Yeah, we're taking calls today me
chronic
I want to take my call
Why does sound folks
Oh like hell of course
5-0-60 W-Sure it sounds funny
Just on two
Here is Joe Bell of Ezra Bell
0-5-60 in date
Oh sure it's a joke for the counties
Code 23
877785 Neil
Or pound five 60 on your AT&T
And Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil
His guests or his collars
Do not represent those of W
That's you
Yes or sponsors
Now the Neil Rogers show
On 560 W QAM
Well here we are
Yeah
No phone line
Everything was fine for
I know
I thought you were going to be on me
I thought wow man he's ignoring me more than one
I was thinking to you I was saying hello
Hello yeah me too
I don't see you there right
Sounded funny
Not
No we got three lights
with out of the half of them
and there were in this thing
Yeah
Two greens in one red
And I know that every set at five times already
Or something
Yeah
All right well we have over here too
So now
It's the line is now somewhere
Somewhere along the line
Things are not fine on the line
Boy it's going to be
Not good I'm
I think I'm going to sue somebody
Because I'm probably going to get like cancer
The hero from having a cell
Probably my brain cancer
By the way on this new pole
Would somebody please
You were here
Please take that stupid thing off of there
What is it cell phone
Okay, why do the people
Make these poles feel compelled to put some
Stupid stupid choice on there
What is it
I don't know
Yeah well let's get it off of there
Can you do it
I'll have her do it yes
Yeah thanks Eric
No word
I want to thank Wolf
What about her
Oh
Has a Facebook group dedicated to Miami radio
In the 70s and 80s if you'd like to join her contact in
For his blood
No, I would not this is from the fake time jikker
Why would I want to be involved in any way shape or form with ronna wolf
Thank you. I don't know
Thank wolf huh that bitch
I don't know
Oh my god
Was she a piece of worker what
What I remember the day I told her I was not
The re-upping with packs and I was coming to qa and she stood there
She and peony bolder in the office
She stood there tapping her foot like like somehow tapping her foot was going to change the reality
But that was up 154 points
Wow
I can still see that I forgot my tv going
Good
There's one
What happened here I mean what what is this one
I don't know I mean it was all
Among your technical experts forgive me I guess
Oh there's a lot of miles between us over here
So who knows maybe a pigeon craft on something somewhere
I think a pigeon craft on our phone line
Yeah
Well
I don't
So I can't play any bits or
No I guess I'll do that and you'll just make sounds with your mouth
Or I could make sounds with my ass I can go take it if I had to
I don't need to but I could go take a choice and take this in there with me
There you go that that would be really
We want it a wireless microphone for a long time now and now we have it you can know
Wait wait wait go to the chinese market I want to hear what that
No speaking was chinese like it sounds like
Yeah
Yeah
I can go up and knock those doors now
My boy you just hand her the phone and and I'll take it in there
Screaming and yelling will make a new chinese restaurant bit of it
Let's see what I got here okay see this is what's good about not taking calls
Although you could take the calls on your end couldn't you
I'm not taking it okay
I could but I'm already you know I would have to do some weird things because you're on the phone so
Oh
Yeah, but yeah, I know you you do have the audio vault and the phone computer are the same computer so
Yes
If you think we're having technical issues now
Well, what does that mean when you play the switch back and forth continuously so that I can play spots and take calls and or take calls
No, we're not so what does that mean when when you play the spots
I'm not going to hear it no no you'll hear everything
It's just they're on the same computer so I just have to be switching computer functions constantly
Oh just relax we get so hyper mic
God
I
Anyway, here's let's see oh
This remember what I said the other day about them
On the year tryouts and how that's the worst form of desperation and on air auditions the worst the worst well
Guess who hosted the morning show on the ticket today not coming at you but they're the month
Dave Le Mans the farting Dave Le Mans. Yes, John and for a lot of deals is are these on air auditions? What do you think John?
Of course they are says I wonder if they had a large kind of gladiness food in case they broke into a farting spell
Ask John and for a lot of day. Well, I don't know and I really don't care John don't worry about them because they're
floundering floundering
Grasping for straws one day. It's jerks the next day. It's it all the out-of-work people are gonna be over there auditioning for that morning show
When you think that if they were like a real operation which they're not but when you think if they were
They would have their ducks in a row before they left
Yeah, right. Yeah, I got a lot
What huh?
I said like us oh like us
Oh, I think it's something nasty. I did that was up 157 points see this this business
Oh the pole is down momentarily while Eric takes that stupid thing over what is the cell phone and out's back up nice work Eric
Thank you. He's the best
We had him in charge of whatever this technical amal function at the junction is we'd be back on normal like you know
Like ordinary, but we're not how much I'm watching those lights
Yeah, this is a long time. This is um right
Well, I got all the doors open and I see you know like Timmy running back and forth every now and again, but good luck to us
And what is he doing?
Everything that he can and it might not be here in the building might be the line
It's I'm not the way it looks to me is like it's the line right
Like they got to call AT&T again like they've had to do before what is this like the fifth time just uh in a year
I think I might have to join here soon. I might go in there and uh take
With that no, that's what I'm saying that would be the greatest of all time because I wouldn't even tell you um put it on speaker phone
And I'm not one of those people who grunts and groans when I sit on the throne. We know fun
I never I never understood that
Well that depends on the circumstances you understand you go into a public key room and then you go
Yeah, I told you I was in the this room over. I don't know who it was that was in the stall, but it sounded like they were getting off
Oh, yeah, I was it was very scary. Maybe they were it sounded like they were having a really good time
Too good a time. Yeah, maybe they were
Who is the sales guy?
Would you used to work for us the chronic masturbator? What was his name?
I don't know
Do you remember those at iod I remember rumors of one, but I don't know how to do it if you are here
Yeah
No, I don't know that why am I hearing myself back a second time? Oh now it stopped
I it all didn't because I were on the phone and there's a delay
Overdoubted up 154. I just parted real bad. I could have put this phone right by my ass. That would have been great
He did a lot of advantages of doing the show on this on the up crackberry. Yeah
Get get a headset
A headset for what the crackberry? Yeah, that way you can get both your hands free
So you can pick your ass and talk at the same time
So all in bokeh is an idiot
So many idiot boy that thought was rank oh
Oh
That yeah
Yes, whoonin whoa
I could only have that one in the shower this morning would have been a mafaya should have bottled it for later maybe get a balloon
Paul says I'm confused because when I voted Tuesday for Richard Simmons
He was at the top of the pole and now his name is vanished my question to you sir is why sir
Because I had Eric take it off of there because Paul is obviously a screaming or whoever the hell he's talking about Richard Simmons a screaming
Missing bag. It didn't tie him with the question of the pole the pole question is somebody who's in the closet who isn't
Obviously a screamer that that was the pole question
Richard Simmons was like putting Charles Nelson right on there. I mean just just silly
We're like putting out some John on there
So that's the answer Paul sir
Okay, here's the result of the poll
This is not the out of the house. Did you just take a bonehead?
Who you
No
Sounds like you were
Yeah sucking on a water pipe
Yeah, I was
I'm not
Well you were relaxing up to start farting
I guess it was started by Dave Lamont being on this morning across the street
Boy he used to fart the most wicked. Oh
And I'm trying to do a ballgame and he said and they're just farting up the storm
Anyway of the following home would you least be surprised to learn in some of sexual or lesbian?
You know, I remember when we had the big power figure in the northeast member
Yes, and I did a whole show for my living room on that but that was on the my regular hard-line phone. Yeah
I've never done it from in here. Of course. I'm gonna have to do it in here because otherwise I can't get the emails
You know correct. I'm sure they're pouring in. Let me take a look right now. I'm sure pouring in oh there are they are
Brandon says you sound like hell on the phone, but it's not the first time you've had to do this
Right, it was the one other time. I remember we're doing the entire show on the phone
I suggest getting your vet and go to woodbind or how about this you were saying to the day that it's been eon since you had
Last had a drop from a car. Well now you can make your own. Yeah, I'm gonna make a drop here. I think
That's what you keep threatening
We're not sports in a 940 somebody sends me the time jicke outcome that I read on the year the other day very sad
Oh
Phil Arck you sound like crap and the show is not up to its usual standards
I think he should take more precautions so it doesn't happen again
Get them on this right away just kidding, but seriously you sound like she out as the bridge say well too bad
Yeah, it really sound bad. It sounds like you're on the phone and underwater
Lauren says I didn't realize Neil was up on the space station today come to think of it. They had a better connection well good for them
Good for them. At least I'm here trying to do a show. Right. I couldn't just enjoy what you do
And I'm gonna get the car and go to woodbine. I'm gonna go back to bed. You know, I could do that and look
Hey, you're making their day. You're giving them something to bitch about
Mortars and gamesville rejected the politics of fear yesterday and bigotry by 58 to 42 percent margin Fred
Souther sends it
Charter amendment one went down and flames in the city election yesterday in gamesville
Retaining games those reputation has been one of the most progressive cities in Florida
Especially when it's surrounded by a bunch of crimson red counties here in aintry or north central florida says Fred
Thanks again for mentioning you on the air proud of its adopted town. They says Fred Souther
That's what Fred says
All right, thank you Fred. Oh and Brandon says are you doing the show from a cell or landline you come and clear on a landline
I can't do it on the landline because it's in the other room
I have nowhere to plug it into in here and
It's we're doing what we're doing so all you worked out there including you Brandon
Oh my god
It sounds
Different but we can hear every word that you're saying so it's not like it's distorted run intelligible or anything like that
So oh it's speaking of
Branden says I had the same thing happened to me. I was in the stall at bcc one day when I was still going to school
I heard this guy come in. I heard some rather loud grunts afterward
I heard the sound you normally would hear when your hand is well greased and working and then he vanished
No
Oh, well, we'll get back to this magnet. Sure
Or no or not. I never did get the appore's. Well, we'll get to that. No rush today take our time. That was up 163 point
Still two reliance and one red line
Okay, and and I'm not going to be able to play the anything you know anything. I'll play something
I mean the cue you know the other thing
Don't worry about it. Oh, we just won't have that and uh and I'll play a bit coming out. How's that?
great
Everybody needs a fear especially me
Not a good idea to appear like a missing queen
Essentially a peasy what the breeder spear by pretending that I'm not a queer
No, it will ever know that I'm a homo
They'll just say he's married you know
Holden back my passion for sports to now and then
Faking I like women for then watching men
I've got a bit but inside I'm tired
Living alive that nobody's buying now I gotta live a life and act apart
But it's been that in me
I don't have the balls to admit I play shin fall
I don't have the balls to admit I play shin fall
I don't have the balls to admit I play shin fall
I just don't have the balls to admit I play shin fall
Well, you're close personal friend Brandon had a really a good suggestion
Yeah
Which is only partially working it won't work at the moment because you said don't you have a portable phone at the ties into your landline
And I sure do I never use it
And so it's not charged up. Ah
So I just plugged it in in my living room and I
And I put the other thing on the to charge up on a cradle the hand that rocks the cradle and I stuck the phone line into it
So
When I think it's charged it depending on how long this problem goes on I can call you back on there and maybe it'll sound better maybe
It's a sanyo. I haven't used that thing in ages
Because it's a piece of crap so the probably sound worth the nith but but we can try it
Okay, because the lights are still out. Yeah
Are you getting any progress before? No, I just just did a a search during that break and he doesn't know where Timmy is
I mean, you know, it might be in the basement or something
What are you saying
What language are you sticking?
Uh
Uzbekistanie we don't know where anyone is there's a big important meeting going on right now first of all
Well, what are you talking about where we can't get this thing on a ear and you're talking there's a big important meeting
More important to getting this thing fixed
I don't know where Timmy is or any engineer or what they're doing if they're doing anything
Running around in the hallway
He was
He was
That was when I when I told you that you know when I told you that he was running around in the hallways
That's yeah, that's when he was doing that all right as of this last break
We don't know where he is or what he's doing if he's doing something about it great and if he's not uh
Not so great
But we don't know nobody knows and everybody else in the building is in the people meter meeting that I wish I was in right now
Oh the people meter meeting. Oh my god. I just got a thing from the fake very jackass about that
As if we don't already know that my Amy is going ppm
I got some bad information about the ppm by the way a few days ago from very jackass about tanner is all upset about it
And everybody else is upset about it too. It's not accurate and it's a full of crap. Oh great wonderful
Kind of like the present arbitration is not accurate. It's full of crap when it's done. I'll have to say
Here's one that says all you have to do is install free instant messaging software on your computer
That supports voice such as Google talk or Skype
George could put up his computer and wouldn't say it would sound crystal clear now much different than the normal show
Do you understand what that means?
Yeah, but you don't have a microphone uh
Hooked up to your computer. So no, so never mind
No
No, I do not you would have to have that so thanks for the suggestion
Thanks for the memories, but uh
Here's one it says oh man, this is golden. It sounds so funny through the phone sounds like you're hiding in that hole
They found Sodom in I am
I am I'm trying to get the aspires out of my ear. Oh
Here's a good one from me who's a real idiot. Can you give out your cell phone number so we can Twitter back and forth
Yeah, go Twitter on there are are are oh there's the picture that yellow cab again from Vancouver that you uh
So that that's a Prius. Yes, it is hybrid
It's a Prius hybrid
Because my cabbie I mentioned him yesterday and he was he knew all about it
He said they have two of them here in Toronto
Well, they well, why would they why would they have two they're just getting started
No, they've got more cabs here than then they've got population. It's scary
And all of them are crying nobody's doing any business because nobody's got any money
Although the dial is up and everything is uh everything is coming up roses. The dial is up 154 points
Here's one from your friend my anal chapstick
Just thanks I couldn't sleep last night all I could think of was the critters crawling around inside my pillow
I hope that dust mites aid your phone line. I'm sending termites to woodbite. Well, he's a little bit
surely don't blame me
Not me god
Dust mites and the bed bugs and all these creepy crawlies because god is a sadistic son of a bitch
Where he can't says you should do the show from woodbind today, you know, I could
Right that's a possibility although the problem isn't there certain areas where you lose the line inside the building there
You know
Not that I would care George has had too much airtime lately. He's he is everything wrong with Cuban Miami
He is a glorified board op who is too big for his riches give him a week off and let's please live in
Slyvin said the Larry the fake Larry King
Can't understand why you don't like those fake emails
Here's one from rocky
Evidently you didn't get the joe bell memo about more cutbacks the beastly
Can't afford to pay for the phone line that connects you from Toronto and you'll have to do the show from the phone from now on
They'll do anything to make sure you fail signs of real rocky. Yeah, that's true that part
This was working just fine before the show we were talking back and forth and beautiful crap and everything was and all of a sudden
Not even with a sound not even a pop or a click or nothing just all of a sudden neither one of us responding to each other
And I'm resetting over here and you're resetting over there. Nothing is changing
So if you're talking to me that Timmy is involved in this meeting while we're in I don't know where Timmy is is what I told you
Yeah, and there are no other engineers in the building
Well, why not
You know the answer to that question. I know because there never are
I'm sure here's the whole result from yesterday
Took almost a half an hour to get to this finally so that's good killing some valuable time
I mean if you think that four hours is long or nearly under the best circumstances. Yeah
This is really lame didn't when you bought that crackberry there wasn't a little headset in the box there
No, oh, I don't think so
Do you want me to go look? Well during the break
I get
I got no head
I don't have to wait for a break that's right you don't I can take the phone right with me
I'm in my little bathroom right now. I got two bathrooms here last couple phones
I bought had a little you know not a wireless but just the little wired you know your bud headset in there
Oh, let me see
Here's the box, but I've never bought a blackberry so I don't know what
Well, you better get with it mister you got my car
I'm sitting on my bed right now. Oh, you know what then I'm looking in here and I see all kinds of crap bed bugs
No, no, I'm talking about in the box. Oh, I don't see a headset though
Here's a plug. Yeah, there's another plug plug
Here's a
What bug yeah, look at the size of that wow here is here that might be I don't know it looks like a little bud. It's not gonna. Yeah
Yeah
It looks like a little one bud
I can touch my ear bud looks like a little bud
Okay, let me put the phone down for a second open this up. Okay, don't go away. All right
Go ahead open this little bag
But where's the um
It's uh, oh here it is. You're right. There you go
You are right
But I'm I'm gonna have to set this up during the break. Yeah, which is got a little plug. Mm-hmm. The break is now right
Well, let me go back in the studio
Because I think I got a spot there. Yes
Well, see I know what's going on. I've been doing this a long time. Hey other people have melted down on both ends
Oh, they wouldn't yeah, they would have these other amateurs. Oh
All right, hold on while I'm oh, I'm getting way past the break. I know
All right, let me do the spot and then during the break I'll hook this up and then it's gonna sound really spiffy
Well, at least you'll have both your hands. You'll have your both hands
Three, I don't know what I'm gonna do with it making them stick them inside my ass. Yeah
I love eating nuts
woman
I believe I'm gonna win in a short time you may be a one
He's a real
And your whole finger that's up on the graphic
Well, I guess if you win rule are you good for yourself
Well, some you statistics now
I'm picking random good big-white
Got plenty experts just my tell you it's better to go and choose the nonsense or just guess that my piece
What's the try
You ain't done anything
You're too busy feeling bracket
When much badness comes around no more pulling around I gotta get back to work wrong with you get busy
Okay, now how does this sound good it does actually a little better it does I gotta say
Because I'm using the little mic
And the headset with the woods. It's only got one earpiece not as good as a microphone
But there's less like a fumbling sound effects. You know what I mean a millennia. Yeah
Let's fumble nila. You know what you know what else I have to do. Oh, this is this is really
phenomenal and a couple people suggested this to me which I can go ahead and hear flush the toilet for you. Please do you want to hear that yeah
Can you hear it?
Yeah, there's nothing in it just water
Sorry, I think you should take a walk to the Chinese market. How long does it take you to get there and back? Can you do it in one segment? Oh?
Yeah
I think you should take advantage of a new format
No, I gotta get the charger. I got an unplugged here for my bedroom
And see if this cord is long enough to you. I hope so yeah, I have a limited number of outlets left here as you can imagine
Right
Huh, right?
Well, you can imagine I've got every outlet
So let me unplug this one lamp. Oh geez
Sorry and plug my charger and because otherwise this is not going to last correct
How come this won't plug in?
I don't think oh there we go. Oh good
Now let's see about my charger cord
Oh, I'm all out of breath and let me plug it in and charge my
Crackberry while I'm using it
There we go there you go
Still connected it's sitting down there with uh, yeah
And and the other thing I'm going to have to do
How long do you think it would take to charge up that
Affordable flight? I really don't know
Because I don't think there's anybody working out on that end or somebody would be telling you something there
You know that meeting is too important. They don't care about this show
I've got the doors both doors open so I can see the hallway from here and no one has walked past
Not a fly not a person not a chicken has walked past that doorway
Everyone is in that meeting and I don't know if the engineers any of them are among them
Well
Isn't this a fine kettle official?
This is typical right
Somebody you know something email or you know saying now you can really rip the bees
This has nothing to do with QA and this is a phone company problem obviously the line is out probably most likely
Which happens to anybody and everybody but the fact that there is nobody doing anything at least that we can tell at the moment
Uh, then that's that damn
Manastana
Oh here you go. Holy or robin robinia says the show is not what I'm used to from you if the audio doesn't improve
I'm gonna have to put on radio mom be our radio ritmo
The signals are ready to difficult to get inside the highly a city hall building
And now with you on a phone line. It's almost impossible
Please be as responsive the problems as I am to the highly a citizenry see what the chariot races
PSI plan to run for the Senate seats vacated by my friend and fellow republican melmartine is can I count on your vote and more importantly your financial support
Y'all send you a couple of sent
Jackass
Oh the Reverend Francis Guinan has been sentenced to four years in prison ordered to pay 99
999 dollars and 99 cent restitution of this former church
A parade of priests and other supporters pleaded with a judge for mercy this morning
In the case of the second priest convicted of stealing from Adele Ray Beach Church. Oh
Saying that Guinan has suffered enough for the three-year court case and spending the last month in jail
His supporters pleaded for circuit judge christimarts to spare in prison time
He's lost his identity as priest he's lost his canonical rights in the church said the Reverend Nicholas King
Pastor norlando
Nicholas King what about the Reverend Nicholas Queen?
Oh my god
This should have been handled internally could have been handled effectively and they could in other words
They should have swept out of the carpet is what he's trying to say
Hey goodness goes on and on I don't good don't got time for a but thank you anyway
Yesterday the ticket had on morning Jason Jackson and today they'd able them out to fake given the fetus
Send this like we don't know this
Surprise show speed
It's sounding lovely not really through the radio again sounding lovely. Mm-hmm. Is it lovely?
It is it's awesome. It's spectacular
Have you ever seen these things? Yeah, I use them all the time. So little little tiny just a wire
Right
Just a like a wire with an earbud on one end and the mic hanging on it
Cathedral right now. I have no idea what that means. You know what that means. No
Tell George to bring some pre-staffed officers somebody with a phone number. You're gonna bring some pre-craft
You know, they'll have the usual touch kits. No
Boy, this is
Well, no one could blame you for bailing on a day like today. You want me to leave? No, I don't. Are you kidding me?
I'm just saying
I'm not asking your permission. Hey, listen, I'll go ask someone in management
Hey
Hey, can you leave? Yeah, they didn't say you couldn't
Well, what I'm doing just in case because I of course um, you know
I'm trying to prepare for all the contingencies over here and one of them was your blackberry possibly dying or or that connection
How it's charging, baby, right?
I'm having Josh Cordis who's the only person that's still paying any attention to us
Dub the the live is just in case
In case one in case I leave in case you get tired of doing this crap and you bail
Tired of doing what crap. I don't know what you're showing the phone in case you you think that it sounds too bad or awful
Whatever at this headset if you would just told me at the beginning about the headset
No, I never really thought there was one in there. I never I never do that because you know, anytime you buy any electrical thing
Any any kind of anything like this. There's a whole bunch of stuff inside the box and usually don't even look at it
I do I play with all of it. It's a perfect list. What you play with it
I mean open everything up. What's this thing? What's that do? What is this for?
It is interesting though that in the upper life-hand corner
There's a different symbol now. But we're just connected. That's the headset symbol and the charging symbol ought to be lit up
No, it's the
I don't know the whole thing is a different now. Mm-hmm
See you're doing a show on the phone symbol oh
That's really sucks
Here's one that says tell George to go out of the meeting left and know the stations problem George is too lazy since he's no George
Know it's better than you go interrupt an important meeting all they care about in this place is their meeting all these people who think they know something
Yeah, you know something I mean what I'm supposed to be doing because if I wasn't sitting here doing it
There would be nothing there'd be dead air
He's yeah, he's fat shut in dobal
loser living with mommy
Faker yeah, yeah
Now do we want to try um
Because I mean this all we got to do is hang up during the break and I'll call you back on the I don't know how long
It's gonna take to charge up that cordless phone. Let me let me tell you something
Tell me don't
Don't ask it because as I tried to explain and you can't see it
I have to I'm using the audio vault and the phone thing on the same computer and I have to switch between them to do one or the other to take a call
I have to deactivate I do uh exit audio vault to you the phone
That's what I had to do before to take your call that's why you're having such a hard time getting connected to me do it after the break when we come back
Ah if you want I think this is fine right now. I don't know if we should mess with it. Okay if it sounds okay
Yeah, I don't think it's gonna sound better on that other thing
You're really uncomfortable with the this and you don't have a headset
Uh-huh you won't have a headset with that other thing. Will you?
No, no, how would I have a headset with a portable phone? They they had them for those two
Although at least if nothing else. I've got the my portable phone all charged up if nothing else. I'll never use it
ah
I think we're in the Guinness Book of Records now that's the first sneeze ever done on a radio talk show done over a blackberry
Could be certainly by the host
With the most I think I'm gonna go flush the toilet again. Why do you do the break?
Bye
Michael Phelps. Yeah, take me back if you will to the party in South Carolina
It's just a small group and we're just sitting around celebrating you know, I have to ask you were you smoking pot?
I thought nothing went the best
We live in a time right now where it seems we almost brace ourselves
For heroes to disappoint us
Why do you smile?
It's just funny. How are you doing right now?
Very high. Are you really? I'm gonna do it no matter what okay, which hand which takes us to our second part of the question steroids
um
That's four days a week. Was that make you swim faster if I'm able to get faster at the end of the year than obviously I'm doing something right
cooking yeah
Every day this has been since you were what 10 10 or 11? I think so every single day, you know, it's been pretty fun so far
So I wanted people to know sort of the the background parts of of Michael Phelps. You might be young rambling a little bit. I don't know um maybe
Yeah, maybe not wow the thousand up 189 point aren't you excited? Yeah, why not now somebody points out somebody with a phone number
The same microphone headset you have plugged into your blackberry can be used as a microphone to plug into your computer
If you did wish to go to the instant messaging route. I don't think it's going to be long enough
I'm not gonna be long enough. I've heard that that chord
Long enough to do what to be able to use that as a computer microphone
Sure it is
The computer is sitting right behind where I have my crack where sitting on the account or you
You can try it if you want, but it's going to take some doing you don't have Yahoo messenger installed on your computer all all of these people out
I know forget about all that. I appreciate all of their helpful
Suggestions, but I hope it's what we're doing now and make it very complicated right now
Let me just tell you the thing about this that's the most aggravating and frustrating and this is the QAM f in way
Is that I'm confident that since they're having this thing about the people meter and arbitra and that meeting going on
It whatever engineer would be in the building would be in that meeting
I don't know if they are I'm confident that they're over in the other building doing the other work to move the station over there
That's what my theory is
Josh found Timmy. He's next door in engineering on the phone with whom we don't know, but that's where he is
Oh, that's good. So he's on the phone with AT&T obviously we don't know or he's on the phone with a hot date or correct. He's on the phone
Wow, look at that spot for sandals look at that almost naked. Hey, I'm looking at that same thing. You want to see an inner something?
Yeah, wow
That's like all the same police
Well, he's gonna do it
anyway
Random says the courtless wasn't charged on bother to take a while to get a fully charged
What would make things great if George got on the phone too then you'll see the ratings
Yeah, it could be done
Let's not yeah, let's play with anything. Let's quit while we're behind
There's something really wrong with this thing being out this long. I can't recall the last time
You know, I mean once in a while to go out for a few seconds like this
Or for a few minutes and then they'll make the call and they'll yeah right back on again
Yeah, maybe they haven't paid their bill. Hey anything's possible. Hey, we have keep trying to give the pull result for me
I said and I keep getting interrupted by myself
Very relaxing though here like this. I'm sitting back in the chair
Go ahead
Out of the following whom would you least be surprised to learn as homo sex or lesbian
Charlie Chris your limperous governor wins 179 votes
And colder 160 Tommy cruise 104
Very mantle of 95 Ryan C. Crest 77 see what I've heard about that number
Everywhere you look 77
How's Bob Ballou doing he's still dead? Yeah, John from over 60. Whoopi Goldberg 34 Anderson's Pupra 32
Well, he was in late addition and he's zoomed up there
He's a real lady Hillary Clinton 32 O'Pherawin free 31 Matt Pudge. He's got 29
Carol Owens 27. He also has a late addition
Sandy Peyton Manning a very late addition 18 Jeff Garcia 18 with a fresh breath
I know the kind of breath he's got
What I'm not gonna say it
Cuz you're gonna get real nervous if we say penis. Oh god
He's a Williams 15 votes
Zach F. Ryan 12 loop fourman big papa nine
Brian quake seven and Brian Andrew six the two Brian's the battle of the Brian's for last place
I'm sitting over here. I put that right in the waist basket and set him my big
Glad bag my big garbage bag here. I got quite an operation going on. Oh that good
I could unplug the charger though. I'm sure my crapper is charged up nice and good now
It's charging as we go
And if I didn't eat it well, I got a whole pile of emails and stuff and a couple of bedtime stories
I could do like the rest of this segment from my bedroom. Wow
Sitting on the bed. Does your bed squeak at all or something? Can you jump up and down and make it squeak?
Squeak, you know, it does not squeak. Although maybe the
The dust mites might make some sounds the dust mites
That whole crap about the pillow that is
Legend that it sits nonsense
Half of the way that the pillow is from dead
For first of all if there was that much matter in there you would be able to see it or at least smell it
Smell it
Don't you think
If it's dust I might waste that you'd be able to smell it after a while
Oh look at this
Holzer the very jackass sentence
Holzer Holzer and Fistill LLC is investigating possible violations of state law for among other things
Breachers of fiduciary do the in connection with a proposed buyout of Cox radio ink
By Cox enterprises ink
Other the agreement announced the Monday Cox enterprises will pay $3.80 a share for a total price of approximately
$69.69
$69.1 million in all cash transaction
Cox enterprises on approximately 68% of the outstanding shares of Cox radio and as vote in control of for approximately 97% of Cox radio stuck
If consummated Cox radio will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Cox enterprises the firm's investigation
Is focused on among other things whether the proposed deal consideration provides adequate value to Cox radio is minority shareholders and whether the deal comports with apical the law
Wow
Of course not about who these people are and they're in Atlanta and of course that's the home base of Cox raw cash the Cox
A hoist is Atlanta when that be something they get their ass in the ringer. That would be great. Yeah
That's my opinion on my business. Yeah, I can't play it like I said
I don't see anything change
That's my opinion box. I'm like disnerving no and Josh got a report from Timmy's saying nothing nothing new we know nothing
Now can you interpret that okay, I can play that English for me. What what does that mean?
I can try well all right. Let me tell you what I know about what's going on. Yes, nothing. I'm done
What kind of an answer is that it's what I got nothing
We said the typical QA M answer right
You know how like if I had something to tell the the opposite of that
I think you had a really good idea about my take it off the rest of the show. I don't think anyone would blame you
Oh, I got some spots in here today
Well, you could you got them though, right?
They're they're they're in the machine. I had
I had to record it to me. I just encased because I'm not you know because when there's one technical issue
You know how Murphy's lies
There's no guarantee that there's not gonna be two or three on the on the heels of it just and especially knowing this place
Faggerman whoa
We might be back man
I'm looking at the lights nothing happened. I don't know why I'm here myself back somebody in the control of him doing something
Potch game Josh quarters is gonna go investigate right now
Somebody doing what where? Potch game in the control room perhaps that's just a theory
No, there's nobody in there. So I don't know what that was all about
Maybe switching some wires in the back that was bizarre
That was really strange and I was hoping that when that was going on
I would look down here at to the the green lights all come back. No, no, I got excited too, but no false along
You see
In the past year what's the longest time we have ever been without your cell phone and you see if I didn't have my cell phone right
I made my crackberry we'd be upschmitz Creek
Or you'd be doing the show and I'd be a woodbine a few hours 71
A day 63 never been without my cell phone 37. That's what I voted since I got it
A week 26 among 15 12 votes
That's what we got
Oh, here's a really good suggestion. Hey Neil. How about using your current snafu to take a few phone calls?
Yeah, yeah, our current snafu that would be more difficult
That would be what more difficult than ever not impossible, but it'll be sound awful because I won't be able to
Control the levels individually for you and the other callers. Yeah
Well, it's not gonna happen good
Just an idiot wrong day for that if there was a right phone calls. Yeah
In fact, when I'm doing the show any day is around day
If there's a right day at eight o'clock
I'm your friend
There's probably in the meeting too. They might be
Prozac Ron and the chambon would not surprise me and the the Reverend and the boyfriend
Probably in the meeting right
sitting at the head of the conference table
fondling jolly joe's earlobes
Oh my god, so so he told you nothing nothing
I mean, I just don't know what kind of an answer that is. I mean wouldn't the answer be whether he's the
AT&T says it's not the line or or something. I figured you'd be used to that by now
Working here. Oh usually when we have these things
There's somebody doing something and they you know and they make something happen
Well, maybe they eliminated that person's position
Like a fat Julio
Right he was a great engineer. He helped to put build this whole studio up here and they blew him out
They blew his ass out
So you're right maybe maybe somebody left
Somebody who knew their crap probably got blown up. Well here. Why does Neil sound like he's not a bad remote says Rob because
Our phone line is down and Neil is doing the show on the phone today Rob. That's why
Todd says I love it. Mark Koney from the grave
I'm in a hole in the ground with a metal helmet. I'm listening to you on a shortwave hiding from the Kaiser
What you guys have to do to put on a show these days is beyond belief nice infrastructure, right?
I'll continue monitoring you regardless great show and best regards always
There's this guy Todd
Yeah
Yeah, listen we are we're we deserve a medal for this today if you would have seen
Like leading up to showtime what I had to go through just to get you on the phone and get the spots all
Up and running in the show open and all of this other stuff
Well, let's do the spots now because that's what we're here for yeah do a q thing like uh, you know say q a.m
Or something oh q a.m
You backtrack this is the
Any questions all the executives and their family should be executed with piano wire around their next my greatest hope
When they get
I take the baseball back and break their legs and knees and start with
Let's tidy and the wire ground to see
Oh
What better
To their nose let's tidy and the wire ground to see
ee
And put off for books for stealing from us make that
And the wire ground to see the
I'm looking for all the studios names kids where they live etc
Once and for all let's hear lies
These badish mugs whose mouths are filled with lies
Let's pull out their nails and wrap their entrails around and Christmas tree
Tidy you
See
Oh
Why the government can't do this properly with the people will take it in our own hands and see that justice is done
strip the make it in the bow with a flesh strip the make it in the bow with a flesh
strip the make it in the bow with a black strip the make it
So exciting let me roll some credit about where they're flesh it was real exciting when I saw those green lights come all back
You came back with a vengeance you're all booming really yeah, it sounds great. I want to thank
Josh cordis uh for being the person running around
Take Josh. I'll send the first out this week and Joe Bell came in and uh, you know
Heard us saying that we weren't getting any information and he called George Corso and got some information
And then shortly thereafter the line came back on which I'm sure was just a point
Ha ha ha ha and that double echo double speak we were here in was obviously the line uh, lurching back to life really yeah, so whoo
So here we go
What excitement thanks Josh you're dismissed oh, okay
Oh seriously, I will put the checks in the mail this week
Yeah, what's the deal with that
The deal with that is that we're and we're living in great precarious financial time. Yeah, listen today's economy
I can use that I think exactly right in today's economy. I got no I don't come to pennies to a rough together
Hey, mister, I'm in worst shape than you just remember that at the end of the day. That's what you think
You know what I'm gonna dependents that I do that's that I'm not going to uh the hard rock pulling the slot machine
So you're doing just that if we're if we're for the money I'm making there I'd be in the poor house
I'd be at the Mount Elliott soup kitchen and Detroit
It'll be in the mail this week and we really appreciate your assistance. Thank you. This is it man. This is the final check here
For you really yeah for me the first one for a tubby
That's right
He's doing a good job. I think well, that's good stories are getting on there. Well, that that's all accounts, right?
Then that's all accounts for us. Yeah
It's so so jolly joe bell came in here
Wow and he intervened well, he had that big meeting going on here with the ppm and the pp
They're always having a meeting about the pp
Okay, let me get back to all right
What we're doing
Here's one from somebody who says, haha, haha, I'm about to feed my pants over here. What kind of a station is this?
Oh man, this is awesome even the banana republic by cuba's has a better radio operation than wqm
You finally made it to the top of me. I guess you can retire now
You've officially experienced everything go wrong on the radio. Yeah, no, this is nothing new
We've been through this before right and being the stellar professionals that we are we make it happen okay
And thanks to whoever Timmy or whoever an engineer or George Corso who may were everybody got with AT&T and got the damn line back up
But John has a how does a lot of while you already answered a pigeon piece?
Who knows lot of miles between this man? That was up 166 boy. This feels so much better doing it this way
That sounds better too in my crackberry is there got 90% charge
All right
So that wasn't although it's going to be a hell of a phone bill and I'm not paying it
Don't you think for an hour international call
Expense account it brand and says are you gonna be refunded money for making an international call to host the show have your cell phone
Have your cell phone for the month bill paid for using majority of your minutes
What does that mean?
Says I don't know what kind of cell plan you have but I'm sure somewhere someplace
This is costing somebody some serious money for a four-hour international call
Well, I try to be a one-hour international call. Thanks God. Thank the Lord
Wow
You know it's a good thing we don't get as panicky as some of these people in the audience
I'm gonna do this
We got it we've been here before we know what to do been there done
But thank you thank you because they were all very thoughtful. I'm sure they wanted to help
Well, wait till you hear the next one from a heath. Oh, please
Don't you think it's about time I blocked heath. I'm gonna even I'm getting tired of his crap
Whatever
Said George is not trying to solve the problem by getting people involved to fix it at the same time
Keep saying you should stop doing the show today. This is the same show. He thinks you're doing wrong by taking emails
Hmm very interesting
Hmm, yeah, I'm blocking
And scab pick and stalky fat
Yeah, scab picking scum ball
George answers since you're on the phone can you give us today's fishing report like Captain Bouncer used to
No, but I can do a fabulous final report like Chuck Myers guest used to we're gonna replace Captain Bouncer with a hot chick with big boobs called Captain Bouncy
And she's gonna give the fishing report
How about Captain Howdy? Why not?
He comes up a lot
The thou is up 188 and there's Ali Feltching, but what we're seeing is a sense that things are moving. Yeah, things are moving like your bowels
He's got the vest on today. That's silly queen. What does it is one should have been on that?
He's not his look. Yeah, that's his look. He's a giant glasses and a mister mr. Egghead
Not a wedding ring on his hand
I don't know. I can't see his left hand you saw a wedding ring. I see his right hand
I forget where they are. I don't know where they go. I don't wear one. No, he don't have no wedding ring. Are you a crazy person or what?
Maybe it's a bed wedding ring. Yeah, no, he don't have no wedding ring on on either hand. He might have a right there. Look on his right hand ring. Yeah
He's got a friendship ring like the adonis brothers. Yeah, I didn't know
a friendship ring
And Joey Jonas has a ring
For real friendship bathtub ring
This goes says go to woodbinds already. I want to hear the bells and whistles of those slot machines
So sit the next to a machine
Next to an outlet and charge it from the casino. Let's go get a move on old man
Good thing. I didn't go anywhere. Okay, including across the street
Right so that I was here when the green lights came on and I went like oh, yeah
We're back
It's still took a few seconds. Oh after the green lights came on for the
Audio to start puking through. I wonder why
Yeah, I don't know
Andres says WTF
Sounds like the beesleys are squeezing your nuts and let me say this to you
If I wouldn't take any advice and take it off which I had no intention of doing that would have been embarrassing
What's the money I came back up at 11 o'clock? It wasn't my advice. The hell wasn't okay saying oh, you know if you took off
Nobody would blame you. I don't do that kind of crap. Okay. That's what I want to those slackers like you're thinking about
I show up here rain shine. It's a little murky by the way
That was up 160 points
Here's an i report from Karen on CNN
He's answering world as you know I inherited when he said that what oh my god. Oh, here we go again. Oh my god
What's he be talking about?
Sounds like the beesleys are squeezing you nuts really it does not sound like for real you actually sound like an old man
I am an old man, so
Don't go neal please. I won't be able to work if you're off the please
Keep it coming rages before you get joist right out to would bind says on race
P.S. If you scored would buy more like a son of a bitch all these people are experts. I've been doing your extremely well there
Even yesterday I had a difficult day. I still want a couple hundred bucks and they weren't paying no good machine man
And the old guy who smells like he peed in his pants all the time he was there
Playing his five credits on a quick hit and the guy with the uh the young guy with a black glove the black leather glove
His leather freak really is one credit at a time. He's there every day time. Dalai do his type of machine
Here's a of facts. I've just gone to add facts interested in having a Starbucks cafe right in your place
Abinus caller email today. Yeah, let's have a Starbucks in here
Then I can start drinking coffee in the park. I'll spend the whole show on the can then we can do that thing from the crackberry again
That was very entertaining
Kind of it was a trip
Here's an earlier one where I'm getting caught up on stuff now
Brandon who's just in a feeding frenzy today says I say we'd be garlic. It's the perfect day to take a field trip
Take the show on the road and I agree with George go to the Chinese market or go to one of your many other haunts like red lobster
But there's something I really want to know how long is that bad we're gonna last on your blankberry four hours straight is quite a bit for talk time
That's when I went here. I read that
And I ran into the other room and I got my charger and I plugged it in had just just uh just the right amount of cord
Everything worked out like magic might not run for four hours straight, but it'll run for four hours gay
Gay
I think I think the line just went out again
No
I have to say that I didn't think much of burn a maid off the first time I laid eyes on
I shook his hand and quickly realized my watching wallet were missing
So me and the sisters
Punished him and by punished I mean violated him in the shop
Surely after that I remember when Brenner tried to run a ponsous game with all coss of cigarettes
Well, we lost everything so we shanked Bernie and the shower
Then violated him once again
And the shower
Near the end of our brief time to give that shashank
I gave Bernie a post of Raquel Welch
He promised to pay me for it, but he escaped without reimbursing him
So I escaped ten years later
Tracked him down at his combine and say what to nail
met him for tea
gained his trust
Convince him to take a shower with me and then
When he leaves expected it
Shanked him and violated him over and over
and over in his shower
I'm his burning
You know
Whenever I think of repeatedly violating burning me it off
It always makes me some calm
Rectum well 1118 at 560 we're back
But you're not going to be too happy about this next email. Oh whatever from the fake Johnny dark. Oh
George was able to turn you against Glenn and he's been a hangar around ever since
He contributes very little to the show. He's disinterested in a bore. I can't stand listening to him anymore
He doesn't belong on the air
Says the real or fake Johnny dark take your choice
Yeah
Yeah, what the real Johnny dark
Your mama good thing. We're not here to take abuse
We're not
Do you not you're not want me to read those anymore?
Do whatever you want. I'm gonna do whatever I want. I know. I'm just asking just to kill some guy
You know, I don't care
But that shut in say honor off here. That is right
So just relax I am kills four hours magnificently. Well, I think it's going swimmingly well
I feel good about the show right now not not great. I wish I wish we could do it the way you know
We would want to do it, but we can on the phone
Yeah, let's go back do it on the phone. I enjoy that more with a little clip on Mike
And that very painful earpiece wow boy whoever does they aren't they aren't comfy at all good. Well, why not?
I don't know I do have a headset here that I bought a long time ago
Oh
And you know something I'm wondering I want now this is too big to fit into the crap
bury
It's got two yet too big just slip into the hole, but it fits into the board. Where's the where's that thing here it is?
Oh
I wonder why ever oh man these are the tiniest damn things wow and they're loud well, that's because I got to cranked up I said
You see what?
Why they're tinny why don't need them because they got the overhead like you do there right I'm one of those who started that with the overhead thing and I and Z
I believe okay and boy what a what a treat that is what I'm a higher yeah instead of using cans
All these people with their headphones. Oh, I had phones are the way that's real radio. It's bullcrap. It's annoying
These these are very very tinny sounding can you hear it? No, it's coming through there. No, oh
What kind are these
Sony oh jeez
Sony baloney I'm putting them right back on the floor where they've been sitting for years there. There you go where they belong
It's an important death
And here it is almost 1130. We're just getting around to the important death George Kell dies who
Well, you're not a sports guy see that's the problem
You would know George Kell if you were a sports guy all the probably not
The Hall of Fame third basement wedge set of Williams for the 1949 American League batting title and became a Detroit
Tiger's broadcaster for nearly 40 years died Tuesday. He was 86 one of the worst of the X-Jock broadcasters
He did the TV for the Tigers for a hundred years if Rocky could get on now and storm and Norman could get a hold of one
The Tiger is to be right back and he just he was just awful awful
Jackson's funeral home in Newport, Arkansas confirmed that that didn't give a cause the Hall of Fame City died in his sleep at his hometown in Swifton 86
Die in your sleep. That's not a bad deal, huh? I'll take it although
Kell was severely injured in a car crash in 2004
But was able to walk with a cane about six months later. See, that's probably why he croaked
Once you get we'll want your body gets like severe trauma like that. You're gonna be dead someday. Right
Kell outlasted Williams for the 1949 batting crown hitting 342.91 while the Red Sox great finish at 342.76
Boy just a tiny curly hero apart
Cal played 15 seasons hitting better than 309 times and compiling a career average of 306. He was a 10 time all star
There's no one who loved and respected the game more than George Hall of Fame president Jeff Eidelson said not only was he wanted
Baseball's true legends. He was a fan too. He loved coming to Cooperstown and sharing in the camaraderie with this Hall of Fame family
After he retired Cal broadcast Tigers games from 59 to 96 if you can call it that every year except 1964
Long time Tigers broadcast to Ernie Harwell and Kell became close friends while working together in TV and on radio
He had a very laid back style hurr hurr well toe wwj in Detroit Tuesday
He was easy going in an expert on the game
He brought the field of the booth because he played and played well
He had a conversational style that people took to he was awful just horrendous
If storm and Norman can get a hold of on I mean he was just rooting the whole game
He didn't broadcast the game. He was just rooting how trying to figure out the Tigers would win and they didn't
Al Kell I know for all the famous for the Tigers also was a broadcasting colleague of Kels
George was a great friend and like a big brother to me Kell I said yesterday when we broadcast together
I was a rookie and he was a veteran. He was a great mentor to me
Wow
Just unbelievable because on and on and on and on
and on
Kell was inducted in the baseball hall of fame in 1983 by the veterans committee. He was joined that year by Brooks Robinson
They were teammates with Baltimore as Kelskuer was winding down and Robertson's was beginning well there
George Cal he's dead
86 died in his sleep. I wouldn't mind living 86 and die in my sleep
Sure me when you I'll take it
In fact, I almost died in my cheer here this morning with this phone
Now did we ever get a follow-through on that or it was AT&T and told you yeah
And what and you mama and George Corso called them and they said
Yeah, you know, then they fixed it. Mm-hmm. Oh
George Corso took care of it. Well, yeah
The chief engineer
So Timmy couldn't get that you get her done George Timmy called George
Called George what an idiot maybe
Here's an email a long one a long one from Ken in Pompano Beach
Listener since 86 currently on disability for more for nine weeks
This has nothing to do with anything, but it should kill little time good. That's what we're here for
My wife was a housekeeper for wealthy manor living south for he was the top executive with CBS TV
He passed away over a year ago
his funeral
Was at Mara Lago in Palm Beach all the top entertainers from CBS were in attendance among the nice friendly celebs were Deborah Nervil Leslie Munevez
Rachel Ray and surprisingly enough Donald Chump
He was near the front door greeting guests when we arrived and he suddenly turned around almost ran over my wife
He couldn't have been more embarrassed repeatedly apologizing to her. He was very gracious
Among the a whole celebs were Oprah who had to have her own private room away from the common people and Dr.
Phil looked at us like we were something the cat dragged in just thought you might be interested
How do you like that over in her protege Dr. Phil one of the most anxious drooling red necks
You and Steve I'm blocking this phony Steve Ron Da Nero. It's just annoying. It's stupid
Can I wish so and so a happy birthday? No, I can't I don't know who that is and I don't care who it is
Oh here it's somebody just sent me George Kelvis
Hey
No
If Rocky could get a hold of one now and storm and Norman can get up there and I hit one
This is the end of the game with the tickets. He is my shoulder one or something
I'll figure it out how to get in the game
You start your totally cow errands coming. Well congratulations. They're like secretary Tim Geithner
And I'll reassure everyone by the end of the year. Is that a camera?
Please no cameras. I have your way
You can have confidence in me and you're probably wondering why President Obama picked me to
Head the agency that oversees the IRS when I neglected to pay my own jacks as well
As you know, Rahm Amanduel is missing a finger and well the president took pity on me when he was told I
I only have one testicle. Yes, it's true. See here
Just one tiny little testicle
So so let me reassure you that when it comes to the economy I have got this thing well in hand
So what do you believe in the old testicle or the new testicle? Oh, I don't have to choose and somebody got his abrocket this morning
Oh, I'll have to know you're a happy day now. I can't can blast it. Yeah
Things are really looking up
Don't forget to join George Friday at Gulfstream 10 to 2
Right assuming all the equipment is working the way that it ought to be
Oh, now you're gonna start being negative reading in just because we have a little a little episode here today
We deserve an award come back for great horse racing play a little poker
Maybe hit the a schlots for some big money plus enjoy some great food and drinks
While George and you'll get you ready for the big Florida Derby this Saturday at Gulfstream a weekend. Yeah
It's a big big-ass weekend right going to all you need to add something in the pool don't have a cell phone
Oh right away
Right absolutely. There actually are people out there who have asked me how or why or what or when
Oh Moton drummer uriel Jones dies in Michigan
That's got a link sorry. I don't do links
They've lament open a bottle of bino has sent you a loser. Oh, we now we got to fake Dave Lamont that's good
And here's another fake one from a Paul Castanobo your competition loves George let him do all four hours
Well, guess what during the summertime he does do all four hours pretty much in a lot of days and we do just fine and
Half for years. So there you go, Paulie stuff that in your fat old ass
You
Stephen Young says Norman cash or one of your favorites Norman Duplays
No, not one of my favorites one of fat riches least favorites DNF Duplays do not that did not finish
DNF Duplays
For all you harness racing people never got a word about Aaron Merrimon yesterday. What a you know, it's just amazing
And I realized that most people don't give a crap about horse racing or harness racing especially but it's just just that
South Florida such a narrow
I mean, you know, oh hockey that's a soccer on ice. We don't care about that. Yeah, no matter what it is
They don't know from it all they know about his early bird dinners and freeloading and being angry and
Bat that's it in a place that could use more things to do
This is their attitude. Well, they always say oh, there's so much to do here the golf is great in the
Fishing and the surfing and the snorkeling snorkeling the surfing is sure crap down here
I don't have his waves. We don't have a good waves down here for surf. No, the good waves are in Coco Beach
Gotta go north
Right to Alaska or I love that song Johnny Horton. I know Columbia Records. Yeah, I ain't gonna nor to allow you're not gonna play it
You're not well. I can well don't okay
Don't do it. We've had I think we've
Accomplished miracles here today. I agree and I sure learned a lot before I learned a whole lot about that crack
Burian a little
Headset
Johnny Horton he's still there
He was one swallow guy
And the whole thing with a crackbird it was a pretty interesting experiment. So if that ever happens again
We're prepared right keep that headset like right there handy
It is as a matter of fact all of the the little the little clip on there. Yeah. Oh, that's a shell off a waste
I take mine off anyway, it's the why because it's worthless. I never use that clip
I use the headset all the time and not the stupid little thing that that heads him and that little
That little thing to stick in your ear even on airplanes
Well, what happened to the old headsets these day of an airplanes all they discovered progress
You know when you make it smaller you got to use less materials. Oh, but they got that nasty uncomfortable thing
That you're supposed to stick in your ears. Oh those things those things hurt. Yes
You say the you said the stewie. What do I do with this? You stick it in your ear
And I look right back in there and I throw it at her and say just stick it in your ass
And then she does fits better
Those things are very movey uncomfortable see
Somebody out there who's out of work you want to do something really really
phenomenal and contribute to the human race and make a lot of cash
Design in vent come up with a new
Many heads they have them if you go to um
Like best buy or office depot or something like that they have you know
They have the nice ones with like the really form fitting silicone
Inserts and you buy them and they have different sizes
So you can find the one that fits your ear perfectly and then there you go
I'm so thrilled about the ab rocket showed up upstairs. What does that look like a rocket?
I don't know and I don't care is it red? It's not real all all inexpensive. Is it a red rocket? I don't know
It's a pocket rocket. Oh that makes sense
No because it's one less thing I'm gonna have to deal with here's Mary Taylor
generic soma from our pharmacy no pain. How much?
What what is soma it's a muscle relaxer and tranquilizer a little bit of
I deleted that real fast
339 this morning. I know exactly what time was it I looked at the alarm clock when the thing buzzed
And it was a Betty Smith or Patricia Williams or one of those fake people you talk about fake names in our email. Oh, yeah
These spam emails that's all there are fake names Betty Smith and uh jody jones and whatever
jody jameson
fake names
All of the same crap soft sea Alice
I just can't believe that there are really that many
guys
With limp uh weenies that but I guess there are all ages sizes and descriptions or they wish there were
Yeah, they sure do they wish everybody was limp like a wet noodle
Todd and jean is say I'm not sure if you're a fan of family guy. No, I saw once and I thought it blue
But they referenced and colder last Sunday I laughed until I cried it was a very good episode
The character lowest got a job at Fox News during the tour the facility the Fox guy showed her the
Brake slash lunch area
Lois asks where is the refrigerator
Fox guy says we don't need to refrigerator. We have an colder
He walks over to Anne sitting on the counter opens her legs
You have the sound of a fridge and you see the light shining out of her skirt like a fridge
The Fox guy peers in and says there's never done anything good in here closes her legs and walks away
Go red wings say Todd and jean was a very funny episode. Was it really yeah?
I guess I saw it on the wrong week
Probably it took a little bit of use for today. You missed some revolutionary radio. I'll tell you that yes, and yes indeed it was oh
Wow
I think I was sitting in a strange position during that whole first hour too because my
Package is like all oh twisted curled up now, you know, I'll go ahead and adjust
Tyrone just did okay good. I mean nobody's like watching anyway fake hawk marks is hey
I need an engineer. I just saw one pass by didn't seem to be doing it the important just ask
I believe it
We can start the new qm 790 equipment personnel sharing program as you already know
Dave Lamont was on this morning
He hasn't been mentioned enough to think of him as a serious contender for the morning show
The best clue is who's been given more than just one tryout. You know who Jason Jackson has come an actor
Either way whoever gets it. It's gonna be a soft-flow to retry
How about that?
Neil I know you do the handicapping this is this is really pathetic for Friday's second race
And you actually have got me interested in the racing
This weekend is probably the biggest day in photo horse racing
I've found to go to the Florida Derby this Saturday pretty please can you do a briefing you the field for the Saturday Derby?
No, I can't you may not have won all the races, but your picks seem to be good if I were going for perfected
Tri-factors, etc. shove it up your ass mark the real mark stop by last time we were there
The real mark hawk. Yeah, introduce themselves
Shook our hands said hi get out of here
Orm 790 that the very same
And said what hi how are you
And you said you're fair. I'm sure of something like that I shook his hand and uh, you know
I didn't know the guy now I do yeah, no, that's the fake
What was it the real one or the fake one? Well, it was the real one that showed up
I don't know who you're getting the emails from it could be the real one or the fake one
Maybe the real one sending emails in the fake one is the one that showed up that could be
Neil Rogers. God
Hello, I'm gonna bite off your nuts
A wild horse becomes a bus by finding off some buddies. Let's you better not get my dander up
I'll bite off your nose
Wild horses have a lust for rafting their teeth around and trust your better than twice
I'm messing with us. I'll bite off your nut. I like making a human trick. It doesn't mean I'm gay
Orses have a nasty streak you better stay out of my way
A wild horse will use his chops to bite off your rocks and they do post-op if you want to hold on to what you're got
Better listen to this
All bite off your nuts
1145 at 560 WQAM
Very jackass says hawk is a great guy in a great radio talent
He's the creative force behind the Dan La Bastard show with stooots. He's a big fan of your show
How do you like that? He's a big fan of the show. That's why he keeps sending me all these emails
Right, you're a imaginer and you think it's the fake mark hawk of course
Everybody speak even George Ann who says forgot to mention last night's front line was great
It dealt with a trillion dollar deficit and how bush 43 kept screwing off the economy with tax cuts and more
You can watch it again on pbs.org if it's been mentioned already sorry it hasn't no
I want to thank you. Thank you
Thanks to your Jan I think she's fake. No of course not. Well there you go. See what would you mean of course not? How do you know?
Joey Reynolds
He's fake
The real artist fake the great Vidal lyric king
Yeah
Dave Lamont oh no he's the real one you can show
Thanks to a gentleman Johnny dark Johnny dork I said that you did I didn't hear it. I was all right talking over me. It's all right
That was up 100 you know not only they put the
Stock market numbers in really tiny print at the bottom right hand corner on CNN
But also now they put them in like green so you definitely even if you want to read them you can't you know what I mean?
You know how like certain fluorescent
um
Things are very hard to read if they're in red you know what I mean? Yeah
Well that's what they're doing. I think they're trying to make everybody look at that oil is almost 54 bucks a barrel
It is now. It's a little 54 and a something
Damn ragheads are squeezing it again squeezing and squeezing and squeezing
And the loony's 81.71 that's not good but that's not all that bad
stays down there near 80 cent. I'll be I'll be fine
And that court is man putting a pressure on for that check doesn't he know that I hate that?
No, I think you might know though
What I don't like being pressed for money. I don't like when somebody says oh when you're gonna send me that check that
Especially when I don't owe him anything I owe him nothing
I just invented those checks is a way of saying thanks for doing the bedtime stories and here's a few bucks
Now that's all in my right. Okay. There was never any contractual or or even non-contract there
Where there was never any discussion about it? I don't know what was discussed or what was going in your head so
Nothing what was going on in my head. I don't know
Probably not much
Remember we had the story about
George Weber the ABC radio newsman who got killed yes
By some hustler
Yes, and emotionally disturbed 16-year-old is confessed to killing ABC radio newsman George Weber and his Brooklyn apartment last Friday
And what appears to be rough sex gone very wrong rough sex gone very wrong
But that was up on 75
The teen's name isn't being released but cops tracked him down via Weber's email and cell phone records and he reportedly confessed to the crime early this morning
We hit Bruno to tag you four o'clock this morning
Yeah
Weber had placed a craigslist ad looking for rough sex
He saw the victims ad looking for violent sex and said I can smother somebody for 60 bucks
But it got out of hand as sort of said I can smother somebody
The teen admittedly stabbed Weber but couldn't remember how many times because he blanked out during the violent drug fuel to solve
I see it was an ass-all
Details are still sketchy, but uniformly horrifying
New York Post says that the suspect told police that Weber pulled a knife on him
He took it and stabbed the former radio newscaster
Weber apparently fought back and wounded his killer but ended up stabbed dozens of times with his ankles bound with duct tape
Always good to have a role of duct tape around yeah, no, it's not apparently
Well, not good for a Weber but great
Good for the stabby yes, not a stab in the one
Take a stab at it. Oh here's the now here's the definite fake
The fake team defeatus
High near the risk of pissing you off. I have to agree with Rick Shaw and the others whoever the others are
The phone calls are a vital element missing from your show. Well, you know what you don't like to show Jim
Fats-o don't listen or anybody else
Unlike George. I do enjoy the emails, but the phone calls add something to the show that is now missing
Yeah, an aggravation lots and lots of aggravation grief
Cyrus
I do agree with a sentiment that George is getting a little out of control has been a surly contrarian lately
He's a fine board operator and producer who cares if he likes the inside radio emails or not
Inside radio emails my ass
See that the inside radio it was a substitute for fake
In that case
Yeah, the listeners are listening to hear the near-roger show not George Rodriguez. Oh, he's just taking shots at everybody
Right, I also agree with the prevailing sentiment that the sports radio format is unsaturated
I think he might mean oversaturated. He says unsaturated like polyunsaturated olive oil. Oli Oliva get by any
Oh my god, you know, I walk the the fact that he didn't get shot for that performance and godfather three
Well, I got a thing here that's going to kill some great time. Oh, baby. I better not forget it. I have a lot of emails
From Yahoo the Yahoo movies editorial staff created a handy checklist to track the hundred movies you must see before you die
Network is on there by the way. I'm going to read the whole list excellent
Hundred movies you must see before you die
It says here
I also agree with the prevailing sentiment that the sports radio format is unsaturated meaning obviously oversaturated Jim
You fat turd the market is missing local talk radio and there a lot of us looking for work
deregulation killed the radio star
regards Jim
Is now what I said when we had deregulation was going to kill the business
I said it and it went happened
Not that I'm always pressured because if I was I wouldn't have lost all that money in the market several years ago
If I knew what that was if I knew it was a scam and a Ponzi game
If I knew what I know now I wouldn't have invested the dime
Over the dials up 166 points Neil yeah
Now I don't want to say that there are people who are a little bit behind
Today is Wednesday March 25th, right? Yeah
On the email it shows you the time that it was sent
Wednesday March 25th 11.09 a.m
Got that within the audit
Todd and Gina and the subject
fatal attraction that's all it says fatal attraction
Todd and Gina are telling us the name of the movie we're talking about how many days ago was that we couldn't
think of the name of the movie what movie fatal attraction oh that one
I mean talk about a delayed reaction a little bit
delayed reaction to fatal attraction
God
Then that's just sad is what that is sad really sad
Good Golly miss my 309 on the pool and we got five people don't have a cell phone
Can you imagine not having a cell phone not anymore no
I mean when you stop and think about it there there are certain
Things that we have now
Yeah, but once upon a time like television
I can remember before we had tv because I'm an old fart
Right
So how do you live without television how can we live without cell phones computer without radio once upon a time once upon a time
Radio was really important part of our lives and computers computers. Oh my god. Are you smitten me?
God
GPS
Mm-hmm PPS
Tom says newt gingrich was on tabbest smiley plug in his american solutions for winning the future nonsense
And it goes on and on and on yeah, okay
boring I don't want to hear about newt e gingrich old news stale
stale and old
In the past year what's the biggest the longest time you've been without your cell phone a few hours a hundred a day
90 I've never been without my cell phone 52. That's me. I got this blackberry. It just
glued to my ass a
Week 36 a month 26 don't have a cell phone six out of 312. Oh
I think I think what we ought to do is buy a cell phone for everybody who wants one can't afford it
When that be nice gesture. I don't mean us. I mean the station
Beasley's
You think that would be a good idea an excellent idea
And then we could get some great calls from those people too right when you do the show
Or something you know we were driving back yesterday me and my caddy
And the highway was all jammed up so we came through um through the city
And on king street there were like I don't know how many quiznos we passed the whole bunch of them
Every few blocks there was another one
And now everybody's gonna say thank goodness for the new quiznos delivery. I think I want to start having delivery um
Any down the year not every day, but you know once in a while. That does a great idea
This is coach daren chuler and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-1 hour or whatever it is
He's going for three and yes
Three bears at once with a new march madness beer funnel
The only collegiate beer bomb capable of power forwarding 36 ounces of alcohol down your throat in a matter of seconds
Now that's a slam dunk
Be the ultimate bleachers creature with the march madness beer funnel
Party foul not endorsed by the NCAA well
It's 12 million at five sixty w.d. Kim the little hands about to the big hand
You know what that means lunchtime? Yeah, lunchtime. Let me call quiznos and get a sub order
Sounds good though, but a little bit too late
Little bit too late and because in maybe 45 minutes and we're gonna start getting all dressed up all you know
Ready to go
Ready to rock and roll
All right
Kenny grahamers says hey, it's not so bad sounds a little bit different. This is back when we're doing our on the phone thing
See we're gonna get a lot of this now because the oldest stuff is at the bottom of the pile. That's okay. I don't mind doing that
Just tune in and took a moment before I could definitely identify you only the mid ranges coming in
There I say it sounds slightly more intimate
Like we were actually having a phone conversation. Oh, intimate should have been doing sound or real
But by no means am I suggesting this is better just different
As far as you're waiting against management wqm just talked on March 25th 2009 as living breathing evidence
That's the one I was referring to okay. Can't play this one on them. This was AT&T
So don't go blame in QA and management. Okay, just because they're incompetent most of the time
Doesn't mean that they were responsible for today's
Fowl up
screw up
Nightmare
All in green lines all real pretty when they're all lit up like that in a row. It's a real pretty thing
Yeah, it's a comforting sight to see
Kind of like when Ray Perry waddles in
You know one of the things I've noticed it would find a lot of the old people they waddle they shuffle yeah, there's a model they drag their feet
Do they yep lift up your feet. Ah takes effort
Speaking to English
Yeah, a lot of people on waddle and some of the people they waddle from
Side to side you know what I mean?
Right hard to explain that's what you see like a duck
Yeah, like like like one step the right side of the body goes up and the other side goes down and like vice vice versa like there's zigzagging as there was yeah, that's right zigzag
And what kind of a candy bar is zigzag? I haven't had it in a long time. It's a rolling paper
No, I'm not talking about that. There's a candy bar zigzag
Zagna that's what you're thinking. I think oh
zigzagna zigzagna
I think you're nuts. It's the candy bar you can smoke yeah zigzag my ass
Rolling papers for what I'm making some cigarette yeah, yeah, I'm gonna roll my cigarette. That's what I always tell them
You know something in Europe. There are a lot of guys that do roll their own cigarette. Oh, yeah for fun
No for cheap. Oh
I'm not seeing this so it's all tobacco in there, but they they roll them I've seen it. I'm stood on. Mm-hmm. Of course there's a lot of shlippers there, you know
Lons and shlippers
Zisco says at the risk of getting George pissed off at me. Why don't you just start wood buying Wednesday
If this show is gonna sound like crappy when it's about making sound like crap from outside your place
If you get this connected just call back you can put your cabbie on long the way or just let George do the show
You could be on the toilet now for all we know. Let me hear you flush it. I did flush it. Oh, that's earlier. Why would I get pissed off at that? Zisco
He's
Uphillated on now really goofy don't try don't be civil way now, too. Oh, I chase everybody do
Here's one that says look at the history of the great Miami Commission
One Miami arena. They still owe to 114 million dollars on it before was imploded
Two American Airlines arena nobody goes there either those bright yellow seats had to be changed
Because when they televised the games those empty seats were an eye sore
Like the fleets that are in Boston. They the same thing bright yellow seats
And three now the biggest ways to tax many of them all they're using public money to build this dating with the bed tax
I don't know if they were aware that nobody is traveling
How's it going to get funded this is the biggest con job ever and we're going to get screwed on this F the Marlins says to somebody
With a phone number no name
F the Marlins
Joe Howard says oh, Joe Howard David
Ha ha ha ha ha
Woo
Joe Howard David again like that
It's great. Hey, Neil my daughter in fifth grade has been selected as winner in these scholastic book clubs
Deer Master President contest
She along with 15,000 others across the nation wrote a letter to the president
Although I'm proud of her achievement that is not the reason I'm writing to you
In her letter to president Obama she mentions that she's got a problem with the pledge of allegiance
Every day she recites the pledge along with their fellow students
But she does not say the words under God
Since president Obama recognized atheist Americans. He wants to know that her current pledge does not include all Americans
She also wrote about problems with schools pollution etc
But my satisfaction with her is not being automatically this qualified because of her beliefs
Thanks to real citizens such as Robert new now who pushes the same argument to the course and others
Who have argued my daughter's beliefs and thoughts
Maybe these Obama years have released some potential
You sound a lot different on the phones as Joe Howard David not to be confused with
No Howard David
Did I got a great article here about the Pope
Do I have time before the break you bet good
Let me make sure yeah, I got time. Let me put on my time. They put on my Pope story. Listen to that. Okay
It's written by Theo Telcut on the smircling chimp
He says the Catholic Church would just stop offering sex tips or edicts for a century or two
Really all credibility on sexual issues is gone and the reactionary ignorant public policy and dangers humanity's long-term survival
On a recent tour in Africa Pope Benedict says that condoms were not the answer to Africa's AIDS problem and could make the problem worse
This is a sinful lie that will cause death to poor people
Every time there's a big international
Conference on world population the Catholic Church has been there and blocked birth control
If the earth ends up in an overpopulated hell the infallible popes will be partially to blame
And any would village in Alaska recently sued the church for sending a known pedophile priest to serve their community
See it's a theme the Catholic Church is unhealthy about sexual issues and needs to stop screwing up public policy
The church should either shut up or get help and become healthy the Catholic Church
Could hire a consulting team of modern experts and healthy sexual human behavior and just adopt the recommendations
Seriously will forgive you just apologize and rebrand and join the 21st century
And pay the pedophile lawsuits by selling some of that land and billions of dollars worth of silverware
The Catholic Church has been unhealthy about sexual issues since a demanded priest couldn't marry
So that the church would inherit the property of the aristocratic aristocratic brethren
This gambit worked on the Church is the world's biggest landowner but it's left an organization be followed by scandal
As our cane is this history sounds that affects real people's lives
Just a few weeks ago a friend went looking for condoms in Calcutta and they couldn't find them
She was trying to help a young Indian woman acquire them to protect her and her lover
She had a search high and low
They were very very difficult to find and the pharmacist was reluctant to sell them to her because she was a woman
This is madness
Calcutta needs free condoms to be as common as cows in the street as our environment all our environmental problems are made much more difficult by the
Surging growing of world population
Calcutta is where mother Teresa did such saintly work all the while supporting the church and sexual rules
Mother Teresa did great work helping the poor after they were already born
And poor but didn't act to turn off the flood of the spigot
And that was the him that was immoral of mother Teresa
It is immoral to force the world's poor people to have babies
They can't support properly
But hey, thanks for helping with the problem that you help create
The Pope and system prudish lectures to the world about the ins and outs of doing it
As a monastic Catholic the Pope probably gave up sex with women many years ago
And so probably there's not much experience with condoms
That's okay, but don't teach about what you don't know. I would never lecture people on the proper way to fix a car's engine
The Christian community has long been plagued by false morality on sexual issues by taking easy high-horse stances on difficult issues
Christian side with the past society and the powerful
But complex moral issues have two sides and sometimes we need to pick the lesser of the two evils
P. Marital sex with condoms is better than unplanned pregnancy any day
It's a false morality that stops contraception
It claims to high moral ground but hurts the poor the stop condoms approach seeks to prevent sex
The mostly harms the vulnerable
Stopping abortion may protect the living fetus
But robes women of reproductive rights that give them self-determination
forcing young women to bear babies. They don't want is more immoral than abortion
In all these issues the minor moral benefit of the prudish approach is outweighed by the harm caused to the innocent
And when did ignorance of the human reproductive pipes become a sacred value
An unscientific willful ignorance is the enemy of a sustainable world civilization
We have 50 odd years of scientific research into sexuality to help us with these murky topics
No need to listen to the Pope on this issue
Fundamentalist Christians have long poshured as protectors of a
Prudish heterosexual hegemony
Jesus said don't worry about the spectrosautos in your neighbor's eye when you have a log in your own eye
We've got bigger fish to fry than people making love before marriage planetary survival
Global warming over population aids endless wars outdated authoritarian secret societies
I always marvel that Christians dig in on sexual issues and the outrageous that they'll get worked up about
Really sexy don't approve of that's the issue worth going to activist for not quantum or modern-day slavery or famine
Cuz by export crops or the broken sky
I think they choose sex issues to jump on because it seems an easy to explain
Cultural issue and doesn't rock the pro corporate boat
Dear Catholic friends, I apologize for mocking things you hold sacred
I do it because you need it and we need you to regain your moral clarity for the healing of the world
Planetary survival depends on family planning that makes it moral
It is immoral for the Catholic Church to kill the planet from over population because of failure to adopt modern approaches to family planning
Maybe Catholic family non-planning methods work to refill the pews, but today those methods are a danger to everyone
Condoms should be a sacrament as they honor life-help
Responsibility intelligence and care for the poor maybe in a few years the Pope
Be blessing cargo planes that condoms heading for Africa
Can you see that the Pope heading oh yeah?
Oh, but you really can you know rural hotdog? No, that's right. He don't speak any any he's speaking in joy man
It's Nazi Pope with a silly red shoes
All new religions man your killers killers since the beginning of time
It's what they do best sure
Keep people stupid and overpopulating
And coming to bring their last pesos to the church put a little something in the plate baby a little something something
Then we all want a little something some sure that's what I'm hoping to win this afternoon a little something some
few grand
That would be grand maybe I'll play the
What were they called the mega bucks the one that's like three million bucks right now I think okay
Why not sure? I mean if you're gonna you know, we're gonna sit there and put money in the machine you might as well
That's right. Yeah, I mean you got no chance of winning. It's like the lotto. There's no chance you're gonna win it
But every time you hit the button there, you know the chances
Slim but there's a big big pot waiting at the end of the rainbow. Oh, I suppose to like you know 10 bucks
Like the new wheel of fortune. Oh, I got three sevens 10 bucks. What we do? What we do looks nice on there
How about two sevens you know what two sevens is seven seven seven yeah
So
It's a radio station that many of us will never forget I
Still I know we've done it a long time ago
We need to do that pull about the greatest AM station of all time
Okay, you don't think you don't like that. I do
Do you I think the local stations will have a you know an advantage?
Well, what local AM station would have a chance except QAM?
i.o.d
W.i.o.d is the greatest radio station of all time. No, I didn't say that
W i o d is the greatest w i o d. Oh, I hate that station. Amen, but for a time there and a lot of people's minds
No, are you gonna start they all gonna go back with that
Randy and Phil and Neil and Rick and Spud are guys oh
Okay
That made it the greatest AM station of all time. That's what a lot of people are gonna think. Yeah, well, they're full of crap
You'll see we also had Chris Baker and Joey Reynolds we had an when we had the garden guy
We had a lot of crap on your way to make smeg green Chris Rollins don't go uh, you know blast in Chris Rollins. Oh, that's right. Shouldn't blast Chris Rollins
I don't think I ever met Chris Rollins. Did I was a good guy? What's he nice guy? Yes, I'm what about smeg green all about all about plants and nothing about
Broadcasting if you didn't turn his microphone on good luck really, but he's a really really nice guy
He didn't really work this show. Yeah, a lot you worked a plank eye show. I worked everybody. Wow, that explains a lot
And he was a really nice guy. He didn't pretend to know anything about broadcasting well
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking hey y'all it's pretty again on my blog
Well, I'm still on the road and I oh
Hey dad, what's up honey? I got your grids Kevin called and you're
Signing out, okay, I can't believe it. I have to call Kevin back
Anyways, the last city we went to we
Excuse me, Britney go ahead Tyrone. Oh, he's on my security detail y'all
There's cameras everywhere and he watches everything. It's great
Oh, I'm she someone's at the gate
Oh
Showing
Oh
Let me stuff it back in thanks London that could have been really embarrassing
Oh, yeah, you know you haven't played that
Nothing today
VJJ yeah
Now that I can recall no, I did not play it today. You mean I got to look for it now and find it
I hey, I need a VJJ a day. Okay, one moment, please
I can't have only got two decks here, you know, no, I know how many you got two
But mine work right
Yeah, those have got some issues there servo on you know, I would be really nice
I could have already played this thing if it would there is this portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears
VJJ it's hanging out y'all
Oh, but that last bit that new one is I think it's got that one beat all or you can't you can't beat this portion of the show brought to you by
Britney Spears VJJ
It's hanging out y'all
Nigel says I use F streamed listen to you know Roger show on my iPhone
It's free from the app store and get the streaming link just go to the new Roger's listen page
You used the link that begins with mms. I hope this helps
Thank you. You do you understand that? Yes, I have people with I don't even know what language he's speaking the people with iPhones out to people to understand that
No, I don't have no iPhone neither do I never the less. I don't want no iPhone. I'm real happy with my crackburn. I'm happy with my dash
Rich Pactors says you stab it all this is a old stuff. Oh boy
From yesterday really yeah
He says you stab it off as across the street in the Washington federal building and eight at the German deli all the time in late 70s mr. Dunderdacks
Rich Pactor the Pactor factor the mall is still there more or less with the target in other stores
Not sure about the deli though. We'll have to re-cannoy to her next time. I'm down there. Finally spy report
Peace out says you're a good friend rich Pactor and you wonder why him in the chicken. I hate each other
I don't don't they hate each other. I don't think so. Or was it him and Paul Harvey Jr
Him and Paul Harvey Jr. at all
Right real or imaginary and I was not kind of shocking you
I'm not sure what you're hearing from a Paul Harvey Jr. with in minutes. We have not and will not we will
And let me say it again
I came to a conclusion yesterday
That I think you have a very good point and that is the fake Rick Sanchez sent me a whole thing about
Certain unmentionable people on the year that I'm not gonna waste my time people on a station that nobody knows where it is or what it's all about
Mm-hmm, and I deleted it immediately if not sooner. Good play. They will never cross my lips again on the year. We're probably off the year
Dennis's I've been listening to you for several years. I'm now 40 years old
Don't always get the chance to listen, but I do several times a week
Can you answer a question that's been bugged me for several years is it true? You killed the bird by choking him with your worm
Thanks Dennis
Wow
Is that sad or what I'm stunned? Yeah, that must be the a fake Johnny dark. Yeah obsessed with the bird the bird's been dead for a long long time right
Many many years let him rest in peace
Here's that Yahoo movies editorial staff list the hundred movies to see before you die
I mean a hundred sounds like an awful lot, but it don't look like that challenging on the you know to read it
And it's got alphabetical and also numerical zero to nine twelve angry men two thousand on a space Odyssey four hundred blows and eight and a half
Oh, what about ten thousand whatever with the what's his name
10,000 what maniacs no 10,000 BC. Oh, I know I watched that again. Don't ask me why it was on the table
Oh and just like to satisfy myself with the same size Steven straight right to satisfy myself that it was as bad as I thought it was
Watched it to satisfy yourself and it was
Bad yes, I recorded it off. I had pvr. I really wanted it to be good because I like it
I watched about two minutes of it. I saw that he had all that you know the eighth man here and all other stuff and you know
So what's the big deal with that?
Nothing
Steven straight he probably is the best looking guy who's ever born but nevertheless
So if he showed up looking like that all covered with mud you to hose. I clean him up. Yeah, I bet
I would
There there's a lot of folks. They just need a bath and shave
Including some women. Amen. Okay. Here's the hundred movies to see before you die including the ones I just gave you with the numbers
You ready ready pay attention
The African Queen alien all about Eve Annie Hall Apocalypse now battle of Algiers the bicycle thief blade runner blazing saddles blow up
Blue velvet Bonnie and Clyde breathless the bridge and the river quiet bringing up baby
Butch Cassidy in the Sundance kid because of Blanca Chinatown citizen Kane crouching tiger hidden dragon
Die hard do the right thing double in them to the doctor strange love duck soup
ET the extraterrestrial enter the dragon the exorcist
Fast times of rich mud high the French connection the godfather and the godfather port two
Oh, and guess what oh, and you made me take the disc out of there damn you uh huh
You see how I am just so we can hear about Britney's
Vaget J can't hear about it enough. Well, no, I got some new droppings here from chicken. I knew dropping this new droppings. Yeah
New droppings from the bird
Did you really kill the bird and Johnny darts as you did this to the bird? That's an accident, but nobody was hurt
Hey, come on, hey kid, ladies up. You never know you might have to cook for 20 guys someday. Excellent
You see you start out with a little bit of water and you fry some garlic
Then you throw in some tomatoes
Throw in the tomato paste you fry to make sure it doesn't stick
You got to throw the bird your shoving all your sausage in your meatballs
A little bit of wine sugar and a little bit of sugar and it's my trick once you cut the crap
I got more important things for you to do. How's Paulie? Oh Paulie won't see them anymore
And they got an old-fashioned toilet you know the box and then then the uh the chain thing yeah
Anyway, let's get back to the list good audio on those drops
Excellent excellent job chicken heck godfather one and two gold finger the good the bad and the ugly good fellows the graduate grand illusion ground
Howdy day a hard day's night in the mood for love it happened one night. It's a wonderful life
jaws king Kong the lady Eve Lawrence of a rabie lord of the rings
M
Mashed the multi-spell in the matrix modern times money python on a holy grail
National ampune's animal house network
Nozfaratu
On the waterfront one flew over to kuku's nest
Pats of glory princess mom how you say that mononoki?
Okay, yes, mononoki when she was kind of holy Loki princess mononoki psycho
Pulp fiction raging bull raiders of the lost dark raise of the red lantern rasha man
We're window rebel without the cause rocky roman holiday saving private Ryan chindler's list the searchers
Seven sammy ride the shashank redemption silence of the lambs singing in the rain snow white in the seven dwarfs
Some like it hot sound of music star wars Sunset Boulevard
Terminator two judgment day the third man that was a joseph cotton by the way
Yes, this is spinal tap Titanic to kill a mocking bird toy story the usual suspects vertigo when Harry met Sally wild strawberries
Wings of desire the wizard of eyes women on the verge of nervous breakdown and the world of a poo
I say poo to that what what is that the world of a poo never heard of it
That's an accident, but nobody was hurt. Oh, that's what it is
Oh, I'm looking at look at the time
Good tank powered David's a bitch
Oh
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Hey everybody
What the dance they play going who's done
Oh,
Oh,
There a check in fan and shuffle across the flow
And they enjoy
Yeah,
Oh,
Oh,
So it was a toy
It was a toy
It was a toy
It was a toy
It was a toy
It was a toy
Hey,
It's a toy
It's a toy
I said to the big shadow
I was just doing that
I was seeing him
Everyone was waking up
What are you doing all day shopping for jelly shoes
I'm over here
I am over here
I am over here
I am over here
We're so out
I'm over here
Oh, guess who died another baseball death
Oh, no, Johnny Blanchard, Xankee Ketcher
Ah
He died early this morning about heart attack at home in Wazata
At the age of 76
Minnesota, I guess
I don't know where the hell's Wazata
I'll look it up
Waz down the road
W-A-Y-Z-A-T-A
Wazata
That was up only 138 now
It's starting to give back
He gave back some of the gains, you know, as they say
All those cliches they used
Minnesota, like he said
Blanchard was a close friend
And competent of Hall of Fame teammate Mickey Maddle
Well, they probably saw each other naked
Wouldn't surprise me
But now he's dead
How old was he? 76
That's not all that old 76
It's almost 77
I think that's my goal
I want to live to be 77
Okay
Oh, look at this, I'd like to place the below recruitment ad with your media
Do you get any of those?
All the time
What is that?
Just more spam
Oh, I've got a stiff neck from doing a show on that cell phone
Were you like holding it with your shoulders?
I was holding it with my neck
Okay
You know how people do
No, I was sitting in a bad, awkward position, I guess
I don't know
I'm just trying to come up with an excuse to take off the neck star
I'm not going to do it
You seem to be all going to hope
No, no, listen, I was sympathetic to your situation
I didn't know how cumbersome it was for you
Or if you were hating life right at the moment
And I was just, no, I was not here
I thought, I thought, I thought, I think when those things happen
It's kind of fun, I don't want to tap into a lot
But right, I agree with you
I was just thinking about you, dad
Well, thanks son
I mean, if you think that I'd rather do the show than rather than you, then you're crazy
Well, at least you take some calls
Take some crap
Take some calls, come on, George
George, not today though
Right, I took one, you
No, that's where I George took a great call
By the way, by the way, by the way, great call
Thank you for making your call
Don't be chronic now
Thank you for taking my call
Yeah
That's one of my favorite lines of all
Thank you for taking my call, hang up and listen
Oh, brother
Just tragic
This whole talk radio thing, man
What a farce this has been
And leave it to me to kind of like change gears and get on a different highway
And go zip it down the highway with a different whole game plan
Mike says tell Joe Bell to get a sped ass in line before the Dave County Commission
To get some of the free money they passed out yesterday
Last time I checked the Florida Marlins are a business just like you and Vs. They broadcasting
Maybe Jolly Jogan get them to build a new studio with taxpayer money
I don't think so
I don't think Jolly Jogan's got any clout
For the politicians in day, do you?
No
Sure got a pretty big pile out of this is old stuff though now
Scott and Pinellas Park who is a chronic good one though
He's all right
He says this is yesterday since I voted for Richard Simmons I now want to switch it to our governor
It's no secret the real reason he tied the knot was so hopefully get the VP
Next to Gramps McCain didn't work did it how that work out Scott?
Just unbelievable Charlie Chris you ferry
I mean the fact that he's fooling anybody is just so so insane to me
Rob says Stern is a talentless hose bag compared to you not entertaining not clever just not
Robin Michigan thanks for the suck job Rob
He's right
Yeah
How come he's making a hundred million year and I'm you know
That's one of life's great mysteries
Representation might be one factor but I think there's more than one
Representation you don't think I got a bad agent do you?
It's busy going back on here again this weekend on that bogus station
Right there's also being in the right place at the right time
You know little things like that
I would not say in my wildest dreams that Howard's talentless that would be just
He sure used to be funny as hell I'll take your word for it and then he started mailing it in
I'm telling you long before I ever started listening
Well when you know well you got to hear anything else Robin and he also
Robin then already talking about his drug problem that's you know terminal
Nobody did a great interview with Blackie with what's his name who's Blackie what's the kid?
John Stamos oh see you I'm the one that has to come up with that crap because I don't know how
He used to be hot that was Blackie he used to be Blackie on General Hospital John Stamos General Hospital
I didn't say you did all right Rick Springfield was on that show too and so was Richie Simmons
Yes he was on General Hospital well I wonder if he was chasing Rick Springfield around I know I should probably
I sure would have been I just chased him till I caught him
This one says don't know how you feel about Sean Penn
But I saw milk last night with a wife and I would have to say I have to say
He was very good in a very good movie you should check it out about Harvey Milk
Hey Harvey oh
PS Bluebell ice cream is amazing in my humble opinion try cookies and cream
Just what I need is you know more more pushing on a bluebell ice cream I don't need any more ice cream
Oh and I had another oh I had a pint of ice cream from the little Chinese market again and again it was
It had been thawed and re-frozen
I should take it over there and say hey maybe no speaking English but you speak it in this language and just dump it on her head
I don't need the freezer compartment you know the juice went out overnight one day
And then they just they just plugged it back in and re-frozen everything they don't care
They don't care they got stuff in that store when you look at the expiration date it's got like 1802
I mean there's there's like pasta sauce in there to expiration date 2003
When you buy stuff that was like six years old I might I'm a schlepper just let you know it's actual the is Dennis says this one and not to take whoever
No disrespect to the show and you but George has got nothing on the bird
Thanks for reading that on the show I got a good excuse for you to take off the next hour though
Why don't you head to the nearest oh I see that's cute very amusing
Why do you find it hard to believe oh I see a poll who do you find it hardest to believe is married to a member of the opposite sex
Poll suggestion beast Josh Darrow he's not married yet Tommy Cruz George Rodriguez need more names
Bad poll you think please
395 votes on the current poll in the past year what's the longest time you've been without your cell phone a few hours
128 a day 109 have never been without my cell phone 68 a week 44 a month 31 don't have a cell phone
15
I'm Chris Madgers play hardball at MSNBC I feel as giddy as a coward schoolgirl who's wearing a skirt
And those scrappy thigh-highs and the wind just blew over my coachy
Ha ha even though the economy is decimal and I run things to be crambling I feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old girl going to see twilight
Ha ha ha welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to hunt bar got our Malawi and porn
Robert Nadelian Chrysler and Richard Wagon of a GF welcome the program gentlemen let's start with you Richard didn't know if you realized that you actually named after a station wagon
That's nice name's Wagon yeah, it's like a station wagon. That's funny. No, no, I think it's funny. Maybe not a percent to him anyway
Let's go to you. I was don't you think it's funny to Richard Wagon his last name is actually from station wagon
I think I know comedy anyway. What are you doing in elephant with three balls? You're welcome in pinching and giraffe anyway
Let's get you Robert Nadelian Chrysler grab it. I'm gonna ask you about the Richard Wagon and name reference. I'm not gonna trade a curveball on hardball
Why is it in June guys flew on private jets into get your big bail out money?
Don't you think that says the American people screw you? I think it's not a say screw you American people
Well, I don't get me wrong. I'm a big believer in spend spend spend but that's kind of crazy right?
Well, I'm sorry. I wish I had a private plane that way people wouldn't over here to stupid things I say while traveling I'm asked trans it
Why is you back to you over that Richard Wagon?
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time get it station wagon. Hey, are you wearing any wood pedaling on your side?
Anyway, let's talk about the big bail out you guys think you deserve. Well, thank you.
Go ahead. I jump go ahead. I'm trying to get an answer out of you. How do you feel about the bailout?
Yes, I do really think go ahead. Go ahead.
Go ahead. What I'm trying to say but that's Robert Nadelian the same question. Nadelian wait a minute. Just hit me.
You can't let me sound like I'm back in Rowley. I think I had some vodka sauce and not daily last night.
Don't you think it's funny? I'm here. I'm telling you it's funny. Miss Barbara Stanwick they can't where we first saw a million dollar man rightly made just funny.
Listen, we're not done listening to you. Maybe no back talk to house. Turn it tomorrow on my special desk to beat the priest that ran by the prostitute. That's funny.
Chris Matthews played hot ball. I miss them.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a
hah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
some of this stuff. Whoa. You ready for that? I am. Because we got an hour and 12 minutes
to kill. The emails are like down to a crawl. Neil at neorodges.com. He goes emails coming.
I'll start writing something now. No, you won't. I know. Dan says Dickie Vibit was funny.
You know how all that Dickie Vibit is? Older than a thoo's low. Yeah. Somebody needs
to tie his hands around his back when he's on TV. It's like he's waving in an airliner.
Whatever that means. I don't know what that means. I don't care. Dickie Vibit is a funny
but it's old. Now did I play that because DA had him on the ear or something like that?
That's exactly why that's exactly why. Oh my God. We had Dickie V on this station. Yes.
He's not as annoying as Pierre McGuire but he's almost... Now he's more annoying.
Pierre McGuire. Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa. Oh my God.
These guys who talk like they're getting paid by the word. These people are evil. They're
part of the asses of evil. For 101 votes on the pool on the new pool. That's not so bad.
You know not too shabby. We'll take it. Not great. Not like 45,000 like they when they take a
poll across the street with those losers. We could have whatever results we want to have.
That's right. We could have four million votes on there. And so can anyone else. They then don't
show you how many they've got. That's right. They just pretend they make up a number and they say,
oh well George Sennano got 24,000 votes on his put. Yeah. Let's see it.
Let me tell you right now. Anybody that takes polls and just shows percentages and doesn't
show you the number of votes they're lying. They're like Jimmy Sifilittic. There's another one.
What's he used to do the same thing? Only his polls will be under for like a month. What's the
best we need in town? I guess footy turnout to be the best we need in town. What a turd.
Cute. What? Good line.
What is what is happening to you? I'm I'm hearing this before my very ears. What? I don't know.
You just last week or so strange. All right. I mean, you've always been strange. Then again,
aren't we all? Whatever you say stranger than usual. Whatever you say.
Yeah. You don't think? No. Pretty weak on these emails.
All here's one. Just want to find those Mickey bet, bet, bets. Thank you. Have a good. I'm your
friend. That's it. They're not lost. Yeah. They're not lost and we're not playing them. I'm your
friend. It says. Great. Well, I asked and I'm getting they're out of material for the day. It's
all right. Don't forget to join George Friday. 10 to 2 at Gulf Stream for the big show.
Right. And Steve Sloan who you know, it's one thing to push a little bit, but when you push too hard,
remember that song by the seeds you're pushing too hard. Remember that? That's Steve Sloan. He's a
good guy, but he he sends me the form. And why he's doing on Wednesday. I have no idea.
The racing form for the first and second race Friday. Because I'm going to be there. We're betting
both. We went through this before. Yeah. But that was up on 20 losing its bluster. And that's no
bluster. Remember Mr. Bluster from Howdy Doody? No. Well, why not? Just because you're not 100 years
old like me. Hi there, Mr. Doody. Mr. Doody. That Buffalo Bob. He's still dead by the way,
Buffalo Bob Smith. And you know, the interesting part of it is no. He was from Buffalo. Coincidence? No.
I mean, there are guys, you know, like with fake names like that. But Buffalo Bob, he was the
original. He was a Buffalo guy. Well, hi there, Mr. Doody. I wonder if the kids caught on when they
were moving and how he was speaking. I think the kids probably caught on was he one of those
one or what? Like a bad ventriloquist. Well, you didn't see it on camera. No, I didn't.
When Howdy was talking just saw Howdy Doody with the ice in and then that was I think that was the only
puppet show where you saw the strings. You know what I mean? Right. Like Cook's a friend in
Oli. Of course, those weren't puppets. They were sock puppets. Right. Those are puppets. Howdy Doody
was a Marionette. Oh, I actually excuse me. Those are puppets. Correct. And what about
senior wenches? Oh, he did all kinds of things. I don't know what you call that. The blips.
Tick-tick. Sawdy. Sawdy. Sawdy. He was good. He was funny. He was I saw him in person. I told you,
it's your key up at the palace theater. And what's he? All right. New York. He was all right. He was
really. Oh, right. Yeah. Judy Garland and senior wenches was the opening act for Judy Garland.
I was just a little kid. During your show last Friday, you stayed at the basketball was invented
in Canada. Well, yes and no says somebody. Reese. According to Wikipedia, it was invented by a frog
named Dr. James Nasemith, a Canadian PE professor from McGill University of Montreal. You know who
went to McGill University? No. William Schatner. Okay.
Yeah. Well, he was at biography a couple of minutes ago. And he talked about how he got beat up
as a kid because he was Jewish. However, the first basketball court was at Springfield College.
The game was played December 1891 in Springfield, mass. And I'm sure was broadcast in WQIM
with clearance and Joe is a gag gag gag gag gag. Don't forget one thing. What?
Jersey gaggy sucks. Okay. Wikipedia also says that volleyball was first played near Springfield
in the town of Holyoke. Holyoke mass. Just FYI if anybody really gives a cure. Okay. Thanks,
his Reese. Well, thanks, Reese. So Canadian guy invented basketball, but the first actual court
was in Springfield, mass. What a scam that used to be WBZ and WBZA Boston Springfield. They
could cover the western part of the state in the daytime. That would be to BZ.
And then the FCC one day said, you know what? This isn't kosher. How do we ever agree to this?
And they said, take that thing down, man. Shut it off. Now, when's our new power power come?
I'll let you know when I know. Oh my God. We won't you won't have to let me know because
somebody will call and say, Hey, guess what? We can actually hear you now. You ought to somebody.
I am born a spadler. Since fearless leader has won the Tasha in I know long to have to look for a
motion squatter. Instead, we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour.
Hi, I'm Joey D, formerly of Joey D in the Starlight. I'm also founder of the Rock and Roll
Rest Hall where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars. You've loved
so much in the past, but whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies.
Stars like Mr. D. Clark over here.
You can plainly see why we need your help. Over here we have Danny Lopez, who sang rhythm for
the govones. Every now and then I try to help them out. It's okay, Danny. It's okay, come down. I will help you.
We show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Surf City.
Our email address is brunswick.swine. For more information, just call 844-5789. Thank you.
101 at 560 WQAM. I was thinking of playing a whole bunch of jingles. Really? I was looking at
about that 77. Well, as a matter of fact, I got an email from somebody. Stacy, she said,
sing along with you. 77. WABC that hits her on us. So that inspired me to start looking up
to 8BC. Go, go, go. CKW. Golden. Solid gold hits. Straight from the gold mine. 77. Solid gold ABC.
Well, I got a lot of jingles in here. I'll tell you that. All right. I owe D jingles. Where's the one that? Duda.
Duda.
Duda.
All right
103 at 560 W. Kim I haven't given the schedule for today and have I oh my god
Well, first hour we were under a little bit of a duress
First hour did the show on the blackboard on the phone didn't have no line
Line crap time wireless
I beg your pardon we were wireless
I always wanted a wireless mic there you go. Yeah
Anyway, what do we got today the big O at the Sony Ericsson?
Is that another stupid golf tournament? I'd add it. Oh
My god, are you kidding me?
Then we got mad dog 4 to 7 golf in the night 7 to wait the worst tune out in the history of radio 8 to 9
We got hurricane hotline 9 to 10. It's the high school gridiron report and then 4 DA with no signal tries to follow that 10 to midnight 4 DA
Wow how much he's waiting on pins and needles for that new stick to go up
That was up 140 waiting for the new stick yes, I am stick it
So you hear nothing about that no, I haven't
I mean, did you even know that we're doing that from you? Yeah, see I mean I talk about
These things kind of like
circuitously because I don't know if they're supposed to be a big secret whether everybody in this tree knows it that we're doing something
I don't know I don't know because when they don't talk to you and tell you well
He did but Joe Bell did call and tell me that so maybe it was our last phone conversation what?
Maybe it's not a secret. It is a secret. Oh, then that we're putting up a new thing
And we're increasing our power gonna and people be actually be able to hear us. Well, that'd be something
Then we can play a happy day all day every day
By the Edwin Hawkins singers
Vegas Dave says the movie and you know, I've had no comment about that list of I mean I realized there's a hundred movies on there
No comment about the top 100 movies of all time and how come this was not a yell like that usually is
Vegas Dave says the movie dad starring Jack lemon and Ted Danson is amazingly moving and
Is the usually wouldn't dance in his best performance to date? Don't think I ever heard it mentioned never seen it
Keep the faith and screw the goyms as Vegas day screw the goyms
You ever see dad no, I saw the like add the trailer for it. Yeah
But that's all I
heard good things
Yeah, that's it such as what you just heard that it's a good movie and that it's moving and I don't know if I want to see it
I don't know if I want to be so it's tear jerker. I guess I you know, I'm not gonna run to see something like that. Oh boy
By the way said go find something else to do besides sending me stupid emails
They got an old-fashioned toilet
And then the year the chain yeah the box in the chain have you ever seen a toilet like that? Yes, I have you have
I've been in some real backwards areas as you know
And you saw a toilet with a ball on a chain like like one of those I think what they're talking about is the toilet where the
The tank is way up high. I wonder if anybody's doing the old chain ball in that place probably
But yes, I've seen them. I've encountered them. Wow
Shocking Adam Kirschner says what's up with George lately on the year George is not the George
We all know and love I have enjoyed the emails is Adam. What's wrong with you George? Bladley?
That's your friend Adam Kirschner
My friend Adam Kirschner knows how to reach me whenever he wants to
Well, he wouldn't call you up and say what's wrong with you George? You're not the same old George
He wouldn't do that. He knows there's nothing wrong with me and so no he wouldn't no
Is there anything wrong with you? Is there anything wrong with him? What's he doing nowadays working at the Sun Sentinel still goose stepping and Nazi parades still still
What do you mean goose stepping he's become a right when you tell me that we discussed that yes. Oh
Carrying like flag waving
Parade marching oh Barry Jackess is can you play the Bob the Carlo theme?
Don't have it. Don't nobody knows who that is and then he go then he sends me this whole long
Which he already sent me the other day nobody cared then either
Whole song to dance about Bob the Carlo and his whole
Thing you know, I mean his thing good godly miss Molly
Here's the first two races are out Friday golf team. Thanks Steve. Okay. Thanks Steve
Got a handy craft the two ram maybe we'll have you bet the double again like last time when he lost did you lose?
Yes, oh
No, I got a paper jam. Oh no. Oh, no. It's not as good a strawberry jam. Oh
No or toe jam
Bad jam
Jesus God
Now you might take that one
No, there's one page is like twisted in half
Here we go
I got a smooth fine operation going on here if I do say so myself I
Think this is worth an extra couple million year just the fact that I'm running this studio and do such a magnificent job of it and
Still haven't expense them anything yet for the stuff
Bruce and pop it obit says how can you honestly say that George Cow was a bad broadcaster easy because he was horrendous
Growing up in Toledo in the 60s and 70s. I used to love to listen to George when he called Tiger games
I thought he was the best when your taste is in your tockos Bruce
I can still hear him say and here's here comes Willie in his Arkansas draw Willie Horton
Or they're gonna wave him in or there's a long ride to deep center field. It just didn't get any better than George
I suppose you thought that van Patrick and Ray Lane were bad too. No, van Patrick was great and Ray Lane was okay
Shame on you. It says you know shame on me because I don't agree with you really bad bad taste and broadcasting your taste sucks Bruce
If
Rocking get on and then we get a couple of bingles and then they for Norman can hit one and start
I mean just just ridiculous nonsense with a with an annoying draw the likes of which you've never heard
He made Dr. Phil sound like a big city slicker
That's George Kale great ball player horrible broadcaster horrible
How can you say it honestly because that's my opinion Bruce?
Good God
This is this is what happens when you grew up in Toledo
I mean, would you admit it if you grew up in Toledo? I wouldn't I keep it a secret
Okay, I grew up in Rochester, which isn't saying much. It's not a great city, but compared to Toledo Rochester's like Manhattan. It's like Rome
It's like paradise
compared to Toledo
You ever been through Toledo?
Can't say that I have well if you do drive real fast. Don't stop till you're on the other side
All the droppings from Detroit land in Toledo like a raceway park. Oh my god
horrendous
Gary Indiana into a setting either
Do you ever drive across the what they call it the Indiana not the turnpike?
The toll road in Indiana forget it and they had the glass house. I wonder if they still have that on the Indiana
What the road the glass house it was the place where you know like
Stukies like those places
Like the turnpike plazas. Okay rest up kind of thing. Yeah, well. Yeah, the glass house that was pretty good actually
And that's a restaurant or something. Yeah in Indiana the glass house. That was an avid
Well, make sure and stop there next time I'm through Indiana
Yeah, next time you'd wrap through Indiana with our Dean Taylor Indiana wants him and maybe they want you to Indiana sucks
I lived in how Indiana
How and there they're obsession with high school basketball with the the big city against a little city
You know, you know, what's up one time like 100 years ago some little town when the basketball championship
Is that our Dean Taylor I'm hearing the back the one I know great song
I'm on the radio
Whatever happened. He did it a lot
Very Indiana state by the lake and East Chicago Illinois too. That's a dump a toilet kind of like Jacksonville
Like Hamilton, Ontario. I've told you about that
All the smoke stacks and the schmutz and the oh my god in the stench
When you're driving an agro falls you have to go through Hamilton and let me tell you boy. It's not a not a pretty smell
Oh, and we have some list of we have some emailers who live in Hamilton some I deepest apologies not
Floridians dumb as dirt
I
There is no telling to the loud and make a fuck
So I mess the grocery store back and close the research
Oh
I'm feeling right now it's jealousy
Because everyone's afraid to tear on MTV
I gotta work
All my friends
Yeah, me too. I got a sitting here over a hot microphone and slaving away
You know what I haven't played in at least in half an hour. I don't know
Well, let me give you an audio clue here in a second if this thing ever cues up
Why do these things do this
I'm gonna sound a halala. How's this portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears the JJ
It's hanging out y'all. Oh god put her away
118 at 560 wq. I am happy Wednesday to you boy looks murky here. I think it's gonna rain
Okay, but that's where castor nobby keeps her close watch a close tab on the Toronto weather
So we can talk about it on the show in the morning
Our Dean Taylor somebody sent this to me and
Guess where Richard Dean Taylor was born in 1939 in Deanna no oh
Canada yes really Toronto were specific yes wow
Is a singer most famous as a recording artist songwriter and record producer for Motown Records during the 60s and 70s
Accorded Jason and Kenny Taylor remains one of the most underrated acts ever to record under the Motown ages
After first proving his medals the chart-topping staff songwriter his own single
Indiana wants me
In 1970 be claim one of the labels first major crossover hits performed by a white artist
How do you like that even Motown had some whiteies there? How do you like them apples? All right. I never seen him
His apples I never saw examples or his
Uh, snapples or his pairs or his four pair
So I don't know but 1939 he's three years older than me. He's like almost 70 years old now. He's 69 as choice if I can say that no
69 no sorry, Joyce bitch
So I guess he's still alive corner this
Okay, that's the only song that he ever did that I can think of the other one
He'll want that I have in here. He had other hits. I don't know what they are he did no way if he did
I don't know our Dean Taylor didn't have no other hits
That he sang maybe that he wrote. I don't know
Vincent says about the hundred greatest movies
Do you need I don't remember you mentioning the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross sincerely Vincent T
Well, I didn't mention it because it was not the list. Well then that's uh a gross old mission. Yeah
What just happened there? I don't know if you made your decision for Christ wow this thing is Christ this thing just farted
This DCS
You idiot who ever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for is to help us
Does that seem clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living
You company man you're fair. Doesn't he sound like he's got like a month full of food or something there patino?
Uh, no
Oh get out of here. Okay. Yes. Let me play it again. All right
No, we'll listen to it
Where did you learn your trade?
Whoever told you that you could work with men right like he was in a sandwich right yeah like he's eating a sandwich right
Or maybe a chewing on some of that what was the mama cardio only making when uh
When she was in the kitchen there in that one scene I don't know like pasta. I'm guessing pasta. No, no, I don't know
Ticking catch a Tory really don't you remember when they came down the stairs together sonny and uh
Tom Hagen oh yeah
And sonny was screaming at Tom if I had a wartime constantly every like a pop pop had janko look what I got they were so unfair
To Tom there were what unfair? Yeah, I'm fair to tell you're out Tom maybe I can help
And then and then when Michael was giving him all that crap. Why do you why are you so uh
Why do you treat me to oh I forgot what Tom said to him. I don't know
You saying we're not your style
You're
style
Yeah
EO
Speaking of EO here's a picture of a guy that somebody emailed me mr. Yamaguchi
He looks like he's been through hell, but the deal is he survived both atomic bombs
The chronic and cocoa sent this thank you chronic
Japan has certified a man aged 93 is the only known survivor of Hiroshima and Nagasaki both hit by atomic bombs through at the end of WW2
Su tomu yaga mochi Yamaguchi excuse me
Su tomu yaga Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima on our business trip in
August August 6 1945 when he was playing throughout the first atom bomb. Oh, no bomb agrande
He suffered serious burns spent a night there before we turned to his home city of Nagasaki just before it was bombed
August 9th boy talk about being in a wrong place at the right time
But he don't look all that bad for 93. I don't know when this picture was taken
I mean he looks like an old
Jap, you know
He said he hoped his experience held a lesson of peace for future generations
Well, what does that mean? I don't know
His experience has a lesson of peace sure piece of one piece of shimit
It was already recorded that mr. Yamaguchi and survive the Nagasaki bomb, but on Tuesday officials recognize he'd been in Hiroshima as well
certification is a
Himakusha or radiation survivor qualifies Japanese citizens for government compensation including medical checkups and funeral costs
Wow, hands you're like that last part
His double dose of atomic bombs high ever does not mean mr. Yamaguchi's commensational increase a Nagasaki city official
Said don't get your hopes up old man
My double radiation exposures now an official government record mr. Yamaguchi told reporters
I can tell the younger generation the horrifying history of the atomic bombings even after I die
How's he gonna do that?
I don't know maybe they're gonna tax it during well because it's in the government record
I'm like, you know, it's gonna be it's gonna be a story
Here's a story about a lovely family. They got nuked
About 140,000 people were killed in Hiroshima 70,000 and I got Nagasaki
Many survivors fell sick with radiation related illnesses and putting cancers for years after the bombings
It was a classic example of the barbarism of mankind
Wow, what though do you mean by that?
Sounds like a shot
Got some very bad news even worse than him getting new twice easily still alive the Dow is sliding
It was up 100 and some odd 170 points. It's now up to 91
90
Don't you love the way that those those things change so fast? No
Well, what what it is is you see your money like vanish shots right 90 point 24 90 point oh eight right, you know, right
And then it get down to 77 like that
Even 90 points up now 95 point 58 see as soon as I started talking about it people started buying
It's a buying opportunity is Maria B would say that bitch
That bug-eyed baggy eyed bitch Maria they all ought to be in jail. I've been saying it for years
All the people on CNBC have been putting over this crap for year the the tech bubble the housing bubble the direct bubble
It's all a bunch of hazard eye baby
It's all a big scam and we're stuck in the middle of it
Remember Steelers wheel stuck in the middle with you yep
That was the middle of their smash and how I remember that I don't know because I hated that record
Did you like that song? That's all right. It got old looking for right now probably looking for it
stuck in the middle with you is it was it was
It was cute that they overplayed it like they do everything did they really oh yeah probably Johnny darkly didn't the ground I sculled Johnny
But people have a two-twenty for you
Oh
Oh
No
Just like it intensely if it came on my radio if I was listening to music which I don't
If it came on a radio I punched the button. I go bye-bye
I don't know why it's not like they ever did anything to me. I just I just don't have only ever said good things about you very very
Marjoryl song Steelers wheel
127 at 560 WQM. Let me oh I just came back from the phone and little hand
No, I just came back from the phone and making my bacon. Okay. Oh, it's the phone you set up to charge
No, they are real phone. Hey, no, it's bringing again on my blog
Well, I'm still on the road and I'm
Hey dad, what's up honey? I got your grids Kevin called and you're
Signing out, okay
The last city we went to
Go ahead Tyrone oh
He's on my security detail y'all there's cameras everywhere and he watches everything. It's great
Oh
Sean Preston bail in a well oh
My
Let me stuff it back in thanks London that could have been really embarrassing
Yeah back to you
Well, I just made it back in here with the abacan
Excellent. Well, this is I or nearly wouldn't be doing this because I didn't know I had it
And I'll be eating on the air again. Oh jeez here he goes again was snapping and snapping and slurping
If you don't like it get lost
Birds is absolutely one of the very best economic and politically unbiased and nonpartisan analyst
An analysis
What was that lies that on PBS a must-very under what a watch
Frontline tentative and counting
Uh, I went and looked uh at the website there yeah email if I solved the link so that I'd remember to watch it
You emailed yourself a link to what to that to the front line you can watch it right there on their website. Oh
And on PBS nothing. I'll watch it later maybe over the weekend
In rake says don't understand why people against his new marlin state
I myself prefer to use our tax pay money to build it. Why not? It's better than getting to large corporation executives as bonuses gold marlins
Tell George to look up with some purple chronic
Says Enrique and little Havana. Yeah, likely story just fine. He's doing just fine. He don't need any help
I think he does need help
And he don't really need to send these uh ten times okay and just love these people send emails twice two three times
Snap it up, you know get to them quicker. Yeah, we're worse like a charm not so I'm gonna eat my bacon while you do the show
Now's up 71
And maybe soon it'll be 77 but it's going out in the 60 69
I was was really called for the homicide situation there was out of control
So what about a military option retired lieutenant general rest of the lawnery joins me by you asked trips to the mexican border
How do you like that? Okay, why not although shluppers killing each other over drugs
You
Bring George some good drugs at Gulfstream Friday. Please do
If I made some of the horsemen will bring you some share
Um, that could be good. I'm really crisp this time. I don't know why what do they give the horses? Uh
Like speed for extra speed
Are you suggesting that there are horses being medicated at racetracks? Oh, I was hoping you tell me
I'm a newbie
Seeing as how Gulfstream is one of our fine sponsors now you're going to be there on Friday
The last thing that we need to discuss on the air is drugs and racing. Okay
Is that sound bad? No
My lips smacking it with my bacon. It's awful. Oh, it's just bad. It's bad radio
Radio deal with disgusting. We can't stand well. You know what go away
We've been on and that first hour I deserved that my bacon after the first hour. I agree
I deserve a purple medal
We both do you have no idea you you didn't see what was going on in here
I thought you said nothing on their part
Oh the only reason that the show got on and with the open and everything like that is because I was running around like a lunatic
Trying to get it going and getting you on the phone again
You don't understand that when it's on the same computer and I have to switch functions back and forth
It's uh, it was not an easy thing to do function at the jokin down. Yeah, that was only a 58 points
not good
Neil do you have your season tickets for the marlin's day yet finally another good place to hang out during race ball season
Thanks Miami says somebody with no name. Yeah another great place to hang out
idiot
See the one thing about the people in date county their masochists. They love getting screwed over
They love having their money flushed down the toilet. They love all the corruption. So they just love it
Yeah, they can't get enough of it sure looks that way. Yeah, they do
I only got about three more pieces here really crisp. I wonder why this happened
I want it because usually it comes out like a little rubbery
Maybe you cooked it a little
Can you hear how crisp it is? Yeah, did you cook it at the same amount of time? Yeah 99 seconds
Maybe they changed the formula
No
Maybe it's still that could be too
Oh
Look who they're putting on here again. Russell honor Ray retired lieutenant general Ed Gufball that drooling Yahoo from Northern
Yeah, if you have a vaccine observed before crossing
Death in the garden to do is just oh my god
They actually put this guy in here with a straight face. I put what's his name on with the teeth? Well, they like his accent rich
Your quest and he doesn't need a cage on accent. You got that cage on draw man on your own
Oh
Southern comfort there's a movie you should see didn't make that list but it's a must see I agree
Ain't it done find out what dumb is all about
cage on my ass. I'll go get the cayenne pepper
And don't forget to bring along cloud pepper right will blacken your ass
Is he still dead too walking lot and then cloud pepper yep
470 votes on the pool. Well, we if we'd have pushed it like the old days
Nigel says last night I picked up two courts of banana splud I screamed to say to get some of it while I was watching Obama
Give us press conference. I didn't watch the press conference. I saw two seconds of it
To my surprise I ate the whole damn thing not even a fat tub like Chris afterward. I had this guilty feeling come over me
was almost suicidal
Banana split ice cream sure I hope not that Ben and Jerry's one oh
two courts
That's a lot I believe that ice cream he says it's one of the most addictive foods out there and it should only be available in small doses
And with a prescription that is correct
There are more people dying from eating ice cream and candy than there are from a taken prescription drugs
Am I right absolute no question? I mean
Absolutely only thing that has killed people close to me food food
Look at poor fat rich. Yeah, even though he ate the crudeite dip
I mean here was a guy who was fooling himself and it didn't work out
If I got there at the track before he did in the dining room, I would tell the
I would tell the waiter take the rolls off the table because I sure wasn't eating them because I don't eat bread
And then I'm eating carbs. It's sure ain't going to be bread
Here we take the rolls off the table put them on the one across the table from us rich would get there
And before I mean what I wasn't even looking in a heartbeat
You've never seen a fat man move so fast he had that
Thing with the rolls mm-hmm on our table great. Yeah, I'm showing him down his fat face
Great guy
death mm-hmm
I
Fact kills I'm seeing this while I'm shoving bacon in my mouth
And you're probably thinking and of course I got my shirt my pantaloonies and my shoes on now good
I'm all set for a two o'clock getting out of here and going to woodbine
And you're probably thinking well since you're eating the bacon
Yeah, that will preclude the Snickers almond bar to a clock. No, I know better
I know you're
Uh, tell you go ahead. Oh, that was uh that was that that was criminalized pot in florida
Wow another stunt we joined
The douse only up 26 points by the way. I'm have a feeling. I'm a fear. It's gonna go down
In the
Take out the best herb that you ever seen
Ask anybody in that table
Take tell you district country where the gun's a good
Rasta man has some he want to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
He light up the split and choke
Smoke gun just smoke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
The gun should be good
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack
Smoke it every day until your long term black
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
American tourists home here and say
Got nothing like this in the USA they smoke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
They light up the split and choke
They begin to cough and choke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
The gun should be good
Mama tell us on you are a rasta man
You like to smoke the giant strip whenever you can
Many people coming here for miles around
To bite the herb for you bite the ounce of nipa
Rasta man say to her Mama you right
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
They light up the split and choke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
Smoke gun just smoke smoke
They can't you be good
Ah, come on
14 to 2 at 560 WQM it feels like I've only been here 100 hours today. Wow that first hour
It was draining it was legendary. Was it really?
The ground breaking was annoying breath taking
Concelling although it was really a neat that you told me about that headset
He's running all the time
For what?
Full sex so I can get both hands gone. Oh
From rags to riches memoir
Holy moly what is this?
You think this is another one of those deals where oh yeah, I'm sure
Yeah
Mr. Bergman resides in a
Multimillion dollar estate with his wife yadda yadda yadda
Please use his website and you'll learn more about this amazing executive. I don't care. I don't want to
Well, there's just no end of this crap. You know if there is no end to it
It just goes on and on and on and on one scan after another right
I
Guess that must be the reason that there are some people who have actually got some money scamsters
You know what Bruce Beasley told me I believe in honest days work for honest days pay
Well, I don't believe in that. I don't believe in honest days work
Believe in a dishonest days work. That's right dishonest days work and a lot of pain. That's what I believe in which they used to do and now not so much
Dave said decided to give blue bell ice cream a shot because it was 350 for half gallon of publics
Try the
Banana pudding flavor. That doesn't even sound good doesn't that doesn't sound bad. Well, I like banana pudding
With nila wafers in it real slices of banana. Oh, yeah. I love banana pudding. Oh
So it's not ice cream and it depends I'll give it a shot
It says I would use the word flavor very loosely if you close your eyes and ate it
There was no way you know it's supposed to be banana the most bland tasting ice cream I've ever eaten don't bother
This is Dave. Thanks a little bit more. Huh? Thanks for the report. Save your thoughts of report Dave
Well, I don't think we have it here and quite frankly
Hopefully not I don't need any more brands of ice cream
I don't need any new discoveries and you know what really pisses me off big time what
It's it's like Arby's it's like all these fast food places that come up with some special for a limited time
You know, it's it's the greatest thing for sliced bread and then just when you get used to eating it then they stop
Saving it. Oh, we don't have that anymore kind of a mind fork is that
Banana nut remember Hakan does banana nut. I was nuts about that. Yeah
That was just awesome
Gone don't see it anywhere no more
Then that frosty-race yep banana nut ice cream sounds good. Anyway, it is was was awesome
Well, I'm on the wrong channel. I better get to a city pulse the one that you listen to in the morning when I'm getting ready
And a ride in a tank
Ottawa is defending the budget saying this was a change of command not a retirement
Well, look at those silly people with those big hats. It's the British the British influence man
They just can't they can't cut the cord
Cut the cord get the queen off the currency and put with his British influence here already
God almighty. What is wrong? I thought I'm trying to tell him how to run a Canadian government, but nevertheless
Why would anybody want to be like the silly ass Britz
Speaking of that Joe from Toronto says
I hear George once in a while since you links to websites. Do you
Uh, not that I recall no and I just to let you know not all websites in the work in the US may working
What is it all websites that work in the US may not work in Canada Nazis
Joe is calling his own people a bunch of Nazis. How do you like that?
For instance, if you want to go to Comedy Central.com you'll be rerouted to comedy network dot c a that's right
There were some people that sent me that
South Park episode. Yeah, couldn't see it
I'll burn you a copy this weekend. Yeah, please
Burma note burn me that family guy too
It says if you're in the US it's the other way around you can't see videos of shows for US networks some networks like showtime
You can't access it all from Canada
Says Joe from Toronto. I don't know. I got 900 channels here on my cable. I shouldn't have any shortage of material to see
my god Joe
What is wrong with you man?
Well, let's see what's on right now
On ifc teenage space vampires. What more could you want? Wow
And then we'll see where this
Tontine of your mask and jealous gets you
But your power will be confused with all the different types of the sun in the moon
Oh boy, nice to be looking guy. It looks like Sid the kid
Death note is on screen tv death note
I'm jealous
Why all those good channels you have up there. Yeah
Drive in channel born free
Born free
Who did that Roger Williams? I don't know. I'll pass on that one again though. Oh
Clear and present danger the happy breed
Scrambled. No, that's the nature of things. That's the
CSI New York the siege
You're right by the way. What Roger Williams
Cap records cap records
In fact the cap label looked very much like the cadence label
How come I remember all those things because I was a district here because I bought the music maybe both both I guess
Both both of them both of them. Oh, I remember the label of the song was under the uh the brain part that we both had yesterday
Did you ever so what was the bit? I I racked my brain the rest of the day and I still don't remember oh my god
It was a minute and forty three seconds long. I remember that or her
I thought for sure you would help me out
I because you know how to get there and to come up with something different to play at the end of the show the times out
I got one forty three and it's like toward the ass down and all day long it was like right there
I could taste it but really yeah, but no it was on the tip of your tongue
And sure that yeah, I was chewing on it
Couldn't spit it out though. I can't wait to get my snickers almond bar
How about vanda pick me a letter if we uh, you know
Works for me not in here real quick
Oh
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Got to get on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
Oh, vanda pick me a letter. Bank rock. What do you mean bank? Why don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look at that say jack again won't throw in the towel still like by your vowels
Oh, vanda pick me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean there's no effort?
vanda pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you
Hey, vanda is that an all over town or what? Vanda, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Gonna be on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
Oh, vanda pick me a letter
Go, vanda look at it go. All right
Hey get out of my face back
The love of two vans
Hey, is there an L in that word? Is it a low rider?
All right, look right
Forget the letter man. I'll take vanda. Why are you beautiful maybe you're a meek of later home game
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane
All right, I'm on the wheel of watching game
I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round
Hey, vanda pick me a letter. Lose a turn. Hey, pass, lose day. Vanda pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you
All right, that is an all over can. Vanda, I don't mean to stare but are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look. Get past age. Check again. Won't throw in the towel. Still like by your vowels. Oh, vanda
Pick me a letter
Please banan pick me a letter
All right, I'm ready to pick baby
APC DMCNG take it. I'm not big. Why do you want to see me WX my D? That's your cover, man
All right, I'll take the sofa the blender the microwave the refrigerator
Hey man, what do you mean 500 dollars for I'm lacking my five in portable TV set? You got ripped off man
My brother will not forget it for your own sales
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set man, all right
Hey man, it's a mom, baby
Bye bye bye
