30 so he
I am the real ranger show is a big thing to the he 5 6 7 0 5
I think I know the Howard they he
The other counties called toll free 8777
7.8
Neil or they don't think that is the
He's a T and Verizon wireless mouth the opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his
Colleys do not refer to those of them we don't have any gifts to the collar so go with
Super this way now the Neil
Ryder show on 5 60 W Q a.m.
I used to be a rich doctor till I met him
Because of Ernie made off my future is grim and now again a poor the joint of freaking gym
I'd like to drive
Can Bernie space punch him all over the place?
Well, can't in the eyes until he freaking cries like this big slap Bernie's yeah
Make him walk into a bear trap kick him in the junk and shove it in my trough
I was a rich doctor the American dream
Until the turkey put me in a Ponzi scheme
Where things are not on paper quite as they might seem I'd like to drive
Can Bernie space punch him all over their place?
Well, can't in the eyes until he freaking cries like this big slap Bernie's yeah
Make him walk into a bear trap kick him in the junk and shove it in my trough
I used to have a platinum card and drove a Lamborghini
And I had a man serving the Gus
I used to date pretty girls who were sexy and teeny
Now it's toothless girls to ride the bus
I was a rich doctor who got rid of your call
But now I got no money because Bernie made off
Took everything I had that their favorite beat up I'd like to drive
Can Bernie space punch him all over their place?
Well, can in the eyes until he freaking cries like this big slap Bernie's yeah
Make him walk into a bear trap kick him in the junk and shove it in my trough
You got to admit those are some pretty heavy duty lyrics the original which doctor by David
Seville on Liberty Records
O-E-U-A-A
Ting-Tang Wala Wala Bing-Bang
What kind of drugs do you think David Seville was doing when he wrote that?
I don't know but it's nice to share
Oh yeah
Well, I got some amazing news all these fake emails I'm gonna save that one
Anita Marx is not coming by the way she just resigned at Baltimore yesterday
So all these fake emails were getting the fake Anita Marx can quit sending fake emails because I got the real story here from
DC examiner dot com by the way something yes
I'm refaxing the first two pages of the log because those changes that we were expecting
Have been made have been made so I'm read that right as right now
Well good hallelujah. Oh happy day not another happy day
We had a happy day on Tuesday and our duration day and now two out of three days. Oh happy day and yesterday
It was an okay day for me. Yes, it was was it yeah was it okay for you? It was just fine. Well fine good. Oh, we're fine
That's good, but we still have some nidlicks out there who just can't stop
John ZTR what whatever that means I mean I didn't sign a name but that's his email
Concerning Niel no longer taking calls this this could be the best of all of them and boy, they're sure I've been a bunch
All the critiques the complaints the critiques the life advice the ins life instruction
I rarely write emails to your show, but I feel it's important to communicate this to your show
He's writing it to the show not to me is like an individual like he's been being but he's writing to the show
He's like to show it. It's like an answer for morphing thing. I don't know if the show has got a life of its own
Mm-hmm. Would you use to have it's a monster
Every morning at 10 a.m. Your show opens up and tells us to call
305 5 6 7 0 5 60 isn't this false advertising
False advertising mm-hmm. No, it's a show open is what it is jackass
You can call it that doesn't mean we're gonna answer it or put the call on the year
That's up to me. That's why it's the Niel Rogers show
Now here comes this is the best
I think this is the greatest line in the history of the human race subhuman race
I agree you haven't taken calls and ages how our listeners like me supposed to express our complaints
Oh, all right
Ha-ha-ha-ha 33 years yeah
March 1st. It'll be 34 years. Well, no, it'll be 33 years march 1st
I've been toiling away on airwaves of South Florida
It took all this time to find out that the reason I do this show is so listeners like this guy unnamed guy can express their complaints
I just discovered that really
and it goes on I'm sick of all the fake emails from the fake this one and the fake that one
Why is Niel so hypnotized by all these fake celebrities who email them first of all?
None of them are celebrities very jackass ain't no celebrity and Greg Budele and Alice Rantell
None of these people are celebrities fake yes celebrities know and I'm certainly not hypnotized
It says he reminds me about grandfather when he learned how to use the iPod
As a listener, I'm put to sleep as Niel reads the dozen of fake emails
The show was never like this what changed please don't blame Joe Bell the only responsible what is you and George
Was all my idea the only reason the only one responsible is you and George again. We're collective. I guess we're like do I have to say hip
I've taken the liberty of emailing a copy of this email to Joe Bell at the Mkis.com. Oh, no not shalee Joe Bell
You're in for it now. Yeah, please my goal of this email is not to get anyone fired. Oh, yeah
Yeah, what a moron
I simply want to listen to the Niel Rogers that I grew up with I just hope the email gets the Niel Rogers show back on its tracks
Nothing more if you can make that happen. Thank you
Get it's back on its tracks. Oh
How are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints?
Screw you you jackass you moron you imbecile
You
Don't want to get anybody fired but yeah screw you that's a spherical that was great
Diawikid death and it's for real and he's serial that that's the best part serial by the ways back up to 11 cents
Yesterday you could have bought it for a dime today 11 cents
So what inflation does for you?
Okay, let me see. I'm trying to give this all straight new
Good
Got the logs straight now like you said. It's a it's a wonderful day
It's gonna go all the way up to like minus two here. I think today. So freeze your asses off down there
Oh, we got this cold snap another day about too bad too freaking bad. It's nice
Grow up already grow up and be like adults pretend to be adults
It's still like a bunch of little whimpering children. How else can we express our complaints?
There's a good reason not to take any calls right there
The but then again the emails in fact isn't that what he's doing in the email expressing his complaint
It's not like I've shut the whole audience off and terribly. It's just that I want to listen to I mean like he doesn't know the reason
I'm not taking calls and your friend there are no collars. They're like five jackasses out there who hijacked the phone
That's all don't blame Joe Bell. No
You and George. Yeah, he's don't fire me right
Here's the well if one more email like that. I think we're both out
Ha ha ha you're done rogers you're done
Here's the exciting news and need a marks resigned with CBS's WJZ FM
And this news came yesterday
Jim Williams at DC examiner dot com tells us that industry sources have confirmed
That CBS radio Baltimore and Anita marks have come to an agreement on one year deal a little keeper in Baltimore
So you can send me some more fake Anita marks emails if you want she ain't coming
While details are being worked out the two parties are very pleased with the deal and excited that the talks your host will remain in charm city
On WJZ FM the fan 105.7 marks was also being wooed by Mimey sports talk outlet WQ AM
Who was offering her the pregame host role both for the dolphins in you of him football along with their own show
however
Hi ever marks and CBS radio Baltimore's Bob Phillips spent a great deal of time over the last month working out the details of her new contract
The deal will make sure that marks and partners Scott Garso will remain the week they have to no team on WJZ FM
How do you like that?
So Anita marks ain't coming so I guess the best guess is here's my guess
Okay, my guess is they're blowing out DA especially with his point oh oh nine o'clock
My god
What a great hire there are jolly joe you know how to do it man
You know how to get numbers that we have never envisioned in our worst nightmares we could never dream
That this station could get numbers like the ones you've developed
Maybe we can bring back the Kenyan blow morning show
So I'm thinking they're blowing him out to put uh
What's his name rock solid at night
Which he sir can't would do worse than a point. Oh although he can he can he can hang on to it though I think
Judging by his one one and he after noon following our show
I think he can hang onto those numbers at night the big O at night and then they'll put Kevin Rogers on two to four. That's my guess
Okay, so we'll have like six hours of Rogers
Isn't that clever won't help
Well, what now what do you don't even know who that is? No, I don't I know he's bad
I do know this and I know he's from across the street which means they want a hire him. I do know this yes
It's gonna suck and it's gonna fail. Oh, you're so negative. No, I'm positive. It's gonna suck and it's gonna fail
Well, we better give the numbers out so people can call in and complain
I
Mean let me find that again. That was great. Go keep that. Please don't you?
I'm saving this one frame how our listeners like me supposed to express our complaints
Where
I could like a little child
Bark at the moon and see if it goes away like a little dog like tiny bark at the moon keep barking at it and see if it disappears
What a jerk
Get the Neil Rogers show back on its tracks
The
Neil Rogers show is doing just fine. Okay, we had a big December and that's after I eliminated the calls altogether
I don't I don't know what the monthly's are because of course your close personal friend clearance
He he's too busy worried about stupid ass you embal games than worrying about giving us information
So we know what the monthly's are and how we did or did not do
Let's see. Oh, here's here's a whole bunch of them
Your boy said was ripping yesterday. Oh, no, not he said he hasn't stolen anything from yourself to Roy sound by well who now cares
Why would I care about a guy that's got numbers so small? I
Mean just pathetic
Here's one that says thanks for reading my email yesterday whoever this is
Today I have a request in a question this goes for George to since he's next in line
You're next in line to you know that to do to for what?
Execution all I see Neil what kind of love when you say the little needle gods out there who are the future of good trash radio
What kind of love would you say the little needle gods out there who are the future of good trash ready?
What kind of crap are you trying to understand that you kind of like would you be speaking you jackass?
Wow
Lauren says that guy can express his complaints every time he takes a choice out of his toss
That's probably the value of what he has to say anyway. He probably didn't even like Michelle's gown
Boy can the media waste time on crap or what yeah? Let's spend a few hours on Michelle's gown and who made it and who did this and how much it cost
I heard you briefly touched on this brand and says but I wasn't sure if you talked about anything somewhat local
on WZCR 94.3 and Palm Beach they felt the
cheap channel acts on Tuesdays
How would I have talked about it when nobody sent me the information I was sitting here begging begging and pleading somebody tell me about the
local impact the South Florida impact of the cheap channel butchery
The station Monday to Friday produced three original shows bobbin tom in the morning
Real radio nights which year at 7 to 10 pm was dropped completely coast and producer were fired
Hosted that show was dropped demoted to producer of the love doctors middays producer of the love doctors moved to the home team in the afternoons
And they're producer got sacked and now 7 to 10 nothing permanent has been said whatever it is it might be something syndicated
Just calm down Brandon
Wow
And here it is and he gives me another spy report. I know you can't do anything about it
But I thought you would enjoy knowing that on the internet stream the exact same big old promo ran six times in a row
Well, maybe they figure they can goose up that one one to like a one two
Anyway, your bubba spy report just to give you a good idea of good radio for him is this
Let's say you have an audio clip and it might run for only 45 seconds
He literally every second
Stopped the clip to interject. It's really annoying. It will be like you stop bits every second to say oh
This is funny that line was funny, etc
When in doubt drag it out when you got a lot of time to kill this right we know how that is
Oh, yeah me me with your Hillary take Hillary and stuff or wear the moon don't try and okay
Hillary's a proven winner. Yeah, she made a very
mediocre speech this morning
Secretary of State's willary. Oh, you just don't like her because she's a woman
That's it. Yeah
I still think I wonder who's got the bigger penis who are Rachel Maddo
I like naked guys
Why breaking you want to take you back out live to a Washington that were Hillary Clinton
Is having her confirmation hearing list. Listen in perfect. We need a good shock
Hmm
I was having a little fun, you know, it's hard to find time, but
Occasionally you can sneak that in
She is expected to be confirmed
New Year's Eve party
There are questions about it. My stomach is stomach is in knots. Oh
Stay with us. We'll be right back
Oh look at this there's a little bit more about the one about what kind of love would I uh spew out
The reason you don't take intelligent causes because you cannot handle the meal
Seriously, you'd get put in your place ain't that ever it. Yeah, that's ever it
Wow
The future of good trash talk radio trip what garbage
And this business about um, I don't read the email every all the emails 90% of them except the ones that are even two grotesque
Which you can't even believe how bad they are even that one I read
Can't handle the real calls the good calls you can only talk to morons
Yeah, I'm the one responsible for writing what comes in on the emails and for making the calls that's me
Don't blame it on the fact that the masses out there are asses and they have basically nothing to say all the
Oscar nominations are out that'll kill some good time
But I rather kill some good time and mail it in by reading that one sentence again
You haven't taken calls in ages how are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints
By sending an email I guess because you just did it worked like a charm and I read it on the year about 15 times
John
We want to do your righteous you back
Again, here's a guy trying to say the same thing that most of these people say I have no lie right
Right it on your arm. I have no lie. I have no lie. Yes
I have no lie
God
Get a billboard and carry it around
Well, look up what do they call us and there's a sandwich board there it is and walk around naked with a sandwich board around your naked
Ask running around I have no life just an outfit to the world
How are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints? Oh
Brother you you nailed it way back when we would shortly after we first started with the emails
Right critiques complaints critiques and then of course life instruction right
How to do this and how to do that and don't do this and just I'll take calls when I'm good and ready
How do you like that as far as I haven't taken them in in a what did it say?
In ages
It's a few weeks and believe you me. I feel so much better for it too. I'm your friend
I'm your friend. This is Joe Bell's idea of a talk radio station. He wouldn't know talk radio if somebody shoved one up his ass
God
Joe Bell your your buddy. How's the car coming by the way? Oh, yeah, I don't even know
JP says these morons who complain about the spots on the internet stream are annoying if the spots bother them so much
Why don't they just listen to the podcast and fast forward through the spots huh?
Oh, not another pull idea
Oh
No
It says I love you so don't think don't take this to think I want you to die. Oh, I will
But not soon enough to make some people out there happy. I'll croak and so will all of you pull
What will you be doing when you croak eating having sex talking on a radio gambling
joising etc. I think I'll be doing etc
How do we know what we're gonna be doing when we croak? I don't I guess
We just got to guess I don't see any update from the a fakeity to marks now that we got the real one out of the closet
That's who we signed a deal in Baltimore and it's not coming to wqm this year next year four years from circus. Who knows?
Oh, but mr. Bell and mr. Darrow have assured me that yeah
You're right. They're all fake
Even as John guy is probably fake with the how are we supposed to register our complaints? Yeah
I mean nobody could make that up that that's just that's very funny. Yeah, I agree
Too good to be true
How's the align up look the rest of the day. Oh, it's the same. Oh, no. Oh, no look what's on four to seven
Oh, no or land away to senior bull two to four if he can hold up that one point one sheer rock solid. Oh, yeah
Then we got four to seven guilty
That's called in the in the trade. It's called a forfeit
Seven of nine we got hurricane hotline nine to ten dolphins tonight and then ten to midnight we got the DA point oh show
Now if you had up an hour with a point with nobody listening. I mean, what would you do during that hour?
If you could take some calls so people could express their complaints. I play fart sounds over and over again
I don't think he's gonna have to do that to get canned
D.A. I mean, I don't know you keep telling me he's a great guy
He's a very nice guy and maybe he is a lot of guys out there that doesn't mean they belong on the radio
That's a valid point. We don't get a whole lot of commentary about his show and of course when you have nobody listening
It's probably pretty difficult to get anybody commenting on your show
We got a guy dammit of indelora d.A. from Kansas City. He's on eight to eleven
Ten to midnight is not whatever that we can fit him in
Whenever we don't have some so yes ball game on like last night
Mani says i'm a hulio who lives out by you and the acres just for your information
There's the Las Vegas Cuban restaurant and plantation right on powered boulevard just ec university drive on the north side
Where there's a windexy blockbuster and dry clean USA. Oh, yeah, I know exactly where that is
That's one of those shopping centers that you can drive into but there's no way to drive out. It's it's
No, no, you know, I mean it's
No, it's set up in a very bizarre way
Also, please tell us set from West Palm Beach to Casa Romeo
I think she spelled it wrong
Casa Romeo, I'd love them in northwest 186 closed down. I see
Just wasn't know that for my money the best Cuban restaurant is in highly named Asturia on east 4th Avenue in 393
It sounds like some kind of disease like Listeria
Asturia
East 4th Avenue 393 next to La Copa super market take care of his mani. Thank you mani. Which is grossiest
Mochis grossiest mani
Let me see if I need a mark the fake one is chimed in
Just like how they when the numbers the hourlies came out how they really
Suddenly uh, dummyed up across the street and down the road
Truck and Chicago says I love chicken neck. I almost ran off the road driving into work today
I heard blinded by the light and Betty Davis eyes on the radio
Of course, I thought of the chicken neck versions. I assume he did both. Yes
My wife hates them. I'm singing I sing the neo version of them
My wife hates it. Then I sing well whatever pull idea favorite bokeh brimperity done that before yes
And there's so many of them there's a million of them
Shameless request can you play the call from Fox News Heather? I assume he can't play the song anymore
That call was the beginning of the end of the good this on your show
Thanks for all you and George do chuck and Chicago
Yeah, let me tell you one of the people was involved in that whole thing about Fox News Heather
Yeah, that should give you a good right
He was involved when I dropped the bomb blah blah. Yeah, he he tried to get me candy tried to get you candy
There I don't think it was anybody in the building. He tried didn't try to get fired
When he was around
When he was poisoning the air the atmosphere in that building
Nice higher there Greg
Boy, look at the long list of miserable adject failures
Moe Howard David is
Jerks Kenny and blow morning show DA
What am I leaving out?
I
Then the course moving some of the pieces around the rock solid. He's working out real well in the afternoon
You know he he was a lot better. I think when people were asleep five to seven in the morning
But when people are actually awake not so good
Just a succession of abject failure jolly joe failure like you say everything he likes is gonna suck and it's gonna fail
Mm-hmm
Suck and fail in the order and fail right suck and fail wow what
Nothing. It's just got a gotta ring to it a ring to it. It's almost got rid of it to it as
What did I do with it? I'll find it. I don't want to lose that
How are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints? Oh
Oh my god
These years and I finally found out what I'm doing here
It's like what an action line at the herald only action line is like a request to tell them get something accomplished
This isn't that. This is just complaints
Let's just play that sound for four hours every day
And I think a lot of people would enjoy it
It's an outlet for their misery
Meanwhile the democratic race between Barack and Obama and Hillary Clinton
Still too close to call we'll have more later
That went smoothly
No, I'm just gonna I'll have to add live it give me one interesting exit call please
I'm revenge spray beauty 25 today back to you Jan
Thanks Maria 617 and health watch this morning doctors in Utah are hoping
For a new met new medical breakthrough to solve the problems of attention disorder to behavior with problems with children
Attention deficit deficit hyperactivity is a common disorder it affects three out of five kids
Or actually three to five percent of the children with
Let's start to solve over again. Can we just back it up and start it over? I'm lost
So I'm doing the first one. He's not expecting a big win
And then how is this money and staff situation changed?
Okay, and then there's much more CBS news ahead. Okay, Freddie juliani's dead. I mean, you know what I mean
Hey, Eric did you use the cool shadow on the snow shot yet?
The CBS
Yeah, it's so cool. I don't think it's okay. I think it's so cool
A local man spots something suspicious and that he
Decides to spring interaction
He has done something that is very good
Wheatland or wheatland wheatland right how do you say that does anyone know? Sorry wheatland
Wheatland
Wheatland
Oh, okay Wheatland was constant. So I'll say Cynthia
Cynthia
Just pretty eyes. You should there freaking me out a little
No, she looks like a husky
You know the weird blue eyes
Huh, yeah, like not close out. Cindy McCain has the most intense eyes. They're like light
Ice blue
And she had a purple suit on and I was I mean
They were so intense. I was like I couldn't stop staring at her
She must have thought I wasn't weird
Thank you. All right, it's back here. Don't let her go away. This uh, that's what does she ever response to that?
She's still there. What's that? The ladies just leave. Yeah. Oh, that's too bad
That's good. She's back every one. Yes. Yes. What'd you like to know? I would like to know
A response to what the gentleman said the gentleman's a very effective spokesperson for the for the company
But obviously the people who live there are not satisfied with his explanation right? What do you want now?
Well, if I have to teach you how to be a reporter, I'll do that later. I want to do that later
Jim, but I think the lady expressed herself and you're not here. You're there
What is there any question you'd like me to ask her and no I I'll I'll give you lessons on how to become a reporter
I'll give you some lessons on how to be an editor because I was your boss once. Yeah, if you were and I are no longer how did that happen?
I don't know. He was trying to build a mill. Clearly putting a mission accomplished on a aircraft career was a mistake
For some people predicting Obama would be Hillary by 20 points
10 double digits. Okay
Obviously some of my rhetoric has been a mistake. 9 is 7.2 magnitude magnitude earthquake rattled
Alaska size milli-acto-lew style is
magnitude 7.2
It was a very large earthquake
The good thing is there were no media reports
The record
After the break we're going to interview Eric Wyhert-Mayor who climbed the highest mountain in the world Mount Everest
But he's gay. I mean he's gay. Excuse me. He's blind. So we're here about that. Okay as we head to the break. Oh look at the six there
Been disappointments. I will grab obviously with a huge disappointment during the presidency
My weapons of mass destruction
Was a significant disappointment. I know who likes chocolate. Our zane burji
Loves chocolate one of our bacon. Oh nice melons behind you there
That's we check the boobly. Boobly is out short. I don't appreciate the speculation about non-Rumsfeld
He's doing a fine job. I strongly supporting
Or say to critics who believe that you're ignoring the advice of retired generals military commanders
You say that there needs to be a change
I said I listen to all voices
But minds of final decision and Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job. I have strong confidence in Don Rumsfeld
I hear the voices voices voices voices voices voices
But I'm the decider
Huckabee he wasn't expecting to win
Okay, and then I'd like to ask her in South Carolina. He should do better. I would rather look ahead to that
Yeah, okay
Okay
Jen hold on two seconds Rick. Can you hold on two seconds Jen? Where's my um
New Clinton Obama till those two cards you made me
That you put out you condensed to two cards. Oh here it is here it is you have to just just title them okay
Okay, Clinton Obama you know what I mean? Okay, otherwise it's hard for me to pull them out
You know what I mean?
Okay, thank you never mind. Sorry
Okay, sorry Rick
Is that a bad monitor on top to set a curiosity?
So it looks so much better in the one below
So I guess I guess Romney was exuding kind of false confidence right
Harkening back to his Olympic experience in South Lake City
Well, will he do well in Michigan?
Today is Tuesday, right? Yeah, thank you
I'm sorry. I'm feel like I'm losing my mind
Wow, at least you can't lose your ratings Katie because you don't have any
I'm kind of like uh sit the kid can't complain about his ratings. You don't have any we're making up uh stuff again
Yeah, here's the poll 903 votes on a poll while listening to the Nina Rogers show whose opinions and observations
You agree with most often and by the way the emails today are all a bunch of O'Wacco's try to be as wacky fake Wacco's but you know
But that's good keep them coming kill some good time whose opinions do you agree with most often kneels 528
Georgia's 225
No one's I don't listen to the show are participating the poll 68 they don't participate in the polls
But we got 68 of these idiots who voted on it figure finger that out and until it's in color. I'm your friend 35
Bored off 29 like a fat Chris which we still have no reporting who's doing the bedtime stories
A random emailers fake celebrity 18
fake celebrity
Like Greg Goodell
Celebrity in his own mind
How are listeners like me supposed to register our complaints?
You got to admit that is one of the all-time I mean that one just
Really caused a big pus bubble in my ass
Here's fake Gregory Belmore in the Belmore building in Oka-Lusca acres
There is no such place there's an Oka-Lusca acres
And there's also no such zip code but nevertheless
I feel compelled to address your format or lack of same
Perhaps you'd receive a higher listenership if you looked over your gigantic ego and view the ratings of the successful
Radio shows and capitulated to the fact that a conservative viewpoint is what people want to hear
Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh need I say more get with it man take a realistic conservative view talk about the horrors of abortion
pornography and homosexuality then and only then will you gain the eminence you desire
You may thank me with a return email to the address below kind regards some fake fake name in a fake city with a fake zip code
He's a new uh
Faker in last last few days last couple of weeks
Gregory screw you Gregory
Sam says there's talk at the water cooler of the new GR show
George claims a new voice for radio other claims of the old regime is nearing the end upset me
Yeah, I still listen to other claims of the old regime nearing the end upset me yet. I still listen to the GR show you
When George play well, he's got the G you know and say I say when George places music automatically click off the dial
Usually it's the band on the rise story with bizarre noises thrown in and people struggling to play their instruments
I'll usually check back to see if the music is passed after some time then I'll start my listing again
Lord listener discovered you by chance many years ago Sam
Love the GR show
Says subject
Talk at the water cooler of the George Rodriguez. Yeah, George is moving and he's taking over
If you're a Tomcat too busy being famous to raise your little kitten come to the Scientology daycare center
Where there's a time for everything like story time
Okay kids
That's here some warfare details from Elmother Humberb
Playtime come on kids everyone on the jumping couch
And even show and tell time
Well, hey kids, I'm Zeno the clown and I'm gonna twist these balloons just like this crazy religion is gonna twist your little vives
The Scientology daycare center you don't know the history of daycare we do you're being glib stop being glib
How come they don't put a skull and crossbones over anything or connect with religion
Because they're the ones in control of everything killer killer religion baby fill in the blank whichever one you want
killer
Kill your enemies
Smote them smite them smite them get out of here with all that crap
Air be corner of the world. They're all busy killing each other because their god is better than the other guys god and yada yada yada
And their bubble my seas are more accurate and etc and so much a bull crap
Talk about a waste of time and money and energy. Can you imagine the good time we could be having with that money? Oh, yeah
My god. They're having a good time with it. Yeah, they're having a hell of a good time with especially the Catholic Church
All those priests who want to continue altering boys
Vinnie says you're sure what's perfect as is perfect. Yeah perfect my ass all the negative vibes are probably from people who loved bush
That puts probably doesn't even know he's not in the White House anymore go Obama go Neil God bulk of any thanks Vinnie
Show isn't perfect nobody's perfect. Okay. The show isn't anywhere near what we would like it to be but then again
This is the agent which we live that's right
And we're hoping that Obama put some more moderate people on the FCC and that they uh loosen up their ass a little bit
And that maybe Joyce has a massive heart attack and croaks this week. Yeah little things like that could help
Oh, don't go blaming Joe Bell now for yeah, I'm not blaming anybody for anything
I'm still taking home a good check every two weeks. I'm doing just fine. I'm doing fine
Joe says why don't you have a segment where Neil is genuinely emotional? Oh Joe who is also so I may vent
Remember yesterday so I may yeah
Wait hear it out
But the real Neal Rogers that if that indeed is your real name our E E LED
You're in so many stupid people out there. It's just scary if that's your real name
Let your listeners in on the day for a day in the life of Neal Rogers
Have a have a tear one time or even vent another way
The schmuckies you spew know that ain't swell. I mean just words that haven't been invented yet
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Please share open up Neal share with your intrigue listeners what really and I mean really drives an extremely old man to bitterness radio
I say as long as the paychecks roll in at least uh something help the real effort the bittersweet sounds of Jesus real save your Neal
God Rogers. I'm off to take a schmit
Does that make any I mean some of these people are
Just insane. They're crazy people. They need to be rounded up and taken away with a butterfly net
Wow
Here's one that says I'm sick and tired of you being negative about Steve Geltstein's radio skills when you have George
Hasn't been on the radio assigned gold gold gold Goldie Goldstein's mom
Sick and tired of you being on the ear when guilty
It's got the great voice and the great nose and also
Comes on an MSNBC at night
Posing his racial motto that's guilty. I'm telling you I recognize that schnauz anywhere
Me is back again me now pretending to be friendly
You you people you think that the phone calls are bad you people on these emails are more spastic than ever
You don't need to take calls people like me don't have anything useful to say useful US
USE FU LL I prefer email because I know I'm useless and you won't hang up on me
I still look forward to your show even though it makes no sense
So
Let me ask you how the how if we don't take any calls how are these people supposed to get through with their complaints?
Uh smoke signals
Morse code
Carrier of the Oscar nominations then whatever if you want or we don't have any more emails. Oh one of that case maybe I do in my pile
Read the phone book or something
I'm not reading the stuff. Okay reading is the kiss of death. Oh
Here's one from Tom Murray
No material just eternal devotion your university Toronto 74 to 78 work the maple leaf gardens for Turkbroda's brother on the maintenance crew
Got into all the games free settler Ellis Lanny later five dirlaggo. Hope we live to see another cup. Yeah
Cup my ass, okay gently
More good god
Vesa Tospa couldn't stop a beach ball from 60 yards away
Ruled by a two-year-old child
Don't get me started
Benjamin Button is Oscar's front runner with 13 nominations
Period love story the curious case of Benjamin Button emerges the front runner for the Academy Awards
Thursday after landing a whopping 13 nominations
You know what that will be is even all about. Oh, it's Brad Pitt. Yeah, he's agent backwards
He's what aging backwards. Oh another one of those. What was that Jim Kerry movie where um?
He was the same that the day kept repeating
Yeah, that wasn't a Jim Kerry movie wasn't yeah, Bill Murray
Roger Jim Kerry ground. No Jim Kerry the day kept repeating
Jim Kerry all right then you told me I don't know I didn't see it and I sure as I didn't see the curious case of Benjamin's button
The critically acclaimed role man starring Brad Pitt as a man who ages and reverse
Edged out India set rags to which is drama slum dog millionaire which scored 10 nominations
Benjamin Button scored nominations in most of the blue riband categories. Oh, what does that mean? I don't know
blue riband
Something about picture and best director while the film's leading man pit also went to best actor
I'm so tired of him. Oh my god
Enough with him already. We're tired
The film's 13 odds was just one shot the all-time record of 14 nominations held by 1997's Titanic in
1950's Betty Davis classic all about you which both went under when best picture award
But there was a disappointment for Batman blockbuster the dark night
uh, which failed to earn nominations either the best picture of best director categories
Two areas where the film had been tipped to score
However, the film did an appointed posthumous Oscar nomination for Australian dead actor Heath ledger
A year to the day after the hearts robbed out in bed accident will overdose in New York
Ledger picked up a best-important actor nomination for his spelled binding performance as the Joker
And is now the heavy favorite heading into the February 22nd awards extravaganza and Hollywood's code act theater
Other contenders in the best picture category our political drama Frost Nixon
Gus Van Sands biopic milk starring Sean Penn as trailblazing gay politician Harvey milk
The surprise nominee which appeared to squeeze out the dark night is Steven Dalry's Nazi drama the reader
In acting categories pit will be up against sentimental favorite Mickey Rourke. Oh my god
Superb is a washed up prize fighter in the wrestler
Penn for his role in milk and Frank Langella will place disgraced former US president Nixon and Frost Nixon
Richard Jenkins of the visitor completes the line up for best actor
Pits partner Angelina Jolie is meanwhile nominated invest actors category for a performance in challenge a changeling
changeling
What is that the verdivine
Her rivals will be Kate Winslet-Meryl Streep and Hathaway and Melissa Leo
O Leo Walker that's the chick that does the
Business report on the all-new station here
680 news Leo Walker
And then of course there's Contessa and all these people the directing categories mirrored the best
Picture race Fisher a venture earned it not for Benjamin Button while Britain Danny Boyle was nominated for a slum dog millionaire
Ron Howard best director Oscar winner for beautiful mind was also nominated along with Van Sands
Did you look up the Jim Kerri movie by the way? I'm trying to tell you
That you're thinking of the wrong movie. Is it Bill Murray? Yes
Groundhog day repeats the same day around hog day
That's it. Yeah, that's Bill Murray. Bill Murray didn't see it
I used to like Bill Murray once upon a time you know when he was funny
Ron Howard nominated for something
In supporting acting categories ledgers rivals include Robert Downey Jr. for Tropic Thunder Josh Brolin and milk
Phil have seen more Hoffman in doubt and Michael Shannon revolutionary road
Wasn't doubt the movie you kept telling me I should see
No doubt
No best supporting actress race on nominations for doubt co-stars viola davis and Amy Adams
Spanish star penalty crews picked up a nod for Woody Allen's comedy Vicki Christina brothelona
Marisa Tomey the wrestler and taraji P. Henson the curious case of Benjamin Button complete the field
Another categories israel's waltz with busher was named in the best foreign language race
Where we'll compete against Germany's the bottom minehawk complex
Francis the class depends the purchase and rawhan Sh from Austria rawhan Sh
God
And that's it. I mean there's a whole bunch more. I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna pain the audience reading all that. Anita Marx resides in Baltimore
And I have no email no further information from the fake Anita Marx now that she's out of the closet
This is the Neoroncher show
This is your brain
I
Bet that you played high-bought for 2009. I tell you what I got fat over the break
I ate so much turkey when the doctor put his hands up my color to do my exam
He pulled out stuffing. I'm serious. There was actual bread crumbs and chopped onion not that you care
But it's gonna be a tough year for yours truly. I can't bitch moan wine. Can't plant anymore because my guys in the white house
Maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people forget a hobby. I've always wanted a hobby
Maybe I learned to play the trumpet on the sofa
Stop and lost my mind for a minute nobody cool places
Soap phone is impossible to look cool while you had that big donut around your head
Why don't you always make the fat kid play the sofa anyway? Let's get right to play high-five my first guest with
2009 is the president of the United States. I should say outgoing George Bush. How are you?
You have a crazy laugh anybody ever telling that?
You make me nervous why you looking at my zipper? Does it bother you having a last name Bush? Does it answer the question?
Go ahead. Go ahead times up don't answer that question my next guest on high-five first episode
2009 don't have another guest real life people don't like me anymore. Well come on the program
Gotta talk to nine issue people like congressman for Maine. What the hell guess 2009 makes me the news anchor most likely to play the
Sousa phone up on back for another year on MSNBC happy new year the Truman show Jim Curie
Okay
When you discovered his life was a TV show, okay? Well, that's what it says. I didn't see it. I think I did see it
I understand that's the movies about I didn't see it either
You didn't no I can't believe that a Jim Curie movie you didn't see he's another one. We're tired. We're tired
I like him a lot in the beginning. You know, he was pretty funny. Mm-hmm. He's Canadian, you know
Mm-hmm
Well, don't hold that against him. I don't oh
Cornell says I know this might be off topic this morning off topic
Cornell usually you're a pretty irrational guy. What does it mean off topic? Do we have topics on this show?
Yeah, you've got to do topics near like abortion and factory and like that
I do factory as much as I can so I heard lately though
I was watching Chris Matthews last night. I couldn't help but think about the bit
Every time I hear it I crack up. It's like the Disney bits. I heard a million times still laugh like it's the first time I heard it
I want to know if you guys are the person who made the bit ever send it to the person
You're poking fun at no, we don't I think Chris has a good sense of humor. We'll probably enjoy it
He picks to add himself all the time for interrupting his guests
No, I'm also starting an email campaign to bring back Hank. Oh, that'll have a real big impact Cornell
Save your energy do something constructive goes feed a starving pigeon or something
Always a great show you guys are the best thing on radius is Cornell
That's why I played
Chris Matthews play yeah
Harball stop all
Cliff and Kendall who's a little bit slow on the upchuck evidently
Says Neil the more I study John provolta smooching his nanny the male nanny the more I can't find any other explanation
That is a lovely w kissy poo with tongue. What a fag is the assontology closet case question mark
That's like saying is today Thursday. I mean come on Cliff
Cliff also was usually fairly sharp, but I don't know. Maybe it's the post inauguration blues
Because these people seem to be really off their feed, you know
Yeah, better take some cause otherwise. How can they call them with their complaints? That's right
Oh, that is just
Nothing new on here now, but thanks to somebody sent me all the Jim Carey stuff
And I scroll down and I thought oh the Truman show that's it and I googled it and sure enough
937 votes on the pull I think when we get to a thousand I'll change it because Eric's already got the new one up ready to
Ready to rock and roll with it I read
Nothing's new ones all that great in fact. Let me take a look at what it is. Oh, it's another Charlie B pool. Oh
Charlie, you know, you do so much for us with so many pulls, but unfortunately so many of them are so bad
But it just goes to show you how tough it is coming up with a new and nifty and well, maybe not nifty, but a new pool idea every day
Right? Yep, it's tough. God, it's only 1104 this show seems like it's going to be an 80 hour marathon today
I could be wrong. Maybe I'm just getting old
Gellie 4 to 7 maybe that's what got me a little off my feet seeing Gellie on the schedule again. Oh my god
940 on the pull
When listening to the near Roger show whose opinions and observations you agree with most often
Neils 555
Georgia's 231 now if you took the same pool when you were doing the show it would probably be like ask backward, you know, right?
Because all the roller skating people are roller skating people if they really wanted to understand that the things that we disagree without
About you and I they do with me more often especially the important things like penis
Music movies penis. Yeah
Most of us are disgusted by them. They come in handy. That's what I heard most of them are disgusted by them. Most of us are yeah
Most of you want to maybe there's a sharp instrument in the studio there. Uh-huh. No, not my own maybe you can cut it off
Don't cut. I know I think I have said for years
That the sex organs are hardly in it and by themselves, you know
Not attractive things I
Disagree
Breasts yes, but a breast is not a sex organ. I don't I just like the
Chinatailia are not well, whatever I know
Neils 555 Georgia's 231 no one's I don't listen to the show participate in the polls 68
Yeah, likely story 68 people don't participate in the polls, but they voted on this one finger that out, huh?
Stick your finger deep inside your ass and figure that out
And intelligent caller I'm your friend 36. Yeah, let me know when we get one
Board office 30 and a random email is fake celebrity 20 like the fake we don't have any of the fake good people on today
What what's that all about? I don't know beg they'll they'll run I'm not gonna beg
Neil at nearodgers.com. They know the email address
I'm gonna beg for fake emails especially you need a mark now that she's out of the closet
And we have the story that she resigned for one more year in Baltimore and she's not coming to QAM
Although they were courting her they wanted a run this show in that show and uh all over the place
It's so well because she's got a hot ass
And I guess although I guess the deal here probably fell through once they found out she was Jewish
Join Georgia Gulf Stream tomorrow as we get waiting for the sunshine millions on Saturday
Now let's see tomorrow is uh picked the pony day. Jess
The best of the best from Florida, California, competing some big stake races throughout the day
Saturday Gulf Stream and we'll be doing Neils picked the ponies again tomorrow look for um look to go two for two with one of our listeners
And look to go two for two. Oh my god
Also Saturday will be given away for tickets to the super big game in Tampa next weekend
And there'll be a chance to win a new Honda CRV from Patamkut Honda
Hey, you want to enter that contest George? Maybe you can win it all right for info and directions go to Gulf Stream Park.com
I mean, they would look a little bit bad, but hey George Rodriguez is the winner of that. They would be great and rig it at all. No
Not in the least
Don't forget we're going to be given away. I'm telling you don't forget right. I won't tell me don't forget
We're going to be given away a couple uh, how many hey, don't forget. I don't know whatever it says there two certificates to the uh, the 15th Street fisheries
And the other ones that go on sale are at like a noon today good for great place. Yep
Yes
Stephen Kendall says I think it's worth mentioning that during his inaugural address the president at least ignores the existence of non non believers
Yeah, I got an article about that. He's the first president ever the first president elect ever inaugurated to acknowledge non believers
He then bastards like me
At me
Well, George's a little wimpier about it. Yeah
Stephen Kendall says I say a man to that. I also can't wait till our government permits us freedom loving citizens to travel to Cuba
I'll be the first one on the plan to give my money to the communist before Walmart and McDonald's invade says Stephen Kendall
Well good for you, Steve. Hallelujah. Oh, Phil
Oh, Phil Ark the radio maven while at least we got somebody on here
He's not one of the well, he is kind of chronic
But he's not one of the fake this one or fake that one. He's the fake Phil Ark. I wonder if he's related to Jonah of
You think oh, yeah
Who is the dyke that played Jonah Vark?
Excuse me
The dyke actress which which movie version
1945 I want to say Ingrid Bergman. Ingrid Bergman. She was a guy. I don't know
Why not?
Expertise man, but she had a child out of wedlock, you know with a man. So what is that proof?
The crew she's got of a jyna. Yeah, well most dikes don't accidentally get pregnant, you know, they do it on purpose
No, she had an affair in no tourist affair ingrid Bergman. That's right
I'll tell you who the dykes were was a polonegry and whoever the other one was the two dykes the beards for Rudolph, Valentina. Oh, I see. Well
Yeah
Phil Ark says Anita Marx wasn't ever going to come down here because
In Baltimore her radio show is simultaneously broadcast on M.A.S.N. Mid-Atlantic Sports Network
Which it is continuing to be by the way you can cash it on direct TV in the six 20 channels
No way to a bell could assure her she was going to get extra national exposure like that
You need people with fully developed and very opinions maybe young and cheap but new blood for the resident lineup for sure
P.S. I know you saw a dike tani on Tuesday with the wheelchair in the stick in the hand
My question to you is which of the following did you remind you of the most doctor strange love or mr. Potter and it's a wonderful life
doctor strange love for sure
For sure
Fishes
Well, let me ask you this if we don't take any calls today
Oh, don't tell me I lost that thing
Oh, don't say you're lost it that would be bad. Not that email. Yeah, you got to frame it
Can't find it. Oh, well, what it was something about the how can people give through with their complaints right just we
How can people contact us with their complaints not with their ideas not with their opinions not with their questions
Not with their anything, but with their complaints
Where where where all you people want to go. What go away drop dead go go go wild on to somebody else
Go go do it to somebody wants to hear your crap
Hey, did
nauseating
Oh, here's the fake one from the department of the treasury. Let me tell you one of the surest ways of knowing it's a fake email
Is when it's written to nobody right or from so and so to blank
Here's one that says are you thinking about the Truman show Jim carry was in that one. It's about him being in a fake world
It's part of a TV show another dumb movie
Yeah better late than ever see yeah, there's a delay on these um
Oh, now New York City Dave also comes up with a thing. Oh, now he's the one that sent this to me originally the list of the Jim carry movies
Thanks New York City Dave. I knew you were good for something
Wow
Well, this is the hour. No, we do the certificates tomorrow. We do the picked a pony contest. You got an appearance on Saturday. Why not? No, I think
next week
On a wait a minute
Tomorrow you're gonna be a Gulfstream correct. I just read the promo for it. I wasn't paying any attention
We've got words on a page, you know what?
Do you ever do that all the time on a page and you don't know
The extra bad thing. Yeah, yeah, it's like an autopilot
Now that's right my mind was on autopilot because it was about you being a Gulfstream tomorrow
Which is good. We have a lot of fun when you go out there and maybe now take a lot of money with you. I am I'm too
Because we're gonna be betting all the couple hundred dollars a race minute
I'm gonna talk to you
Holy cow errands coming. I don't believe it
On her rusting and went right up to my
Not I was in the sky
Now I'm in a submarine
I'm in a
Crazy my
A bag of blue diamond nut is floating by my nose
Under me
The Hudson I could see
A rocking porch with both his feet
In a bucket of concrete
Oh
Still all along the way
Thanks to a closet stupid
That is a water rush
1118 at 560 wqm happy Thursday to you the world flaming the Aranger show
Chuck and Chicago says I'm at work. I had to take off the headphones to take a call
Sorry about the delay
I apologize for being a moron. Do you know what he's talking about? Nope
The Truman show is still sucked
And he says I'll take the five horse in the second race tomorrow
I don't know who I'm gonna take because I don't have the entries yet. I said Steve Sloan
I'm sure you guys chuck and Chicago says what I'm sure you'll get them at some point at some point
Well, what kind of a promise is that?
I'm sure you'll get them at some point. I that's no promise at all
What kind of an assertion is that it's a psychic prediction. No
Georgia and says
Yo Neil. Oh, no, this is Georgia and it's Robin South Miami who I guess on the internet probably poses as Georgia
Rob says this is this the same and need of marks that played professional women's football here at Miami
Yes, I believe they were called to Miami tropics. Yes. She played quarterback. Yes. That league lasted almost five seconds
Yes, love the show. Yes, Robin South Miami. That's the same in the Indian coming
She's standing in Baltimore. So jolly joe bells gonna have to come up with some other
Half-assed deal some other half-assed solution to the mess that he made
God
Just like a little child with a toy and just abusing it and
losing it
Smashing against the wall and breaking into a million little pieces. Oh, you know what I really enjoyed. Where did I have this?
Almost as much as that
Pes oh
Yeah Christmas time
Somebody in the entourage I forget who I had like a pesd dispenser with a bunch of pesd and I haven't had that in years
Yeah, pesd is good so Paco had like about a half a package of pes left and he gave it to me and I can't tell you how much I enjoy that craft
Great. Nothing. I'm gonna go out and give me a pesd dispenser or anything like that. Why the hell do you need that?
We can just buy it on the package. I don't know where you buy pees
Anywhere Walgreens, you know, in a drugstore they got a pair. Oh, yeah, anywhere. That's got get out of here. All right
See you. We don't got no Walgreens here. What about the packs like what about Rexall big bet sure
What about chopper shopper's drug mart supermarkets? You can buy the bags of the refills and just eat them
Well, that's what I'm talking about who the hell needs the dispenser. It's fun
It is it's half the fun
No, it's not you cock the head back
Like you don't want to like go through a whole procedure. It depends on what your pesd dispenser looks like. Oh
Brackdom I don't know if they have those rocky says the best Cuban food is that Molina's ranch on Red Road
This came in late in the show yesterday. Okay. I believe north of Haya Lia
Classical time with style Molina's ranch on Red Road. We shouldn't get a whole lot of input on that yesterday about
We're in South Florida you can get the best Cuban food
Now Las Vegas you said and a bunch of other people said you're right. Yep, but other than that we sure is how them you like and everybody agreed
La Carrera is caca la Carrera la caca Las Vegas every time I've been there a million times and it's always
What is this Mexican food? Yeah, right now? What is Cuban food when you come right down to it besides beans? Okay, you won't like it unless you're
Why are you chuckling? I didn't say I'm gonna like it. I know I like you say you know
Up all the time and you like beans beans beans nobody's more being intensive than the Mexicans yet
Oh, you've been yet free holly yet free holly yet you eat Mexican food and somehow managed to avoid the beans even though nobody eats more beans
Well, what Mexican food do I eat?
If you're gonna say taco smell is Mexican food people are gonna laugh whatever
Mexicans, everybody screams. Oh, that's not real Mexican food. Nobody I'm trying to explain to you through your bigoted wall
I'm not bigoted beans are a side dish. I don't like beans beans are a side and I don't like like a mole
And we don't have guacamole in Cuba and I don't like that super hot sauce that we don't have
In Cuban food if you like garlic and everything gotta be like extra extra is just boiling hot
Gainingly big thing garlic and onions and citrus on chicken fish meat
That's what Cuban food is in a nutshell. I mean there's lots of other things involved there
But if you don't like garlic or onions, you're not gonna like Cuban food if you do then you're gonna
Because that's all it's about
If you don't like what garlic and onions garlic and onions. I love them both well then madly there you go
And beans are easily avoided. They're a side dish like many other side dishes available. Yeah, they're very popular, but nevertheless
Oh my god
What you find ocean reef club somebody's swimming remember yesterday this is a little bit delayed
Yesterday I asked where the hell's ocean reef because we had an emailer from ocean reef
Right now we get the answer today key larva
I'll get into which is all right. Well, that's what I said yesterday. I hope I wasn't wrong. No
I'm a little bit off mic too freaking bad. Okay. If I'm way off mic too bad. Oh, yeah, who cares?
And Mike who sends me this old article by John Gibson from MSNBC
formerly Fox Nazi news
Nearodgers low blow that was back during the
kind of Lisa days
Okay, me old article ancient remember that yep
All Fox news is gonna get Nearodgers off here that worked really well almost as well as their effort to get McCain elected
I'm not sure which one worked better
Steve says it makes you wonder what was in those boxes that Dr. Strange love was lifting and must have been something even one
A BIOS to see for that fat work avoiding fascist to move them himself
And keeping with the general air of complaints and critiques. I don't like that shirt you're wearing who do I complain to?
Cute
Don't wear the t-shirt
No, I'm not wearing a t-shirt today because it's all the way up to minus two
Usually last a few weeks when it's been freezing cold. I'm a word t-shirts. So what do you wear?
I don't like t-shirts. What you wearing like a parka no
a cardigan
I don't wear sweaters a sweatshirt. No, I'm sure long john shirt. Sure. No, just a sure
Short sleeve shirt. I don't like long sleeve shirts except the one I wore that day at Gulfstream which don't ask me why I did that
Well, I didn't have any other shirts down there that were like pressed like I felt I wanted to wear and so I wore that one
And boy it turned out to be a hundred degrees in the shade and I was sweating and shitting and shitting and people think
Why is Neil wearing that long sleeve shirt? It's so hot. Well, it's a Toronto shirt
This is a light blue like a I don't know like a sear shirt that I'm wearing today, you know
It's not bad for me. It's not a button down
Like you would call an old man shirt
I would yes a short sleeve button shirt
No, it's not button. What do you mean button like with buttons? Yeah, I wouldn't call that old man down
I was all the time
An old man shirt like I said if you want all right sure
Matt says ocean reef club is toward key lager or except you beer left very exclusive and secure
Dicky Nixon was a member there had a lot of rules Roy schooled cards
Here's to Barack and Fox News wedding breathlessly for the first Obama screw up that Katie Kirk bit is unbelievable a huge archive fan
Matt and West Michigan well, there must be a stah town. You're in Matt
I lived in Michigan and worked there for 12 years. Give me a town, you know like Marshall Albian
Grand Rapids West Michigan Holland
Come on, Matt
I'm surprised that we don't have more because we got over a thousand people a day all over the world or listen online
Mm-hmm
And when I say all over the world, you know mostly
Who knows where the hell they are but but I would think we get we'd hear from more of them as in terms of where they are
Like we got the guy in Chicago. Yeah
But we don't hear an awful lot from those people. I think you made it there done a a
Survey in the form of a poll before that we've done that at least a couple times. Where are you listening? Yeah, that kind of thing
boring yeah, but it would be interesting if we have the results somewhere on file, you know what the results are there somewhere on file
The results of what those polls
You think I'm gonna go oh you do it. No Eric can do it
You're the one who came up with it. Oh Eric can do it. There we go poor fat Eric man
The way you abuse him he does so much for us only wish there was something we could do for him
I don't know what that would be kiss him on the cheek. That's it sent him a kiss
Is fleeing his room or what I think he's still in that meeting or so. Oh, well, let me know when he's
Break here. I'll write him a note
Well, no, there's no emergency we can do it any time today
But it'll be appropriate to do it at a time when we're like peddling the certificates at noon in about 34 minutes to 15 speed fisheries
Which George is getting lunch again today. Yes, I am
Michael says I don't want to complain or anything love you in Georgia
I've listened you for years and don't think you should change a thing
I'll listen you every morning on the internet keep up the good work and say hello to George and an emailer was full of Schmidt
Well, there's a most of the emailers are full of Schmidt. That's why they they like to share their Schmidt with the world
That's the way to do it. Neil at nearrogynes.com share your Schmidt with the universe
With biggest name, the best tells us he's not His newest two young
Oh
Million
oh
He starts up all the eggs eyes.
He's great, but...
Cause they have no lies.
And he starts at the cubins for today.
Hell y'all, hell y'all visit his name.
He's standing once a stay.
See a melody on TV.
As a cubins, climb the moon with.
And he ends up here as a man to fall.
To get their way when the hell's set.
To set them back in the hush begun.
We want it all to go away today.
And we're tied up at the old.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on lies.
And we're tied up, really old.
You're fairy.
And we're tied up protests.
We shouldn't send him back.
Absolutely.
He leaves the list in water.
And corollots are long.
Another chance for publicity.
Rather who they owe, should I have it down.
And kill y'all, wants to live when we're making.
And leaving Cuba for behind.
Showing him what gifts and thoughts.
While I am in my hours slowly dying.
And he ends up here as a man to fall.
To get their way when the hell's set.
To set them back in the hush begun.
We want it all to go away today.
And we're tied up at the old.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on lies.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up, protests.
We shouldn't send him back.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on lies.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up.
When's that Obama bounce taking place?
Maybe Maria B. Wong.
Let us know about this.
Now is down a couple hundred points again.
Maybe it's a buying opportunity.
What do you think?
Bye bye bye.
Let's see, your poll really sucks as early.
Please take it off when you hit a thousand votes.
Later the polls have been pretty crappy.
I hate you, PS.
I hate George Moore.
Of course.
Do you feel wounded now?
I'm crying and crying.
How many votes have we got on the poll?
968.
That's close enough.
Let's get rid of it.
Let's change the poll.
Not because Ernie said so or whoever that was.
Phony. Phony Ernie.
Oh, and you want to know why the guy from a Michigan
didn't tell me where he was from?
Why?
Fake.
I see.
Fake.
Well, he came back and admitted he's a fake.
You know, because if somebody was actually in Western Michigan,
they would tell us, you know, Kalamazoo, I'll grant rapid somewhere.
Jackson, Michigan, Concord.
Concord.
Here's the new poll is up there.
If my boss gave me a pink slip tomorrow due to the bad economy and all,
my reaction would be FU.
That's the one.
That's the vote for me.
FU.
In fact, that's my reaction now.
To my boss.
FU.
Just in general.
Oh, loser.
What a destroyer.
But not like Chief Channel.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing.
See, I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
I told you this was all coming.
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
Why don't I do something about that?
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
Mama bee is pretty good.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
And then here's somebody sent me a mama bee.
So now we bring our talents to you on the radio.
Okay, here.
Here is the letter S.
I got it.
Hold my ankle.
The letter P.
I'm going to show you how much you want to do today.
I'm going to get the letter P.
Oh, letter O.
Everybody, everybody.
Oh, oh.
All right.
Back it back down.
A letter R.
Tell you important back here.
Let's go.
Right here.
Letter R.
And T.
That's an easy one.
And S again.
All right.
S.
Fourteen.
Fourteen.
Fourteen.
S.
For the benefit of our listeners, we just spelled sport.
The Blue Man.
Yeah, and five sixty.
W.
You hang out now.
Where the only thing that matters is nothing.
Oh, 13 to the moon is five sixty W.
Q.A.M.
Do we want to do the thing with the give-up?
I'm waiting for a leader somebody to get in there.
I'd love to know it on his desk.
I think he's going there.
Where's that meeting?
I don't know.
How long can that meeting go on?
How many days, how many weeks, how many months, how many years?
That's all they do here.
Oh, I agree.
You know, instead of running a business, they just have meetings.
I don't know what they do during the week.
I go to the groceries for tomorrow for the pick-up pony thing.
By the way, Gregory says, oh my god.
It's long.
Whatever it is, it's not a dog.
I'm sorry, Gregory.
I'll get what I heard.
It's long.
Really long.
I'll pull it in anyway.
You just don't know Gregory.
So here's my entries for the Gulf Stream Park second race tomorrow.
Let's see.
Oh, eight entries.
Eight horses tomorrow.
By the way, congratulations.
Six for longs.
Claiming ten thousand dollars for Phillies and Mirrors.
Four-year-olds on upward, which I've never won two races.
Here's Lady Laurie.
Optime, Optime, genuine diamond with mixed emotions, emerald moon, cacamoon, box of charms,
Barbara's attitude and CBT mocha mocha.
What?
CBT mocha mocha.
I'm never just taking a quick peek at it.
Let's take it down, I'll eat.
So in other words, we shouldn't do that thing until we know that he's in there.
Well, it would be wrong somehow.
It would be what?
Oh, and then we'll get like we did last week.
Oh, we could call that number.
It was disconnected.
Yeah, we got down the right number when I give it out to you.
Okay, when we do that thing, which we're not doing it just in the way,
but strategically disconnected the number for certain people.
Right.
People that we don't want to get.
Yes, right.
Steve and Jersey says listening to the endless QM promos on the stream and the waiting numbers
that just came out are far from surprising.
It's 20 hours of abysmal Josh sniffing.
Each bad host with his own forgettable stick.
Will, P you, will, P you.
Hey, what's up with George's butt?
He picked two fights with you in his many days.
Things unpleasant as home.
And how do you love your wife but hate marriage?
I'm divorced now happily shacked up with a good girl.
It does all these things for me without an argument.
I just like my wife and then we'll never get married again.
But maybe a poll, George, is this the person or is it the person or the institution?
The institution.
The whole concept of marriage, George said the institution.
The perfect way you will have a good relationship.
Why?
I want to ruin a good relationship.
Get married.
Now, what are you eating?
This marina salad I told you about.
You're still eating that?
It's got crab.
It's got shrimp.
Maybe that's why you're so crabby.
But that's it.
And big giant chunks of artichoke.
Mmm.
And that's artichoke.
Artichoke of horse.
Cartiofi.
Artichoke and Italian.
Cartiofi.
I'm impressed.
That's one of the ten words I know.
Oh, let's see.
D. Bar says, I love the show.
I listen online and well it works.
My job is such that I don't interact with coworkers.
Anyway, I just had an experience with your thought I'd share.
I was on a phone with a client and his jerk is actually going to the bathroom as we're doing a transaction.
I mean, there is no doubt what I was hearing.
Who is so thoughtless they would do something like that.
Maybe he's trying to send you a message.
Yeah.
This wasn't someone I'd ever slept with or was married to or anything like that.
I can't believe a person who's just two steps above a stranger would think he has the right to let loose his balls just because he pays me.
Man, that was nasty.
People are effing vile.
This is D. Bar.
I mean, you like that.
Have you ever done that?
No.
Have I ever been on the phone doing an aduce?
Yes.
I mean, not making noise.
Sometimes I'm going to help it.
Now, I will say this, my financial advisor.
His favorite chick the last few months is he likes to work out.
So he gets on the treadmill and he'll call you while he's on the treadmill, huffing and puffing.
Well, I think he's on the treadmill anyway.
We hope.
Yeah, I don't know what he's huffing and puffing from.
Could be something else.
You ever done that though?
Well, on the treadmill.
Had a full conversation in the middle of sex.
No.
Have you?
All the time.
Oh, Mary Lou says the online stream keeps repeating the commercial from Big Go show, taking a call from someone predicting the office when the AFC East.
It happens at least three times in every break during your show and then goes back to your joiner.
What's going on?
Mary Lou, let me put it to this way.
We don't know.
We don't care.
We don't know and we don't care.
And if you people don't stop discussing this, I think we just shut the stream down.
Hmm.
I mean, we're going to have to threaten them because they won't stop with this crap.
I mean, I could stop reading these, but then they'll all come in and read my email.
You know, I just need the audience to understand that we're just constantly bombarded with a cacophony of mong about the damn streaming.
We have no control over.
We have no input, no output, no anything.
So figure it out.
Rudy says one of the better Cuban restaurants in Dave County is Lerio's great croquette.
It's a chicken.
No, it's a ham roll that's deep fried and it's really good.
Crispy on the outside.
Croquette?
See, I thought it was chicken croquettes.
I'm telling you.
Oh, ham roll.
They make them out of chicken too, I think, but the ham ones are good.
And it's rolled.
Right.
It's minced and rolled and breaded.
It's minced.
Yeah.
Are you saying that Cuban guys minced some do?
Oh, you can get it right.
I don't know you.
So Lerio's in Dave County doesn't say where.
Just somewhere in Dave County.
Well, Google it.
Yeah.
Thank you, Rudy.
Paul says little Havana and Deerfield is a great place to go for Cuban food.
The lamb shank they have is the best I've ever had.
I don't like lamb.
I don't either.
Mary had a little one though.
Yeah, I know.
But it was greasy.
And the lamb too.
The food is always consistently good and the people are friendly.
Since I moved to Tampa, I haven't been able to find any good Cuban food.
Well, that's a shame because I got lots of other good food in Tampa.
I'll try a board city.
There you go.
Go to the Columbia restaurant.
That's the Spanish food.
They're not Cuban.
Ever go to the Columbia?
No.
There's one in Sari Soda.
And I'm pretty sure there's one in a board city.
I used to drink pictures and pictures of Sangria there back in my serosoda days, 1973, 100
years ago.
I suppose one thing I miss about South Florida, out of them that good riddance is Paul.
He misses the good Cuban food.
Other than that, he can live without it.
Boy.
Oh, there's Rob Blackgoi of it.
Look, boy of it is accused.
Yeah, we know.
But a beep, but a boop.
But about this throw is asked in the slammer already get him out of our face.
Delicious airport dining.
It says this is from the New York Times travel thing.
It says on a layover in early November, I hoped for good food, though lacking in atmosphere,
the Miami airport much like Miami itself with Cuban restaurants and cafes strewn throughout
the complex, finding an excellent specimen of the Cuban sandwich.
Roast pork ham and Swiss cheese with pickles on a panini pressed into gooey crispy deliciousness.
Should I figure it be easy?
Hardly.
The one in Bongo's Cuban cafe, a slick sandwich bar owned by Gloria Estefan.
The cabana was well pressed, but devoid of flavor.
In other words, delicious, but no taste.
At the cost of a cardi lounge, it was incredibly dry, inedibly dry, which is probably the point.
The drier your mouth, the more the cardi rum, oh, he goes, you'll consume.
I see.
By the time I reached La Carreta, I was nearly into spare.
Surely this outpost of a Miami mini chain looked appropriately shackled like with a stand-up coffee counter and a cheap looking backlit menu that included a host of tropical fruit shakes.
It certainly felt like a little of Anna, but I've been fooled before.
Not this time.
The roast pork was juicy, garlicky and chock full of real roasted flavor.
And the cheese tasted to have actually been produced from the milk of a cow.
La Carreta's was a cubano.
I would happily eat off campus as airline employees referred to the world outside the airport.
Even though the bread was oddly chewy and I wanted more pickles, then again, I always want more pickles as mad gross.
I'll bet.
So he actually liked La Carreta.
How do you like that?
He's the one.
I didn't say there were bad.
I just said, oh my god.
You lied so bad.
Let's replay yesterday's show.
Let's go get out of here.
I'm going to do it.
Well, in a 1230, what's that big heat news coming up?
Oh, yeah.
You're going to have a big press conference in preemptive show?
I hope so.
Oh.
Well, you know, that's a lot more important than whatever we're doing.
You know what?
Press conference.
It's about shack.
It's about the heat.
It's about the bill, whatever, the bill O'Reilly or Pat Riley.
Some of somebody named Mariah.
Chester Riley.
This is Coach Dineshuler.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you,
it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
Uh-huh.
I can still remember the day when he went to town.
I can still remember the day when he went to town.
I can still remember the day when he went to town.
I heard you right here saying,
how much you want him off.
I went to see the pastor who waited out the door.
He's 100 degrees in half time.
But I can't find no fear.
I want to still remember who stopped the way.
So let me ask you,
is it true that Jimmy Cifilis is not returning the asking to do the Alhamn brothers?
I hope I pray.
I haven't heard from Jimmy this morning.
Maybe he's getting the paint slip from my cheap channel.
You think?
Maybe.
So they're sold out to certificates for 15th Street Fisheries unofficially.
I'm still waiting for the officials to go up on the board.
And Jimmy Dorsky, who ordinarily sends pretty decent emails,
he's just out of touch with reality.
Neil, I love the show in both you and George,
but for the love of Christ, can you please have him stop talking with his mouthful?
No!
No, we've been doing that on the show for years.
I think it'll be fun.
What?
Making yummy sounds.
By the way, we can give those certificates away, uh, whatever you want.
Now?
Sure.
What can I finish Jimmy's email?
Or do I have to do it right now?
Whatever.
Email interruptus is what this sounds like to me.
It's beyond enough already, says Jimmy.
I think you're full of crap.
At this point, I'd rather listen him taking the joys.
The salsa music I can put up with, at least it's barely noticeable.
If George eats any closer to the mic, we can all play a game
where we guess the GD ingredients of his lunch.
Sorry to be a caustic D-bag, but the audible eating is maddening.
Take care.
Jimmy, quit with the complaining.
Waaah!
Waaah!
Too much complaining.
Waaah!
The streaming is this.
Waaah!
Streaming is that.
Waaah!
Waaah!
George is eating.
Waaah!
God.
How the hell do people put up with each other?
That's what I like to know.
That's one of the reason marriage must really suck.
And you know, I see these people in wood vine, these couples.
And usually the guy, I mean sometimes the woman is a real beast and smelly too,
but it's usually the guy.
It's like unshaven and unkempt and smelly and just...
Oh, it looks like he came out of a dumpster.
And there's the misses with him.
And I'm wondering, how do these people forget about having sex?
How do these people sleep in the same room, much less in the same bed?
My God!
How could anybody cozy up to anything like that?
You know, you've seen a lot of guys like that?
Sure.
Smarmy.
Yep.
Smelly.
Yep.
Nasty.
Maybe they're good with the stick, you know.
Something's something there.
Or money, they have money.
Maybe they got some cash.
Right.
Or maybe they just know where to stick the stick.
So we're sold out on a fish.
Now, how do we know when...
See, this is one of the many bad parts about not having a fat Chris.
Well, we can read.
We can read what?
The same thing that he used to read.
It's listed right there somewhere.
When you go to past deals and it lists this one.
Now, April 17 of last year,
of 15 speed fisheries sold out in a minute.
They sold out less than a minute.
Oh, it's done.
It's official.
Right.
It's official in less than one minute.
Let's hear it for us.
Oh, my God.
Oh, all right.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
So let's do that thing.
Callers 5 and 6 right now at 1-800-227-0560
when a hundred dollar gift certificate
is at the 15 speed fisheries and Dockside Cafe.
Check out their menu at 15-3 fisheries.com.
Callers number 5 and 6.
We got two of them to give away 1-800-227-0560.
And don't you dare send me email saying,
oh, that number is disconnected.
If you can't get through,
it's because everybody in their brothers trying to get it.
It's right.
God.
So that thing has sold out.
And what just happened on my...
Oh, I don't get it.
Oh, it just disappeared.
It just vanished, I guess.
Because it's sold out.
Yeah, like magic.
It just disappeared off the QM website,
because it's official.
Oh, he didn't know what Smith.
He either going to announce that Zo is going to retire.
Says somebody.
Says Paul.
Zo is going to retire.
Now, do you know where he can get another few kidneys?
In case he ever has any more problems?
No.
Zo? No, I don't.
I'm looking for something.
Oh, Alonzo, you're so big.
Yeah.
I guess Mad Dog would know he gets in all the locker rooms.
He sees who's big and who's not.
Let's see.
Here's one.
Reviews for La Carreta.
Oh, wow.
This spot will make you wish your plane is delayed for two hours.
How do you like that?
You're knocking them in ass.
Let's go back to what I actually said.
You ripped them in ass.
And when you ripped them a little bit, then somebody said it was horrible.
I like to make stuff that you have to find.
It's pretty surprising.
I was trying to make sure to show what I said was their overrated
mediocre at best.
That's what I said.
Vaz Florida, one of my, the obituary guys,
says this other guy can't find a Cuban restaurant in Tampa.
La Terecita by the stadium is pretty good.
But my restaurant in West Tampa would be pretty good too.
Any, any of them, Columbia, still in Ebor City,
worth going to.
Columbia, but that's not Cuban food.
It's Spanish food. Can you tell me what the difference is?
You don't know. You don't know from Spanish food in a way.
I don't.
You've never been to Spain.
Correct.
I have. I was in Madrid.
And you know something.
I don't recall the food.
I don't know.
I know that Madrid to me was kind of boring.
All the buildings were like white and the pasty looking and old and just lacked.
I don't know. It was okay.
Madrid.
I never been to Barcelona though, but everybody tells me I need to go to Barcelona.
Not everybody.
But Paco was there.
He liked it. Of course, he speaks the language, you know.
And he also found lots of queens there too, I guess.
Reviews for La Carreta.
You're going to really rude the day that you opened up a big mouth.
Now, Christina C. in San Jose, California says, this bottle make you wish your plate is delayed for hours.
It's hard to believe the airport food is this wonderful.
I love Cuban food and La Carreta did not disappoint me.
In fact, I was very surprised at the authentic Cuban cuisine served here.
The beef was great. The moral rice was stupendous.
And I couldn't give a hood about missing my flight to Philly.
Angie Bees says, the best meal I've ever had in an airport.
La Carreta.
I'm out way back from Bahamas.
Some friends told me to try La Carreta in the terminal.
They had the head some on the way in.
This is located right outside the security gates for terminal D.
On the backside, this food court style where you pick up a tray in order whatever you want.
Since I had time to burn, I decided to sit in the bar where you can order off the same menu.
I ordered the Chorascolca de Tarrot, skirt steak.
Okay.
Which came with rice plantains and black beans.
The meat was marinated nicely, it wasn't over-done or tough.
I really liked the plantains, was sweet and gooey and a bit crunchy, very nice.
It was a lot of food. I could barely finish it.
I was stuffed in in food coma heaven.
I tried their drink specials, Cuba Libre and Mojito, which were okay.
If I'm traveling through MIA again, I'm definitely stopping in.
That's Angie Bees from Ithaca, New York.
Gregory from Santa Monica, C.A. says, really enjoyed my lentil soup.
And the Cuban sandwich was pretty good, but skimpy on the pickles.
They need to put more La Carreta stands in the Miami airport,
though I had to walk all the way from Concours J to Concours D, which wereily sucked.
Debbie Y and Frisco, since I read the New York Times Review of the airport location of La Carreta,
my amissally decided to give a try and layover.
It's a very solid choice if you need a meal to your port.
Cafferteria style ordering with self-seeding and a huge number of tables.
Everything we had was pretty good and certainly above expectations for an airport restaurant.
The ordering process was very confusing, however.
It would be good if they updated their science to help out visitors.
No speaking English, and I don't think that's what she means.
Andres and Cambridge masses.
Now, this is the kind of airport dining that all the airports should have.
Affordable, authentic, casual, easy to grab and go.
Midnight sandwich totally hit the spoppie for a rush off to my flight.
Jan Z and Frisco says excellent food for an airport, but not as others made it seem.
A bit too crowded.
And then here's somebody, Jennifer, who says, oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
I think Jan is having a, Jan is having an experience other than.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
That's entirely possible.
You know, these people have nothing to compare it to.
You know, traveling through the airport, that's the only time that they've ever had such a meal.
No, I'm suggesting she's having a sexual experience in the airport.
Oh, oh.
Anyway, Jennifer says, yes, that's the sound I make every time I fly to my airport.
Reason being, I always come to this restaurant or the empanadas.
Not only do I order beef, well, one beef, one chicken, one guava, oh.
And cheese and guava empanadas for myself.
I know, but it's so worth the guilt.
I'd also order another set just so I can take it back home to Frisco and have it later.
In fact, I'm eating one right now as I tap this review.
I don't care that some of the guava is dripping onto the keyboard.
I don't care that it's my fingers are wet with grease.
I don't care the flaky buttery crust is all over my shirt pants and table.
I love this place.
We'll always make it a point to come here for the empanadas.
Mmm.
Oh my god.
She says, Jennifer.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
I don't know where she's sticking the chalupa, but I think I have a pretty good idea.
Well, there's a few more of them here, too.
Everybody loves La Carreta except George.
Oh, God.
Tonight, tune in for the premiere of an all-new survivor.
People stranded on an island 90 miles south of the Florida coast with limited food,
poor education and bad housing, each contestant devising a plan to escape the island
and traverse the treacherous waters to safety.
With my yavet, the Odolgrac, I can smuggle inner tubes and make a rat.
Join us each week for Cuban survivor.
I don't care what those gringos did.
I'm not eating rat.
Cuban survivor with special gas toast, Gillian Gonz.
Gillian.
We'd be ill in.
Prove 16 at 5.60 W.Q.M. did we use?
I'm sure we did.
We gave away those certificates.
Yes.
Quickly.
Fast.
And nobody, nobody emailed and said, oh, I tried dialing that number.
I like last week.
Well, now that you mentioned it, maybe they will.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sure of that.
Here's the new pool, 88 votes.
If my boss gave me a pink slip tomorrow and drove the bad economy, my reaction would be
FU-24.
Amen.
FU.
A couple more letters, but I left them off.
What will I do now, a 16?
More time for Weed and Beer 11.
Deep depression, 10.
I understand why you have to let me go five.
No problem.
I have a new job lined up tomorrow, five.
You have to let me go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have to let you go five.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
Today.
doing.
I have met a lot of fun news and fun now we discussions even
I visit many times already three days in Iowa.
Er Temu,
Jan B
Lorke says say centimetres.
Garrett ,
Understood and into,
all right let's get back to these great carette la careta reviews there's a
whole there's a hundred of them wow well there's not a hundred but there's a
whole bunch of them here's one and Daniel B from Albany says it's really said
that one of my favorite restaurants in the world happens to be in an
airport if you ever find yourself flying in or out of Miami International do
yourself a favor and check out la careta the food is spectacular my favorite is
the empenny empenny Zato steak empenny Zato oh well I can't say like you there
you go empenny Zato steak but I'll normally order Cuban sandwich to go as
well great desserts too a Lissia in Seattle says this is the reason why I fly
into Miami instead of Orlando my last trip home to Miami I was frantically eating
Cuban sandwiches every chance I got it was a fun trip many many Cuban
sandwiches as it would turn out the first one out of the gate this one from
la careta in the airport of all places was the best of the bunch the secret is
all about balance and proportion and it's harder than one might imagine but
this one has the perfect mix of ham roast pork and cheese and most importantly
the role is pressed to perfect goodness brilliant blew the doors off the
Kubanova Versailles which was much too ready really no other sandwich I had
that we came even close to la careta in spite of what that little group all
George says yeah this is from Daniel in Berkeley California my favorite
dessert Miami is that that is free of lactose is pastelito de guayaba
see pastelito de guayaba see and la careta is number one in Cuban cooking in
Miami so I went to the best their trace latechase and flying are out of this
we're all flan I hate fl- oh it's so slimy not if it's done right it's slimy not
if it's done right and then it says you want to know about pastelito
de guayaba it's guava pastry a flaky buttery dough with guava jelly inside
and the pastry is brushed with honey honey and baked till it's nice and brown
wonderful with coffee or tea as soon as my plane landed I had to be at la
careta just seems to be a fact of life everyone goes to la careta for homestell
human food but I go for the dessert and Luis thanks for putting empanada de la
espinaca edel queso on a menu basso basso wow basos kiss kiss yeah I know all right I
know what that means casos this is from somebody or pancake in Oakland
California what a name hooray at the best restaurant any airport anywhere with
great Cuban sandwiches it makes a long as flight to wherever bearable wow
daniela in Fremont California says delicious empanada de carne pastelito de
queso and of course cafe con leche all in the airport terminal wow wow
Jordan from Miami says I ate here before getting on the plane to head back to
California was definitely great being able to enjoy Cuban food one last time
before leaving Miami and what a great way to enjoy it too this place is
cafeteria style in other words you basically walked on this long row of every
Cuban entree appetizer and dessert you could ever imagine pilot on your tray
and then pay when you're done it seems a little pricey but it really wasn't
considering the enormous variety of good quality food my boyfriend and I shared
a heaping plate of Cuban style pot roast with potato salad something
contrasted like chasing Cuban soda was 14 bucks Jordan and his boyfriend wow a
Jordan you ferry okay so that that's it I mean there's a couple more but
that don't do anything that they only put on the good reviews I guess I assume
that's what it sounds like well because we're getting stuff of course our people
you know they're bitchy and moaning bad bad where can we call with our complaints
bad I still take it over that that was just even you admitted that was one of the
all-time best yes it was Sean our poll buddy Sean from Hollywood says in honor of
your Cuban food intensive show last night I whipped up a mess of bistec de
polo polo polo see in the tenets polo bistec de polo with sauteed onions
rice black beans and fries see there we go with the black beans again fat
in fact I'm typing this missive to you from the laptop as I sit on the bowl last
that I was farting like a currency who ate a bad truffle of silence and S.I.L.A.G.E
silence something that comes from a silo I guess George is correct about
Las Vegas always dependable but eating there exactly half my life right
Lylas used to have a great place in the highly they still have a place in
steak top with a stack fries what I said yes
Pyomeo Palomilla with haste it's not spelled right with haste
act fries that mr. Creoso Creoso wouldn't be able to finish also
fantastic since a small driving down in Dale where you can get a tasty Cuban
sandwich fish or chicken lunch for the price of a wapper combo PS are you
boycotting my polls because of the Mexican parasite crack I made a
while back no I'm not I'm not boycotting any part just got a whole list of
all these people get so sensitive about their poll if so I take it back I'm sure
Paco is an ice kid yes he is just because he's got more son tant on his palm
than the rest of what and just another shot that I don't get another shot but I
don't get it explain that dream palm you know but you're right surely since I
lost out last time you featured 15 street fisheries but I scored two this time
I'm doing my happy dance oh maybe she want to say oh and you know something I
don't know if I want to 649 last name maybe I'll check my numbers on the online I
have a friend visiting next month so I hope to take him there tell George I'll
try to stop by to say hello tomorrow surely is gonna stop by and that nice
excellent surely you'll like her she's she's nice people all right you know one
eight hundred says that number has been disconnected or no yeah right get out of
here Paula get lost if it's no longer in service oh yeah here's one it says we
get it like her it does okay or pretty good says gust well I didn't really mean
to read all those I just assume there would be like a variety if you want to
cheap and easy you get it fat and smelly says Fred and Voka oh God talking
about the couples I was talking about a woodbite and elsewhere cheap and easy fat
and smelly El Paso
the best talent you're busy you know right she wants me to sing God bless
America and paste ease in the G-string up here I'll do it money has been a
little bit tightly we I only have this much money I declare
back around say we're all scraping for some dough all our payments are
months behind my kid wants the latest mobile but I'm in the unemployment line she
complains to her mother she needs the best clothes in town but my daughter can't
see that we're broke she's spending me to the ground I'm broke tell my daughter
no she don't realize daddy gonna spank me broke from my daughter your daddy's
little girl your dad took money for this school book fair only just go shopping
new graduates are asking for breast implants tough thirty two at five sixty w
two and don't forget go see George tomorrow Gulfstream ten to two give him some
tips bring him a bag of money so he can punch his guts and find him a good machine
too why do I find him a good machine man yeah man yaman Marty says whenever I
have had a Cuban sandwich it's a strange combination of spices and flavors
that make it taste like an armpit bless this morning bless
and here's here's a really amusing one from J.G. who says
Neil if you ever go to La Carita you must order rectus de pollo fritos
and yeah I just parted by the way oh well fits right in and as as
growth of state carney they they chair no asados ala parilla
wow what did I say wrong I saw those you just put the accent in the wrong
place and I said no as well I had he said rectus so I thought was as
have a dose anyway was a little acidic okay I'll be sure and try the rectus
Brandon says I have a dish you might like called vaca frita and it's my absolute
favorite translated pride cow very good oh that don't sound too good what is
you it's vaca frita it's a pot roast and then they and then they steer it like on
the on the grill well what he says it's like a blank steak that's been boiled
shredded and then fried up with some onions it's great give it a spritz of lime
and you have a winner in my opinion but I'll take mine without onions and I'll
take mine with onions it's all take your onions very good done correctly like
anything then then he says nothing is good about La Carita the worst meal of my
life ever was there so he's with you it's just like you're like tempering your
story after you know no no you can replay the tape it's you know and you know as
well as anyone does that when you go to different rest like if you have steak a
lot you go to a lot of different steak restaurants you can start to tell the
difference between you know one restaurant and another between horse meat and
real cow me correct it's like that when there are so many really good Cuban
restaurants in town and I'm about to send you a facts that echoes my
sentiments exactly you know they just turn out to be mediocre yeah that's all
wow John and Lake Worth sends a lengthy right post here about but a beat but
well I'll get to it John emails are pouring in you know something the best
part of this other than one from the a fake layer of a king that I deleted right
away was a stupid we haven't had any from the fake this one of that one
maybe they all got fired by cheap channel you think maybe they're all standing
at the door waiting for their pink slip oh Jimmy would look lovely and why I'm
sure that a pink to do anyway um nothing is good about like I did this is
brand and the worst meal of my life was there if you want good Cuban pastries
go to veckys formerly vickies and pepper pines or Miami lakes or for
George has a great place on 441 between Hollywood and Johnson called Miramar
bakery two doors down there is a Cuban many more they used to have Spanish
porno magazines on the rack available for you just to take a look at while the
rest of your family shops the pictures are in Spanish the magazines might not be
there anymore yeah the pictures are especially the recto state pollo fritos
shameful now do you just ask me something or not yes let's see what George sent
along Peter now why did Peter fax this to us when I don't know Peter's you know
he likes fashion sure the best Cuban food Miami is Puerto Sagua on South
beat 700 columns Avenue Puerto Puerto Sagua okay never heard of it that's
on right it's a G.U.A. Sagua that sounds right Puerto Sagua also a van
a Harry's and Carl gave us on the June road is good too La Caritas like the
Olive Garden of Cuban food and George writes on here amen exclamation amen right
that's a very good way of putting it oh god and all these people write in great
reviews they must have their cases in their focus line you folks out there your
tastes is in your took a seat consider this if it's like the first time you've
ever had Italian food you go to the Olive Garden but you never had Italian food
no you might think it's the greatest thing in the world kaka poop won't have never
been there so I'll take your word for it well they said food at I would he
wants a pot of time the wilted brown salad that stringy pasta oh god enough to
like kaka from not even just to eat it just thinking about it Rudy says I
went to Spain for about two weeks last spring Madrid is a great city it seems
that everybody had a smile on their face having a good time also has great
food paillas and hand sandwiches are great the food is as good as Roman Italy
oh no sorry but Barcelona is a nice place but overrated and by far the most
expensive in Spain the food and Madrid is as good as the food in Rome all
Rudy your taste is in your touch too I think baby wow can you believe that
while you what do you know nothing nothing none of the above if anybody can tell
me that the food anywhere is better than the food in Rome they just aren't
eating the right places in Rome I'll turn to that the food there is to die for
that is does mean that there aren't some bad joints right but generally speaking
to be speaking possible people can just have bad luck the whole time yeah that's
true let's see here's one from Tom the best human food I've had Miami was the oh I see
some waitress spicy and stayed with me a long time our our our
first stay on a point I wasn't up to it it's been a
you may not you they have my
problems it
is retiring and then for that we're going to get all who cares
who gives a crap
for great and authentic Cuban food oh Jimmy D is by Jimmy give it a rest
already my god you're grabbing me nuts
i recommend the bread shop in Fort Lauderdale
corner Cypress Creek and Andrews Avenue
no it's not an error and an airport but it's right down the street from
Fort Lauderdale executive report
so if you're in the area or would like to grab a good meal before your
private jet flight
stop in and try one of their fabulous empanadas
Cuban sandwiches or pastries
for dessert they have the absolute greatest license of cake and all sorts of
varieties
it's not the usual cake and ice and crap these cakes have layer after layer
of all kinds of diabetic coma inducing goodness
while slightly pricey and lacking in decent service the food is more
more than worth it
their soups and bread are unmatched don't take offense if they're rude or
ignore you for not being latino just pay for their fabulous foods sit down
and enjoy yourself
p.s don't go during the noon lunch hour it's too busy
and you'll have to fight to the death for a seat
okay Jimmy thank you go away
go away already
wow
Johnny says i've been listening on your site and i think that
la careta is overrated i've eaten in a few of them and i really think they
are
uh... others much better
i want to plug any of them but like i did to some not what they used to be
that's my opinion i'm not my business have a great day thanks johnny
and thanks for not being my business
rudy says i can cure with the facts
of anaheeris is a great human restaurant
but what about direct those uh... whatever that was that was great that was
sensational well what does this mean the herald is so damn slow
if they had the press conference in twelve thirty he already done it right
that's it was a scum sentinel says
pull most Floridian's okay with gay adoption
well as that maybe they tolerate like that one idiot their tolerant
can we go to the sports thing and see if they got a thing on the so
what do you want to know about so
sports when you think that clearance or somebody i would come rushing in with
the breathless he expected to rest alonzo morning status he's gonna retire as
what they're telling us and like i said who gives a flying
you know that rich reminds me of my mother
that has rosy please go away
find a new way to attack the they go home and eat your whole
homes till you explode
just like your fat fat chugged in ladies have to bite your seats on a plane
he's been in your fingers that have yellow stained from sea joes
can see your toes
faster piggy who knows
proud to be fat disgusting and tasty
oh
oh
you make the show
to win and smile
they like a cow
spatted sassy
thinks melty fat so repulsive and mild
your body cheese smells like a crap
but after it was occupied by
my head passed learning a shoe or two get into your car
thus your two
why
not
i can squeal
not well done with time
i can squeal fat
living with your lover less
be your two gosh darn fat
rosy
and start to the tree between
her knees
as potato yeast
most fishy to me
uh
laughing up until that's boys
then tasty
man
247 a qm what a shame that we have to like uh you know
bleep out this name bleep out that
what a crying shame
pathetic all the crying shames
oh
oh
let's see
what do we find that the chicken next to that to me
yes wow thanks chicken act
he's the man when it comes to old stuff
really old
let's see honey like we would george like i had to stir
rated best to keep in version of the ranch house
the guy looking for the complaint line can call the first
team when they have the what's your beef
okay good i say that it was a bris 19 degrees this
morning here in telehassy be guards gregg
what honey like that if the temperature here is higher than a well of course
that was this morning but i think it was like minus the
mormer here then in telehassy and right now it's minus three it's like
27 20 to 60 degrees
Fahrenheit yeah and tomorrow going to be zero 32
all right
I'm going to read that email again.
I found it in my pile that I read in the beginning of the show.
It's worth it, don't you think?
I read it every day.
Concerny kneeled no longer taking calls from John, something or other.
No, no name.
I rarely write emails to your show, but I feel it's important to communicate this to your
show, not to you, but to your show.
Every morning at 10 a.m., your show opens up and tells us to call 305-567-0560.
Isn't this false advertising?
Not at all.
Go ahead and call it.
Ring it until it bleeds.
You haven't taken calls in ages.
How are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints?
How are listeners like me supposed to express our complaints?
I'm sick of all the fake emails from the fake, this one and the fake that one.
While his kneel so hypnotized by all these fake celebrities who email him, celebrities,
he reminds me of my grandfather when he learned how to use the iPod.
As a listener, I'm put to sleep as Neil reads the dozens of fake emails.
The show was never like this.
What changed?
Please don't blame Joe Bell.
The only ones responsible you and George.
I've taken the liberty of emailing a copy of this email to Joe Bell at joetswkrs.com.
Please my goal with this email is not to get anyone fired.
I simply want to listen to Neil Rogers that I grew up with.
I just hope this email gets the Neil Rogers show back on its tracks.
Nothing more.
If you can make that happen, thank you.
Get it back on its tracks.
Woodbind, Doverdowns, Hazel Park.
Sports Creek Raceway.
Get out of here.
Fony, you don't even have a name.
It doesn't even have a name.
Who is supposed to send our complaints?
How can we get our complaints?
Sir, we don't want to hear your damn complaints.
Go see a shrink.
Walk into the door and say, I have no life.
I see what he says when he stopped laughing.
Brandon says somebody must like LaKaraita.
Otherwise, there wouldn't be so damn many.
But then again, these same people could be served at Canada.
Who wouldn't think it's good.
Just as long as it has white rice and black beans to go with it.
Sounds like a shot to me.
OK, I got to kind of balance it out.
Let's see.
Mahmoud says Mahmoud.
Terrorist says is a true 940 AM is going to sports.
Well, that's what we hear.
That's the on popular rumor.
Hope they go after Hank in any cave because WQM sucks for sports.
Don't understand why Ed Verliners on.
He's terrible, but must work cheap.
He is terrible.
He probably does work cheap.
Ed Verliner.
Always inspires me to play that jingle.
Yeah, I bet you Andy Asinwoods with the PD didn't he just die here short time ago?
Yeah, I heard dead.
Now that he's dead, I guess I could tell that story, but I better not.
Probably not.
Probably not.
It would be in bad taste.
Let's sleeping dogs lie.
I can't find it.
I got Jim Dunlap.
I got happening donut.
Blues guys.
I got that one.
I don't understand QA real jingle.
Oh, here we go.
Here they are.
So many jingo so little time.
Ed Berliner.
Ed Berliner.
His name is Ed Berliner.
Yeah.
And the people that the jingle.
They pronounce the wrong.
And the station still paid for it.
Yeah, that's a Greg Read for a man.
A real rocket son.
And the truck in Chicago is back again.
He says if you can't find good food in Rome, you can't hit water falling out of a boat.
Amen.
My wife and I spent two weeks in Italy this summer was fantastic.
Have you ever been to Cerento doing your travels?
Really?
No.
Now the only places I've been to Rome, Florence, Belonia and Milano.
Milano forget about it.
Industrial.
They drive like lunatics there.
I would just cram.
I mean, Rome is bad, but Milano almost as bad as here.
God.
No fake people today.
This is good.
So maybe they took a hint from that.
The email I just read again.
He's sick and tired of the fake this one and the fake that one.
And the chronic complaining this one.
Here is one from Eddie.
Hi, Neil.
Sorry to bother you.
I was wondering if you'd be interested in participating in a Yahoo group dedicated to
talking about South Florida radio in the 60s and 70s.
Absolutely not.
We're talking about anything.
A Yahoo group.
Your name came up again today.
This time in a positive light.
Membership is around 100 includes Bill Tanner, Ted Fogel, Pat Apples and Bob Mayor, Johnny
Dark, Mark Shands, Mike Miranda, Joe Joe Cookin, Mike Harvey, Russ Oasis, Pete Berlin, Bob
and Jerry Lee and more in any event membership in the group is by application invitation.
So it's to keep spam down.
The discussion is pretty lively and even if you didn't want to participate, you might get a kick out of the stuff people say.
Anyway, sorry to trouble you hope all as well.
All is fine.
Eddie at FSU.
All is fine.
Oh, you know who I don't hear from anymore speaking of FSU.
What was that kid's name that used to email me on my space all the time?
It's been so long.
Who the hell was wrong?
I don't hear from him or anybody else in my space.
I see.
I don't.
All right.
I mean, nothing.
Okay.
I think I died.
Maybe you didn't.
Nobody told you.
Oh, Kevin sends me a link here about Wayne Arnold, which we just read the story on here yesterday.
Thank you, Kevin.
I already been there.
Done that.
I mean, they can't listen every minute every day.
Why I don't know.
Al says, here's the lowdown.
We can straighten out all this law.
Cut it to business once and for all.
And believe me, long overdue because I'm getting sick or reading about it.
Here's the lowdown.
Generally, La Carreta as George says is adequate at best.
Although it is true that it's airport location is above average, especially compared to standard airport fare.
The Versailles, which has been on eighth street since the beginning of time, has been lousy up until a few years ago.
It has vastly improved its food and service.
In fact, celebrity sightings are common.
I saw any Linux eating there about a year and a half ago.
Haven't they been ages?
Aren't you impressed?
No.
The previously mentioned El Rio, Crystal and South.
They does not all that.
They're highlight dishes.
La Paloma.
Cn Papa Fritas.
This is basically a thin Paloma steak buried in a massive heap of thin greasy French fries.
This was originally the signature district long long time defunct last Lila's restaurant in Westchester.
What's it?
La Rio since South Miami is very good.
Their Aros Compoy was the crown jewel of their daily lunch specials.
Closing it also like to mention, Havana, Harry's and Coral Gables.
Unfortunately, it's only a shadow of its past glory.
There was a time when you can get an excellent meal at a great price.
Now you leave disappointed in your clothes smelling like grease.
Anyway, time to go for lunch.
Love you, Gordo.
Al.
Thank you, Al.
Thank you, Al.
La Carita and Beyond, he says.
Oh, look who is back.
You're going to plots when I tell you the name.
Let me put on my plot thing, hadn't.
Richard Roma.
Oh, wow.
Remember Ricky Roma?
Oh, yeah.
From Glein.
Now his email is Richard Roma at Glen Geary 92.
Ricky Roma.
Yeah.
And he was going to help us with the website in the audio.
And then he just disappeared.
Fake.
Fake.
So how do I know how can you have any credibility, Richard?
Neil, the best Cuban food in South Florida is at a chain called Poio Tropical.
I don't know if this chain has made its way up to Canada.
No.
But if you're in Florida, again, I struck the right line.
Like we have an eaten Poio Tropical, it wasn't a sponsor for years.
Here it was.
And we like it.
It's fine.
I highly recommend their finest sandwich.
I'm going to gladly eat there again.
Yeah, Richard Roma.
Glen Geary Glen Ross, my fat old ass.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Tired of the same old restaurants.
Try the cafeteria centuria of Hailea.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail.
That's right.
No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria centuria of Hailea.
We'll make your stomachs.
Stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing.
Talk about delicious.
Mmm-hmm.
Your meal is always fresh.
We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria centuria.
Try it once.
You'll eat there religiously.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one that is fried in deep fat.
Please bring me that doggy on the menu.
And bring a side order of cat.
Walk, run, or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria centuria of Hailea.
Where we give new meaning to the word, het food.
102 at 560 WQM boy, I almost got caught with my pills down in the other room.
Because at one o'clock every day I take a couple of pills here and there.
Blood pressure and diabetes and all that.
They stink of something different.
What?
All of these things.
How's it going, eh?
What are you babbling about?
Pills.
You'll love this one, not this pill.
Lucky says to those punks who are now waking up and emailing the past few days about how Neil Austin's edge when he went to Toronto.
They stole my idea.
I faxed that in George years ago, but he never sent it to Neil because at that time George was sheltering him from anything perceived to be criticism.
That's right.
Because if you were tender, you know, right, ego, right.
Right.
Oh, we don't want to criticize the old man.
He's so sensitive, you know?
Right.
That's why I survived 33 years in South Florida because I'm sensitive.
And I can't take criticism.
And endless cacophony of that sound.
I lost my age.
I lost my age in old Toronto while two freaking bad.
Okay, I like it.
Barry says Cuban food is the blandest food from the Caribbean.
There is great food from the Caribbean, but none of it is from Cuba.
Cuban food isn't bad.
It's just bland and ordinary.
It's just Barry.
Hey, Barry, very good.
What?
Barry might be Jamaican.
He might be in the room.
I've never gone to a good place.
If you saw Barry's last name, you know, he wasn't Jamaican.
I see.
Maybe.
Oh, maybe that.
Oh, of course, it's probably not a real last name anyway.
Of course.
The fake Barry and the fake this one and the fake Barry and the fake Eddie and the fake everybody.
Because that's just the way it works.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
It's from Anita Marx.
Excellent.
Who ever the fake Anita Marxist, it took them over three hours to finally come up with
some excuse.
Right.
We'll get to it.
I'm printing it out.
Rudy says, did you ever have you ever gone to Venice?
No.
Shame on you.
It's one of the most dramatic cities in the world.
You should take Paco there.
Oh, wait a minute.
Who's this on the phone?
Oh, one moment, please.
How do you like that?
What?
That must have been a psychic connection.
Really?
Well, because he never calls what I'm working in the nose better.
But nevertheless, I just didn't I just get through reading his name on this thing, but I should take him to the event.
That's right.
Maybe he's listening.
So, right, it was a great city in Southern Italy.
And the pizza in Southern Italy is better than Rome says Rudy.
Well, excuse me.
Okay.
What do I know?
You go to Naples.
Okay.
You go to Napoli with the Schleppers.
I'll stick with Rome.
My God.
Everybody's an expert.
Whatever we know, they know better.
Johnny says, Neil, I've forgotten to ask you, why is it that the Latin stations can broadcast fart sounds and a lot of other sounds and even words that are not a
culture and Spanish language?
Is this because Joyce and friends are a-holes or is it something that are legally on your station?
The stations are a Univision and SBS.
What's wrong with this people?
Is Johnny?
That's just the way it is.
We work for a bunch of losers and Joyce, you know, she dictates what the hell we can do.
I mean, they play fart sounds right on the streets.
There are people farting at each other.
Oh, no, don't do that.
They got a million reasons.
We don't want to go into it.
So here's the one from the fake Anita Marx.
Just because I'm physically staying in Baltimore doesn't mean I'm not coming to the WQM airwaves in South Florida.
Although some agents aren't able to negotiate syndication deals, my agent is quite good at it as you can tell from my live cable broadcast on Comcast Regional Sports.
After all, opening up a pot and sintering syndicated radio would be much less expensive for WQM than hiring a live talent for afternoon talk.
All I'm saying is don't believe everything you read newspapers around the internet.
I need a Marx, a quick update.
Don't believe everything you read newspapers on it.
Yeah, I like the story, fake Anita.
We got you.
You're out of the closet now.
How do you like that?
Uh huh.
The fake Anita Marx striking back with the more BS.
My God.
And in addition to which you know what else?
What else?
Who cares?
Oh, yeah, that.
Who cares?
Like she's some great broadcaster.
She was on 1400.
What kind of number did she get?
Oh, oh, yeah.
I mean, she can't go much lower than we are now in the afternoon, two to four.
Rock solid.
Or any other other time.
Oh.
Go to hell away, Anita.
Get lost.
Take a dump.
Take a dump and Joe Bell's head.
Because I'm sure he's going to have his head up your...
Oh, right.
...rect him.
...if you ever showed up.
John, so this is, um, John Lleikworth.
I promised I'd get this long time ago.
All right.
To answer your question about Ocean Reef, sorry if you already had an answer, it's located at the very end of Card Sound Road.
Upper Key Larger.
This is from yesterday we were talking about that.
Upper Key Larger where the road splits for Card Sound at the left in the US one straight.
I built some homes down there back in the 80s.
Very private, extremely expensive.
No shleppers allowed.
I watched Obermann last night in the NSA guy talking about all the spying on journalists was scary.
Keith alluded to him coming back on again tonight.
Obermann was dumbfounded that the revelations his man was making.
It was just a taste of what's to come as far as the warrantless wiretap revelations go.
According to him, everyone's emails, phone calls, texts, etc. were included.
The look on Obermann's face was of utter surprise at what he was saying.
You know, I was worried that there'd be a drop-off material with President Dumpishman out of office,
but with all the dirt that they're going to find out about him and his cronies will have an endless supply.
If you want a good laugh, turn on Lardas on an empty stomach and listen to the crappy spewing and defensive bushes sterical.
No, I don't want to do that.
And I won't.
The last thing is about Spain.
I live there for a while.
Madrid is no good indication of what the country has to offer.
Barcelona is a great city with lots to do.
Also, Grenada and Sevilla are worth seeing for their beauty and architecture.
Spain also has some of the best food.
I've been to 17 countries all through Europe and the Middle East and Spain has some of the best.
Italy does make my top two list, John says.
What's the other one?
Is it Spain?
I don't know.
John, I don't know.
I guess that's what's hot in the back.
What could be better?
Oh, I know Amsterdam.
Netherlands.
Amsterdam.
Oh, my God.
You can't complain about the food in Amsterdam because there isn't any.
The worst swill.
Now, here's one from Mike.
Please don't punish us faithful listeners that had to wear with all the get-tail out of South Florida
and turn off the stream because of a few A-holes.
I could care less what comes on during the spots just as long as we can hear you from wherever we happen to be.
I've listened to you all over the world of past years.
Screwed those ungrateful miscreants, says Mike, in peak skill, New York.
Thanks, Mike.
Take a peek at this.
How do you like that?
Don't get nervous, Mike.
It was just an idle threat.
That's all.
To try to get those people to calm down and cut the crap.
Oh, those spots on the streaming in the big ol' one.
Oh, God.
Very funny stuff, says Richard.
Well, I'm glad you think so, okay?
Not interested.
The stuff that people send is just beyond belief.
Mm-hmm.
And then Brandon sends me the menu from Las Vegas.
What am I going to do with that?
Eat it?
Yeah, there you go.
Go ahead.
And now pictures.
A large plate of vaca frita.
Oh, it's got beans and it's got smashy potatoes.
It is.
Oh, I don't think it's for me.
Nistra, me, you're probably not mashed potatoes.
Probably.
What do you mean?
Probably rice.
What was it?
Oh, too late.
I just made it go away.
I just made it go away.
Fair.
I mean, some things, and not everybody likes the same kind of food, okay?
It's right.
Just because I don't like it doesn't make me like anti-Somantigger or something.
That's right.
If I didn't like mozzarella, it didn't mean I, you know, right?
You can filter fish.
If I didn't like you filter fish, I could live without you filter fish.
I don't think I've ever had it.
Oh, it comes in a jar with all that slimy gel in there.
Oh, slimy, either.
Slimy.
Just like that dessert, flan.
Slimy.
And you've had some bad luck.
It's not supposed to be slimy.
It's bad.
It's custard.
Like, I know what it is.
It's custard and it's got like slime on it.
You're putting it like creme brulee.
Even a lime wouldn't touch slimy.
Slimy flan.
You like creme brulee.
I love creme brulee.
It's not the same.
It's got an ointment.
It's not in the same category.
Creme brulee is not slimy.
It's like caramelized on top.
It's supposed to be, right?
It's caramelized on top.
And on top of a pudding.
Then top of slimy pudding.
No, it's not slimy.
That's supposed to be.
Flan is slimy on the bottom.
It's not supposed to be.
It's not the pudding itself but on the bottom.
It's supposed to be.
It's like barnacle.
It's on the bottom of a ship.
It's like a barnacle.
It was shipped with a piece of Latinized custard.
Chef Sparky, who's the real goofball says,
is that a Canadian thing or is that a type of person
that frequents the track?
Both.
Either way, I'd be careful where I hang out.
By the way, eating on the air is annoying.
Who can't hold out four hours to eat a meal?
I know Hank had a difficult time with that,
but that's understandable.
I have a great day.
You know, when you're on in the middle of lunch yard,
that's when you eat.
Right.
And if I had food here to cook, like once in a while,
I'll make a wini before I go off to a woodbine.
I need it on the air.
I'm with the big deal.
Quit with all the instructions, my god.
Don't do this and don't do that.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
man, man, man, man, man.
And you wonder why I left South Florida?
Bring back Alex Bennett for God's sake.
Do yourself a favor, will you, Paul?
Oh!
Meanwhile, the democratic race between Barack and Obama
and Hillary Clinton still too close to call.
We'll have more later.
That went smoothly.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just going to all have to add, live it.
Give me one interesting exit, Paul, please.
I'm Revanne Spring, BC, 25 today.
Back to you, Jam.
Thanks, Marie, at 617.
And health watch this morning, doctors in Utah
are hoping for a new medical breakthrough
to solve the problems of attention
to sort of behavior with problems with children.
Attention, definitely.
The deficit hyperactivity is a common disorder
that affects three out of five kids.
Or actually three to five for children
with the start to solve over again.
Can we back it up and start it over?
I'm lost.
So I'm doing the first one.
He's not expecting a big win.
And then how is this money and staff situation changed?
Okay, and then there's much more CDF news ahead.
Okay, Freddie, Julianne's dead.
I mean, you know what I mean.
Hey, Eric, did you use the cool shadow on the snow shot yet?
The CBS?
Yeah.
It's so cool.
I don't think it's okay.
I think it's so cool.
A local man spots something suspicious
and that he decides to spring into action.
He has done something that is very good.
Wheatland or Wheatland?
Wheatland, right?
How do you say that?
Does anyone know?
Sorry.
Wheatland.
Wheatland.
Wheatland.
Okay.
Oh, okay. Wheatland was constant.
So I'll say Cynthia.
Cynthia?
She has pretty eyes.
She's there freaking me out a little.
No, she looks like a husky.
You know those weird blue eyes?
Huh?
Yeah.
Are we not close out?
Cinemaking has the most intense eyes.
They're like light, ice blue.
And she had a purple suit on and I mean they were so intense.
I was like, I couldn't stop staring at her.
She must have thought I was weird.
Thank you.
All right, it's back here, dear.
Sally, don't let her go away.
Does she have a response to that?
Is she still there?
What's that?
Did the lady just leave?
Yeah.
Oh, it's too bad.
She's back every one, aren't she?
Yes, she's right here.
What'd you like to know?
I would.
I'd like to know a response to what the gentleman said.
The gentleman's a very effective spokesperson for the company but obviously the people who lived there are not satisfied with his explanation.
Right.
What do you want now?
Well, if I have to teach you how to be a reporter, I'll do that later.
I want you to do that later, Jim.
But I think the lady expressed herself and you're not here.
You're there.
Is there any question you'd like me to ask her?
No, I'll give you lessons on how to become a reporter.
I'll give you some lessons on how to be an editor because I was your boss once.
Yes, you were.
And I don't know how that happened.
Well, I don't want to be a member of the mill.
Clearly putting a mission accomplished on an aircraft carrier was a mistake.
For some people predicting Obama would be Hillary by 20 points.
10.
Double digits.
Okay.
Obviously some of my rhetoric has been a mistake.
9-7.2 magnitude, magnitude earthquake rattled.
I lost my size by the eye.
I lost my size by the eye.
Magnitude 7.2.
It was a very large earthquake.
The good thing is there were no media reports.
Many differences.
Very serious.
But what?
I think after the break we're going to interview Eric Wyhenmayer,
who climbed the highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest.
But he's gay.
I mean, he's gay, excuse me, he's blind.
So we're here about that.
Okay.
As we have the break, a look at the six.
There have been disappointments.
Abu Ghrab, obviously, was a huge disappointment during the presidency.
Abu Ghrab, really.
I think our reference of an instruction was a significant disappointment.
I know who likes chocolate.
Our Zain Verdi loves chocolate.
One of our make-it-oh, a nice melon.
Behind you there.
Whoa.
Whoa.
What's that?
I'm sorry.
Was that a foodie?
That's what you check.
That booze out, short.
I don't appreciate the speculation about Don Rumsfeld.
He's doing a fine job, I strongly support him.
Court of state of critics who believe that you're ignoring the advice of retired generals, military commanders,
who say that their needs have been changed.
I say I listen to all voices.
The minds of final decision.
And Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
I have strong confidence in Don Rumsfeld.
I hear the voices.
Voice, voice, voice.
But I'm the decider.
How could he?
He wasn't expecting to win.
Okay, and then I'd like to ask her in South Carolina he should do better.
I'd rather look ahead to that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Chen, hold on two seconds, Rick.
Can you hold on two seconds?
Chen, where's my new Clinton Obama?
Those two cards you made me?
You put, you condensed the two cards?
Oh, here it is, here it is.
You have to just, just title them, okay?
Okay.
Clinton Obama, you know what I mean?
Okay.
Otherwise, it's hard for me to pull them out.
You know what I mean?
Thank you, never mind, sorry.
Okay, sorry, Rick.
Okay.
Is that a bad monitor on top just out of curiosity?
So it looks so much better in the ones below.
So I guess, I guess Romney was exuding kind of false confidence, right?
Harkening back to his Olympic experience in South Lake City.
Well, will he do well in Michigan?
Today is Tuesday, right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Yeah, we're sorry, too.
123 at 560 WQA, I'm happy Thursday, too.
Don't forget to join Georgia golf team tomorrow, 10 to 2,
as we get waiting for Sunshine Millions on Saturday,
the best of the best from Florida in California,
competing some big stakes races throughout the day Saturday.
And we'll be doing yields pick the ponies again tomorrow and go,
try to go 2 for 2 with one of our listeners.
Do we have the enamel listener, by the way?
We're going to know that tomorrow.
Frank.
Who?
Frank.
Frank.
Frank.
Also Saturday will be given away a pair of tickets to these super big game
in Tampa next weekend, and there will be a chance to win new Honda CRV
from Patent, Gohanda.
What I say, Patent, Gohanda.
For info and directions, go to gostreampark.com.
I'm in coherent.
I'm just a little bit in coherent.
Larry King on Barack Obama says this is from the telegraph UK.
Black is in my eight year old son wishes he was black.
Leave it to Larry to say some idiotic crap, like that.
CNN's Orange Hair Accepted Generic in Chatterbox, Larry King,
has been pulled over by the new age Obama.
Intuasing that his youngest offspring from his seventh marriage wants to be black.
I guess it's a case of black being or the new black.
Interviewing a physically uncomfortable Bob Woodward on his eponymous CNN show last night,
Larry, 75 gushed.
My younger son, Ken, and his eight.
And now he says he would like to be black, not kidding.
He said there's a lot of advantages.
Black is in.
Is this the turning of the tide?
The distinguished water-grates scriptwriter Woodward responded,
well, maybe, and talked about his 12-year-old daughter Diana, like Barack Obama's inaugural speech,
before gingerly steering the discussion toward George W. Bush's magnanimity,
and how he hasn't made any cheap shots at his White House successor.
It could have been worse, Bob.
The other day, Larry blurted out things were changing so fast.
There could soon be a lesbian in the Oval Office.
Who would have thought that he said on Kiss Radio in LA,
I can't believe it.
Well, in 10 years, that will have what?
A lesbian?
We won't know, Larry, because you'll be in a box.
You'll be in a crypt.
Oh, I'm sorry, there goes with that crypt again.
Your was cryptic comments.
If my boss gave me a pink slip tomorrow due to the bad economy, my reaction would be,
and by the way, before I get to the poll, the fake Barry Jackass sends me this.
And of course, these people keep sending this stuff long after we had it.
We had this yesterday.
Old news, Barry.
And another attempted cost-cutting, hearing that clear channel is looking to flip,
940 W.I.N.C. Miami, and 740 W.Q.T.M. and Orlando Defox sports.
Syndicated Dan Salillo in the morning followed by Dan Patrick and Jim Rome.
Oh, not Rome again.
Oh, bring him back to the same people who failed a million times already.
Wow.
Fox sports.
Wouldn't that be something?
They already tried that in I.N.Z.
It failed at later, gigantic egg.
Well, I can do it again.
Big fat gigantic egg.
And where does Anita's marker fit in all this crap?
We don't care anymore.
The best talent.
You're just as small as you do.
You know, when that looks.
The best, the best, the best.
None step closer to being than the addicts and babies are.
And now that is named,
but this is the first step to misdewing this is Smith,
becoming Mr. and Mrs. P.
How long will it take?
Till we get a break.
A break.
From the coverage of bread and the mother to be.
They are too new.
It's said Hollywood even before Brad and you have their babies.
No other story.
Getting real boring.
I'm just bored today.
I've heard enough of the fair.
How about you?
Injullious kids,
mad at you the hardest people names are now officially showy-pants.
I say that Hollywood is brandy-ling of will.
A Los Angeles judge today granted the name change.
Woohoo!
It's a brand and Angelina Hassao.
But our Mr. and Mrs. Smith already living happily ever after.
Every day, every day,
their face says,
Oh, go away.
And I know.
It's a tabloid spot.
But we've got more brand-jolene dish.
That's one time that's where high-evalogy is piled,
I would choice.
That's really fascinating.
Oh, enough with them already.
We're tired.
1.32 a.k.a.m.
Here's one that says,
Can you fill one of your newer listeners less than 10 years
in on your experiences with Larry King?
Did you ever see him do his show from Pumpernix?
Are you here?
No.
Never seen it.
Never heard it.
I was a guest on Larry's show on IOD back when I was on KAT
after I came out of the closet.
Yeah, like that.
I was a guest on there twice.
And then the other time was like,
You had a whole bunch of gambors on.
Sigs shy and Hank.
And a whole bunch of degenerate gambors on.
I don't know what that was all about.
Do you remember what that was all about?
Nope.
Before your time.
And then the other experience with Larry was that he's an F and Liar
and always has been and always will be.
I heard that story.
And when he left and went to a mutual,
he left IOD,
calls me up.
Yeah, I've been talking to Bill Fiennes.
You got the gig.
You're going to do seven of midnight IOD.
It's all set.
Just sit tight, wait for a call.
And of course it turned out to be a pile of crap.
And I remember after waiting for weeks for this call to come,
which never did, I called up Bill Fiennes.
And it was one of the most embarrassing experiences.
And he said, Well, on the,
we've decided to promote from within.
We're going to give it to Sandy.
Sandy Peyton.
There was never any discussion about my doing seven of midnight.
And Larry is usual just full of crap.
And everybody else I knew in the business from Bill Cauter
and everybody who knew Larry would tell you the same stories.
Lie after lie, just a BS, you know, name dropping BS.
That's Larry.
Muzzle.
If you look up the word,
Muzzle in the dictionary,
you'll see his picture next to it.
188 votes on the poll.
If my boss gave me a pink slip to my eye on the bad economy,
my reaction would be,
What do I do now, 37?
F you, 35.
F you, Yamama.
More time for Weed & Beer, 23.
Deep Depression, 18.
Yip the unemployment benefits food stamps, 16.
No problem.
I have a new job lined up tomorrow, 12.
I understand why you have to let me go, 10.
Yip the in extend vacation, 10.
I always hated this job anyway, 8.
No problem.
My spouse has a job, 6.
Take this job and shove it, 5.
Brackum.
I'd go, I want to go postal and kill some people, 3.
I can't go on.
I want to die, 2.
And no problem.
I got my second job to fall back on one.
Like the Humper.
Thank God the Humper had ESPN, you know what?
I'm saying, you know what I'm saying?
Although actually if he would have been out of work altogether,
maybe he might have lost an answer to you.
Because when I saw him here at Woodbuy,
oh, he was just monstrous, humongous, gigantic.
You know what I'm saying?
I do.
Fan.
Yeah.
Next is if I was let go tomorrow, I could collect unemployment
till I could return 8 months.
And listening to you on and off, to Bubba Love Spongebob,
in some ways, to show us some other deures,
have enjoyed your show for 20 years, his Nick,
to show us similar to mine.
What does that mean?
Roger Perry has a pull-ide, the favorite late-night snack.
It doesn't give me any choices, just a thanks, Robert.
Oh, here's one that actually has my name on it.
Dear honorable sir, Dr. D.U.
sued micro-systems for permitting his power RPC software.
Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, dr.U.
And this goes on and on and on.
Carol from the Dr. U support group.
We are encouraged by President Obama's policies
that promote equal justice.
We request your help in this new era of hope
with an attachment.
It's one of these silly things, you know, like $80,000,000.
I mean, Nigeria, and I have $80,000,000,
and I wish you'd assist me in getting it in your account,
and just send me your shoe size and all the other stuff.
Phil Latsman sends an email.
Aren't you impressed?
The real Phil Latsman.
Yep.
As far as we know, we don't have any phony.
Phil Latsman.
Yeah.
He says, Puerto Saguan South Beach, George must know it.
He's back with the Cuban restaurants again?
No.
I don't go to South Beach.
Why not?
What are some kind of a snob?
Can't find a parking space.
I don't have enough money.
Don't have a lot of expensive jewelry to wear.
No, it's cultured.
Nothing like that.
I'm not a model.
You're not looking for one.
You're not looking for one.
I'm looking for one.
Right.
Man, he says, good Cuban restaurants.
La Rosa, Northwest 7th Street and 42nd Avenue,
close to MIA.
Good food, staff, nice place to take visitors.
La Rosa.
East Las Canarias.
Good food, more neighborhood feel.
Love the shows as man.
East Las Canarias.
Am I saying that right?
Can you hear Ireland's?
Brandon's back again.
Well, he's got stuff interspersed throughout here.
He says, this might come as a big shocker,
but there was one time that when Dixie had great Cuban sandwiches.
I wouldn't consider getting one from there today,
but 10 years ago they were outstanding.
How do you like that?
I think the only Cuban sandwiches I ever had,
and this doesn't speak well of me,
was like at 7-11, you know, they have those sandwiches
and those coolers, you know, pre-wrapped sandwiches?
Yeah, like vending machine sandwiches and stuff.
No, not vending machine, but like in a, you know,
right, well, that's the kind of thing.
Right, kind of crap.
And that's the only Cuban sandwich I ever had.
So obviously it wasn't very good,
and it's not a fair assessment, you know.
Oh, Michigan Mac Matt is back in this boring mat.
Go away.
Just go away.
Fake one real one in between one, whatever.
I guess I better throw away that thing
about color number five and number six right now.
Oh, get rid of that.
Well, we sold those things out in like less than 30 seconds,
I would say.
Most certificates today, 15 speed fisheries.
Yeah.
Very popular place, Mueh Popolar.
Carl says the company I worked for for 19 years
was kind enough to bounce towards my job to India,
India Bob back in June.
Then we're good enough to time my severance
to run out right as the economy took a huge dump,
which is now kicking in as my own business.
I started back at the time my outsourcing
hits a very long dry spell.
I didn't make any sense to me,
but nevertheless, maybe I just read it badly.
Of course, this gives me more time to listen to you in George.
Don't let the others fool you.
George is fantastic when he fills in for you.
I look forward to his shows as much and love the summer
because of him,
but they may come and re-pull my radio says Carl.
In the meantime, while I still have the funds to keep it running,
I'm still plugging away my business as well as producing my web comic,
hoping our new president brings it up here and replace the dumbass
and cobwebs in my 401 cable cache in again.
Enjoying the show, George is fillings too.
How do you like that, Carl?
He's down on his luck go.
Thank you, Carl.
Good luck to you, Carl.
You're needed.
Because even Obama don't have the magic wand
that's going to turn everything all around.
Everybody going to have like a zillion dollars by the end of the week?
No. Maybe next week.
Another one from Brandon,
who's just out of control today,
just a wild child.
If WQM was owned by a clear channel,
who do you think would have been asked on Tuesday?
That's what he wants to ask us that question.
I don't know.
And, you know,
it seems to me they've already done a pretty good job
sitting out the court in the troops here already.
Have a name?
Yep.
A pretty evil job.
Oh, everybody's out of work now.
Nobody's got any money and the economy sucks.
And the newspapers are going up.
Yeah, okay.
I think it becomes kind of like a self-fulfilling prophecy.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah.
Like a lot of these businesses like talk themselves into it.
224 votes on it.
228 on the poll.
Not too bad, huh?
For the poll,
applying the adult entertainment field.
Oh, God.
And you could only imagine the person who sent that, you know?
Me, oh, God.
NFL films presents.
Don't let the door hitcher with a good Lord splitcher.
Whether it's mustering one win in a 16-game campaign
or making a 13-and-three contender into a 5-and-11 meteor of mediocrity.
NFL head coaches know it's not just quarterbacks who get sacked.
And so, on any given weekday, Mindy from HR will issue your final paycheck
and discuss co-brow healthcare options.
Then, with security leading the way,
you'll clean out your desk, grab your fighters plant,
and agent the facility to the battle cry.
Don't let the door hitcher with a good Lord splitcher.
Okay, 144, 16-02.
So, we got the right dough.
Exo is announcing his return.
He's got a retire.
I hate getting the wrong dough, right?
Why?
Huh?
Why don't you all broken up about that?
I'm crying and crying into my shirt.
Alonzo Morning was as active as ever during the heat scheme to Wednesday
and against defending champion Boston Celix.
And American Airlines Arena.
I think they got their ass kicked in that game, by the way.
I'm not sure, I think.
But Morning was a designer in a designer suit sitting in a baseline seat
instead of a heat uniform at center intimidating opposing players on the court.
That'll be the closest he gets to helping the heat this season
and emotional morning, a likely future Hall of Fame center announced his retirement this afternoon.
Retire.
Morning 38 has been rehabbing a devastating knee injury
in December 2007 that ended his heat season.
He had been working toward a return of the heat.
But as recently as Saturday was also contemplating the next phase of his life.
And then it goes on about his kidney transplant and a bit of eat, but a bit of up.
And he retired.
That's a big press conference.
That Joe was hyperventilating about this morning.
Oh, it's going to be a big press conference in October of 30.
We didn't carry it, which I'm shocked.
Aren't you shocked?
They didn't interrupt the show to put that crap.
I mean, at the big news on the end, this made.
Shocked and dismayed.
We could have we could already be out of here by now.
My God clearance.
I don't think clearance is paying any attention anymore.
I guess he figures he's on the way out.
And believe me, long overdue, long overdue.
Oh, here's another one.
This thing with the Latino restaurants manages never ran.
It's like a.
I thought there'd be a big spurt of it yesterday, but it like kind of keeps trickling.
I guess we had a delayed reaction.
It yeah, trickles.
For example, Rudy says the IS.on restaurant 8th street in 27th Avenue.
My pronouncing that right.
Okay.
I.Y.E.S. T.A. R.A.
And I can't even spell it.
I yes, the restaurant 8th street in 27th Avenue is great.
They have a full service bar, great service with great food.
Also, the Vaca Frita at Habana Vieja on 34th and Coral Way is great.
Thanks, Rudy.
Here's one that says the Latin restaurant I like most was El Cusero on Coyote on 70th and 70th Avenue.
Huge portions and tasty.
If you want to write time, the train passes within 10 feet of where I would sit.
I think I'll go there for a late lunch.
It says wink, wink.
What does that mean?
W-H-I-N-K-Wink.
Maybe he wants to date.
Another good one in the past was I asked it on in the 70s where they give you a plate
just for the fries.
It was between Southwest 7th Street and Coyote on 7th, 27th Avenue.
And so Rudy says it's still there and it's great and this guy says it was in the past.
Or whatever.
Do you think I'm going to be going to any of them?
No.
And in the good news, I don't know if the good news are not.
But I still think that the Myrons at Pompo no Park, somebody was starting a room.
We're always thinking they're going to close down.
I don't think so because last time I was in there, it was packed.
Packed.
Jam packed.
And they got two kinds of deal pickles.
I wish they'd give you the good ones and not those bad ones.
They don't give you all that many.
Come on, quit loosening up with the deal pickles in there, Myron.
God, nothing like being tight with your pickle.
Bill from Tampa says I'm not a big Obama fan but I've decided to back him as my president.
I'm just astounded the way dark folks are acting since the man was elected.
For example, I stopped at a head station for coffee and there were four guys and a couple ladies standing in front of the store.
My wife and I got out of my BMW to go inside and one guy said, now that Obama's elected, I'm going to give me one of those.
Does he think that Obama's going to give him a car?
George is hoping for it.
All right.
I work my ass off for the money.
I make a guy who's loitering in front of a gas station wants my car.
Anyway, I just said, good luck.
Then on my way out of the store, I open the door for my wife and one of the ladies outside just barged in and daniel ran over us.
Are these rude people in general?
And they think they own the world and I'm confused.
And you love your guys.
So Bill from Tampa is obviously the erases and is trying to suggest that all black people are rude and obnoxious, etc.
I guess that's what I don't know what the other point is.
What's your point, Bill?
Tampa.
You good old boy from Tampa, redneck.
Better get used to it.
Last time I was over there, I see a lot of dark folks in the Tampa area.
Lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of dark.
So you better watch your altitude there, Bill.
If the guy's going to just come and take your keys and drive away in your BMW, how do you like that?
That'll teach you a thing or two.
Marcel says the best Cuban food is real crystal on bird road in southwestern, the best real Cuban food, great dive.
Real crystal.
Never heard of it?
No.
Did now.
You better, you got a lot of eating to do, man.
What's taking you that new limo that's divine, you have your limo driver take you all around town, make a list of all these.
That's right.
And take you from one spot to the other, including that rectal, whatever that one was.
Lime is all, what was it?
Nothing, I forgot all about that.
I know it was a keeper.
Lime is awesome on Alton Road in Miami Beach.
It's awesome, always lines out there.
Or soon we'll open it in time, Miami too.
Lime.
And what is the thing with, I guess all that is because the Mexicans love lime too on, they spritz it.
Yeah, well, here in the New World they had limes, so they found stuff to do with them.
And why is like limon is lemon and lime?
It's just one of those things.
Well, I mean, did they run out of room for words in the Spanish language or what?
Can I have room for one more word?
They could.
Don't look at me.
Yeah, they don't want to.
Right.
They don't want to.
Well, that's where it goes.
Limon.
So there is no separate word for lime, is that what you were saying?
Correct.
Limon means, well, how do you know what they want?
Greenwood or a yellow one?
Scar faces palm island mansion to be sold.
Wow, I have to save that for tomorrow.
It's got nothing to do with anything.
Jackie says I'm listening in North Carolina.
Thanks to you in Georgia.
I enjoy the day.
Don't listen to the morons that complain.
They're still listening anyway, aren't they?
That's right, Jackie.
They're still listening.
What are we going to complain to if we can't complain here?
What?
Never.
Never had to follow up from that turd, by the way.
You think there would be like a follow up like that other jerk last week that Eddie?
Oh, you read my thing on here and they sent me a second one and I just shamed candid.
Because that's what most of these people are desperately seeking, desperately attention.
I have no life.
Yeah.
Oh, talk about me.
I have no life.
No.
Chuck in Chicago is back again.
Chuck is a big groupie.
Baja Cafe is good stuff.
Says Chuck.
I remember they're being two of them.
One in Boka, Palm Edo Park Road, in Meizner Park, and one in Deerfield Beach on Federal Highway.
Very good Mexican food.
Baja Cafe.
Somebody else said Baja Grill, it's not bad.
It's a chain though, more fast food than a good meal.
Says Chuck.
Well, with sugar, I have food in South Florida like they have in Chicago.
I'll tell you that.
Am I right?
Well, that's right.
You weren't Chicago about five minutes.
That's right.
I keep forgetting.
Two minutes in Disney City.
Hey, send George back to Miami.
Okay, he's out of here.
I don't think he'd like to you too much.
I don't know.
I could be wrong.
I don't know.
I was small potatoes.
I wasn't connected like other people were.
Like Cheryl?
Yeah.
West in Lakeland, too close to Tampa for comfort, he says.
Says, I think Bill and Tampa is myth that black folks are acting now like white folks have been all along.
What do whatever that means?
Do you know what that means?
Nope.
I don't need that.
I don't want to even try interpreting it.
Well, I'll let you guys do it out.
Okay, you can meet like halfway between Lakeland and Tampa.
You can meet like in what's that place of bar,
Brandon and Barstow.
All those are the Yahoo.
Maybe they can meet and elutes at the at what you call it.
Where they have the hamburgers.
Crystal.
See you, Ago.
Because of your obnoxious comments about your wife,
I'm trying to like block that out of my mind.
Crystal.
George.
I heard it.
It's day, oh, in Miami town.
At five, six, oh, WQA.
Oh, God, I don't go in there.
You hear my stomach, my boy?
My stomach.
I don't look at it.
My mouth's broken.
People hitting homes from work late one night
when they saw the fine on the fast food line.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl.
And the next thing you know, they started to hurt.
And I go out.
This comic started to blow.
And I go out.
A burning inside that throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
It's causing all this diarrhea.
But none of the sick are going to die.
They've just got a bad case of E. Colour.
From that go out.
This comic started to blow.
And I go out.
A burning inside that throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It should have skipped the damn Chalupa.
You might not have made that super.
Next time you pass the signs they know.
Even though it's grilled.
So it's good to go.
Lots of people got sick and wish the day on the gun.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the barn.
The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut.
So next time they'll just go to eat the hot.
Not my go belt.
There's some excited to blow.
From Chalupa.
A burning inside that throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
From Chalupa.
From Chalupa.
Bye bye bye.
