Yes Jimmy Cifalus the worst a Jimmy you failed H.I.
Sixty W the great you know what's the news about your show to talk to Neil dial five six seven oh five
I need you to go out of that often in other counties called toll free eight seven seven seven eight five
The given it is down five on three on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones the opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his
Colleys do not represent the record temperature here that is gonna be 15 to 59 degrees maybe right your show
I'm fine. They went outside the week. It's right there you
Where still?
The stimulus package don't buy me says we need
Nothing more than pork and more political green
Saving banks that sank from their bad policy is more than 50 ways to waste our money
More than 50 ways to waste our money
millions for sex
50 million to fund
cash for green technology
Sounds boba's to me
Oh one billion more census
Don't make sense
You let's philosophy yes, man you're kidding me
Oh, let's bail out the bank so the CEO can get 50 million dollar bonus. What are you saying with our money? All right
We got a fake Facebook. We got that while back and
Thanks to my friend friend whatever his name is Ken up in atobico
He alerted me to the fact and not only alerted me, but he sent me a copy with some of the crap they're putting on there
Twitter we're on Twitter and fake Neil Roger show
site
page yep, and it's got all this updates George the great job. I was gone with a date in the time and
33 years in his business date in the time here I come would buy all this other crap. This is all bogus
Right fake Neil Roger show page on Twitter just like we got a fake Neil Roger show page on face fake fake book
There you go
God
Like you said about the internet's
Yep so many children and so little time and so many people with the same problem. I have no life mm-hmm
Well here's the here's
The annual email from mr. Ego
Maybe not every year, but every every couple years when he gets bored when he realizes
He's on a station and nobody ever heard of that they don't even show up at all in the ratings that he's basically
Falling off the face of the earth with his right wing clap trap
Here's the email that came in at 4.27 this morning
See you know it's got to be for real because nobody would wake up in the middle of the night
But when somebody works mornings in his up at that hour it makes all the sense in the world that it's real is real
From Steve Kane subject debate
Same old desperation
Disturbed some contrive controversy so that old Uncle Neil can put Steve back on the mat
Getting a little bit of attention so people know he's actually on the air or
Post-being on you
Hello Neil. I'm challenging you to a debate to be broadcast on 1470 or on WQM
This debate will be formatted like a battle of the local talk show hosts
I have asked on my show Tom jicca misspelled to be the monitor of the debate
I will read this challenge on the air every morning until you respond
I'm responding right now Steve. Oh, and just like it has been for all the other years
You've tried this crap the answer is still no I would I dignify him with a response no
You and I are the only original talk show host left here in South Florida to celebrate you're more than 25 years in the market as well as mine
What a better fit than the two of us engaged in debate over game marriage. I await your answer god bless you Steve
My answer is no absolutely
Absolutely positively no
I wouldn't waste my time I would even taking a breath in your direction
Oh
Is this pathetic or what yeah?
always challenging you to a debate
And then you tell me that when you do your appearances the guy with the eyes and the guy with a fanny pack come by on on behalf of the mr
Ego show and
The challenge you to Brian Craig wants to debate George a lot of things
I mean talk about silliness uh-huh talk about nonsense why why in the world would we dignify them?
They don't even show up. They don't make a blip on a rickere scale
And that's what they're praying for oh please Neil please dignify me with a response put me on let somebody really hear me no
No, you're done. I think you ever was much, but you're done
I wish y'all the luck in the world and continue to grind out a living and during these tough economic times
I know you got 45 kids to support, but I got one
I got one unofficially adopted uh child and it cost me a lot of money lots of money plus a couple of other people that I have to support
I don't have to but I do willingly and lovingly because I'm a great guy
And I sure as hell not interested in promoting mr. Ego with contrived garbage with clap track
I'm gonna keep promoting it every day and this way go ahead
What I really meant to say I'm sorry
What I really meant to say was
Go ahead
In fact, uh, I was skinny on the elevator last night in my building and
There was you know somebody else at the elevator door way to get on right at the simultaneously with me
And I said go ahead and that's that came to my mind as soon as I said it I
Yeah, I say it all day long. Do you go ahead? Go ahead
Well, here's an astonishing piece of news that goes to show you the old man isn't as far out of touch with reality as some of you think
Thank you, Steven Jersey for sending me this by the way
Maddo forced to glam up. Hmm
I don't know what this is from but nevertheless it's a story from some publication Rachel Maddo's reluctant makeover
Rachel Maddo has been forced to glam up says Louise France in the London Observer with her six foot frame
Boyish appearance. I think what they mean is ducky appearance
The MSNBC host is long joke that she has a face made for radio where she started her career
I'm an unusual looking person Maddo says. I'm not a TV anchor bag babe. I'm a big lesbian who looks like a man
But now that Maddo is in fact the anchor of her own program
She's had to make adjustments reluctantly agreeing to wear a makeup and what she caused lady clothes
You see it wasn't just me imagining that she looked real ducky
And that she wasn't wearing any makeup and she was going out of her way to look as manly and gross as possible
As it turns out many viewers men and women alike now consider her a sex symbol judging by her fan mail and all the internet chatter
You consider her a sex symbol
Me you talk to me. Yeah
Yeah, people are kind and flattering. She says but it's remarkable and weird
Part of my life that I try not to dwell on the fact that she's a real pasty looking
Ducky and goes out of her way to accentuate the negative
She doesn't admit that she's become more aware of her appearance even if the issue is still great on her
I get exasperated my goal is to do the physical appearance stuff in such a way that it's not comment worthy
I don't think very much about my appearance and when I do it's not how would you say strategic she laughs
It's not strategic she laughs
But it's a visual medium and it really does matter what you look like she's finally come to that conclusion
They've convinced her it does matter. We don't want some pasty looking dyke on the air with no makeup no
lipstick no nail polish looking really butch
butch
Just because you were a dyke. I mean there's nothing wrong with being a dyke
But Jesus that doesn't mean you have to go out of your way to prove it. We believe you
Don't we don't we believe she's a pasty dyke
Yeah, we believe it but that's a put out a little bit of lipstick and mascara and rouge and look like a who are you to tell a
Well, she's doing it. How's she doing it? They told her already
Because they know for damn sure that they'll cut you know, it's got at least one eye and can see can see the crap they put on there
Not to mention the fact that she's a very weak
Keith Obermann the second that was up 61 points
Oh here we go
Know your update know your rights. What does that mean?
What in God's name is this from David Woodward you're a crazy person David everything you send me is kaka
Kaka time it seemed to me that he was sending me some
Ken says Ken from Atobikos says because I emailed the back as he deats a fake the Twitter
He said that sucks a fake neo-roger's is nothing sacred neo-god Ken is obsessed with me and he's right up the road
I better watch myself
Sessed good guy, but boy you talk about obsessive
So here's the where's the pull from yesterday? I'm disorganized
I actually have some stuff here. We might we might make it till I don't know 11 or 12 and today we got the the pick-up only thing at
145 from Gulfstream Cliff is our contestant
Cliff
I'm not sure if that's Cliff from Kendall, but
And
My pick so far I got miss it. I
Reserve the right to change my mind
based on things burning blaze number six is my pick with a bark koa
First time he's writing that piece by the way and taking a big drop into a claimer
Favorite's going to be the two the next Cito horse, but he's cheap. He won a big big race last time, but cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap
One by open lengths
So he'll be the chalk. I don't like the chalk anyway. You like chalk? No, we had that all chalk double last week and you cashed
But not too much I had a dream the other night
Yeah, that I picked a
Horse with a big price like 25 to 1 or something and he won by open lengths
And I'm trying to do the math in my head and all the our contestant winning about them with me. Yeah, like that was it was good
It was just a dream though, of course
I mean what's all do I know about it?
Here's the pull from yesterday. Who is your all-time favorite commercial character?
677 vote
Boy, it's stuffy in here. I think I want to open up a window during the day should do it. I mean go ahead
It's stuffy. Yeah, because it's going to be like 60 degrees today. Jesus God sunny
Sunny, it's already let me take a look at it because I'm sure cast an oversticking notes
By the way, congratulations on the numbers, Kyle Paulie. I don't know how you did it
That bubble must be really bad. It's already 56 13 56
Maybe it'll go all the way up to 77. Wouldn't that be great? Oh, I like 77. That's what I heard
Who's your all-time favorite commercial character? The where's the beef lady Clara Pell or 155 long since did
She sleeps with a horse radish
Budweiser lizard's 114 the caveman 66 the guy co-caveman Joe Rose 59
One kid the gecko 51 Tony the tiger 50 Mr. Whipple don't squeeze the Charmin note squeeze it 43. I'll squeeze it if I want to squeeze it
Joe Azuzu 39 he was the lead edition and we apologize for that
The light beer guy. Yes, I am 37
Do you remember that? Yep, I'm just vaguely yes, I am oh, yeah
Marlboro man 18 made tag repairman 14 who is Jesse White and you know
I said it was Eddie Bracken
Every time I saw the made tag repairman I for years. I thought it was Eddie Bracken
You know I really did Bracken you didn't look anything like Jesse White, but nevertheless
Eddie Bracken was a marginal actor long time ago long ago
Denoid 10 Fred the Baker six from the donut thunken donuts
Brunk your donut
Al the encore frozen food mooch six now wasn't Al the a food mooch wasn't he the guy from a happy days the same guy with a big
Snies I think you might have been
Was it I think you might have been yeah eventually
Yeah, I'll see you around six in your place. That's right for a TV dinner
Ronald McDonald for the keyboard L3 in the glad garbage man. Solimente dose only two now
Know it's how I'm taking it real slow and easy today
Yeah, it's Friday. I want to see about my energy for punching it wood buying over the weekend
Like early tomorrow morning
I get so much crap from so many people including you and formerly from fat tubby Chris
Oh man gets up real early 4 4 30 in the morning on the weekends and slips all the way over to what I don't know
What you're making up. I've never ever ever said anything about you going to wood buying. Oh, you even thought it
You haven't thought of it. No, I could give a rat
Ask so in other words, I have your permission to my my my most enthusiastic encouragement
Really yes, I enjoy it good. It's fun. Enjoy your life. What's left of it? That's that's exactly right
That's exactly right all these people give me crap. Oh, you're gonna spend all your money. Yeah, what to man
Yeah, and it's your least I'll enjoy and I won't have a little bit about leaving it to all these other people
That's right. I'll leave me something a little something some bag of money
388 votes on the current poll which occupation
What what where's the where's the poll question
Well, what what just happened here?
I don't know
Which occupation or trade though and then it it chopped off sure does
What happened eric it was on their fine before what happened eric maybe I can fix it what's it supposed to say you can fix it
I think he gave us control of that now
Control of what how are you gonna fix it? I think I got control of it. What's it supposed to say? Oh, I don't know how to why no
Didn't you put it up previously
Why but you're right it was on there. No, it's not correct
Though what which occupation which is supposedly macho is a lot of closet queens is what the question is I don't know how it was worded
Maybe Erick can get it back the way it belongs
Lifeguards 96 firefighter 64 football player 60 marines 49 soldiers 34 cops 33
Caramedics 31 I never met a straight perimeteer
Bounce her 16 karate black belt six sailors one as in hey sailor
You're listening to me. Oh, if you can't fix that eric. Thank you. We're not
We're later
Introduces the definitive collection for the anal retent
The feces are the species cities
Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection available today
Our animal doodle replicas are handcrafted of the finest pewter order today and your first stew will arrive in two weeks
Classic cow-cheap
Real you can almost
smell
We're marveled the attention to detail and be amazed at the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the bunny bullet
Order today and you'll receive our special bird sins
See what it looks like before it hits your windshield
We are part of this powerful move
There's no time to waste
Call now the feces of the species collection is going fast
Oh, I know it's one. I heard a boys and bury in the middle of that thing. I didn't
I open a window that was it
I open the window, but not nearly enough. I guess really it's so stuffy
Stuffy in here. Do the show outside and get some circulation. Do the one do the show outside today
I could do the show out of balcony would be good if I had a long my cord, but I don't and then we'll be kind of hard to like hit gay those
Let's see here's a one from Rooley
After hearing the email you read about her glaming up the commercial I heard yesterday makes sense
I heard Rachel Maddo last night doing a radio spot for cosmetics. I figured it was a comedy bit
Common her doing beauty spots common
Her doing beauty spots is like George W. Doing spots for men's uh by the way happy 33rds is Rooley
Thanks Rooley. Pulley whoever you are
When you hear this next one it's going to make the mr. ego email pale under one significance
Neil at nearogers.com by the way for all your emails observations commentaries and crap
Get let me give you a guess who this next one is allegedly from
Connick caller Joe Rocho
Story yeah
Excellent job George with very little just a tiny clue
Hi, Neil my name is Stormcat. I'm a big part of the Joe Rocho. I call every day and Joe and I have little conversation and that's all
I don't know why you have an issue with that because your calls suck. That's why
Because nobody wants to hear the same jackass call the same show day after day after day and pretty much at the same time usually too
Nobody wants to hear that whether it's richie from Boris head mark the jets fan stormy nobody wants to listen to a radio show where the same idiot calls every I'm your friend every day
You've been calling me off for two weeks and I didn't want to email you but I'm tired of it
Yesterday you were talking about something in the word storm came up
And all of a sudden you started to go off. No, I did not the word storm never came up and I didn't go off on anything. Did I?
No
No
Stormy stormy don't ever call the station stormy. Please leave me alone Neil
You even talked to the beast about me when he was there. I was listening
I'm a sports guy. I's whenever called you but you've been hating on me man. You've been hating on me
If I've been hating on stormy
Yeah, you're a hater
To drink in that heater aid Eric still hasn't corrected the pool. I'm not chatting with him about that as we speak
I mean, we got it. Otherwise, it's meaningless. And let's uh, we get the poll question on there, right
Right
How does that happen all of a sudden? We don't know
What we don't know
Well, so what's he gonna do that? I don't know fix it
How can he do that with magic? Okay, techno magic. Clunk your magic twang or froggy
Please leave me alone you leave it talk to beast yet. Uh, I haven't even called you in two days because of you
But I'll start on Monday again, but you better leave me be thank you storm you better leave me be something a threat
I better leave you be or what storm that was up 26 points. It was up uh, well over 100
And now it's giving away those gains
You know my cab guy and I we talk about this a lot my lesbian ease cab driver
About what a what a fraud the stock market has become over the last many years
You know what really started becoming fraudulent when CNBC went on here those people belong in prison
Including you Maria with diarrhea you belong in jail on death row
Pedaling crap. Oh, it's a buying opportunity. It's always a buying opportunity. It's never a selling opportunity
It's always a buying opportunity
In fact, I got an email about her about some crap she was peddling the other day
It's in my pile. I'll get to it Maria
Since they went on a year and they're nonstop 24 seven peddling peddling peddling peddling peddling and the reason they keep peddling is because if people stop buying stock then they're out of business
Am I right? You bet
Abso freaking lootly a fool and his money are soon parted
Once upon a time when I was like a little kid you'd invest, you know, in the stock market was for investing in making money
You would invest in like what were really great companies back then, you know general motors. Oh
Kodak
General electric and you'd make money you you're in dividends you'd make money and over a period of years your your investment would grow and
You'd make some cash now big scam
Every time you turn around to housing bubble. It's the tech bubble. It's the uh soap bubble
It's some other damn bubble. It's bubble the love sponge who didn't do squat by the way
Now realize he was only on one month of the trend and the arbitrage is usually a month behind
So the next trend will see if he made any progress
But Paul and Ron actually went up and he did nothing he did squasky they have Paul and Ron had a 5.1 share and the state
He's on whatever the hell it is had a 1.7
That's that's more than triple isn't it? It's triple. Okay
I'm a cripple if it ain't triple. I'm telling you
Well, what kind of a number is that 1.7 that he was supposed to goose up their number above it lost bunch
I guess they're not promoting him at all because you know who's got money to promote and I guess uh the people in the trailer park seven discovered him yet
The trailer trash the Tampa crowd, you know the red necks the Yehu's
I don't know I can't comment on his show because I've never heard it all
I know as I've heard some commentary from people who've got an IQ larger than their thumbnail and they say it blows
It blows it blows it blows and if Paul and young Ron are beating the crap out of him. What does that tell you
using recycling my material
The pole still says the same thing
Oh, there we go. That's why Eric. Thank you. Which occupation or trade though mochomacho is also a breeding ground for those in the closet
Very good. Thank you Eric. What will we do without Eric? We wouldn't have a show. We wouldn't have a life
Oh
This is hysterical
Roger Kaputnikin focuses. I've seen a lot of whispers in my day, but never one is cowardly as you debate Steve
It will get the biggest ratings in years and prove you once and for all that right is right and wrong is wrong
Grow some testicles pansy. Yo, yeah right is right
Jim from Kalamazoo says what is the real name of today's pool? Well, you just got a Jim just relax
We had listener in Kalamazoo. How do you like that?
W.I.O.D. listeners flood the station with good news. Who's this from
from some of goofball
From South Floridian's losing their jobs to homeowners trying to fight for a closure to stimulus bills. It's a lot to deal with
Oh, this is just a puff piece for a South Florida's first news and I would they don't need any publicity from us
Okay, they had a big big-ass book
Right wing is in in South Florida at least for the diaries rush
Even Jimmy Cifalidic oh, and by the way, wait till you hear about the pool. I already told you this pool that they did across the street. Yeah
Not that Jimmy would care because Jimmy seems oblivious to his
lack of ability in the broadcast medium
I know I got to do a break, but I'll dip into my pile here. Here it is
ticket pole 790 this is the one they got on there now
Who is the worst local radio play-by-play announcer and guess who's winning that pool by a landslide Jimmy?
Well here we go again
In India we like to drink soda dot has some peace
But now we got soap on Kistop that's made with bovine wheeze
I'd like to teach the world to drink a glass of some cow pee
You never go back to drinking coke because cow urine's tasty
Oh
Oh
You don't forget to ask when jabi it's a 1032 gets him a diet
Weas
All right, John says the coworker told me she tried to get assistance with her mortgage that she's currently on she wanted to try to get lower rate
She was told the only way she could qualify for the stimulus assistance is if she didn't make three mortgage payments
I've voted for Obama, but if this is his idea getting the country back on the speed
We're in trouble says John love the show. We're in trouble. Yeah, we're in trouble. I'll write we're in big big trouble
Are you sending me to our facts? Yes
Really yes, that's pretty unusual because 99.9% of the time when my facts starts percolating
I ask you are you send me send me say no and it's an ad facts right it's an ad fact well this time
Really just this one time here
The fake Jim de Fides
Santana from alapata sends us this
Serious stock clothes at 13 cents. Why do we need somebody out there to tell us what to stock close that when we already know
Can I just go online and see any moment of any day what serious stock is no
You have to be told lie about voted for karate black belts. Okay, great
P.S. Tyler Kennedy is God two goals against the panthers last night while screw him and your penguins
Scream and why do I care about this story about this some coach?
Do I care about this?
I don't even once after is the rest of former youth swim coach at Pinecrest School in Fort Lauderdale
Played the guilty yesterday of transvening kitty porn
Roberto Caragall 35 of plantation ended his plea before US district judge Kenneth Maureen West Palm
He faces up to 20 years in prison out of the terms of his P agreement
Federal prosecutor said Thursday for the first time that Kira girl admitted to sexual encounters with five underage boys whom he coached
He also admitted he had an ongoing
Sexual relationship with the underage female he met at a swimming related event. Well, he's spread it around
Assist in US attorney Brent Tantillo declined to elaborate. He said investigation was ongoing
Caragall worked at pinecrest from 2006. He was arrested November
He previously coached boy swimming at Sacriss Bay High School in western and several swim clubs
think earth swim think earth swim
What do you say?
Yes, ink or swim think what do you what do you think?
That was up six point it's it's going to be a negative territory soon Maria it's going to be a negative territory
66 just over 66 hundred of the freaking Dow and a few weeks ago was 14,000
Here comes the bunny and air goes your money
For it a big pile of Schmidt is what we're in
So anyway, here's that ticket pull fake Barry Jackass sent it to me. Thank you Barry
Who is the worst local radio play by play announcer? I'm sure there's an update on this and how come on the ticket unlike our pool
Where we show the numbers of votes they show percentages
I
Think that when people only show percentages they know what should know how few votes they're getting on exactly right I could be what you're exactly right
And how come Gildey's not on here, huh? Maybe he's got some inside buddies over there across the street from his five weeks that he worked there
So they don't want to put Gildey on there. He's weak. I watched quite a bit of the panther lost last night. He's weak
And Denise potpan
He's got to get paid by the syllable not just by the word that dumb frog my god never shuts up
He's like the Pierre McGuire of South Florida
And one time he's rambling on about something in Gildey interjected and tried to call you know
Whatever the play was on the ice and then Denise interrupted him so he can go back to talking about his crap
Whatever was his inane garbage you're an idiot Denise
I
Remember that I feel really really shmitty thing that was just how dumb can you be to say that on here?
All I talked to Doug this morning and you said I feel really really shmitty
Only he didn't put the em in shmitty right this is on a on a on television on a sports cast
Rumor said he almost fell out of the booth never rumored. Oh, yeah, I remember him
Coming back soon
Come on
Who is the worst local radio play by plan answer is that what they're asking across the street Jimmy syphilis
51 and a half percent
Oh just crushing the competition
Mike ingress. I have no idea who he is he's got only 0.4%
Dave and Horan has only got 0.3% which is embarrassing because he's is boring is
Randy Moher silly red deer Randy's got 2.7% Joseph got got got got got got got got got he he's got 13
0.6% he's a comfortable third and Jeremy Marx peltz. I have no idea who he is 31.5%
He must be a heat guy or something. Do you know who that is Jeremy Marx peltz? No, maybe flee knows who it is
Maybe fleeo come running and say oh he's the guy does the heat on whatever
On a radio and gildey's not even on here
I don't understand that do you understand why gildey is not on this list
like I said because he's probably got some bunk butt buddies over there across the street from the five minutes
He worked there
I don't see him on our schedule for this weekend. We got DA Saturday tomorrow 2 to 5
Right in the middle of it and Kevin Rogers 5 to 6 to 50 wow
Adam Coopersteen Sunday morning 9 to noon boy and the beast at marklight stating before the baseball game from noon to 12.50
I don't think about clearance man he sticks that beast in there anywhere he's
Anywhere he's slide him in there you know what I mean?
Raccoon anywhere he's slide him in any what a picture he works him in
So what do you think about that? Miss syphilis 51.5% of the listeners to the sports nerds across the street
Think you're the worst local radio play-by-play announcer and you may not be the worst, but you're sure right there in the hunt
You and Joseph get get get get get get get get get get get oh my god. I don't know who Jeremy Marx peltz is
I wonder if anybody will email me and tell me
Since George is out of the loop on the scrap maybe they will
I think you should do a poll to find out how many people in south-throwed are in the closet says yoldi
Uh the fake yoldi
How do we do that? How do we find out how many people are in the closet?
Start kelting huh start counting I see go in the closet there with them. Uno dos trace. Let's get the Scotty-Macti
You know
It's why do you best do really time for your animal?
Geez mom. Not another animal kids just hate getting animals and mom's a giving them
But now there's a brand new animal that kids just love
Introducing you M&Animals the candy coated chocolate animal that makes getting cleaned out fun. Hey mom
Can I have another animal? I don't know Billy that makes your third animal today. Please
Well, okay cool
And this time I want a green one. Oh, sorry son. I took all the green ones. I did my two boys
New M&Animals melts in your butt not in your head 16 to 11 at 5 60 WM so the beast came through for me nobody else
Good nobody else my canvas is the heat
And Jeremy Marx peltz what we got a facts
Jeremy Marx peltz is played by play for FIU
He's also a sports nerd over across the street and yet he got the strong second place
31.5% of their 10 votes they got but Jimmy Cifil is just demolishing the competition
As the worst local play by play an answer
They hate you Jimmy. They're on to you. You suck
That clip that fat Chris played that one day or was it fat Chris? It was it whoever played it
I think it was that was unbelievable unbelievable
No, he ends up all off to number 83 and he runs
For a touchdown. What's going on?
Somebody silly people, you know silly people this business attracts it like Mr. Ego with his contrabossi
I challenge you to a baby. I challenge you Mr. Rogers. Yeah blow it out your ass you silly old cout
Phil arc says in my previous email I forgot to gloat about all the chalk results of last week
You mocked me in my stats 45% chalk winning percentage and what happens? I was right
Yeah, but I hate to break the news to you Phil arc, but when I picked the 11th horse last Friday
He was five to one in the morning line. He was the third choice. How the hell was I gonna know he was gonna go off heavy chalk?
Huh? Huh unless I'm psychic go with the chalky golf streams his Phil arc. Yeah go go with this
Oh, he follows it up with what go with God
Go with God God be with you God bless you as mr. Rigo said
God bless you. Are you sending me another facts? Yeah
Yes, I am
Beaver today. I'm a vaccine for today
Well, I sure wish I wish it was freezing outside
But it's not
Let's see oh call number five right now wins a $50 certificate to e city grill in western check out their menu at ecity grill.com
Here's the number to call one eight hundred two two seven oh five sixty
Caller number five one eight hundred two two seven oh five sixty and that number works
Don't be giving me any agree for the song and it is oh I tried to call numbers disconnected. Yeah, right. You should live so long
All these people make up stories crap
Caller number five right now this second is fully answering the phone or what yes
1 800 two two seven oh
60 wins a $50 certificate to e city grill in western check out their menu east city grill.com
And by the way, we got 10 certificates left from
Two weeks ago and one for kegs south of Kendall from land this the last week
Just want to element the uno on
Wtq.m.com got it got it. We got a winner yet or what? I don't know you you think so
At some point for sure within seconds. He'll be opening the door. What?
I'm sure within seconds
Well, don't I'm not asking how are you sure? I'm not asking for an opinion all right well then
I'm asking if we got another winner on q.a.m. Bob. I remember that jingle
Yeah, we got another winner whatever that was back when q.m. was you could hear it
Back when it had a signal and back when it had an audience
Two things in this business that are really helpful
We got no mom we don't have a winner no
What language are you speaking mister? No, no, no
Really?
All was starting to answer the question, but then you cut me off so no, go ahead no
The answer you don't have five collars no
You've got to be joking me. I was starting to say I'm sure within seconds or maybe a minute
The door will be opening and Lee will tell us who the winner is but not yeah, but not you well
We don't need to know who the winner is
But he'll tell me he'll open the door and give me a
Caller number five right now 800 227 05 60 wins a $50 significant East City Grille, Weston. How come we don't have a winner yet?
Maybe we don't have five people doesn't that's possible where things are going
Yeah, you got one yet
No
You're you're playing with my mind you're you're playing with my emotions exactly what I'm doing I'm jerking you around
How's that possible?
$50 certificate for free for free for flizz crowd
Maybe that number is disconnected
I'm sorry the number you're calling was disconnected 10 years ago and it's just another QAM scam
1 800 227 05 will it we have a winner finally
The fact that I had to push that I mean that that's that's embarrassing
There wasn't bad enough. We got those ratings yesterday, but you can't complain about our ratings since we don't have any
We are vanishing from the dial
Well the signal that's really vile
I'm gonna go dump a pile how do you like that? I don't really need to but I'll maybe I can work one up
All right jump up and down a little bit
Do the twist
Phil Arx says heard you mentioned the radio trends lab bastard killing QAM in the afternoons and all the rest which if you remember
Uh, I warned Joe Bell about
No, he warned Joe Bell about but I didn't hear you mentioned anything about Bubba versus Paul and young Ron's new rivalry
Well, you must not have been listening very carefully because I talked about it yesterday. I talked about it already this morning
Is he beginning to make in-roars into their audience none they went up and he did nothing
There show used to be six hours long and five hours long in this week
It just became four hours is this related to the trends no
Maybe they came to their senses over there because nobody does a five or six hours show. Maybe that's what it's related to
They kick his ass big time
They wiped the wall with his bloody Tampa ass
And then this nonsense. I can't wait to hear what you have to say about Santa need to oaks in the Santa need to Derby this weekend
I have nothing to say because I don't care about either one of them
Please announce what hour you'll be handicapping these two races along with the Gulf Stream race today
ah
And also why does Don Sherry Hadovetskin he has to amin he's having great season because he's a Russian
That's why he's European he hates all European players and any excuse will come up with to knock Europeans because he's a he's a bigoted old
Coot and his act is as stale as last year's Hadova
Keep keep mentioning a lot of other stuff that nobody cares about Phil Arches Phil Arches
He's part of the
Cotary of enemies which we have so many
Getting back to the pool Laurie and Baltimore says please add sailor to the pool
Which I know can't resist it do it hey sailor
My straight son was in the Navy told me there were a lot of gays in there that he knew as far as he knew no one ever bothered anybody about it
On the other hand one of my best friends who happens to be gay is the veteran of the Korean War he says he never got so much sex as he didn't the army
He also says there was no hassle about it either
Everyone knew who was gay and who was straight and nobody really cared that was his experience anyway back in the day happy Friday
You enjoyed Laurie and Baltimore
Baltimore
Sailors so we added sailor on the pool
And it's got a bunch of votes
19 already 19 gay sailors gay
George says if they were screwing around the head of the gay
Straight guys don't screw around with guys even if they're out at sea for a month and months straight
years
By centuries right
Eons
Right there's a word for guys that don't screw around with guys
Big day from adventurist says hey Neil city group for 92 cents a share or AIG for 33 cents a share or perhaps serious for eight cents a share
You think these represent buying opportunities. No, I do not
Yesterday on CNBC Maria B and Jim Kramer said these stocks represent tremendous buying opportunities
Well good let that buy it let them buy up all the stock
And that if you fail to buy these stocks now you'll be missing out on a chance of a lifetime
Needled you agree with these assertions and if so will you be dabbling in the market soon buying these three stocks recommend on CNBC?
I'm not buying any stocks
I wouldn't I wouldn't pay attention to see and especially crazy Jim Kramer
Here's a man who jumps up and down acts like rumpel stiltskin on drugs and we're supposed to invest our money based on his ramblings
You're a crazy person big day from adventura further if not interested in purchasing equities with a lactense from ria b interest you not in the least she's a skank
Rumor has it that Maria B still visits burning made off nightly performing various dances and touting stocks while she wiggles her fine assets
She don't have any fine assets. Okay. She's a scabby skank
scrawny with humongous bags under her eyes
nasty old puss on a serious note congratulations on 33 years of radio dominance say healthy be well and win lots of it
What would buy because George is counting on that big inheritance which he isn't getting any
And you couldn't be more right about Siddiad Rosenberg. He's unlistenable on a complete non-talent
Please send his ass on the plane back to New York and tell Sid to get a nose job as its size resembles Mike Tyson's shlong
Says big day from adventura. How do you like that?
I thought that was Joseph Gackie old penis face
Is that who that was who
Joseph Gackie penis on face on the push
See how that pulse coming well, you're really that was down 23 didn't that tell you
Oh, there's uh, there's your president in front of a bunch of young cops
There's no longer any doubt that you will be employed as officers of the law when you leave here today
Some of those cops are yeah, I'm sure of that anyway that ties right in with our puller. You see that even the president is impressed
Aren't you yep? Oh boy a bunch of emails. Wow. I don't know if I'm gonna here's one from bend over MD
Yeah, very funny this delete delete people take all this time to write garbage and I deleted it immediately and it's like
Yeah, but at least it kept them off the street I guess it
I've got a few moments of their life at time
468 votes on the pool which occupation or trade though mochomacho is also a breeding grout for those in the closet
Fagala
468 votes lifeguards 114 that's what I voted. Give me a straight lifeguard
I haven't met uh any many I don't know
Don't you remember all those queen lifeguards? I don't know
Oh factoring and calling and everything yet basically. Yeah
Firefighter 72 they look to slide up and down that greased
Pull football player 69 marines 55 cops 38 soldiers 37 paramedics 36 sailors 21
Bouncer 17 and karate black belts nine
That closet is so crowded man. They're all rattling around in there that closet
You know what I mean Jimmy you fail you fail you fail you fail you fail you fail you
You're listening to Neil Roger
Any question do you have to take your daughters to see the new Jonas Brothers movie oh my god
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit each survival kit comes with a sleep mask
So you don't have to watch your blood so you don't have to hear and a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work
Oh my god the Jonas Brothers the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit you can make it the film is only 76 minutes long
Me those ear plugs oh my god the Jonas Brothers
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit it's too late for me save yourselves
Okay 1101 at 560 wqm we haven't looked at our schedule for today. Well, let's take a puke at it
We got the big O2 mad dog 4 to 7 7 to 11 we got um an earth Carolina state baseball
It's started for four hours. I know there's hurricane baseball games tend to be a little bit long but four hours
Come on now and then after that the Greg don't like a show
Well several people here have said that number is disconnected. I called it myself and a rang just fine
And it obviously worked for the person who won although you know they'll say they all it's a scam
You're just pretending to give that certificate away and really they're pocketing it or
Mm-hmm
No, I think it's you know I mentioned gaslight the other day. I think you and flea are trying to pull a Charles Boyet
No winner. No winner yet. We don't have five callers Neil
It's one of them things oh
Nancy Williams's best Viagra professional at laughable price laughable is right get out of here Nancy get lost
Gotta keep that stuff just on and it never stops
Middle of the day middle of the night on and on and on buzzing and buzzing and buzzing and puking and buzzing
Steve Rodinero says
How about adding newscasters to your poll? I can go on and on about what I've seen backstage
You know behind the set thank you sir, and this is obviously the fake Steve Rodinero
Do you think it's the real one? No chance
Randy says if you call 1 822 7 0 5 60 you do get a recording says the number disconnected
Well, I called it myself after I got a few of these emails and guess what?
Rings just fine. Yep
Steve says listen to your people that number rings unobtainable while rings fine for me
See it's one of those it it's a phone number that recognizes who's calling
It only accepts Jew fags
That's why when I call their rings right to no problem
Sydney says since Georgia sports deficient
How about we bring fat Chris in the guest board off once a week and help out with this sports knowledge. I'm dying over here says
Whoever the city I'm dying over here Sydney
Sydney's dying over there. We'll go well don't waste any time Sydney hurry it up
What is some stuff coming in today that's good. Thank God for that. There's emails coming Neil at neo-rojes.com. Keep in coming
Keep in coming
Heath says called for a free giveaway as soon as you said the line was busy
line with it was busy
I think flea is uh diddle with us
When is George going to do another show on roller skates? Where's his partner Lucy Lou?
Heath wants to know where's your partner Lucy Lou
Are you taking that seriously?
What do you mean by that? I thought it was another goofball
It is another goofball, but listen
If we're only going to take serious people seriously we're not going to have any
Material because there are no serious people. I'm sorry. I was busy. There's stock is 13 cents busy reading the message board
What you just have posted on Twitter reading what the message boards and what you just posted on Twitter
Oh god
How do we get rid of that? How do we delete that Twitter thing since the fake you don't you don't
There's nothing stopping anyone from pretending to be anyone on the internet
Okay, just for public consumption the Twitter and your largest thing is fake it's a scam. No kidding
Chances don't know if you've ever seen it and mixed martial arts, but very homo erotic
Mixed martial art. What what is mixed martial arts? A little bit of this a little bit of that. That's right
That's what the Irish do Irish martial arts mixed martial arts. I see
Or here's a guy who a bambi from a hospital bed. Well, feel better bambi whatever your story is
Maybe bambi's got some kind of a terminal illness. Well, let's pray not. Let's pray for bambi
She invented a drinking game. We'll get to it
Edden fort lauderdale says just the thought of this is painful man's penis injured in grinder accident
Oh, let's get one of those. Let's get that right on don't mind our grinder
An organ grinder well wow he had his organ in the grinder
That's why they call it an organ grinder baby. Apparently wow
So what do you think is there's some kind of a problem or these people just making it up
With that phone number
I am gonna wager that it works for some people and not for other
20 bucks eight bucks you'd wager what eight bucks
That it works for some people and not for others and why that is I don't know really
That's what I'm guessing that's just a guess. Well, what kind of a phone number is that?
That works for some and not for others. It sounds like discrimination to me sure
Bambi from a hospital bit says oh, this is the guy named bambi remember bambi yes
I devised a drinking game for your show so I could drink with my wife listeners have to drink whenever the following career
Neil plays geltty sound
George humors Neil Neil mentions Joe Bell or WQM management Neil reads the poll or Georgian pain attention
What great game Neil I played yesterday with my wife in the car just tell your listeners to be careful because we both ended up in a ditch
Had to be flown to Jackson
I'm typing this from the hospital bed. I'm okay. Just the people working bones on ones that matter are still in place if you know what I mean
It's just my wife that I'm worried about she's been in a coma and the doctor says there's a 10% chance of her waking up
And I worry I worry that she'll wake up knowing that bitch. She'll wake up just despite me
Just off to lock us and keep making my life a living hell
Bambi from a hospital bed. Oh so many people with so much time on their hands
I think bambi out of debate mr. Ego do you think it would be a match made in purgatory?
Oh, so I'll challenge you to a debate
Oh
How many times can you go back and try the same stale can try to crap?
Oh, that was one that special oh yeah, sweet
special
Rememick I'm close to
Describing if the douse down 36 points at least it's not taking a huge tumble yet
Sony 11 o'clock
You forgot congressman marcher republicans tapping their feet under the stall keep up the great work says it's somebody
You want to put republicans on here? Oh, well if you want me to sure republicans
Here's one that says I missed when you read the numbers yesterday
Don't expect you to read them again. I'd like to know if there's a website where they post the numbers
Yeah, there is but you can't get it because you're not in radio and you're not paying for them. That's why you can't get it
now
As opposed to asking me you know just generally how this one did or whatever is there a website
They all want something for nothing man. They all want I want this I want it
We spend a lot of time not only reading the numbers, but a lot of time trying to get a hold of them
An embarrassing episode yesterday on behalf of the management and
Clowns in the station so clearance must be there now when's the fleet gonna go and get that monthly. I'll go check during the break
man's penis injured and grinder accident
It says can you say organ grinder
Australia all figures austradia. They're all down under
A man whose penis met an ill fate with a grinder in Brisbane's north this afternoon has been rushed to hospital
It's understood the 23 year old was working in northgate when he was injured just after 2 p.m.
At a Department of Emergency Services spokeswoman could not identify the type of grinder that injured the man or detail
How he came in contact with the service
Although the extent of the injuries is not known paramedics who treated the man at the scene were able to stop the bleeding
He was transported to the rural Brisbane hospital
A man whose penis met an ill fate with a grinder
Is there any other kind of fate with your penis with a grinder? I doubt it. I don't know how come galgeldian on that pull across the street
You're gonna go take care of that too
Yeah walk across the street during the break and then find out about that
Monthly trend and go across the street and say how come gelty in on that pull you idiots
You asked clown
It's Friday you bastard
Oh
Canada a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers and now these legendary conucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring and Murray's version of this rush classic
And rushes take on this and Murray standards
The best of Canadian singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2 a
white Celine Dion's rendition of this Neil Young number
Young singing Celine Dion's biggest yet
But that's not all there's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams crash test dummies doing the lattice more as that
Snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon whitefoot performing this bear naked ladies smash hit
Pick up your copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians the great white north has never been so great or for that matter so white
Jimmy syphilis chimes in here now and I knew it wouldn't take long only I just checked the a 790 pull
Y'all hate to break the news to Jimmy but since I mentioned that pull he's gone from 51 and a half percent as the worst
Local sportscaster to 86.3 percent you Jimmy they hate you
How do you like that and it goes to show you if we could change the percentage by that much and obviously we had an impact
That shows you how few votes that were on there. Oh
Am I right you see what I'm saying I do
But nevertheless
Are you fixing me something again?
Yes, oh boy
Oh boy
Oh here we go
Wow
Well, we we uh we're heads and shoulders above everybody else
Look at those last two months baby December and January
Whereas close to being off the air as you possibly oh no wait. I'm looking at Waxi's number
I'm looking at the waxing oh no actually we did good in January we had a 4.3
Did you see that I'm looking at it now
I'll send a 4.3 share in January we kicked some and you know what that was with the emails not with any calls no calls
5 by calls
Except when you were on right no you weren't on then you were on in February
Whatever
What I said how's it going hey? I'm smelling you were on in February I didn't take any I believe you wasn't uh keeping track
I'm looking at the numbers. Okay, let's see how in January alone
6 a.m. To midnight. This is many team plus Waxi 2.1 QA 1.9 they edge this out. That's all a bastard
mornings
Joe rose 2.2
Sid 1.4 following a dismal 1.1 in December wow
ones ones oh holy cow Sid use suck
Mid days 10 to 3 and again keep in mind that's 10 to 3 we had a 4.3 we might have had around a 5 share in many team plus
Which means 20 50 we might to be doing okay
We might have a shot at a couple of bucks in this book
I don't want to get your hopes all up but I'll hold my breath 10 to 3
And 18 plus in January Waxi 1.9 we had a 4.3 10 to 3 that is 10 to 2 you can be damn sure we had like close to a 5
Wow nice going you oh, thank you about time we had a month in it
It is and that's because we got rid of those stupid. I'm your friend. I'm your friend get to keep that crap off the year
I don't want to play butch boss, but I don't want to hear that garbage on your Chris. I won't hear it anyway, right
3 to 7 p.m. Look at that lab bastard crushed us in the afternoon in January 4.9 we had a 1.3
Not what you told me a zero or something you're close though
49 to a 1.3 lab bastard is kicking our big ugly fat ass in the afternoon. He's all they got rest of the day they suck
Seven of midnight. They had a 1.5. We had a 1.0 oh my god that DA he's just
Well, don't blame him. You know we got a lot of garbage and we got that as soon as that
Dolphin crap comes on 7 o'clock most nights. That's the end. This is the end
What's all the sudden stuff?
The 2554 forward towards I just put the stacks in the facts wow
Overall for the week 2554 persons we know we can't break it down to men because it's just a trend
That's what those zeros show up. I just had the day part day. Waxi 1.5 QAM 1.4 in January. I'm just looking to January
Mornings
Waxi 1.3 QAM 1. Oh, whoa
So there's there's something for citizen to crawl about
Middays look at that looky looky here comes cookie. We had a big month baby
We had a 3.9 in persons that means we had about a 7.5 to a 7.8 in men in January and Waxi 1.3
1.3 Sidana with his big stupid mouth
How do you like that? I like it. I like it a lot
afternoon whoa
persons 2554 QAM a 0.7 and across the street 2.7
Wow
Seven of midnight Waxi 0.9 QAM 0.7
In other words, what's the point? Well, those are some pretty amazing numbers those January numbers and we kicked some big fat smelly ass
With no signal with no promotion with no assistance with no nothing
We still rise heads and shoulders above the sports mong just like Le Bastard rises heads and shoulders above their sports mong
Among across the street
Aren't you impressed medium?
Well no 2554 persons that's a 3.9
We know 7 something in men a 7
You can't see me rubbing my nipples you ought to be surprised me ought to be taking like a sledgehammer and chopping them off. Oh god
You ought to be wild. I'm gonna need them later
Oh here's another shot at George all this crap
But think all the emails are from different people not just to yeah just uh just uh if you want to take shots at George
Go seem at the roller rink don't bother me
Just long ponderous crap
Oh, yeah, here we go. Here we go more crap more anti-obama stuff
woman enversed by McNugget meltdown
Florida woman calls 9-11 three times after McDonald's runs out of McNuggets
Fort Pierce
She's been called McNut by TMZ.com and loco for poio by Perez Hilton.com
Now I have to be coming to an internet sensation for calling 9-11 three times to report an emergency after McDonald's
They run out of McNuggets a Fort Pierce woman said Wednesday she's embarrassed by all the media attention
I'm embarrassed to show my face in pubic La Trierse a Goodman told WPBF news
A day after her McNugget meltdown was first reported
Goodman 27 was issued a written notice to appear in court for misusing the 9-11 emergency
Communication system
According to the police report Goodman called 9-11 three times Saturday to report
A McDonald's in Floyd wasn't giving her a refund for the chicken McNuggets
She wanted
The manager just took my money won't give me my money back
I'm trying to make me get something off the menu that I don't want goodman said more than 9-11 calls
I ordered chicken McNuggets. They don't have chicken McNuggets
So I told her just give me my money back and she tells me I have to pick something else off the menu
She's not going to give me my money back and she doesn't have the right to take my money
Goodman told WPBF news 25 she didn't have a right to jump across the counter and snatch the money
So she chose to handle it another way
Inside edition was where was there when WPBF news 25 spoke to Goodman on Wednesday
She said all the media exposures resulted in several profanity-laced hateful messages on her personal cell phone good good
Crazy bitch
God it goes this goes on forever
I'm not going and just giving up my money like that
I'm going to go and ask them when they please check and see if they have what I wanted on the menu
And if they tell me yes, then I'll order she said and if not she'll make a big stink about it again
Oh, here's a really a great email. I hate the emails bring back the colors at least they were funny
At least you were funny then what happened get out of Canada come back to banana republic where we all love you
Yes, screw you
I don't take orders okay on the internet or any place else. I'm not taking the instruction
Do this do that don't do this. Don't do that. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye
Screw you and do it twice
We're doing just fine. We just saw those January numbers. I and down to clearance say great job guys
Did he say did he give you a big kiss on the buttocks clearance isn't here
Well, we'll give you these trends flea. He went and got a key and broke into his office
Flea went and got a key. I always like that flea
Let's have a sitting ovation for flea.
Nice going, baby.
He's all right.
He's got a pair.
He's got a testicle or two or three.
Now are you understanding how we did so well in January?
And the sports nerds just, oh, yeah, you're not
seeing the cartwheels.
I got it out.
I mean, we had what?
We had a one three in the afternoon, persons to, oh, no,
that's men.
Let's get back to that person's 2554.
That is startling.
That is staggering.
That's a feather in our crap.
Yelp.
Isn't it?
Yelp.
You don't seem pretty excited.
But the prospect, the prospect of maybe some bonus money.
Wait a minute.
Six to 10 a.m.
A one point is what we had.
Person's 2554.
Whoa, that would be about a two in men.
Just double it.
Two in men 2554.
That's weak.
We had a three nine.
That's about a seven point eight in men 2554.
That would qualify for numero uno.
Trust me when I tell you to put that life in their place.
Bastards at life.
They should only croak.
And the afternoon we had a 0.7.
Zero point seven.
What kind of a number starts with a bad one, I guess.
Bad, bad, bad one.
And January is not on here.
I guess clearance couldn't have scrapped
late at number that low.
The number I gave you for seven in midnight
was December.
The number at night was solo.
Mighty low, you know what I mean?
Feeling mighty low.
I wonder if peg like baits ever said that.
I got an email about peg like baits.
Which I'll get to eventually in time.
I feel like almost like there's a chance.
Like there's a shot.
Like there's a light.
Now if they ever get that new signal cranked up
and somebody can actually hear the station, then, then.
You're listening to Neil Von.
What?
Why the, you wasting?
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska governor, Sarah Pailan.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter
hovering 50 feet off the ground, I'm a 44-year-old wife, mother,
and future grandmother of an illegitimate child
conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser.
And I'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting,
you perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pianocostle perfume.
Gawana gala gala gala gala gala gala gala gala
fadal nada nada nada.
Named after the religious practice, I no longer
associate myself with due to its controversial nature.
Pianocostle perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue and gala gala gala manda.
Laga gala nada nada rada nada nada nada.
It's perfect for all occasions, whether you're hunting or running
or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
gosh darn it this is a fragrance for all you gals other perfumes just pale in comparison
I'm Sarah pale and I approve this fragrance
Sarah and Russian Paiyush baby they got it licks they're looking at
1131 a QAM I got the thing I'm printing out I
a
very sad
CT says must see movie
Neil just wondering whether or not you or George has seen the movie zeitgeist
how many months has that been on our website?
100 months on our website I've watched it three times
if not it absolutely is required viewing it describes in detail the corruption
or government and the first that is religion
not that you didn't know these things but the details and the facts of movie presents
are really mind boggling let me say it again it's been on our website for ages
also George are you going to catch watchmen this weekend?
yes
what's that?
a movie watchman what's it about?
watchman
watch superheroes and stuff
is it about Stan Major?
I don't know if you just want to know what kind of watch have you bought?
exactly that's what it is
anybody buy a good watch?
how about Milky Way dark you try that yet?
my bad
remember that one mr. ego left to go to wabc in york for five minutes?
that you didn't last too long did it?
nope
they've contrived controversy man is
phony is fake is a seventy-six dollar bill
god just tragic
well i hope Jimmy syphilis doesn't get like 90 some percent of the votes on that pull across the street
let me check it out
is that okay if i check it out?
do it
i mean go ahead and of course that's the point you can vote on like a thousand times so
just over and over and over again what kind of a pull is that?
oh Jimmy's only got 86.2 percent he dropped a tenth of a point
better get on it hop on it and Jimmy sends me a thing about oh well we did this and we did that
we're kicking ass and rushed at this yeah big deal big deal you suck
you're a broadcaster like my little minpin tiny was a broadcaster Jimmy
and you're play by play abortive and abortion
and abortion and of course the fact that it's on this station wow
i wonder if the new owner of the doffens is aware of the fact that they're play by play guys
universally reviled
and needs to be replaced immediately if not sooner when you say immediately if not sooner
sounds good TR says all this again is about that the giveaway i i don't want to do giveaways
with phone numbers that don't work for everybody i'm not doing that anymore don't ever ask me to
do that with that number again okay i'm just telling you i don't like it i don't like it
i don't TR says i had a continuous busy signal i tried maybe 30 times an automatic redog
i think what you have is maybe one or two working lines and rollover lines are not
operable this is what explain people calling getting a bad number of this is getting a steady busy
tone not that qam would ever have technical difficulties he says thanks for the entertainment
oh my god i didn't know the numbers came out i just heard that can i ask how you did week all
we just found out in january we had a big month we had a big trend in january i told you
did i tell you yep i could smell it mmm big oh i'm guessing always his number and cdid versus joe
as in joe kickers ass now let's see how did let's see many team plus six to ten a.m qam 22
city at 1.4 and in person's 2554 that's the only that was the only story
about a lovely lady let's see cd 1.3 joe 1.0 person's 2554 which means they both had about a two
something in men 2554 very very weak very weak for sports talk sports talk and we're talking two
what we're doing sevens on this show in the non sports today and labaster is just wiping the
walls with his ass my god you think that they're missing something here lady like what a sliver of a
slice of the audience i mean can you imagine if we actually had a signal that anybody could hear
we've been we've been doing like double digits again like the old days thanks to the fact i got
rid of those dumbass calls i'm your friend they were killing us they were destroying the show
and some people were sitting back and allowing it and participating in it and encouraging it
and relishing it and lapping it up and loving it
Teresa says i'm yesterday show you said a joke i don't think anyone caught this is this is very sad
you said 308 three votes on a pull our goal is 389 i don't think anyone caught it Neil but i was
laughing hard i see i tried to call that number for that free coup on was getting a message telling
me the number was disconnected yep if somebody as astute as Teresa was getting it then it's
certainly can't just be something people are making up she laughed very hard when i said our goal was
here you go Jimmy syphilis said i have the number two rated morning show in the market rush
as the number one show midday your time for eighth or ninth at i and z and Todd is number one
of the afternoon we're kicking tail yeah good that in 40 cents of buy you have a cup of coffee
at tim horton say you suck Jimmy let's face it how's that how's that wine business coming huh
how's that play by play business coming at 86% say you suck you're the worst not just that you
suck but you suck the most well worst who is the worst local radio play by playing out through
Jimmy syphilis 86.2% and that includes a lot of our people too because obviously that number
went skyrocketing up once i mentioned that pool skyrocketing yeah you guys across the street if
you really want to get a lot of response on your polls just let me read the poll every day and
i'll get you some votes speaking of a challenge shouldn't we challenge them to put the number of
votes on there as opposed to percentages percentages are for pansies i would either lie same thing
they don't give you the number of votes that's right and then they say oh well we had 48,000
votes yeah i sure you did and of course they got a poll you can vote as many times as you want i've
already voted five or six times for Jimmy what what kind of a laugh was that oh our our what kind
of a sure was that was a snortle a snortle yesterday when michael savages was reading the story about
the beheading in canada which was perpetrated by a Canadian named Vince Lee he was playing about
betz mister Lee in the background you couldn't come up with anything that creative and having in
decades it's just a matter of course for michael savages oh yeah he's a real creative guy couldn't
come up with anything that creative give me a break does not create it playing mr. Lee in the
background oh brother frank says 800 numbers disconnected well cherries is the contest line
number isn't working well john says 1 800 227 05 60 is not working well boy what a waste of paper
for all of that crap huh a humongous incredible waste well Teresa we got 540 votes on the
pool our goal is 541 ha ha ha whoa it says you might think the ratings would be available for
public consumption just like tv ratings oh well i'd appreciate if you read how 560 faired
against 790 specifically we already did that i'm not going to go through the whole thing again just
because you weren't listening that'll teach you to listen on the day when the ratings come out
that same clown oh Greg butel says your pool blows also he's got Obama written out one big ass mistake
America and please be where i'm the real Greg butel not really how do you like that
oh i know you read butel isn't right in colors okay
yeah in colors in red and blue and purple and pink i didn't know well i'm just i'm smelling
you right now the real Greg butel hey don't let me forget about that our horse racing thing
i won't cliff is the contestant today let me make sure the t r n is on there there it is
blue blinkers and the purple silks on the outside he was a horse that i know the purple
six on the outside in the maroon blinkers oh and well eventually put the horse to his inside
away and was cut down late by five demon bag who for 7500 to 10,000 going six pro longs not the
worst horse in the world i'm here he would be favorite here there's no question about it after
scratches and i'm hoping feel like felon can get around pwe's peak at the start and just
why this field oh my god well least the thing is working anyway okay it's more than you can do
there you ain't got no racing thing on you we got nothing well that's really sad because they do
have like on comcast they've got um or no i'm not on direct tv yeah they got a racing channel you
don't have direct you know that i'm going to do indirect tv indirect tv yeah you have direct tv but
there's Ken star is a crazy person he's now the dean of pepperedine universities law school
and an advocate for conservative causes we want to restore the traditional definition that has been
in place since this state was founded and almost every other Nazi crazy person Kenny star he says
oh a simple vote majority vote by the supreme court could undo the first amendment how do you like
that this is the kind of crazy person you're dealing with Kenny star all you write wingers man
i think y'all are going over there in debate mr. we go have a have a cookout with Richard
s and mergay and s and s and gay and me yada yada what do you think that sounds great
off to lock us baby oh no you're listening to neo-vogers it's quite a you best do
yeah what is he good for absolutely nothing uh-huh uh-huh more good yeah he is such a far he ain't never been
funny look out hope they showed you out the dog ship you do i've got to stand this is a me more
i despise because the way it took the terror side my will lie to the safest lipstick face he thinks it's
a sticker in a similar i said ma uh god y'all what is he good for absolutely nothing say it again
ma the oh lord he has done too far and absolute moron
hey man he is pathetic oh no he says all the things that you say neo i don't care he's pathetic
you see there's this concept this mentality out there that exists widely permeates society
and that is this that if somebody says stuff that you agree with that makes them great that makes
them wonderful and that's bill marz that his claim to fame oh well he knocks religion like you do
him about you know something he sucks he's a twerp his his addition is subtraction you know i'm saying
in other words the fact that he's part of the cause that's a negative not a positive
it's kind of like madeline oher i mean granted he had big kahonis and big boobies but um the fact
that she was the spokesman for the atheist movement in america uh-was it was really not a positive
thing because she was an offensive old bag she was real cut off though i heard or or or or or
the roman catholic church he was that she was fun she was fun roll the art she would roll her
ours on the roman catholic church she was great she had big kahons and she got a lot of good stuff
accomplished but she just i don't know you know i'm saying yep here's one from john ztr wow
who's busy playing himself lately have you or George seen the wrestler i know you hate miki but his
performance was great no i haven't seen it i'm not going to see it you seen it no i probably
well for free when it comes on cable for free yes well you know i pay for the cable not to mention
at one point marisa tome who plays the strippers practically new great movie also check out before
the devil knows you're dead where she uh-becomes completely new i i didn't i recommend that before
the devil knows you that discuss that we both saw it and uh liked it and what like it it yeah it was
great philips before the devil knows you that it was not as good as um oh what though was that
flick i just saw siblings oh oh i am such an old faggot man make no mistake about boy what's wrong
with that at least if you got good taste you know you can google whatever you like it if you like
it google away like that genius k j says sorry it took me a week to finally email my congrats on
your 33rd anniversary in this town? What an accomplishment. You're amongst the
small free of legendary characters who will always be part of our radio history
down here pretty much even Rick Shaw. Oh yeah, I'll always love suds. Rick not so
much. I'm of the Chicago era of Larry Lujak, Uncle Larry and Little Tommy and
John Records Landecker. I guess there's still alive too. KJ has a book of
Clark Weber's Rock and Roll Radio in 1955 to 1975. Mostly people have never heard
of including the aforementioned Clark Weber. A lot from WLS. I cannot say that
without hearing the jingle WLS in my head. Some people from five 60 W I
and D W C F L. Who the hell is Clark Weber a legendary DJ from Chicago. Love
you, honey, wishing you 33 more at least when you die, we all die. Accordingly
adoringly, Jeanne and KJ. And that's sweet. It is sweet. Adoringly. When you die,
we all die. Well, let me say this. I'm dying over here. Yeah. What's the
temperature up to by now? Paulie's probably on the edge of his seat.
Congratulations again, Paulie. I never thought I'd say that. 15 already. It's
supposed to be a high of 15 and the sun's going to come out this afternoon. They're
saying, although now it's murky, won't that be something almost 60? Almost 60.
overnight low though 34. That's not too toasty. And a high tomorrow like 43. Sunday
46. Monday 38. Oh geez. Once you get a day when it's like 60, you wanted to stay
that way, don't you? Right. And then just increase gradually, you know, and small
increments of the 62, 63, 60, you know, like that Theresa. Joe and Carl spring says, thanking
me, thanking you for laughing. Let me try it again. I'm having a little problem. What? Take
to. Well, I know why you don't read stuff because you're not a good reader. Right. What
you tell me that's what I said. So you don't read the emails. You don't read bedtime stories.
You just take those great calls. I'm your friend. Don't take any more. Take all the calls
you want, but don't talk to him. I don't. Don't talk to him. Don't let him on for a millisecond.
I don't. Good. Good job, George. I'm your friend. Joseph, thank you for making me laugh
out loud the other day. Pegleg Bates. I haven't heard that name in years. We're about the
same age. Oh, right. Joe. Old ancient. My old man used that name all the time. Look
at that guy. He's walking like pegleg Bates. Thanks again. No extra charge. You're welcome,
Joe. Pegleg Bates. He was a dark, complex guy in showbiz with a pegleg. Kind of figured
it right? Sure. Did he tell you what I read? He says, go ahead. Go ahead. Everybody's saying
that yesterday. I heard you mentioned Clark bars. This brought back memories as a kid going
to a pirate's game of three were stadium walking past the Clark bar factory. You could smell
the chocolate and peanut butter in the air. It was an orgasmic sensation. You know, I
had forgotten that there was peanut butter and Clark bars because ordinarily I don't like
peanut butter all that much. And especially in candy like Reese's peanut butter. Oh, fat.
That. But Clark bars, they must do something special with it. You know? Yeah. The way they
whip it all up and yank it together. Now the factory's been turned into a sports bar
between Heinsfield and PNC Park. I bought candy bars online at the Vermont Country Store.
They carry many other old candies as well. I belated happy anniversary. Do you have enjoyed
your show the past 22 years? Keep up the good work. Go ahead, Jeff and Boiton Beach. Go
ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Thanks. Clark bars. Well, I don't want to start getting involved
with that. I got to lose some weight. I'm getting a little. Good idea. Chunky. I mean,
561 votes on the pool. Now, let's see. Neil, I'm ashamed to admit that this is from
a sunny, but I tuned into George Sedanore yesterday. He was ripping Joseph Gackie all day. This
turned in him asking the callers who was the best and worst game broadcaster in town. He
read the article from the U.M. student newspaper, Joe is my cup of tea, but at least he gets
the players right. Jimmy is horrible. Just a bismill says sunny and winning their pool
hands down your pants by a mile. Nigel says I agree with that crazy bitch for calling 911
three times. What was she supposed to do? Those pigs were just ticked off because they
had to get off their fat asses and do something. Furthermore, those grave robbers at Mickey
D should be ashamed of themselves. They couldn't finish her off with their death-inducing
food so they stole her money instead. Come on, Nigel. Be nice. Al Vente says. If you don't
put you up in the next 10 minutes, I'm switching over to Rush. Now, he's a real man. Love
him kisses Al. Yeah. He's a real man. A real pill popping fat phony. Phony, Nazi. All he
needs is a paste on mustache and lose about 200 pounds. He'd be a perfect eight-off number
two. You see him sweating and screaming and carrying on and just like Hitler and there
are all the Republicans sitting around. Oh, yeah. And a boy, Roger. They're desperate
now. They got Paiusha, Paiusha, Jindal and they got Sarah and they got Crazy Rush. That's
what they got left. And of course, the whole crew over at IOD was kicking ass. All the right
wingers all the time. Doesn't that kind of like scare you a little bit? A little bit? In a market
that's supposed to be like a little bit to the left of a till of a hunt and evidently is not
maybe just all the Nazis get the diaries. Maybe they stole them. It happens.
564 votes on the pull-witch occupation, though Macho Macho was also a breeding ground for those
in the closet. In other words, gay. Lifeguards 131, firefighters 81, football player 75, boy,
they spent a lot of time nicking the shower together. Marines 60, cops 42, soldiers 41,
paramedics 38, sailors 36, late edition, but it's zoomed on up there. Republicans 30, also late
edition, what did I tell you? Allah, Larry Craig, a lot of toe tapers out there,
bouncers 19, they're tapin' it and the toes too. Karate Blackbelts 11 and personal trainers
to where did that come from. Oh, I got an email. Well, I guarantee it's an excellent choice.
This dick chained me. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening
to the Neil Rogers 12-Hour movie.
There's only one way to win the gold. Every swimmer must get stoned. Well,
the ston you win the four by 200 meter freestyle relay. The ston you win the 200 meter individual
met me. The ston you win the 100 meter butterfly. And the ston you win the four by 100 meter
medley relay. There's only one way to win eight goals. Every swimmer must get stoned.
Well, that's good news that I was only down 20 points. I think we're in the week on a real
uh, note, sour note. I mean, top noon at QAM. We got the big old coming up in a couple of hours.
I can't wait personally. Can you? Neither. That's right. Oh, man.
Now, maybe he was responsible for our big January. What do you think? Lighty? I don't think so.
I mean, I could be wrong, but that's a real, a real fly opener that three nine in person's 2554,
a seven point something in men. When's the last time we had a seven point anything in anything,
right? And under the Joe Bell regime, huh? Once upon a time way back in the early part of
because I remember him sending me email, all congratulations on the great book. New above me. I like that, you know,
till they decided, Oh, we can't let them do that. And until Fidel decided we can't let them hear
a five 60. Why couldn't he have put that on like a five 90 or something or like on seven 90 would have
been good. 13 cents serious. It's hanging right in there. Maybe it's a real buying opportunity that
I was down to least seven and a half point six point eighty five, making a recovery as we speak down seven point seventy two.
651,000 jobs lost in February. It's a real buying opportunity. Just ask Maria. She'll give you her diarrhea.
Haven't heard from Maria today with any excuses about the way everything is going to hell in a hand basket.
Mark and Miami says, I still listen to Mad Dog, but I have to turn off the radio when the big old comes on. Oh,
he is terminal. And I'm sure there are many people who change the radio at two o'clock to seven 90 leave it on for the
remainder of the afternoon. Personally, I can't listen to La Bastard. He has to gots impersonating Ed McMahon,
laughing at everything he says, even when it isn't remotely funny. I realize he doesn't always talk about sports,
but that doesn't make him a good radio personality or is show enjoyable. It says Mark and Miami. Well,
that's maybe true, Mark, but he's kicking some ass. He's kicking some big fat bloody ass.
That amazing. Yep.
Goes to show you. Well, we're slow to learn on this stage. We just, oh, in fact, where's that thing I just had here?
Oh, here it is. Mark and Kendall. You'll be just made to hear this.
Well, you won't be this way. You just don't care. Right. Good. That's a good attitude. We don't care.
Just, you know what we'd like to have a lot of wired diaries. Now that we're going to that PPM thing,
right? You can't wire the PPM. Sure you can. You can sit the meter in front of the radio on one
stage, not your favorite station and just leave it there all day. Just walk away. Even though you're not
even in the building. Right. But we could use some wired diaries. We could use a real big bogus. I mean,
a real big month, like in whatever's going on right now. March. Yeah. March has started now in the
train. Well, whatever it is. Get us some money on it. Get us some money. It'll be the last time
we ever get any money out of these grave robbers for ratings bonuses. Until, of course, they crank up
that signal. That's going to happen sometime this year. That's the rumor. The century. They're cranking
it up. They're getting a big power boost and they're going to crank it up. They're going to pee on the
tower. You just wait and see every day. They're going to send Gary Sarner out there to pee on the
tower since he ain't inside the building anymore. He'll always be part of QAM. It's in his blood.
In fact, I wouldn't mind seeing a whole bunch of his blood up and down the hallway before he finally
goes for the last time. Wouldn't that be great? Sure. There will be blood and it will be Gary Sarner's
little be kosher. You can guarantee you that. There won't be nothing. Trayff in his blood.
Mark and Kendall says I turned your station on last night around nine expecting to hear DA.
Even though his rating suck, he has a pretty good show. To my dismay, it was Kim Bo camper and some
sports writer conducting interview with a high school kid. Oh, Jesus. The speed at which I turn
off would rival the time it takes you to hit the door at woodbine. They need to change the station's
call sign to WQA seven. Now, can you explain that to me? What does that mean? No, I can't explain it to
you. WQA seven. A mistake? You think Mark made a typo on there? Maybe. What does that mean, Mark?
Is that how many listeners we're going to have left? Lots of Kim Bo camper, man. Lots of stuff that
people don't want to hear. Wouldn't Kimba wouldn't it be nice if he was not again? Wouldn't that be good?
They're obsessed with him just like when when Charlie Joe put his boyfriend, Kenny Walker on with
Kim Bo on that Kenny and blow morning show. Oh my god. Remember those days? Yep. I'll never forget.
Or not gay. The square table. I mean, that show was just that show gives the word blows new meaning.
I mean, just it's just blue. Even cat blue. I'd never seen nothing like that. Rick says,
planning a trip to Toronto this fall. I'm wondering what your opinion is on visiting the hockey hall of
fame. Well, if you got little kids, little kids, not teenagers, but like little kids, they might
enjoy it. I've been there once. Disappointing. That's and I'm a huge hockey fan, make no mistake
about that, but it was disappointing to me. It was like for kids, you know, George will be going
there. Oh yeah. Go to the sea and tower and jump. That's going to be a great place to jump from.
You betcha. I'm a little nervous even about I've never been to it. And I'm nervous about
taking that elevator that goes all the way to the top, you know, or close to the top. And at night
time, they light it up all these different colors like fluorescent, you know, it's really neat.
And you can see that elevator going up on the side of the tower and it's like a bug like a
jaguette, a kukaracha. And kids, my drift. Are you drifted? The fake Tom Jika has a long, long
email here sent yesterday afternoon right toward the end of the show. He says, I watched the first
Jimmy Fallon show on Monday night, not good. I'm kind of rooting for the guy to succeed, but
truth be told, I never found him to be exceedingly funny on SNL. I don't think he's going to have
the likeability factor to win over large audiences in late night TV. Says Tommy, fake Tommy.
I found the first show to be pretty painful for the entire hour. I won't judge him on the first
show though because I remember what Dan's first show sounded like. And that was truly painful,
really, really painful. Dan, who? I don't know. Dan? Dan, Dan the monkey man. I don't know.
Fallon's opening monologue was okay at best. The slow jam, the news, I thought was extremely
painful. It was probably a funny idea on paper, but it didn't seem to come across that funny.
And why is the roots the house band? Aren't they a little better than to be the house band on
a late late show? The roots. Are they akin to the grassroots? No, no relation. Oh, who's the roots?
Abandoned. You know? Yeah. Oh, personally, you know, I thought the show got really painful
after that little time. He says the Robert De Niro appearance was embarrassing. He didn't want to be
there. He was obviously doing a favor to someone at NBC by green to do it. He obviously wanted to
promote his Tribeca film festival, but he didn't even do that well. The skit with Fallon and
De Niro was just dreadful. Then Justin Tinkerbell came out and tried his best to save the show. But by
that time, I think it was already over. Tinkerbell is funny and talented. Oh, I'm thinking a Tinkerbell
show would be way more entertained than a Jimmy Fallon show. And why exactly was Van Morrison there?
That made as much sense as us doing sports flashes every half hour. Now, I want to read that to you
again. That last sentence. Okay. That made as much sense as us doing sports flashes every half hour.
We have sports flashes. You're not following it. This is the fake Tom Jekker saying that made as much
sense as us doing sports flashes every half hour. Yeah. I didn't get the first time. I'm sorry. Give away.
Sorry. Yeah. Give away. Cross the street. I hope the show gets better, meaning Jimmy Fallon. I'm
not a huge late night TV fan, but I have sent the T-Vote record a few more episodes of Jimmy Fallon.
I'm excited to see him with Tina Fagan when she comes on. By the time you read this blog,
they probably already will have been on this blog. This is a blog. I don't want to sound old here,
but late night TV was at its best with Johnny Carson. Well, guess what? Not even close. That dude could
do a late night talk show like no other. Wrong. Steve Allen, Jack Parr, they were the kings of late night
TV. Johnny Carson was weak. He was like the rascal house of late night TV.
Yeah. I find it sad. He never agreed to allow his old shows to be rebroadcast and syndication
or released on DVD. An entire audience of young people will never know the pleasure of watching
Johnny Carson before bed. Thank God. Here's Johnny. I feel like I can safely say Jimmy Fallon will never
be the Carson Letterman League, but it wasn't as bad as the Chevy T-Show or the Magic Johnson Show.
Anyone remember a thick of the night with Alan Thick? That was supposed to be the next big thing
when I was a kid. It says, Sign the Fake Time Jikker. That made as much sense as us doing sports
flashes every half hour. Us, us, us. Got it? Got it. That sounds like a simple typewriter to me,
little Tommy. Yeah. Yeah. Not good. Some of these fake people, the Dow is up eight and a half
points. All right, man. It's going to be a great Friday. You'll see.
Here's one from Rebecca. Are you going to do it another appearance in Miami? I didn't do an
appearance in Miami. I did one in Halendil. We moved to North Carolina like all your other
listeners in George. I'm looking for an excuse to come to Miami. I missed the Cuban food.
Says Rebecca. Yeah. I'll be around. Cliff and Kendall says the bus to Taco Hill.
Oh, this is that story about the beheading guy. Do we really care about that?
I'm not sure. I'm confused. It's stabbing beheading and cannibalizing another man.
A Canadian judge ruled yesterday the man accused of beheading and cannibalizing a fellow
ground bus passenger is not criminally responsible due to mental illness and an addiction to Taco Bell.
Oh, yeah. I want to chop somebody's head off right now and I haven't been to Taco Bell in months.
Lee killed a 22 year old carnival worker was never in question at the trial. Lee is admitted he
killed McClean but pleaded not guilty. Witnesses said Lee attacked McClean unprovoked
as their bus traveled at night along a desolate stretch of the trans-Canadian highway.
And a greed statement of facts between the prosecution and defense detailed how
passengers stood outside the bus as Lee stabbed McClean dozens of times and beheaded and mutilated
his body. Finding himself locked inside the bus he finally escaped your window was arrested.
Leave that apologized and pleaded with police to kill him. Police said McClean's body parts were
found throughout the bus and plastic bags and the victims ear and nose and tongue were found in
Lee's pocket along with the Taco Bell Chalupa and three packs of hot sauce and three.
Three packs of hot sauce. Don't choke. The Chinese immigrant complained that he ate all McClean
he could but he was still hungry an hour later. All right. Funny. Taco Bell would not return
repeated requests for a comment. Cliff and Kendall sent that. Yeah, we had the
hundred of those. It's old news. You got to really do something nasty here to be a criminal
in Canada. That's just behead some guy and chew them up like that. Crazy Chinese man.
Oh, Neil! You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Neil God.
I'm a man.
Tight little island full of gay romance. They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundance after bottom every day. Blessed with the miracle of being gay. The very best of
packets in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way. The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Just a feeling. Join the big wish to Chesterfield Queen. You choice of the fags of America.
Club 17 at 560 WQM. So I guess yesterday we never did decide who had the manly or penis
Don or Phil Everly. We never got any input on that. No, no, no one responded. No.
Kevin says, sorry, we're late with this. I've been listening from somewhere in the 1979
80 time frame. He's still on me hours of sleep lost when you and Bill Carter used to do cross-overs
at midnight and sometimes lasted until three or four in the morning. After callers,
see what the field George says Kevin. Okay. Well, here you go. Thanks Kevin. Sounds like a
guy to say we were having fun. That's why he used to stay on until two, three sometimes four in the
morning with Carter. We just laugh our asses off for free. You know, wow. It was a work of love.
The labor of love. The labor of love. Another shot at love.
Mark and Candlest is I heard you see this is the guy that gave us the WQA 7.
Here's the explanation which is going to leave you lame and limp. Okay.
I heard you say the other day WQM stood for a quid at midnight WQA 7. Get it?
We quit at seven. How about we quit a long time ago? Okay, thanks Mark. Good luck to you.
We quit at seven. That's that's a shot. That's a real shot at Kimba Volkamp,
or Ann. Well deserved by the way too. That Kimba and Blow Morning Show.
People have been executed for lesser crimes than that. That was up 16 point. It's just kind of
hovering before the big blow. Neil at neorodges.com. That's our email address. Kind of slowed down now.
I would have felt we got in a tremendous response after especially after those monthlys. My god.
Let me see those again. I want to honestly for real.
For real. Is real. I want to see the in my in somebody's a pretty and that's clear.
It's numbers. See how it makes numbers like a child. Like a like a baby.
Many teen plus in January QAM 4.3. Waxi 1.9. God they suck. They blow.
Except in the afternoon they stop blowing. I say not amazing. That love a turd man. He's just
out of control. And let's see. Person's 2554. In the morning we got a 1.0. In the afternoon we got
0.7. 0.7. And we got a 3.9. How do you like that? I like it. And when you were scrappling a man,
especially when you make it 10 to that's 10 to 3. That's 10 to 3 baby 3.9 7.8. That means we got
an 8 something in man 2554 8 8 8. We got 8. And sometimes getting 8 and all that bad. Depends
on who's doing the 8. And nevertheless got some very sad news, especially for our sales department.
A private connected based broadcasting school with campuses more than a dozen states abruptly shut
down this week and said yesterday they'll seek bankruptcy protection. Oh my God.
The Connecticut School of Broadcasting blame its financial woes on a tightening of the
private student loan market tuition for 16 week courses as much as 12 grand. The school has several
Florida locations including one at 3901 Coconut Palm Drive in Tampa. I'm extremely disappointed
that after 44 years of operation, CSB will not be able to fulfill its mission of providing
quality education to students interested in working in the broadcast industry. School President
David Banner said I'm also disappointed that the actions of our lender precipitated the
sudden disruption into lives and careers of our students and employees. The school's got 26
locations in 16 states. The school said it was surprised that its lender Pittsburgh based PNC
financial seized control of the school's accounts and then froze them as it was attempting to find
other ways to fund the business. I guess you won't be hearing any more of those spots for the
squeaky voice broadcasters. Oh well. In a statement, the school said it would promptly seek protection
under applicable insolvency laws. In other words, were off-sourced or maybe off-sulophous?
PNC spokesman Fred Solomon speaking of off-sulophous said the company does not discuss its
customers their accounts because of bank confidentiality rules. PNC recently acquired Cleveland's
troubled national city court and last week slashed its quarterly dividend by 85 percent.
Its stock was down more than 12 percent Thursday trading under its 52-week low of $20.33.
At the school's Farmington locations students say they found out by text message Wednesday night
while others showed up for class and found the doors locked. How do you like that? You go to class
and the doors are locked. Have we like showing up at work and the doors are locked?
Wow. Tracy Miller, a January graduate, said she was upset about losing the lifetime job
placement help and studio privileges that the school agreed to in a contract she signed.
She also was angry because radio demos she recorded for potential employers
were on computers inside the locked school. I just want some answers. I'm in the dark right now
said Miller 22 of Plainville. Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said yesterday his
office was looking into the closure including whether school officials kept taking money from students
when they knew it would be shut down. Well that's a good scam, huh? I'm not saying they did it but
wouldn't that be a great scam? It would be. The office will seek tuition refunds for students if
finds any violations of law. Blumenthal said the State Department of Higher Education was also
seeking refunds and options for students to complete their studies. The school was founded in
Farmington in 1964 by a Hartford broadcaster Dick Robinson. Remember him? Yep. Robinson and his
family will reopen the broadcast school under a different name at that location. Oh they want to
reopen well maybe and maybe not. They want to reopen it under a different name. Family said in
the letter posted that the school they plan to apply for a state license to teach media and
communications. It'll be contacting students to help them complete their studies at no additional
cost. I don't know why because the business is over with anyway. There ain't no more broadcast
business. It's done. It's finished except for us in January. Boy we got a kiss. We finally got a
big kiss. That's what we needed. A kiss as in Kushner and Tuckers Jimmy Cifalus.
I'm just pumped about that. I'm pleased this punch. We finally got the moment. I'll say we
do work for this regime and you need all the breaks you can get. That old expression break a leg.
Oh never were true words spoken and working for this crowd. Oh you don't know what you're talking
about Neil. We're really promoting and yeah we're really out there go getting. That was up six
points just a little under six but who's who's counting right one two I think they ought to have
a special month on the gambling channel on CNBC and make all those people including the ones
who no longer work there like Ted David all them come on and apologize and they could do a
telephone and try to raise the money to pay back all these poor suckers out there who got stuck
under their hype hype not investment advice hype oh it's a buying opportunity
yeah buy this 1225 a QM we have another great restaurant deal coming up next week on
hello
the audience is offended by Jimmy Cipyllis's performance on those
but is that in where he says apricot or who says apricot somebody
oh oh oh oh right
run away bride this apricot strawberry blueberry apricot no no no no no
I'm wrong
apricot hey how the hell are you apricot what is it nothing and it's definitely not
in that bit I don't know why I keep thinking it is but I'm thinking it's Jack
Nicholson saying apricot but it's not oh the beast followed up with the qa7 he
figured that out wqa7 yeah very sad but he's out there listening he's with us
the beast he's with us whether we like it or not he's with us he's there always
there he's like part of the like what's his name part of the woodwork
jury sarner he may not be in the building in body but in spirit he's still in
there he's ingrained in the walls just like the water Nazi there is no water
Nazi yeah what a bitch he was I tell you one thing you know when you look at the
two management regimes we've had in the time we've been a QA
Greg Reed was the right he surrounded himself with the biggest bunch of
time young girls I have ever seen and Joe Bell is same only a just a different
bunch yeah not entirely different he's still got ripy of course
scuayan water Nazi yeah Maddie Bell Sam Sam oh and then of course there was always
anybody who ever wore jockstrad man they they love him OJ they're probably still
in mourning that OJ's on the inside now aren't you relieved that we don't hear
about OJ no more oh good yeah I bet he's having a really swell time and they
inside there for a long long time forever maybe he'll croak inside there and of
course all this rehab crap about Michael Jackson I mean these people in the
media have such short memories you know like anybody believes the outcome of
that trial right is there anybody with an I would have intelligence no Ricky says
I hate changing the station but mad dogs views on anything other in sports what
have you think he's on 610 right he's a little to the right of Hitler that's
true the bastards entertaining but John Stucott's winner is just that a winner
said better get on the horn or to I'm a sir Howard's you they can throw him a
bone love the show yes it's a failing badly somewhere I had an email that he
allegedly sent back and forth with very jackass you know and we're not one of
those fake deals came in yesterday afternoon and it was basically a very as
asking how did the numbers come out and he said what numbers oh you mean the
trends well I leave that for Neil Neil all Neil has to talk about his
numbers I have the talent you know who says that who somebody with no numbers
somebody with no numbers says all what ratings don't mean anything those are
the people have no ratings trying to rationalize the fact that they also have
no talent no audience that they are reviled and despised by the overwhelming
majority of the subhuman race like Jimmy syphilis and Sid the kid and Mr.
Ego oh I challenge you to a debate I mean that's gonna be the most pathetic yeah
it's it's almost enough to make me want to sit down and cry almost almost
oh my god says tell George they do say apricot and jack in the box said by
jack Knifles and Jordan well let me listen to it all right does he call
the guy an apricot hey how the hell are you welcome the jack in the box I'm jack
cannot be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean like a jack burger
and a large fries sorry pal we're cleaning the grease fire we don't have any
french fries today okay they're just gonna be a small order of fries please love
chief maybe you didn't hear me and I said we don't have any
fries today so how about something else okay then just give me an order of fries
listen up pal I hope with the straw and straw berry did you do that's right nature
dead who put the apricot nature that's right nature dead now listen careful there you go
I mean I could play the rest of the one I don't want it's not in there who put the
apricot see I know it what a memory huh what a mind a mind like a steel truck
crap very jack asses how are Davis is happy with the trends especially the afternoon
drive numbers well that's all he's got is afternoon drive numbers George
did out of the well in midday no he did not he did not do well in midday a
two two is something you wear not a number he's very happy with dance two
guts in the crew well that's great fake berry hope you guys have a great
three way or six way whatever whatever you're doing it very you can find it I don't
think Barry's got the goods you know I mean they don't think he's got the junk
that was down 40 he's very happy with the numbers oh doesn't say nothing about
sit the kid on there said and then they just re up his deal or some crap like
that wow wouldn't that be bad to re up somebody who's got like one shares a one
not let's see let's see how he said I don't actually did since they're always
touting his horn what are the young ones young what when is he on he's on I don't
know 90 no I don't know 1.9 they had in midday and he's happy with that number
10 to 3 1.9 in men and what about person's 2554 what kind of a number they
have in there is that where they had the two two I don't know let me look no
in they had a 1.3 in January in person's 2554 and he's happy with the trend
well that's up from a 0.3 a 2.9 and a 0.9 so every other month he does better
than a 0 something who are you people kidding talk about rationalizing talking
about trying to make chop liver out of chicken droppings talking about trying
to make goodness out of cow livers Jesus got all mighty howard Davis my ass
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
me
uh
oh
oh
oh
Can't do much better now you won't hear that on me or his and I'm sure to do that unless they lift it right
You might you might actually hear. Yeah, bad
1245 at 560 WQ I am
Frank says about rush
He was arguing about bailing out the homeowners going into foreclosure
His argument was that the homeowners were not swindled and that they knew that in five years
They wouldn't be able to afford and they should accept their foreclosure and that's it
It's all their fault no fault of the banks and brokers
What he fails to mention is he always does when he spins things is that these homeowners were promised a no lose deal
They were promised in the event that the arm comes due they would have two options
They could refinance at a lower rate or worse could just sell their house
Of course thrown into the sell the house pitches that house prices are tripling and a five years your house
Will triple and price and you'll make a huge profit because everybody knows house prices never decline to the always increasing demand
They always and they always reduce the supply
Fact is no one mentioned the fact that the increase in housing prices was significantly higher than the increase of the wages of the home buyers
Demand the government can throughout the increasing average wage
But they don't mention that if one guy gets a billion dollar raise and 50 others get nothing
It's still looks like a growing economy in short Russia's full of Schmidt a man to that Frank Russia's full of Schmidt
you
But he's big they had a big book over there on the street up the road and down a hill in the cross to grandma's house
And would you me syphilitic?
Deer Neil just got a oh my god just got to the office to tell you who also is macho but they're gay
UPS drivers they look manly, but they're a homos
They're a homos
Love Larry
PS when you're here
I would be delighted to take you to dinner at the council. Look at the hard rock
Sounds like a you fair proposition to me, doesn't it?
Sure, he's talking about homos
Larry you fair rhymes
No, I know thanks thanks Larry, but no thanks. I don't go to dinner with strangers. Do you?
No, I don't depend on what they look like I reckon now that's true. I'm sure that Larry don't look like somebody I would want to go to dinner with
I know what a lunch dinner breakfast late night snacks with strangers
We just anonymous people out there
Here's one. It's as I saw a new infomercial with that annoying guy from the Shamwao infomercials
And this one he's selling the slap chop
The what it's got a link forward to about 36 seconds. You'll see that he thinks highly of his nuts
Well, that's good. I'm glad he likes his nuts. I don't he's ugliest sin. He's bizarre. I don't think he's of the human species
627 votes to reset our goal is 628
There's that vault-headed jerk Tony Harris. He tuned for more smart talk
Well, they got some real classy anchors on their rookie tiki Sanchez and
Tony Harris and yada yada. Oh, yeah, there's that thing with Chris Brown and Brianna. Do you care about that? I'm really gonna kill you. No
I think that if that's what just like I can teed a turner
I have little or no sympathy for women who stay in bad relationships where they're abused and beaten and battered
I just oh, I'm in love another shot in love well
To get what you deserve you know, I mean if you if you don't learn the first time that you get beaten and battered to a pulp right?
yelp
I'm in love. I love him. Yeah, right
Maybe they want another shot at love
627 votes which occupation or trade though Mucho macho is also a breeding ground for those in the closet
Lifeguards 135 firefighters 85 football players 77
Oh, there's that what's that lawyer's name mark?
Erragosa's net is name offensive. He's Chris Brown's attorney. Oh boy
Words and actions and headlock and punches. Yeah, actually pretty good looking guy that Chris Brown to be honest with him
Well, he is getting smacked around for what? We'll let him smack you around a little. No, I will not no
No, I will not what if he's really not good. He's not that nice before and after you know, maybe Alex Campbell
What if he's really good?
Slap me around a little bit really I love him slap it
football player 77 Republican 66 that zooming up the list late edition thanks to yours truly
Marine 61 cops 43 soldiers 42 sailors 39
Paramedics 39
Bouncer's 20
Personal trainer 12 karate black belts 11
Bouncer's
What's that all about? I don't know. Do you know any gay bouncers? Oh, no any bouncers at the moment
Well the gay bouncing going on I know that
Yeah, like that
Absolutely Craig says nice on my toes. Let's see your hose
Well, it's a good thing we got that horse racing thing coming up next hour from gallstream
Cliff is our contestant
You let's see. Let's see what's going on there. I got to get off of this damn Chris Brown and Rianna
I don't
Oh, it's the second race attempt of eight downs just in time and
They're off. Oh, what timing away and running real place breaks for the eight there goes angelic
Quarrius moves up towards the rail Serena's mom on the outside, you know when you go to some of the they actually have
chat rooms where they discuss race collars, you know at various racetracks
Yeah, and when you read the opinions of some of these bozos how about you know opinions are like ass clowns everybody's got one
But when you read some of the crap, it just it's just shocking the
Negatory attitudes they have toward really you know talented people
Now this guy gets a lot of criticism
On the outside here comes the favorite Serena's mama moving up now to a little melodramatic for most
Or is down a lot hysterical
Third as they turn into the stretch Serena's mama on the outside now
Momma save the drama for Serena's mama is racing it on
From far back days the tip. Oh now coming on in deep stretch angelic course battling back Serena's mom on the outside and
Toward the rail winds wildfire Serena's mama will score. Oh, that was that was her he was called wrong horse
Angelic Quarrius is third and dance to the tempo finishes for it. Wow
The sun is coming out now the sun is breaking loose. Oh my god if only castor over could be here to see it
This is the one great day of the year so far
The temperature is 14 I thought it was 15 before
Then what happened well it's hovering I
That's gonna be 15 sun is out there. I think it would be I wouldn't be surprised if it gets up to 100 degrees today
Wow
This is the kind of this is the kind of day you know to go where would bind
Good thought
Something to think about you could go for walk
Go for walk where around the block burn some of that fat
I do a lot of walking in wood by mr. Let me tell you right now good
Now I noticed a steve stone did not send me the um
Pages for the first race of Gulf Stream. I'm not gonna get suckered into that again
We then it's not part of our promotion. I'm not gonna start handy crapping two races
They I got enough pressure with one you know
with one race
And for cliff he's got a $50 win bet on the six horse burning blaze in the second race with
Who's riding a bar koa who used to be i bar koa and now he's a bar koa
You ever see a bar?
No
You see a bar good one jump right in
So I'm gonna leave that on there. I don't know what I'm gonna do
Because we sure ain't got no more emails. I'll tell you that
Well, I got one here from Gregory Belmore about radio
Oh
It goes on forever. We'll take us up till midnight if I read it
But even I don't have the
The balls to do that 22 minutes till the first race of Gulf Stream
And our race is it by 144
Getting excited a little bit
Little no not much not like when you're out there though. Oh god and actually betting on it. No then you're involved
God Georgia winner last last we got him the double for $9.60 cents $5 double
I'll see 960
1920 and 480
24 bucks you got and you bet 21 so you made three dollars. I was all excited about it
Well, there you go and you got the 40 bucks from surely too. That's right
And next time Georgia's out there. Let's have a whole bunch of people bring them 40 bucks big back 20 bucks or 10 bucks just some big bags
That would be great
I know if I did it in appearance somewhere and somebody who came by and brought me a 40 dollar
Something I'd be pretty happy about it. I was
That's surely for you. I still don't understand what that was all about
I guess you made it bet for you the previous time and she never got the cash right
Said it that's that's the story and she's sticking to it
I'm gonna go out and get some apricot seeds
Who put the eighth in apricot
Do you know anybody who says apricot? No, I don't I don't even just jack Nicholson and boy that movie sure sucked the shining
Red rum red rum red rum
I'm looking for something. What are you looking for something from the shine red
I don't think I have anything looking for what no I have shining star by the manhattans, but that's it
What were you looking for like the theme music or something from it? But I don't
From what the shining all from the shining
There's a theme song from the shining. Oh, they got some music or something on it
I'm thinking about dining not the shining
Dining and dancing. I'm wondering about lunch. That's right. Joey Carse. He did it alive. Joey Car ladies and gentlemen
Everybody wants to know those horrible spots dining and dancing and
Wow, what a schmendrick he was
I said it was maybe you still around Joey Car dead or alive
Neil Rogers well here with the water to do our
Are you angry that they got up take my favorite peanut blood up?
They said it could hurt my belly
Now my teamy jay has nothing but the jelly boy. They really try to scare you
And renew it from the area
It is really
That they didn't band this on a peanut product
They took away my peanut butter my favorite brand unlike the one of all
Because they said we should be where this whole thing really isn't fair
Wait a minute. I found another
Carifies my friends
How about some vanilla salmonella sounds good to me sounds delicious
No sound delicious. It's all my vanilla
F 101 at 560 WQ I am golfing first race coming up from 15 minutes
Are we going to pay any attention to that or what will kill some time right because the emails have stopped and nobody knows anything about Joey Car
Hmm of South Florida TV fame. I mean nobody has anything to say good bad dead in different
I was his brother's name Steve Feldman or something Steve
Race TV huh race
You sure don't know your South Florida TV history. Oh, you know is Wayne Chandler and we you don't even know Wayne Chandler
Oh, yeah, you do wait for us to say I don't know yeah
And skip the people important people and the guy that did the the um midnight movies or whatever that was
The creature features empty graves
Yeah, I remember him I remember big Wilson they've dicks and dead dicks of all of the Wilson
Big Wilson fat and dead
They've game fat and still alive I think
Nobody knows from Joey Car I even googled it go Joey Car Miami TV whatever nothing he just vanished
Maybe too much dining and dancing maybe boy he was
He was unbelievable
Jay and Miami says 12 grand for 16 weeks only to graduate and become a board off making 20 grand or less
Is that where flea got his degree? No, it is not where flea got his degree
Well, what is this about a degree you get a degree in broadcasting? Yeah, the third degree
Yeah, that's right. That's what this guy's given us the third degree Jay
Making fun of the Connecticut School of Broadcasting all the money they spend on this station
All the squeaky voice kids. Oh, we're gonna make you a broadcaster and a lot of cases it worked
Jimmy Torsky is getting really a pseudonym intellectual on us here today. Wow
Holy cow, he's got a long good thing he does
Because his is the only one right now
All of our radio people they've abandoned us altogether today
They're disappointed that we're not gonna have the great debate you know the contrabid
Have you ever heard anything so never never sad I'm challenging
You would wait grasping for what I mean
What's the point for attention pay attention to us talk to oh my god? Although you're doing a good job reading all their emails
Whose theirs? Well who cares?
Who cares?
It kills some time and look at the great trend we had in January and you
You come on the other day and say that the format blows you hated it. It's a torture. All right
That's what you said that's yeah, I said it was said you missed those great calls. I'm your friend you missed that
Hi, Ron
And I miss Gilbertsky says although I believe the predatory lenders played a major role in our current economic situation
Situations I'm also sick of homeowners getting zero blame
We're such a nation of victims aren't we my best friend who never held the same job for more than a year
Made the decision to buy a house for over 400 grand now. He's completely screwed as he learned from his mistakes
Of course not while having no current job in a baby to now support he recently called me for advice and buying a giant TV
I think personal responsibilities dead in this country and unless we start taking some all the stimulus and bailouts in the world won't save
The sinking ship boy Jimmy is so depressing, you know
He's really uplifting guy
By the way, stay far away from the console look at the hard rock great stakes, but awful overpriced sides
And I had to pull over on a way to get home so my wife could throw up I threw up not long after
If you insist on eating at the casino tried the food court deli the giant turkey club is unethane believable
Yeah, I have tried the food court deli
I like their hot food Sunday mmm
Not the deli thing
Whatever the joint ice cream joint the food court get and closing next time reanna gets
Punchy deserves it to quote Bill Mar women came complain about men when they start showing better taste in them
Well, that's a good line Bill Mar came up with that. How do you like that? The tour people is nobody else
Women came complain about men when they start showing better taste in them have a great weekend. Well you too Jimmy D
Bye-bye Jimmy D. Bye-bye Jimmy D
I bet you there's still nothing on there about Joey Carr
And Steve Solomon or whatever his brother's name was
Reason his brother's name was a real Jewish name is because his brother didn't change his name like Joey Carr
Like Robinowitz or whatever his real name was nothing
Zip but he do does it. I think it's because it's the erasing hour
Do you mention the jockey changed the hubby at Castellano?
Julian Lepp Rue under the weather not riding today
So uh, this is a son of Gone West and what about your horse in here?
Rollie who you like the raising tors was that it was that's correct
I like the way Jimmy Toners prepared this horse to start spring. Aren't you excited about Defoe showing up on 9.40 in the morning? Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow
Yeah, you must be able to see my nipples
Here's one about Sid the Iid but nothing about Joey Carr
Different you well, I'll print it out
Nine minutes till post-art for the first race at the Gulf Stream
What's that the handicap is named Ron Nicoletti? That's one of the guys that we just done there
With the real New York. He sounds speaking of Sid
On the track for race one with exacta trifecta superfecta next one. Why does he say one? I don't know why he says it
Oh, this is from Hawk Mark the fake Hawk Mark
I have been told exact words to my face ratings don't matter because I'm the most pound-toward person in this market
The fact is the promotions here at 790 are completely focused on the Dan La Bastard show and to a lesser degree Sid show
So if he's losing in the ratings, then it's all his fault
For example, we cross promote Sid show on the La Bastard show three times while the others get one mentioned if they're lucky
The reason is simply that he's stoo gots his close personal friend
Everybody thinks that Sid has a potentially bigger audience and management here is gonna die trying to prove themselves right
They've moved two producers from the other shows including my former assistant producer to give him a boost and boost his ego
The others including Sadhana are we sent this fact and hates it like poison as a result of this
How do you like that? There's the inside from the fake Hawk Mark
Do we care about this? No, no
In other words, they got some real internal tourists going on over there. Okay. They got there were one no Charlie
They got the love a turd and that's it. That's what they got like a pentonia over and over again. That's all they got
Is levatord
And stoo gots Steve Cohen
Steve Cohen thank you and his brother Marty Marty Cohen
Steve Cohen and Joey Carr
Car Cohen you know same difference. Thank you Steve slug
Steve stolen gave us that info, huh? Yep. Now, this you know if Joey Carr is still alive
Because the audience doesn't have any information or any interest in that whatsoever, which I find shocking
Here's one from Gabriel
How I discovered the near Rogers show
In
2008 my father introduced me to both your show and Rush Limbaugh
Rushes and insane fascist. I was instantly turned off by his ramblings and his skewed view on politics
Your show was the most entertaining I've ever heard
He told me to stir how you helped him learn English by listening to your show during his long drives downtown every morning
Thank you for your service to Miami radio market and continue doing what you do best entertaining happy turdy turret
Well, thanks Gabriel
And here's a poll suggestion what moment would you like at least like to witness
Neil and Joey Jonas going at it. I'd like to witness that
Watch someone spooning with merve
Fleet taking Georgia's job watching that he is sully man having another kid Rush Limbaugh running for president and winning and I'm lifeless
What I'm a lifeless shot like John ZTN other fake shot at least would write in my day. What does that mean? Shut in them. Oh shut in
Oh
Okay, well, thanks a lot for the first part the show is dead need a little bit work. What?
Joey's dead Joey car is dead
Rasta pulses my awesome tax lady surely showed me this if you put the IRS together make one word out of it. It spills theirs
How do you like that is my money becomes theirs the IRS son of a bitch says rasta Paul. Yeah son of a bitch
The fake time jikas is what is WQ I'm gonna do about the two to four hour
Did you say they're bringing mo back no I did not say they're bringing anybody back? I have no idea mo
Have no idea well you talk about running out of material just pathetic
pathetic
Fake Tommy jica we it would be like us running uh, remember that slip slip in that last email
He's trying to cover it up now like a dog running a hundred yards away from his pile and kicking up the dirt behind him
Worst thing is when dogs do that in the house and they're kicking up the carpeting
a lot tiny so hate calls to say yes
The Joey car is dead died about a year ago
Wow and when he was let go
Or when that deal when he was offered that felt bad when they when they showed Hank to door when they stuck him in the back
Yeah, right, uh, and he said but uh, you know about my ratings
I'm number three in the afternoon blah blah blah Joe Bell said ratings don't matter here right what Hank says the Joe said
Mm-hmm
Well, that's good because we don't have any
Good thing we don't care about them and a good thing they don't count because we sure don't have any
Except in January on his show boy, I'm gonna during the break. I'm gonna reach over and pant myself on the back
And now it's time for our long-distance dedication
It's from Hank Goldberg and he writes please play the air that I breathe and dedicated to my Kim Bassinger blow up doll
I'm writing with here I flew I know then dressed up like Kanye Steven that's the deal
Tell you you're forcing me to do this
How about a nice Hawaiian punch
Oh
Oh
You know what Phil Arx says better shocking Gulf dream. It's the first race
There's the even money favorite the five in front by open line
I'll second and I'm cruising to the wire hide a line and east to west until they got side excess capital coming home a winner
Well, I'm telling you about the chalk of course we're not playing that race. So
We got nothing writing on that right we got $50 to win on the six in the second race for Cliff
I sure hope that
Hank's buddy Nick Zito don't win that second race that two horse. He's gonna be the chalk
Moving up cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap. We'll see
Rich says as you very well know a large portion of your caller's faxus e-mailers have absolutely no clue what
What a shot that is what a giveaway neither I nor any my friends have ever had a bad bite of food
To console oak much less a bad meal
The emailer who suggested you try the food court rather than the high-end steakhouse should tell you everything
You need to know about him and his projectile vomiting wife
Oh, what a great line that is I love it
Him and his projectile vomiting wife the sides are overpriced as they are at most high-end state places
But one side order a console can feed two or three people
So
Console oak and something rather on lasola so the two I can't read what it is the two best steak places in the area burn on
I hope that last guy enjoys his turkey club sandwich with lots of pickles next time he said his five star food court says rich
You're getting a little testy with each other now the food fight. It's a food fight. Yeah, I like that
Everybody I've talked to every all the emails of also counsel look at hardwreck is outstanding excellent
Have any near yet first I'd have to be down there to eat there I guess
Kind of a mixed bag, you know a mix a mixed blessing. So Joey Carr is dead. Well, that's good news
He was to me. He was not a pleasant person. I see
I was involved with him by way of the late Bob Savage
The late race caller from call to racetrack
With my late night TV show on channel 51 on on TV whatever hell was remember I talked about that the other day. Yep
We were involved in that and Joey Carr was like I don't know
Real hard ass but nevertheless
dining and dancing and
Clowning around
So what else did Hank have to say anything just that he knew we were on the air and everything
Well, what does that mean? It's like a sit there and have a long projected phone call why not you know
You might give you some inside dope inside poop. Well, I gave him my cell number in case he does have any more dope. Oh good
Yeah, give us the straight dough bank or the gate oak in your case
660 votes on the pool
Speaking of that which occupation though a mochomacho is also a breeding ground for those in the closet closet queens
Hey Jimmy you can
You know
Lifeguard's 135
Firefighters 89 Republicans 81 well Republicans uh from a standing start have gone zooming up the list
They must be thinking about all those toe tapers and about Miss Fowley and of course your gay governor
Limpress Christ
Do you think he's really fooling anybody?
Hmm with that marriage with that beard with that whole fake routine of his
Only the dumbest of the dumb
You'd have to be deaf dumb blind and basically dead
Not to know the Charlie Limpress Chris is a screamer screamer
Not just gay but
Like that
For publicans 81 football player 78. I can't believe those mochow football players like Brady Quinn
Those guys that take showers naked together all the time and slap each other on the ass with the towel and with their hand and with their
Marine 61 sailors 44 cops 44 soldiers 42
Paramedics 39 bounces 21 personal trainers 15 karate black belts 11
Out of 660
So what happened there the Chuck when the first race at Gulf Stream right now we can look up there and see
I don't even know if there's any scratches in the second race
No, there are not feel the seven
And the the horse I picked the six is the a third choice
Three to one one is two to one two is five to two and the six is three to one
So I'd open race you look at the form and you think I don't know
You want to pick this race? I don't want
I don't want it. Why I have no choice. That's the one. You know, it's the second race every Friday
Now the next Zito horse is the two who won resoundingly last time Todd got even
I'm surprised Hank didn't give you little information about that
That's his good buddy next Zito
One by two and a quarter, but he was the truck and he's moving up
In a 30,000 maiden claimer now he's moving up into a non winners of two
35,000 claimer. He's stepping on up
To the east side
Burning blaze on the other hand is taking a big big drop down
Second start after a long layoff. Well, whatever we don't want to intellectualize all this crap
How about Jimmy Cifilis getting 87% of the vote as the worst
The worst sportscaster play by play in all of South Florida and Gellie didn't even make the list
Let's find that very suspicious six are getting a little bit. He says coast second choice five to two
To good sign
Do you understand all this? No, are you ever gonna understand it? I mean, I don't know maybe by the time he dropped dead
Or I do
Why is it that difficult? Why is that compliment? I don't know. It's just it ain't sticking like that idiot
I think I got a couple days ago. Oh, how do you uh? How do you uh go to the track? How do you learn all about it?
How do you learn about horse racing and betting you go there? You buy the racing form and inside the racing form
There's a couple of pages devoted exclusively to how you read the form
And how you use that to bet and make your choice etc and so on tells you all about it like Johnny used to say
Hear all about it call for Philip Morris, whatever he's to say. I think we ought to go back to the days when we had cigarette spots
Why not we have a lot of other poisonous goods that they advertise why not cigarettes
Right why not faggots right freedom of speech, baby
Think it's a disgrace that the candidate for ties new ports Salem
Winston tastes good like a cigarette should
The moral bro man mr. macho probably a screaming queen
Six is back up to three to one so one two and six now what about the one one is Kent to Sermon oh look out
He wrote our 11 horse last week that one for fun good ride
Today
What's the name of that harule?
High rule oh Jeff high rule
Dropping down, but bad race last time bad race
I don't know
We'll see they'll open a gate the horses will run and they'll do their thing and
Life will go on and maybe I'll win cliffs some money and maybe not I've had four winners in six weeks and a second and then a fourth
That dr. Ogedy boogie Oga Oga boogie
That was that was unfortunate got bumped twice out of the gate. That was what it said. There's always an excuse, you know
bump twice at the gate
steady
Stiffed you know like that stiffed
I like when they say a horse was well meant I
Don't know what that means that that means they were trying to win. Oh
Okay, now what what's that opposite of the way as opposed to not well met as opposed to stifferoni stifferoni the San Francisco treat
I mean, what does that mean I don't know well meant
It
It means they were trying to win are we alive are we alive like that you know
Plenty of way the six keeps getting to hit back down to five to two. That's a good sign. He's taking money
When you see a horse that should be a low price and he's not taking any money
Run for the hills run like a son of a bitch
You starting to catch on now a little bit a little bit good one step at a time
I think the day will come when we'll actually have you go to the window and place your own bed
I've done that actually you have not at these things here, but when we've done things there before
In other words when we have done appearances there before
Yeah over the years you went to the window and placed bets
Yeah, somebody wrote down specifically what to say and like a bank robber. I just walked up there with a note
Give me a hundred across on the
Yeah, I had no idea what I was saying
I just laid over the six seven eight over the oh yeah, yeah, I want this I just handed the note in the money
My fat rich used to have tickets under his armpits and his wallet in between his knees
I mean this man after the every race was over he was reaching and then pockets the wallet the
Everywhere arm pits even once in a while pulled one out of his rectum ass
I had this super. I he was such a great guy. I know and then he died
Anyone in a why why fat
And it's Friday you best
Oh
You lost the race your complete
A groupacleery for your skin involves
money.
Jokes.
Here.
Believe that you show thanks to you.
Now I'm broke.
Money.
Jokes.
When you did, when you could hear all of us moan.
Or you're not triple crown.
Put on my money down.
Or I hit you.
Money.
Jokes.
Okay.
A little horse racing bit there to get us in the mood.
You in the mood?
Cute.
I am in the mood.
No.
I mean, to play it.
The six is up to four to one.
He was seven to two.
Back to three to one.
Now he's up to four to one.
Money's all going in on the one and the two.
The AC Doocy.
Four to one is a ten dollar horse.
It's not bad.
50 bucks to one.
I'm ten dollar horse.
250 bucks for cliff.
It stays four to one.
And if it wins.
What is that?
In the mood?
Another lot of burden to this house.
Oh my god.
Who is that?
Ernie Feele.
I remember that.
Okay.
John ZTR says.
You know that I just hear some moron blast me and calling me a fat shut in?
Yes.
Please inform this idiot that I'm an average citizen who gets bored at work has internet and radio access.
I put in ten to thirteen hours a day so I don't know what that moron was talking about.
Anyway, please tell George the movie should be there because I emailed him yesterday and let us usually take a day to get to the destination.
You get it?
No, I'll check it out then.
No.
I mean it might be sitting up front, you know.
It says I emailed him yesterday.
What does that mean?
That's what he says, but I haven't got it.
I think he means he mailed him.
That's probably what he means.
By the way, it's a coincidence that is it a coincidence that January was your highest rate of month or also the month I was sending in emails of full force?
Just kidding.
Yes, just a coincidence.
Anyway, I'll go ahead and reveal another fake identity since you ignored all the following emails from it.
Bart Owen and Raymond, the two idiots who heard from a coworker that Neil is not really gay,
real classic email says John, not.
It was mildly amusing the first time and then he kept following it up and I just kept deleting it because it was so stupid.
Not real classic, not up to your usual standard at all.
So obviously fake.
See, a real good fake email has got to be one that might possibly be real.
Right.
You follow on with Sam?
Yep.
Oh, here's Manny from Kendall with the Mr. Ego update.
We don't care.
Not interested.
He's just desperately reaching out.
I bet you Nick Lawrence sent that one.
Not interested.
Go away, Mr. Ego.
We're not interested in trying to put you on the map.
Just clawing out desperately, reaching.
Please, please talk about me.
No.
No chance.
No shot.
Here's one from Holy P-
Holy P-
Chris is not a Republican.
He's a rhino.
He hasn't done it.
One thing can even be characterized as being remotely conservative and most of his proposals are typical of a Democrat mindset.
Maybe that's because he's gay.
Who the hell knows?
Your governor.
All the six got hit back to three to one.
That's a really good sign.
That's a good sign.
What were those chicksticks or whatever we were talking about yesterday?
I don't recall the name.
I looked at him and I thought, well, maybe.
I don't know.
And maybe not forever.
You did what?
They're ancient.
The bitter off, forever.
So we got 10 minutes till the second race.
It's going to go off at 144.
The one is two to one.
The two is nine to five.
And the six is third choice.
Three to one.
And those three keep like road rotating.
Five to two on the one.
Nine to five on the two.
Three to one on the six.
Yada, yada, yada.
Anybody here?
No.
Cliff cares whoever Cliff is.
Are contestant on the pick up pony deal.
Now, when you go back out there again March 27, did you say correct?
Wow, what a memory.
And I think this time the station ought to give you like maybe five, six hundred bucks to plunge your guts on the first two races.
Do you think that makes sense?
It sure does.
Weel some triples and bet on some cripples and whatever, you know.
Seven to two on the six nine dollar house.
Pretty interesting.
The way in the five is taken somebody to.
Eon.
It'll be an Eon before he reaches the finish line with Cornelio Velasquez.
There's your horrejo Velasquez and John Velasquez and Cornelio.
Lots of Velasquez is in so many little time.
Four horses getting bent in the seven horse field.
Well, that means it's wide open.
Is that what that means?
Is that what that means?
Oh, boy, here's one from Ricardo Santorea, whatever the hell his name is.
He started yesterday.
John and Lake Worth is also wondering, again, two, he must be bored today.
The guy who emailed you was partially correct when he said it was entirely the fault of the people about these homes.
Oh, it goes on and on and on and on.
Okay, let's do the break a little early because we don't want to miss the race.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
God.
I was riding on a train to Austin, Texas.
Oh, and a very lovely lady said next to mine.
When she got a ticket, she asked to buy what holds her sight.
I was more than happy too.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper, so we've nothing in her rear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening, which she then said she'd known.
She seemed as if she could be, but I could clearly see.
She was the kind of girl whose old man's heart's system right now.
Right now.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper, so we've nothing in her rear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget that train ride down to Austin.
We share the sweet, and we shared our tales.
But as my heart tries to leave her behind, regrets are all not fine.
Because I hope that you'll get that girl in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
You're fair.
I want to whisper, so we've nothing in her rear.
I want to hold her behind closed doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
What an excellent timing.
Thank you.
144.
Post time.
They're going to the gate.
Are they good?
That's excellent.
I mean, they're like, poaching around their body.
They're approaching the Greek.
You ever so slowly.
Who made you can't see it?
And the bad, well, the good news is it's a price, nine to two, $11 horse if he wins.
Because the money, the two got plunged down out of six to five, almost even money.
That's the next needle horse.
One is five to two.
Five is four to one, and the six is the fourth choice of nine to two.
Might as well get a price once you already made the bet.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
They're going to the gate.
There's the doose.
He'll be followed by a native.
Nader and Broadway Bobby.
Talk about a loser, that old Nader.
E on the next one.
Apsulacha season, the seven post.
And the last two to load are burning blaze and bio hazard.
Nine to two, $11 times 50 is $275 for Cliff if we win.
Confidence is minimal.
You know what I mean by that?
No.
Well, we'll see.
I'm going to use the bottom of them.
Can't win them.
Can't pick a winner every week.
I'm picking it.
The bio hazard up to the outside gate.
With ET beard no less.
Wow.
Been off a long time.
And the horse too.
And the only line.
They're in the gate.
Six looks like he wants to just fly out of there and he didn't.
He came out awkwardly.
I don't know why he's in there.
He's in there.
Todd got even an e-honor right there.
Burning blaze is over.
Running in fourth and then high rule later and brought way close to the base.
He's about to like something.
He run up the back stretch.
Now he's stirred.
Got even on the inside and e-hon.
They're right together on the leave and burning blaze is just off of them.
And high right there.
Let me tell you right now.
He's got a horse.
He's third.
Outside of them comes bio hazard.
Broadway.
What do you think?
Is trailing the field.
I don't know.
Can't see the four lengths.
Two and a five.
Four, six is still on the outside.
Twenty-three and two.
Todd got even an neck in front.
E-hon to the outside.
The five is pressing the two.
And here comes the six.
Moving up on the outside.
He's got some horse.
They're in third.
High rule is pushed along fourth along the rail.
Nader right alongside.
Outside of them bio hazard and Broadway, Bobby Z.
And two and a five.
Still side by each.
Todd got even an e-hon.
And the six is right there.
Thirty-six and two.
Come on, A-bar, I-bar.
He's in high order.
He's in this good field.
And they've left the others behind.
Good on the buzzer.
Coming to the top of the stretch.
It's Todd got even grinding out a narrow distance.
And we had to turn for home.
The damn two.
The next two.
The next two.
Still second.
And the six is hanging behind them.
And burning blazes fourth.
And the final for long.
Todd got even an Joe Bravo.
Have the lead.
Todd, I'll tell you.
Bet the chalk.
Yeah.
Nix Zito in the two.
Two on the rail.
Todd got even wins it.
Sorry, Cliff.
He was right there.
Most of the race and then puked his guts.
The two.
The chalk.
Who got one?
Three to two.
That's five bucks.
Right.
It's 125 bucks for Cliff if we have picked the two.
I don't want to pick the chalk.
And then Phil Arck is going to say, oh, you shouldn't go with the chalk.
I told you I always bet the chalk.
Screw you, Mr. Ricksburg.
And there are.
There's a little bonus coverage for you like that.
Yeah.
Okay, let's get back to.
Sorry, Cliff.
I gave up my best shot.
I told you the confidence was immediately over.
Tough race, four horse race.
We finished fourth.
Ricardo says about Charlie Christie's not gay.
He just runs naked on the beach with his close friends.
Oh, this is the fake gym defeat of Santana from Alabama.
And you know, I miss these bits and yadda.
I was like, whatever quit living in the past.
Okay, we're doing the best we can.
We had a kick ass January, baby.
Right.
As kicker.
Men 25 54 boy, we still got a shot at some money.
If we get a few more wire diaries, maybe if Betty will help us out.
Come on, Betty.
Of course, Betty's a, well, maybe she can be a man for a month.
Maybe she can be queen for a day.
Betty.
John from Lake Worth says the guy who emailed you was partially correct when he said it was entirely the fall of the people of Bought These Homes only to find they couldn't refinance them later on when their interest rates increased.
I agree with the majority of the people who bought these homes for first time home buyers who only wanted a piece of the American dream.
They wanted a piece.
It's 15 freaking degrees, baby, in Toronto.
59 holy cow.
It's a good thing that they got to go pick up the pizza to a clock.
The oldest delivery, I mean, oldest delivery boy in North America.
Probably not.
The predatory lenders who went on check in a Republican administration who to this day did not believe in any form regulation.
As much as they deregulated, the society sounds good.
It can and will not work.
People get greedy and they're left unchecked.
Well, rape the American people at every turn.
That's right.
Rape like Mo would say gang rape ain't funny or whatever you said.
Is that what Mo said?
All time.
As much as we hate the government telling us what to do, it is imperative to have them be the watchdogs over some aspects of our lives to ensure we're not getting screwed.
Have a nice weekend.
You too, John, the Lake Worth.
And thanks for your perspricated observations.
Whatever that means.
So we found out today some important stuff.
Joey Carr is dead.
The chalk always wins a Gulf Stream.
I'm sure Phil Archer is going to be chiming in and he's like, oh, I told you about the chalk.
Where?
Maybe not.
Here is an interesting just wondering once to know what are the rules of your show?
What is the reason you can't play Farts on?
Because Joyce don't want them.
What happens if he accidentally let one out?
Do you get fine for this too?
Ooh.
Yeah, it's fine.
Joey Reynolds comment on the, how could you be tied for eighth place with W-I-N-Z?
How is this possible?
When is the FCC going to grant the power increase?
You can't hear the station west of the turnpike.
Well, that's part of the problem.
That's how we're tied with W-I-N-Z.
When you can't hear the station, you don't listen to it.
Here is one that says, wow, that was either really exciting where I have absolutely no life.
You're still a man off on the a burning blaze, more like flaming queen.
I'm still going to donate 50 bucks to pet rescue of Miami. Well, good.
Well, the cliff in Kendall, he was a contestant.
I thought it was something.
Then I say that to you when you told me it was cliff, I thought I mentioned that's cliff in Kendall.
Well, sorry, cliff, because you were a good guy and sent us a lot of good email crap and stuff.
And I wish you could have won, but the truck, I just can't keep betting the truck.
My concept of betting at the track is beat the truck, not all the time, but most of the time.
How about eat the truck?
Yeah, eat the truck.
That's usually what you do is eat the truck, 70% of the time.
Rick James says, happy anniversary.
I wrote a poem for you.
Neil, Neil, Neil on the wall.
You're the guest radio host of the mall.
Congratulations from Rick James.
So thanks Rick.
Very creative.
Larry says, when I invited you to the council, I knew you wouldn't go.
Just trying to show you there are some nice listeners out there.
Well, thanks, Larry.
I still think Ruth Chris or Peter Lurgers is better.
What about Morton's?
Is Morton's chop liver or what?
If you eat an Morton's?
Yeah, what's?
I was very good.
You like it?
It was very good.
Oh.
Well, Rita makes the dinner great.
Is when the hard rock comps the $200 check for being a high roller.
Tell George, breathing, breaking bad starts new sunlight.
Okay.
What does that mean?
It's a series I think it's on FX.
Very good.
Oh, Carolman Picard, the attorney used to fax me whom moved to Pittsburgh.
Amber Carolyn?
No.
She was a regular fax here.
I'm calling Ray Charlie, Chris.
I can't get over how no one wonders about him, although it's none of their business.
Anyway, I miss hearing you except when I'm home not working.
Try to get an iPhone.
Why need to get an iPhone?
It's just Carolman.
I'm reading it off the monitor, you know.
In my eyes a little blurry after watching that race.
Six was right there.
Most of the way it was.
He had a good shot.
He was right there in contention.
Then when they came to the top of the stretch, he looked down the stretch like a lot of horses do.
Saw the finish line was way down there.
Anyway, like that.
He peeps his guts.
He went like that.
Six hundred eighty five votes on the pool.
What occupation, although Mucho Macho, is the breeding ground for those in the closet.
Lifeguards, 135, firefighters, 91.
Republicans, 90.
Is that a job?
Well, that's my bad.
Well, I did it well.
Football player, 79, Marine 61, sailors, 45.
Cops 45.
How about what group?
What group group?
Paramedics 42, soldiers 42.
Personal trainer 22.
Bouncers 21.
Karate Blackbelts 12.
Now maybe somebody can explain that to me that last one. Karate Blackbelts.
I've never noticed a correlation.
Oh.
But I only have ever known a couple.
Well, you know, sometimes those belts are on the pantaloonies and you know what's inside the pantaloonies.
Oh, me!
You're nothing to me, Rogers.
What?
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
I'm not a real man.
In the rush food BERN
FAT-8- finde
steering
car
Local talk expert analysis. This is South Florida's
Southwest. I want you. I love sex. Every way. So grab some lotion. Come on. Let's play.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey
Hey. Keep rolling. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.
Here comes Mr. Sexy, round around the mail
I can't seem to get enough
Can do you get a little bit of rock
Don't get yourself into hot
Cause I'm new, all the cake you serve
I'm a helper, I'm a prey, and I can please say yes
I'm a sexer, like I confess
You've got a headache, good on sale
You've had it from run around the mail
How you doing, honey?
How you haz'n mod up by your drinking poo?
Hey, look I'm on C-shirt and says that's the president
I love hugs and cheers
I love you, boo, boo
Bye, bye, bye
