560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger show to talk to Neil dial 5 670 560 in
Dade and Broward in other games called toll-free a call will cost
5 Neil or pound 560 on your AT&D and the rise of wireless phones the
opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his colleagues do not represent those
of WQAM management no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
on 560 WQAM it's Friday you bested hey y'all it's
bringing again on my blog well I'm still on the road and I oh hey dad what's up
honey I got your grits Kevin called and you're
signing out okay dying it I can't believe it I have to call Kevin back anyway the
last city we went to we go ahead Tyrone oh he's on my security detail y'all I
hear you sounds like you're on the air and he watches everything it's great you have a
visit I have to get you and you're
f***ing out oh and she someone said the game oh
yeah
Sean Princeton bail in a well oh my f***ing
hanging out let me stuff it back in thanks London second of it really
embarrassing oh yes speaking of embarrassing here we are again
yeah pieces in the studio you hear me judges out of Gulf Stream somewhere but we
can't hear him right I can hear you really up pop me up jack if he can hear me how
come you're not speaking to me I am speaking to you oh well there you go I told you
George was there he was so panicky beast is screaming and yelling yeah well we just
get a scream right now what and all I got to do is deal with this echo sound no it sounds good
on the air this is the best it's ever sounded from there it's a different headset I think they're
moving me up to the good equipment I doubt that I do too so what's going on there beast is screaming
and carrying on I wasn't being sarcastic when I told you that their engineering department is
very much like ours that they don't get people here before noon I see
well how come we've always gotten on before it just it just goes with the territory of this
right now wouldn't you have thought after the debacle that we had yesterday now I'm still
mortified by that that maybe dove for Steve Sloan or somebody would have come in this morning
before the show and offered an explanation for what the hell's going on with those Neil Dield that
that whole thing yeah no well anybody tell you anymore about it after the show yesterday no
no
yeah
she had to get the ambulance back and I'm going to leave down for a couple hours and then let me know
when the races start I'll let you know where the party starts yeah call me when the party started
the girls are here the bands here they're setting up the band oh for the party yeah
but hey what's that got to do with ultra tonight what are you talking about ultra music
festival tonight tomorrow yeah that's all they care me you care a lot of that you're going
that's right what why do I care about that oh you shouldn't
Alan Strauss did the morning show this morning across the street as they have the host do
sure every day different host different loser different person who doesn't belong around the year
coming at you Alan Strauss was one of the beast tells me one of the dose amigos which the other
amigo fired and also if this isn't enough excitement they're replacing the toilets in my place
today they're going to be coming back knocking on the door eventually so so what's the
is there a reason for that they just hey new toilets everybody are they water saving toilets
I guess they must be I don't know they're putting new toilets in all the units they're putting new
units in every toilet so Barry Jackass writes this morning in the hero which is still printing a
print edition what's happening with Sid Rosenberg since 790 the ticket dumped him Rosenberg is
drawn interest in Los Angeles going to a friend and we'll also explore return to New York
WQM this this is the line that's going to send you just skyrocketing off your ticket let me put my seatbelt on
WQM likes Rosenberg but has no opening of course we do of course if they fail over there
right if they fail anywhere and Rosenberg cannot work on air and South food to the autumn because
of non-compete clause the ticket dropped Rosenberg because of an issue involving a handicap
both parties refused to discuss it and an inability to agree on some elements of his show
one example the ticket did not want Rosenberg to discuss politics as much the tickets considering
Jorge Siddon and others to replace Rosenberg trans swarts and at the end of a Barry's column he's
got a really oh this is so scary what did Warren's staff do to WQM's you managed this week collecting
an on air bed against manage staff ordered very expensive champagne and ran up a tab of several
thousand dollars at prime one twelve managed where to pay the bill couldn't remember the game they
bet on but I learned a very important lesson in the future I'll always know what the stakes are
I think maddishes losing it huh all right well I mean what kind of a deal is that he had to pick up
a tab of several thousand who's the real sap and that deal huh good god so that's Barry's
contribution to their human race this morning George is out of costume go see him bring him a bunch
of money that's right now here's my double so far one in one one in one panthers want a big game
against the flyers last night unfortunately though much y'all and over in overtime they beat Tampa
three to two panthers are going to really be sorry about those points they peed away here oh look
at this here Rick our gazarian keeps sending me all these guests available for interviews what
when you think that some of these people listen to the show no we don't do guests on the show
haven't got a guest in a hundred years oh no got a very bad and beast is going to be depressed
about this celebrity death okay old friend of mine and never met in person but on the phone we
talked many a time on the year dead Boston radio celebrity WBZ overnight Austin Blackie I'm waiting
to be beast David Bruttoid no idea lary glick oh no dead lary glick is dead at 87 how do you like that
I'm okay with it here a good show okay and then he had lary glick's lemonade stand
which the way things are going right now we should all open up an lemonade stand
lary glick legendary Boston talkmas to dies at 87 lary glick legendary talk show host on Boston
radio station to his best known for his late night programs his death at the age of 87 he had moved
to boca oh well died after undergoing open heart surgery yesterday afternoon to create a WBZ
news and program director Peter Casey glick had worked for WBZ for 20 years building up a faithful
following of glick nicks the radio station set on its website he most recently worked as a greeter
and legal seafoods in boca but he can't get a job in a business anymore he
work as a greeter in some restaurant right a meter and a greeter wasn't
mode doing or greeting at Walmart is that noise that I'm here coming from there or
proud silverware yeah yes yes oh they got me doing dishes over here it's for extra money
i don't blame them glick's career at wbz reached its zenith when he was host for the stations early
morning weekday shows from midnight on his name become a household wardam on night owl radio
fans who were reached by the station's powerful signal in close to 40 states in eastern Canada
he also worked in a 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. spot and the mid-afternoons before leaving bz in 1987
glick worked at whdh hosting a tentative show until 1992 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. when he retired he said he
might carry on with his act as a stage hypnotist wow glicks hold the globe in 1991 they love the
nighttime airwaves because he preferred the audience i like people better at night he said during
the day they're in more of a business fam of mine at night they might be the same colors but they're
more relaxed and less stressed they might have their have their feet up with the drink next to them
while they're listening to the radio he said he'd like to keep an update pasted and get too many
lovesick callers i shoot them off the air if they get too draggy he said he shoots them
out the air and most callers ought to be shot on a rough year but nevertheless lary glick is dead
boy that's he was 87 that's old enough sure he was having open heart surgery in a bokeh and then
oh i'm dying out of here and i was it
yeah i bet you've been to me don't even remember lary glick actually some do stage hypnosis
at my high school really yeah wow and it was pretty cool it's a pretty good show
he did stage hypnosis at high schools yeah it was like you know we had a big assembly
and there's Larry glick and he's on stage doing stuff
but did you ever listen to a show before my time was it really yeah on wbz radio 103 what a great
station that was man that was a great Bruce Bradley and Carl D'Assouds and Jefferson K and
Dave Maynard and Jay Dunn and all these people Jefferson K was Jewish by the way I figure
what is real name I just mentioned that for the beast I mean if he was Jewish does that mean
we like him better yes yes Jefferson K was a great DJ Bruce Bradley hated the music he played
Bruce Bradley was a great DJ but he hated rock and roll maybe hated it despised it that
Brandon says your friend Bubba loves bunch heads a very interesting scrap
pondering is very manly morning show they were all giving urine samples in front of each other
for a drug test what's more manly than taking a leak into a cup in front of other manly men nothing
speaking of Boston and the Kingston trio hang down your head Tom Dooley they were all
peeing into a cup in front of each other which is a good way to you know take a peek oh take a
peek at that look at that one Bubba loves but real manly guy from the west coast real manly redneck
sounds very fratish well that that we got on the year today because I really I told
beast I thought this was going to make it a Wednesday Thursday Friday trifecta the line came
up during the show open that's really talk about skating right in there well that's something good
because I couldn't hear the show open the level was so low it was like on Pudo the douse down 147
by the way for those who were still participating in such folly well my double today is one and one
and we got Rick is our contestant do you know let me ask you how do we notify do we email the
contestant do we call him or what yes yes yes what they sign up by email so when they win
when they are chosen as the contestant they get an email are they the chosen people yes that's the
chosen person so Rick must be Jewish then huh no how do you know I saw his last name oh really yes
and you can tell by his last end that he's not Jewish there are a lot of ways that tell if
somebody's looking at what's yeah even wrote in the first trained now by um oh that's not the one
no the one in the second race the one is a train by Nick Sido poor fathers
un and un got it but it's well it's way too early I'm gonna know I'm gonna be used also we're all
in on this together yeah man yeah beast got 20 bucks going here I'm gonna make sure he loses every
cent of it no I'm gonna try for I'm gonna try to make you a couple bucks too much pressure on
my Fridays he's not fun fun Fridays lots and lots of pressure markets under pressure
Friday you bastard I'm married and I'd like to share my life and my age with just one woman but
behind the condoms is so embarrassing huh they click give you that look like oh oh somebody's
getting some sweet aides tonight you ever try to honor up one of those things when you're in a
big hurry to get your aides impossible plus by the time you open the condom and put it on
she's not in the mood to give you the aides anymore she's still there so that's pop what is
smart one remember he is in Hollywood oh yeah 1018 at 560 wq way I'm happy Friday too let's take a
look at that schedule but we got some really heavy duty crap today we got Orlando with a Sony
Ericsson is that a golf term I guess yes no it's 10 to four oh what do I get tennis yeah of course
hey this game what do you mean yeah of course what do I know about you sweet the Lipton oh the
Lipton oh the Lipton I'm ever the Lipton yeah big deal 47 we got mad dog at the make a wish
and then seven of 11 we got you and my Georgia Tech baseball I bet you the beast will be on that game
uh yep and then after that we got the NCAA we got college hoops
I'm not going to have an awful lot though I guess but whatever we'll put on whatever we can
whatever we can get on for free we'll put it on right now this weekend I'm looking do I see
guilty on the weekend I see Adam Cooperstein their cramps and the beast at mark life before the
U.M. Georgia Tech baseball game wow boy we got some heavy duty garbage this weekend look at that
and whatever happened to Evan uh colored no was that his name Evan colored yeah
Marty Cohen he's up in Palm Beach he's still in Palm Beach I thought we were doing him on
air auditions and they were so crazy about him and he was going to be the next great white hope
and yada yada what happened I have no idea we have a bunch of on air auditions like they're doing
across the street in the morning now one thing the if people on air auditions lead at night or
on the weekend but in the morning morning drive when you want to take a dive that was done about
150 point so here's the guy with a full number that's a Vancouver area code so the thing is obviously
all fake Neil if you've never been to that place where man just spent thousands of dollars with
SAF prime one twelve then you were obviously completely out of touch just as the beast
you've been to prime one twelve I have not but I only hear good things you have been there either
means so that means you must also be completely out of touch uh no I'm just broke yeah I'm so
out of touch I never heard of the place well there you go seeing you guys are there and I'm up here
and uh this this idiot oh you're out of touch I screw you they'll always you haven't heard of it
you're out of touch that that's cool I've heard of it and so what does that mean
I've heard of purgatory too but I haven't been there yet so what does that prove oh yeah you have
I've been to hell I'm in it so long again this morning we're all scrambling around oh we're
gonna get George on the air are we gonna get this thing going what's going on here on the beast
is screaming stuff can you hear me Steph I think that was going on the year by them no it was not
yes it was no because it wasn't in program it was on the year
I could hear it what the hell yeah you gig that again like a little girl somebody's tickling
that's about to have their obsession with the hurricains man you're like a little gigly girl you
and Joseph Gackie old penis face penis push Phil says WBZ is the top 40 station was a
class act juicy brucey Bradley is the occasion to be heard of himself as a great night job
yes he was one of my favorite I've got a I've got a cold brewing and if we didn't have this
Gulf string thing though we're going to that a call in sick yeah yeah like it I'm telling you I
got a wrought throat and I'm starting to cough and puke suck it up one of my favorite Bruce Bradley
Lance was as constantly referring to the king says the kings for all you queens I never heard that
no what no WBZ was the station that made Louis Louis a national hit by the way it says
Larry Glick was great to sis Phil the real one in Naples as if that makes any difference he says
yeah makes a difference Phil we want to hear from the real Phil not the fake Phil
very Macockner what a Georgia's favorite e-mailers
says this morning on Bubba show they got an e-mail from a list of who said you had some guy sitting
in with you on the show Lou or Lee Felden or Friedman yeah flee camera exact it says sounds like
the e-mailer doesn't know what he's talking about Bubba went on to say he had a lot of respect for
you and that he'd like somehow to get in contact with you I don't want to get into contact with him
I don't talk to radio people anyway I love the show when I have no life thanks burry Macockner
so burries have an only a Bubba guy okay oh and that thing yesterday the thing with the sponge
tarpon springs in the sponge Bubba loves sponge see we both the mist at whole thing no there
a sweet the sponge industry is there they made a movie about it the Greeks in tarpon springs yeah
oh well somebody sent me an e-mail saying well that had to do with I think it was pretty I don't
mean made a sponge comment but that's because that's where the sponging is done they dive for
sponges there I thought there was a lot of sponging going on here but what do I well that's
another story guy in Portland Oregon says well we're getting some emails from strange places
Keith Jones tracking out so at Philadelphia Park got 66 stitches in the face and lost 14th while
announcing a minor league hockey game how do you like that all right Keith Jones never heard
about I heard of Keith Jones the hockey player ugly guy big schnauz penis schnauz kind of like
given us a song to dance about things movies that should be on a list of the 100 that you have
to see and then most of more on there he says I should have checked my sources to see some of those
movies were on list yeah you should have Anthony before you open up a big push God I was wondering
if you were George never heard of Charles Bukowski do you ever hear him no I didn't either he is my
favorite author and George might know because he worked the screenplay for the 1987 movie Barfly
which is loosely based on a few weeks of his life in the 40s never heard of them it's all the movie
Barfly yeah Mickey Rorkey would not like it oh and the other great race tracks spent about five
days a week there his novels and short stories are easy and enjoyable to read and finding him
as a gift for me have a great weekend says Anthony a Tamarack Charles Bukowski never heard of
do you hear him beast never no we don't know who that is no although he might be eating a prime
one 12 or whatever that places where whatever that restaurant is where Mandage had to pick up the
tab for Warren's sack I don't know for the saps was not deal thousands of dollars what a what a waste
lots of wine people are starving to death and these goofballs these jocks throw them money around like
it was water Mary says I love your show I've been listening for at least 20 years I remember the day
George did his first solo he's very amusing too I hope you're all on for as long as you want says
Linda says Mary at the top on the well it's Linda what thanks Linda Mary
keep it was today you did your first solo labor day was it labor day 2000 I believe wow what a memory
I was crappin my pants how could I forget I've done that yeah on the air no not in the year well
almost it had a stuffed cotton in there to keep from happening almost tapping yesterday there
with all that crap going on speaking of crapping in your pants and they still have a comment
and give us any explanation as to what that better not happen again next week I'm telling you that
right now what your lunatics evolution bill filed quietly in state senate while everyone was
racing around between budget committees yesterday senator steve wise republican and jackson bill
quietly filed a petition legislation that would change the way flota schools teach Darwin's
theory of evolution and already these science communities up it up that's another one of these
right wing lunatics they just won't stop the flat earth crowd Mike says just wanted to say I'm
very jealous and George this weekend I wanted to go to ultra on Saturday you see the prodigy
and Paul van Dyke and unfortunately I got family in town George have a great time and don't
drop too many bombs I will have a great time and I don't know what that means I don't either don't
drop too many bombs I'm only dropping good things oh Johnny blanchard is still dead we had the news
yesterday but keep sending us some old news we like it oh I got a spot for them just faking the
beast out when it doubt fake him out did you get a little panicky there very do you your finger
near the button is oh geez oh the old man slipping bad yeah the old man is slipping that's what
the exact as in their family should be executed with piano wire around their next my greatest hope
to see
and a wire ground the sea
e-o's
slice them with a knife from their pellet through their nose let's tightly and a wire ground the sea
e-o's
and put off a much for stealing from us make that talk to me
oh
oh
oh
I'm looking for almost videos hands kids where they live etc
one center all
let's
me
these
these guys of schmuck's whose mouths are filled with lies
let's pull out their nails and wrap their entrails around and risk this tree
oh lie it siding you for rustic c e-o's with the annual wire
the government can't do this properly we can people take it in our own hands and see that justice is done
strip them make it into the power of flesh strip them make it into the power of flesh
strip them make it into the power of flesh strip them make it into the power of flesh
1032 and 560 wqa and I got another celebrity death Georgia is going to be devastated even though
you probably never heard of this guy all right let me start drinking well let me give you the
poll result first I've faxed a new poll to Eric for the weekend but I don't think he got it yet
are you aware of the fact that last night our website was down for hours and our outspread
you know poll hit a uh hit a uh thing up on the road
a poll hit a thing no uh car hit a poll up there a power of
oh I know so the server was out for hours but I called up Eric and he had his thumb right on it
and he said no problem you know they're they're doing something and it got fixed
a rat the most identical identifiable voice ever is or was and blah tell you
him
till we got bogged down with that whole business with the needle do it yesterday which turned into a
disaster all we did saw them all out yeah but till we got bogged down this thing there were names
coming in from everywhere right field left field you name it most identifiable voice ever is or
was James Earl Jones 242 how it co-selling 62 Paul Harvey 65 good day I got to blow my nose can I
I'm telling him, getting his nipples.
Oh, at B.
From stress, man, too much stress from this place.
Law suit.
Bragg, it's a suit. It's a suit, Greg.
Poor muffler. She sure been through it, hasn't she?
She's seen it all.
Yeah. You think you got stress.
I'll short snigger 44, Walter Cronkite 31, John Wayne 31, the Duke.
Gilbert Godfrey 25, Wolfman Jack 18, John Facenta 17, Scott Farrell 16, Beast's Good Buddy.
Mel Black 16, Gelly Geltstein 16.
Oh, man, what a voice.
Vincent Price 15, Barry White 14, Mike Tyson 13, Peter Laurie 12, but there's a hundred names on here.
Yeah.
Take us till midnight to get through.
Which is everything on there.
Brand Drescher, the Nanny Club, October 11, Don Loth on Tane 11, Harry Kerry 10, Humphrey
Bogart 8, Ricardo Muttelbaum 7, Bella Laguci 7, Eartha Kit 6, Jaime Schmendrich 5, Ish
Camibola 5, George just made up some names and put them on here. They got votes, of course.
George Burns 5, Jerks Jason Jackson 4, Kamenaccia, and abortion.
Casey Kason 4, Ernie Anderson 4, Thurall Ravenscroft 4, Michael Buffer 4, Boris Karloff 4, foster
hew a three, Johnny Moes 3, we was robbed.
We was robbed.
Speaking of Larry Glickcroaking, Johnny Moes died a long time ago.
Loved him.
And a lot of us had a party.
What?
I loved him.
You love Johnny Moes?
Of course.
Boy, he was just, I mean, everybody likes a homeer for their team, but he was just so far over the top.
Over the top.
The store to the game.
We was robbed.
Every time there was a follow-up against the Celtics.
We was robbed.
He was, he made me nauseous.
He made me hate the Celtics like poison.
But you loved him because you were a Boston guy.
Yes, sir.
I bet you loved Fred Cusik too if you had any good taste.
Of course.
Fred Cusik was great.
Johnny Moes was.
I'm not saying Johnny Moes wasn't an exciting announcer. He was good, but you had to hate him.
Just like I'm sure people didn't like the pirated by Prince.
You know, too bad.
He was the best.
The best.
Hey, Neil, can we hear some mic-line?
No.
Harry Callus III, Christopher Lee II, Jim McKay II, Dick Nixon II, Don Cox II, Tom Brokaw II, Phyllis Diller, Jason Robards, Jackie Lee, Slice the Little Mitch Lewis and Barbara Alders, you've had one.
How could Jackie Lee be honest?
Somebody said his name.
Yeah, because he, he said it in and voted for himself, probably.
I'm telling you.
Man's got an ego the size of a Mount Rushmore.
Vince Gully and Lauren Green didn't get any.
Huh.
Now, how could Vince Gully get no votes?
Of course, to show you the parochialness of the South Florida crowd, you know.
We don't have too many, first of all, too many sports fans, number one.
We certainly don't have too many baseball experts, number two.
And we don't have a lot of people from the West Coast, so they don't know from the Dodgers.
What about when he did the Brooklyn Dodgers? How we have all these New Yorkers?
Huh?
Yeah.
I know.
He's a perfect game for Sandy Kofax.
Oh boy.
He was, he is born.
But I'll tell you, he's better than most of those cookie cutter renounces they got, you know,
like Dave O'Brien.
And the booster.
How'd you like that, uh, my space?
Oh, my god, I bookmarked it.
I bookmarked it.
It was really something.
Here's the death.
Strap yourself in now.
All right.
What's going on?
They were costume, by the way.
It's a really good thing.
You like to do me tomorrow?
Yeah.
All of these things?
Yeah.
All of these things.
Anybody come by and see you yet and bring you a bag of money?
No, not yet.
Maybe surely we'll come back in, surely, y'all, and bring you another city.
Probably would not be able to make it today.
Oh, yeah, that's because she knows you expect cash.
Not at all.
Bill Bogash is dead.
Who?
Huh?
Flash Bogash, pioneering roller derby star.
Oh.
Come on, George, you should know that.
I don't want that to be read up.
You're out of your league, Sally.
Don't watch the men's at roller derby.
Flash Bogash started out as a team with his mother, fellow roller derby, Hall of Fame star.
Josephine Ma Bogash.
Oh, Josephine son.
He was also a coach and popular player rep for the...
Something.
What?
I don't know.
He chopped off.
He launched his legendary cure on Skates as a teenager during the Great Depression.
When he teamed up with his mother, he's died.
He was 92.
That's plenty old.
Wow.
92.
They're probably skating on wooden wheels then.
Bogash, a resident of Yuck-of-Ali died of respiratory failure March 20th at his high desert media center,
and nearby Joshua Tree said his wife, Georgia.
High desert media center.
Whatever that is.
Joshua Tree.
Do we have Joshua Tree?
So you two album?
Yeah.
You two suck.
Yeah.
Is it suck or they suck?
You two suck sucks.
Billy Bogash was truly one of the greatest stars on the bank track road, Gary Powers, executive director and curator of the National Roller derby Hall of Fame in New York City.
He shaped and guided this sport like a few other skaters, was instrumental in helping make Roller derby this sensation.
He became derby late 40s and early 50s when the bank track sport was the talk of the nation.
Yeah, he used to be on TV, Roller derby.
Mm-hmm.
Did you ever see it?
Yeah, in the 40s and 50s all the time.
No, I was wrong.
I'm sure that they must...
It's, it's, it's, it keeps getting revived.
So yeah, we used to watch it on TV somewhat.
Somebody croaked a wood by an yesterday, by the way.
Really?
Yeah.
Wasn't you, was it?
No.
I had a fine day.
I stayed back out there last night and had a really good night.
Quick hit.
That's what's at, baby.
Quick hit.
Dub Mr. Roller derby by his fellow skaters, Bogash launched his 23-year skating career in 1935 when it was only 18 years old.
The impetus came when Bogash and his mother, Josephine, attended the first transcontinental Roller derby race in Chicago,
called Simon Augustus for that year.
Roughly patterned after the six day bicycle races in the pressure-neural dance marathons and walk-a-fons,
the transcontinental Roller derby was the brainchild of, brainchild of Leo Selzer.
I wonder if he was kind to Alka.
He was the former owner of a chain of organ on movie theaters who staged commercial walk-a-fons before,
tapping the popularity of Roller's Skate.
And George don't even know from Flash Bogash.
No.
Why do you pretend to be a Roller derby, a Roller derby?
No, I don't.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I don't.
Doesn't he pretend to be a beast?
Tell you what he talks about.
Yeah, Roller derby.
But what's going on right now?
Local stuff.
People I know.
That's all I know about.
What's going on right now?
Roller derby.
No, I think a break-al-forth.
I don't think it's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, yeah, I love March Madness.
You know, all those college guys.
So buff and tall and black and tall.
You know I'm an LA girl, so, you know, I'm like totally rooting for you, glad and asked,
they're hot.
I like BYU too.
I went to a party there once and it was BYU B.
Bring your used up for GINAA.
Well, I got a run.
I'm going to go have my own Final Four.
And of course, I have Final Four, and I'm going to go gain four guys.
I hope they have huge winners for us.
I guess she forgot, Paris, that Joyce has a real problem with penis and vagina.
1045 at 560 W.
We got the beast in the studio.
We got George out there at Gulfstream getting ready for a big day.
Right.
Punches got out.
So our contestant is Rick.
Right.
Now somebody named Rick, Rick Reyes.
Is that who was?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Says longtime fan, you called the name Rick for the contest.
And I'm just curious if the Rick is me.
Pick me a wiener please.
If it's me, if not, good luck to whoever it is.
Rick Reyes.
If it was him, we would have emailed him, right?
Right.
Or something.
Or somebody would have called him.
Maybe, maybe not.
I don't know how they do that.
Oh, maybe, maybe not.
Oh, another one of these phony contests we got going here.
Wow, this place is amazing.
We, Malin.
Another one of these games like we had yesterday, that was an abortion.
That was, I mean, I could do the whole show on that.
I could just see how it ran.
Get ahead.
I could.
I mean, talk about embarrassment.
I mean, we're only doing the stuff on the year.
It's our responsibility to like, you know, get this stuff done, get her done.
And God forbid that we should know what they're doing behind the scenes.
Although little hanky spanky that they're pulling.
And the fact that, Duff and your close personal friend Steve's throwing a Steve out there today.
Yes, he is.
So why don't you ask him?
I mean, don't you have at least one ball?
All this Steve, what happened yesterday?
Is he there?
Yeah.
He said right next to me.
And?
And?
Yeah, answering.
Go on, Mike.
You got a mic?
Pot him up.
Yeah, pop his ass up.
Here.
Thousand on one fourteen.
So what's the story?
What's going on with that Steve?
What kind of scam you guys pulling?
It's a great scam deal for you.
What happened was the company that we work with read the email is going on sale at 12 o'clock,
1 a.m.
Not 12 o'clock, 1 p.m.
And they put it on sale and sent out an email to all the people that buy that certificates.
Why did he do that?
Yeah, because after six or seven hours of it not selling out, that's what they do.
They try to help us move them.
So at seven o'clock, I got the same email that everybody else was reporting to you that they
got and we called them and said, no, no, no, it's not on sale yet.
So they stopped it and...
And then what was that explain?
Well, it wasn't showing to me on the page.
How many were left?
Because they had sold about 30 of them prior to that.
About 30, man.
And then there was about 70 left and they didn't do a countdown from that point.
And because they weren't able to figure out how many at the time.
Really?
Sounds like a real, punch a crap to me.
Yeah, that's true.
But it is what it is that they made a mistake.
They were very apologetic.
They apologized up and down.
And of course, it only happens when I do one of these promotions.
So that's the way it worked.
Won't happen again, they promised.
Let me ask you, Georgia, are you satisfied with that explanation?
I don't care.
Oh, yeah, you don't care.
It was obviously a try coming to get some free lunch around here and see if incompetence...
Listen, we do what we can do.
And it doesn't care.
It's beyond our control.
It's beyond our control.
Well, yeah, at least you should care a little bit of it.
They're the embarrassment factor.
Yeah.
They shouldn't do any good to be here.
They shouldn't do any good to be here.
I'm not going to...
You know, people might not be here.
People could actually hear this station?
Yeah, well.
It's a really, really embarrassed.
Here's an email that says it all.
You want to hear it?
Please.
Short to the point, is it too late in your career for you to care about a one currency world?
Wow.
Yeah, it's too late in my career.
I could not have expected that in the million.
No.
If we had placed bets, what do you think this next email is going to be about?
I could have named a thousand things.
He's still not here.
Oh, one currency world.
I don't want to miss the first race of Tampa Bay Downs, by the way.
And then we can talk about a one-time zone world.
The Beast is dying to hear your friend Richard Grundr, whatever his name is.
Who isn't?
It takes where it was a mile in an eighth on paper.
It was a mile in an eighth on the track.
Chuck LeCandy, by losing all of that ground, ran closer to a mile in a quarter.
Now we have to talk about the obvious negatives.
This is a horse, like most horses in Southern California, that has not run on dirt.
We have no idea how he's going to take to it.
And the buyer, boys, certainly have not been impressed with Chuck LeCandy.
His career best figure of a 91 in the L Communo Rail Derby certainly pales in comparison
to the leading three-year-olds of this crop.
Well, there you go.
To this crop.
Let me see what time, about post-time, is it already 12-year-one species, but you've forgotten so about it.
12-something, right?
Tampa Bay Downs, let's see.
Oh, we got the fairgrounds tonight.
Metallands, mountaineer, woodbine, flamburo.
Come on, how about we show on the schedule what's going on today?
There we go, Tampa Bay Downs 1225.
And Gulfstream, of course, 115, and the second race for Rick will be at 145.
144 to be exact.
The Rick, who was the contestant, has been alerted and knows who he is.
And it's not Rick Reyes.
No.
Sorry, Rick Reyes, isn't it you?
Sorry.
He has been alerted.
Are we sure of that?
Yes.
Because that explanation had bogus the story that Steve Sloan just made up.
That sounds real suspect to me.
Just kidding, Steve.
They screwed up.
Certainly QAM wouldn't screw up.
We know that.
Right.
The company that's in charge of that crap that, oh yeah.
They screwed it up.
Not QAM.
That's right.
We don't, we don't screw that enough.
I wonder what they're going to come and change my toilets.
I sure hope they don't make a hell of a lot of noise.
Well, I'll close the door, but who knows.
The fake Joe Bell, since being email, about the beast.
One of the things beast is famous for is his Hawaiian shirts.
Yeah, I used to wear those.
All fat people used to wear those.
I haven't worn a Hawaiian shirt in a better part of the decade.
Yeah, neither of I.
Since a lot of people criticize you for looking like a homeless person,
why don't you ask the beast to hook you up with a few of his shirts?
Oh, yeah, can you hook me up with a few of your shorts?
Uh, shirts?
No.
Can you believe that?
That's almost as good as the one about the one world currency.
I think that's the real Joe Bell, by the way.
No, it is not.
Why'd you say that?
Ah, because I think he's very attuned to my attire.
Are you saying that Joe Bell's got the hotspories that we were saying?
Well, I guess so now that fat Chris is, you know,
moved on to another part of the daytime.
Yeah, the nighttime.
For air or nuts is George.
Hey, you might want to read that off to your first and then you decide if you want to.
Oh, I think that doesn't surprise me once a slime ball.
It's all always a slime ball.
It's about Sid, but I'm not reading it on the air.
Nevertheless, that said just so you know, please.
Please, what? Read it on the ear.
Yeah.
Why?
Just forward it to the beast or something or I will.
Oh, you don't know about it.
I'll send you a year-old copy.
Yeah, he'll send you a copy.
But don't put it on the ear.
We don't know if that's true or not.
Where did that come from?
Uh, somebody over here at the track told me.
Oh.
Let's see.
Here's one that says what's your take on under 18 kids distributing nude photos of themselves.
If convicted, they're required to register a sex offenders crazy.
To each its own.
That's my comment.
Case to raster.
I'm more worried about one.
One world currency.
When and why?
Yeah.
Oh, holy Moses is right.
Something about Russian.
This is some silly thing that's supposed to be funny.
Not funny.
Steve Sloan is the best over 40 basketball player in the history of Cooper City.
Says Bob from Melbourne.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
He plays the hoops.
Steve Josh.
He's not where Hawaiian shirt.
He just wears Hawaii says the fake Jim DeFetus.
Josh Friedman.
Why do we care about Josh Friedman?
You care about him?
He said the fact he stinks.
He's an idiot.
I know.
I know everything.
I need to know.
Smells really bad.
I understand he's a nice guy though.
I'm told.
Not he's very.
He's a very nice guy.
Josh Friedman.
Yeah, without a doubt.
What are you talking about?
He's wearing a nice guy.
I never know.
Yeah, that's because he's fat.
All fat people stick together.
Oh, no.
Ever since he had a Greece.
He had babies.
He's very nice.
He had babies?
He has twin daughters.
He had him.
I sure looked like he had him.
I looked like the Octopop.
Ever since he has his wife had babies.
Now all of a sudden, it makes him a nice guy.
He really is a great guy.
He's a great guy.
How come George is always ripping him with such an ass and talking about how disgusting he was and he smelled and...
George hates everybody.
Yeah.
And I don't get along with anybody.
Here's the new pool.
Oh, you got to add one on here.
Can the beast do it?
You know how to add one on the pool?
I'll figure it out.
Ben Ginsburg.
You know the guy with the orange here?
The right wing?
The Nazi?
Who's the most self-hating Jew of all time?
Jewelie Bremen's got seven.
Jackie Mason's three.
Alan Combs one.
Paul Wolfowitz one.
Ron Silver one.
None yet for Mord Zuckerman.
Richard Perler, David From.
David From should have a lot.
He's a real piece of turd.
And you're going to add Ben Ginsburg.
Got it?
On there.
It is on there?
Boy, you are.
Once in a while, you are useful.
Ben Ginsburg.
I see it.
No votes yet.
But he'll get some votes if they know who he is.
A real rabbit right winger.
Baaah!
Baaah!
He should be himself thought of Ben Ginsburg.
Okay, another death.
Another death sit on the edge of your seat.
And after the break after the top of the hour, another stiff.
Oh, Neil!
This is the Neil Roger show.
Who is pinching Joe's nuts?
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Pissed off.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen,
you choice of the Fags of America.
It's 11-1-5-60-WQ.
I mean, here's your celebrity death,
and I'm sure you never heard of this person either.
Right.
What?
I said, all right.
So what's going on out there, costume?
A whole bunch of people lined up to see and get your autograph?
Oh, absolutely.
What's her name, Mickey?
Who you know from the track?
I came by to say hi again.
Oh, I love Mickey.
Do you give her a big kiss for me?
A big sloppy wet one.
Boy, she must be 100 years old by now, just like me.
100 years old.
We're getting old, Mickey.
Shane here.
I said, stick around so you can hear Neil say hi back,
and just like the other time.
She ran away.
Yeah, she ran away.
Well, I chased everybody away.
You know me?
Yep.
Sooner or later, I chased them all away.
Connie Zimett is dead.
Who?
Ellie Brecher writes in her.
Ellie has been reduced to writing old bits about...
Old bits about...
Old bits people.
Old bits people?
Is it supposed to old bits about live people?
Sometimes, self-trees, sometimes snappy.
Sometimes, over the top, New York Shmuzi.
Jingle singer and voice over artist Connie Zimett.
Promise that Coke was the real thing.
Norwegian Cruises are as far from every day as a ship can take you
and yadi-adi-adi.
In word and song Zimett pitched thousands of products in her long career,
including Apple computers.
Fresca soda.
Boy, I love fresca.
Mm-hmm.
Pell Mel cigarettes.
That's why I played the Chesterfield Queens.
Pell Mel.
There used to be a big fat guy with a big fat head.
Frank something who used to do Pell Mel spots.
A hundred years ago.
Frank something.
Ajax Scouring Powder, Chevrolet's and Godfather's pizzas.
How do you like that?
Godfather's.
Mm-hmm.
In the end stages,
M-M-M-M-M-O Trophic Lateral Sclerosis ALSO Lou Gehrer's disease.
She contracted bronchitis and dieted home and plantation on Tuesday.
She was 67.
That's not very old.
Especially when you're 66.
The versatile performer acted in off-Broadway play-sang and nightclub is made record.
She was the voice of Lucy on the album version of You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown.
And in 1971, as Connie Z,
narrated the way to become the sensuous woman for Atlantic Records.
Published in 1969, the book, The First Persony Rodic Manual by Jay,
was a classic in the sexual revolution.
As a metric grew up in Indianapolis in Pittsburgh,
the daughter of a traveling salesman and a one-time dancer,
her only sibling, her brother, drowned in childhood.
Boy, really depressing.
At a time when we need like a little chuckle, you know, like that.
All these people dying and depressing stories.
She began acting in local productions and summer stock theater at the age of eight.
It went to New York at 17.
It goes, ah, no.
There's no point in reading all of this because we don't know who she was.
How about the beast knows who that is?
Condo idea.
Sure you do.
No, I don't.
You're just playing dumb.
See, you don't want to embarrass us.
Right.
Now, you know, last week or the week before when we were talking about Prince spaghetti house?
Yes.
And I was getting so much misinformation.
Yes.
Now, maybe we can straighten, you know,
I've got a bunch of stuff here in my pile, but most of it is craft as usual.
Yes.
Um, what's the real story?
The place that exists today was not related to the old Prince spaghetti house.
That would you tell me?
No, in Saga's on Route 1, there's a Prince trying to talk to your teeth on your
Greek read now and Shoggyish on Route 1.
There's a power does that too.
A place called Prince Pizza, which may or may not have originally been started by the people that started Prince spaghetti, but now has nothing to do with it.
My Prince.
Right.
Now, in Lowell, Mass, there was the Prince spaghetti factory, and they had a restaurant there called the Prince Grotto that I ate at.
Yeah, I bet you did.
In like the early 80s.
Just like me.
When you're in New England, man, you eat and you eat and you eat and you eat.
Of course.
Look at me.
Yeah, look at me.
I got a week's stomach.
And?
And that's the story.
That's the story.
What do you want to know?
When's his Prince spaghetti day?
I don't know.
No, there was a whole chain of Prince spaghetti houses in Boston in the early 60s when I lived there.
Well, by the time he got to the early 80s, there was only one.
Really?
See.
I bet there was more than one brigams.
Oh, without a doubt.
All over the place.
I told that story many, many times.
That I had a friend who used to have a contest to see who could eat the most hot-fired Sundays.
Because they were small.
Remember, they're very small?
Like a little tin thing?
Right.
And we were too embarrassed to order more than one in one place.
So we would go from one brigamist to another and just keep ordering hot-fired Sundays till we practically passed out.
I know.
We'd always been a brigamist to get a raspberry lime rickie.
Really?
Yeah.
Was that rickie as in rickie?
What name is it?
Rickie as in rickie tiki.
Rickie tiki who's giving me show advice these days.
He never followed up on it.
The anxious email he sent me on my space.
With more advice?
No, not with more advice.
With something.
With a clarification and apology.
A heartfelt something.
I don't know.
Well, maybe you'll meet him about three quarters of the way.
I'm not meeting him any any part of the way.
Wait, since when is he directing this show?
Everybody in the world wants to tell me how to do this show.
I think I'm doing okay for an old part.
Okay.
Not great, but okay.
And when they do it someday, when they get that new stick up there and somebody can hear the damn signal, then we'll do even better.
What do you laugh every time I say that?
Oh, stuff was making a face.
You don't think it's going to happen?
It'll happen.
I just ain't holding my breath.
Somebody sends me a picture of two weird guys.
I have no idea who they are.
I'm in Miami.
I don't know who these people are.
Weird.
And I'm just going to delete it.
Okay.
Is it me and Steph?
How about that nasty Nazi bitch Joyce Kaufman for your pull?
No, it didn't the whole bunch of people tell us she's not Jewish.
Joyce Kaufman, even with a name like that, she's Jamaican, man.
I thought she was.
I thought she'd like a Puerto Rican Jew or something like that.
Really?
Is that what you think?
You can be both things, you know?
I don't know.
She's small potatoes.
Are you parochial people about your local tacos down these Make Believe stations and everything?
What's wrong with you people?
Jesus, God.
What about Randy?
What about this man?
I've grown up already.
There is nothing.
I'll tell you right now.
There is nothing in the world worse than radio groupies.
Nothing.
Oh, and guess who emailed me again yesterday and said, please don't block me and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Randy invited me to help her move her house, blah, blah, blah.
Our Rogers.
Yeah.
And you know what I did?
Blocked him.
Blocked him again.
We don't want to hear from you.
We don't want to smell you.
We don't want to know from you.
We don't care if you're dead or alive.
Hopefully dead.
You're an idiot.
You're a stalker.
You're a group.
You're a jerk.
What are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say go away.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Go away.
Yeah.
Get lost.
And if you're thinking of leaving the show, Al.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Oh, we're going to leave and I'm never going to listen to you again and blah, blah, blah, blah.
You blocked me.
Yeah, go away.
You're an idiot.
See, that's one thing about that crowd when they know that you don't want anything to do with them.
Like the guy with the eyes.
Then all of a sudden they keep showing up just just to be irritating.
They double up.
Am I right?
They double their efforts.
That's right.
Just because they live to be annoying.
And social justice.
They don't have their own life.
They have their own life.
Right.
So that wasn't very informative about Prince Vigetti House.
I don't think you ever even ate there.
Yes, I did.
They had the best Vigetti in meatballs, which I know was not Italian, but nevertheless had the best Vigetti in me and Vigetti in sausage.
Oh my God.
To die for.
To die for.
That's how good it was.
And speaking of Boston, I will say this, there are many restaurants in the North end.
Many Italian restaurants that are highly overrated.
There's a lot of bad food in the North end.
At least there used to be.
Yeah, that's true, but there's some really good restaurants too.
But there's some really bad ones.
And supposedly the North end in Boston is the place in America for Italian food.
It is.
They don't know Rome, but then again, what is?
Neal says, I lived in Tarpen Springs for six years.
It was a great place to live.
It's a Greek town with good, Greek food and nice people.
Do you like.
Eros.
Pronounced G-Y-R-O-B.
Pronounced the Eros.
He's got Eros.
Yeah.
Are they paying beast with a grub steak?
Grub steak is a cowboy term where if they don't have money, they pay you with food.
It says Neal Blake.
At the track, grub steak is like, you know, having a few bucks to get started with.
I have to have a grub steak.
I need a grub steak.
There was a guy in Detroit named Pete Shapiro.
Lawyer.
Dead many years ago, now cocaine.
Dead.
And at the time I owned my trotters, he also, he and a friend of his also owned some horses.
Mm-hmm.
And he used to say knock, knock.
Who's there?
Peach.
Peach who?
Peach Shapiro.
I need a grub steak.
I went with him one time to raceway park and to lead her to the thoroughbreds.
The track where even the patrons have race bandages.
And the jockeys.
And I lost my ass that thing.
I need a grub steak.
Meaning he need a few bucks to get started.
He didn't get it from me.
I'll take that.
He's dead.
Oh.
Well good.
Evil guy.
Peach Shapiro.
Dead.
Maria B. A chimed it again.
Nice to have Maria B. back with us.
6.40 pm last night.
She says, the dollar's up.
The dollar's up.
Yeah.
Big deal.
It was 14,000 a few weeks ago.
Now it's 8,000.
No one else is on 121 at 7,800.
Next thing you know, it'll be 77.
Maria says, when I finished up at the closing bell that you were on my mind, I was wondering
if you have taken notice in this massive rally we have on our hands.
You know, the one I've been recommending for months, the Obama bounce.
I was wondering if your recent hot hand at woodbind is outperformed in market.
Has it?
Yes.
Yes it has.
By far.
This month alone, the strong American market is provided 19% return.
I'm sure you've noticed in this time span, the weakness in the US dollar and how the
loony has gone from a low of 77, sent to 81, sent them up to March.
Big deal.
You see, sir, your earning power has been cut along with the rest of the working class.
Our federal government is pumping the system with cash unless you won't ask
it's like stocks and real estate, the benefit from the inflation that's being created.
You'll be left behind.
Oh.
Furthermore, you live abroad, so you're going to get squeezed even harder because
this is all of this place out.
US dollar will test new lows.
I love that expression, testing new lows.
Don't you love that?
Oh yeah.
That means you'll be dealing with a dollar five loony versus the US dollar in a
slash salary.
Sir, all of this could have been avoided if you took me up on the industry, your future
Friday segment.
Anyhow, no love losses.
I wish you enjoyed good luck with your pick up pony bet tomorrow.
Best regards, Maria B.
Thanks, Maria.
I think Rick Riley is the fake Maria B.
Bagguide bitch.
Yeah.
Oh, Neil.
Friday, you bastard.
Jesus Christ.
Move your star.
Are you as bad as you are?
Bill Clinton used to feed the star of lethal weapons.
Now he's making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to ask.
It was okay but wasn't as bad as madman.
Jesus Christ.
Move your star.
Rex Rie and the Pope give you four stars.
Jesus Christ.
Take a look.
Don't seem to film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ.
On the screen.
Glad there was no heart.
Jesus Christ.
Take a look.
Finally, lecture name in variety.
Jesus Christ.
Move your star.
Are you as bad as you are?
Yes, it's still alive.
Rex Rie.
Yeah.
That's a price.
They mentioned Rex Rie in that bit.
So I looked for it.
Okay.
It's still alive.
Yes.
Yes.
Rex Pactors says the name is Zimit.
County Zimit.
Who?
The chick who died.
Oh.
Don't be so insensitive.
Where do you want people to croak?
Sorry.
Probably most familiar is the voice of the bird eye and radio spots.
I don't remember those.
Do you?
No.
Very nicely, a mentor and teacher for many voiceover people was thrilled to have a read my copy for a spot I produced a wild back said.
Rex Pactor.
The Pactor factor.
His show will be on soon on QAM.
Maybe across the street.
Rex Pactor be auditioning for that morning show.
Hey, why not?
Well, has he failed somewhere?
No, that's true.
He doesn't qualify.
Yeah.
The fake Tom Jikus' County was a mentor to many.
Many is a spiring voice over people in South Florida since the early 80s.
Myself included.
A wonderful lady and cheerleader.
She was on Sandy Patent Show quite often.
What a shame.
What a voice.
What a shame.
Well, happens to the best of us.
They stick us in a box.
In a beast case, they'll stick them in a piano crate.
Face down.
What face down?
I don't know.
Why not?
So his friends have a place to park their bikes.
So the horse is coming out yet for the first race.
No, it's an hour away.
Right.
No, it's two hours away.
Two hours?
You've got to be kidding me.
This week, it seems like an eternity.
Wait a minute.
We didn't have we couldn't get on the year.
The first hour we had to do on the Blackberry for an hour.
These are all things that make life interesting.
No, they don't.
These are things that make life aggravating.
The real yesterday, we had this, this, this,
this hoax, this, this, this hoax, this crap with our, uh,
kneel deal, which ordinarily goes as smooth as butter.
As somebody would say,
smooth as butter.
So what time is there, Shawana?
Is she back on the year yet?
Oh, the radio groupies, the light bulb crowd.
Oh, well, what time is the excitement show on now, Neal?
What time is Norma can't go to be on that station.
Nobody knows about.
He really crossed my ass, man.
He really pisses me off big time.
But you know what?
I'm not going to send him an email.
I'm not going to call him.
I'm going to pretend I never heard his name.
Scott says my all time self hating Jew for the pull,
Rabbi Baruch Corp, defender of Nixon over Watergate.
I remember him when the Watergate scandal broke in 73,
Corp stung to defend the Nixon,
founding the President Nixon justice fund and the National
Citizens Committee for Fairness for the Presidency on his deathbed,
Corp falsely claimed that Diane Sawyer was deep throat.
Well, she might have been deep throat, but not the one from Watergate.
I thought Linda Lovelace was deep throat.
Yes, she was.
We know well.
Yeah.
Never mind.
Never mind what?
Nothing.
We can't say anything anymore, such as never mind.
Oh, you're going to say something really dirty?
Dirt disgusting, filthy.
Gross. Well, don't do it.
I won't.
And then he's also got Rabbi Yehuda Levine,
a co-chairman of Papu Kenan's 96 presidential campaign,
pursues social issues with a vengeance.
It started in October 78,
11, said I was a something-year-old,
you share a student in New York City,
I saw a sign calling for a protest against gay rights.
This opened up a whole new thing for me,
and one day I discovered the culture,
which I hadn't known of because of my Orthodox upbringing.
Scott says,
boy, he also says,
I wonder if they still sell Prince Pagetti sauce,
and the store is up there.
Up there, meaning I guess, Boston.
You think?
I don't think.
No, I'm not asking you, I'm asking you.
You've never even been in Boston.
What else do you know about it?
Nothing.
I'm asking the fatso there, beast.
He's not responding.
I'm right here.
Do they still sell Prince Pagetti sauce in the source?
I'm almost positive they do.
Really?
I know they sell the pasta.
Prince Pasta.
Well, so you can still make Wednesday, Prince Pagetti Day?
Of course.
Boy, those restaurants were just to die for,
and from...
What was the last time you were there?
In Boston?
Yeah.
Long time ago.
I couldn't even tell you the year.
Got to be like 10 years ago.
I bet you that child isn't there on Boyle's in the street anymore either.
No idea.
You know, a number of childs were there those grape and anus splits?
Oh my god.
Remember Julia child?
No, not Julia's child.
Childs.
It was a restaurant and dessert joint.
We used to go to E-Mac and Bolleos.
Yeah.
E-Mac and Bolleos was in...
Soundthord or two in plantation or sunrise, whatever that is.
E-Mac and Bolleos, they didn't appearance there in 19, whatever, a long time ago.
Back in the Zeta Day.
E-Mac and Bolleos was from New England?
Yeah, from Boston.
Well, it was probably too good for Soundthord because it didn't last very long.
That's one thing I don't understand.
In a place where it's hotter than hell, 90% of the year, you would think that being in the ice cream business would be a shoo-in, guaranteed.
And there are more ice cream places that go out of business.
In the fountain shops and plantation there on Broward Boulevard.
Yeah.
There was a place called White Mountain Creamery or something like that.
And they had the best damn stuff, man.
It was like gelato, only even better.
It was great.
All these neat flavors.
They lasted about 10 minutes.
Now, somebody would say, well, it's causing us into fountain shops.
Everything goes out of business there.
But it was great.
So many ice cream joints have come and gone in Soundthord.
Wouldn't you say ice cream would be like one of the most popular things in a place like that with weather like that?
Ah, yeah.
But it's not.
Maybe because you got so many old parts there, maybe they just don't know how to gum the ice cream properly.
Maybe that's it.
What's not to know?
It's not good for the dentures.
Yeah, maybe they get that extra cold sensation when they take the dentures out of their gums.
I think that would feel good.
The extra cold thing where your forehead feels like it's going to split wide open your gums.
I mean, I have cold sensitive teeth.
If I didn't have any teeth, I'd eat ice cream a lot more.
You have cold sensitive teeth?
Yeah.
Teats.
I'll be there.
Cold sensitive teeth.
Put an ice cube on them.
Watch what happens.
You know, so our thinking is if the sample moves and the sample moves in the sand and need a derby, we're probably going to wait a week.
Oh, there's Todd Plutcher.
I wonder if he's getting Dell Plutcher.
I sure hope not for his sake.
Dell Plutcher.
I should Google him and see if he's dead.
I mean, you don't want to call somebody a crook in a thief while they might still be alive, you know.
Dell Plutcher.
From Indiana and his brother, Dwayne Plutcher, from how Indiana used to live right down the street for me and how Indiana when I worked in Sturgis, Michigan, 1966.
I hit all the low lights in Michigan, man.
All the high spots, Albion, Marshall, Sturgis, Hillsdale.
What a career, huh?
Those were the days.
All those nighttime trips to Hazel Park in Detroit.
I think George and the Beast have both left me.
No, this is so boring what you're talking about.
Now let's get back to the roller derby.
The roller derby, sure.
April 4th.
Charlie G. says I brought a new product from a company recently.
I got it within six days after payment, which is very fast.
In addition, I have checked the quality, which is very good.
How can I forget to introduce it to you?
You can have a look and it's got a link, Chinaagentseller.com.
It's a website.
If you buy the product, please tell me I'm the introducer in this way.
I can have offers when I buy the product next time.
What does that mean?
So I think a pyramid scheme to me.
Yeah, it sounds like a scam.
I can't hear the herbal life by the product.
Try the products by the products.
How about the monovie?
What?
This new, it's like an SIE juice beverage that all these people are hocking.
Never heard of it.
It's an infomercial.
It's a big pyramid scheme.
Like, you know, we have a big monovie part, tasting parties and get suffered.
Like herbal life.
And what was the other big pyramids?
Purely.
What?
Shakeley product.
Shakeley, that was one.
Yeah.
Amway, shake, Amway, another one.
That, uh, chick stuff, that, uh, Mary K.
Mary K. Cosmetics.
Are you not an old Mary K?
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
1127 at 560 WQM.
We got the, uh, big, uh, first and second races from Gulfstream.
114 and 144 and whatever.
And for Rick, that second race, that's the big one.
The first one just for George and the Beast.
Yeah.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Name it on my child.
My lawyer says it's worth whiteflow or song.
Cos I've been looking around.
When excuse to explain my words.
You can't recognize me.
My doctors have leached off my ethnicity.
And I keep children around.
And they sleep inside my bed.
And I keep them safe.
And I am gay.
That is why I'm marrying some of Rick.
It's great to lay to compensate with this song.
That's really bad.
Lay me on my child.
And dog of those toys that I never had.
The only G.I. show in my life.
What might fall me and abuse him down.
I'm happy for you, Judge.
And call me bringing.
Let me find and put.
And say.
You fell.
I believe it on my child.
Conor 6, tell no to 560 WNQ.
We got the Beast in the studio.
We got George out of costume.
It was very quiet today.
Well, I wasn't going to interrupt the Boston restaurant conversation.
I had nothing to add to that.
No, you have nothing to add because you never been there.
What do you know about Boston?
Nothing.
Before you croak, you need to go to Boston.
It's a great city.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'll write it on my list.
I'm not doubting you.
It's really interesting how the young Clemenza
had that high squeaky voice
and all of a sudden,
they later on, they had that deep voice.
It must have been whiskey and cigarettes.
It means look a bratsy sleep through the fishes.
Where is that?
Here it is.
Look a bratsy sleep through the fishes.
See, he had a real deep voice.
But when he was younger,
well, maybe guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
Maybe there's hope for guilty.
He had a great appreciation of racing
from a gambler's point of view.
One of his best hardest poems was a
tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
One of his best hardest poems was a tribute to Joel Bryan, a magician gone.
Let's see.
Please check it out next time you wander in your neighborhood bookstore.
He really got it when it came to Jiglin Joe.
What does that mean?
Joel Bryan was called Jiglin Joe.
Okay.
In any rate, Joel Bryan's still dead.
Nick Feinberg's not.
That's good news.
That's Dick, whatever that meant.
Jiglin Joe.
How about Jiglin Joe, Mars Jr.?
Who?
You know, when I was in college, summer school,
because I wasn't, I wasn't going to class, I was drinking myester brown, skipping class,
so I went to summer school in 1961.
And by this time, my friends from Detroit had already introduced me to the evils of going to the track
and losing whatever money I had, whatever cash my parents were sending me.
And so we would, my friend John and I, we would swear to each other,
we're never going back again, never going back.
Okay.
The next day, I would come back from my last class to Abbott Hall,
which was a girl's dorm, by the way,
but it was a guy's dorm in the summertime.
Do you think they knew something?
Possibly.
And he would be sitting on the front steps of the dorm waiting for me
with a Detroit free press newspaper and the sports section open to the entries for Hazel Park that night.
Oh, Joe's got seven tonight, meaning Joe Mars Jr., who is our favorite driver.
Joe's got seven tonight.
So I would go on and get my old web core, real to real tape recorder,
hop in his car and we go to the pawn shop and get like 30, 40 bucks.
Ponding something?
Yeah.
And I'd like pawn my watch, get another 10 or 20 bucks, you know,
and get 50 or 60 bucks to go to the track.
Wow.
What a budget degenerates.
Yes.
What's wrong with that?
You're sitting there at the track right now and you're giving me a son of an anti-legate general.
On anything?
Well, no, that's because you're like an adult working with a modest income.
Oh, okay.
I see.
I was like a college student.
I had to rely on the money that came from home from mine.
You're like, well, you lost me there at the parents sending you money part.
You know, that's where I couldn't relate anymore.
Well, where else was I going to get money?
I wasn't working.
I'm going to go to work when I'm in Michigan State drinking mysterbrow every night.
Some of you had parents who sent you money or give you money.
Well, you had bad parents.
I had no kids too, but mine were there.
I was snorkeling there in the background.
Oh, somebody generate.
Oh, we start selling wine.
We start selling wine after a while.
I don't know.
Nobody on it.
Oh, some guy?
People come around to the table, yeah.
Oh, we got the bloominos.
I'm going to blow my nose.
I'm going to blow my nose.
Sorry, I got to blow my nose.
Oh.
Pizza for lunch today, too.
Oh, for me.
It's here.
Can I have a exciting?
Thrilled.
What are you talking about?
What am I talking about?
One of the highlights of my day.
Good.
I order it.
I go pick it up.
And then Paco comes down and we eat pizza and then he leaves.
At least he's there to help.
No, he would not need help.
Eat it.
Eat it.
It's all.
The Joker.
So this is Heath.
Heath was sour as a persimmon.
Sour.
George is such a defeat to see.
He expects things that go wrong cannot be corrected.
Maybe that explains his lack of passion to get to to the bottom of things.
You don't have to work, but he does.
And yet you care more about giving your listeners what they want.
He's the ultimate slacker.
And yet he criticizes your lover for the same characteristic.
What the hell is that mean?
My lover?
Please.
These people with their fantasies.
He's angry at his own shadow, the Joker.
Yeah, my lover.
He just keeps conjuring up all these wild images in your mind.
All this other crap, my lover.
My lover, you should live so long.
Heath wants to be your lover.
Yeah, I think he wants to be your lover.
I don't have a question about that.
Well, here we go.
Hey, Heath.
It's Friday.
You best.
Hey.
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying
to hear the Pope singing on his own CD,
your prayers have been answered.
Now, through a special arrangement with a Vatican,
his holiness is back.
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's Sing.
He's a little mead to introduce myself.
My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul II singing songs that will lift you up
and make you get down.
And he's turned around and starting to play that organ new
as a choir boy.
Play that organ music right.
Play that organ music choir boy.
Play down in Boogie and play that organ music till I die.
This might be so.
The Pope sings gives you the chance to hear the many sides
of the owner of the Pope's wheel.
On the rob of a Pope's wheel,
much better than the owner of a stupid hat.
He's the part of an Overseer CD,
he's the boss.
You should be playing finger.
You should not go begin,
but then get the judge to play,
he stakes him your want to.
You're helping him pour,
if you lose your shirt.
So come out and play finger.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep,
be A, be A, please.
Oh 69.
I
22 for the minute.
Cheap.
The Pope sings is available now at a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
$5.30.
13th you'll know in at 560 WDQM, the Dow's down, 86.
Now you want to hear a costume. By the way, they're putting my new toilets in.
Are they exciting or what?
Yeah.
So if you're like a lot of song and yanking and twisting.
Well, if you hear a lot of beer on ice, it's because I got a bucket of butt here.
You got a what?
A bucket of butt white.
You said something else.
I didn't think you said that.
Well, no.
Where the hell is that one?
The caustic email that's just coming.
Why don't you crack it up a little bit?
You sound like you're a.
I'm ill in man.
Yeah, they should kiss my fat ass that I'm actually showed up here today.
And let me say it again.
If it weren't for the fact we had this Gulf Stream stuff today, I had to call it in sick.
I just send you a text.
Really?
Yes.
Come on.
You know me.
I'm a trooper man.
I show up.
You are.
I can't find the damn thing.
Maybe I should make it.
Crank it up a little.
You sound like a 33 RPM record area.
Yeah, go to hell.
Here's the poll.
Who's the most self-hating Jew of all time?
89 vote.
Somebody says we need to add Mark Levin on there.
He's another one of those right wing talk hosts.
So to speak.
You got a beast on it.
Mark Levin, Levin, Levin, Levy, I.N.
You know that pre-its keeps coming up on my thing.
The picture you sent me.
Really?
From Vancouver, the yellow cab.
I only sent it the one time.
Oh, look at this.
Look at that.
Somebody says what George sent you about Sid is the same story I heard from a different person.
What a puss.
So evidently it might be true.
I'm not putting it on the ear.
No, it's just a so you know thing.
Yeah.
Well, why do I care?
The more you don't care about him, he's small potatoes.
He's one of those people just like somebody else we know.
Everywhere he goes, he's reviled by just about everybody and he fails.
He gets canned.
Everywhere he's got a death wish, permanent death wish.
So what is he starting here?
Well, WQM likes him, but he's got a non-compete and we have no opening.
We have no opening?
My God.
Maybe you read the tires.
He's got a big opening.
Raccoon.
Yeah, that one too.
Oh, we're telling you I'm going to be terraced so Sid can take mid days.
That's a great idea.
They love that.
They like that one.
Seven to be right up their alley, man.
Speaking of Raccoon.
That.
Most self-hating Jew of all time.
Jewelie Bremen has easiest winning hands down.
I voted for him.
Despicable.
42.
That drooling grin of his.
Oh my God.
He just makes me want a caca.
He wants me to run in there and use a new toilets.
You know, I could use a new toilet down there in plantation at the house.
I've talked about this many times and everybody's, uh, not, you know, because the water pressure, I guess, is not sufficient.
Oh, no, that's really important, especially for a fat ass like you.
What are you talking about?
Giant loads.
Incipient plushing power.
That's a relief for disaster.
That's what I need.
And not even for like mediocre loads.
Mr. Dainty.
Mr. Dainty crap.
You have to flush two or three times or something like that.
You could take a dump and a teacup, right?
I, I, I'd amaze you.
What I could do.
Yeah, I don't want to hear about it.
Give you a letter.
Anyway, the, the, the, the one toilet in the house flushes fine.
And the other one you got to do like two, three, not always.
Some time.
You got to hang around and look, you know, to make sure.
Might be some remnants.
Remnants.
That's right.
Just like a carpet sale, man, we got remnants.
Julie, we've been 42, Jackie Mason 19.
Paul Wolfowitz, eight, Alan Coleman, six, Robert Grieper for.
When I let he get on there.
I wouldn't know.
I believe.
Excellent.
Out of sight out of mind.
I agree for the Lord of the board.
He works for the IRS now.
Does he really?
Supposedly.
Yeah, he had what boy talked about.
I'm not.
He can have you out of the thing.
You're a taxes wow straight to jail.
No questions asked.
Ron silver for Richard Pearl three Ben Ginsburg to board.
Zuckerman one and David from doesn't have any.
My God, he's one of the leaders of the pack.
Speechwriter for W and a real right wing.
A Nazi bastard.
If ever there was one, David from.
I don't want to like, you know, influence your vote.
But there you go.
Now let's see what's happening on the a horsey channel here before we go on.
Because once it gets to that Tampa race, he wants to hear that.
And they're off.
He wants to hear it.
Oh, yeah.
What's the guy's name?
David Richard Richard.
The grunty.
Grender.
Quest.
Richard Quest.
Can you believe he's actually on here that I love with him on here?
I think he's awesome.
He's been basically a seven eight-year-old mile horse.
But, oh, look, here's a horse called Paco boy.
Really?
We got credentials himself.
We haven't seen him.
What track is that at?
We saw him last year in the old school.
No, it's in New York.
This is the New Yorky guy.
War is?
So must be acquittal.
I don't know.
Paco boy.
Who don't bet on him?
The fake Adam Kirschner says not sure who's going to replace it, but they need to move forward with whoever it is.
The last few weeks have been bad.
A few weeks?
He's only been offered like what?
Isn't this the first week?
The first or second?
I don't know.
Dave Lamont, Ed Burliner or Zed Burliner, PD Steve White, Jason Jackson, the remaining DOS Amigo, whichever one it is, you know, who is it?
Alan Strauss.
Yikes, it says.
Can't believe I'm going to say this, but Joel Feinberg did a better job running $7.90 than Lincoln Financial is doing.
And that wasn't much.
So there's the $5 million Dubai Shima Classic.
No, the jockeys have to wear schmokkis on their head when they ride in that race or what?
Oh, there it goes again, picking on this.
Yeah, you get another fake muzzle.
What?
I said you're going to get another fake email from the fake muzzle.
Now he keeps it up.
Oh, I got one from a fake Sri Lankan in my pile here.
Let me get to it.
All right.
I'll find it.
It's in here.
It says Scott in the panelists park who's the native of Newton mass.
He said, Bailey's that was ice cream just as good as Brigham's and friendlies.
I remember friendlies.
A hundred rubles being all that good.
I remember Fanny farmer Candies, which I always thought Fanny farmer was from Rochester.
But is that their headquarters in Boston?
Remember Fanny farmer on Washington Street?
No idea.
I remember it, but I don't know if it was headquartered in Boston.
Not good candy, by the way, Fanny farmer really sucks.
Well, here's Lincoln's secret gay life.
Abe Lincoln.
Anybody care about Abe Lincoln?
No.
I don't either.
I mean, anybody who looks like that is anybody care who he was doing.
I mean, come on.
Wow.
Oh, here's one that says Joe Rose yesterday had some screaming queen.
This is from Georgia.
And some screaming queen in the studio rating a list that Joe's audience picked
that were the hottest male athletes in Miami.
How gay was that?
And George Answers, I've lost all respect for Rose.
All fake.
That was real bad radio.
What?
All fake.
All fake.
All fake?
All fake contrived radio.
Yeah.
On this station.
That was actually Lewis, the videographer from Channel 4.
How sad.
How tragic.
All fake.
But don't tell me I've lost.
Boy, I'm losing emails.
This is bad.
I'm losing it.
What about the Ishrie Lankin guy who's always out with me?
That's what happens when you get a big pile.
Oh, here it is.
I've been holding back my anger for some time now.
Subject.
I don't smell like curry.
First of all, I never said Shreelank.
I don't know what they smell like because I've never had any contact.
I've said the Indian people smell like curry because they eat it like by the gallon.
There's some days here my whole hallway smells like it's been bathed in curry.
It says, I was listening to your show a couple weeks back.
I made a reference to my nation.
Shreelank has a curry smelling people.
Last time I checked, I did not smell like curry.
I don't use curry deodorant.
I don't hang on curry air freshener for my mirror.
Why do you think we smell this way?
I wish for you to enlighten me to this strange fascination with this logic.
Did you actually encounter a Shreelankin that works at 7-11 and handed you a curry hot dog?
Did someone behind a counter hand you some curry smelling bowling shoes?
Oh, that's good.
Bowling shoes really stink, don't they?
Like curry.
And what they do is they spray that like Dr. Sholes in there, like tons of it to cover up the stink.
It's curry scent at Dr. Sholes.
It's like not taking a shower and like using deodorant, you don't have to try to cover up the stench.
I don't understand why all 190 donations in the world do you think that Shreelankin smells curry?
I don't, I think India smells curry.
And it does.
Last time I checked, I didn't see a curry body wash in public.
That sounds really attractive, don't it?
Starting, selling it now.
You should smell yourself being locked up in an apartment with Paco over the winter.
Might not make for a warm aroma.
Hate to break the news to you, curry man, but Paco don't live here.
He's got a palatial apartment upstairs.
I should only have a place like that.
Then again, perhaps this is where the curry really is.
Respectfully yours, Shingaya, Pinswavin, or Pinswavin.
This is Pretty Quinn.
Whatever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Hello, this is Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner.
And I want to reassure everyone that by the end of the year,
is that a camera?
Please, no cameras.
I have your way.
You can have confidence in me.
And you're probably wondering why President Obama picked me to head the agency that oversees the IRS
when I neglected to pay my own tax, as well.
As you know, Ramamannuel is missing a finger.
And while the President took pity on me when he was told I only have one testicle.
Yes, it's true.
See here.
Just one tiny little testicle.
So, let me reassure you that when it comes to the economy, I have got this thing well in hand.
Oh, I'm sure you do.
I was just checking out something here.
This is if you've been to Jackson's ice cream, they're still around.
We love Jackson's ice cream.
Yes, we do.
Get stuff.
Because these...
These?
See, I told you, I got it.
I got it.
I got the crud, by the way.
Yes, I was wrong doing the voice yesterday on Joe's show was AJ R National Sales Assistant.
It wasn't doing a voice.
Well, I didn't know that.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
What's going on with Joe Rose anyway?
I don't want to start like picking on his show, but what's going on with him?
Stunk radio, man.
Stunk radio?
Have you been to Jackson's ice cream on Federal Highways, his Robert's still around?
You have a million times.
That's another reason it's a good thing I'm not there.
Although in the Eden Center here we got a great bastard Robbins.
Oh God.
What?
It's not good.
It's not?
It's supposed to be ice cream, but it's not.
It's a little like that.
What do you mean you're not getting bastard Robbins?
What's wrong?
No, it's just fine.
You know, it's okay.
It's just not like what to kind of like Briggums.
Right.
It's not like in Rochester like Donald Bob's chocolate almond fudge frozen custard.
It's not even like Swenson's.
Oh, come on.
I don't remember.
I really don't remember what the ice cream was like at Swenson's.
I remember going there.
Are they all gone?
There's that one right across from UM.
Oh.
How about that little seasur's where they used to put four pounds of salt on every pie?
No, not there.
It's gone.
It's perfect for me there.
One time.
Oh, my amy's best pizza.
What?
That's what the restaurant is there.
Oh, that's what it's called.
Yes.
Is it my amy's best pizza?
Stop at.
So you still hang around the old campus there at UM.
Well, I have to go down there every once in a while.
Sure.
I'll show you the games.
Yeah.
I used to go down there and do the games all the time.
Remember those days before your time.
Yeah.
Everyone says you were great though.
I was great.
And one of my secrets was I had a second mic.
I had a mic for the crowd noise.
I used to hang over the edge of the railing.
You know where the old press box was in Markovied stadium.
Not the one behind home plate, but the one behind first base.
Right.
Is it still there?
Well, there's the Ron Frazier building there now.
Really?
Anyway, we used to do the, from the top of the stairs, we used to set up and we put our equipment there.
And there's the hang a crowd noise mic over the edge of the railing.
Sure.
And like when somebody for the cans would hit a home run, I would crank it way up.
We made it sound like there was 50,000 people there.
We do that too.
You do what?
Hang a crowd mic.
What you ought to do is crank it up on over Zagaki the whole time.
Is he doing the baseball?
He is.
Oh my God.
I don't want to get you in trouble, okay?
Because I know that you're a big Joe Zagaki fan.
You an old penis face.
He's just horrible.
I mean, horrible is he makes Jimmy Cifilis sound like Pat Someral.
I mean, he's just a bond.
It's true.
Oh, do you hear it?
They're drilling.
This is exciting now.
I can hear about it.
I bet you can't.
I cannot.
Good.
Of course, I got my own commotion going on over here.
They're, well, they're cranking it up a little bit.
They're cranking the level butter out the door close.
They're drilling and it's thrilling because they're taking the old toilets out and they're putting the new ones in.
But they look, these toilets look the same to me as the old ones.
Hmm.
So there must be some kind of gizmo inside like a water saver or what?
Yeah.
Maybe they feel better.
Or maybe they make your doos smell better.
Maybe they vibrate.
Yeah, maybe they're vibrating toilets.
Maybe they vibrate your gas while you're sitting on the throne.
I don't know.
You said sitting, right?
I said, smitting.
Here's one.
How could we have left this name off our list?
And I apologize.
I've had two emails in this already.
Ben Stein is the picture definition of self-hating Jew.
Should be winning this hands down.
Unless I'm blind, I don't think he's even on list says,
Aloysius McGillicuddy.
Good point.
Alo.
Clear on.
We got him under Ben Stein.
Oh, what an obnoxious turd burger.
I'm not sure what's worse.
A self-hating Jew or a self-hating black person.
Muehler.
Huh?
A bigger part?
You don't have to choose.
They're both good.
Oh, now it's getting a little bit louder.
Can you hear it?
No.
You can't?
No.
The drilling is getting louder.
I could open the door.
I put some fantastic sound effects.
Wow.
Now, let me ask you this.
Since Steve's phone is there and you've got a little assistance today.
Right.
19 minutes to the first race at Tampa Bay.
By the way, don't let me forget that.
Okay.
Because of the beast's enchanted now with that.
And they're off.
I've made that a whole, I should probably record that someday.
And just play it over and over again.
You know, go ahead.
And they're off.
And the real great thing is when they're playing the replays on my HP on my racing channel in the morning.
Like they were yesterday.
Remember that George?
They were playing the replays from Tampa Bay.
And you can hear him do that like nine or ten times over many races they got.
Ten or twelve times.
The start of every race.
Some of the races are very dramatic.
Some of the other ones like he don't have a bed on it.
Don't care, yeah.
Now, did we add Ben Stein?
I hope and I pray he's on there now.
So all your people have been waiting for Ben Stein.
Go get him.
Now, I was going to say, what's the deal on the scratches and what's the story here?
Because we don't get any information.
We will.
I mean, the five horse is cracked the first race at Aqueduct, but we don't care about Aqueduct.
We're not betting Aqueduct.
Look at this one guy's name is Jason Bluitt.
Did he know Jason Bluitt VL E W I T T.
And then on the racing, the local racing thing from Woodbine, they got a chick her name is Elissa Blu.
That's her name.
Now, wouldn't you think if you were like some chick and your name was you were born with a name like that you change your name, especially if you're going to be in the media like on TV, you know, right away.
I'm Elissa Blu in childhood.
And I might say could team her up with Jason Bluitt.
I wonder if he's going to foster hew it.
I think she was at Tutsi's last night.
Don't tell me you go to Tutsi's a married man like you.
No.
Phil from Pompodosis, I was all set to vote for my for a very self-hating Jewish or Lewis.
And he wasn't there.
Who is Richard Lewis?
I don't even know who that is.
He is.
He is.
He's hot enough.
He's self-hating.
Certainly Dennis Miller belongs on there.
Oh, yeah.
Is he Jewish?
We'll put it then get him on there.
Are you kidding me?
I didn't know he was Jewish.
Dennis Miller is Jewish.
How do you ooze it?
Oh, I'm going to go.
Wait, I don't know.
I'm going to go eat crepline.
He oozes juices.
Dennis Miller?
Yeah.
Are you positive?
Are you making this up?
Are you sure?
Are you going to verify it?
Go ahead.
You check.
I don't want to look.
I'm looking.
Anyway, Richard Lewis would be a great addition to the pull.
It says, by the way, it was listening for a bit yesterday.
Found that you theoryed it was El Pacino.
And not as always, I surmised Chaz Palmentiri.
Who the hell is Chaz Palmentiri?
An actor?
Sounded just like him.
How did George have a good weekend, boys?
The fake fill from Palmento.
Chaz Palmentiri?
Yes, some actor, some character actor.
But he wasn't in the Glen Geary Glen wrong.
You would see him if you saw him.
You would know him if you saw him.
I would see him if I saw him.
What did you learn your trade?
You idiot.
Whoever told you that you could work with men.
What you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there?
To try to earn a living?
You company man?
You ferry?
Maybe Michael's jaw is still broken from a clusky's smashing him out.
Because he sounds like he's got a...
I told you this the other day.
He sounds like he's got a mouthful of food.
Yes, he does.
By the way, Dennis Miller is of Scottish descent.
Yeah, he does.
You wish.
George just makes this stuff.
He takes up noxious people and he pretends that they're Jewish.
Okay.
It's his anti-Semitic characteristic coming to the forefront again.
All we had to do is do a poll like this.
And right away, you know, next you'll have Rush Limbaugh being Jewish.
Now, who is it that just converted to Catholicism?
Dennis Miller.
No, no, seriously.
Some anxious...
I forget who it was.
Oh, Greg, you know what else is?
We don't care about you.
Greg, go away.
Delete.
I just delete his stuff.
Joe Bell says,
You and the beast talking about foods sounds like a scene from FATSO.
I'd rather listen to the real thing.
Yeah, we'd rather be doing the real thing too if we could get some food.
Here you go.
And eat on the air.
You got...
Mm-hmm.
Who, you got your food at Gulf Stream now?
Mm-hmm.
What do they bring you?
Keep it sandwiched.
Kurt Norlando sends me a link to an excellent article from the Naples Daily News, which I also just deleted.
They don't get it.
I don't have time to punch you around.
Oh, here's one.
This is excellent.
Sarcastic Sam sends me one about the Sam and Boston, no less.
White Mountain Creamery.
That place was open for about 10 minutes.
And I raved about it on the air to show the impact that I had at that time, none.
How about adding Al Goldstein to your poll?
Why is Al Goldstein self-hating?
Hasn't he, hasn't he, Scott?
Hasn't he had enough tourists in his life without somebody wanting to put on a poll like that?
Huh?
Really?
In addition to which, if he was self-hating, what do you've said?
I'm a fat Jew.
Yeah, partly.
Hardly.
Don't be picking on my buddy, Al.
Who really is a very badliness understood?
He's a sweetheart.
He's a great guy.
He is a big, a big heart.
That's right.
Small body.
He used to have a gigantic body.
Now, maybe you want that beast wants to go on the Al Goldstein diet.
Oh.
Oh, they send it to prison for a few months and then you come out and you've lost everything.
You have no money to buy food.
In fact, wasn't Al also a greeter speaking of Larry Glick?
Wasn't he also doing that greeting at a restaurant thing?
Yes, he was.
At what restaurant was that?
We forget some place in New York where you have connections.
Somewhere you used to spend a lot of money so they figured that it was something bad.
Some deli would have doubt.
Which if you were a self-hating Jew, he wouldn't have been a greeter at a...
Very good.
...who was a guy like that.
Very good, who was a guy like that?
Let's make a list of all the Jews.
What do you say?
What the fuck do they want to do?
You're a fucking idiot.
No, not too many there anymore.
We had a purge.
We had a holocaust at QAM.
Jolly Jo and Abislies did the number, man.
They dropped the poisoned gas.
Long time fan originally from Miami says,
Same, I occasionally listen to archives and live stream.
I escaped to Boston in the 90s and feel exactly the same way you do about how soft photos sucks now.
You were the B-star correct.
Boston is the place to eat until you pass out.
Eat until you die.
That's correct.
I heard you mentioned a while ago that White Mountain Creamery,
well this ice cream established and actually has one or two locations in the Boston area.
One of the Hoidi-Tuiti Suburb of Wellesley,
and I believe there's another under the BC campus.
You're right, your ice cream is very good.
Anyway, I'm glad you're still at it, the show that is.
And God, it was a good idea to lose the colors.
Stay well, Sam, in Boston.
Oh, Neil!
It's Friday, you bastard.
He's going for three.
And yes!
Three beers at once, with a new March Madness beer funnel.
The only collegiate beer bomb capable of power forwarding 36 ounces of alcohol
down your throat in a matter of seconds.
Now that's a slam dunk.
Be the ultimate bleacherscreature with the March Madness beer funnel.
Oh, oh, oh, party foul.
Not endorsed by the NCAA.
Pro 17 at 560 WQM, well, did you find out
are there any scratches in the first two races or what?
Not that we know yet.
What's that?
More kind of an answer is that.
When they're not up against it.
So, they're what?
We don't have anything yet.
Steve's going to make sure and up, but they don't have anything yet.
No scratches in the first race.
And the six opens it even money.
My one horse that I picked is nine to two.
Well, I got the six four in the doubles.
I got one, one, four, one, six, one.
Who the hell is the six?
Oh, D. Wild ride.
The wild ride with Carlos Marquez Jr.
No scratches first race.
Well, I just told you that.
I'm looking at the odds, the opening odds.
The four opens at five to two.
The one that I picked is right now a third choice.
Even road.
Who was just qualified last time out.
See, I'm a big believer that when the horse wins a race,
yeah, and gets just qualified at the next time,
they really, they really try like crazy.
You found what I'm saying?
I do.
I get it.
Doesn't that make sense to you?
It sure does.
If you get de-cued, man,
Derek Queen, just qualified and played, sir.
Forget about Derek Queen.
Derek Queen, my ass.
Yeah.
How do you do that?
I'll go get the soft.
Jimmy Stifolitic says, leave Joe Zagaki alone.
He's a great guy and a great broadcaster.
I think Beast wrote this.
I definitely did not write.
How dare you rip Joe for his looks.
Don't you remember the circumstances of his playing crash?
He almost died.
What's that guy to do with his penis face?
He was helping Hurricane Andrew victims at home,
instead of giving back to the local community,
something you should do.
Rick and Sonny love Joe and hated you.
Hank is very fond of Joe as well,
which is the only reason he's on the year by the way.
Hank Rees is very upset with how you spoke about Rick Shaw in the year.
He said, no wonder Barbara Reinery hates you.
Oh, man, the IOD, can you smell the IOD role on that page?
Can you sniff it?
Oh, yeah.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
It stinks.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
He seems like a pretty good guy.
Where do these people come up with such crap?
They pull it out of their east.
They pull it out of their east.
They pull it out of their east.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
If you formed an opinion on HR 6.75, the Food Safety Modernization Act,
my shadow, the death company questioned my, what the hell is that from Robert?
Robert must be the same one.
It might too old to be into the whole thing about one world currency.
Johnny Ola said, on a set, when he gave Michael the orange.
Ah!
On a set.
Was it?
I guess.
What are you drinking?
I'm a Zeta.
Oh, and somebody's sitting there.
Oh, Teble Bay.
What?
Oh, the erase.
Boy, you are sharp as a marble.
Oh, probably that one.
Sharp as a monster ball.
They're in the game.
I'm going to struck you, Mike Strait aboard for trainer.
Boy, just in time to what timing?
They're at the post.
They're in the gate at Tampa.
This is not erased.
Don't get panicked.
Down there, boys.
And they're off.
105 is the right.
Very sharp play.
Yeah, that was a good one.
That was pretty good.
A little oomph to it, you know?
A little bit of oomph.
Oh, here's one from Oishmoy Jew who says,
of course there are Scottish Jews, George's right.
In fact, I caught him trying to look up the kill of an Orthodox Scotsman.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
We look at a sit down comedian.
Oishmoy is right.
Well, I mean, obviously there could be a Scottish Jew.
I don't think this member is one of them.
I do.
That's more as his glacier as the day is long.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Neil God.
Come on, here.
Get away from him.
You never know you might have to cook for 20 guys someday.
You see?
You start out with a little bit of water.
And you fry some garlic.
And you throw in some tomatoes.
And tomato paste.
You fry it.
You make sure it doesn't stick.
You gotta throw a boil.
You shove it on your sausage and your meatballs.
Huh?
And a little bit of wine.
And a little bit of sugar.
And it's my trick.
Once you cut the crap.
I got more important things to do to those.
How's Paulie?
Paulie won't see him no more.
This portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears, Vajayjay.
It's hanging out, y'all.
Sure is.
Okay, 1231, a QM.
Now, let's see.
Phil Arck says,
How could you forget to include Eric Fleischer from your self-hating tool list?
Right.
Good luck with your horse race today.
And remember, bet the chalk.
Yeah.
I'll give somebody else instructions.
Then that's his whole line.
That's what he knows about horse racing.
Bet the chalk.
Expert.
Wow.
I could take his class.
First race.
Now, let's see.
I head down to 1 to 4 in the 6.
And guess who's getting bet?
1, 4 in the 6.
1 to 7 to 2.
The 4 is the second choice.
3 to 1 to 6 is even money in the first race.
We'll use all three of those in the double fight.
He can either have a $20 budget.
Why big your pardon?
He gave me 20 bucks.
Yeah.
Play with his and play with mine.
Don't play with mine.
Really?
Don't play with his.
If you didn't want me to play with it, what'd you give it to?
Clarence's don't even think about it.
Here's one that says there's a large Jewish community in the largest Scottish town in Scotland.
In fact, there's a Scottish rabbi who comes here every year to raise money for Israel.
Says Ron from Miami.
Happy Paisach.
Well, happy Paisach to you.
A seasoned Paisach.
Is it Paisach?
Coming up.
When?
Soon.
You know, Purim came and went and George never got no home in Tasha.
That's right.
Have the season Paisach.
Have the season Paisach.
Happy Paisach.
No, there ain't nobody like her.
I'll tell you.
She was the best.
And now she's dead.
Well, here's one.
A fake.
I'm a Scottish Jew, Angus McGollberg.
I think it's Angus McGollberg.
I'm throwing that out.
So there are, he's not Jewish, Dennis Miller.
Where do you get that from?
Did you just make it up?
I thought I saw something.
I thought I saw something.
Jewy things one day.
Wearing some Pais and spinning a dreidel.
Yeah, right.
You are really sick.
Okay.
Do you believe him?
He's a beast.
No, no way, Jewish.
In fact, if you would ask me, here's the definitive goy.
Is it everybody named Miller, Jewish?
No.
No.
Varnie Miller is.
Miller is not a Jewish name.
I think other people who are Jewish who are in their name is Miller, but it's not a Jewish name.
Okay.
J.M. Miller is probably way more important than you wonder, but I just cut pasted from the website I found about Judaism in Scotland.
It seems there are plenty of us there.
Says, is somebody.
Synagogues in Glasgow.
It's got a whole list.
Boy, look at that.
There's seven shules in Glasgow.
Totally got around.
Yeah, and they're going on.
J.L.J. Levy.
Oh, you don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the Levy.
I still can't believe I got after all these years, I finally figured out what they were talking about.
Stan Bertstune and Spencer Ross.
You don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the Levy, but nevertheless.
Oh, here's one.
Mohawar Davidand, I don't think so.
I think he's a very...
No.
We could say a lot of things, but not that.
That's right.
Don't go lumping him in there just because we hit him like poison.
He is though.
Get out of here.
You're just using this as an opportunity to take a shot.
That's all you're doing.
Maybe he knows something we don't.
Yeah, right.
What you used to be in there in the morning, listen to all of the big of the commentary, but I'm sure wasn't about Jews.
Oh, it was about everybody.
Me and Georgia especially.
Me and me especially.
Yeah, me especially.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You hear them tapping?
They're tapping on him the other room.
You couldn't hear that?
No.
Boy, this door must do wonders.
I got a whole story somebody sent me here about.
Fanny, farmer, candy.
Okay.
Candidate connection.
You ready for that?
I'm ready.
I'm strapped in.
It says Senator Frank O'Connor was born in 1885 in Deseranto, Ontario.
A successful businessman, a student politician, generous philanthropist, and one of the best known laymen of Canada's Roman Catholic Church.
Founder and operator of Laura Seacord, candy.
Oh, I love Laura Seacord, man.
Candy and ice cream.
Starting with a small candy store on Young Street and Fanny, farmer candy chefs in the USA.
Senator O'Connor died August 21st, 1939 at the age of 54.
And this goes on, this goes on for like three pages.
I don't know what this really has to do with Fanny, farmer with farmers Fanny, but it did mention no Laura Seacord.
God, that is some of the best ice cream in the world.
Some of the very, very best.
In fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to like leave right now, put my shoes on, and go down to the eat and center and get some Laura Seacord ice cream.
All right, and that sound good?
Bye.
Yeah, you and George can hold on. The Ford already gave you my picks.
The one in the first race is seven to two. The four is seven to two also, and the six is even money.
The six one double, I think would pay about five bucks.
But, you know, caching the ticket is better. Let's see. Here's one that says Richard Grunder is great.
His call is booming in the clubhouse. What is your trifecta for the second race of Gulf Street? I'm plunging my gut's out.
I didn't the handicap trifecta's.
Okay. Just put the one on top. The one over the three, uh, something.
These, these horse players, man, I wanted to start like turning the whole show into a like a handicapping seminar.
That should be good for about just the last hour, you know, fiber ten list news, you know.
Richard Grunder is great. He's, he's, I would say he's great. He's good.
Here's one that says from Oishmoy. Dennis Miller is a goi turd.
Well, I stand corrected then because the boy's voice says that it must be true. Yeah.
Ask Joyce Kaufman about Dennis Miller. She's a good friend of his and she has him on her show.
Oh, says Ralph.
I mean, peace off as a week and a half away.
Better go out and get the Mata. Thanks, Moy.
Yeah, that's Mr. Schmoy. Yeah, that's Mr. Schmoy to you. Go.
Go. Hey, boy, boy.
O'Connor's candy profits, sweet and Toronto charities.
This is from the Toronto star February 1978.
I'm not going to read it because it just goes on.
This guy's wife suggested they name their business, the Laura C. Court candy company.
She liked the idea of a distinctly Canadian name and said there was something good and old fashioned about the name.
That seemed ideal for a brand of homemade candies.
He painted a store white to symbolize kind of an innocent pretty name Laura C. Court in black.
The black and white color scheme of that first earth become a lasting trademark of that company ever since and that exciting.
And it goes on about the York Mills road and Victoria Park, all this Toronto stuff, which is if no one just anybody listening.
Although it is a beautiful day. It's going to be sunny and 52 today for Casio Nova.
And here's an article from August 92.
Choc American Inc said yesterday would sell its Fannie farmer candy stores to the Archbald candy corp, which operates Fannie Mae candy shops.
The transaction includes Fannie farmer trademark rights and more than 200 Fannie farmer retailers in New England, the Midwest, New York and Florida.
In New England, Fannie farmer.
If you never saw Fannie farmer candy shops, they were all over Boston.
I don't think you ever were in Boston, Beast. I believe I was. Yeah.
Well, the one is second choice. Now he's getting at these three to one.
Now, do you want me to tell you what we're betting here? Should we wait till see the odds?
Either way, 36 minutes supposed to get always change your mind.
What? Steve's here and he's ready to rock. But you know, either way, however you want to do it, we can always change our minds, right? And by we, I mean you?
No. No. Now, once you buy the ticket, I mean you could.
They'll spit on you. They'll give really up.
Well, wait. Tellers. Well, what then? How's that until you say?
Let's wait about 20 minutes.
But it looks to me like I got the four horses not that anybody else so who can we deform wouldn't have the same three.
The one four and the six in the first race with the one in the second race.
Nick says the flush valve float level may be set low in my house, raising the flow allow more water storage in the tank, allowing the toilet to flush properly.
Ah, he's wrong. He's wrong. How do you know?
Because I've checked it. Do you think I've opened up the taking the top off that toilet and taking a look at a puke in there to see why it doesn't flush properly?
And you know about toilets. You know how to chat.
I know. Just believe me.
You know how to fix the ballcock if it breaks.
What?
I do. Yeah, bet. It's done it often. Sounds like it's right up your alley.
Oh, yeah.
Harriqite.
It's NFL season again.
You've got your remote.
Your beer. Your nachos.
But if you got your dictionary.
Now the Dennis Miller is joined Monday night football.
You're going to need a dictionary just to understand what the hell he's talking about.
You know, Kurt Warner has such a jingoistic strategy on the field.
I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't instigate a pre-conflict coup d'tat.
Cha-cha-cha.
For only 1995, this quick reference book will help you look up over 50,000 words Dennis may use during the telecast.
Tarell Buckley was certainly pale male there.
I mean, before you know it, he's going to start babbling some polytheism dribble via a synodist consultant.
Don't spend another Monday night scratching your head.
Get your copy of the Dennis Miller dictionary.
Call 1-800-Dennis Speaks.
That's 1-800-Dennis Speaks.
What's the problem with Randy Moss today?
He couldn't catch a cute malaria if he consumed some dried mosquito brisketa in a quarantined panamanian hemophiliac triage.
You know, now operators are maintaining a stationary position of anticipation.
Yeah, baby. Do it again.
Call 46 at 560 WDQM.
Here's some more of these great emails.
David Woodworth, who's a real imbecile.
Always.
What's Tampa Bay R-R dot com with Ozan?
Railroad.
Get Tampa Bay Railroad.
I've been working on a railroad.
He says, Neil, so this is what it's been reduced to.
Turn on the monitor and take some damn calls with Tenexlamation marks.
The answer to that very simply is no chance.
Blow it out your ass, David.
Really enjoyed your five-and-dimes, sir, though, Woolworths.
Enjoy the lunch counter.
Nice news.
Did you like the insurance anymore at all?
Do they five-and-dime?
No.
But what did he all not?
Because it cost more now.
How about Dollar-Rahalor?
That's what it's about to buy some spots.
Dollar-Rahalor on the show.
One of the first races, three to one.
The four, seven to two.
And the six is still a favorite, but up to six to five.
But why is it taking money?
Sonny.
Eight.
Paul says Miller does a weekly spot on Bill O'Reilly.
And his reference to a couple of times that he was born a Catholic,
but is no longer a practice in Catholic bottom line.
Not a Jew.
Okay.
No chance.
I thought no way, Jose.
What?
I just thought because his name is Miller and he's in show business.
And I saw him wearing a pay-ascent spinning a dreidel one day.
Oh my god.
Look at this.
This is the same John Z. T. R. again.
The same idiot with a different name as yesterday.
Remember the first email yesterday?
Sure.
But that's okay.
Keep him coming.
Keep all the good.
That's what makes it go.
And now that I got the new toilet,
so I'm going to really want to go a lot.
Oh, the one is seven to two, the four, three to one.
They're bouncing around those three.
And the seven is taking some money.
It's five to one.
Who the hell's the seven?
Oh, they're drilling again.
Do you hear it?
No.
Actually the grade.
No shot.
Who?
You just mind your peas and peas.
Do you hear them drill them?
No, no.
I'm watching Tara McNamara walk by.
That's like in the business.
Well, well, here's the Sri Lankan, my friend again.
Sinjaya.
You should join us for the finest Sri Lankan tea on Fridays
and other things.
At Hong Fuk Tong on French Avenue in Midland, Toronto.
Hong Fuk Tong.
The Chinese love you as well.
It'll be a celebration of both cultures.
Don't be a Guorum G-I-R-U-M.
Bless you and be well.
What is a Guorum or is that mean Guorum?
Maybe.
What does that mean?
G-I-R-U-M.
Maybe it's a Greek Guorum sandwich.
Maybe that's a Sri Lankan word.
A G-I-R-U-M.
A G-I-R-U-M.
Rodgers says I'm a long time listener because you're funny,
but I'm matters of politics, polices, et cetera.
You're a complete hypocrite as our most liberals.
But that's right, liberals bad.
Not he's good.
That's right.
You take a person with Jewish because he doesn't agree with you.
He's self-hating.
How does that work?
He hates you, not himself.
A self-hating Jewish should be defined as one who's stupid enough
to vote for politicians who support anti-Israeli causes.
Oh, there we go.
Oh.
Israel first.
Oh.
It says the moment someone disagrees with the liberal horrid,
they become self-hating.
The first time to cure any problems to admit it exists.
You are a hypocrite.
Admitted in this Chancellor's Recovery, stick to comedy, love Rodger.
Blow it out to your ass, Rodger.
Rodger what?
Oh, yeah, Rodger Kaputnik, yeah.
Nice name there.
Yeah, your boy is trying really hard, John ZTR,
but failing miserably lightly.
Oh, he gets an A forever.
No, he gets a Z for over the top.
Over the top.
ZTR?
That's right for ZTR.
I think they're getting close to being finished with my toilets.
You need to try it out.
No, I'm not going to try it out.
How am I going to do that?
I mean, I know how, but.
Well, the forest taking money now,
there are sixes up to seven to five, the forest five to two,
and the one is seven to two.
Yeah, this is what it's come to, David Bloodworth.
Oh, and that was on again yesterday.
Was that?
There will be blood.
Oh, there will be bloodworth?
There will be bloodworth.
Yeah, and it was right at there.
I'd like to take some of these emailers and just use that Boeing pin on them.
I wasted it on the Fony Reverend.
Right.
Finished?
All those Fony Reverend, we know we'd like to use it on it.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Him and the boyfriend.
Somebody gave me a ticket and I just now looked at it and it's for Tampa Bay.
For which race?
The second race?
It's off.
These are going to translate.
Oh, it's already over with.
Race two.
Yeah.
He boxed something.
I don't even know what this means.
Boxed the one, the three and the seven.
In what?
The exact is the exact box.
Yes.
I'm going to use it on the Fony.
Well, I don't know who Tampa Bay, let's see.
Well, that's race one result.
Race two is over when then we missed it.
See, that would have been exciting.
Damn it.
I'll be there when you didn't tell me.
I didn't know.
Unless.
Unless they didn't show it yet.
I'm sure they showed it live.
23 minutes to the first of Gulf Stream.
And these guys are out there making a lot of noise.
The toilet guys.
Post the here's the post braid for the first race of aqueduct.
A minute to post.
Why'd you just fit all the tracks?
OK.
Unless somebody gave you a ticket.
Is what you said?
Somebody gave me a ticket.
Apparently, I did not catch.
Steve Sloan is making a thumbs down motion.
In other words, it didn't come in.
No, it didn't win.
Is he sure that?
Yeah, he sure.
Hey, Steve, are you sure?
Well, that's probably the best thing.
Thank you, whoever gave me this thing.
They didn't give you a squat.
They better for themselves.
It lost them.
They gave you the ticket.
Trying to put it in the big shots.
Don't you understand?
No.
It didn't come in.
So they gave you a losing ticket.
What's the big deal with that?
You can you can reach down on the floor.
You can go outside like depot us and kick around all the losing tickets.
Try to find a winner.
Somebody threw away.
What a bastard.
Yeah, in a basket.
I play that.
I'm here.
So.
Well, Beast ain't going to play it.
We'll just have to make sounds with our mouths.
Come on, come on, come on.
Twenty-one minutes till the third at the Tampa.
See, they're awfully slow putting up the first race.
The seven paid 65-50 to win.
Thirty to one shot won the first race at Tampa.
I've mentioned Richard Grundage or whatever his name is.
It was just a click in his gut shot.
What?
The announcer, he was probably going nuts.
Thirty is thirty a one to one shot.
One to first race.
So I got to sit here and wait to see the Steve is positive that you're a tickets elusive.
Yes.
The number two horse did something.
Stay on the microphone Steve, I can't even hear you.
Wait, we got to pot him up.
Yeah.
The number two horse won the one the second race at.
You had the one twenty six seven.
Oh, you lost.
Okay, I can tear this up.
Oh, wait a minute, objection.
I am Jack.
That's the way to do it after every race.
If you lose this scream out, I object objection.
The fake ducks is George had no about her.
Connie Zimit.
She used to go speak at all the radio broadcasting schools.
A great voiceover challenge.
Her and Lipschitz used to get all the work in the 90s.
Whoever that is.
So how would I know that?
I never went to no broadcasting school.
Didn't you go to Connecticut school of broadcasting?
I thought I'd been this.
I taught at Connecticut school of broadcasting.
The fake Tom Jicke says 97 GTR's patty Murray died 20 years ago last two day.
The day after St. Patty's day.
Do you remember her?
Yeah, we remember Patty.
Remember her?
Yes.
Never met her though, but I never met her either, but she died.
I remember that.
What's always easier as me yelling for Hank Goldberg.
Hank is there.
Yeah, somebody's got to go get him.
He just thinks that people are shouting his name like their fans in his.
Maybe they are.
Well, they may be good at us.
Tell him I should have looked.
He just walked by.
He can't even hear anything.
He just walking by like he doesn't care.
He's probably plunging his guts out.
He's got important bets to make.
He's not.
Sure.
Pouching around what he's, you know, $5 on this and $2 on that.
Although, you know, with today's economy, who knows?
That's right.
Maybe he can tell something for us.
Well, his buddy is Nick Zito and he's got that one in the second race that I'm in love with.
I love that.
I have a horse for fathers.
Oh, the one on the first race is up to four to one.
The four is five to two and the six out of five.
I think Steve ought to go make your bets.
Okay.
$4.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
How much are you going to bet?
Me and the beast are both going to bet $20 for the day.
How's that?
For the day.
Spend our money.
Well, here's the deal.
Steve's right in it down.
$4.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
$4.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
now can I'm a kid livestock. I can't compare myself to something that is halfway wrong. Aqu um...
andere
It's only Right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might
Be happy take it day
West West West West
Happy again day
West West West West
Pull down da pee
West West West West
One pull, boom, boom, boom
Pull down da pee
Two pull, boom, boom, boom
Pull down da pee
Buck feet
Pull down da pee
one two five sixty WQM happy Friday is this what it's come to
yeah yeah yeah yeah take some calls what right hey can you see
Laurel Park from where you sit Laurel Park two minutes to the
second race why somebody gave me another ticket somebody from
Chicago who listens to us on his iPhone from there all the
time. The one is the heavy favorite $2 exact the box one three
eight five those are the three versus the game bed you got a
shot the one is seven to five favorite three is five or two
and the seven is nine to two. It's exciting yeah this race
actually hasn't gone off yet so. Now this is a minute to
go in fact let me get back on Laurel there it is there's
Laurel right now. Okay I don't think he's here one three five
those are the only three that are getting better the two is
six to one he's taking a little money we have my new toilets
in oh yeah did you test drive it no I did not and when you
lift up the lid it's got a happy face on it. What yeah they
have a happy face on the lid from the toilet really yeah with
some with some ad for something better than a crappy face.
They're going to the gate at Laurel turning for home there's
given talent on the one is a six to five. What you
really want is the three in the five the one is six to
five you get the favorite of them and have a price how much is
it the $2 exact about. Yes. Pretty well. Wow. Red craft he did.
In this nice this is a great new feature we got people
bringing George tickets for races that haven't even run yet right.
That the Tampa thing was a scan. Well that was that seven for
long so at the mile. I'm sure he gave it to me before the
ref went off and I'm rising the mood number two Dave
Robyn likes is the best bet on today's cardin with good
reason clearly.
Better be better move.
Dazzling success eight to five five to two red crafty. Okay
let's hear how this now. There sounds at Laurel Park. I
don't know who he is.
One mile second wire in there off. Watch the phone
bubble and there are. They're off fireman.
The early one baseball diamond from the outside and red
crappy.
The two watch for his recovery.
He's a rich.
It's one of my side Johnny and one of the moon at the tail of
the field eight lengths. Well, David Woodward.
You're me.
The way I'm a nice guy. What would I trust you get your
outside now to come to lead. Baseball diamond is in third.
Dazzling success right there on the bit early in fourth and
watch the phone rising of the moon and east side Johnny.
Three four seven.
One right now until the far turn run red crafty leads in a
length and a quarter from fireman and Dazzling success in
the third spot followed by watch the one on the outside.
One of the last time three will be okay rising in the
moon another five.
He's three on one.
And now the five is a turn in their mile three and a half
for long to raise red crafty.
Dazzling success continues a solid bit into second.
Fireman is in third watch the moon on the tree.
Right here.
You're going to get five on the right one.
His father is in the moon now.
He doesn't off the lead, but Dazzling six.
He's watching it.
There's the monitor that I can't see and I'm watching.
I'm on red crafty watch the phone then rising.
One is taking the right heavy fair.
Five is coming.
You can use that stuff.
Dazzling success getting away in a Malcolm Franklin from
red.
Three is going to be watching the phone and rising of the moon.
Oh, the food just came back off the rail.
It's coming back at him again.
He's not going to read crafty dress up just a bit.
Pretty interesting.
You don't usually see that in serve.
I gave you the ticket.
Very one.
You guys driven home under Franklin to win by a couple of
blanks.
I pay much.
But hey, considering what a country watch the phone about the
five finished third.
One three five should have had the triple.
Wow.
Nice going George.
Thanks, Chicago dude.
How do you like that?
It's over the board.
It's on races that we didn't know nothing about.
Let's see how that first race of Gulf Stream is shaping up
on the odds.
One is four to one.
The four is seven to two and the six is still even money
favorite.
All right.
There you go.
So what happened to the Humper?
Do you run away from us?
He had a meeting as a matter of fact,
let me see if I can remember the quote exactly.
I'm on my way to a meeting and I'm late for already told
George that I love him and I hate that f in place.
That's what he said.
Tell George that I love him.
Yes.
I sent a crony over to drag him over to the table,
but he was on his way to a meeting that he was late for.
And he hates this f in place.
This f in place.
I can't imagine why the radio station is what he was talking about.
I know what you're talking about.
Can't imagine why can you know we could just speculate.
Rock solid.
You could share theories about that.
Paul Smith, who's the fake John ZTR obviously.
This is the last time I'll write to you until you stop
with the bashing of Joe B Jimmy C and Joe Z.
These men have dedicated their lives to journalism
and you've turned into a radio blowhard with horse racing
and roller skating.
Stop now and listen to me to get your ratings back up.
You need to help put the callers back on the spice up the show
along with emails.
This is my last email until you make the changes I told you to.
God bless you and God bless America.
Paul who loves soft food, stop hating and start loving John 316.
Oh, how lame.
Just wait till we get the roller skates on the horses.
Seven minutes till post-time at Gulf Stream.
Tampa Bay.
Four minutes till the turd race.
Somebody ought to bring you tickets for the Tampa Bay racers.
One before the race runs.
Yeah, I'll just start shouting out to people.
Hey, can you, can you go to get ticket?
Just bet anything.
They'll do it.
Look how generous these people are.
How much did that exact to pay?
I don't know.
Probably not much, probably about five bucks.
Two charges.
I'm excited and says I didn't pay for the ticket.
It's all profit for me.
Yeah, whatever you get here, case or rather.
I hear it. Somebody just laid another one on me.
What is it for?
Tampa Bay down Gulf Stream.
No, this one.
Race one.
Five dollars to win on the four.
Four dollars to win on the four jurors.
On the first race.
Well, let's see.
The four horse is seven and two.
That's not bad.
Nine bucks.
It's like 2250 if it comes in.
More or less.
I don't get my money though.
Four would be good.
I want to see how much this ticket was worth it.
I just want.
Laurel Park.
Oh my God.
And Marilyn, no, it's in Baltimore.
Oh, the post-break for Gulf Stream now.
Derby Day on the road to the Kentucky Derby.
So we're sort of getting in that field with the three-year-old filly's going to sixes.
We have four to five on the six.
Every child trying to get her back to the beginning.
That's a truck.
That's a truck scoring the Devona Dale.
They fill our take the truck and stick it back.
Then you'll have a white ass forever.
Very speedy contest.
Yeah, it looks like a very speedy contest.
But you know, you've got a horse near a call Gator Edge who, uh, you don't know what this horse can do.
He's one of the flat two races by combined.
Uh, 16 or 15 or 16.
Let's or something like that.
So only a six horse feel but a very interesting race.
It's interesting.
It's interesting.
On a little.
Not this race.
And just wanted to mention before we get going, uh, anybody out there handicapping.
We've been real, real strong headwind coming into the stretch.
Just watching the flag during the national anthem.
It was whipping up.
So, uh, if you use that when you're factoring the handicapping, I make sure.
I want to love it.
You know, realize it.
We'll let you know if it stops.
It certainly has an effect on speed horses, I think, as they come into the stretch and suddenly get that headwind for the first time.
And then they tube their guts out.
I know.
I know.
Whether conditions as we go throughout the car, we're going to start it off with a starter allowance race for fillies and mayors.
All of them.
Five minutes till post-time.
We go.
So let's do the break because we don't want to miss the race, right?
Okay.
I want $11 by the way.
Because did you really?
Are you serious?
Yeah.
That's a pretty heavy $3.
Exactly for a one for the chalk and the second choice.
Boy, you are the lonely a few bucks, man.
Poor guy, I'd bet down to five to two.
So, he's second surest.
Okay.
And they're all in life.
They're in a gate.
And they're off.
The wild ride.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
Not three.
They're running quarter and four and three.
Three of them race right together.
They're on a list.
If they're all tight they're both along the rail then the wild ride is actually the great.
And even more.
I can see four links behind.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can see it.
And before I'm taking a 4045, I was coming to get that five out of it.
And the six is coming outside the leaders third.
The wild ride is making us great.
Surely.
The four is alive.
True will is gone on the inside.
and even rolled. We don't have to six.
Six. Even in the type act.
Well, the far turns semi-vandemi to wild ride.
Actually the great on the outside.
Even rolled very wide but progressing.
So clearly. Come on.
Let's go. These are like under hands and hands.
And there are into the track.
Get in.
Right.
On the far outside.
That is actually the great.
The one is going to win the race.
That's going to be like.
Yeah. Outside and the one in a job.
One six.
The wild ride is back in the second.
When I tell you one one.
Don't any bar.
All right. Take the opener.
I am a freaking genius.
One six.
One six.
One six.
One.
We're in.
Yeah, we're in.
Well, and that ticket that the guy gave you unfortunately
before puke his guts but never let.
How is that?
And the one was four to one.
So he was the longest of the in excellent.
So you double might not be all that bad.
If I wanted to second race.
Oh, look at that.
There.
Tampa.
And.
And.
The hell.
And.
There are.
Okay.
There they go.
Wow.
This is this is a lot of pressure today.
I feel like I'm under and both my toilets are in.
I took a I took an inaugural celebratory leak in my small
bathroom.
The new toilet.
And boy, you talk about the flush those things flushed up
really wow like turbo.
If you ever dropped something in there and flushed by a
mistake for you, you'll never see it again.
In Lake Ontario.
David Woolworth said to me, I'm blocking his ass.
He's an idiot.
Said me crap about Gulf Stream.
Go to hell.
Yeah.
Go away.
Uh.
Jay and Miami says you said your new toilet had a smiley
face.
It said shivers all through me.
And why the hell is that?
I don't know.
Well, I'll read it.
Who's y'all can it up over there?
That's the thing.
I think you're funny.
Yeah, I'll show him something funny.
That's not funny.
That's not a lot.
I'll take that back at it.
Something to laugh at.
Two or seven or one is leading at the Tampa.
Oh, then it's a link to not find the back.
Tech seat cap in the shadow of the wire.
This guy's a maniac.
This Richard Schmendrick.
Crunder.
He's good.
He's very down under.
You should get him on the other side.
Here's the one that says smiley face question mark.
When you just said your new toilet seat at a smiley face
on it since shivers all through me.
Are you aware of the numerous young college men who
have been murdered by the so-called smiley face killers?
All of them from the Northeast USA across the Northern
border between USA and Canada and Illinois.
I'm wondering if one of the workers from the toilet
company could be one of the killers.
Probably the smiley face killers.
Oh, here comes the whatever that is.
Rainbow fighter.
He was second taxi cap third and valid currency.
A trouble for it.
So what's the four one double going to be?
Is they up yet to doubles?
I don't know.
Steve.
Steve is the expert.
He'll know.
No, he's watching.
He says of course Hank won't come over to George.
Why didn't he tell me he was on here?
Another example of slacker activity.
He just won't get off your ass.
Heath is a fat, shut-in stalker, crank, chronic.
I think it's you.
Probably got scabs all over his body.
Yeah.
Skabies.
Chris says there was a nice news story in Key Largo back in the
early 80s, but it's gone now.
I want to let you know I'm seeking help after my.
Where's DFO email a couple weeks ago?
I remember that one.
Yeah.
Where's DFO?
Keep up the good work.
Have a good weekend.
Chris and David.
Well, thank you, Chris.
I'm glad you're reforming.
OK?
Anybody that's going to get all dead out of shape about?
Where's DFO?
Oh, you know, I think there's a way to look at it.
And I'm going to generalize there are people who have been on
the Uranus market or any market over a period of years who have
been significant and those who have been relatively insignificant.
You would, would you agree with that?
Sure.
For more, I sit DFO is and has been always insignificant.
The one is opening it to the one second choice of 69 to 5.
Well, that's good.
That's a good sign.
That's a good sign.
Who's the sixth in the second race?
George.
Oh, spin master.
Thank you.
Spin master.
No, the one is eight to five favorite now.
All right.
And this is the.
Oh, John.
No, wait a minute.
What's the one?
John Velasquez is on the sixth.
Good, right?
I'll count the sermos on the one of four fathers.
As opposed to God.
Five is the one is eight to five the four five and six.
All only two horses are getting bet here.
So it's a wide open race.
I, so we got to hope for our one one double.
I told you the one on the first race.
Didn't I?
Yes, you didn't even wrote.
Didn't I tell you the horse that got disqualified last time?
Are we going to be going to place any more bets for this second race?
Why do we have to do that?
We don't have four to five four to five heavy chalk.
We got six bucks left.
That's right.
And our budget.
Well, you can cover yourself.
Let's see.
Which of the other horses do we think has got a shot?
And.
Doctor pleasure.
The three.
You know.
Absolutely.
Little cheap.
I'll be racing.
Some good races though.
I'm not going to be racing.
Neil, the one one will pay $39.40 for.
Get out of here.
Okay, don't believe me.
The one one double is going to pay $39.40.
That's what it says.
And you guys have got $4.00 doubles.
That's $78.80.
I'll take it.
$80.50.
Yeah.
You got to be.
Who would have ever believed it?
Who would have ever believed it?
I like that one.
I like that one.
Well, I guess if he's going to pay that much,
you can cover your bets.
You can bet.
How much you got left?
Six bucks each.
So you can bet three dollars to win.
Okay.
And the three and three dollars to win on the four.
Okay.
I like it.
You like what?
With every one.
Well, no, I'm just saying those horses are five to one.
If they win 12, 18, you get 18 bucks back.
You get your most of your money back.
That's fun.
And of course, Georgia's already got 11 bucks.
The one is three to five.
That's a very generous double.
I may have a little bit of me.
I'd have been like a $20.01 one.
For $390 bucks.
What?
Can't go back now, camera.
Well, it's now what I told you.
The one and one at the beginning before even the show started.
I said I love the one.
You told us what to bet.
How much?
But didn't I tell you I loved the one and one?
Did I tell you?
Yes, I did.
Well, this one here come in yet.
Twenty-one minutes to the second race.
Thirty-nine, forty, that's a shocking.
Now, who's making your bet?
So they just keep making your bet.
Three bucks to win on the three and three bucks to win on the four.
For you and Fetzal.
That'd be more specific when you say that in this place.
Comey.
Comey.
That was Chris.
Chris is old news.
Okay.
Oh, I'm going to send those checks out one of these days.
I'll take one.
No, you're not getting nothing.
All you would do is turn it into fat.
Frank says you mentioned Patty Murray.
I had a metcom at what an isolated.
I used to hang out with her at the keggan can in and Miami lakes back in the day.
We used to shoot pool and chat a lot.
Very humble down the earth.
Not big headed airtiles that everyone should bow to them.
She had a sister who was smoking hot.
They came to the keggan can and once in a while with her.
I personally think that Patty had the hots for
a sister.
Never.
Never came with anything.
Frank.
Little piece of the past.
He didn't get a little piece or a big piece but nevertheless.
She was a much loved there at the IOD building.
Penny Murray.
She got killed in the car crash.
That is correct.
Wow.
And here's the sad twist.
They dedicated that van to her and they put a plaque on it.
A month later they changed GTR to the coast.
Sold the van.
Nice.
Even when you're dead they treat you like crap.
That's right.
Even in death they treat you like garbage.
20 minutes till the second race and your one horse is four to five.
Confidence is high.
Well if I make you guys any bucks that would be that'd be sweet.
Yeah.
Bernie made off self hating Jew.
No I don't.
He's just a crook.
He's not a self hating Jew.
They don't get it.
But when do they?
They don't understand what that means.
They don't you're right.
They don't get it all.
Okay so we got 19 minutes to kill.
Let's take this break because we got to start moving ahead.
You know push ahead.
Right.
Hmm.
This is this is the biggest payoff we've had pending so far.
Yeah.
We got 50 bucks.
We got 50 bucks to win on the one for Rick.
Right.
And if he goes out by the money means he gets a hundred bucks.
I'm glad to play the long.
So far what if the one large stumbles coming out of the gate and finishes last by 20
lengths.
What are you going to say then Mr. Hodge?
Well it's entertainment man.
Don't count your winnings until they hatch.
No it's all good fun.
It is the screener.
It's Friday you were still.
Hi everybody welcome.
Martha this be heated are awesome.
I don't know what you made him with.
My very favorite cow dog.
What?
That's crazy.
You made these fajitas from your dog that just died in the kennel.
I would be silly not you don't you think?
Oh yeah.
That would be over silly.
Pungent flavor.
Martha this is wrong.
Don't worry about it.
They taste very very differently.
Yeah they taste like dog.
I love it.
They cannot be frozen and not too stiff.
Yeah that's right.
So you people at home when you spot fresh roadkill remember to scrape it up.
Fresh home before the rigor mortise sets in and make it into fajitas immediately.
Martha you've been eating those mushrooms again haven't you?
Oh yes.
Let me write that.
Okay one thirty one and five sixty WK we're only twelve minutes away from the second race of Gulf Stream.
And George and the beast are both sitting on pins and needles.
Right and yes I'm going to have to listen on the radio or something like that.
This guy Tom has a horse in the fifth race and he gave me a ticket for that.
He's got a horse he owns.
Apparently that's what I understood.
Whoa.
Well don't you don't just say it on the air.
Okay I won't.
Because then you'll lock his price down.
Right.
So I ain't gonna.
But thank you Tom.
Well you're becoming a degenerate gambler now this is bad.
That's good.
People are bringing you tickets.
You're well that's the best part.
That's the best way to gamble.
Yeah.
It's the J. Edgar Hoover School of gambling.
If I win I win if I lose I still don't.
Six to five out of one still a heavy favorite.
Five to two on the three.
He's taken money seven to two on the four and five to one on the five.
The other two in the six no shot outsiders.
And 13 minutes to post.
Okay here's the poll.
Who is the most self hating Jew of all time?
Julie Roman 91.
Jackie Mason 30.
Paul Wolfowitz 13.
Alan Combs 11.
Michael Savage 10 Ben Stein 10.
Mark 11 8.
Ron Silver 8.
Right Cone 6.
He should have a million.
Bernard Goldberg 6.
Robert Creeper the Green Reaper to order the board 6.
Mort Zuckerman 4.
Richard Pearl 4.
David from 4.
Aary Fleischer 3.
And Ben Ginsburg just obnoxious.
You can't even look at him.
He's got three.
You know who that is Ben Ginsburg with the orange hair?
Yeah.
Oh.
Can't even look at him without getting.
Oh just vomit sick.
Let's see.
Bayley's we are.
Do you remember Bayley's ice cream from Boston?
Yes.
I know.
I never heard of Bayley's.
I heard of Bayley's Irish cream.
But yep.
Oh boy.
There's some real stuff here.
A Catholic priest reached Rihrelo on 6 of these charges.
He's out in another conviction today.
A sentencing hearing for the Reverend Thomas Tzar is occurring this afternoon.
In Eastland County about 100 miles west of Fort Worth, Texas.
Jurors took about 50 minutes to decide that Tzar molested and sexually assaulted
an 11-year-old boy in 1990.
The Fort Worth Catholic diocese had assigned him to work in rural Eastland County
largely unsupervised despite his long history of sexual misconduct in the diocese of Worcester Mass.
Going around.
I know these are all isolated incidents, all 50,000 of them.
Well, an interesting about Abe Lincoln.
Anybody here where Abe Lincoln was gay or not?
I was supposed to keep their voice.
At that point, no.
I don't think he's probably feeling too gay right now or giddy.
Eleven minutes till post-time.
The one is hanging in there at 6 to 5.
The reason the devil is so good is because the one on the first race was 4 to 1
and didn't get hit hard in the doubles.
Then they have little faith in my 1-1 double.
According to Jeff Samman's professor of history with New York University,
Abraham Lincoln shared a bed with another man.
Josh was speed for four years beginning when Lincoln was 28 and speed 23,
a well-known fact that is not in dispute in and of itself.
But what right and left contend, what right and left contend over is the question
of whether to men sharing a bed even over long period of time indicates a sexual relationship
or was merely a pragmatic response to the times when living spaces were not often heated
and such sleeping arrangements between men didn't necessarily carry anything more.
They just slept real close and you know, uptightened out of sight.
Jam up and a jelly tight, whatever that was.
Calling speculations about Lincoln's sexuality, we vision this rumor as the newsbusters
out of Carlson said that the segment calls into question whether Lincoln,
creditor of the mansivator of America's slaves, might not have been a racist,
who viewed African Americans as inferior and it goes on.
Lincoln actually just sleep in the same bed with the gentleman for four-year period,
for the gentleman.
So the question of Lincoln's sexuality still remains a mystery and this goes on and on and on.
Thank God we got the race coming up.
Yeah.
The one is seven to five going up a little bit and the three is five to two and the four is seventy-two
and the five nine to two.
Four horses getting bet in a six horse race.
And you got three of them covered.
All right.
Of course you don't want to three because if the three comes in at seven bucks and you got a three dollar win ticket
that's like ten fifty.
You don't want to bet twenty bucks and get ten fifty back.
Not really.
But yeah, one is a good.
The one is three to two that's a five dollar horse and for what's his name again?
Ricky.
Rick.
For Rick five bucks two fifty, one hundred and twenty five bucks waiting there.
Just like sticking your finger and picking you know as man just picking a big fat booger out of there.
Dirty rotten teeth robber authorities are looking for a man with poor dental hygiene after robberies at five South Florida banks.
Well, he must be a Brit no doubt.
The dirty rotten teeth robber.
Hmm.
Just some crap.
I'm just looking on here to see if anything worth while can I say the names of the horses so we can at least enjoy that.
Matt.
What do you mean say the name?
I'm calling the race now.
I'm putting on the call of the race.
Jesus the one is four fathers.
The three is doctor pleasure in the forest power game.
There you go.
Matt.
Jesus got all mighty.
Oh, me.
You bastard.
Fuck, fuck, Friday.
You bastard.
Hey, we're watching the game.
They need a lot of five points to cover his sprint.
May the best woman win.
Now here's how to win.
Are they easy?
I believe I'm going to win.
In a short time you may be the one who's a real fucking.
You and the office crowd.
Snow the final floor is going down.
And you're holding your laptop on the back of the cash and cleaning the floor.
Well, I guess if you win, Mula, you did good for yourself.
Well, some you'll start to take some.
I'm picking random good boy.
Got plenty of experts just my doubt.
You was better than go at choosing options.
Or just guess that my face is smarter.
How let's watch the trial.
You ain't done anything ever again.
You're too busy filming bracket now.
When my sadness comes around.
No one pulling around.
I've got to get back to work.
What's wrong with you?
Get busy.
Oh, boy.
The three is taking all the late money.
Not good.
Oh, well, three is three to two.
The one is five to two.
Four is three to one on a five is nine to two.
Three is taking all the late money.
Dr. Pleasure with the Julian Leparou.
Leparou.
Froggy.
So there you go.
That's where we are.
Two minutes till post time.
Great.
The tension is building.
You can cover with a butter knife.
I got my two new toilets installed in there.
What a day.
Well, the three went up to eight to five.
And now the one is down to five to two again.
The one is the next Zito horse.
The Humper should have given you a tip on that.
Toady whether it was the lock of the century or a stiffer one.
You know, something.
So Hank saw you and he ran the other ways that we didn't tell him.
He was on his way to a meeting.
Well, if he could see you, how could you see him?
I mean, I realized it's a big target.
Okay.
Well, we're in the, you know, the breezeway because you sat right in front of it when we were doing the autographs.
Yes.
And he was walking down one end of it.
We're on the other end of it.
Yeah.
And so we saw him, but he didn't see us.
Oh.
It was in a meeting.
He's on his way to a meeting that he said he was late for.
With the heads of the five families.
I'm sure it was a ESPN production meeting.
Oh, that's right.
For the Florida Derby tomorrow.
That's right.
The Humper will be on that telecast right?
I'm sure.
Speak up a little bit.
Okay.
I'm sure.
Right.
You better get with it.
You got 80 bucks riding on this one horse.
My God.
Oh, now the one just got hit back down to two to one.
One was reason nine to five.
One second late money.
That's a good sign.
Let's go back to the channel with the race.
They're there going to the game.
Father's back in action.
And even money this afternoon is a one mile race.
There's a $48,000 purse for this group.
And four fathers.
A horse who was mentioned as a potential Gulf Stream Park.
Andy Caphorse a couple of weeks back.
And goes into this spot today looking to score big for the NX-0 team.
Yeah.
You better hold on.
The logical choice.
I like how the doctor pleasure to three horse ran last time out.
This one who won the previous race at this level was up at
Saratoga.
He won that race by like eight in the quarter lengths that was back
on August 10th.
Now he's turning back to a mile.
I look at that.
It's really impressive.
A local return at nine for a long.
He's scored early.
You clearly he defeated 62,500.
Allowance optional claimant.
Yeah.
Shut him up.
They're in the gate.
They're all in.
The one broke great.
One's going right to the lead.
The five of the five.
The five of the five.
But he's the best in doctor pleasure is right behind him.
What Storma may close up for how are game this fit.
He's five.
Are you able to see it?
Yes.
Home town boy.
Right behind if they leave the shoot.
Five to one.
Master.
Five to one.
No one dictating the face here.
Hey.
I don't know.
Four and twenty four and one.
And they're clear by two over doctor pleasure.
Four father.
One is the third and moving to the second.
Oh, the five is nine to two.
Another home town boy is closer now.
The five is the one we definitely don't want because you may have him covered.
But the one is coming through on the inside.
Continue up the back stretch.
Spin master.
Move it.
It's moving.
Four father.
The doctor pleasure right there to the outside.
That it's power game home town boy in Storma and May.
It's down four and a half lengths off the lead.
This is ten.
47,5,5.
Five, 1,3,4.
Spin master.
Violet.
The one's looking like he's weakening here.
But no, I don't know.
Not either way.
You're watching the inside.
Then power games.
Storm and May.
Come on.
Just one one in this piece.
Home town boy is going to slap him.
Slice him.
I don't think the one's got a shot.
It's not there in front.
When three quarters and one out there comes here comes here.
Come on.
He's got a chukin' his duck sound.
Here comes.
In second is doctor pleasure.
Power game.
Make it as move.
Make it as move.
One.
Three is going to win the race.
Three got all that one.
Storm and May.
Wait.
Spin master.
Doctor pleasure.
These two.
You better hope the three beats the five.
And at least the faster.
And the faster.
And the softer.
And the faster.
There you go.
The one puke his guts up.
Oh, uh.
There comes the one now.
There he is.
Dead last.
All right.
The three is nine to five.
So you get back about nine bucks.
Yay.
Well, you only bet 20.
And George got that 11 bucks from that other ticket.
So he broke even.
Yeah, that's right.
You got your 20 bucks back.
How'd you try it?
Oh.
Boy, the one round.
A really.
And the one round.
I don't know what he went off.
He ran a really bad race.
He contended for a while.
It came to the top of the stretch.
He just puke his guts up.
Like that.
And they were talking to, oh, this is our horses.
This is this.
Yeah, right.
Everybody's got a big mouth.
But the what's his name?
May pick the winner.
You like the three.
Nickelettie.
There you go.
Your good friend Ron Nicolay.
See if you listen to him and not to me.
Sorry to what's his name.
Rick.
Sorry.
Sorry, Mr.
May listen.
I do my best, you know.
Hey, you can't win them all.
Pressure.
Just unbelievable pressure.
It is.
Let's see what good movies are on right now.
We can catch maybe what's your call sign?
There will be blood.
Oh, yeah.
I like that last scene.
There were he hits the.
Uh-huh.
The big priest.
There would have been a repeating comment.
I'm going to.
Well, I want to get him to have the whole movie and what a bastard in the past.
Preachers.
All these fake preachers like the Reverend.
Yeah, that's redundant.
That's exactly what they need is being hit over the head about a hundred times real hard with a Boeing pin.
That'll straighten their ass out.
That'll cut down on that phony act of theirs.
The long ships.
Bachelor party.
Double whammy and near dark.
That.
Sugar.
I'll take her back.
Sure you will.
She's got a knife, baby, and he got a gun.
How does that work when one's got a knife?
One's got a gun.
How's that?
Like, Oh, scenario is right.
Everyone doesn't.
Yeah.
Well, that was really disappointing.
That one.
That's normal.
There had him right.
Yeah, look, he was second on the inside.
I thought maybe when it came around the last turn, he was going to go zooming by.
Like we've had a few times, but it was exciting.
Puke city was exciting.
Yeah, at least at least you catch something that was caught the five.
That's the three went off at a really crappy price.
So he's going to be like five, 60 and two, it's like about nine something.
Nine dollars in change.
It's all good.
There you go.
Yeah.
You see, you get a little something back.
Not too much.
Now, if George was a real gentleman, he would cover your whole 20 bucks because he, you know, he got that ticket from.
Where was that ticket from?
Tampa?
Oh, Laurel.
Yeah.
Was it Laurel that you cashed?
Yes.
Wow.
52 today and 54 tomorrow, man, we got a heat wave here.
This is where it's at, man.
Spring is sprung.
Oh, and I got to order my pizza.
Oh, I mean, it's just a job.
You'll be on the video.
What the hell?
You actually used to talk to that guy.
Much less put him on the air.
He sounds like he's a perfect partner for the I'm your friend guy.
Yeah, I think.
I think they might be the same person.
Oh, look at this.
Rich the atheist, norlandis, as we missed the vote, the most self-hating Jew is Howard Stern.
I'll print it out.
We got time.
Six.
Oh, here you go.
Prime one, 12.
It says another typical phony baloney South Beach glitz restaurant that can only be frequented by jocks, racquers,
models, movie stars, and cook dealers.
Mandage who loves to portray himself as a regular guy, voice of the common guy, always touts the place,
and it's glamour, et cetera.
Second, only the Joe Stone crab is a man.
It's his galaxy.
Well, let's say.
I said.
By the way, it says I used to be a man that's listener and fan, but I got weary of his right wing crap.
Every day, he finds a reason to bash Obama and talk up the right wing.
Still do it when that crap?
He doesn't do it as much.
Oh, my God.
You got to be schmit me, man.
Well, in any way.
Rich the atheist, norlandis, his boy, you missed the vote on this one.
The most self-hating Jew is Howard Stern.
Why would he bullshit the audience for years claiming that his mother was a titan?
A titan, my ass.
He doesn't want the world to know that he's a mainstream Jew.
Hell, he's ashamed of it as you are and you're both nuts.
Oh, yeah, I'm ashamed of being Jewish.
That's why I talk to you this year on the Euro all the time.
That's right.
Jackass.
Judaism is as much as the ethnicity is a religion.
You ate what you are and you are what you are and you live with it.
Most of the people on your polar Jews are conservatives.
The Polish would be renamed Jews, waiting your Rogers.
In that case, I vote for Mark 11, a great constitutional lawyer.
Oh, this is another right winger.
Great.
He was served in the Reagan administration as truly a brilliant guy.
And his words get off the phone, you big dope.
Rich the atheist doorland, oh, how very sad.
Yeah.
When you're ashamed of being Jewish, you talk all the Yiddish on the Year, right?
That's right.
So why you ashamed?
God.
There's a self-hating atheist if I ever heard one.
How about them?
Right wing atheist.
Am I putting Howard Stern on the pole?
No.
You good?
I wouldn't put anything rich in Orlando said I wouldn't put it even in your ass.
Oh, this is very exciting.
I got a call in my pizza.
And George is going to go catch his tickets.
Another Steve actually catched the tickets for you or what?
He's walking over there to catch him right now.
Wow.
I want my money, man.
I'll give it to you Monday.
If you think you're going to see that $9 in some months, then.
Never.
Every who never lived to see it.
Never lived to see it.
I'll put it in a little baggy.
And the money too.
Okay.
What are you going to do with $9 in change?
A lot.
In addition to which what's an atheist in Orlando giving a song to dance about?
Jews, this and Jews that I'm an atheist in Toronto.
But at least you know, at least I got my Jewishness wrapped around my tongue.
Is that where it's wrapped?
That's where it's wrapped.
I'm a dietary Jew, man.
I look at my pet block and my mots of balls and I love my pet block stuff.
That's right.
I cook off your brisket, the task of the Tisket.
I love that brisket.
And my home entotion and my kisky.
Oh, if I could just find some good kisky.
How about a kinesher too?
I don't like kinesh as they're mooshy.
I don't like mooshy food.
That's one thing George and I agree upon.
Very little, but we do agree on that.
We don't like mooshy food.
Oh, it's day.
Oh, oh, if I have the town.
At five, six, oh, WQA.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I am doing silly today.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Eating will add to me.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
I'm throwing on my knees so I can wear that spot.
Go, go, go, go, go.
I'm not much in much in much in much in other ways
I pray for the faint you'll never pick in USA
My religion says that you must I
In the sky, on your next life
I want you to die today
I'm having another one, another one, another one, another
I'm alive, it's the end of me
I'm having another one, another one, another
I find up brainlessly
It's no big deal for you, it dies
Bop, bop, bop, Ramadan
Ramadan, Ramadan
Bop, bop, bop
I want you to celebrate, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
I love you, for all the streets
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
Bop, bop, bop
Bop, bop, bop
Bop, bop, bop
Bop, bop, bop
Muaw written byYudham
Bip, bip, bip
