Anyway, it's 10 o'clock. We are out of time. Neil Rogers is coming up next for me a cold one
The music expressed on the previous
Those of the host guests and collars and do not reflect those of the busily broadcast group
It's staffed advertisers or agents
By the way, you'll ask your crazy first minute
It's in my face now.
What are you doing?
Look at my ammies!
Crazy and bad.
Under any and all names
Oops
Yep
You know what George always says about crazy people
They're scary. They're crazy
Yep
Oh no, the things are the wrong day again
I don't tell them
Oh wait
I'm waiting
Good thing we got a lot of music better
Keeper Franken by the way social security
These people are crazy.
Speaking of crazy
Yeah, okay, so there's not gonna be a show open.
Hey, uh, the number to call
You know, call the number. Nobody's gonna answer
There's no
We're gonna get Ricky up low
you
Friends
Drill
War
A my bar stole to the real door
Hey!
Love it!
A my bar stole ain't for the street yet
A my bar stole by the running heat gap
A my bar stole to the real door
A my bar stole gotta do why now
Take a little trip, take a little trip
Take a little trip to the real door
God is not quick, God is not quick
Need to money from this, where you all?
Well, 10.02 at 5.60 WQM Happy Tuesday to you
We got to big over 2 mad dog at Chulas at 4
And then after that everybody goes away
We got to off the night at 7 and D.A. for me to 11
Some of those hours with a chair
But nevertheless, also the first order of business
Yep
I have an email this morning from your close personal buddy, Hock Mark
Ah!
Subject Monday Monday Monday
High Neil High George, as the Mamas and Papa's one said
Next Monday morning is the big start of a new era at 7.90
Is that what the Mamas and Papa said on our recall that?
No
The new show will be revealed, will be making the announcement today
Or tomorrow on the LeBanster show
You won't be surprised, let's just say that
Oh, couldn't be Jorge Siddano could it?
I guess Siddano's trying to say
No
We won't be surprised
And we'll be making the announcement today or tomorrow
They sure got there crap together
Boy, you think we're screwed up, which we really are
After that episode yesterday with our engineering
And with the Abel Canada and the guy coming here
Oh my God
That's not over yet, is it?
We get more of that, don't we?
What do you mean?
Does it have to come back?
No, well, he's coming back with some guy
I don't know, they're going to put more wiring in here
Thursday afternoon
I don't know what time
Nor do I care
Well, I'm going to seek the audience's assistance
Because certainly you and I don't know nothing about social security
Other than the fact that I'm going to start
I'm supposed to be collecting it already
Yeah, I'm going to pause it in my checking account
I get those statements every once in a while too
About how much money I'm going to get
Right
And your case
At this point, I'm not so sure
Seeing what you're going through
Bucks, dirty man
Our dirty bucks for you
And that's over the arrest of your life
Anyway, I got the letter
And you've been approved for Social Security
Now when the hell did I get this?
I don't know
Days ago
When, what, and when we will pay?
Now they've already got my direct deposit checking account information
You know, I checked to make sure it was right, it's correct
You'll receive so many thousand dollars around April 30th
Around April 30th
This is the money you're due for September 2008 through March 2009
Several grand
Your next payment of whatever, which is for April 2009 will be received
On or about the second Wednesday of May 2009
Honor or about
Some curious when the hell do people get their money?
Because as of today, which is May 5th
I haven't got a dime from them in my checking account
And I'm trying to call them
First of all, they got a toll free number
This is the United States Social Security Administration
They got a toll free number that doesn't work outside the USA
If you call it from Canada
The number you're calling has been disconnected
Or this number can't be whatever
Right
And then if you do get a hold of it, they've got 85 million automated questions anyway
Because I had George Callett for me and that was fun
Then the local number down there and Broward
I mean down there and
Forget about that same thing
And then when you dial O for operator
You get a recording
Well, we're all busy in Miadie Aude, I leave your name now
Maybe my cell phone's going to ring during the course of the show
Which will be really exciting
Which will give you another chance to play some of that stupid music you play
Great
So I'm just wondering
I'm sure we got plenty of people out there on Social Security
Wondering how the hell long does it take to get the damn money
Because electronic transfer into your checking account
That should happen
It's around April 30th
Well today is May 5th
We may think that's enough leeway that there ought to be some cash in there
A little bit too around
Yeah, that's right
I mean what kind of a deal is that
Especially when you're dealing with something mechanical like that like electronic
I can understand in the mail
You'll receive it around such and such a day
Right? Because the US mail
Oh my god
But when it's something electronic they should be able to give you
But then again if they can't even give you a phone number you can call from outside the US
How archaic is the Social Security Administration
How archaic is your government
So I'm waiting for a return call from the 954 number from Rowered
I mean from
Rowered
And we'll see now maybe somebody's going to give me some real good advice here
What do you think?
Lighty
And maybe not
NeilRodgers.com
Adam Oshmuk says
Happy Cinco de Mayo. Have a good one. Yeah.
Get a life and go find a hobby
Now I guess I'm not going to read that memo from flea about Ken Molden
Because it's not for the public from what you said
I don't think it is though. It's a private thing
I'm not sure actually
But you're not sure
Let's
Are we totally clueless these days?
Yeah. Oh, we are clueless
You can only imagine how many
Jillion people are calling the Social Security Office anyway can you imagine?
Yeah, a couple
Couple million
Just leave your name and then your number and your Social Security number and your shoe size
And somebody will call you back if you live long enough
Here's one from Roger from Cooper City
It says, sorry to hear about your friend Ken just listen to his updates. He seemed like a great guy
Always happy and upbeat. He will be missed
Johnny Joe should rot in hell says Roger. Well, how about that Derby? I had the second and third place horses and ten dollars active box
And then here comes Gabby Hayes on that nag
I did make a little place money on musket man
Musket man
Pioneer the Nile came in second. How do you make place money on musket man? I was just been talking about
Anyway, so I can't complain it was a great day of racing. That's all I have keep killing them it would buy an obvious thing says Roger from Cooper City
It's it's in coherent. He made a little place money on musket man
Musket man did not run second
Pioneer the Nile got second. I forgot who got third but anyway
Maybe he means show money on my I'm a musket man finished third. I don't know and I don't care
In coherent Roger in coherent
In addition to which I don't want to like poo poo what you said but when you say just listening to his updates can seem like a great guy
You see Ken what was a great guy
But listening to somebody on the radio doesn't give you a clue as to their you know what I'm saying right it's a radio show or radio update or whatever it was
But he was a great guy
And I'm still I'm still checking out both newspapers don't see a thing
Barry Jackass hasn't read anything not only about the ratings but about can or anything else you really slip in Barry you're losing it not that you ever had it but whatever you had you lost it
And of course the Sunsett will forget about them because little Tommy he don't have time most of the time for radio anymore
He's too important to be writing about radio stuff
Real radio Shannon Birch still behind bars and out of a job
Well, do we care about that person in Orlando that really don't WTKS that's the Jim Phillips station that's Jim Phillips who's always talking about neo-Rodgers and Miami and the
Rogers this new rider he's got neo-Rodgers disease Jim Phillips
Here's the poll 958 votes what personnel change it should occur on this show
And this coming in the wake of Joe Bell threatening to fire George and put flee in his place because flee is his post personal friend
And he hates George like poison Joe does
Even though he lies about it
Don't change a thing 399
41.6% keep George at flee to the show 194 fire George. I don't care who replaces him 102
Bring back fat Chris 75 fire everybody 51 now you're talking fire everybody bring back Josh Cortes 49
You know, he still never cashed that check
Huh
Not that I'm in any big hurry from to cash to check, but it's just a little strange to me when people are begging for money and then you send it to him and oh well
I didn't have time. I don't I don't get it or maybe he lost it. We can only hope
Flees should replace George George stays on his board op 33 fire neo 29 flees should replace George George goes 26
That's our friendly audience. I don't see anything yet on the social security. It'll take a while
Or maybe they just won't give me any advice at all any assistance as possible
You think it's possible that there's nobody out there gonna give me like a heads up heads down. It's possible
But I think even though a judge said bail attend grant for go ahead. I think someone will tell you something
eventually
Even though a judge said bail a $10,000 for radio personality Shannon Burke on Friday and agreed to let him go to Daytona Beach for a charity event
On Saturday he was still sitting in the Seminole County jail yesterday and from jail he lost his job
Officials that cheap child communications cancel Burst contract Monday nearly four days after he was arrested after shooting his wife in the family dog
Shannon has been terminated clear channel program director Chris camp Meyer said
Camp Meyer said company policy prohibited for him from going into more detail
He said the temporary plans for real radio is 104.1's midday show are for to continue with sole brother Kevin and the rest of the crew
The station WTKS is not yet made plans for the show's future
Edward Shannon Burke 43 was arrested on charges relating to shooting his wife and dog after nephews were called to his ultimate spring
Area home lay Thursday. Well, we know that
The 40 caliber bullet pass to the leg of the dog and graze the right side of Catherine Burst's head. Oh
It's not good when it grazes your head
And it goes on about his DUI and about this
He just evidently not the most stable of guys, you know, and then again, he's in this business
And he was working for a cheap channel. He put those things together and it doesn't come up smelling all that good, you know
Being in a radio business and working for a cheap channel
So I'm proud they're probably pleased about it because it gives him a chance to cut another salary, you know
That's what it's all about in this business now newspaper business radio business TV business monkey business every business just fire everybody
From minutes after 10 at 560 WQ AM it's yeah, kid baby
Oh
I like this
Oh
That's it yeah, and what was what's the significance of that?
I don't get these bits this week from all the people there's just all strange the final countdown bed there
I'm I'm just guessing here. Yeah, when you have your own top 10 list or account down or something like a poll for example
Something you want to hear the final count down. Yeah
That's what it says. Uh-huh that sucked and you know what else sucks
So Bos Florida who's very good with the obituaries, but useless otherwise a Bos stick to the old bits
Okay stick to the dead people here's all the information. He sends me a link to the government social security thing
The website is if I don't already have that that's not where the answers are Bos
There are no answers to my question on that thing
I'm just trying to find out with other people get direct deposit
How long it took them to get their first thing and how long it generally takes them to get their stuff into your account?
That's all right very simple question any answers on there and if we supply a fly of them Bos sending me the link to the oh my god
Talk about useless
Well, we had a big book anyway
Right away to my Georgia and says all I have to say is good luck to you to get a human on the phone at social security
My poor dad had a question about his social security come weeks ago
So he called and believed to this day he's still on a hold and that's when they don't hang up on you when you're holding always listening
Thanks, Georgia and that sounds really promising doesn't it? Oh, yeah, but I believe it
Fred and Boca says when you finally start collecting SSI which casino would you be blowing it in my favorite is resorts in Atlantic City
Atlantic City
Check your spelling Fred very weak
See just sarcasm no no no help no assistance just sarcastic bastard not out your jam but Fred and Borre
Hey, that's for you Fred rise very
What I do with my money is my business. How do you like that schmuck?
But then again, it's part of that same thing tell us how to spend our money how to live our lives how to do the show how to take a crap how to do all these things which hand a wipe with
Oh my god, and that's what we got so far
You think if we get an audience of course all the old parts collecting social security
Maybe they don't have their computers cranked up yet. They don't have a what they could walk to the library
Maybe that's what we have to wait for I guarantee you they could walk to the library and they'll get there and get the answer for me
Long before I get a return call from social security in
Broward
Now wait till you hear this from somebody without a name red clay 45
I would like to send you information on a new patented product very high in antioxidants and
a chi
Berry reduces blood pressure
Mag cholesterol can be eaten by diabetics. Please advise if you're interested
Well, why didn't he just email me the information?
Right it's called showsy
Healthy chocolate show she show see I don't know what it is
Yeah, please advise if you're I'm interested send it email it
Why do you have to go through the extra step? I guess you didn't want to be bothered send me all the stuff that I would schmit can't I you know
Just a toy to stuff about social security coming in not
Do you think that was you think that was a
Ridiculous question I asked no not at all. Ah
Paula Paula's helped me I was slowly but surely
You know me how patient I am not oh
Bars comes back now what is Bars is Bars upset because a orthodox Jewish community struggles with abuse allegations. Okay. We'll get to that
It's got nothing to do with anything and then also that remember the guy Paul that was sent me the list of all the Jewish names and the actors and actresses
Famous with people and change names now today he sends me history of Jews in America. This isn't a show about Jews Paul. Okay
And especially when you work for Beasley
In Joe Bell it definitely the show about Jews anymore
The number of Jews that have been blowing out of this radio said the goi am they're safe
The Jews I am
No, well in your case. No. Well, that's because you're associated with me. I do
Paul says my mother-in-law received the same letter last year her first payment arrived about a week after the round this date
Oh, thanks Paula her first monthly check was a few days late, but they arrive on the assigned date ever since
The first payment arrived about a week after around the state. So in other words, I got still a couple days this week
Social security doesn't pay everybody on the same date like they did years ago my father-in-law gets his money a week after my mom-in-law
You may want to contact your bank to see if they've been notified of a pending ACH debit from a social security hope this helps
What does that mean ACH
Hmm, I don't know
Alzheimer's something 100 Alzheimer's a check it
Well, I'll await another couple days. Thanks Paula that comes me down
First first payment arrived about a week after the round this date. So I hope the phone doesn't ring because if it does I'll just hang up on
Although maybe I'll actually speak to somebody say where the hell's my money not that I'm desperate for the money
I don't think they're gonna call you but if they do for God's sake answer it and talk to them
Jump on it jump on Z
Yeah
Well Paula was helpful God bless you Paula if there were God which there's not but let's you know since it's just for fun anyway
How about deal God bless you for giving me a little bit of hope
Contact the bank. Oh my God of all the people in the world you don't want to contact it's the bank the government. Oh brother
all of these all of these things
John Clancy John in Oakland Park says hope you're having a good day. Yeah, it's okay so far
I got out of bed. I shaved. I did all my bodily functions
Took a nice shower took my peels
Came in George was there already
I
Said you still here. Yeah, it's amazing one day. That was down a couple of points
One point eighty three years. It's just hovering you know
Can't go up to 300 points every day. I don't know why Maria's been absent too
Maybe Maria's got diarrhea
It says I sent an email to Georgia. He responded as he always does you respond to the emails. Yeah
If you show us so much what I listen to is I drive in traffic. I don't want to be repetitive on this aspect but yet I am
To me as I told George he's an important part of your entertainment empire. I hope you don't lose his great support in your stick
Do we have an entertainment empire? Yeah, it's a huge
If you do lose and that here here's one of my favorite lines of all the email since we've been doing these many many months
If you do lose George, please set him up if you can with a very high-paying job somewhere else
On one of your other radio stations for example
Well, let me read that again just to make sure
In fact, let's let's play this again. Maybe maybe it'll be
Final content putty or the second I still don't understand that bit. It's not really a bit. Is it no?
It's got some neat music on it though. Yeah, if you do lose George, please set him up if you can with a very high-paying job somewhere else
Is this a crazy person or what?
I think most of the emails this week have been from crazy people. What do you mean this week?
I oh listen, I mean these these have been really special yesterday and today
I also told George that I'm not a butt kisser unless it was Oprah. Oh wait. I'm an Angela and Angela Jolie Angela or Pamela Anderson
Hope you too can keep the great chemistry keep making Joe Bell fart from your high ratings as John and Oakland Park with a million exclamation points. Oh
Poor John and Oakland Park
I I don't know. I'm maybe I'm just losing contact. You know how to touch I am
I'm losing contact
Maybe it was that bad meal at Grand Luxcaff again. You know shame on me not shame on them shame on me for giving it another try
Right and believing believing some of these dingbats out there. Oh, you got to try the chicken parm. It's really great
She's ordering the wrong things shame on you for not going to some of the other places that they're right
That's right very hard to get you looking for a place close by my house, you know
The
Automated clearinghouse network is a highly reliable and efficient nationwide batch oriented electronic funds transfer system governed by the NACHA
Their payments include direct deposit of social security other government benefits and tax refunds and yada yada yada yada
Well, thanks TR that that's interesting
Mm-hmm
Mommy says Brian says mommy says May 28th will receive stimulus check
He knows she works for the government
Oh, no
Prozac Ron told me this when he was in Best Buy Thursday. Well delete that right away
No, no, no, but not what he said like is he gonna die does he have a heart problem
So
Joe Bell says in reference to Paula, you know Paula that just sent me that helpful him in won't see her no more
Hmm, you know that might actually be the real joe Bell because he's always trying hard to be funny and believe me if anybody
I know is not funny. He's the one your buddy jolly joe
Not me. The O Rogers God
I know what the kitchen
We got in husband's
骒
I was
flowing
without
my
Know
Everybody's gotta ho...'
Yeah, I got a horny heart so many times in a day especially like a woodbine or out in
shopping mall wherever and I see people walking behind I think, well I got to have that. I want to have lust in your heart.
I have lust in my heart like Jimmy Carter.
Brandon says I have a good idea and said to sending those cheques to Josh quarters for them to George.
I just center cheque to George by the way. It's in the mail. Thank you. Well he needs them now doesn't he? Yes he does.
Yeah, I just sent a nice cheque to George. Not as much as it would be if I had my social security.
I'll take it.
Brandon says, as for the social security,
that's right about the first check.
The first check, you never are 100% sure
when it's going to show up.
I see.
But after that, they'll show up on time.
Same thing happened to my grandparents, you said.
So the first one, whether it's a check, direct deposit,
whether it's, they put it in a bottle
and float it to your house, give it some time.
It's like trying to get a hold of somebody on the phone.
I hope they don't call, because you're telling me
I should talk to somebody there?
I don't want to.
Okay.
James says, the direct deposit should be
in your account about a month after they received
the paperwork, great show.
What does that mean?
After who receives what paperwork?
Right.
Then you know them.
I see.
That doesn't make any sense, James.
Thanks, thanks for the heads up, but it makes no sense to me.
Does it make sense to you?
No.
All I know is I got the letter and it said around April 30th,
I'm going to receive a check for $14,551.
I mean, no, that's not a shop livery.
You know, I could have a good time at wood buying.
That would be a good couple of days to loss.
I could go play the $5 real fortune machines, the new ones.
Don't get me started on slot machines and down there.
I could, I could really.
And last night, talk about luck.
I go to the 2 cent quick hit, which I play the maximum
when it's six bucks a hit, so don't think I'm cheap.
The 2 cent quick hit, my favorite machine.
I put in this bitch walks away from it
and I could see the machine was hot,
but she was playing like, you know, 20 cent.
I put in 60 bucks, I hit the button once
and here's six quick hits for 350 bucks.
I hit the button once.
Nice.
And she's sitting at a machine, some other machine behind me.
She's like, oh, I just got off that machine.
And I'm thinking to myself, well, too bad, bitch.
Yeah, tough luck, bitch.
Here's one from Papa Smurf.
Neil, I give my social security checks
between the first and fifth day of each month,
deposited to my account.
Some recipients get it deposited.
It's an honor around the 15th of each month.
You have to submit your bank routing number.
I've already done that.
So they know your account bank, they've already done that.
When I signed up for direct deposit,
it took me six to eight weeks before it took effect.
This is how it happened with me.
Good luck getting to talk to somebody
who has a pulse of social security.
I agree with that.
So thanks, Papa Smurf.
It took him six to eight weeks before it took effect
before the direct deposit kicked in.
Oh my God.
Maria Bartoromo chimes in, see?
Ask and you shall receive.
And you don't believe it's the real Maria B. I do.
I'm just a skeptic, you know?
Oh, yeah, you're, that's why Joe wants to fire your ass
because you said you're hard.
All right.
Don't worry, I won't, I won't over my dead body.
I will be dead soon anyway.
I think that's the idea.
You said it to kill you.
You trying to kill me?
I think so.
I don't know.
Here I go says when you're blocking any and all links,
or since you're blocking, no, I'm not blocking
I'm just deleting.
Goal the Obama deception and please don't let the title fool you.
Just watch the damn thing.
It's from the makers of your revolted loose change.
So long, this is burio, so long burio, so long.
Yeah, we do this.
Goal this and do a watch that and do this and do that.
I don't live my life based on commands
from anonymous idiots in the audience,
or even intelligent people in the audience.
Dude is, dude, that was really special.
I'd fill Ark using another phony name today
saying the same thing he said yesterday as if,
yeah, you're blocked under both names, Phil,
so come up with a different name.
And then say the same thing again about how
somebody gave you the wrong ticket at the track
and you cashed 103 bucks, yada, yada, yada, big deal, okay?
103 bucks, probably a two weeks pay for fill Ark.
On a street corner.
Spare some change, mister.
That's people like Phil Ark.
In other words, I have no luck.
Yeah, Maria Bartoromo says I'm still here, Mr. Rogers,
but haven't checked in due to the market strength.
I certainly do not want to come across his pompous
to you and your listeners who did not take my advice.
The Obama bonds started months ago
and the markets have performed brilliantly
for the more the loony is showing strength against the dollar.
And that's another recommendation I made.
She says that's right, up to 85% that really pisses me off.
It's still not too late to diversify your money
into markets and out of the dollar.
Remember the best path of prosperity
is through the free market system.
She says, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Although I have great market knowledge and youth looks,
I'm having troubles with my own.
I don't know if you've noticed,
but I've not been doing the closing bell
the past couple of weeks as I've been on vacation.
However, the plastic surgery bitch Rebecca Jarvis
is filling in for me and trying to steal my job.
So I need to get back to the beach for my beauty rest
to preserve my spot on the closing bell.
Best regards Maria B.
Some plastic surgery bitch Rebecca Jarvis.
How do you like that?
Sounds like jealousy.
Yeah, well she ought to get the name of the plastic surgeon
couldn't hurt.
Get rid of those bags down to the eyes, Maria.
You look like hell.
She could have them taken off of her eyes
and made into purses or something.
No, that would be good.
High bags, she could have handbags.
You saying Maria's a bag?
That would be good.
You're saying that 1022 points.
Anybody care?
No.
That's it.
I thought there'd be a whole bunch more on there.
That's it.
I'm my social security.
So what did you make of that?
It'll be a week or more after the date that they said.
I love the way they see it'll be in there around April 30th.
As soon as I saw that I knew there was something really like,
you know, cool your videos.
We're the government.
We do things when we want it around April 30th.
Yeah.
That sucks.
Although it doesn't suck as bad as waiting for the phone call
back.
From them, I left them my shoe size, my social security number,
my name, my cell phone number.
They probably won't call because it's long distance,
you know, to Canada.
Bastards, right?
I mean, if they're cheap enough,
they don't have a toll fee number that works outside the US.
Don't you find that rather amazing?
Typical anymore.
I mean, I know social security is always
supposed to be in big trouble.
And if we live long enough to get it, it'll be a miracle.
And I'm beginning to believe that.
They always said, if you live long enough to get your social security,
it'll be a major miracle.
Who would have ever believed that old Neil would be on here
talking about collecting social security one day?
Oh my God.
And especially we had those many,
18 to 34 number two, which please still can't believe.
Crazy, he says crazy.
He's crazy.
He doesn't know anything about the success
of this show before Joe Bell and his buddy Joe came to town.
You ought to get him inside.
Next time you guys go out for him to buy you lunch or dinner,
whatever we explain to him.
What?
Neither one of us has to pay.
We're in radio.
Oh, you son of the words you're siphoning off freebies
when you go out and you know, we've got all these certificates
and things like that.
Yeah, that's right.
Good point because you can't eat him in a station
because Joe Bell, that was just another way of getting back at you.
I think that whole thing about, oh, well, Joe rose in the morning.
He and Zach are talking too much about the restaurant.
I mean, that's the lamest, saddest excuse for every,
it's childish, man.
It's like sandbox mentality.
Johnny Pete is pants today.
So everybody in the class has to stand.
You know, I like that.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
If Joe rose in the Zach, we're talking too much about food
and restaurants and freebies, then shut them up about it.
Don't punish George, but again, it's just another way
to get his foot up your ass.
Oh, Neil!
Neil God.
No Canada.
Oh, no way they killed this here.
Oh, bro, hockey's gone.
A hoesers greatest fear.
No evidence, no faith for each.
No red wings and no stars.
The only fights he can adopt will be inside the barn.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Well, I got some bad news, boys and girls, I just changed the pool, I thought I did, but it didn't work. Uh-oh. I clicked on, you know, where it says, um, switch, switch, and didn't switch, and I tried it again, and again, and again, and again, and nothing happened. Let me try. You tried there. Let's see if it happens from your computer. No. I clicked on switch. Nothing happened. So maybe Eric, if he's not eating some baloney sandwiches up there in Orlando, um, maybe Eric can take a peek into that
something wrong there, man. Something really, really wrong. And I did see that amusing email from George Corso to, uh, the Toronto Engineer. The ISDN was, was to have been completed, and isn't he aware of what happened here yesterday? The fact that it wasn't completed and they're coming back. He operates, he lives in a vacuum. I know you tell me he's under a lot of pressure because they're making them move to the other building and they're expecting him to like, uh, you know, make all kinds of magic with the nothing to work with as usual.
But nevertheless, the ISDN is not completed. George, that's George with the G and George with the J. Hey, hey, Eric is looking at it. And he's looking at it. Yeah, he's looking at the pole and the pole too. Yeah, he's looking at his pole. Oh, God, what I thought that is. With all due respect. I think I've only seen Eric twice in my lifetime. I've only seen Eric twice in my lifetime. Really? Yeah. That's why I keep talking about how fat he used to be. I'm sure he's not. I'm sure he's felt now.
He only has two, three launches every day. Yeah, I'm trying to change it. It still doesn't change. Switch, switch, nothing.
Tracy and Kendall, well, she sent me two emails. I'll get to the, she said, I wanted to your opinion about the flavor wave oven. I love it. I'm thinking about getting one for my hubby for his birthday next month. Why is it so great? Do you use it instead of regular oven? Yes. Just wondering. I never used the regular oven. I was the flavor wave at least. I used to use it almost every day.
Yeah. And the reason that it's so great, you can't cook from frozen in the microwave and the regular oven. I mean, it would take forever to cook like a steak and heat up the kitchen as well. Flavor wave is like magic.
You can take a frozen burger, for example, and cook it like five, six minutes on each side. And it's great.
You can cook a whole damn chicken in there. A turkey, right? You still haven't made bacon in it.
No, I have not made bacon. It's the best thing for chicken, by the way. We still use our regular oven for things like, you know, lasagna and they put the whole thing in here. I'm sorry. He's sorry. It's broken. He's going to fix it. It's broken. Oh, no. And he'll fix it. Not on Q.A.M. Now, let me ask you. What did you tell me yesterday? Because I'm old and feeble and I have old timers disease. Yeah. He was doing something about the website because everybody's bitching about how it's old. And they're right. It's old. Has been changing. He is moving all of his
data and his entire scheme operating thing to other computers. This is something that you know has to happen periodically. Yeah. So as soon as he moves everything to news. He's going to rejigger the whole. I mean, the website rework the website. He said he had some ideas. Good. Well, I'll leave it up to I'll leave it in his capable hands. And so we're, you know, we're too lazy and we're also too stupid to know how to do that. That's right.
I mean, I remember I had that fake volunteer. What was it to the guy from? Yeah, I don't know. Was it a Gary or something? No, but she was character. I went and he had the wrong name anyway. Oh, Richard Roma Richard Roma. Very good.
Ricky Roma. Are you talking to me? Well, what I remember the most is when he said you fell.
Yeah. 993 votes on the pool. Which personnel change? Should occur on the show? Don't change a thing for 111. Don't change a thing. If it's not broken, don't fix it. Don't deal with it. Right. Keep George and add flea to the show. Two. I thought that already happened, by the way. What?
But flea he's he does the show with me when they're on all the time. Oh, which of course ain't going to happen because that means more than a third person. Anything that requires additional payroll. Forget about that.
Fire George. I don't care who replaces him. 109. Bring back fat Chris 79 fire everybody 54. Bring back Josh Cordis 49.
Flea should replace George George Stase's board off 33 fire Neil 29. And flea should replace George George goes 27. Well, you're doing better than I am because 29 said fire me in 27 said fire you. Yeah, you're doing better than me.
As if. Yeah, if you don't come. You won't give us on SSI because everybody collecting SSI is heading to a casino on a bus to around this time of the day. This is Fred and vocal again Fred. You're an idiot Fred. Go away. Don't bother us. Oh, no, guess who died. You'll never believe it. Oh boy switched. Always switch the pool. Yes. That's not nearly as important as this. Let me give you a clue. Oh.
That's one clue. Another clue. Gay. Okay. Gay. And I'll give you one additional clue. They should do it. Big pop. Oh, no, not Richie Karen. No, not Tom Delewese. Yes, really? You ain't the only.
Oh, we've just learned that Tom Delewese, who starred in such classics as the Cannonball Run and Space Balls died last night in the LA hospital.
We're told he passed away peacefully in his sleep at about 6 p.m. He was 75 story developing. Well, this is from the beast. Oh, how do you like that? It's from the beast. The part of that network. Part of the fat network. Yeah, I see.
Fred says the flavor wave oven is of sucks. It's a freaking guessing game. Try to figure out when your food is a Fred. You are an idiot. This is the same Fred and Boka. You're a moron.
George's got one. I got one. Everybody in their brothers got one. You're great. You suck Fred and Boka dropped dead. What do you want done with your dead body? That's our new pool.
Grave with a headstone. Grave with a modest headstone. Oh, grave with a big headstone is the first one. Modest headstone cremated and scattered in a special place.
Yeah, I want my ashes at the finish line it would buy. cremated and put in an urn. Potter's field. What what is a potter's field like where they bury poor people like a mass grave or no coffin.
And just really wrap you in a sheet throw your ass in there. Poor people who didn't collect their social security no doubt. Yeah, veteran cemetery. Huge, expensive, mussely involved donated to medical research harvest organs and then disposal.
What garbage disposal? What does that mean? And disposal? Yeah. burial. Let's see. Whatever is the cheapest frozen for a future reanimation. And I don't care. That's what I'm putting. I don't care. I add together.
There are a lot of people don't want to be cremated because they really think that if you know what once the ashes are there all that's left, they'll never bring you back to life. Right.
Which guess what? They're not going to bring you back to life anyway, but there are those people who really believe that oh yeah, one day science will advance to such a point they'll be able to dig up all this this and the zap him with something and they'll come back to life.
You never heard people talking about that? Sure. Crazy people. Yeah. People like a little bit of a friend in Boka. Crazy. I really don't care. I added something. What you add? Stuffed and mounted. Stuffed and mounted. Yeah, like like at the tax. Joe Bell would like to see you mounted probably by him. Now the fact. Chris is.
No longer round of the daytime. You could be the filling. All right. Well, I got a little information from somebody about Ken Walden, which is nice. Good. And this business about well, Ellie Brecker is away till Thursday. I mean, I realized that the newspapers are a shadow away shell of what they used to be, but you need to tell me that there's no people there that could handle that story besides Ellie Brecher. She's the dead people specialist of the hero. She had to do an orbit on the hero.
This is from N. R. Rosenblum. Ken Walden was the disc jockey and W. B. M. S. and Boston 1955 to 57. As you already know, a program director of WGBS in Miami in the late 60s, early 70s. See a photo of him for sale on eBay. He was always horse and around. A great guy will be messed. It says. A photo of him for sale on eBay. What does that mean?
He worked more than just W. B. M. S. and Boston, I believe. I don't remember what station he was on, but anyway, somebody will know we're getting a little, little drips and drabs, little pieces here and there.
Which is very sad, but then I guess because he's got no kin in soft, Florida. It'd be kind of hard to put it together. Maybe the hopper knows maybe Hank will give Barry Jack asked the low down. Maybe maybe and maybe not.
I don't know. We'll find out. Tracy and Kendall says regarding social security. All I can say is make sure everything is accurate.
I'm everything is accurate. I already checked this morning. They got the right routing number and the right checking account number and but a repeat but a boot, but about all these things. Just not the right date.
My mother started collecting widow's benefits a few years ago. Last year, they notified her that someone made an error in documenting her income pension. Now they're forcing her to pay the money back during these nasty economic times. No less.
She has spent countless hours trying to communicate with them and waiting for correspondence from them. Don't hold your breath waiting cause weight you will. Good luck. Have a great day. You too, Tracy, Tracy and Kendall, boy, she's been around a long time. Tracy, she's a sweetheart. She is. She's great.
She's one of those people we enjoy hearing from one of those rational people as opposed to Fred and Boka and of course Phil Ark. Phil Ark, my ass. Oh my God.
And here's more. Look at that. It says, please give in for regarding Ken Walden's passing and any info regarding a funeral arrangements, etc.
And there's a picture here. The quotables are on Miami radio 710 more news than any other Florida radio or TV station. This is from WGBS from a thousand years ago.
I think that's Charlie campus there yet is Charlie campus. There's Ken in the bottom right hand corner. Wow. Florida's only 50,000 on the clock radio powerhouse WGBS Miami AM radio 610 710.
Ken Walden, Dick Davis. Oh, that's Dick Davis did a stock report on TV. Red barber, red barber, Charlie campus. Ron Kerry or Don Kerry. I can't read it.
Very chef. Ralph page. Mirit Hadley and all these people. Should I forward this to you? You might be interested in seeing the picture. Especially the one I shouldn't when he was young and. Yes, I will. Let me forward this to George.
And then I think what I'll do is I'll play that. That musical bed, you know, final ER. Oh, yeah, do that again regularly.
Oh, there you go. And thanks profusely whoever sent that.
Oh, this is the Neal Roger show. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock solid. This is your brain.
Any question? It's given a list back with you with the fell drive and you can't keep on a group of men here that will jewel over other men.
And I'm here to body part of what about me? Yes. And of course the big old two were Lando Albert Getty. Oh, look at this size of that young fellow.
Sure, we'd like to see him spoon. Here's my concern. Oh, my friend. Now my primary concern is that you interrupted me.
Sir, I didn't interrupt you, Q. Tiphead. How terrible. Well, look, my primary concern is will this fine young man with beaded sweat drifting from his chin address the needs of the organization?
You don't understand that. No, you don't understand. Please, please let me explain. What? I am a gentleman. A fine and cultured squire who bibles wide. Nobody cares about you.
It's all about fill par cells. And can I make a sandwich out of his old man body cheese? Now see here you fresh youngster. I'm going to paddle you raw with my velvety hand.
I'd like to see a tri cotton bud. Hey, that was my belly. Oh, fantasy baller. Stop it. Oh, I hate you. You hate me. I hate you.
Hey, let's run down those hourly's on a ratings again. What do you say? No, just a joke. Or let's play this again. What?
Nothing. I was expecting it to go somewhere. Oh, yeah, yeah, we all were. It did right in the smith can. Here's the fandom informer who says.
As you know, Jim Phillips and Lynn Levine Levine and Moira on the show are huge fans of yours. Lynn worked with you at 790 WNWS in the early 80s. Well, that's news to me. Lynn Levine Levine, I don't remember.
They would love to have you on a station now that there's an opening in mid days. Jim Phillips has been in the market a long time and has some pullwood cheap channel. Oh, yeah, cheap channel. I forgot about that.
Chris Campmire is the director of programming for third general Orlando and Catherine Brown is PDWTKS. Are you interested in syndicating the show? WTKS is a 100,000 watt FM station that covers all essential Florida.
As you may know, you have a lot of fans in the state outside of the WQM coverage area. The QM coverage area like 10 blocks from the towers. What are he talking about? I guess. Well, how much? You know, make me an offer. Okay.
All these people. Oh, well, they want you on here and they want you on serious. They want you on it. And then as soon as somebody says something about money, oh, we're fresh out. We're fresh out of money.
Wonder whether you fake Greg B. Del disappeared to him. And that's something. No. What? I know you hate all the fakers. Yeah, even the real Greg B. Del was a faker. He was.
Tom Jicke was in love with him though. He just was obsessed. I think it was jicke. Somebody somebody had to be. And always writing stuff about you, Del. And you know, there's no success to read. There are just, you know, now that he's in Alabama.
Haven't heard any more offers from a serious and great B. Del and all that crowd. That was that was kind of interesting.
Kate says I voted for I don't care on this pool. That's just because you don't have either the two options I've thought of before. One was that one of my friends that likes fishing could put a shark hook through me and do some trolling.
The other idea was a lot less gruesome. I told my wife she could just throw me in the dumpster. Be how one of the grocery stores covered me up with some rotten vegetables. It seems about right zero cost. Take the money. You would have spent an
effort to get the money. You can afford it. But these people who waste all this money on funerals and then the family that's left the sluppers left behind. They could take that money. And like this guy says, have a really good time with it. Right.
Expensive funerals. Well, what's the point? It's our cake. Yep. Superstitious to. Yeah, hoax. Like they're going to haunt you if you don't do something nice. Yeah, or something. I don't know what they're thinking.
When would be surprised if Joe Bell haunts you? I doubt it. Even now I think even now he haunts you. In your sleep. He taught me he haunts and taunts and floants. And I'm sure that there are suits running around a building. Oh boy, we sure didn't that book. Didn't we do a great job? Yeah. They sure did. Nelson says I've lived in South Florida since I got out of the service in 73.
This is the worst our area radio has ever been.
I listen to AM coast to coast at times when I can't sleep.
It's interesting at times, but at five when Jimmy Sifilis and his
George S. sidekick come on, oh, God.
You're not what you used to be, but it's not up to you anymore.
That's not a shot.
I still love you, but I've been listening for a long time.
I'm not what I used to be.
You're the only way of hope that makes me go on.
I've even got my son and you.
I used to work with a guy who lived just west of you across
the street from the nut with the big cats.
If that makes sense, no, it does not.
He used to live just west of me across the street from the nut
with the big cats.
Does that make any sense to you?
Nope.
Nope.
OK, well another Julio out and about.
If he can, please feel free to embarrass my son and keep it up.
Keep it up, boy.
Nelson.
Nelson Hernandez.
This is the worst our area radio has ever been, he says.
I don't deny that.
I think there's some truth to it.
It's crap.
It's caca.
And like I said, when I was down there this weekend and listened
to our station on the weekend and across the street,
I am just astonished that there's anybody alive who listens
to that, to that drivel.
Like a bunch of little kids.
Oh, I think Mickey's got the biggest, the biggest bat in the line
up.
And I think that Roger ought to be a batting fourth instead
of the third.
Oh, my, I mean, we could do the whole show on social security.
He didn't would be terminal, but it would be a hell of a lot
more compelling to use that expression again than talking
about the games people play.
And this draft choice and that draft choice, and who's got
the biggest biceps?
And who's got the biggest member?
And oh, my God.
And then when the big O started yelling about who's got the
biggest ass, they decided on Joe Bell, though, I think they made
a good choice.
John Ford Lauderdale said, I think you're going to have to call
social security.
Perhaps you should have gone to the Wilton Manor's office
when you were down here last week and then gone to George's
Alabama with Paco for lunch.
No, I was not in Wilton Manor's.
Sorry.
I was told my first check was coming in April.
Now they say May 27th.
I'm waiting patiently.
How do you like that?
Wow.
I actually did get to them on a phone, but you have to put in
a lot of personal info first.
Goodlux is John Ford Lauderdale.
I'm not going to call him anymore.
I'm going to wait several days and hope for the best.
And if nothing happens, I'll just write it off as a bad,
bad few days it would buy.
You know, right?
Yep.
Because I can see, first of all, the fact that they've got
a toll free number that doesn't work outside the US, that
tells me right there how apt they are.
Absolutely, positively inept.
Well, we don't care about you.
There are canadia.
This is for that.
That's right.
That's absolutely correct.
Oh, no.
Paul Smith is a crazy person.
Ken Maldon was a good man, a Christian man who loved
the Lord.
No, he was not.
No Ken was Jewish.
He's in a better place today.
Repent now, Neil and George, before it's too late.
Where would you like to spend eternity?
Heaven or hell?
Homosexual bodies are sin.
Get out of it now.
I just still can and get help for your deviant behavior.
Remember, there are no fags in the church.
There's only one God.
That's right.
That's correct.
Paul Smith, the same rant, air of the day, boring.
That must be your friend, John ZTR.
He must be Paul Smith must be old.
Cauldron says you can own this wonderful photo of Ken Maldon
from his days in W.
By the way, did you get the email?
I say yes, I did.
And the GPS pictures before you read that email.
Mm-hmm.
I do own that old picture of Ken Maldon.
What do you mean?
The one on eBay?
Yeah, I bought it last break.
Did you really?
It's four bucks.
So, just keep talking about the times now long gone when radio was relevant
and personality was important.
Good thing a person of the public still appreciates old bastards like you
and help us keep in touch with history.
I'd rather hear you go on and on about the WMCA good guys
or listen to Cardinals baseball on KMWF's
than the annoyingly inane callers and bitter e-mailers don't ever change
says the old codger.
And there's that picture of Ken.
Yeah.
The old codger.
Where the hell do you get it?
Mm-hmm.
Right click say that.
Annamaria says, oh, I see.
This is from Johnny.
Johnny Quest, whatever happened to Annamaria.
If you were George Talker teller Johnny says as long as I have a face
you'll always have a place to sit.
Ah, thanks Johnny.
You ever talk to her?
Yep.
You do?
Uh-huh.
Well, I'll be damned.
Let's see what Baron fits.
He says when I died like a great pyramid built in my honor.
Yeah.
We'll put you on the pyramid with Dick Clark on the top.
You can sit on the point.
He can sit on the top point.
Yeah, the point pointing into his.
Rumors are that they may be bringing that show back.
Now the guiding light is going off on CBS.
So poppers are all vanishing.
They're vanishing.
Brigitte.
I'm proud to say I haven't watched that show any of those shows in a long.
In maybe a year.
Well, if you take it back in the exact same thing will be happening.
That's right.
I've seen the little be.
No, but I'm glad that I haven't.
Because then if I was like still hooked into it and then they take it off the air, that would be bad.
Oh, what am I going to do now?
You know, there's no Alan Spalding, you know.
This one and that one.
I wonder if Philip ever came back.
You know how it is on the soap?
They never died.
They died, but then all of a sudden they came back.
They're not really dead.
We were just, we were just fun in you.
Neil.
God.
I'm not a kid, but I want a new one.
I'm a little girl too much, my little guy.
I couldn't find the perfect one in London.
But in Africa, they have one I can buy.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A baby, a baby.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A new one from a louis.
Even though the one I want has parents.
I won't let that back get in my way.
I want to outdo bread in Angelina.
So I'm gonna take one home with me today.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A baby, a baby.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
Fresh from a louis.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A new kid.
A new one from a louis.
A baby, a baby.
A baby.
Why doesn't she just adopt all the kids in the world?
How does that sound?
Sure.
God am I tired of her and now I crap.
She's the new Michael Jackson.
What?
She's the new Michael Jackson.
Collective.
She lives that don't belong to her yet.
I see.
James says although your sight doesn't change very much other than the bedtime stories.
It's nice to see that someone added a favicon to your bookmark Bravo.
Now I can find you in the list without my glasses.
I have no idea what that is.
Me either.
Favicon.
F-A-V-I-C-O-N.
Is that like Maddickone?
Sure.
Favicon.
You're a Favicon.
Maddickone.
Favicon, I don't know.
Greg in LaRida says I had to be terror on Social Security disability in Commodates 45 in 1998.
They told me my check would deposit the third Wednesday of September.
It didn't show up until a week or so later than expected.
All around time since then.
And a 5.8 raise at the first of the year better than most jobs I had.
And listing on a 1980 Kenwood R5000 receiver using 127 foot inverted V-Dipole antenna.
Ooh.
I think that's a little bit too much information.
I could be wrong.
I don't know what it might have been, but it just sure sounds impressive.
We're very impressive.
He's the most beautiful.
But at any rate, okay Greg, whatever you say.
Heath, you know Heath?
Oh, an S clown.
Subject, best.
I think the best line I've ever at WQM was the big old Joe Neil Maddog in Hank.
The weakest Moe and Kildee George Jackson DA.
Kildee.
G-U-I-L.
Yeah.
D-Y.
Fat living with mommy shut in.
He's trailer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, what does that have to do with anything?
I don't know.
Did anybody ask what was the best line up ever at WQM?
We're not talking about that.
Oh my God.
That's Joe Bell.
I could be.
Wayne Heising has said subject George's employment.
I want to let George know I've secured him a position of one of our fine-broward blockbuster locations in the event he's laid off.
Please give him my best wishes.
The only problem with that is that Wayne's got nothing to do with a schlockbuster anymore, but nevertheless.
This is what you get from...
The creature's out there.
Oh yeah.
Creature features.
The crowd.
Oh, a fat man after dark says, in honor of you starting social security, can I make a shameless request for you to play Old Neil?
I like Old Neil.
The line about sports hole concubine radio gets me every time.
Yeah, I'll work on it.
What do you want done with your dead body?
I don't care 16.
Creamy didn't scatter in a special play 16.
Whatever's cheap is 12.
And harvest organs and then dispose 10.
And then after that single digits, small potatoes.
After that.
Do whatever you want with it.
Okay, have a party with it. I really don't care.
Once you're dead, that's it.
Oh no, Neil, you're going to go to heaven or hell.
Perkatory.
You could be a richly eaten.
Ron from Miami says, whatever you do, once you get your first payment, you cannot move until you die,
because it'll take 50 years to get them to change the address.
See what it doesn't understand is that when you're getting direct deposit in your bank,
it doesn't make any difference where you live.
Am I right?
Yes, unless you change banks.
Right.
And if you change banks, then God forbid, they still haven't called me back and I'm not holding my breath.
Should I hold my breath?
No.
I'm not going to hold it just as well.
I'm not going to hold it.
Well, we sure got a dearth of emails today.
I'll tell you that.
NeilatNeilRodgers.com.
Crank them up, baby.
Get them going.
That's my fault for starting with that social security cramp.
But it's one of those things, you know, inquiring minds want to know.
And you certainly think in a place like South Florida, that would be an area of real expertise.
Jim says the Fabicon is the little image that shows up next to your bookmark.
Whatever that means.
Okay.
Fabicon is a favorites icon on your internet browser.
By the way, Neil, I'm the new NeilRodgers.com Fabicon.
By the way, Neil, I live the new, I don't know what he's talking about.
He loves, I think.
He loves it.
Andre from West Park.
He loves it.
We don't know what it is or that we had one, but he loves it.
Well, that's good.
At least nobody's complaining about our Fabicon.
That's a little bit different than usual.
Usually it's.
It's.
Yeah, it is.
That's the sound of South Florida.
It's like when I was eating in that horrible Grand Lux Cafe.
I didn't say it, but I should have.
As soon as I took the first bite of that swill, I should have gone.
Like that.
Gravity, guys, says along the lines you're reading obituaries are not too famous.
People, here's one more.
Another Cuban, no less comic book and animation artist Rick Estrada died May 1, 2009.
The result of a long losing battle with prostate cancer.
Rick Estrada, do you ever hear him?
No.
How about Eric Estrada?
Yes.
Hey, Eric Gay.
Rick was born February 26, 1928 in Havana, Cuban.
He began selling his work at age 13 to a popular Cuban magazine called Bohemia.
He attended the University of Havana where he always claimed another student was Fidel Castro.
Via Aurelative, he developed a friendship with Ernest Hemingway who took an interest in the young artist's work and encouraged him to relocate to New York.
Rick moved the rate of age 20 but later ended up traveling the world and living briefly in dozens of other cities.
Whatever happened to Ethan Hawke, by the way?
Did he die or something?
I don't know.
He's a real vanished.
Really?
Ethan Hawke.
I'm thinking of that movie, Great Expectations, you know?
Remember that?
No.
The remake of that old, old movie with Ethan Hawke and Danero was in it.
Was it good?
That was pretty good.
Because Ethan Hawke was in it.
Whenever he was back in Manhattan, this is Rick Astrada.
He managed to work in comic books including the EC War Comics in the 50s, other companies including Hillman, Western Publishing, St. John and Ziff Davis.
Rick occasionally dabbled in newspaper strips including assisting on Flash Gordon and later,
go strong that strip as well as some of the Flash Gordon comic books.
Most of his comic book, a work was done in the 60s and 70s for DC primarily on romance and war comics.
There was a period when he drew superhero titles, pencil and comics like All Star Comics, Freedom Fighters and Karate Kid.
During the 80s he moved to LA, worked for Hannah Barbera Studios designer and layout artist.
Rick was married three times, had eight children.
One son Seth is currently producing a documentary about his father.
Rick Astrada, never heard of him.
He's dead now.
Too late.
Oh well.
Well, at least, you know, we got a little information there.
If we're going to know you, at least after you're dead, it's something.
Mike Johnson's is, I don't want to clog the email with a long story, but pretty funny story about how,
Hanley Ramirez almost seriously injured, Regis Philbin at the game last night.
Story is on the Sun Central homepage if you're so inclined, no, I'm not.
Bring back the Sun Tatler, Mike says, now you're talking, the Hollywood Sun Tatler.
Here's one that says, Fabricon is a tiny little image just to the left of the web address which helps for visual identification while going through a bookmarked book.
It's a person in history and your web browser.
Yeah, I noticed the pop up there. It's neat.
Did it pop up?
Doesn't it say in the art?
And let me go to our, where does it pop up?
Oh yeah, where it says in our?
Yeah.
That's her Fabricon.
It's fuzz, so impressed.
Oh yeah.
Howard David's a bitch.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
Yeah.
That's her.
That's her.
That's her.
Aboutник...
That's her.
Oh, sorry.
1132 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday.
Tuesday is Bruce Williams still on here somewhere and he died.
I don't know.
I know what he can do with this.
We can channel his spirit either way.
Oh, yeah.
What's doing on a Tuesday?
What's doing on a Tuesday?
He was just crap.
Here's one from somebody, Jimmy.
Says, don't not coast to coast.
You wish you had their numbers.
Yeah, I'd like to have a 20-year.
See, I'm in a 20-year overnight from 1 to 5 in the morning.
It translates to like 10 people.
There's just nobody listening.
Everybody's shluffin.
Eddie K. had his faults, but he's miles away from DA the bore.
Out of all Joe Bell's moves, this was the dumbest.
Like you said, how much could they have been paying Eddie?
Plus, his signal was as bad then as it is now at night.
If Joe Bell had a brain, which he does not, he would have you do the same 10 to 2
and have mad dog from 2 to 6.
The big O6 to weight, Eddie K. from 8 to the last ball score.
So there's some programming advice from Jimmy in the audience.
Hey, Jimmy.
I wonder if he knows Jimmy's syphilitic.
Haven't heard from Jimmy's syphilitic since the numbers came out,
except about their ratings party.
Haven't had no congratulations from them about, oh gee,
you had a 6.7 share in there and you're, wow, how about that?
You've almost got number two in the book.
I almost got a really good bonus.
We got a little, a little driven a draft, not much.
What do you get for a third about 10 bucks?
Don't answer that.
It was just a rhetorical question.
Eight bucks.
Yeah, that's what I would think.
I get more than you though.
I get, I get, I'll say.
I did okay.
They actually changed the, that's the only positive in this new five-year deal
I inked with them that Norma can't and Joe Bell put together.
Is they actually increased the ratings instructor?
Yeah.
So I got twice as much for this as I would have in the old days.
And I'm sure the only reason they did that is they assumed that, you know,
once they destroyed the show is nobody would ever get any rating bonuses anymore.
Right.
Like I'm sure they're assuming for the new measurement thing
which starts in July.
Won't that be something?
I don't know how that's going to fly, but I think it's going to be pretty interesting, you know?
Yeah.
Can't wait.
Pretty interesting.
Carol and Ian and Hamilton Ontario right down the road, eh?
Hamilton a horrible place.
Of all those smoke stacks and just, oh, red necky.
Says hello, Neil.
Congratulations on the last ratings.
Hard to believe that in spite of Bell Beasley and Joyce, you can still do it.
Yeah, I'm hard pressed to believe it too.
I kept telling you we might get some bonus money, but I never really believed it, you know?
I was trying to talk myself into it.
I think I did.
Good job.
The problem I see is that they, Bell Beasley and Bitch, will take full credit for the results.
Who cares as long as we get our bonus, they can do whatever the hell they want?
Now, here's one that I don't understand.
Will your social security be clawed back when you do your income tax next year as it is here in Canada?
I think what they're asking is, do they tax social security? The answer is yes.
Hang in there, in George's, too.
We love you, Carol and Ian and Hamilton Ontario.
Isn't that great?
Yes.
They've been around for a while.
They may be our only listeners in Hamilton.
The thousand down twenty-three points.
It hasn't been doing much today.
Up a little bit, down a little bit, up and down, in and out.
Your buddy Heath, he's your favorite, isn't he?
Oh, yeah.
Under any name, he's a bit.
Now he's taking a shot at me.
What does George think of wealthy men who have more than enough money to live and yet they've provided SSI in addition?
Question mark.
Well, guess what?
All people who pay into it during the course of their lifetime are entitled to social security.
Whether they're super wealthy, whether they're schleppers or somewhere in between.
How do you like that, Heath?
I love you.
More than enough money to live on my ass.
God.
There's no such thing anymore as more than enough money to live on.
There's no such thing.
Especially when they chop your salary in half.
Oh, Johnny is back.
Johnny Quest about Anna Maria.
He must be obsessed.
Yeah.
Well, what is she doing?
George gave his typical line answer.
His only reply was yes, I talked to her.
Yeah, I answered your question.
What if I talk to her?
This guy does not belong in radio.
This is Johnny Dork.
Right.
Whenever I send a question to the ticket Mark Hockman always responds with an answer.
He passes it on to the bastard and the question is answered on the ear.
George needs to take a lesson from a hawk on how to communicate.
This is from across the street.
Of course it is.
I answered your question most of the agitating emails are from across the street.
And by the way, your book's still sucked.
No matter how many agitating emails you guys sit around and send.
Your book sucked.
It is blue.
And the numbers keep dropping and dropping even in the afternoon where libaster was doing a pretty damn good.
Had that one book with some wire diaries.
Now he's down to a three three.
Yeah.
Don't seem all that impressive to me.
And manage to even beat the crap out of him in one hour.
I think the five to six hour.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Sophomorec.
Oh, juvenile.
Let's talk about his question.
Because I answered yours.
You asked if I speak to her and I said, yeah.
What is she doing with the answer to the question?
The answer to his question.
How she's doing what she's doing is none of your business blow it out your ass.
There you go.
Good.
That's the kind of answer I like.
Unlike across the street where hawk mark takes the time.
Listen, if hawk marks got time to be emailing me every day, then he certainly got time to answer your stupid questions.
Anna Maria, don't want nothing new with you, Johnny.
Quest.
Johnny, door.
Whoever the hell you are.
What weren't she and Johnny, doorknob, they worked together on the coast.
We all did.
Well, I mean, I'll do it on the coast, but they're in that same building.
Yeah.
We're all the same.
They were co-workers.
Sure.
So Johnny, doorknob, wouldn't be asking.
No, it's across the street.
Of course it is.
Some jackball across the street.
Some imbecile.
Some stupid.
And of course, the city kid in the twittering with flea.
Remember we got that spy report yesterday that the city kid was twittering with flea about him going on.
After your job and so on.
Yep.
He's one of those people who just don't want to go away.
Said the kid.
I got a live spot coming up that I didn't even see it.
Well, there you go.
Glad you saw it.
Oh, God.
So the aim of the thing, hey, listen, I can't afford to be missing any talent fees.
I'll tell you that right now.
In spite of what that moron heat says across the street.
It's probably a stew gots.
Heath.
Or one of the other children sports children.
Scab pickin' socks with sand.
That's it.
Scab pickin' e.
Lifeless cheese.
Snack looking dirty.
Scab pickin' armpit.
Squeezin'
Oh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Who won the game?
Who won the game?
Did the marlins play last night?
I'm losing track.
Now the best way to find out is for me to go on my crack beret and go right to the internet.
Go to espn.com.
I got to give me a new black beret.
I mean mine is really great, but it's, um, everybody always.
Oh, yours is older than the thues.
You know, you know, the internet's pretty fast on here.
Let's see scores.
The number we want.
Okay.
Want to see if the marlins played last night if they won.
They lost NHL scores.
Major league baseball scores.
NHL.
Who played last night?
There was something on.
Oh, the, uh, the Crapittles beat Pittsburgh.
How do you like that?
Let's see, the best beat the Braves, Red Sox beat the Yankees.
Good.
Not that I like the Red Sox.
Cleveland beat the Blue Jays in 12 NHL.
That's bad.
Blue Jays are off to a really good start.
Anybody care?
And in 14 NHL, the marlins beat Cincinnati Reds 3-2.
The Marlins won a game.
That news?
That's a bulletin' for all you overgrown children out there.
The Marlins won a ball game.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQA.
Still good.
I like luxury in Cocoa.
Party.
Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream.
Now cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Ringding.
And chocolate chip ice cream.
Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that?
Hand-damped.
The liquid with chocolate swirl ice cream.
I like this stuff a jelly down it with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and lift the chocolate and everything melt into the dough.
Hell about peanut butter and jelly.
What a chocolate covered grey emcracker.
With them I use a banana on top.
Have a little lemon in my water please.
I make chocolate chip cookies with M&M.
I'm going to talk it.
They all melt.
Junior, can I have a little more lemon in my hot water please?
Still up a lot of lemon?
Uh, no.
I'd like a little fresh orange juice squeezed in mine if you got it.
No, sorry.
Okay then, lemon.
The crow.
Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this place just to drop?
Where's your actual food?
It's covered with that slick dark chocolate.
You know?
Oh boy, how'd you write this stuff one that I'm in a down man?
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Get the honey, Junior.
Give me my honey, Junior.
It's in the cupboard, though.
Well, get it.
What else did they cover with that chocolate?
I mean, besides the orange, which is grapes, peaches, strawberries.
Junior, the honey.
Those big juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark dark chocolate.
Whoa.
Mmm.
That's the honey.
Get the honey.
Let me know.
Tom Delaries is dead.
Boy, too much talk about dead people in social security, you know what?
Ah, whatever.
Here's the young fag, Adam Oshmuck from Kitsner Waterloo.
Is he?
Well, I was never sure.
I had my suspicions, not that I really care.
A subject, greaty, more size.
Says had a really good game last night, and God is he cute, says Adam.
Hey, Adam.
You fairy.
Well, there you go.
See, that's why he's obsessed with his show.
Because the host is gay, old fag.
Too bad you're so ugly, Adam.
I mean, let's see.
Junior in New York City says,
Needle God, a great comic talent, Tom Delaries.
He'll be missed.
Get the honey, Junior.
Thanks, Neil, for the lashes, always it says.
No extra charge, Junior.
And it just goes to show you, and now here's the little short o-bit.
Tom Delaries is survived by his wife of 43 years, Carol Arthur, three sons, Peter Michael and David and three grandchildren.
All those rumors about him being gay.
He's had a wife.
Doesn't that prove it to you like your governor?
Sure.
A lot of rumors about Tom Delaries and Bert Reynolds, by the way.
Boy, those were some bad movies.
The only good movie I ever saw him in was Fanzo, which for some reason a lot of people don't like it.
I always recommended very highly, and some people,
Oh, that was boring.
I thought it was great.
Didn't you?
Yep.
Watched it like five times.
Especially if you've been battling fat all your life like me, Fanzo.
That's the honey, Junior.
Exactly.
That was really something when we had that guy on the ear.
We were down on the second floor.
I'll never forget it.
Yep.
Now, how did that come about?
Did you call him or?
Yeah, it had to be.
Something like that.
Somebody laid the number on me or he was in town doing some comedy.
The opportunity arose and I jumped on it.
I'll be damned.
Another great comic has died.
Tom Delaries passed away at an LA hospital around 6 p.m.
A Monday reports TMZ.
75 years old.
And fat.
Oh, well, 75 in that fat isn't all that bad, you know what?
No, you know who reminds me of an identical twin of him that New Orleans chef that Paul Poudon or whatever's name is.
Right.
That big fat Shenuous.
What is it?
K. John.
K. John.
Yeah.
Like a general honor.
K. John.
They brought general honor.
I'm talking about swine flu a couple weeks ago.
I thought to myself, boy, if there's anybody I'm not going to listen to with him, the K. John expert general honor.
A film and TV staple since the mid 1960s.
Delaries was an expert foil for other performers including Dean Martin, Mel Brooks in six of his films and Bert Reynolds with whom he starred in the Cannonball Run Flicks and Boy Were They Bad.
Oh, in 1980 played the lead in FATSO, a film written and directed by Anne Bancroff, the late wife of Mel Brooks.
An noted gourmand gourmand, Delaries authored two books of his Italian recipes and wrote several children's books.
He voiced numerous characters in animated films and TV.
And now he's dead.
Down, Delaware.
Oops, sorry.
That's what I meant.
Oh, geez.
For just a second there, I thought you were responsible.
You done it with your magic wand.
No, I liked on Delaries.
Yeah, who wouldn't like down, Delaware?
I mean, what's not to like?
He was a funny guy.
Yes, he was.
And generally, FAT people are funny guys, you know?
And those movies were horrible.
Those Cannonball Run.
Cannonball Run movie.
Awful.
But he was funny in them.
Yeah.
Oh, he's always funny.
Just to look at him, he was funny.
Maybe that's why FAT people are generally funny.
Because you look at them and you go like that.
Bert Reynolds, on the other hand, other than Boogie Knight's and Deliverance.
Those were the two movies he was in that I really liked.
And other than that, he leaves me limp.
That's about it.
Deliberate and Boogie Knights.
Anybody who doesn't like Boogie Knights is just an idiot.
Oh, no, that's a humor.
Here's one from Giovanni.
If you have AT&T, get the new Blackberry Bold.
It's 3G, Fashed and very nice under 200 bucks.
It's my first Blackberry, and I love it, it's a Giovanni.
The Bold.
I think that's the one that Paco's got.
I don't know.
He's always got to be way ahead of me.
Look at this.
Now, this is some heavy-duty stuff.
NIA, a.C. New York cocktail fundraiser to protect the Persepolis artifacts
and preserve our heritage.
The W. Say.
What's true?
And there's Christiana Amampur, if he's going to be there, and Amy Goodman,
and a whole bunch of other people.
The Asia Society and Museum, Saturday, May 30th, in New York.
Put it on the calendar, George.
We'll be there.
OK.
And look at this.
Jen says, oh, and tell George, he sounds like he's talking through a tin can today.
Terrible reverb on his mic.
No, there's not.
There are nanny.
I don't hear any reverb on anybody's mic.
Here's first key.
How do you have a bit that has something to do with winning a Mexican?
My father's requesting an honor of Cinco de Mayo if he haven't already played it.
Go ahead.
That's a very good plan, actually.
What?
Because it is Cinco de Mayo.
It is.
I'll Cinco de Mayo.
Should play that bit.
And every other Mexican bit is still going to give you a Mexican sound.
May 5th Cinco de Mayo.
Mexican National holiday.
Some stations are giving away trips to Cancun.
Some are giving away trips to Mexico City.
But we're bringing Mexico to you.
That's right.
We're giving away Mexico.
Real live Mexican.
Caramba.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back.
And we hope you want to use your own personal Mexican.
They'll wash your car.
Clean your house.
Make your car.
Anything you want.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio some beacuse.
Be the 10th color when you hear this sound.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Bating and de-lossing of Mexicans is winners responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with your own home.
Every day with your very own Mexican people listening to win.
We've been really remiss.
We haven't wished anybody a happy Cinco de Mayo.
Maybe somebody out there actually knows what it is.
I'm sure Paco would, but he and here.
What?
It's Mexican Independence Day.
Is that what it is?
Didn't you know?
No.
They're 4th of July.
Is it really El Clorte de Julio?
See, except it's on El Cinco de Mayo.
Oh.
When they celebrate Mayo.
Maybe today's the day I get my Social Security benefits in my checking account, but I doubt it.
They never called me back, by the way.
In a very clear voice, leave your name, your Social Security number, your telephone number, your shoe size, your penis size, all of these things.
And they never called me back.
They're not going to call here. It's a long distance.
If they're too cheap to give a toll-free number for outside the U.S., then they sure are not going to be making no long distance calls.
Right?
Right.
An addition to which it's only been about three hours since I called.
I mean, what do you expect?
Brian says, see, this is the way these things start going.
I've just like the serious crap.
Same garbage.
What I'd love to hear you at WTKS.
You have a lot of listeners in central Florida.
A lot of my friends and a few co-workers are fans of yours.
I listen online and see who the static went in the car.
Jim Phillips is a progressive free thinker.
You guys have been a great combination.
I hope this works out.
I hope this works out.
Fantasizers. That's what these people are.
Fantasy people.
Keep channel is no more going to pay me to do five minutes than chickens are going to start peeing all over your roof.
God.
Oh, you're wrong.
You'll get normal can't on it right away.
And you're going to make a zillion extra dollars to be on an Orlando on FM.
I wouldn't mind being on FM again.
That's where it's at.
That's where the audience is.
What little audience radio has got left is on FM.
AM.
Forget it.
Right. That's where it's at.
A signal you can actually hear.
A hundred thousand watt signal.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah, it would.
I don't see how it would change the show.
We could probably take some calls to.
Just take calls from the Orlando area.
Although some people probably would be calling a long distance, you know.
Yeah, I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Even in Orlando, I'm your friend.
If murder were legal.
Boy, if I got a list, wow.
Me too.
Oh boy.
Starting right in that building, by the way.
Never less.
That was down about six and a half points.
It's not doing much.
Don't get all goosey about it.
In spite of Maria bee emailing earlier.
And also Greg Vudelle chimed in here.
What a horrible.
He looks not a day over 90.
Maybe I'll forward this picture to you with two skanky bitches.
Oh my god.
Two nasty looking broads.
But then again, who else would be hanging out with somebody?
He looks like the skeleton of Gregory Benjamin Vudelle.
Oh, you made a mistake.
Did I?
Cinco de Mayo is not Mexican Independence Day.
Well, somebody steered me wrong.
Somebody gave you some bum.
I'm looking for your holiday.
Oh, I am for our alien.
I'm Russian.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
I sure hope this bit is okay that I'm going to play as Bob and Tom.
I'm going to eat that outer.
Mexican honeymoon.
We went to Mexico on the honeymoon.
Oh, did you battle test a relationship?
This is the food.
Yeah.
You wake each other up.
I really good love you.
Yeah, you don't know what to say.
You know, you're just laying there.
And it's like, whoa, geez, honey.
When did we eat burning tires?
Oh, Yoshi Schmendrick has given me crap.
I can't believe you didn't know what Cinco de Mayo was.
You know what that bit says?
Cinco de Mayo Mexican independent.
Isn't your son Mexican?
You always talk about him.
I'm not sure if it is your son.
No, it's not.
But it sounds like somebody you care about like a kid.
That's right.
Sorry for I'm wrong about that.
I don't need to be rude or funny.
I hope you don't take it the wrong way.
Anyway, Yoshi, you don't know either.
He's given me crap.
Meanwhile, he thinks that you had the right answer.
Let me get to some of these corrections on here.
How did George embarrass himself all the time?
Didn't that bit say that Cinco de Mayo Mexican independent state?
Something like that?
That you just played?
Oh, yeah, I think maybe that's where you got the wrong answer.
Where the hell is that thing?
Oh, there it is.
The station.
Yeah, I know what it's under.
If I found it the first time, do I think I can find it again?
No, necessarily.
May 5th Cinco de Mayo Mexican National holiday.
Oh, next to Mexico.
I didn't think of anything about Independence Day.
There you go again.
No wonder, Joe Bell wants to fire your next D.S.
National holiday based on what?
Cinco de Mayo is not Mexican independent state.
There independence day September 16th.
The 5th of May commemorates the Mexican Army's defeat of French forces
at the Battle of Fabla in 1862.
Oh.
Under the leadership of Mexican General,
Ignacio Saragosa Seguín.
Seguín.
In English, he would be Seguín.
I went to high school with a kid named Jim Seguín.
How do you like that?
He was okay.
It wasn't real cute.
The outnumbered Mexicans defeated a much better equipped French Army
that had known no defeat for almost 50 years.
However, Cinco de Mayo is not an obligatory federal holiday in Mexico
rather a holiday that can be observed voluntarily, like Sookas, like that,
like Simha Stora.
While Cinco de Mayo has limited significance nationwide in Mexico,
the data is observed in the U.S.
and other locations around the world as a celebration of Mexican heritage and pride.
However, a common misconception in the U.S. is that Cinco de Mayo is Mexico's independent state,
which is actually September 16th,
the most important national patriotic holiday in Mexico.
How do you like that?
Mr. Hotshot?
Already then.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
Mike Rosenthal is going to come to the studio and point at you and say,
you made a mistake.
Gee, I can't wait.
And then you're going to knock all his teeth out.
Well, speaking of knocking people's teeth out, this is bizarre.
Subject, what's happening to Randy Rhodes as Alan Adelstein?
As a long time, let's do a Soviet Gulf Stream.
I win there at slots all the time, not much, but regularly.
Well, thank God for that, because there's someplace else down there where nobody wins at slots.
Unless it's a miracle.
I'm not going to mention where.
Remember that thing we had about the payouts?
But anyway, I don't want to go into it again.
Here's the meat of this email, bizarre.
Her Randy Rhodes's fellow was pushed on her face.
claim she lost all her front teeth and had her something pushed in.
Didn't hear your comments.
Perhaps she doesn't want you to come in on the air.
I don't know anything about it.
Is this the time she was allegedly mugged?
Yeah, I don't know.
Back in the scare of Merricka, days ago, there was this again.
I don't know.
She's fellow was pushed on her face.
I wonder if it happened in...
Where?
Although I doubted.
She doesn't want you to comment on it.
I don't talk to her.
I have no communication with her.
These people who think that everybody in a radio business, we have like this bonsai pipeline.
And we're all...
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know like that.
Yeah.
I don't know what you're talking about, Alan.
Also, I've been trying to get my new Russian wife or social security card.
Now, she has her green card and employment card.
However, the SS people claim after...
That's a good name for the SS.
Claim after two months that her name is not correct on the immigration form.
Now, if the CIS can issue her green card,
why can't the SS people give her a number?
Congrats on the good ratings.
Keep George.
Cis Allen.
Well, thanks.
Thanks, Alan.
But I don't know nothing about Randy.
Nope.
Is she coming back on soon?
May 11th or something like that?
I'll ask Al Rogers.
He'll won't say they might own Al Rogers.
I'll ask Al Rogers if he's stalking her ass again.
Of course he is.
The defeat of the French forces at the Battle of Pribla in 1862.
Wow.
I'll come up with it.
Oh yeah, I don't care.
Now, here's a really interesting one from the fake Dave LaMont.
And the reason I know it's the fake Dave LaMont,
because the name is spelled wrong.
That's generally a pretty good tip off.
LaMont, LAMO and T.
Oh, maybe he forgot how to spell it.
Yeah.
Well, he's been in a business.
It's a lot of pressure.
Subject.
Any work, question mark?
You know what's crazy?
The fact that Hammer, myself, Gully,
and if you have this with a lot of experience,
can't find any work in this market.
It is very upsetting.
I haven't been on the radio since Clear Channel.
Garretta me when they hired Jimmy Cifilis at the time I was sports director for WIOD.
Also a sports news guy on Paul and Young Ron.
But when Jimmy arrived, everything went south.
Not that I'm super talented or anything, no, you're not.
But there is freaking 30 sports stations in this market,
and I can't find a job coincidence.
I'm not sure, but I feel like Jimmy really stabbed me in the back
and didn't take in consideration the fact that I have family
after an o' living.
This job wasn't a hobby for me like it is for Jimmy.
I never told anybody about this publicly,
but Jimmy is an A-hole inconsiderate ex-jocke,
who thinks very highly of himself.
Jimmy, I hate you, man, sign the fake Dave.
Dave Lamont spelled wrong.
Maybe Dave Lamont is related to a Tim Watts' name.
I can't spell George Sennano's name right?
Tim Hortz's client.
A lot of bad spelling, man.
That's the tip off.
I was in the national spelling bee.
Whatever the hell they call it.
Did you know that?
Yeah, no I did not.
I was a little kid.
And the word I spelled wrong was freight.
Freight?
Freight?
E-I.
I before E except after C.
That's what they teach you in school.
Except.
And so I spelled Freight.
F-R-I-E-G-H-T.
And they said,
go sit down, fat boy.
Yeah, I before E except after C.
Have any of that?
Except we see you as an A, as an way, and then freight.
What?
Except when it sounds like an A.
How's it going A?
I just hit the mic with my hand.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, I heard it.
Oh, there's Ben Buranke giving a song in advance.
The third guy.
The sharp inventory liquidation that has been in progress.
It's going to be a little slow over the next few quarters.
Final demand should also be supported by fiscal and monetary stimulus.
Swine to Love Break opens national racial ethnic tensions.
Mexican citizens to return from China.
They're kicking them out.
Who wants to be in China anyway?
Nothing.
George got it wrong again.
It says, I hate to be, waaah!
When you're wrong, e-mailer.
But all George believes in the common misconception about Cinco de Mayo.
Yeah, I've been through it.
Then it says at the end of this,
George is a sad excuse for a spick.
G.
Sorry, that's good enough for some people.
Here's one from VN.
Oh, PS, what did I ever do to you?
Now you know who this is from?
Yeah.
That ass clown.
You know, why does every manager hate George?
Does he just rub people the wrong way?
It's not like this is an isolated incident.
There have been multiple situations without you.
He'd be back working behind the counter at Poio Tropical.
PS, what did I ever do to you?
You made those stupid calls.
That's what you did to me.
A whole bunch of them.
Always saying the same nothing.
Sam in Boston says, independent, schminder pendants.
Whenever the frog lives in anything in occasion to celebrate,
as George says, who cares?
Yeah, I agree with that, who cares?
I don't care about it.
It'll Cinco de Mayo.
Sam says, wanted to thank you for turning me on to the flavor wave of
and George's right.
It does chicken the best.
Also try rubbing down some baby-back ribs with brown sugar
in your favorite poultry seasoning.
The meat falls off the bone.
Hope you play old Neal.
I love when George takes off on the segue at the end of the bit.
That's my George Jetson car bubble car, by the way.
Oh, is that what it is?
Speaking of guys who went to high school, Ronny says,
how's Jim Park doing?
I don't know.
He's old and ugly now.
I'm sure.
Boy, he sure was something.
And he sure had some goods, man.
He had some goods, the likes of which has seldom.
Wow.
Even Harry Elephant, they was jealous.
Jim Park.
Why am I supposed to play old Neal?
Right.
Don't let me forget after the break.
Don't forget.
Eric says, please tell George that Cinco de Mayo,
we know, we know, we know.
Mexican independence is actually September 16th.
We'll have a big party.
We'll get taco smelling on Mexican independence day.
Great.
Right on the counter, September 16th.
Although they probably won't let you have anybody bring a food in because...
We'll get a sponsor to do it.
Like Armed Aborder.
Which is great.
Is it really?
Yeah.
And they're having big festivities out at the Pembroke Pines location today.
And what's going on there?
They got this big tent outside.
I think they're going to have DJs and music.
Booze.
Are they a sponsor?
Yeah, they have a part.
Oh, they were a meal deal not too long ago.
Well, I'll be damned.
Then why can't they bring you in food?
I didn't ask.
Well, you should ask.
You should...
Don't be so bashful.
Somebody in your position...
You know, that's a big Joe Bell to keep your job.
I was.
He is just...
He's just nauseating.
Just nauseating.
Don't ever call me again, Joe Bell.
Because now I know the number.
Okay?
It ends in 98.
If I see that number under again, click off you go.
Because he only calls me on my cell phone.
Every time I see that number and I see that it's him.
I know it's going to be something in the inventory.
It's never, ever anything good.
Never.
Ever.
The first time he called me was to tell me that Mohawar David had done his last show on QAM on a Friday.
At the time.
It seemed like it was okay, but turns out to have been a disaster.
Right?
Don't we miss the moment?
A lot.
More than you can imagine.
Here, another delisted to your station.
I'm so disappointed.
Can't you give that slut off and say the clock at night?
I have nothing else to listen to at night.
Please, but to get her off, we nobody enjoys her.
Thank you.
In our life from Rageel 7, it's the Neil Hatcher Show.
I like the views of the song for good writing.
The idea of time like the American Pieces.
The idea guides the white dogs in off-key.
This is my favorite karaoke.
Yeah, I love the white ant, be it ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Thoka, Brian, died.
I know.
Yeah, I heard that was some party, Gregory, through.
Yeah.
The thing I didn't go much advancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rageel 7.
I know.
Thank God.
Bill, I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor Schlepp.
Stuck on Earth.
Yes.
President, no, well, if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
The week you are, Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
I was in the public sugarlactica today, sir.
And let me tell you, the clip-out coupons in Thursday's paper are the shipping.
I discovered to myself that the end of the check-out today's rent stones were not too far
99 cents on the contrary.
Got them off.
Two brake stones for 99 cents.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones, cottage cheese.
When the coupons clearly stated that...
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this on this?
Line 7 and 9.
Click on Penal Colony.
Hello.
I forgot internet.
Three tires.
No.
Oh, okay.
And that note.
You know, I got a renegotiator.
I hate my contract.
How about a one-minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
I'll count you behind his necks.
George.
Bye-bye-bye.
There goes George.
Zoom it away.
1218 at 5.60 W to QAM.
Here's a two-part email.
The first part's not all interesting.
The second part is rather disturbing to me.
About Bubba-Dlove Sport?
Yeah.
Tom Delwee is for your information.
His wife was an actress appeared in almost every Mel Brooks movie.
She was the school teacher at the town meeting and blazing saddles.
Okay.
And the pregnant woman in silent movie, just for example, his son works in a business.
Oh, both.
One was in the cast of 21 Jump Street, ended up as a creative consultant on Stargate SG.
Tom even appeared in an episode of that show that his son wrote.
Here's the disturbing part.
You ready to be disturbed?
Okay.
Follow up from yesterday.
This morning, Bubba-Dlove Spongebob, thanks out for his audience ratings.
So he's either lying, been lied to by 93 Rock, or in a massive case of denial about his numbers.
Why would they, why would Cox Broadcasting lie to him about the number?
How can you do that?
I don't know.
I mean, the management usually lies the other way.
They can't do that.
You suck.
Right.
Paul and Ron demolished him in the book.
demolished.
They had an A2 he had.
I don't know what he had.
It was a two or three.
Whatever it was.
It was weak.
Weak.
So you asked to thank the people of South Florida for rugged and demol.
Okay.
Whatever.
John has given you a shot about Cinco de Mayo.
He says, yeah, just like the rug joints in Las Vegas.
George, you better know your facts, Mr.
Because you sure don't.
The rug joints.
What do we ever figure out it was?
The rug joints.
I said whatever the internet said it was.
The rug joints.
That's what I thought it was.
And then somebody else found something from the internet that said it.
The rug joints.
The rug joints.
The rug joints.
It was what I thought it was in the first place.
So it turns out I was right.
Well, I don't know.
I've got old-timers' disease.
So I don't know.
Eee.
Eee.
That kid's name was Mogurene.
This was a great man.
Man of vision and guts.
And there isn't even a plaque or a sign post or a statue of him in that time.
Someone put a bullet through his eye.
No one knows who gave the order.
But I heard it.
Wasn't that what he was angry?
I knew Mogurene was had strong, talking loud, saying stupid things.
So when he turned up dead, I let it go.
And I said to myself, this is the business we've chosen.
I didn't ask.
Who gave the order?
Because it had nothing to do with business.
He was green.
Absolutely.
Positively.
Absolutely.
Great.
Heim and Roth.
Yeah, we sure miss Meyer Lansky on the beach.
Let me tell you that right now in in Hellendale.
I mean, that R.J. into Dull and Sonny Rosenberg.
Is Sonny Rosenberg a crook yet or what?
Boy, if he's still alive, he's got to be 200 years old, at least.
The chronic and cocoa, you know, rustle the chronic?
Yep.
Same stuff.
I'm really surprised.
It says subject Orlando, not that Orlando would be rock solid, meaning the town, the city.
Rock solid.
Not the talk show host.
He'll be here at two, by the way, the big O.
Hi, Neil, for maybe to join your other no-lifers by saying that, in fact, your show would be a fabulous fit midday on WTKS 104.1 real radio in Orlando.
When do we start?
Yeah.
When do we start?
That's not the point that it wouldn't be a wonderful fit.
Yeah.
The point is that nobody's offering me any job, and certainly nobody's offering any money.
You and Phillips would clean up with killer books here in Central Florida, where Russian, Hannity, and a bunch of other Nazis now pollute today, time airwaves on a dozen stations.
All you have to do is invoke the clause I beg you to have Norma put into your WQM contract that lets you syndicate outside the Soundflow area, and get some engineers to throw a few switches.
Soon thereafter it would be a big numbers and big bucks.
Oh, yeah, big bucks from Cheap Channel.
You're a Dream in Russell.
You need help.
It says, and for La La Central Florida, free at last, a guy can dream, Candy.
Yeah, Dream on.
Yeah, just throw a few switches and put another ISD in line, and how do they do it?
Show me the money.
Showed up.
Yeah.
Like I'm going to go on it.
You know, it reminds me of it reminds me of when they came in from Cox Broadcasting in the old IOD days, and then I asked to us one day on a Friday.
Oh, we're going to be simultaneously casting your shows on WSW and Tampa.
Right.
And then when I Monday came and I asked Disney or whoever was in charge of that time Bob Green, I remember which one.
How much how much money are we getting paid for this?
Oh, well, we gee.
You want to get paid for that?
Yeah.
I think they gave me 250 bucks a week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
And if I wouldn't have said something, they would have given me and all of us nothing.
Oh, we're going to give you the honor of being on WSW and Tampa with a bunch of Yahoo over there.
Should be flattered.
Yeah.
With a bunch of Yehoo's.
We had some fun with that crap.
And I think what was most interesting to me was in the beginning.
I was starting to get these phone calls from people I hadn't been in contact with for a year as my old friend John Metre from Marshall Michigan.
And the bill tool who lived up to his name, he was the GM in JNO West Palm when I was there in 75.
All these people who were hearing me for the first time on SUN over in Seabring and wherever the hell they were.
Johnny Metre, your radio leader, that was down 21 points.
So I wonder if Sonny Rosenberg is still alive.
Well, we'll get some email.
We'll get some confirmation on it.
Here's one from Lucho.
My father first immigrated to the US when he was 20 years old at 70.
He immigrated back to his hometown in South America with his direct deposit social security check and the low cost of living.
He's doing pretty damn well with the house overlooking the ocean. God bless America.
PSI recently left South Florida to Obama's backyard.
And the only thing I miss about this area is the beaches and nothing else.
Why did I wait so long to leave?
I should have taken a advice earlier and got out of this town sooner says Lucho.
So his daddies collected social security down there in South America.
So we're living on the beach like a high off the hog.
Or that.
By the way, you notice how we're not hearing a damn thing about swine flu anymore?
Yeah, it seems to be out of fashion.
Yeah, that's right.
Now that they're open up the businesses in Mexico again, I think on Wednesday tomorrow.
Oh, and then some of the people in Mexico are looking for a faith based solution to the problem.
Yeah, it's how that story this morning.
Did you see it just this morning?
Oh my goodness.
Well, they tend to be a little bit, you know, Catholic.
Yeah, backwards.
Superstitious.
Right in the stone age.
Like somebody who's been brainwashed enough that he crosses himself before he takes two times.
Things like that.
Yeah.
That's adorable.
Can't hurt.
Can't help.
How do you know?
Oh, here's Anita Bryant.
The fake Anita Bryant.
Can't wait till after the break to hear what Anita has to say.
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Mighty Cyrus is Hannah Montana in Hannah Montana, the movie.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wasn't there Hannah Montana movie last year?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
That was a 3D concert for, right?
Okay, so this is going to be totally different.
Don't miss Hannah Montana, the movie guaranteed to be nothing like Hannah Montana, the concert.
Thank God for that.
Pro 31 and 560 WQM.
Although I will say this that everywhere she is, the bonus Jonas Brothers are in there.
Yep.
They got some kind of a deal with her or what?
Maybe?
Like a package deal?
Something like that.
Yeah.
I'm not going to get started on Joey Jonas again.
That's bad.
You know, it makes me sound like some kind of...
What?
Huh?
Speaking of that, popular Miami priest, Alberto QTA, where is that QTA?
Hey, QTA.
His kids hold a meet with Archbishop John Favillor to discuss photos that appear of the handsome
priest and a Spanish language TV magazine in which he supposedly is on the beach with a woman.
Oh my God.
QTA now faces possible removal from performing church functions at his parish since St. Francis
to salescatler church on Miami Beach.
Church leaders believe he has violated his vow of chastity.
How do you like that?
He may have even like touched him.
A source of the diocese who asked her main unnamed until the press release is issued said the Archbishop is called for meeting with QTA,
who hosts a popular radio show on Aradio Paz and writes an advice column in El Nuevo Herald.
And this, by the way, is from the Herald website.
Favillor issued a statement saying, I'm deeply saddened by the new surrounding father Alberto QTA.
I apologize and behave with the church in Miami to the parishiers of St. Francis to sales parish, where he serves as administrator,
to the listeners and supporters of Aradio Paz and radio peace and to the entire Archdiocese.
Brother QTA made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God.
Deal, God!
Few young boys, well, that's another story.
Brother QTA's actions cannot be condoned despite the good works he's done as a priest.
I ask for everyone's prayers at this time, the father said.
Scandals such as this offer an occasion for the church on all levels to examine our consciousnesses regarding the integrity of our commitments to the Lord and to his church.
Isabel Bukarama Montana? I wonder she's kind of Hannah Montana.
Maybe I'll ask.
Communication director for Spanish broadcasting systems mega-TV said that about a month and a half ago a paparazzi came to the station with a video of QTA and tried to sell it for 6 grand.
She said Mauricio Gerson, vice-president of programming viewed the tape and indeed showed QTA and the beach with the woman the station decided against paying for it.
They wanted 6 grand. We were not going to pay Bukarama Montana said we didn't feel two or three days worth of ratings were worth it.
How about 3 grand?
She said the sellers told the station they'd been shopping the video to other local stations.
The father and some bimbo on a beach.
How do you like that?
At least it's not some little boy anyway.
What a brother for sure.
Brother QTA be thrown to party.
Brother QTA is in hot water.
Maybe with a bimbo.
Chris and for Lauderdale says I'm not surprised the Mexicans make little fuss over Cinco de Mayo.
After all, who hasn't stopped the Mexicans in battle or stopped the French in battle?
Excuse me.
That's right. Finally Chris and for Lauderdale.
It's funny.
It's cute.
Not funny. Cute.
Unlike Don Deluis who wasn't cute but he was funny.
Who's the other comedian?
It looks just like him.
Who's definitely is.
Yeah.
I'm trying to think of his name.
Fat, bald, Joe Howard.
No.
Mohawar.
No.
Boy I can't believe I can't think of his name.
It looks like a somewhat slimmer version of Don Deluis.
Who?
Stand up guy.
Give me some moves.
Who?
Help me out of here.
Name something.
Is it a movie guy or a stand up comic?
Stand up guy.
Not Louis Anderson.
Louis Anderson.
Oh, I'm just David Olsler.
Looks like Don Deluis.
That's not me.
Fat.
Is bald?
Maybe lately.
Family feud with Louis Anderson.
That was the worst butchering of a really good show in the history of mankind.
Now they brought it back again with some other goofball on there.
I say let's bring back Ray Combs.
What do you say?
All right.
Or Richard Dawson.
Is he still a live Richard Dawson Ray?
How's that right there?
How's that right there?
I think he was, he was absolutely in the bag in a lot of those shows.
Yep.
Fried.
And by the way, don't be tell us how the Humper looked fried or whatever else they said.
Yes, what they say baked.
He looked baked.
Don't go off half baked Humper.
When you watch a TV show, we had this yesterday but it's a little bit more and this is from Brandon.
When you watch a TV show, the Nielsen rating company is supposed to keep track of it but now in sound floater,
Nielsen is being accused of ignoring you.
Patrick Fraser has this special report on Channel 7.
Ed Anson, owner of WSUN says it's a very bad situation.
It's a very bad situation.
Ed Anson is present in the Sunbeam TV owner of WSUN.
He told his employees he's suing the Nielsen rating service for violating federal antipers laws.
Specifically, the law is to accuse the company of abusing its power and running a monopoly.
Remember all the great food we used to get at IOD over there right next to Channel 7?
Oh yeah.
Boy, we sure got, we got what's his name from the Thai restaurant?
Right.
Something on Guy?
Yes, you did.
What was the name of that place?
Siam Beishore.
Siam Dal.
Okay.
Siam Dal.
Okay.
And then of course in billing, remember they screwed up all my live accounts?
They put him out of business.
They didn't bill him for the talent fees for months and months and months.
And all of a sudden, one day they discovered and they sent him a bill for like thousands of dollars.
Yeah.
That was the end of him.
What was his name?
Boon.
You're confused.
You're confusing restaurants, by the way.
He what?
You're confusing two restaurants.
I am.
The one across the street was Siam Beishore and you're thinking of Boon's restaurant,
which was something to all Siam Dal.
Siam Dal.
Yeah.
I never say anything about Siam Beishore.
You said that.
I did.
You're confusing two restaurants.
Okay.
Cinco de Mayo.
Independence Day.
That was the place that brought us the food.
What?
The place across the street was the one that brought us the soup.
No.
Okay.
No.
That was where I got to Siam Beishore.
The soup.
Right.
That's food.
But Siam Dal was a sponsor and they used to bring food all the time.
Not during my tenure.
Well, he did before your tenure.
All right.
When Marvin was doing a show, you're a good friend, Marvin Rawman.
Right.
Who's probably sending most of the emails, by the way.
I doubt it.
Do you?
Yes.
Hasn't got a computer?
I don't know.
Michael Glass, WSVN attorney, says we think the case has strong merit.
We believe that the actions of Nielsen have clearly harmed WSVN and others.
The soup came after a change in the way Nielsen gathered its ratings in South Florida.
For decades, they paid viewers to write down what they watched in October.
They switched to people meters and electronic measuring system attached to TVs.
The next day, WSVN's ratings dramatically dropped morning, noon, and night.
They switched from the diaries to people meters.
How do you like that?
And their ratings fell off a cliff.
And Anson says suddenly is of October 1st of last year.
About 50% of the young audience, the young adult audience, disappeared vanished.
Right now, the people meters are being used in 21-blanations, 200 TV markets.
Critics of the devices say they don't accurately reflect young viewers, blacks and Hispanics.
The perfect example came in South Florida with American Idol.
Ed Anson says which is of course the leading show in the country.
An American Idol overnight lost 50% of its audience.
This is impossible.
Suddenly, we didn't lose 50% of the audience and nobody else in the country did.
This doesn't make any sense.
Patrick Fraser says anti-trust lawsuits are extremely complicated, but one point seems clear.
Either Nielsen's ratings for the past 20 years were flawed before they switched to people meters,
or they're flawed now that they've switched to people meters.
Anson asked which is it?
Nielsen's answer, neither.
Anson says oh, it's extremely frustrating and I'm talking to them.
It's frustrating because what they tell you is illogical and it doesn't make any sense.
Kind of like our management.
Illogical, no make any sense.
Frustrating and financially devastating, according to lawsuit, Nielsen's claim that half the audience quit watching
lower the value of WSUN, SVN by $100 million, and the station's ad revenue dropped dramatically.
Anson says it hurts in terms of the million dollars a month we're no longer receiving from advertisers,
we're selling at lower rates, much lower rates, and that threatens the whole operation.
Wow, where all the queens going to work your channel seven shuts down.
Michael Gas is it enables Nielsen to sell to local cable operators, which previously had not been a customer Nielsen's or any other ratings agencies.
A spokesman for Nielsen said he hadn't seen the lawsuit couldn't comment yet.
If this were any other business, Anson would go hire another rating service, but according to lawsuit,
because Nielsen is a monopoly, it blocks other companies from getting into the ratings business,
leaving Anson with one option going to court.
If Anson wins the lawsuit, it could help stations across the country, but he plans to go it alone and foot the bill for lawsuit himself.
He's loaded man at Anson.
Drive back over there to the 79th Street Causeway, our old stomping run.
Go see it, knock on the door and say, hey, how about a big bag of money?
Oh, Nielsen!
Nielsen!
Yeah!
Mr. Jensen, what seems to be the trouble?
Well, Dr. I think I have a nasty case of hemorrhoids.
Well, let's have a look.
Okay.
Just as I thought, that gigantic pain in the ass isn't hemorrhoids, it's your taxes.
Oh, you need is tax preparation age.
Tax preparation age?
That's right.
Tax preparation age is the number one choice of physicians to relieve that income tax-induced pain in the ass.
Just a tiny dab of tax preparation age instantly relieves the burn of itemizing your deductions.
The painful edge of calculating your mortgage interest credit, and the intense discomfort of keeping track of those innumerable documents.
Ah, where the heck did I put that super-scheduled seat?
Oh, where's my 1099?
Where's the W2 from a dope show?
Where's my tax preparation age?
Tax preparation age.
Once you get it behind you, you will actually look forward to doing your taxes.
And never fails, I just got through reading that article about 10 minutes ago about father QDA.
Yeah.
And somebody emails it to me right now.
They might want you to read it again.
No, all in, by the way, speaking of a wanting me to read it, if I don't read something the first time, you can send it 500 times I'm going to read it.
Fakeneed to Brian.
You'll read it faster the more they send it, right?
I won't read it at all.
The fake Anita Bryant.
Just another attempt to sucker me into talking about certain people on the area who nobody has heard of in years and years.
Once you're always referring to that name, that that crowd will never be mentioned by us on this show again.
I challenge you to a debate.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
When people are falling off the face of the globe, and nobody knows they even exist anymore, they always come on their hands and knees to look at for me to like, you know, give them a little free publicity.
Not going to happen Anita or whoever the hell you are.
Oh, my A.L. chapstick says the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people.
Don Deloise.
Yeah.
The good people and that was a great line from the movie as it was.
Another line that he said that really did it for me.
He said, I feel sorry for me.
Yeah.
Remember that?
He stood there with all that gigantic girth looking in the mirror and said, I feel sorry for me.
That was good.
It was a great movie.
Yes, I think.
I liked it a lot.
A lot of people, oh, fatso, I watched it on your recommendation and it sucked.
Well, too bad.
I liked it a lot.
Josh Cordes says the real Josh Cordes.
And I'm sure this is him.
You think so?
I don't know.
He says, Neil, thanks for sending that check.
I'm sorry I haven't had the time to cash yet, but I've been far too busy doing cocktail waitresses to it at a time to cash in the far too few pennies that you sent.
I'm also coordinating the installation of the ISD in line for the new studio, so that project will get handled with the same type of attention to detail.
I give all of my work.
Yeah, we saw that yesterday.
Now that you're getting social security, think you can bump those checks up a little higher.
Thanks, Josh.
Oh, no.
Now, in fact, that was his last check.
So what's he talking about?
Now if that Chris gets all the big denerro.
Tubby.
Yeah.
The fake Tom Zickis says Jim Phillips is a great talent.
He's been singing your praises for years.
He pushed to have the station pick up your show during the WSU end days of the mid 90s.
The monsters are more Tampa Redneck, similar to above the Loves Fund, but Phillips is right up your alley.
Ed Till used to do mid days on the stations before the monsters in Shannon Burke.
Aaron Summers came from the station as well.
And.
And.
Phillips is right up your alley.
Why would I care about that?
Why would I care who else is on the radio station?
I know, of course, though, if they would pay us a bunch of money.
Yeah.
Right.
I'd care if that's what it's all about.
Fake Tommy.
It's all about a few bucks and believe me, cheap channeling, paying nobody a few bucks.
But call up Norma Cantons.
See what she can do about it.
Get on the simulcast.
In Orlando.
How could we relate to the rednecks in Orlando?
I guess they're not all rednecks, but.
Yehues.
You relate to Orlando?
No.
Don't know much about it other than, you know, you got a Disney World.
And Eric could fill us in because Eric, of course, has been up there in Orlando for a long time.
Is he moving out of town or just moving around around the computers or moving?
Oh, the data is moving.
What does that mean?
Well, you know how you have stuff on your computer there.
Mm-hmm.
And you get a new computer.
Yeah.
You transfer everything over from one computer to the other.
Mm-hmm.
Like that.
Oh.
Robert says another South Florida resident will be out of this God for Sakin Town.
Is this God for Sakin State as soon as we can sell our house.
Could be here for a while, so wish us luck.
Good luck, Robert.
You'll need it.
Gonna move to North Carolina so I can run into George and piss him off.
Love this show and any rights.
Oh!
That.
Good luck to you, Robert.
You'll need it.
Selling his house.
Want to buy a house?
Sure.
How much?
Eight bucks.
Third, man.
Yeah, 30 cents.
Eight bucks I've got.
Roger says Uncle Neal, you are absolutely correct, sir.
I meant to say I had the show horse.
Oh, so Muskeman must have come in turd.
Not the place.
Pioneer of Nile was second.
I know that Muskeman was third.
My bad.
Don't let Social Security ruin your day after all.
You are dealing with the government, Mrs. Roger.
They're not going to ruin my day.
Just annoying.
That's all.
Not ruining my day.
They never called me back by the way.
Now it's almost 1 o'clock.
They never are going to call me back.
And they don't even give me the song that ends about, you know, please hold.
All of our people are busy.
No, not please hold.
In a clear voice, when you hear the beat, believe your name and choose size,
and all of this, and somebody will call you back if you live long enough.
They suck.
I mean, I don't know.
It's not like an emergency like I'm going to starve to death without the money,
but it just seems to me when somebody says you're going to receive your first payment
around April 30th that that would mean within a couple of days before or after whatever.
Wouldn't it?
Yep.
Or maybe even on that day.
But no.
Oh, God.
This is really, really sick.
Infant murder suspect says it's a dirty game in Tampa.
Who the hell would want to be on here in Tampa anyway?
I don't know for money.
Well, 250 bucks a week and that was only because I pushed it.
Police say man through baby from car in fight with X-Rolf.
And this is the same story.
Yeah.
Same story.
Two people sent it to me at the same time.
Must be a big story.
Wow.
Wow is right.
You should read both.
Wow, wow, wow.
You should read both of them.
No.
Here's the first one.
Authorities have arrested a man.
They believe through an infant from a car along I-275 this morning.
The three month old boy died.
21 year old Richard McTeeer, Jr. was apprehended around 9 o'clock this morning at 380 Arlington Drive in Tampa.
An off-duty news photographer from the child identified as a manual Murray and the Southbound emergency lane near Fowler Avenue shortly after 4 o'clock this morning.
About 45 minutes earlier, deputies were called to a home at 12414 or 15th Street for a reported domestic violence at the Marbella apartments.
The caller, Jasmine Bedwell, said that she and McTeeer were fighting and that she and her three month old son had been battered.
Bedwell told the operator the man picked up the baby and she threw him on a concrete.
I'm sorry.
The man picked up the baby and threw him on a concrete.
She's then said he picked up the child, took off in a blue Ford or Chevy Impala.
The baby was pronounced dead alongside the interstate around 430 this morning.
Investigators say he was the child taken from the Marbella apartments.
Tampa police led a located McTeeer's car at 6106101 River, COVID, and Tampa.
The car was found in the vicinity of Edison Elementary School, which was placed under modified lockdown for a time.
The Southbound on-ramps to I-275 were closed at Beerus Fletcher and Fowler Avenue for several hours as the investigation continued.
After his arrest, McTeeer was taken to Tampa Police District 3 headquarters and then taken to the Falconberg Road jail where he's being held.
When our Dustin Chase asked how he can throw a baby out of the window, McTeeer responded, it's a dirty game.
Can you interpret that?
No, I don't speak gum.
Is that like the Monix or something? What does that mean?
I don't speak scums, I don't know what he means about that.
It's a dirty game.
There's Dom DeLouise on CNN.
Uh-oh.
Hey, we hope you'll turn in to show this tonight on HLN at 11 Eastern.
Okay, great. Maybe they'll show a fatso.
Maybe they'll be too.
Maybe they'll get the honey Jr. 1 and the movie too.
Yeah.
Poor Dom DeLouise. I'll tell you, he made it to 75, it's a miracle.
I mean, he wasn't just fat.
He was huge.
Huge.
A monster in the fat business.
20, 20, and I'll tell you who was the really great was Anne Vancroff, who's dead.
The fat people are the good people and the good people are the dead people and the dead people are the good people.
She wasn't fat, but she was great Anne Vancroff.
She was a febbeloso.
She wrote it, she started it, she done it.
How many people are going to send me the article about Michael Savage's van from the UK?
How many thousand people are going to send me the same article, which maybe I'll get to it.
Third man.
Who cares about freaking Michael Savage?
God.
He belongs on the ear like I should go over to Mount Sin and perform open hearts surgery at 230 this afternoon.
And you know what?
If I get paid, I'll give it a shot.
I listen very quick.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers, one at two hours.
Oh!
Time's great, he's out.
I want some wood, you ain't too long and quite like gravy with.
He's a football player, dude, a silent world of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to build two eats.
I want to hear him go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the balls?
Yes.
Oh baby, wow!
Look at that kid.
He'll ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No need days of a business school.
Okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna know that it might need, at least until he's 28.
I'm ready, now!
I want some wood, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
Oh baby, wow!
Look at that kid, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
Oh, Florida's got 19 possible cases of swine flu.
And here I have a story about regis surviving the Marlins.
Aren't you worried about regis?
Very much, please tell me.
Here's some interesting information, this is why I haven't gotten the phone call from Social Security Return yet.
All Social Security workers are celebrating Stinco Dimaio who talked to you tomorrow.
Well, there you go.
That's certainly a distinct possibility.
TV star Regis Filman survived a scary moment at Marlins game.
How about those Marlins, huh?
The Marlins?
Yep.
Wouldn't it be nice if the people on the station could pronounce the names of the teams?
Wouldn't that be good?
Hey, you're nitpicking it.
You're nitpicking it.
Where's the thing about Domdele?
Oh, there it is.
Notable deaths.
And there's a picture of Domdele Wies with that cap.
Why is it that some bald people always wear a cap?
That answers itself, doesn't it?
But why?
If I'm invented in my body, I'm all sunburned.
No.
They don't want to get mella noma on there and nodding.
No.
They don't want to cook their coconut.
I'm not big on coconut, I've told you that.
Yeah.
Is it the Mars bar?
I still can't figure out which one is.
I know I'll enjoy his got it.
Both.
Mars bars have coconut?
Yes.
What has almonds?
The other one does not.
I see.
One makes you feel like a nut and the other one doesn't?
That's right.
Regis Filben, maybe the world's most famous and unlikely Marlon supporter,
but the legendary TV talk show was didn't mince words when it came to his pregame encounter with Hanley Ramirez.
He tried to kill me, Filben barked to a fail-axe of reporters following a second and he turned on the Marlon's telecast.
That's a quote, put it in the papers.
Actually, Ramirez made the mistake of firing a baseball at Filben from about a hundred feet away
after the entertainer cut into a session of long-toss between the Marlon's franchise shortstop and third baseman,
a mediocre Bonafaceo.
Maybe Hanley was confused seeing his both Bonafaceo and Filben are about the same diminutive size and were worrying number one Marlon's jerseys and fielders loves.
Maybe Hanley saw the way Filben reached home plate from the top of the picture's mount with a ceremonial first pitch
and thought the sprightly 77 year old could handle the challenge.
77, there we go with that again.
Filben is 77, that will cock her.
Don't you think it's time to retire?
Are you think?
Okay, that's a good age.
77.
Whatever the case, the Marlon's three to two walkoff win in 14nings over the Reds and Long Monday night at Dolphin Stadium
was nearly overshadowed by disastrous injury to the man who's logged more TV time than anybody in history.
Stop and think about that, that's true, I bet.
He's logged more TV time than anyone in history reaches.
Filben described what he was thinking as Hanley's full throttle toss headed his way.
It came like a bullet and I lost sight of it and the last man and I saw it and grabbed it, he said.
He caught the ball chest eye.
When was the last time he caught a baseball throw in that hard?
Never, he said, that's quick.
Did Ramirez say anything to him?
Not a word, said Regis.
And then flexing his right biceps, he added the kicker, he knows.
After the inimitable reed, caught Hanley's best, the austar shortstop doubled over and laughter and probably a bit of relief as well.
As it turned out, Filben had gone to the Marlon's clubhouse before the game provided if not a stirring pep talk.
At least some much needed levity after the club dropped here, forward to the cubs.
Regis is great, funny guy, second baseman Dan Ugly said, we had a good time meeting him.
He was actually taller than I thought he was going to be.
On Kerry, Kerry, he was shorter than I thought he was going to be.
Only Harry is dead and Regis, well, he's still around.
And you know that morning show his Regis and what's your name?
Kelly.
Regis and Kelly.
It's still on.
It's big nail, it's big in a boat.
Yeah.
He's okay in my book, Regis, but you know enough already.
A little over, over exposed, overdone.
By Reg, so now he's hanging around with a Marley and his boy.
It's not a good sign.
Not a good career boost to be hanging around with the Marley and his.
Here's one that says hello, Neil Rogers.
Now the good start.
Hello, Neil Rogers.
And this is from Mr. Ho.
I wonder if Mr. Ho is kind to down hole.
What do you think?
What do you know about Mr. Ho?
I'll print it out.
It looks like it could be really entertaining or not.
This boss Florida guy man, this guy is just filming at the mouth today.
And the stuff you were telling me about social security by the way,
boss totally incorrect, absolutely wrong.
So I just mid-candered rather than embarrassed you put it on the air.
See, there are some people out there and I realize sometimes they're trying to be helpful.
But they're experts on everything no matter what we ask no matter what we're talking about.
They have the inside.
That's right.
The inside poop.
Don't forget the new morning show across the street next Monday.
Mark Hox is it's going to be the same old crap.
Just what we expect more crap.
I wonder how they feel about their horrendous numbers.
And I wonder if Bubba is really building the lily about his numbers in this book.
That Paul and Ron dominated in the morning with a gigantic book on big, gigantic, not big, huge, humongous book.
They just wiped the floor with his ass.
And he's on there thanking that wild and that's only from one person.
Here's one that says it's a beautiful day in the hood, Master Rogers.
Hello, Neil Rogers.
I recently discovered you show by accident just flipping through the stations.
I really enjoyed, but you might want to consider advertising.
I've lived in South Florida for over a coon stage, but I never heard of you.
Not too long ago I heard your sidekick on air, George Ramirez.
Yeah, that's me.
At first I thought he was pretty entertaining, but after listening to him bash his wife and kids for so long
and I had to turn it off.
It was very depressing.
Neil, you make me laugh, which is something I rarely do since I got laid off, but George is depressing.
He won't shut up about how he hates his family.
Can you ask him why he hates his family?
He should be thankful to have them.
Why do you hate your family?
It's a well-organ shut-in.
Well, anyways, I've got to go know anywhere a young Asian American get a job.
I'm Asian.
That might not be your target demographic, but you're really entertaining.
Anyways, I've got to do kung fu, eat fried rice,
choke the chickens and other Chinese monstuff.
Qing Chong Chao, ai ai ai ai ai ai.
Thank you, Mr. Ho.
Like I said, I might have been entertaining.
It was not.
It wasn't amusing.
It wasn't entertaining.
It wasn't interesting.
You know what it was?
Let me come up or...
One word to describe it.
That's it.
That's what it was.
Not that he's alone, you understand.
One, oh wait, we need a lot more emails, man.
To make it till two o'clock today.
Otherwise, I'm leaving early.
Richard Gardner says Mars bars are made of milk chocolate and nougat.
Peter Paul, I'll enjoy, has almonds, obviously.
And Peter Paul Mounds has the coconut.
Mounds.
Well, I haven't seen a Mounds bar in a hundred years.
I don't like them.
They're moushy.
They're moushy.
Leonard Nash.
Remember that chronic Leonard?
Remember him?
Yep.
He used to come to the appearances now.
Oh, you do.
I think that's him.
Neil, part of the duplication if you've already seen this article 50 times today,
yes, we have.
A priest was spotted with a woman, but the no fags in the church guys still won't be happy.
Even the straight priests can't get laid.
Why are Christians obsessed with what gender their priests are not having sex with?
The church would collapse if they ever, well, I don't want to read it.
And here's a picture of father,
QDA.
He don't look too cute to me.
And here's the article again.
Yeah, we did the Leonard.
We did do it a hundred times already.
Okay, about the father with the hot chick on the beach, whatever they were doing.
And the arse dyes.
He's all been out of shape.
Oh, no, he was with a woman.
I guess he forgot that he's supposed to just hang out with little boys.
Right.
Somebody forgot to tell the father.
The whole concept is so sick and so twisted.
And you wonder why there's all these pedophiles and all these preverts in the church?
I don't wonder.
Oh, you have to, you know,
you live up to your father's cell and why is that?
Is it because sex is dirty?
No, because they were leaving their money to their children.
Because what?
In the early days of the church, the priests would have mass wealth and then leave their money to their children.
As opposed to the church.
As opposed to the church.
So don't make no babies.
Right.
But everybody else make a lot of babies.
Right.
And give your money to the church.
And give your money to the church.
Come and schlepping, especially all over Latin America.
Come and schlepping.
And put all your pesos in the plate, baby, every Sunday.
Don't inhale too hard.
You might catch that Catholic church flu.
They're looking in Mexico for spiritual help for divine intervention.
Faith-based help for the swine hunt flu.
Well, you can tell that we don't need to be in a total panic because now they're not talking about a 24-7.
They're talking about the banks and about this and about what's his name, died.
Dom De la Weeze.
Right.
All of these other things.
I like the Wee Wee.
In this tough economic climate,
our elected officials want to increase taxes.
Many of us would like to protest by staging a tea party.
But the recession has forced us to scale back.
And instead, show our disgust with a tea bag.
Yes, it's time to tea bag your congressman.
Whether it's in DC or in your state capital,
politicians need to be gently slapped in the face with reality.
And what better way than with a tea bag?
Hold them down.
Troop a tea bag in their eye sockets.
Rest one on their chin.
Rub one all over their foreheads.
Or drop a tea bag right into their mouths.
Be sure to take photos and post them on the internet.
They'll soon get the message that Americans are fed out with high taxes.
So show your patriotism and tea bag your congressman today.
One sixteen at five sixty WQM.
We got the big old coming up at two o'clock.
He had a two one in the book,
which may not sound like a giant number,
but between two and four.
That's a humongous relative discipline we've been doing.
What?
Relatively speaking.
Relatively speaking.
It's huge.
I know that's sad, but nevertheless.
Here's the deal.
I know more social security.
Unless you got something really useful to tell me.
So here's the deal.
My check is supposed to come on the 15th of the month,
but it comes on all different days,
mind anywhere from the 10th to the 20th.
So in other words, whenever they get around to it,
that's when I'll get my direct deposit.
And they sure are not going to call me back.
Four hours and 17 minutes ago that I called.
Leave your name and your shoe size and your year.
Jury selections expected to start Wednesday tomorrow.
In Seattle's first clergy sexual abuse trial involving the Seattle Roman Catholic Arts
science, he's won him only a handful of such trials nationwide
since the Catholic Church sex abuse scandal broke in 2002.
The trial to be held in King County Superior Court and Vogue involves Patrick O'Donnell,
former priest in the Spokane diocese,
who served at Seattle St. Paul Church from 1976 to 1978.
O'Donnell was removed from the ministry in the mid 80s,
admitted to Mustang at least 30 boys. How do you like that?
It was a busy guy.
The trial involves two or four men who had a 2005 lawsuit accused.
Seattle Arts dies. These leaders are failing to protect him from O'Donnell
during the time he was appreased at St. Paul's.
O'Donnell had been sent by the Spokane Bishop to Seattle in 1976
for a sexual deviancy treatment after an allegation to Rosen Spokane.
While in Seattle, O'Donnell also earned a doctorate in psychology
from the University of Washington.
In recent years, he practiced psychology and Bellevue,
treating patients 12 and older until 2002.
When the state began investigating allegations of his past abuse of minors,
he surrendered to state psychology license in 2004.
He's got some issues with the father.
Father O'Donnell.
O'Donnell's been named a numerous lawsuits and has been accused of molesting
altru boys, students, and boy scouts.
Altru boys.
Yes.
Yes.
What?
I was just leaving a pregnant pause.
I see.
Like it's something unusual.
I was giving birth to it.
Claims against him played a large part of the Spokane Diocese bankruptcy
following in 2004.
O'Donnell was named in 66 of the 176 bankruptcy court claims alleging sexual abuse
by priests in the Diocese more than any other single priest.
I thought all priests were single.
Victims of accused Spokane Bishop William Skylstad, former president of the
US Conference of Catholic Bishops, a failing to prevent O'Donnell from molesting
children even after they complained repeatedly, Skylstad supervised O'Donnell years
ago.
Maybe he gave him lessons.
The plaintiffs in the Seattle case say, and at least one Spokane Diocese leader has
contended, that the Seattle Archdiocese was informative O'Donnell's history when he was
sent to Seattle in the 1970s.
That's what they do best.
Move them around.
Like pawns on a chessboard.
Move them around.
Little molesting over here.
A lot of molesting over there.
They move them to where there's a fresh batch.
A fresh batch.
Or more than one.
And this boss Florida guy, he's gone from dead people to pedophile priests.
Boss, you're out of control today, baby.
You're just out of control.
I bet he sent me 4,000 emails today.
Easy.
Maybe 30,000.
Here's the fake fill from Pompano.
Who thank God isn't Phil Ark.
Boy, when I saw that this morning, I just wanted to die.
Oh, this is cute.
This is really cute.
Fake from a fake Neil neighbor.
This is good.
Can't wait.
At least they're listening closely anyway.
Close to your house.
Yeah.
That's what it's about.
Okay, one moment, please.
The fake fill from Pompano says there was a priest in Ireland who was fond of his chickens.
He kept in a coop behind his church.
Oh, this is a joke.
No.
Sorry.
Got the seawater in there.
I saw it once and immediately put that on the floor.
Now, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
I get it.
I get it.
Anyway, here's one from Gladys Kravitz, fake Neil neighbor.
Subject.
Strange goings on.
Dear neighbors, I'm sending this email to the entire neighborhood to inform you of a troubling incident
that occurred early last Sunday morning outside of my house.
Around 5 a.m. Sunday morning, I was rudely awakened by a loud voice outside my bedroom window.
I peeked through my blinds, was astonished to see an overweight bald, elderly man in the
bathroom screaming on a cell phone while jumping up and down on the street.
At first, I thought it was the ghost of Myrlansky, come to haunt me from Miami Beach, then I realized it was that
infamous homosexual radio personality, Neil Rogers.
I could only deduce he was in the middle of an early morning drug deal.
Now, that's it.
Suddenly a yellow cab screeched around the corner, almost running Mr. Rogers over.
Actually, I was standing in front of my door, so it would have been hard for him to run me over.
I saw an underage Hispanic boy in the front seat, resting over $20 bill with the black drug dealer, Cabe.
The passenger door burst open spilling the intoxicated adolescent out of the pavement, I knew he had to be a gay prostitute.
Mr. Rogers began beating the poor boy with a rolled-up newspaper until he was able to stumble toward the house.
Now, crazy Neil Rogers kept smacking the boy with the paper and screeching it in like a banshee as the child stopped to vomit at least two times before he crawled into the house.
Needless to say, I found the whole episode to be very disturbing.
I highly recommend all of my neighbors keeping an eye on that deviant Neil Rogers freak.
Next time I will call the police. Glad is Crabbit's fake Neil neighbor.
The next cute?
Uh, marginal.
Week.
Cute, cutesy.
Not funny.
Not creative.
Cutesy.
Week.
Hey, listen, everything is relative.
You know, compared to all the other good stuff today?
Yeah.
Boss Florida again.
I'm going to count my, my SS experience is planning to maximize your benefits, not collecting benefits.
That's the attorney's job.
We always make clients apply years and advance to avoid your problem.
I have not heard you complain about your Medicare.
That system is much easier to get in the program.
Well, that's great.
Boss.
Boss is in charge of everything now.
He's just, he's in account and he's taken over the show, taken over my life.
Here is one that says SS when you're still working.
Yes.
I thought you had to be terror make less than 14 grand a year.
Great show.
No, you don't have to be terror or make any amount.
You can continue working and collecting.
How do you like that?
And when you've had these gigantic pay cuts like some of us at WQA, some of us working under the beastly banner.
Every shackle helps.
Maybe George can start collecting.
Sure.
Never too early to try.
I'm going to start collecting anti-social security though.
Which I think is perfect for you.
That's what they say.
Who?
They.
Oh, you know who they are.
No, I don't.
The same day my mother always has to be.
You know what they say.
You know what they say.
I think that I think that's maybe one of the great questions bothering mankind for all time.
And we may never have the answer.
Who are they?
The Hilton Niagara Falls just sent me an email offering me tremendous savings.
Better hurry.
The only three days left.
There's one place I don't ever want to go again.
It's Niagara Falls.
And certainly Fallsview Casino.
But Niagara Falls in general.
It's great to see once.
But that's it.
Never again.
I've been there a zillion times.
It's really neat to see it at night.
They got to live up.
You know all these neat colors and stuff.
But after that, that's it.
Remember the early days up here when I was touting the Fallsview Casino and how great it was.
Yep.
Sucks.
It's a tourist trap.
People who gamble in a place that's a tourist trap are going to generally speaking more often than not.
Lose their ass.
Just keep in mind I told you that.
I'll lose your ass.
Because tourist traps are geared not to regular players who are going to sit in you know.
But people are going to throw a 20 in here, 20 in over there and lose it and walk away in life and chuckle and go get laid.
Stuff like that.
That'll make them forget about the fact that he lost all their cash.
That's Niagara Falls.
Like I said, go see it once in your lifetime.
Then don't ever come back.
Oh, news.
Wanna lollipop little boy?
No.
You fairly.
He started out a regular guy who joins the directory.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One, three, one, five, sixty, WQ, eight, M.
Here's one that says, igwazu falls makes Niagara Falls look like a joke.
Do you have any of you or plays?
No.
Oh my god.
What?
Sorry.
I didn't know the answer to a question there.
Well, make one up.
Yeah.
It's a Mexico.
IGU, AZU.
IGU, AZU.
Igwazu falls makes Niagara Falls look like a joke.
Whatever that's supposed to mean.
So, and?
Yeah, exactly.
That's like saying that the Canadian falls make the American falls look like a joke.
Well, the seven wonders of the world.
What, Igwazu falls?
Yeah.
Where is it?
There it is.
There's pictures.
You looking at it?
Clicking on it.
You see them?
Igwazu falls.
Where is it?
The Brazilian state of Papal.
Oh, and Brazil.
Well, who the hell wants to go to Brazil?
I didn't think you would deny Niagara Falls because of the falls.
I didn't.
I went there for the casino, but nevertheless when you're it's right on the falls, it's right on the water.
Falls, Igwazu, why do you think they call it Falls View?
Coincidence?
Yeah.
So, what are you trying to say?
I think that's why most people tend to go there because it's got the reputation of being like a honeymoon place in romantic.
And you see the falls in the water.
And like I said, you see it once and that's it.
I just can't envision it as being a place people would like Vegas, for example.
People go to Vegas and they go there a hundred times.
Am I right?
Right.
Because you can, I mean, depending on how long you're going to stay, you can only see so much each visit.
And there's always 80s that in new casinos and things to see and shows and stuff.
Not that I want to go back anytime soon.
Although Paco, now that he's got his visa, he wants to go to Vegas.
The only problem with that is that, uh, what is it with the US with all this retarded crap, about 21?
Gambling 21, drinking 21.
What the hell's that all about?
Huh?
I don't know.
How come it's 19 here?
How come Canada is so much more progressive?
Used to be 18 in some places?
Yeah.
21 to gamble in the casino.
You can be 18 and go and gamble in the race track and the horses.
But like even in the race scene, it was man, even in the Indians, you've got to be 21 to play the slots.
You were right by the way, about the quarter-slot guy.
He's the one that sent me that dumb.
Well, there'd been so many dumb emails the last two days.
So many.
Now here's one from Stroke Broker Rick.
Mm-hmm.
I'm not sure if that's a misspelling or a stroke.
Stroke Broker.
Stroke Broker.
There's a guy, I never told you this even off the ear.
There's a young guy, like, I don't know, 35 to 40-ish.
Prematureally gray, but he's not that old.
Comes to woodbine, almost every afternoon.
You can go there at noon, you can go there at three, you can go there at 430, he's there.
Almost every day.
What does he do for living?
He's a stockbroker.
Okay.
Now, would you invest with a guy that's taken behind the ear exactly?
Hey, how's my money doing, Eddie?
Well, I'll let you know if I find a good machine.
Let me get a crowbar and see if I can't get inside the machine, get your money back.
I mean, I'm not suggesting that this guy is like plunging his clients' money, but it certainly has crossed my mind.
Spending his own.
Certainly has crossed my mind.
He gambles for a living and for fun.
Right.
Anyway, uh, Stroke Broker Rick says, big fan in Rhode Island, double D is dead, Dom Delewee's comic legend.
Who do you like in a preekness and have you been to Mohican Sun?
I don't like anybody in preekness and I sure, sure don't like that Derby Horse summer turd.
No, what was the name of the winner?
I can't even remember.
Oh, I didn't even remember.
Oh, my net bird.
I got the wrong turd.
My net bird with Calvin Borrell.
It's just a mediocre bunch.
I mean, who is there to like?
I don't know if I want revenge is going to run on the preekness if he does.
I love him because the rest of these are a bunch of pigs, dogs.
I know I have not been to Mohican Sun.
You would think based on the questions that some of these people ask that I'm like such a degenerate gambler that in all my time,
I like go schlepping around from one casino to another, which I do not.
In addition, which isn't Mohican Sun like in New England somewhere in Connecticut.
What that would I be doing there?
Cabard.
Mohican Sun?
Just to support it.
Oh, oh.
Oishmoji is back.
We got about six collars and six e-mailers and that's it.
That is what it narrows down to.
Oishmoji says, I met Dom Deleway in a pizza hoppa in Halea in 1986, strange but true.
He knew the owner. Oh James Coco. That's the one I was thinking of. Oh, who is definitely gay by the way?
James Coco doesn't he look like Don Delewies? Yep a slightly slumber version
In fact, as he's still alive James Coco. I haven't seen her in ages
Anyway, Delewies knew the owner and Italian lost in Hylia
Anyway, he looked like a giant Hoover sucking up an extra huge pizza without taking a breath
He did give us his autograph as if we watched his no talent son on Jump Street. We smiled and ran
By Dom says Oishmoiju died in the 87 at the games of Coco 50 no wonder we don't see him anymore
He was what he was 56 Wow, he was gay for sure
Heart attack yeah
Fat
The good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people one of the great lines in history
In fact, I would say that's a close second to this line
But nevertheless those are two movies I recommend to a lot of people and generally they hate them both network and fat
So oh your tasting movies is bad almost as bad as a eaten Denny's you know
I don't apologize for the fact that we ate a Denny's and we enjoyed it. It was very good
I'm not saying it's gourmet. I'm not saying it's a place. I would go eat a lot of it, but it was damn good. It's close by my house
And you can get breakfast there or lunch or whatever all the same any time of the day
Service was good kids eat free on certain days of the week as a hot guy working in there, which I go back and hang out with him anytime
Right there on sunrise not groward bloward sunrise
You know I didn't get any response about the cab drivers probably because most people who
Hang out in South Florida live there don't take cabs and boy are you lucky?
You know like it in a big city like Toronto on almost any street
Not just major streets, but almost any street you can go out of a bar or club or wherever and hail a cab
Right right morning noon and night hail a cab
Can you hail a cab and I mean yeah downtown Miami? I guess you're downtown for a lot of hell where else
You're not gonna walk out of a place and be able to hail a cab you got to call the cab
And boy the people that they send to schlep you around I wouldn't take a cab down there if they paid me $100 just to get in
Never take a cab in South Florida. Yeah, you had a long time. Sure
For what obviously I was stuck somewhere without a ride. Yeah, you mean like now or drunk as a skunk
Yeah without a car like no like no. How's that deal coming with you in the car? That's funny
By the way, it's really interesting that you know fleece that memo out about Kim old and passing away
Mm-hmm, and he had the names of all and I don't know why I even looked
At the list of names on there and guess who was on there Gary Sarner
Yeah, no, we know we can't talk about Gary Sarner, but no obviously he was you know, he just clicked
You know sent to all near send to an employee list or something. I thought maybe Gary was coming back again
Neil god
You family
It's not time for family view
First introducing
From Madison was cousin
Smith Valley
And they're taking on from Seattle
Washington
Jones Valley
Come on, fellas
By
Police
Who's more incoherent Aussie or Richard Dawson? That's the tough question. We'll do a poll on that one day or night
Who do you think I don't know?
All in by the way chicken XM. We this disc with all these great jingles new sound is this
Go ABC new sound is good. Those are the days man ABC contemporary radio network
Another sighting
Yeah, gives me a chill on the back of my neck WGBS traffic sander
Oh sounds like farance
Don't say that what it did not sound like fart. Oh, it didn't sound like farance
You hear those yeah
WNWS traffic sander which I worked there for a hundred years. I don't recall this
Nobody's news W news time is 322 a microzenthal and you're an idiot
Wow, I don't recall that at all
Now these other generic news sounders. I don't know what they are
Breaking news, you know like that
Oh
That's back in the day when there were stations actually doing news
Number one on the other channel 6 and I hope you enjoyed that I certainly did myself to all together
Well, we're up at the half-assed one or so we have another movie coming up if you give me just a moment
I'll tell you about the next movie
The second movie on night-dollar theater stars such people as Eric Douglas Lorraine Day keen and wind and Rudy Belly
Now I don't know I read little reviews of these have a little paragraph about the movie usually and
Says here that the keen and wind steel was the movie. Wow. Hello, big big Wilson
That's giving back some memories mostly bad by the way. I want to say Dixon myself
Remember there used to be real great competition for the late night to night-along movies on six and channel 51 was Dave Dixon
Which I forget what they call that
Welcome to big radio
Remember Dave Dixon he's also dead yes, I did big Wilson and Dave Dixon both fat and both dead
That's what's happening today news watching
New tomorrow at Tom Sanders and Sean McGraw and for Ann Chuck Walder and the entire news watch team
I'm Glenn Rinker saying have a good
Wow and Bishop Glenn Rinker Walter Cronice
Who are the other ones
Um
I'll talk doubtful. Wow. Well, I was here. Yehoo. He went to Atlanta. That's a good place for him
What a Yahoo he was suck doubtful
Can Taylor I don't remember you well be wtv will have more in this series how much more depends on you our viewers
If you want it and can accept the fact that this problem is touching more and more South far out of families every month
Wow, we welcome your comments and your suggestions
We invite you to watch for an announcement of the next in this series
This is Ken Taylor channel 10 you
Don't long wow
What memories huh like I said all of them back
The only bad thing is that the ABC sports founder the Howard Coastel open everyone's not on here
So there's something for chicken neck to work on
And also he said he keeps he keeps sending me stuff. That's that's great. That's fine
But it's not it's not what I'm looking for those coke spots
Now the last time he sent me the I'd like to teach the world a sing one's remember
Yes
Like the new seekers and the old seekers like that and then he sent me um and then the ones I'm looking for
It's the real thing the fortunes did most of those remember the fortunes. Yep, you got your tourists and I got mine
And so he sends me instead things go better with coke a
whole
Crap load of these if this ever cues up there
On the Everly brothers to a spot for coke boy that'll get me all excited the Everlies
See
Well, you can only imagine what they look like now the Everly brothers
Probably look more like the Everly sisters
I'll tell you one thing he had the best voice in history of J black. I don't care what anybody says, you know, remember we've done that poll
Yep, he he had the greatest boy. He just awesome awesome
Are there any doubts about that? Yeah, oh you don't agree? No, who would you pick Luis McGill? Pretty mercury
Oh my god pretty mercury over Jay black sure pretty mercury over anybody. Oh
Michael says in California at V.A. Hoss the Indian casino. You have to be 18 to gamble in 21 to drink
It's a nice size casino. Love your show. Want to be around a QM as long as you are says Michael thank you Michael
At V.A. Hoss the Indian casino in California. Well, California is a pretty big state. I don't know exactly where he's talking about
Here's one
Did you watch the HG TV show house hunting or something like that?
They did an episode in Toronto and it was a bunch of Muslims looking for a space for their he job organizer in the closet
And sub leasing half the house to more ragheads. Oh, I believe that
I believe that if you show up at the airport here on a plane from any terrorist country and you have a long beard and a
um
Turban welcome to Canada come on in they don't even look at the papers, you know
Come on and have a good time and here's your taxi cab license like that
They never met a terrorist they didn't like especially in my building man with a he job
Yeah, the who job? No thing about the Muslims man. They sure know how to treat their women
Stroke broker Rick came back. I guess he was impressed that I read his earlier. I'm a missive
Neil and friends Tuesday is kids eat free of denies
I took my wife and baby daughter Bianca to denies
Grand slam rules even with motor royal coffee refills
And he says we enjoyed line countries safari. What whatever that means. I mean, I enjoyed it too. It's fine
What does that mean? I know I'm confusing. I never been to that one. I've been to bush gardens
And Tampa okay, you've been there bush gardens is great. No, I have never at least it was a hundred years ago
Yeah, it was interesting. I saw this
Huh, I've heard this but I've never asked the thing to do go to Tampa go to bush gardens and then go to Bernstake house
And then get the hell out real fast just ask flee he'll tell you
Next time you're given for you seminar on how not to see your job just tell them about I've been giving them tips have you
That was the 58 68 ABC radio news sound or I have the ABC contemporary solder
Consented to George if you want says Scott and pedals park yet we wanted yes, send it along. I'll be damn
You
Oh
Got that something I'm making in my glad
Yeah, you an naked boy
And I'm your name
You're
You're
They seem so sweet to me
With their firm little cans little boys need to be with me
Cuz I'm a man
You're a man
Yeah, I'm a man
Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy and a ride
You can sit on my lap and I will let you try
Let you try
Yeah, you shake your mouth then
When you wear your little pants
Don't tell a little secret
Cuz I'm your name
Yeah
Yeah, you're name
Yeah, you name
And when I shower I'll invite you inside
And when I touch your little parts
Rectum
I'm making in my glad
Yeah, you you fair naked boy
And I'm your name
Yeah
Yeah
God, you're a man
Bye bye bye
