That's a 112 points and how about them ranging?
Ranges, like those on the basic bracket that diagnosis
Relism drolles in South Florida's sports craj
5.66 0017 AM跟我 daling
Do not see the emails four
And ranger fans with a big mouth
Ranges
Chittdom time
Bye-bye Ranges
Bye bye devil
5.66 00 15
In the Marlene's, it's gonna be much excited to talk to the Marlene dial.
Oh, it'll be 7.05.
60 in Dave and Broward.
I mean, what's going on here?
The spine floor is Marlene.
87775, Neal.
More important.
That's cool.
60 on your 80 and 30.
For your long time, catch on a fireless fire.
Maybe now you're a little bit safer than any of your mom's friends.
By Neal.
This gets nearer.
Which means we still have those of WQAM management data.
For sponsors, now the Neal Roger show on 5.60 WQAM.
Well, alright, sports fans.
And I will always love drugs.
I will always love drugs.
I will always love.
Luke.
Well, good for you, honey.
Beat that bitch up again.
10 on 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
I can actually talk today.
Alright.
Don't I sound like me today?
Yeah, and you look better, too.
No pink eye.
No pinko.
He's got the spine, hoon, and flu.
We know it.
I guarantee that there were people speculating that.
Because I've, you know, had this sinus infection for about a week.
Week and a half.
Yeah.
Coffee and gagging and puking and flimming.
See, if there was a guy, there would be no flim.
There would be no mucus.
Wouldn't that be a breath of fresh air?
Oh, no pun intended.
Because that mucus is what gets into your sinus passages and gets you all congested.
And you can't breathe.
And causes just incredible discomfort.
It gets into your throat and you can't talk like I've had it.
If you've relased the whole of it.
If you swallow mucus, you pucus.
Pinkus.
I wonder how pinky Lee is doing up there in heaven.
Pinkie Lee.
Who?
And you know who else is dead?
Red buttons.
Ho, ho.
And now there's a guy that was never funny for a minute.
For a second, I never noticed.
You ever see red buttons?
I've seen them, but Jewish comedian right here.
Jewish comedian.
You're kidding.
When you're Jewish, you have to have a sense of humor.
They haven't found that out in sunrise lakes yet, but nevertheless.
No, they haven't.
So the arranges take it up the butt last night.
Lose two to one to the crap itals and they're done.
They're all done.
I don't see any emails on it.
Ranges, ranges.
That would be a good pull to take some time.
What sports team have you grown to hate because of their fans?
Of course, any New York team would have to be one of the categories on that pull.
Any New York team.
You would.
Ranges.
Now here's an interesting story.
I know that's unusual for us.
Yeah.
By the way, the ratings tomorrow, the spring book, the winter book.
Which book is it?
The winter book.
Right.
There is no spring book.
Let's see.
If you're a Jennifer, maybe June, yeah, there is.
Right.
Right.
They don't switch to the other unmentionable thing until July, officially.
I don't know.
Officially.
No, don't let me mention Joe Bell today.
I just get too angry when I think about him where I mention his name.
Don't let me even go there.
What's the use?
Right.
You follow what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Life is too short to tear your kishkis out, getting all that out of shape about things like that.
Woman falls off Wolfgang Pucks Toilet and Sews.
This is from TMZ.com.
He says, I think I speak for the entire world.
When I say that when you step into a public toilet, you expect the stall door to lock.
And if it doesn't, it is that best unpleasant experience.
A woman is now suing Wolfgang Pucks Spago restaurant, claiming she fell off a lady's room commode,
while trying to balance on the potty and keep the door closed according to TMZ.com.
In a lawsuit filed in LA, Marjorie Lyndon says the bathroom floor was covered in pools of urine and feces.
Oh, pleasant.
Mm-hmm.
And the only usable toilet didn't have a latch on the door.
Mm-hmm.
The floor was covered in pools of urine and feces.
Sounds like a pleasant environment to me.
Wow.
Let's have lunch.
Lyndon alleges that she was trying to keep the door closed with another woman yanked at the door,
hurtling her to the floor and causing serious injury to her head knee and head.
Two heads are better than one.
Spago reps tell TMZ, in our 27 years of business we've never had an issue close to this,
that portion of the claim is totally without merit.
And what portion is that?
I don't know, they don't say.
That's from Cliff and Kendall.
Thanks, Cliff.
He's one of our useful emailers.
We have a few of those, Brandon Cliff, Baza, Florida.
Anybody else?
I don't know.
We have a few.
Oh, here's my Jots.
And there's one.
He says, it gives me great excitement to see not one, but both New York Jersey area teams choke it away yesterday.
Yeah, the devil's blew it in the last two minutes.
They had a one goal lead and then Carolina tied it and they won it with seconds left.
Nothing would be finer than to win in Carolina.
How about my buddy Ray Whitney?
Nice going, Razor.
Not sure if you watched either game, but to see Carolina come from one goal down in the last three minutes to score two,
and regulation gave me great excitement.
Says Mike.
And then he says, at the end, all right.
Amen, Mike.
All of the devil's it's kind of hard to hate the devil's because I don't know.
New Jersey.
Jersey's just kind of like something we try to avoid recognizing exists.
And the governor of Texas man at right wing the D bag.
He wants help from the federal government.
He wants to succeed, but before he succeeds, he wants to help for the swine flu outbreak.
It's just like in the early days of Texas, we're not part of America.
Oh, the Mexicans are coming.
Yeah, we want to be part of the.
Yeah, that's right.
And now, now the same thing they want us to save them from the Mexicans.
But we didn't tell them to, you know, we didn't tell them to all move in there right next to Mexico.
Right.
Texas, my ass.
So anyway, we got the first death 23 month old kid did in the West from Mexico, no less.
Wasn't the kid from Mexico?
I don't know.
You don't know.
I wasn't following it.
No, but yeah, 23 month old kid got that part.
Well, I'll be damned.
A 23 month old child who died in Texas, but I'm sure I read that he was from a Mexico.
I didn't hear that.
And now they found, they have found the first, what do they call it?
Patient zero.
Right.
Five year old Edgar Hernandez, who survived the earliest documented cases,
why and flu, an outbreak that officials say has not spread across for a conno.
So I said, what are they going to do?
Execute this kid or what?
I don't know.
La Gloria, Mexico.
Talked away in this small mountain village off a dusty road flank by pig farms,
is where the earliest cases why and flu was confirmed.
The child is known as patient zero by his doctors, five year old Edgar Hernandez.
His family lives in the population of 3000 village of La Gloria.
In the state of Erochruz, where flu outbreak was reported April 2.
State officials arrived and took samples from dozens of people.
Lab tests confirmed that Edgar was the only patient in Veracruz to test positive for the swine flu virus.
The others had contracted a common flu.
Health officials had returned to Edgar's sample only after cases of new flu strain were spotted around the country.
He was it.
Edgar has managed to bounce back from the symptoms and playfully credit ice cream for helping him feel better.
How do you like that?
I bet you're not going to hear this from Dr. Sanjay Gupta or all these other experts on TV.
They're getting everybody all whipped up.
Ice cream.
You scream ice cream.
Jimmy Cifala screams, he says.
He's a screamer.
His mother blamed the virus on a huge pig farm in the neighborhood.
Officials have conducted tests at the farm owned by a US company, Smithfield Foods, and those tests came back negative.
Meanwhile, Mexican health officials suspect this swine flu outbreak has caused more than 159 deaths and roughly 2500 illnesses in Mexico.
If you're not panicking now or here we go, the first swine flu death.
If you need to cough, cough into a tissue and throw it out.
And cough into a tissue.
If you don't have a tissue, you can cough into the corner of your elbow.
Like this, they're environment clean, washing off hand.
How do you cough into the corner of your elbow like this?
This is a doctor, Esmeral doctor.
He's director of Houston EMS to cough into the corner of your elbow.
That's like saying cough into your elbow.
What are we talking about here?
Have it do some kind of like acrobatics to protect yourself?
Before I go into the other side of the death occurred here in Houston.
This unfortunate child was not an eight of Houstonian.
This child is a resident of Mexico.
See I told you, what I tell you, I'm on top of this cramp.
Yes you are.
I know Jimmy Cifalitic.
He was there in Brownsville where the child first became ill, was taken to a hospital on April the 13th and was admitted to the hospital in Brownsville.
The patient became quite ill rather rapidly and was transferred the next day to a hospital here in Houston.
And as you know, unfortunately, in spite of the best efforts, the child succumbed to the illness and the CDC provided us laboratory confirmation, which they announced this morning that the child did in fact, was in fact infected with the spine flu virus.
The spine flu.
This guy is in coherent.
Cough into the end of your elbow.
What do you say coffin of the what of your elbow, the corner of your elbow?
The corner of your elbow, right?
Well, what is the corner of your elbow?
What corner is that?
I guess the inside part of your elbow.
University and sunrise?
I'm just guessing.
Yeah.
I think it's as you're in road in 441.
Look out, look out now.
You can't get your mouth into the other crook of your arm there.
What are you talking about?
I can't.
Take your one hand.
Coffin, take your right hand and put it on your left elbow.
He knows how many people looking at you if you started doing something like that in public.
Look, I got a cough, so I'm going to coffin of the corner of my elbow.
Yeah, I'd rather see you doing that than coffin like in my face.
Well, nobody coughs into somebody else's face unless they're lured and crudied.
No, you mean nobody does.
You've been sent out a town too long.
Yeah, you've been out of South Florida too long.
You forget.
No.
I've been at Woodbind.
Oh, believe me, you talk about crude.
You get right up in your face down.
All those Ruskees, Chinaman and those Punjabi.
Oh, my God.
And the Tamil, what do they call them?
These Sri Lankans.
They've had a very important part of downtown terminal tied up for three days now demonstrating.
This has been going on for like three months now.
They kicked them out of Ottawa, so they came back here because the local authorities here just,
oh, well, you know, they have a right to protest and tie up traffic and screw up one of the major arteries university avenue in the whole city.
Well, what is the Canadian government going to do about Sri Lanka?
Is Canada well?
I mean, I know that there are a lot of Canadian soldiers of not in Afghanistan.
They're part of NATO over there, but yeah, but other than that is Canada known for schlepping around the world and getting involved in domestic disputes.
Maybe they want them to start Sri Lankans.
Oh, my God.
Nevertheless, this is the world in which we live.
It's just a mess.
I told you the world is a crazy place.
I told you that a long time ago when people looked at me and they were, oh, you're so negative, so cynical, Neil.
Yeah.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
The census taker once tried to test me.
I ate his liver with some froth of beans and a nice candy.
Sounds disgusting to me.
I'm sucking on a hall's mental lipless.
No, it's not. It's a Ricola.
Ricola?
I don't see those spots anymore.
Do you?
No, not for a long time.
But they do stick in your mind, though.
Yes, they do.
Ricola?
Is that because it swissed or something?
Is niche fights?
That's what I was getting.
Yeah, they swissed from Switzerland.
Never been to Switzerland.
I hear it's pretty interesting.
Give it a shot.
Do you know anybody who speaks Swiss?
I don't think there is a language.
No.
Well, no, because they're surrounded by Germany and France and all of these other joints.
So they, you know, they speak.
I don't know what they speak.
Nordwijk here.
Bugs, he says, but bugs.
He's a moron.
He says, come on already.
The world's media led by the US has decided swine flu is a colossal story.
That's more important than any other news.
It wasn't more important than Ireland's specter going back to being a Democrat yesterday.
I wonder what Jimmy Syphilitic thinks about that.
That the Republican Party is dying on the vine, dying.
People are abandoning it like the Titanic.
And I wonder what Jimmy and all his right wing, well, they're just ignoring it.
Well, that's not an important story.
It's not like Mitch McConnell says.
That's not a national story.
That's a Pennsylvania story in the right.
Keep rationalizing it, okay?
It's springtime says a bugsy.
And several thousand people around the world have the flu.
Some children elderly will die.
This happens every year around this time.
This is news.
Question mark.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Yeah, everything is a pink Okami plot.
You notice that?
Oh, yeah.
Like that lunatic that who was his name?
Dean?
Dana?
I don't know.
Everything is a comedy.
People with a builder burgers and the trilaterals and the illuminati.
Oh, my God.
I thought those people have vanished.
No longer go.
No.
With Shirley Spellerberg.
Get some help bugsy before it's too late.
Let's see.
Oh, like this is news.
Just to keep you updated with the news in Florida.
We'll now have Jesus Christ license plates, which we talked about it
like yesterday.
But thank you so much for a shocking news.
All these people that send me, you know, like Norma Kent yesterday sends me
that story about the Supreme Court and the FCC and about the fleeting
expo doesn't stop.
It sends me that yesterday afternoon.
It says, if you think the beesleaves are going to like let up on language now,
you're no chance now.
I don't think they're going to do anything right.
Why?
I mean, there's a first time for everything, but I just don't anticipate this in my lifetime.
Do you?
No.
And the one thing about them, they may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
So just keep sending me stories about, you know, President Lincoln's got a bad headache
and George Washington chopped down the cherry tree and all this other breaking, breaking news.
Have you noticed on most of the talking head channels, that thing almost never goes away.
Breaking news.
And even on the local news like in the middle of the banner comes on, oh, we have breaking news
from Gloria Pupik in our newsroom.
That's newsier.
Yeah.
Where did you get that ABC news sounder?
Do I have probably chicken that you might?
Is it under ABC?
I have four news sounders.
New sounder?
One new sounder, two.
I don't know what those would you better say for a long time?
And send that off to me immediately.
Not sooner.
Probably have them on a disc in there that you never even looked at.
I do know because I get all this stuff from him, chicken neck.
He never sent me those.
All right.
Well, we'll send them to you.
Can I finish?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
And he never sent me those coax spots by the fortunes.
It's the real thing.
I'm not talking about I like to teach the world.
And he sent me that.
Yeah.
He had sent me the other one a long time ago and I lost it.
I mean, I dug through 80 million discs.
I can't find it.
I'm sure it's here in this room somewhere.
You know, I've got boxes and boxes of discs packed in the closet.
And the good thing is I had that spare old used drum.
Because my new drum is coming tomorrow for my HP, a 40 or whatever that not.
H is it not HP brother, MFC 4800 right in our cake and outdated one and all in one.
But it they're good.
I like them.
It's like the one I got for you down there.
Right.
You like it?
Yeah.
I like it.
The pink one.
Maybe I do.
Did you say the pink one?
No, that you paid for.
No, that I paid for.
Yeah, of course.
We paid for a lot of stuff in that studio.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
I'm going to start giving back what I'm getting from them.
What they give to me, I'll give it right back.
Treat me well.
I'll do the best I can for you.
Treat me like crap to you.
I think that's a good, good philosophy in life.
Sure.
If people treat you well, be nice to them.
Treat them well.
If people treat you like crap, give them it right back.
That's right.
Good old raspberry.
Fat man after dark, who's back.
Says what a disgusting story I saw today.
Police, Radio, Ohio, Barr find 14-year-old topless dancer.
Aquino, Ohio.
That must be a horrible place.
Isn't that the rubber capital, Aquino, Ohio?
I don't know.
Is that what they make rubbers?
Police say a 14-year-old girl was dancing topless in an Aquin strip club
when they raided the bar and arrested four exotic dancers.
The girls have been placed in protective custody.
Akron Police Vice-Officers served a search warrant for identity.
Playhouse bar.
The bar's owner and manager were charged with illegal use of a minor in a nudity,
performance, and child in danger.
14-year-old girl.
Lace.
Police Lieutenant Rick Edwards said the officers saw some dancers have contact with customers,
but not the 14-year-old.
He says the club has not licensed a sexually-oriented business.
The girls have been placed with Semek County Children's Services.
It's just, you know, this is the world in which we live.
It's a 6666 world.
I don't want to be cynical.
I don't want to be negative.
People are all depressed with the economy and with the swine flu and all these negative things.
We just want to give you a little chuckle every now and then.
Like that.
Like Jimmy Cifilis, I'm sure must do.
So who was on this morning over there across the street?
I don't know.
I'm bearing a guarantee it was the program director Steve White.
I looked on their website again this morning and it's just a patient of some breaking news
about their new morning show on 790.
They don't have one.
I may say do have one.
They're not telling the world.
And remember we got that bogus information that George Sedano was going to be doing morning starting this Monday, two days ago.
Didn't happen.
I don't think it's going to happen.
I don't know.
I don't really care, but nevertheless.
Maybe Meefow is going over there.
What do you think?
Maybe.
Meefow and MeeShack, the Bendigo.
How does that go?
Shadrack.
Shadrack and the...
MeeShack.
What does MeeShack?
Shadrack.
How about Shad Stewart and Jeremy Cahack?
And a summer song.
MeeShack, the Bendigo.
A Bendigo.
A Bendigo.
That's when I said a bed to go.
Yeah.
Give me a bell.
I'll have a bed to go and two cheeseburgers and a smoothie.
A bed to go.
Oh my God.
Yeah, Jesus Christ license plates in Florida and Charlotte, Christ thinks, oh, that's fine.
There's nothing wrong with that.
You farbicin a fag phony, Charlie.
You're so full of crap.
But they like him.
You know, he's wildly popular.
Or here's more Twitter crap from Mr. Radio, the fag lyric king, just deleted it.
Didn't even look at it.
Not interested.
Don't you understand?
I'm not a radio groupie.
I'm not interested in Ethan Skolik's says this.
And this one's like, who cares?
Yenta's man.
Yenta's.
Mr. Radio and all these other fake...
This one and that one, fag lyric king.
I'll open up a business called Renta Yenta.
Johnny says, while...
Oh, this is Johnny Quest.
While they're complaining about Joe Bell.
You should be grateful for having a job where you can work part-time from home.
And make gobs and gobs of money.
A wise man once said, if my boss wants me to sing God Bless America wearing panties in the jeez-string, I'll do it.
Yeah, look what they did to him, by the way.
Neil, you need to have the same philosophy.
Millions of people are unemployed.
Be grateful you have a job and leave Joe alone.
Leave Joe alone.
By the way, I'm sure Paco would love to see you singing a song wearing panties and pasties in the jeez-string.
I doubt it.
He'd run out of here like a banshee.
He'd get on the first bus to Mexico.
And start inhaling real deep.
I doubt that.
No, he would not.
I don't think that's a good time to plan any trips to Mexico.
No.
You remember the SARS thing came from China, right?
And of course they brought it here because we got 400,000 Chinese mon in Toronto.
They brought it over the sea.
Like Johnny and Joe over the mountain and crossed the sea.
Remember that song on a blue label?
Nope.
I forget what label I was.
It might have been Motown.
I'll go look.
Over the mountain, Johnny and Joe crossed the sea.
It's a good song.
The middle of their hit, I believe.
Let's do a show on one hit wonders.
We haven't done that in years.
The audience hates that.
What?
I said, all right.
Or let's do what's the greatest song of all time?
We haven't done that in ages two.
And always is, oh God, why is it always stairway to heaven?
Just always is.
But it's not.
Stairway to heaven is the greatest rock song of all time.
No, money by Pink Floyd is.
Oh, I think it's time for the break.
Oh, Neil!
You're crossing the chicken for me.
His name is Calderon and his Obama.
Well, trying to best to curb the flow of cold gamma.
Oh, no.
Oh, there were violent murders.
Some really grew songs.
From the big cartel who are making big mullahs.
What happened down in Mexico?
Stay in Mexico.
You like to shine, wouldn't you?
Keep it in Mexico, okay?
God.
Oh, and then the gesture copper potter,
I thought had more intelligence than this.
Maybe he's trying to be cute.
All these people try to be funny and cute.
And most definitely, if you see them, they're not cute.
Jason says, I remember a couple of weeks ago,
there was a lot of cute tip talk.
I just did something you better try.
While cleaning my ear out with a cute tip,
I had tweezers in my other hand,
and used them to pull out my nose hairs.
That's like coughing into the crevice of your arm quarter,
whatever I said.
Nobody said, yeah, coughing to the crevice of your ass.
Sensory overload, says Jason.
I'm going to have a smoke and lay down now before I got out.
And get a mask and a big roll of duct tape.
All the best, I hope your Mexican does not infect you.
See, that's the part that just...
He hasn't been in Mexico in a four and a half years,
so how is he going to infect me?
I don't know, maybe.
He said when he went to school yesterday,
we're a couple of little Chinese monkids.
Oh, he's from Mexico last day away.
And of course, it just...
It just laughed.
He didn't punch anybody out.
Because he does have that Latino temper, you know what I'm saying?
Like, baaah!
Once in a while.
But he took it all in stride.
I guess he can laugh because everybody else who is Mexican is in Mexico,
most of them, and he's not.
Right.
Edward McGurren says, let's start a death pool.
Eddon Ford Lauderdale, who needs ZetaRelive.com.
Studies shows Keith Richards should have died in 1996.
Does anybody really care anymore about Keith Richards?
Do you care?
Not really, though.
God.
It says Keith Richards should have died eight years ago,
according to a health expert.
96 is eight years ago?
Mm-hmm.
This must be old.
The 60-year-old Rolling Stone has outlived all expectations
and a looted death after years of hard living, claims an American gerontologist.
Oh, I need, that's what I need.
A gerontologist?
Oh, and guess what I'm getting?
A gerontologist?
No, guess what I'm going to start collecting tomorrow.
Oh, social security?
Right.
Now I'm officially an old fart.
Social security.
I got to come in.
Good?
It's not bad.
It's like, it's not too bad.
Not great.
Not enough to walk away from here.
Not enough to take disability and tell the company to jam it for their 500 bucks a week like somebody did on the West Coast.
David Demko investigated the lifestyle of music's biggest names and predicted their deaths in a survey
and titled,
When Will Your Favorite Rockstar Die for US Magazine Blender?
Put them in a blender.
Speaking about Richard's Demko says, he should have passed away 52.
I'm not sure how he does it, but he definitely defies all conventional wisdom.
80% of the factors that control how long you live are related to your lifestyle, not genes.
Oh, that's not good.
I thought my genes were going to save my fat ass.
I mean, up and down the line in my family, 88, 87, 90, 91, you know?
Yeah.
But lifestyle,
thigh of babies.
And then didn't it say ice cream is good for swine flu?
Yeah, that's what that little kid said.
That's what that little five-year-old expert said.
The guitarist admitted on his 60th birthday last year,
there were a lot of people who never thought I'd make it this far.
Keith Richards, who cares?
Among his other predictions,
Demko concluded that aziosborn will die in 2013 at age 65.
Whitney Houston will only make it to 59,
and Michael Jackson, 45, will die at the age of 76.
But sting,
fears rather better in life expectancy list,
according to Demko's calculation,
he should live to the age of 93.
I mean, isn't that just a bunch of hocus, pokus, just...
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you start thinking about these things too seriously,
you become very weak,
and you just shrug your shoulders,
and you want to lay down on the floor,
and just pass out from the stress of all of it.
But just ignore it.
Right.
Sonny Shinin, it's a beautiful day here.
It's going to be like 56.
Good.
Q, 56.
56 fart.
The big fart.
Anyway, Michael says the most awful fans are Ritzog's fans.
When they were a tropical and a few last season,
some drunk ass clown tried to jump the dugout and got tasered.
The cop that tasered him then got lambasted,
lambasted by the local media.
Did you ever bast a turkey?
No.
Well, then how come it's lambasted and not lambasted?
That's a very good point.
Yeah.
I never basted a turkey.
I never basted a turkey either when you come right down to it.
Did you ever basted a turkey?
Never basted a turkey.
I basted a basted from a bastard.
Right.
I basted that.
That was really very sad that part of the movie.
I mean, the whole movie was sad, not tragic.
I think it's the word I'm looking for.
But that was sad.
Don't you think?
It was very sad.
I think what the saddest scene was when he took the kid on the train
and then I'll be right back and just hauled up and left him there.
You abandoned.
You abandoned your child.
I abandoned my book.
Yeah.
What an awful movie.
Yeah, the preacher.
What was his name, the preacher?
Jeremiah...
Something, and what I've worked on like that.
Jason?
No.
Something with a J.
He was good when he had him come to church and forgive his sins, you know.
Be baptized.
Remember that scene?
Yep.
I abandoned my child.
Say it.
I abandoned my boy.
Yeah, he put them on the train.
The kid is deaf.
And he abandoned them.
Although I guess he sent them off to some boarding school or something.
Remember, he kept asking about who's he living with and how big is the room?
Is it bigger than a bread box?
Very sad movie, tragic.
Yep.
There will be blood.
I think that's the prediction for, since everybody's making all these psychic predictions,
that's my prediction for QIM before this year is out.
There will be blood.
Somebody's just going to go off to deep end and shoot somebody.
I feel that, you know.
Yep.
In fact, if I were there, I'd be a perfect candidate if I had a gun.
Remember when I had my two guns?
No, you don't.
That was way back before your time.
That was back right.
W.S. News days.
I didn't have one gun.
I had two.
That was back during the Marriott Bolif, 80, 82, whenever it was.
And the convenience store crossed from the radio station, WNW, I had to convenience store on a corner,
which I doubt it's still there.
It used to get held up like, you know, every three days.
Hmm.
But at any rate, it was not a pretty time in South Florida.
This is a very sad email from our, you know, John Lakeworth, who's one of our best dearest friends, long time.
Yep.
He says, I know from time to time, you read the articles from the scum center.
The article in about the two dogs attacking little pomeranian here, Lakeworth, is about my dog.
So I know firsthand why Broward banned these killers.
The story made headlines everywhere.
He was a special little log and sweet like he referred to Tiny the other day.
Just thought I'd let you know the story is about one of your biggest fans.
Family tragedy.
Have a great day.
Sorry, John Lakeworth, you're a good guy.
Great guy.
Very sorry.
Pomeranians are cute.
Little pomeranian.
My first, the first dog I had as a kid, my uncle gave to me.
He was part pomeranian, part to iterier.
Skippy.
Hey, Skippy.
And he was a one person dog.
He loved me.
But boy, other people who would like snap out of me.
No, that's how they are.
Really?
Pomeranians?
Yeah, if you allow them to be that way.
Then one or two swift backhand solves that problem.
I gave him a couple of those in the game difference.
He still loved me.
Skippy.
And then when I went off to college, my mother, I told her the story.
I heard that story.
My mother had him put to sleep.
And she made up some story about, oh, he picked up some poisoned in the yard.
And they couldn't do anything for him.
And then years later, she finally admitted, oh, I just couldn't put up with him.
He was just a nuisance.
So she took him and had him put to sleep.
He was in perfect health.
What a hard-hearted bitch.
And I said to her, I said, how about if I take you and have you put to sleep?
Of course, as it turned out, I didn't need to do it.
But isn't that something?
You go off to college and your mother has your little pet dog.
I had that dog from the time I was, I think five years old.
No, not five.
That's brutal.
Ten years old at the time I went to college.
18.
And the dog was only, let's say like eight or nine years old.
I mean, little logs as you know, can live to like 14, 15, 18.
That's right.
Not when mom has it got her finger in it.
She's a killer.
Bitch.
I should have told her that that last day when I called her on her birthday, death day.
She just said, you're going to have to answer for a skippy.
Mama Sita.
Oh, Nino.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
All right.
The Republicans got their leaders.
Soothed and washing tongue.
What the guy in charge is a radio talker.
He's a pillow poppin' son of a dumb.
Well, he big and bald as a man can come.
And he screams into the microphone.
And if he says something, not to do, he don't like it.
Just leave it alone.
That's because I gotta say you don't curse Mama Wagon's name.
You don't criticize George Bush.
You don't quest where the wheat should be taxed, but then you don't mess around with Bush.
You don't get married if you get gay.
You park your hair on the side with a brush.
You don't get any credit to old Obama.
And you don't mess around with Bush.
That's Phil Poppin' fat ass worse to you.
1046 at 560 WQM.
I think I got my voice back after this, all right.
Namby Pamby flew whatever I had.
Haven't even got to the polls yet.
It's almost 11 o'clock. That's bad.
I got some inside poop coming from Barry Jackass.
And I got one from Jimmy Cifillitic.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
910 votes, not too shabby.
The most annoying habit other people can do in my presence is
Emitt Bad Brethren B.O. 190.
I would say just in general, don't emit anything from your body that stinks.
Have a loud cell phone conversation 157.
Pick their nose 96.
I was just picking my nose during the break.
2 with their mouth open 90.
Fart 88.
2 gum noid WCBS used to be 880 I believe in New York.
And I'm sure still is.
I don't know if it's still WCBS.
How these stations keep changing to call it is in formats.
Fart 88.
Of course it was all news.
That would have been a little bit unsimly for a news station.
You know I have a logo like that.
Fart 88.
2 gum noid WC42.
Spit on the ground 41.
Whistle 34.
Spit while talking 33.
Scratch their balls 27.
Crack their knuckles 16.
That wasn't too bad.
Seas 15.
Humph 15.
Eat sloppy 12.
Chris Matthews it isn't enough that they got him on two hours with hard softballs.
He was a guest on Overman last night and he had spiddle on his chin.
And they finally panned away from him for a couple of seconds and somebody
wants to told him to wipe his chin.
He is just a drooling imbecile.
Cough 12.
Pick their teeth 11.
Scratch their butt 10.
How about scratch somebody else's butt?
That's work 9.
Bithernale's 8.
And jingle their keys 4.
Out of 910 votes.
And by the way I hate to break the news to you Jimmy Syphilitek.
But Joe Bell loves this show.
That's what he told Norma allegedly the other night.
Of course he does lie a lot but nevertheless I don't believe it.
If you love something what do you want to destroy it?
272 votes on today's poll.
What should be off limits to comedy?
Pretty weak huh?
I don't have a whole bunch of polls on there.
All you poll inventors you better get with it.
At one point there I had about a dozen you know all racked up.
Ready to fire them off.
But at the moment.
Nothing?
Oh my god look at this long ponderous thank you for reading this kneel.
And let's hope we can keep our drinking water clean and safe.
Okay let me go back to the poll.
What should be off limits to comedy?
Absolutely nothing 128.
Nothing as long as it's funny 81.
Terminally a sick children 77.
Child molestation 35.
The Holocaust 18.
9.11.12.
God 6.
Oh god dang it.
God should be off limits to comedy.
Cancer patients 4.
The Royal Family 3.
The Royal Family My Ass those Constipated Germans?
Are you kidding me the Battenbergs?
AIDS 2.
Jesus Christ 2.
Princess Diana 2.
Look at back to Diana.
The recently deceased 2.
Disaster victims 2.
Gays 1.
The Pope 1.
The disabled 1.
The President, non yet for the President, Mother Teresa, somebody's parents, OJ killings,
the Kennedys, Muslims or blacks, non yet for those.
Off limits to comedy.
I guess whatever would offend you should be off limits to comedy right?
Right I voted for the terminally old children.
I mean what's funny about that.
But then again there are some people on the air who think everything's a big joke.
Just like that guy that we worked with for about 5 minutes at the Paxing IOD.
The morning guy making fun of his disabled child.
Uh huh.
I mean what's funny about having a disabled kid?
Nothing.
And every morning he was on there making all kinds of cost to get you out of comments.
Oh it's just outrageous.
It's unacceptable.
Out freaking rages.
Speaking about rages here's the latest misive from Jimmy Cifilis.
And of course what makes these obviously authentic is the fact that they're from Jimmy Cifilis and Jimmy Cifilis at gmail.com.
That was up 158.
And that's kind of great aren't you excited?
Thrilled the death.
Jimmy Cifilis says many just inform me of your disparaging remarks once again this morning.
You must be out of material.
Your bully tactics won't work with me buddy.
I can fight like the best of them.
It's obvious you're jealous of my of my rating success.
You're becoming obscure.
The times are passing you by.
You liberals got us into this mess we find ourselves in.
Yeah that's right they've been in office last eight years.
And the liberal answer is to keep spending question mark.
Liberals are going to spend us into any pressure.
Soon the American dollar won't be worth a paper it's printed on.
I hear from my friends at WQM that Joe is becoming very tired of your antics.
I would not be surprised if they fired you and your job right and replaced you with Sid Rosenberg.
It couldn't happen when I said God good luck.
And that would make sense to me.
Put on city with such a success across the street with his uh...
Cheers.
Like you said if it's a failure they love it and they'll put it on the year and it'll suck and it'll fail.
And they'll pay good money for it.
Oh yeah.
Put Sid Rosenberg on here.
I mean just like Furell and Mo.
The high rings that this company's done in the last ten years.
People with the worst track records in the business who've gotten canned everywhere they've ever been.
People with horrendous track records personally and professionally.
And these are the kind of people they gravitate to it.
When they hired Furell and I couldn't believe it.
Could you believe it?
I didn't know from the man.
Oh that's right you're not a sports groupie.
Well I'm not either but I knew that he had gotten canned everywhere.
I did not.
Well are you surprised now?
No.
So it's a good thing for him that there was such a thing as serious radio.
Seriously?
I'm serious.
At least for the time being there is.
Let's look up serious stock that I was having a big day up on 57.
Of course serious is on the NASDAQ.
Serious stock.
I've been.
I've not been doing my duty every day.
We've been ignoring the serious stuff.
We gave you really regular updates.
39 cent.
Oh man it is zoomed way up there.
I told you when it was down there to about six cent it was a great buying opportunity.
Did not?
Yep.
39 cent.
Alright.
But if you look at the articles about serious it says they'll be out of business by summer.
You know.
Good investment.
And then of course they keep screwing over their subscribers.
It's not bad enough that they need more and more subscribers.
But they keep pissing off the existing one by juggling all the channels around.
And when they merge with XM I guess they read it a major.
A major restructuring that pissed off most of their subscribers.
Nice going cereal.
Barry Jackass has something fairly interesting for a change.
And this one and he writes his very Jackson from very jackass at gmail.com as opposed to like Jimmy Cifalus.
Barry says according to Ken Charles Randy Rhodes will not be heard on WIOW.
They already told everybody that Barry.
He doesn't think she'd fit in with rush and smit.
No kidding.
I'm waiting to hear back from Howard Davis on the morning situation at 790.
I hear they're not happy with George Sedano's demands but may have no choice.
Hearing that Jesse Agri is being considered.
A real broadcaster.
A real honest to God.
I don't believe it.
Broadcaster who belongs on the air who's got a good voice.
Who sounds like he knows what he's talking about.
I hear they're not happy with Jorge Sedano's demands.
He must really be something that's Sedano kid.
He thinks his stuff don't stink.
I guarantee it stinks just as bad as Ethan Skolix.
How do you like that?
Wow.
We'll have to ask Bo Camper about that.
I wasn't that on the...
I'm trying to remember which incarnation of the morning show that was on.
Wasn't that on the Kenny and Blow morning show?
When you stay with all those sports writers on and spend hours talking about being at Ethan Skolix apartment and how bad is BM smell.
I'll...
Oh.
Mmm.
That was another incarnation of the Joe Bill era.
The Kenny and Blow morning show.
And you talk about living up to your names.
This is the Neorajir shall.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Some radio stations give you money.
Some radio stations give you car.
But this radio station is different because this radio station is going to give you...
A turtle's life.
That's right.
We'll grant you eternal life.
And three days spending cash to get you started.
Here's what you do.
Be listening this weekend.
And when you hear this sound...
Errr...
Be the tender color.
We'll register you for your chance to live forever.
Eaternal life.
Then next Friday morning we'll draw the name of a one lucky person who will rip us off.
For one eternal life.
So be listening here.
The radio station where life goes on.
And on.
And on.
Oh yeah, we're getting tired of it already.
Let's croak.
So Johnny Quest who is another amateur comedian.
Remember the one I just read about?
You should be grateful for a job and why you're picking on Joe Bell.
Remember that?
Yes.
The reason I sent you the message was to prompt you to play my favorite bit, Mandage.
About God Bless America.
And that's not a bit.
Yeah.
Here's another radio expert.
My favorite bit.
It's a drop-in.
If he wants me to sing God Bless America and paste these in a G-string up here, I'll do it.
But I guess it went over your head.
He said, yeah, I went way over my head.
If you can't play that bit, could you please play the Christmas you as a bit?
No, I'm not playing any more bits, okay?
Oh my God.
Everybody's a comedian.
It went over your head though, Neil.
It was just a two-soteric, yeah.
Stephen from Vegas says the caps came back from three to one down to beat the stick and ranges.
There might be a God after all.
Sergey put the biscuit in the basket if the Rangers.
They put the biscuit in the basket.
A Tisca de Tasket.
They put the biscuit in the basket.
Ranges lost, ranges blew it.
Three to one lead in the series and they wound up losing in seven.
Oh my God.
Ranges, I haven't got one email from any of those humble Ranger fans saying, yeah, we sucked.
We blew it.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Here's one from Joe Bell.
Subject your personality.
Boy, that incident with your mother in dog explains a lot about your personality.
No wonder you're a heartless bastard.
Yeah, I'm the heartless bastard.
I'm the one that's destroying everybody's life and firing everybody.
That's right, Joe.
I'm the heartless bastard.
I'm the one that's trying to put everybody out on the street.
Speaking of putting everybody out on the street, what a segue.
Clear channel cuts in Miami.
Are you ready for this?
I'm ready.
Jen Wilde went from big, which is only notable in the fact that it now leaves the station with six hours of pollen old Ron,
one good shift of Doc Reno.
And the rest of the day with the same rotation that being Miller seems to think is good for those who want to hear the same zeppel and stoned, etc.
Attracts that you did the previous year and a half.
Say what you want about Jen Wilde.
At least you was a warm body in the CC compound, clear channel, untounded, yes, but at least a live person, which is unusual for them.
JMP was let go from the 12th sports station in the market because there's no better time to get rid of your in studio heat host than during the NBA playoffs when your team is still live.
Who's JMP?
Dota.
I guess you wouldn't know.
Also various members of the WID new staff were let go, including reporters Wayne Rooston, John Levitt and traffic anchor Don Anthony.
My former producer, John Levitt.
My friends in the Jewish community and my friends in the black community and my friends in the human community.
Aha.
Oh my God. What a catch he was.
Is that strange?
What is that where that came from?
He was really strange.
John Levitt, strange.
Yet somehow the news directors and program directors all stayed.
Ha. Well, what else would you expect when the it's continued to run the asylum?
I don't know who this is from, but good point.
So they're starting to make all kind of more additional big cuts.
They already cut just bird of the bone at cheap channel and other cutting more.
John Levitt, maybe we can bring him over here.
He can go, aha.
Wow.
Amazing how these names just keep bouncing around all these years later.
Wayne Rooston.
Was he at IOD at the night?
I don't think so.
You know Wayne Rooston?
Nope.
Is he Rooston?
I was speaking to Roosters to Kenny Rogers.
Remember Kenny Rogers Roosters Roosters?
Yes.
Who is really chronic?
So his love you guys have had season tickets for the Marlins for eight years.
We usually go out there and tailgate, grill and eat and drink and such.
I've left my have actually grill out over 200 times over the years.
It was never bothered until a Red Sox came to town.
After the Red Sox game we came out to cook some more and the fans decided to steal my grill.
I don't stereotype it, but my opinion Red Sox fans, whether it bars at a game where just walking the streets are the worst fans out there.
Says the Kenny Rogers.
Sure it's not the Kenny Rogers that's working for us part time or maybe was working part time.
I don't know.
But I think that guy who said yesterday we ought to hire a higher back DFO and who else?
Gelly and Joe and get the Resurrective Award team in the morning.
There you go.
That's what we're looking to do.
Add payroll, baby.
That's what they're doing.
They're looking to do.
hire some new blood.
I mean, you know what this reminds me of?
It's like this flu thing.
The question in your mind is when when does it stop?
Yeah.
And that's what I'm wondering about this business.
When does the blood bath stop?
Does it?
Does it ever stop?
Yes, it does.
Does anybody safe?
Is anybody safe?
Is it safe?
And I'm a heartless son of a bitch, huh?
Right.
Is it safe?
Greg says, high neal.
Do you remember the days we were allowed to laugh at Condoleezza Rice?
If anyone who thinks they were above being laughed at?
I've walked forever with a bad limb from polio and I laugh at myself every day.
Not only do I want to hear the Condoleezza song and endless loop,
but I want to see the VH1 in the studio special with Vokabrine discussing all the stuff
that's all nuances of doing the recording and what it meant to him personally.
I know what it meant to me personally when they told us we couldn't play it in Omo.
And Muff was like, oh, gee, they're going to throw me out of the bus.
I'm going to take the heat for the poor Muff.
Great guy, but such a nervous Nelly, you know what?
A basket case.
I bet he's seen a few baskets.
What are you laughing about?
Now that's serious business.
Oh, yeah.
Let's take a look at the new emails.
There actually are a couple.
There's a sum.
Oh, Brian the Beast London says, oh, JMP is Jeremy Mark Peltz.
And not another one of those people I never heard of and don't ever want.
I don't want to know who that is.
Somebody across the street.
Yeah, I already got this George about the hotel bathroom is voted classiest.
Well, I got that.
We'll get to it.
If you send me something, I don't read it right away.
It means either I'll get to it later or I'm never going to read it.
Okay.
Okay, that's just like my telling them don't send me attachments or links.
Do you know how many of those I get every day?
Eight million attachments and links.
I don't open them.
I don't pay attention to my delete them right away and they go away.
They just just go away.
Oh, more, more cheap channel cuts.
I got another update on that.
Another spy report.
This is good.
It's a great day for the Irish to Jewish the Goyer.
The Schwarches.
It's a great day for everybody.
The Mexicans will not so much.
Poor, picked on Mexicans.
The people who are not saying very poor are saying fairly poor.
So the correct way to put it is we're seeing less pessimism than that.
Right.
That's right. We're optimistic.
We got good things going.
Depression, swine flu.
Everybody's getting canned out of work.
What's not to like?
Now where's this update on the tea channel?
Here's more.
This is from the Phantom Informer.
Oh, that's good.
You select the Phantom Informer a lot and they haven't heard from it in a long time.
Right.
The latest round of job cutting clear channel runs deep.
It involves some high profile on the air personalities.
Among them, 104.1's Bubba Wolfas Wilson of the Monsters
in the morning and Otto from the Phelps file.
What's 104.1?
I don't know.
I haven't got a clue what that is.
Is that in this market?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Well, that must be in Orlando.
Yeah.
I'm heartbroken, said a crest fall in Jim Phillips as he prepared for a staff meeting.
You're talking about wonderful talented people.
I've always said that whatever success I've had, it's because of the people around me.
The show will never be the same.
Never.
Never.
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family.
Again, never.
Said Monsters leader Russ Rollins.
This is a very sad day for me and for all Monsters fans.
Everyone on the show is heartbroken.
We all love it.
Bubba.
This isn't Bubba Loves Punch.
This is Bubba Wolfas Wilson.
Wolfas.
Also gone our long time 106.7F and Morning Producer Alex Diaz.
The shot doctor in his show from 540 AM and Crazy Sam from Rumble 100.3.
Also departing our number of headmen off air employees including 540 program director Tom Benson.
The company wouldn't discuss the departures but did confirm them.
Many media companies, my own included, are suffering nowadays, it says.
But Clear Channel in particular seems to be struggling more than Monsters struggling with one round of departure after another.
Last one was just three months ago.
I'd be checking my back, Jimmy Stifilis, if I was you.
Chief Channel My Ass.
Everybody's getting the axe.
And let me ask you something about that.
Oh, me, you.
Lick it and stick it.
What am I going to do with all this, Monster?
Pass over, sover.
And wouldn't it be neat if you could use all the MOTSER?
That you can eat.
Catch it like a fist, be with your friends in the fire.
Or you could jump in the water.
And put in your eyes.
You can make a MOTSER of big, big, big, small.
You can make a MOTSER license plate for your car.
Use it as a coat to when you're drinking your beer.
Or you can show it as competitive for a happy New Year.
Insoite.
Decorate.
The exfoliate.
Constipates.
Pass over, sover.
And wouldn't it be neat if you could use all the MOTSER?
That you can eat.
Catch it like a fist, be with your friends in the fire.
Or you can use it as a coat to hold your pace.
Or make a second MOTSER when you practice your karate.
Build a MOTSER darkhouse for your dog in the South East.
Make a little MOTSER bodied with it to buy.
Or you can make a pair of MOTSER wings and learn out of flight.
Wash them out to tree.
Make a picture for him for me.
Have a drink of MOTSER.
MOTSER is all that I can see.
There's just one more thing to do with on their very brand.
You can eat it.
Because it ain't all that bad.
Ain't all that good the first time I'll turn it that.
1117 at 560, here's the acting director of the CDC.
I hate that there's anywhere near a running into trouble in terms of their supplies of antivirals or your ability to take care of patients.
But with our forward moving approach, don't try to get the answer.
We're starting panically.
We are distributing 25% of the stockpile supplies that are allocated to those states now.
And some of the states have received them.
And all of the states will receive them by May 3rd.
We continue to issue guidance.
And we develop this guidance and conjunction with our partners.
The guidance for pregnant women and H1N1 is on the web.
We are also posting guidance for clinicians caring for children.
We have antiviral recommendations for patients in close contacts.
And we've posted guidance for airline crews and identifying potentially sick passengers.
When I finish my comments, we'll be hearing an update on some of the work going on at the Food and Drug Administration.
Oh, yeah, great. The good old FDA.
They'll protect you.
Not.
Why don't they just disband the FDA?
They don't do anything anyway.
Right?
Timothy says, fill it off your fans or goons.
Metz fans are ill-mandered idiots.
Let me take out this.
Hallsman, Philip, just instead of just saying.
I don't want to.
I don't want to read while I'm sucking in a hold on a re-coli or whatever it is.
Some cough drop with sugar in it too, by the way.
Okay.
Fill it off your fans or goons.
Metz fans are ill-mandered idiots.
But the title of worst goes to Boston with too many reasons to cite.
Here's one.
At the Patriots 2002 Super Bowl Victory Celebration in Vintown,
amid the festivities, a chant of Yankee Suck rose and sustained for several minutes.
WTF question mark.
Very classy.
They won the Super Bowl, but all they could think of was baseball and the Yankees.
Pathetic says Tim.
Pathetic.
High.
Somebody's out in my hallway.
Is the knobber talking loud?
I don't know.
Talking very loud.
Finally, they went in their joint.
Why do people do that?
They stand outside other people's doors and they're,
I don't want to hear what you have to say.
I'm not interested.
I don't think.
Several people have sent me this and I really don't know whether I should promote it or not.
But why not?
We promoted all the other giveaways, food giveaways.
Why not?
Okay.
Free burritos Wednesday at Chipotle Mimie Lakes.
Chipotle Mexican Grill.
Okay.
Is it one of our fine sponsors?
Maybe it will be someday.
Or maybe it already is.
I have no idea.
To celebrate it's Wednesday opening.
Chipotle Mexican Grill in Miami Lakes is giving away free burritos and burrito bowls.
11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Choose any of the naturally raised meats or gov vegetarian which comes with black beans, homemade
guacamole and steamed rice.
Oh.
If I could tell you what I think of black beans and guacamole, even soft drinks are free
on Wednesday.
This is today.
Now, happening now till 7 o'clock.
The Mimie Lakes restaurant is at 8,154th Street and it's got a picture here of a Chipotle burrito.
Why I never seen a burrito like that.
Nope.
So anyway, that's what's going on now.
Now, do you think I did the right thing by reading that?
Sure.
You move on.
And if they're not on the air, one of our salespeople can go and call on them.
You just, I'll tell you.
You haven't lost it.
Thanks.
I mean, Joe is unsure you ever had it.
See there, either you go mentioning Joe.
I told you, don't let me get involved with him.
Sorry about that.
He gets me aggravated.
I get really negative vibes.
The Dow is up.
How much?
161 points.
Good God.
What's going on?
Looks like a real good selling opportunity.
Haven't heard from Maria today.
Good old Maria.
Maybe Maria's got diarrhea.
Could be.
How are we doing on this horse ball pool?
We have 417 votes.
That's not too bad.
Tomorrow morning, at 10 o'clock, the winner book comes out.
The rating book, Arbitron, January, February and March.
It's a full book.
And then like Friday, of course, I won't be here Friday,
but we'll have the hourlies.
Right.
I'll leave that to you to read those.
I think it will be the same for Monday.
I'll say them.
Yeah, it'll give me something to kill an hour with on Monday.
See how the big O did.
See how they did across the street in everything except morning drive.
And everybody cracks me up.
Oh, these guys across the street are killing you.
Yeah, they got zero and one shares all day except afternoon drive.
And they're killing us.
They're kidding.
No one.
Not even themselves.
They know failure.
Object failure is the way to describe their efforts.
These last two hours were on May, but on.
They've tried everything but the kitchen sink.
And it hasn't worked.
Said the kid, the boobster of this one, that one.
Maybe they can pick up John Levin.
But maybe they can pick up some of these cheap channel rejects.
Those are the days, boy, WNWS.
You're right.
I could write a book.
I'd be the only one who'd read it, but it was there being entertaining to me.
To write it and then to read it.
WNWS.
790.
That preceded what you got over there now.
And our guarantee we had a hell of a lot of it.
We didn't have any numbers that started with a zero or one.
We had big giant numbers show that we're, they were ancient demographics.
Who cares?
Aren't you excited about tomorrow morning?
I have.
Possibility for some.
See that one.
Huh?
I said, yes, I have.
For many of us, faith is in flux.
Rights, John, Kuhner, son, son, scum, son, the law, staff writer.
Young adults are most likely to switch churches or stop going altogether.
Maybe this hope.
About half all American adults have changed religious affiliation, most often because they felt spiritually unfulfilled or found a church they liked better, according to a study released Monday.
Young adults are most likely to switch churches and stop going to church altogether.
Those who leave the religion of their childhood are more likely to do so before they reach age 24, according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life Survey.
So many forums and so many surveys and so many so much BS, that was up on 66.
Let's have a party.
The religious churn suggests that many Americans, even those who don't attend church, are constantly looking for religious fulfillment.
Said John Green, researcher on faith in flux, changes in religious affiliation in the US.
There's a real demand side of the religious marketplace that compliments the supply side.
There are people who are already willing to change faiths if they find one that appeals to them greenside.
The survey had good news and bad news for the Catholic Church.
While Catholics have one of the highest retention rates of people raised in the church because they're fantastic at brainwashing, they also are losing more members than they're gaining.
All you can say to that is,
the thing for Catholics is the number of people leaving out numbers that people join in the Catholic Church by a four to one margin said Greg Smith, a Pew researcher.
No other religious group had that kind of racial leaving versus people joining.
Nearly 60% of former Catholics who no longer attend any church, cited a satisfaction with the church's positions on abortion and homosexuality, and half-sided their position on birth control.
Nobody cited their position on child rape among Protestants have said they left because they stopped believing in the church's teachings.
All the bubble my sees all the time.
John and Carol McNally's family epitomizes the range of reasons that so many Americans shift religious affiliations throughout their lives.
John was raised to Catholic and belongs to the 56% of Americans who never switched religions.
Well, let me get back to that after the break. It's long and ponderous, but it's good.
And it's promising. It holds some hope out there for the future of the subhuman race.
Just because they brainwash you with a bunch of fairy tales, remember there's no tooth theory and there's no sandy clause, okay?
Oh, but there must be a God. There is only God.
There is only one.
Don't you think it's time for a sequel to Exorcist? Yes.
Oh, that we already had two of them. I forgot. And they were both awful.
The third one was the worst one was Richard Burton. Did you ever see that?
Oh, yeah, that's all that.
Oh, God.
You get a lot of b...
Parks!
The Rogers R Usports Radio WQA.
This portion of the show brought to you by Spring Break in Mexico.
The only party destination with hot and cold bodies and drugs worth fighting for.
Oh, I love that. Let's just keep playing that endless loop.
Jimmy Cifilis is back with another cost to keep mail, but before that,
Tom Jicke says, per Adventurer Police Department,
Adventurer City of Excellence Charter School received two suspicious letters this morning,
FBI's on a scene with MDFR Hasman. What's MDFR?
I don't know, Miami-Dade Fire Rescue.
Very good. I'm just guessing.
That's it. Wow.
Wow. And then they want to let you go?
Please. Let me go.
They want to make you go?
Yeah.
They want to take you to the door and shove you as hard as they can.
That's right.
That's the door back there by those stairs that Fat Boy fell down that time.
Tumbled out the stairs.
Unfortunately, not hard enough.
Jimmy Cifilis says, keep on talking trash Rogers.
I'm the only local show on the scene.
You know, it's Manny from Kindle.
It's Manny, his producer.
Okay.
He's writing all this crap guaranteed.
I'm the only local show on the station and the highest rated AM warning host in the market.
If anyone is going to be let go, it is you and your $500,000 salary.
Not even close, Jimmy.
You haven't deserved that money in years.
You are the most overpaid talent in quotes in the country.
George G. Beasley and Bruce G. Beasley are wise to you.
Mark my words. You aren't going to last through the end of the year.
If you aren't let go, Joe Bell will.
You understand that sentence?
If you aren't let go, Joe Bell will?
No.
I would have normed contact to folks.
And James Crystal Radio immediately leaves not sooner.
Maybe I can get some of that worthless James Crystal stock.
That was their big offer during those heated contract negotiations.
James Crystal's stock for their 82 sports stations with their 0.0 share.
Although DeFos over there wouldn't be great to reunite with Mepho.
Not 640.
How many watts they got?
About 30, man.
In other words, watts the point.
Anyway, getting back to this thing about faith as in flux.
Good article.
John and Carol McNally's family epitomizes the range of reasons
that so many American shift religious affiliations throughout their lives.
John was raised to Catholic belongs to the 56% of Americans
who never switched religions.
Carol was raised as an Episcopatean,
as among the 30% of Protestants who said they left their church
because of a lifestyle change such as marriage are moving to a new community.
Carol converted to Catholicism in 1979 after attending church services
for years with her husband and five children.
I would stay in the pew while they were taking communion.
There was something missing said Carol 64 in Orlando.
I came for all the appetizers, but I couldn't stay for the dinner.
She didn't get the wafer, I guess.
And that right?
Right.
Or try the wine.
Two of the couples five children have left the Catholic faith.
One of their daughters became a Methodist upon marriage,
while another married a Baptist who became Catholic.
Their youngest child became a Baptist after she began questioning Catholic beliefs.
Well, how can anybody do that?
She was the one who was always staring at the ceiling in church
and thinking about five different things, mom said.
Now she's active in her church and goes to all sorts of Bible studies.
Oh, how sad.
The survey of 2867 in October 3rd, November 7th also found
that most people who leave their church gradually drift away.
Carol said her son fits that description.
She still holds out hope for her backslide in Catholic son,
who was married, but childless.
Having children, she said, is another one of those lifestyle changes
that leads people back to church, making babies.
Is that what the Catholic Church is all about?
Uh, and money.
Making babies and then molesting them?
Right.
The religious comings and goings within the McNally family
show what a pure research found, a rich religious diversity
that offers many choices.
Rather than signaling into climate religion,
they face influx represent a spiritual vitality this craft says.
Uh, yeah.
These patterns of change are highly correlated to religious diversity,
green said.
There were a lot of groups people moved from and moved to.
It doesn't matter to Carol who among her children is Catholic and who isn't.
The religious diversity around the family table is inspiring and reassuring.
I'm just glad they have a strong faith to fall back on in times of crisis in each.
She said we have such so many really good religious discussions.
Most of them in would come to gunshots.
I would imagine.
What do you want to send me?
If actually send me something.
The real fandom informer says I retired as the fandom informer.
In fact, I'm out of the business.
Thank God it was not me.
I don't even have that little picture.
I used to include the bottom of each facts anymore.
If I ever find it all sent to you, but if it's it's not there except for now.
It's a fake or not me except no substitutes.
Love and kisses the real fandom informer.
We should have known, huh?
But I'm so easy.
I get suckered in all that crap on the email.
I believe they're all real.
Even the fake Jimmy Cifilis.
I mean, wouldn't you put on your email?
Jimmy Cifilis?
Sure.
I do anyway.
Now what is this supposed to mean?
Apparently that's from the Jeremy Marks peltz.
Somebody sends me this picture of him.
Disgusting guy with grotesque thick lips.
It says when somebody looks like him and then it's got a bunch of commentary here.
Which I'm sure this is from across the street.
Charles and Pinecress sent this in.
Should I print it out?
I'm printing it out right now.
I want to be spiffy when I have my new thing tomorrow.
Your new drum?
The new drum.
We marched to a different drum on this show, baby.
We got a new drum coming tomorrow so that I can put it in that thing over there.
Although it worked pretty well.
I'm pretty good at creating all these makeshift things in my own little studio here.
And it's not interesting that we have a technical problem.
99,000 out of 100.
It's there on that end.
Because nobody's in here to mess around with all this stuff.
Coincidence.
The settings are always the same.
There's nothing to mess around with.
Charles and Pinecress is when somebody's first word is Duke.
And that person's method of learning mathematics is studying Brad Lohaus's basketball card.
He's expecting to somehow land up as a station sports guy.
Jeremy Marks Peltzer, JMP for those frightened by three names, fits the description of 94 W1Z sports director.
And is the studio host for the Miami Heat Broadcast Network.
This is just a this is a puff piece.
He's one of software is rising play by play star serving as the play by play voice of the FIU Golden Panther's football on 940 W1Z.
That's pretty heavy duty.
He's also called you M athletics on ACC select and has experience in minor league baseball and high school football.
Those who listen to JMP on the sports animal are aware.
Well, that's right.
940 is the sports sports animal.
Choked me up.
I'm aware of his diehard legences to the heat dolphins hurricanes and the Mets.
Oh, the Mets my not the Marlins.
What kind of a local sports guy is that?
Who did a Mets fan?
Sounds like Mo who is a Jets fan doing the dolphin games.
Remember, he's the inspired reports that his wife and family would attend the dolphin games when the Mets when the Jets were playing.
At Dolphins stadium and they would be wearing Jets jerseys.
Remember those rumors?
Yep.
No way to confirm them, but it's certainly a possibility.
What should be off limits to comedy?
That's our mediocre poll question.
They 600 or 439 votes.
President Obama's 100th day now they're making a big stimulus about that.
Yesterday was Arlan Spectre's back to the Democrats and now it's Obama's 100th day.
We're in being left behind our nation's not leading the world in developing 21st century energy.
I'm not satisfied.
And I know you aren't either.
The crisis that we're confronting was many years in the making.
It will take us time to overcome it.
Anything besides swine flu, right?
Right.
Let's get a whole bunch of other stuff on there.
Calm down about the swine flu until it's like, till somebody starts coughing in your face.
In fact, I'm going to say this is somebody sneezes right in front of you or coughs in your face.
Shoot them.
What should be off limits to comedy?
Absolutely nothing 141.
Everything else is small potatoes.
Nothing as long as it's funny 95.
Terminally sick children 91.
That's that far and away the one category.
Right.
You should have told it to that loser.
What was his name?
Do you remember?
Billy.
Billy.
Billy.
I know everyone's name was Ron.
The other person was always Ron.
Remember they wanted to replace the other Ron.
Diaz.
Correct.
So whoever they were doing this series of audition.
Oh audition. That's right.
Sonny Fox was on there for a couple of days and then the Billy Bob.
Right.
So the other person was always Ron.
Whatever their real name actually was.
And then they paid me off to go away for several months.
And QM started paying you.
To not.
To do in production.
Right.
And that's when you warned me this is not a radio station.
No.
It's a sports bar with a microphone.
Or a board of office business.
Right.
You said you warned me.
It was shocking and it's no different now than it was then.
And I love the fact that when we started down on the second floor.
We were playing commercials off carts that hadn't been erased.
Yeah.
And you could hear everything in the background.
You could hear like another spot.
So it was like spots in stereo two spots at the same time.
Or you'd hear.
They took the under-raced cart.
They took the book of production errors and things not to do and followed it very closely.
But I'll tell you those were really great days compared to.
Like now these days.
Those were the salad days.
Well, what does that expression mean?
There's another stupid expression of those salad.
Maybe in the good old days we could have salad.
I'm just going to have the dessert days.
I'll have the meal.
Yeah.
Neal?
God?
I've run the producers of Fast and Furious.
Oprah Winfrey stars in Fat and Furious.
It's no secret.
I've gained weight.
A staggering 500 and 13 pounds.
Let's be final.
She from Fat and Shadowweight 15 pounds.
I am mad at myself.
Oprah Winfrey and Fat and Furious.
I'm too fat to go to the gym.
Yeah.
Lose some weight.
She is a hero to huge, floppy women.
1146, 14 to noon at 560 WQAM.
It's amazing to me.
Well, I guess not amazing.
Shocking.
But now one person in this audience has seen that movie, Deadbolt.
Who that is?
I'm an early-done.
Justine Bateman.
Well, I talked about it yesterday.
I'm not saying it's one of the great movies of all time or even sensational.
But it kills an hour and a half.
It's not bad.
It keeps your attention.
It weaves a web of crap.
I think I supported already with the thing about the botulism.
But never do I.
Nobody has seen it.
Deadbolt.
And you still can't remember if you did see it.
No, I don't think I did.
I think I'd remember that.
You remember what the botulism or something?
Joey says Jeremy Marx-Pels.
As if we care.
I'm so sick and tired of Jeremy Marx-Pels.
I still don't know who that is.
And I don't either.
And I don't care.
Used to be depot sidekick when depot was doing early mornings at the ticket.
The ticket.
Ticket ticket.
I guess we don't run those anymore.
Thank God.
Ticket ticket.
You know what?
I think they've got in mind.
I think they want free to do mid days.
And then maybe team them up with Sid Rosencrantz.
Okay.
I think that's what they got in mind.
And I think the tactic is going to be to bring this issue about you getting canned to a head.
All right.
So that I would walk out and you'll be gone and then they can stick whoever they want in there.
Sounds like a part in basement.
They go back to those ratings that they had before you came up with.
That's right.
Picking one.
Yeah.
One that they were the Lawrence Walk ratings are ones of twos.
They would have a party if they got two or two.
At least Lawrence Walk would do a one or two or three.
They never got to a three.
No.
Barry Jackass informs me more Jeremy Peltzer crap.
FIU football is switching radio stations this fall and will have its games broadcast on seven ninety the ticket beginning with the season opener Alabama September 12.
Who cares?
Who cares?
When golden pathers games conflict with marlins or Panther games.
FIU can be heard on WMCU 1080.
What is that?
WMCU.
Did you ever hear such a thing?
Nope.
Last year FIU football was heard on 940 I and Z.
The football broadcast will have new announcers as FIU chose not to retain color analyst Randy Casowitz and sideline reporter Michael Mandage.
Michael Mandage?
Is that his kid?
I guess.
I mean a stupid question.
Obviously how many Mandishes are there?
Couple.
Last year's play by play announcer Jeremy Marks Peltzer is considered a candidate for the FIU play by job on seven ninety.
The new announcers expected to be named later this summer.
Wow Barry that's some really really heavy duty crap.
Jeremy Marks Peltzer.
Don't they make fur coats out of that?
Yep.
Good.
God.
Are you referring to Bill Hayes from the Paxing Days?
Ask the fake Tom Jicca?
I guess that was his name.
Wanted Bill Hayes?
Doesn't ring a bell?
Nope.
It does with me.
That was his name.
Oh wait.
Yeah.
Oh, we're going to chew to his back.
You're close personal buddy.
Oh yeah.
He's on.
You're amigo.
Yeah.
You're a hero.
Please stop playing Obama's live media propaganda events.
Unfortunately the plan that they presented.
We've got enough corporates propaganda through mainstream media.
Could you please tell me the difference between the George Bush administration and the Wall Street puppet master leading people in the Obama administration?
And you couldn't.
What they were doing wasn't.
Oh, it's cutting out without being the words at the state.
I think I think it's a comedy pink or conspiracy.
See the way that's audio is cutting out in the picture too.
Jumping around.
I just blocked Rooster Choo Choo again.
Going to any good.
No.
Take a big dump on your wherever you're sitting.
Okay Rooster, get lost.
Hop on the morning train.
And hope you feel lots of pain.
Maybe you'll hop on the same train that the little dev kid did and there will be blood.
And maybe Rooster Choo Choo we can get some blood on his tail.
What do you think?
Sounds great.
George said this is George with a G.
I've been listening since WKAT, a big fan but not a fanatic.
But why not?
I think you should set up a neo-Rodges trivia contest.
I think not.
There's so much that so many new listeners last 20 years do not know.
Plus mix up recent trivia.
We would have a hoot trying to find out the answers.
Some examples.
What kind of business did Neil Owen?
A. Broadcasting School.
B. Consulting Business.
C. Nutrition Store.
D. All of the above.
What city and city manager attack neo-Rodges publicly?
Hellendale Beach and I. Can Dola.
His name was Intendola.
Not I. Can Dola.
Intendola.
Get it right George.
There could be hundreds of questions.
You've told us a lot about yourself over the years.
You've been involved with all sorts of things.
As a proud owner of a Boone in the Box photo.
Trust me I know.
Just an idea.
Have a great spring and summer in Toronto.
I moved out of the keys here.
I can only get you when I'm in the car.
But I remain a loyal listener.
Best George.
Thank you George.
But it's a bad idea.
See these people don't want it to be the neo-Rodges show.
They want it to be a show about neo-Rodges.
What a play.
Sure.
Even though George says he's a big fan of not a fanatic.
I think you're a stalker George.
No seriously.
Too much of that crap.
Charlie B is the guiltyest of the mall.
My God.
All these polls.
Oh, if you had a chance to sniff Niels ass.
I mean, what do you think it would smell like?
Oh God.
Just on and on and on with the Niels center crap.
A neo-Rodges trivia thing.
Let's get Mike Spindell to do it.
Now there's a guy who hasn't resurfaced on the year.
Anywhere in the last 100 years.
Ernie Sochner Mike Spindell.
Those are the days.
Mike would come on a year and do his trivia thing.
And we get no calls.
And he said, don't you want to have any fun?
Don't you want to have any?
They weren't having fun Mike.
They were not having fun.
They were in pain.
In addition to which the average age or a listener back in those days with death plus 10.
So I don't think fun was in their itinerary.
I think that the last nap.
I was thinking about that yesterday.
I mean, I'm not one of those people that dwells on death.
You know, it's going to happen.
Yeah.
I think.
But I was thinking about when you're first example, if you die like a slow death, not slow painful.
But just, you know, you know, it's your last days and you lay in there in bed and you're surrounded by a couple of friends.
Whoever.
Yeah.
And as you're about to take the last breath, what thoughts go through your mind?
Good question.
I'll go out some dead people.
Go ask some people who grew up.
John Edwards, medium guy.
Yeah, ask the people who died and then came back.
You know, this people who had like out of body experiences or whatever they call that crap.
Yeah.
All the tablets are always running that car because they require.
I died and then came back.
I was dead for 30 minutes and I came back.
I saw a big white cloud, a big white light in the sky.
Yeah.
A big white light, my ass.
That's what it was, my ass.
Hmm.
Big white ass.
Big white ass.
Big white, simply old ass.
Oh, the fake Larry King who really bugs the hell out of me.
I think I'm going to block him too.
He's either Mr. Radio or one of those others.
You were right about these fake people, man.
They are so ponderous.
All they care about, what was it about the other day?
Dickie Farkel.
I don't know, just all the like obscure radio.
I'm so curious.
You're inside radio garbage that nobody cares about, including even the people that they're talking about.
Right.
God.
Talk about an antibody.
That's what's beyond group.
This is like obsessive.
I had an antibody experience when you were reading about that.
What?
I said I had an antibody experience.
A Dick Farkel spy report.
Yeah.
Like a Drew Michael.
That's what it was similar to.
Yeah.
Oh, here's my body.
You know something?
Our timing was right.
A spot on.
Subject.
Mark Shinebaum.
If Jimmy is right, we'd love to hear you on 850 W.
You'd be a good lead in the Joyce Kaufman.
WFTL can no longer be considered the light bulb.
At 50,000 watts WFTL and its five sister stations can be heard through south Florida from the keys to the Palm Beacons.
Even out of the Bahamas.
The only problem is nobody's listening to it.
They could have 50 million watts and they still ain't got nobody listening.
Joyce Kaufman, my ass.
I'd be a good lead in the Joyce Kaufman.
Wouldn't that be great?
Oh, yeah.
That's what I've always aspired to do.
50,000 watts WFTL.
James Crystal Radio.
I think that's a good idea.
Why don't we have a swap out?
Okay.
It'd be nice to be on a signal that somebody could actually hear.
You know how they make trades and sports and the old team still continues to pay a big chunk of the salary.
To defray the cost that the new team can't afford to pay.
Isn't that a good plan?
Sounds like a great plan.
Let's start.
Okay, Norma, there you go.
James Crystal Radio.
It's the wave of the future.
Not.
It's more hard to do.
And this portion of the new Rogers 12-1 hour is brought to you by the Let It 12.
12-5-6-7-8-9-15-12.
The Lices of Pizza.
All for me.
And air.
Up, up, up, up, up, up.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
I think you like constantly.
Sure you won't like it.
We can not share.
That's where I'll be.
Our brightest player will cheat it.
Our brightest player will cheat it.
You'll feel cheated.
91 cases of swine flu in the US.
Oh my God.
Only that one little dead kid who was from Mexico anyway.
Not that that, you know, diminishes the fact that he died, but he was from Mexico.
Okay, and that makes you feel a little less sad.
No.
Sure does.
Sad when a child dies.
What?
It's sad that one hates you.
Oh, of course.
But if he was an American, you're supposed to be if you're patriotic.
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
You're not.
Right.
And what's your story?
Do you have a passport?
Do you have a visa?
I'm in time.
Do you have a master card?
I have.
I have a white card.
A lot?
A white card.
White people get white cards.
Oh, what the hell is that?
It's a white card, man.
I can go anywhere and do anything.
If you wanted to fly to Mexico like tomorrow, I'd have to go get a passport.
It's a different form.
And a visa.
Right.
Do Americans need a visa to go to Mexico?
I don't know what they need.
And anyway.
Passengers drunk, not infected by swine flu.
Lymphica, Maryland.
Too many to wait, too much to drink, caused 117 passengers on flight from Mexico to Maryland
to wait on board after landing while health authorities checked the two for symptoms of swine flu.
Cases confirmed in four more states today.
Or brought one even back from Mexico, except for this child.
The commotion began when air-trans flight 85 from Cancun, Mexico, radioed ahead to Baltimore
Washington International, third-grade martial law report, that two passengers had nausea
and fever, said airports spokesman Jonathan Dean.
When it landed, the airports fire and rescue department met it.
The two men were isolated and examined, said David Paulson, director of communication
for the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.
FAA spokesman Jim Peters said they simply had too much to drink.
They did not have respiratory distress, or as they say here respiratory, that there's a symptom
of swine flu.
They refused treatment, and the other passengers were allowed to leave the plane after being
detained less than an hour.
Swine flu has said it would have been a factor more than 150 deaths, and we know that.
In Mexico.
Paulson said contact information was collected from all the passengers, and they were given
fact sheets detailing what they should do if they become ill.
Take a gun, put it to your head, hold a trigger, and that will put you out of your pain.
Morning Train says,
you ready?
Yeah, well you blocked it in Mazda, Rooster Chuchu, so.
He says whoever wrote to you as Rooster Chuchu was an imposter.
Oh no.
We blocked him into that handle, so whoever's writing as Rooster Chuchu is not really me.
Secondly, I want to apologize to George for endangering his position with a show.
I know I complained about what I perceived as a lack of effort on his part, but I never intended
for him to lose his job.
Besides, I only complained to you, and never thought the one receiving my message was Joe Bell.
Morning Train apologizes.
Yeah.
Do you accept his apology?
No, no, no, no.
No, George is not except your apologies on the verge of getting canned because he was a baker.
Yeah, that's why.
Morning Train, you're a real pain, and I think you might be a little bit insane.
Maybe he knows Barbara.
Damn, oh, damn it.
And Martin Landau.
He was so great in them.
What was it?
The Bell of the Ghosty movie.
Oh, Edward Edward.
I got a mental block on that.
It's okay.
Johnny Depp was in it, so I should know the wood parts should be.
Johnny Depp would mind.
But Edward.
Here's the poll.
What should be off limits to comedy?
This is the poll that's so bad I don't even want to read it.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
It's bad.
It's from our friend Sean and Hollywood.
Sorry Sean.
I don't want to disobey.
I appreciate whatever you send.
But pretty weak, even by your standards, pretty weak.
I'm printing it out right now because I'm sure that there are a lot of people out there hanging on the edge of their seats.
Don't you think that's why most people listen to the full to the show?
See?
That's what's in the poll.
To the result of our poll.
And we could do a really timely poll like how panicky are you about to swine flu?
What are you doing to protect yourself?
I was stupid stuff like that.
I'm letting fewer people spit in my mouth.
Right.
Staying inside with all the doors locked.
In fact, now just the embatement might not feel so bad about being locked in that apartment.
From dead boil.
Still nobody else saw that movie dead boil.
I haven't had one comment on it.
I mean, you know, it's not a well-known movie.
I will grant you that.
And on IMDB, I think it gets like 5.5 out of 10.
And which isn't a really bad rating.
It means it's a little above average.
I thought it was okay.
I watched it about three different times.
Okay.
What should be off the midst of comedy?
479 vote.
Absolutely nothing.
153.
Terminally sick children.
102.
Nothing as long as it's funny.
101.
Child molestation.
45.
The Holocaust.
21.
911.16.
God.
6.
God.
Deal.
God.
God.
God.
Don't tell that to George Burns.
I guess it's too late.
Yeah.
Cancer patient 6.
Jesus Christ 5.
Disaster victim of 3.
The royal family 3.
That really frost my ass.
Why does anybody in the US give a crap about the frickin' royal family or princess Diane?
I don't know.
Blacks 3.
AIDS 2.
Princess Diana 2.
What's that bit?
Princess Diane is gone.
Is that what it is?
Princess Diane.
Yes.
There's Princess Abdullah.
Prince Harry.
It's short and sweet.
Princess Diane is gone.
Don't make fun of her.
It's a short bit.
Princess Diane we're begging please.
Paparazzi is coming after you.
You're gonna crash into a long,
no rich guys for you.
Princess Diane is gone.
Oh, Princess Diane.
Princess Diane is gone.
She's really gone.
Oh, he knew a tunnel.
Hello, Walt.
That's what people say that Princess Diane should be open with the Taiwanese.
So what's this?
The Ken Allen will play that.
Okay.
The recently deceased 2.
The disabled 2.
Jews 2.
The President 1.
Gays 1.
The Pope 1.
OJ Killings 1.
The Kennedys 1.
And none from other to Reese's.
Somebody's parents are Muslims.
Sorry, I guess I can play raghead.
Please.
Although raghead isn't just Muslims.
No, it's all a visit.
What about Hindu?
What?
They don't wear rags on their heads.
Who don't?
The Hindus.
They don't.
They don't.
So in other words, when I see the Punjabi it would bind.
Does he have a rag on his head?
Some of them have a turban.
So I know that those are the Muslims.
Anyone's without the turbans are the Hindus?
The turban people are the Sikhs.
So there are no Muslims in India?
Oh, I don't know.
Sure there are.
Isn't Sikh a kind of Muslim?
I have no idea.
You're asking me?
You're the religion expert.
I'll go look it up.
You're the religion debunker.
Sikh is a Muslim.
I'm sure one of our fine astute audience members will know.
But you look it up.
I am.
Nobody's seen deadbolt.
It would make me feel so much better.
About life in general.
But there's nothing on there.
There is absolutely nothing on that email thing.
NeilatNearRages.com.
There's a few old poll suggestions.
And if they're still sitting on there, you know how bad they must be.
If they're sitting around for a couple of weeks, you know, they're really, really, really bad.
Now, do you look it up yet?
Sikhs are Muslims?
I don't think they are.
But yeah, there are plenty of Muslims in India.
In India, of course.
I don't think they're the the turbine wearing types.
What do you mean you don't think they're the turbine wearing type?
Well, there's two types, you know, like the, uh, are they the suicide bomb type?
I guess.
I don't know.
I'll go ask a Indian.
Hey, I want to know.
It was my building, man.
These Muslims reproduce like, like field mice.
So what's the verdict?
So far not.
Not what?
Not Muslim.
I've tried to explain to you and the audience over the years that the world is a battle of
headgear.
Yeah.
Whoever wears the most impressive and effective headgear, that's the one that's going to wind up
in heaven with the 85 virgins and all that other crap and a lot of the serets.
I wonder if there's diabetes in heaven, you think?
Of course not.
You don't have a body.
What about if I fart in heaven?
You think we can play that?
If I fart before, before the break ends and I can play that, the memo will come down.
Joyce decided you can't say you're playing thing with the word fart.
I don't want to can't you make this sound.
You can't say the word fart.
Well, guess what Joyce?
Fart, fart, fart, fart.
There you go.
Before, before the memo comes in.
Head to get a few farts out of my system.
You ever have that?
All the time.
12 minutes after just this morning.
Yeah.
You're slipper, man.
You're slipper.
You're prepped under a lot of stress, a lot of pressure from George.
He comes in in the morning not knowing whether somebody will be there to meet him at the
studio door.
Right.
One day at a time.
When your good close friend flees, he says, oh, guess what?
I'm sitting in that chair now, Georgie Boy.
Mm-hmm.
You're good close personal buddy.
Who yesterday sent me one of the worst, most suspicious pull suggestions in the history
of the human race.
Why suspicious?
Are you saying it was a setup?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know what it was.
Like you'd be that stupid?
I know that I don't trust anybody at this point, even myself.
And if I was down here, I'm just in the kind of mood, the way things are going to last
couple days, just in the kind of mood to come down here and start blown away a few people.
Not one of mentioning particular names, Joe, but I mean.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WDQM Niels Hamprice deals are back in this week tomorrow.
We're going to be featuring $50 certificates for Hamprice to share Pete Lombard's newest
creation.
Pete's Tuscan Havatchee Grill in Parkland right next door to Pete's Cafe Velocera.
Pete's Tuscan Havatchee Grill is the most unique and family fun restaurant anywhere, featuring
the finest Italian food cooked right in front of you Havatchee style.
That's right.
Havatchee style.
They offer fantastic on trays like columnary steaks.
And what did you have last night?
I had this steak and shrimp steak steak tips and shrimp.
Sounds sensation.
It was Italian sausage, peppers and onions fresh tuna fresh scallops or fresh salmon with grilled
portabellas plus sirloin steak tips and sirloin steak tips pizza, older with peppers, mushrooms,
onions and Pete's Tuscan Havatchee Grill features great combos like steak tips and lobster
tail and combos of just about anything else on the menu.
Pete's Tuscan Havatchee Grill 73 41 North-Stay Road 7 just north of Hillsboro Park in Parkland.
Right next door to Pete's Cafe Velocera.
Call 9-5-4-3-4-5-4-D99 or go to Pete's Tuscan Havatchee Grill.com.
Get set to buy $50 certificates at Hav Price just 25 bucks tomorrow at noon on wqam.com.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, new, good.
I went everybody's head about the bed.
The bed, bed, bed.
1217 we got how many cases I say 91 in the US of the US swine flu.
Oh my god.
Right.
And that one dead little kid.
Quite frankly, I haven't heard them say anything about any of the other cases where anybody's
gotten really seriously ill.
Have you?
They'll have not.
I mean, you know, they tested positive for it, but they're not getting like, oh gee, I'm on
the way.
But there's your president, the Lee ad president pushed before him.
Why are you talking over him, Brian Williams?
You communist you.
You fascist.
You is this.
Miley is host of tap.
Get out of here.
That's how that kid grows up and the fact that they're healthy.
That doesn't help me.
And in the private sector insurance system, oftentimes ensures make the same calculation.
Their attitude is what people change jobs enough for us to pay for the preventive medicine
now when there's a factor to in sign language, you're sure you're watching him?
Yes, I am.
Do you understand it?
They go fast and they lose me, but I can pick up like every third or four years.
Every hundredth word.
Sean says seeks our Hindi.
Hindi.
And yes, India has a bunch of Muslims.
Yeah, I knew that.
I was just funny.
India's got tons of Muslims.
But what brand?
I don't know.
You know, the bearded ones are the ones that wear the stuff on their head as I understand.
Right, that's right.
Like the cab drivers it would buy.
The cab drivers with the turbines and the long beards.
And a lot of times they're not even sitting in their cab.
They're inside plunging their guts out.
Now what's the Muslim attitude about gambling?
Same as the orthodox Jews attitude about gambling.
It would be the same.
I imagine.
Sure.
Why orthodox Jews are like forbidden Muslims?
They all came from the same place.
It's the same.
What do we, it came from the same place.
Islam is a lot of ripped off, you know, Judeo Christianity if you didn't know.
No questions.
They're both semi-taught.
I knew you knew that.
Everybody have to wear a mosque when they go in the mosque.
Oh, only when they're SARS or swine flu.
Oh, everybody's wearing these stupid masks in Mexico.
And some people in Texas and like the governor was nitty-ditty.
Not so stupid masks.
What?
They're not so stupid.
If you're in Mexico, you'd better be wearing a mask.
No, no, no, no, no.
You don't understand.
The masks don't do anything.
The virus goes right through it.
Oh, I had no idea.
Yeah, they were talking about that last night.
Better masks.
Better masks.
The masks are useless.
If they, if they flew virus, the swine virus gets in the air.
Somebody sneezes and it's in the air.
And you're breathing.
And you're wearing one of the masks.
Gornars-Telfin, baby, it's not going to do a damn thing.
It looks snappy, you know.
It's good to protect your identity.
If you don't want to be all over the media.
All right.
If you don't want to be known as a dangerous Mexican.
I know some dangerous Mexicans believe me.
Quite frankly, I think they're all dangerous.
Barry Jackass is hearing that Howard Davis,
oh, they're this full court press that you people put on over there.
It's just pathetic.
How they want to promote a certain guy.
So they send me 85 different emails.
These are all coming from across the street.
All of this garbage, Jimmy Cifalus, Barry Jackass.
These are all from across the street.
Yep.
Hearing that Howard Davis is very interested in Jeremy Marx-Pelts for mornings.
Relationship with George Sennano was strained and there's been infighting.
More to follow.
More to follow.
I'm going to get right on the edge of my seat.
Barry.
Jeremy Marx-Pelts.
Please.
Please put him on.
I beg you.
If you think Sid the kid did bag numbers, which he did,
you can't see nothing yet.
They could do a number that starts with an easy.
Oishmoid you was back.
He just refuses to take a rest.
Give it a rest, Oishmoid.
Although he does say no life at all.
If Mao was still around, she could have George put the sleep
and tell you he got to hold us some bad beans.
Joe Bell might be listening and do it anyway to save a few bucks.
Yeah, I think they're going to kill me.
Remember, Network in the end, Howard Beale, he couldn't go away.
So they made him go away.
I think that's what they haven't mind for me.
It wouldn't surprise me.
I think this meeting with Joe and then the subsequent conversation with me in Norma
was intended to get me all pissed off and take a walk.
I won't do it.
They could come in there right now with an oozy and blow your brains out.
And as much as I love you and I appreciate everything you've done and yada yada yada.
I would still sit here and continue doing the show.
Well, good.
I will not walk out.
They will pay me every dime remaining in this contract for the next four and three
quarter years.
Four and two turd you, whatever the hell it is.
Over many turd you got.
Now, there would be sad.
We don't want them to come in here and, you know, kill you or kidnap you or put a mask over your face.
Although it couldn't hurt.
In fact, maybe as a protection from management, you should come in there with a mask.
It's a good idea.
And when they come in and say, hey, George, we're dragging that arrow.
I'm not George.
George ain't here.
George, I tailed it out of here hours ago.
Right.
So the wheels are turning in management minds.
The wheels are turning.
What can we do?
How can we make this happen?
Yada yada.
Because you understand that your general manager, he's like a spoiled child.
He always has to get his way.
You do understand that.
I guess I did.
There's the right way.
There's the worldly way.
And then there's the beastly way.
And they will always get their way.
So how about those cheap channel cuts, huh?
Even John leave it to bevers out there in the street.
John Levin.
Aha.
Aha.
You know, he used to be my producer and board op when I did eight to midnight at WNWS,
at least for part of that tenure.
And at midnight after the show, we would sit around in the, I forget in the programming room.
And BS for the longest damn time.
And then it took weeks before I found out that his wife was sitting in a parking lot waiting for him.
Really?
While all this conversation was going on.
Aha.
And the reason being that he couldn't drive, he had some kind of suspended license.
I don't know what it was.
I see.
It's something.
A blast from the past.
But I never knew that.
And here we're talking a lot, just a lot of crap, you know.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, and she's sitting out there cooling her heels in the car waiting for him to get his fat ass out there and go home.
Hmm.
When you think your wife would think about that, she wouldn't be doing that.
No, she wouldn't pick you up.
And I wouldn't do it to her.
She has many times.
Oh, in the olden days, all the time she's driving to and from work because we were both working and we only had one car.
You mean back in the salad day?
Yeah.
Kind of like no.
Back when the two of you didn't hate each other like poison?
I didn't say that.
Oh.
Even then you did?
We do our duty.
Here's a great story.
Water, water-ford township Michigan blown away Chihuahua reunited with owners.
Tinkerbell has been reunited with their owners after 70 mile an hour gust of wind picked up the six pound Chihuahua and tossed about a site.
That must have been on Saturday.
It was at Friday night, Friday night, Saturday, I figure which day or Saturday because it was hotter and held during the day.
And then we had these horrible thunderstorms with gigantic 65 mile an hour winds.
Dorothy and Levernt Outley credited a psychic for guiding them Monday to a wooden area nearly a mile from where eight month old Tinkerbell had last been seen.
The brown long hair dog was dirty and hungry but otherwise okay.
How do you like that?
I'll use psychic skeptics like me.
A psychic guided them to a wooden area and they there was the dog.
Huh?
Dirty and hungry but otherwise okay.
He got blown away.
The outlays have roched his to Michigan and set up an outdoor display Saturday to flea market watershift waterford township.
Northland, North West of Detroit.
Tinkerbell was standing on their platform trailer when she was swept away.
Dorothy outlay tells the Detroit news that her cherished pet just went wild upon seeing her poor little baby.
I don't like Chihuahua's though.
No.
You think Chihuahua's have swine flu?
Let's say they do.
This this Mark Shine bomb one this is this is really good.
Mark Shine bomb Mickey Fry.
No biggie.
Your Picciacadal station presents the Mark Shine bomb show.
Who?
Who?
Yeah.
The light bulb baby.
Oh, did they run a treasure trove of hosts through there man from hell host from hell.
The light bulb.
Including Joyce Kaufman.
I wonder what ever happened to my old friend Craig Worthing is he still alive as he um.
I'll let you know how I'll touch.
I'm out of touch.
What?
I'll ask Mr. Ray.
I don't even know if my relatives are still alive.
Because I didn't go to mom's funeral.
You know, so now I'm on the S list.
I'm sure that I can hear you're all broken up about it.
No.
No, I mean, it would be interesting.
I'd like to find out.
Because my my mother's sisters were both like in their late 80s.
I wonder if they made it to 90.
That would only increase my hopes for a long Jeviti man.
I could be I could be on this station doing this show till I'm 95.
When Joe Bell is pushing up daisy.
Oh, see, I told you don't let me mention his name.
I get so depressed.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Don't you like that most time?
Oh, yeah.
Scared me.
I'm scared.
When I'm not specific threats to run Joe.
Yeah, I think there are hopes that could give me a stroke.
I think that I just will ignore it.
Yeah, and live my life.
Enjoy the ride in my life.
I can't advise.
Terrorist.
Oh, making it whole.
Club 43 at 560 WDQMC.
I would appreciate it much more if it would just be honest and say,
you know, like when his lunch took place a couple days ago and said to the normal kid,
well, we really would like for Neil to go away.
Is there some way we can make that happen?
We'd like to put some dumb sports you on here in midday.
Wouldn't that be more honest approach to do a business?
Oh, yeah.
The big and honesty is not, you know, that's not part and parcel of what this is all about.
In fact, here's one.
You'll love this from the fake Tom Jicca.
It says, just heard from Steve Lapa.
He would love to hear from Norm if you were serious.
He is hearing allowsons available as well.
He'd love to hear from Norma.
If Norma calls Steve Lapa again, I'm going to go pee on his pot.
Like Herbert, he used to say two chickens in every pot, two cars in every pot,
and two chickens in every garage.
I wonder if the chickens have the swine flu or the avion flu.
Yoshi Schmendrich says yesterday during the La Bastard show,
he really got frustrated with all the drafts talking all these silly guests that Sue Gonset booked.
I really think Dan is trying to make this show different.
It may be control the radio in South Florida like you have last 20 to 30 years.
Control the radio.
Have I controlled the radio for 20 or 30 years?
That's right.
You're the only one who lasted all these this time in this town.
And in fact, you're the truth.
I think Dan has enough talent to do that as well.
This is also coming from across the street.
Of course.
The only reason I'm saying this is because he's trying to get away from the 24-7 same crap,
different sports stock radio, aka Joe Rose, Big O, Mad Dog, Siddano, any of them.
They all say the same thing at different times today.
That's why I listen from Neil to Neil 10 to 2,
and then have an hour to kill before La Bastard 3.
Love you, Yoshi Schmendrich.
Here's Andrew.
Six are not Hindus or Muslim.
They're their own religion.
Right?
They are actually a blend or meld of what they think are the best aspects of Hinduism and Muhammadism.
The British had an alliance with them from 1805 to 1845,
just so the six could deal with the Northwest frontier that ended when
Ranjit Singh died in 1839,
and the kingdom of Lahore plunged into terror that makes eye-clodious looks like a romantic comedy.
How do you like that?
All right.
Terror.
Murder and bloodshed on the highway.
Lots of bloodshed, but all these different religions, all these different sects,
all these different peoples.
Got a bunch of stuff about religion and India.
Although before that, here's George Ann.
Well, here finally, Derek saw deadbolt.
All right.
He's right. It was made for TV movie. That's why nobody saw it.
Ah.
He says it would decently.
I mean, it was no, there will be blood, but it was okay.
He says there will be no blood, three hours of my life. I'll never get back.
Thanks, Derek.
There's somebody finally who thinks he saw it on TV, made for TV movie.
See if I would have known that.
I didn't know it, but I forgot it. If I would have said that, it would have nearly died.
People would have said, oh, I still didn't see it, but I watched my TV for it.
George Ann said, I was listening to Jimny of the day when he said something I've heard on your show
a hundred times before, I feel like a unit in a horror house.
Are you not allowed to say that anymore? Nobody has told me that.
No.
Why would we not be allowed to say that?
I don't know.
It's in here somewhere. I'll find it. I got it.
And I feel like a unit in a horror house.
Now, now why it says when he said it, it got dumped by Curtis.
Now, how does she know that? If I got dumped, how did she hear it?
Internet.
But how does she know it got dumped on the air?
She's listening on the internet and on the air over the air?
I don't know.
Maybe.
It says, damn, Joyce, is it going to get any worse? If so, come pick up my f-ing radio and stick it.
By the way, love your show, Neil.
What could possibly be wrong? I mean, maybe Curtis just overreacted.
Maybe.
Unit in a horror house?
Well, what part of that is dumpable?
I don't know. House.
In...
A?
Yeah.
How's it going, eh?
I just... I don't know.
Maybe you're just hallucinating, honey.
I mean, if she was listening online, she heard it.
I'm sorry. I just don't believe that there are people who are that obsessed who listen online
and over the radio at the same time.
George Ann, you're fine.
Email her and the yada yada.
But I don't know.
I'm a little bit confused.
Oh, look at that. Jim DeFeedis says,
would you rather have the Ranger still in the playoffs who die of swine flu?
That's bad. No, I don't want them to die from swine flu, just some of their fans.
Ranges...
Not one Ranger fan today is sent an email.
Not one of these big mouth ass clowns that we're talking in such a big game.
Ranges... Ranges when they had a 3-1 lead in the series against the Crapidels,
which they choked and gagged and puked and blew it and lost in seventh.
I think these Rikolar doing me pretty good.
Good. Better than those other damn Mendisinal ones I was sucking on yesterday.
That doesn't mean the last hour is going to go smoothly, you know?
Because that came along yesterday out of the blue, although it was nowhere near as bad as the day before.
See, I progressively I'm getting any better.
Oh, and Joe, by the way, in that meeting, even though I don't want to mention his name again,
he also inquired of Norma about my health, because I've been out missing a few days lately,
more than usual.
I'm so glad to... I think what he's hoping is that I have like some terminal illness.
Haven't told him about yet.
Yeah, Joe, I'm going to die someday.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Him and Paul match through a romantic slide this time.
A rock-worn junior play, Sassar.
Together for the first time.
To car and to set the end, drive me to drive.
The massacre and the last sister, play the day season, power bill for this season.
Let's see a man's sad world, too.
It'll take a play out of your business.
16-1-560 WQM, my close personal friend over there in Kitchener Waterloo, Adam Oshmuk, sends me this thanks Adam.
Four cases of swine flu in the Toronto area.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Swine Hounds.
Ontario now has four cases of swine flu, three in Durham region and one in York region, how the officials confirmed today.
All four recently traveled to Mexico, good guess.
And they've had mild cases and since recovered.
All four are young people in their 20s.
I wonder what they look like.
One is male, three are female, said a ministry of health official.
I wonder what the guy looks like.
Dr. David Williams, Ontario's acting medical officer of health announced the cases during a press conference downtown at the Morris Center.
Is that where they make the candy bars?
Maybe.
I don't like Morris bars.
What's the ones that have almond joys when they're coconut?
I think they're both.
What does have coconut?
One has almonds and the other one has an almond like toleman joy.
Yeah, as almonds because you know sometimes you feel like a nut.
Yeah, and sometimes you don't.
Right.
Almond joys got nuts.
Mounds don't.
All have mild illness.
The recovering in home do not need to be hospitalized.
They experience cost fever and respiratory ailments.
Since this is an Ontario, I'll say if the Canadian way respiratory.
Williams would not release specific information about where exactly the four traveled, who they traveled with or what they were doing in Mexico.
What were you idiots doing in Mexico, huh?
Besides drugs.
Although Williams did say someone traveled with the same group.
These are like other flu cases.
He said these are mild cases.
Said Williams who had to the four also did not need medication.
Personally, I know we're going to see a lot more cases.
He be saying.
The Ontario cases put nationwide in Canada 13, but another 20 cases are currently being tested.
The city of Toronto has a well developed plan in case the current swine flu outbreak turns into a pandemic pandemic.
Dr. David McCown, the city's medical officer of health says.
Part of the plan includes a stock planning of two antiviral medications.
Tamiflu and Rolenza can protect its own frontline healthcare providers.
The city's stockpiles intended for preventive use to give people to prevent them from getting the flu, or count said.
We want our frontline healthcare providers to be on the job.
Studies have shown that if taken within the first 48 hours that are coming down with symptoms.
Tamiflu can shorten the length of the illness.
Rolenza helps prevent the body cells from becoming infected.
The swine flu is sensitive to both drugs, McCown said.
But it'll be pretty good.
And it goes on and on.
There have been two cases of the swine flu in Alberta.
Four in Nova Scotia.
All the mild cases didn't require hospitalization.
And British Columbia's got three.
Infectious disease experts have been predicting for days, swine flu would emerge in the province roughly 60,000 Ontarians return from Mexico every month.
What are they doing down there?
Where?
Getting drunk and laid.
And that's a good thing.
In Mexico.
You can do that anywhere, you know?
Yeah, that's right.
Why risk your life to do those things?
George will show you all the sponsor.
I got a spot right here.
Yeah, I think it's love pressing.
It's a soft spot.
I don't got no spot.
I got a ball spot, though.
Yeah, a ball spot.
Maybe I'm going to paint my ball spot.
Pink.
Pink.
Purple.
I like the Led Zeppelin Jewish thing you just played.
What was Jewish about Zimfar?
I don't know.
Maybe they think that's a Jewish name.
The Led Zeppelin Jewish thing you just played.
Look at him, glad you liked it.
Oh, chef Sparky, this is going to be crap.
Neil, curious what your reaction was
or is to George putting Ferell on the air last week?
Seems like George wants the last, the fast train out of town.
By the way, it doesn't Jeremy Marx-Pelth work for Mad Dog.
I have no idea.
I don't know who he is.
Nor do I care.
You put Ferell on here?
On a speakerphone on my cell phone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Doing what?
We were talking.
He was at a ballgame.
And you called him or he called you?
He texted me, but I couldn't talk to him because I was on the air.
So I called him back on the air.
And said, how you doing?
And he said,
ah!
Or you want to know what it was about?
Yeah.
He was thanking me for being nice to a couple of friends of his
who came to town that didn't know anybody.
And so me, myself and some friends,
you know, played hosty.
Me, myself and I.
And some friends played hosty to them.
Anybody understand what this man's talking about?
You know when people come from out of town,
they don't know anybody they're going to go or who to see anything like that.
I and friends and mutual friends took them under our wings
and made sure that they had a good time.
Oh, good.
You're a party guy.
That's right.
You can take him to the roller rink?
Yeah, sure.
That's what we did.
No, you did not.
Boy, look at the dearth of email on there all of a sudden.
We were starting to get some really good fake information there
about Jeremy Schmerk-Pelth,
Mark Van Pelt,
Brad Van Pelt.
I think Brad Van Pelt died
from Michigan State.
Remember Brad Van Pelt?
No.
You don't?
You better start learning your football, Mr.
if you're going to stay on the station very long.
That's what Joe is going to do.
He's going to bring in his office and give you a sports quiz.
Okay.
And if you get one question wrong,
bye-bye.
You see the fact that he came in there that one morning
and said to you like Mr. Jokester,
you're still here?
Yeah.
Think about that now in retrospect,
in light of what you know now.
Mm-hmm.
In light of the devious plans that he has in the store for you.
So how do you think it's going to go down?
I don't know.
Murder?
And now who do you think they're going to kill first?
You or me?
I think they'd like to do two for one.
Maybe they'll do it like Michael did in the Godfather.
Take care of all family business on the same day.
Baron Fitz says sickism is a separate religion that's more related to Hinduism.
It has nothing to do with Islam.
The reason they were at turbines is they never cut their hair.
They never cut their hair.
Oh, the roaches must love that.
They never cut their hair.
Do you believe that?
Yes.
Captain Singh told me all about it.
And so when they take the turbine off,
they hair must like go down to their ankles.
Very long.
So how the hell do they, what do they do?
How do they get it all back up there underneath the turbine?
I guess they have a system.
Because when they take a shower on those rare monthly days when they take a shower,
they must obviously have to take the turbine off.
They probably put it in a bun.
And then a bun and then wrap the turbine around it.
And then have it for long hair and have it in a bun.
Wow.
The things that people go through,
it's just astonishing to me.
Religions in India,
Oishmoj you sent this to me.
Thanks, Oishmoj.
India known as the land of spirituality and philosophy,
meaning Hocus Pocus.
I told you that a lot of the Punjabi,
the very superstitious,
and they put their hands over the machine.
Oh, that just sends me an orbit when I see more than mostly women doing that.
Rubbing their hands over the glass.
Oh, stop smearing the glass, bitch.
India was the birthplace of some religions which even exist in the world today.
The most down at religion in India today is Hinduism.
About 80% of Indians are Hindus.
Hinduism is a colorful religion with the vast gallery of gods and goddesses.
Even...
Hinduism is one of the ancient religions of the world.
It's supposed to have developed about 5,000 years ago,
later on in ancient period and other religions developed in India.
Around 500 BC to other religions developed in India,
namely Buddhism and Jai and ISM.
Giantism?
Giantism?
Giantism.
Giantism.
Yeah.
For all you John Holmes fans, there's a religion.
Giantism.
He still did.
It's huge.
What was that sound?
KJ.
KJ is there?
Yeah.
Was he just giggling?
Yes.
Oh.
What's he doing there?
He brought a bit.
Is it good?
A bit of honey.
I don't know.
Haven't heard it yet.
What is it about?
It's about swine flu.
Is it about swine flu?
What he said.
Today, about 5% of a percent,
half a 1% of Indians are giants.
I don't know what that is.
And about 7% of a percent are Buddhist.
Well, that's surprising.
I thought a lot more, I guess most of the Buddhists are in China, huh?
They're all over the place.
In ancient times, Jai and ISM,
and especially Buddhism, were very popular in India.
Indians who accepted Buddhist philosophy,
something, if not only in the,
within the Indian subcontinent,
but also the Kingdoms East and South of India.
I can't read the word.
It's chopped off.
We'll have to discuss that someday about the chopped off words.
Yeah.
These three ancient religions,
Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jai and ISM,
are seen as the molars of the Indian philosophy.
And of course, the Indian philosophy is,
let's kill the Paikes.
In modern period, new religions are also established in India.
And of course, that philosophy isn't such a bad idea in some cases.
The Paikes.
One comparatively new religion in India's Sikhism,
established in the 15th century,
about 2% of Indians are Sikh.
About 10% of Mexicans are Sikh.
There were other attempts to create new religions in India,
but they're not always Sikhs.
For example, a Mogul Emperor, Akbar,
who reigned between 1556 and 1616,
tried to establish a new religion,
Dinni Elahi, but then survived.
There are other religions, religious philosophers,
who believe, who believe or see themselves as a separate religion,
don't always get their recognition.
For example, Lingayat of South India,
see themselves as a different religion,
while others see them as a sect of Hinduism.
All the bubble miceys, all the time,
as what they're trying to say.
Also, there are some tribal communities,
who demand to be recognized as separate religion from Hinduism.
In the 19th century, some Hindu reformers
tried to remodel Hinduism as to adjust it to the modern period.
Along with religions that develop Ninja,
there are followers of non-Indian religions.
The largest non-Indian religion is Islam,
who are about 12% of India's population.
Christians are more than 2% of India's population.
They're also Zerol Astrians,
who even though they make less than one-
10th, one-hundredth of India's population,
are known around India.
They're also a few thousand Jews in India.
Judaism and Christianity might have arrived in India
before they arrived in Europe.
They're a few thousand Jews in India.
There you go.
What?
What's that? How's it going, eh?
How do they keep kosher?
Very careful.
I guess they hang out with the Muslims who keep Halal.
Right.
Halal and kosher, my ass.
I'll go get the Rebbe.
Are we getting some more insight on the,
well, what is this about that he's talking about?
Oh, the nudie Troy.
Who cares about that?
Give us something more about the swine flu.
Oh, me, you.
We've been out.
Hey, it's Scott Barrell.
And when I'm up in Belkettika,
slapping old women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers
hearing balance one to two hours.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, Farrell.
What?
Find a way, Summer.
I've been giving it some food.
I'm going to see the, oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better
going six to ten and not in five
a gentile in the cranky jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your Rebbe.
Stand down to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm not being my future
from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been waiting by everybody but you.
You're not my choice.
Me and all this crap would blow
the way that if we had a fight
that you'd survive would want to hear a gentile.
And for she died that's crappy together.
I'm sure what you would mean for me is my future.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I'm busy printing something up.
And I just reread something that the Social Security people sent me
when I applied back a couple months ago.
And the good news is you don't even have to like,
remember all people just be waiting in the mail
for their Social Security check to arrive?
Yes.
That was before we had the internet.
Right. Now they deposited directly to your checking account.
Right.
What do you mean right? What do you know about it?
I know some old people.
Do you? Let's sell Florida here.
And they give direct deposit into their checking account?
Yes.
And the best part of it is that it's retroactive back to August of last year I think.
All right.
So I'm going to get a nice fat and it starts tomorrow.
Oh.
Won't that be great?
Here's my good close personal friend Joe Bell says,
I have the solutions for your email problem.
Shut off the computer.
Disconnect the power cable from the back.
Wet your index figure and stick it in where the power cable was done.
Okay. Right after the show, I'll give it a try, Joe.
You stick your finger in your...
Right, Joe.
And I'll stick my finger in the socket.
It's a deal.
We can do it simultaneously.
How's it sound, George?
Sounds great.
Crunchy.
Cliff and Kendall says, well, it's got the pictures.
Barnes and Noble acknowledge that the offensive display did in fact...
And so, bomber with the monkey and crowgables.
In fact, it appeared in the window of its crowgables Florida location
and a public apology has been issued.
Oh, swine flu.
The USDA says, please call it H1N1, not swine flu.
Is there a hawk in the Chinook about swine flu on?
They are also restricted until they are completely tested
and we understand whether or not there's been any transmission.
They are restricted in a very real sort of way.
Not going to public places, not going to formations,
not going to the missile, those kinds of...
Greencore common-down general James Conway sounds like a real butch guy to me.
Not our first marine has truly contracted this.
It's old and craggy, but...
Now, the acting ahead of the CDC says that swine flu figures are probably dated
by the time that he announces them and that's how fast things are changing.
With that in mind, here's the latest breakdown on the outbreak in America.
91 confirmed cases in Florida.
More than half the known cases are in New York, Texas, and California are
at distance second and third.
Then the Indiana case was a student at Notre Dame who got sick last week
and has already recovered.
Illinois has no confirmed cases yet, but a sick child in Chicago is being tested
and a school reportedly is closed there.
A worldwide Germany, Austria, Costa Rica are the latest to confirm swine flu illnesses.
Not counting Mexico.
The total comes to 135.
In Mexico, the suspected cases top 2500, but confirmations are slow in coming.
No country outside Mexico or the U.S. has reported a swine flu death.
So what now?
Our vaccine?
Oh, and there it is, freezing up again on the cable.
The best?
Students calling the guide words.
Okay.
What now?
Let's all commit suicide.
You first.
The racist implications of inserting a book entitled Monkeys in a display devoted to
Barack Obama are clear and undeniable.
It's a display about all these Obama books, hopes and dreams, president Obama.
All the books are in Michelle, and the middle of it is a book about monkeys with a picture of monkey on the front.
Nice.
According to company statements, however, the incident does not reflect the attitudes of Barnes and Noble.
It's management or its employees.
It's believed that a customer surreptitiously replaced one of the books in this play with the offending title.
How do you like that?
Some malcontent right wing did oh had no doubt.
Probably what's his name that I blocked?
Dana?
Oh.
Barnes and Noble would certainly not do something like this.
I spoke to a person Mary Ellen Keating told the NAACP's, the Defenders Online website.
We put up a display to honor the president once we discovered this four days later was immediately removed.
Nice piff and kettle for sending me that information.
Picture of a, you know, I mean one thing about Bush smirking champ, you know, but then again he's a white guy.
Right.
A clansman, you know.
I mean a white guy.
568 votes on the floor will make 600 in some odd today.
That's not so bad.
All right.
We'll make a thousand, but then again, you know, that's back when we had the audience when fat Chris was on the show.
So when's the fleece starting any minute?
No, I don't know.
You seen him today?
Plea?
Yeah.
What he said here.
We talked about all kinds of stuff this morning.
Did you apologize?
No.
He said he had nothing to do with that.
Nothing to do with what?
What's going on?
The fact that they want to fire you and give you him your job?
Right.
He has nothing to do with it.
That's what he said.
The fake Adam Kirschner, it's got Adam's picture on here that was taken obviously from Facebook or some other place.
But it's the fake Adam Kirschner.
You're going to WFTL now?
Question mark?
No.
George Abisley seems like a fun chick.
What relationship has she to the family?
Is she Bruce's daughter?
Nice.
Nice.
Bruce's niece.
There you go, fake Adam.
Yeah, I'm going to WFTL for a visit.
I'm going to go have a hangout with Steve Lapa.
James Crystal Radio, that's Norma Kent Spence, right up his alley, Norma.
I'm sure it's not the only thing up his alley, but nevertheless what do I know?
Hey, Norma.
You're fairy.
American agriculture officials want to change the name for the virus that's broken out in Mexico and the US from the swine flu to something else.
The problem they say is that the name swine flu is the problem with pork products.
I had two broadwursts a couple nights ago like I told you and I didn't get nothing except full.
Boy, where can you really get good broadwurst besides Germany?
The stuff that passes for broadwurst here and in the US, it's caca.
Like even I was Johnsonville brats.
Yeah, you ever have those?
Nope.
You put on the grill and you get the thrill, but they're just, I don't know.
They're not the spicy brats like you get in Germany.
And in Berlin, like on almost every street corner, there's a vendor out there selling brats and curry worse than stuff.
Brats, not to like.
I'm agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack points out that the virus is not foodborne has nothing to do with consuming pork products.
He said he wants Americans and citizens of other countries to know that no American pigs have tested positive for swine flu.
It's perfectly safe to eat pork from the USA.
Unless you're an orthodox Jew or a Muslim, then you'll surely burn in hell.
You'll get a fate much worse than swine flu or H1N1.
I'll tell you that.
Speaking Tuesday, the Daily News Briefing on the government's response to the outbreak,
Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano repeatedly referred to the strain of influences H1N1.
The technical name for the virus rather than swine flu as self-efficials have previously called it.
Vilsack, speaking of the same news conference, said he's concerned that misunderstandings could have a negative impact on farmers who provide pork products to consumers around the world.
He said the American are hogging this re-assound and that consumers everywhere should know that US pork products are safe.
Have some pork chops for dinner.
Put your family on a plane and go down to Disney World and enjoy your life.
Remember when Bush was peddling that for his brother?
Yes. For his fat ass governor brother.
Vilsack said if US trade partners begin to shun American pork, it could do further harm to a country already struggling with the recession with struggling.
Remember the struggling lady?
Yes, struggling.
He said the USD is working with farm families to make sure they continue to raise healthy pork, they can sell here and around the world.
There's nothing in the world better than a healthy pig.
That's what Oprah tells you.
She's not a pig, she's a cow.
I see.
She is.
And the women of America said glue to their TV sets man, they're mesmerized, they hang on every word.
If Oprah reads a book, they read it, they go out and they buy 10 copies of it just to make sure.
Even if it's the first time it's stolen.
What?
Even if it's a big fake book.
Right.
Especially if it's a big fake book.
Like if it's by her counterpart, Dr. Pill with a pill with a pill.
Dr. Pill.
The W.H.O. says only seven deaths are linked to swine flu, not 152.
It's okay to put down that bacterial soap it says.
The W.H.O. says the World Health Organization, I don't understand.
Did I ask you that before the show this morning we were listening to the audio from CNN.
Yeah.
And she said seven deaths and I said I thought it was 150 to a Mexico.
And that was something really stinks here man.
Oh, and I got some some actual emails here from real people.
Well, maybe not real people.
Baron Fitzs is I have a great investment opportunity for Joe Bell for only 10 grand
he can get under my barber shop chain opening soon in the Punjab region of India.
Please forward my email address to Joe if he's interested in say rock solid proposition.
I wouldn't wish him on India.
They already got the package to deal with.
Unbelievable.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
Turn a place we know.
And aim a mad a fellow whose first name begins with.
There's one thing we all under.
Alcata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
All right.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them.
You know you need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
Alcata needs a nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussy foot and blow up Pakistan.
I think that's got a good message behind it.
Get them packings before they get us.
Before Alcata and the Taliban take over the dam government and start firing off all the nukes.
They're really pukes that Pakistan's got nukes.
Adam Oceanmuck is back.
He says not only the six cut never cut their hair.
They also carry a small traditional dagger.
Last year there was a big simmiss over a kid of Montreal who was banned from wearing his dagger at school.
I'm pretty sure he ended up stabbing some guy or got shanked himself.
Why?
You find that amusing?
Yeah.
Are you going to play that KJ bet?
You want me to?
Sure.
Now?
Hopefully it's like 40 minutes long.
One 12.
No not bad.
No sure.
You will play four or five times.
It's really good.
10 or 12.
There's a deadly virus that is making news.
If it finds its way inside of you.
Your screw.
Now what you're gonna do.
Swine blue.
Couldn't I'm killing you?
Don't share drinking glasses and don't share your food.
And if someone happens this means it to you.
If you're not dead.
Then you might get into it.
Swine blue.
Is it inside of you?
Swine blue.
Could be the end of you.
Wow.
Not too bad.
It's alright.
Is he still there KJ?
No.
You got him out of there?
I mean he's gone?
Yeah.
Did you say hi for me?
No.
Or why not?
Because?
I didn't think too.
Because I'm a bastard from a basket.
Your day is coming man.
That's what they tell me.
That's right.
Liz says, please don't knock Oprah's book club.
She's motivated millions of American heifers to read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mother effing book.
She's exposed legions of otherwise ignorant cow sitting bow vines
into a world of books and literature.
Both lines.
I only with some blind,
some blindly worshiped jock or right wing punitive could do the same for our male counterparts.
That's my two cents.
Love you.
Kisses to George Liz.
Yes.
Well, yes.
He's getting people to read books.
Problem is there are bunch of lemons.
They're sheep.
Well, Oprah said that my mother used to do the same thing.
Oprah said this.
No, Oprah said that.
And I said, I don't see the board in cow said that.
That whole business about you know what they say.
Yeah.
Who's they?
Then those people over there.
All her life she kept saying that mom.
You know the one great thing about her death.
What's that?
She doesn't have to worry about constipation.
Ever again.
Right.
I've been taking likes in the sense.
I was a little girl.
And still you have that attitude.
Yeah.
It's what she said.
Ross DePaul is back.
How about some new pictures on the website, Monty said, sir, I haven't mailed for a while.
That in Jamaica for a few weeks.
Did listen to the show on the internet, you dig you dig.
Maybe some pictures of you two working together in the control must be cool.
But we don't work together in a control room or in any other room.
Split action screenshots, something like this one.
Who cares about this wine flume, man?
Talk about a diversion.
Something's going on in the world right under our noses.
Keep your eyes open, let's all stick together.
Neil God.
Smoke one, relax your mind, says, Ross DePaul.
There's obviously smoke many, too many.
Way too many.
You know what I mean?
Nancy Reagan said pot kills.
Mm-hmm.
You could play that, too.
Haven't played that long.
A lot of fun.
Judy Garland, pot kills.
Judy Garland's Lenny Bruce Elvis Presley.
They all died while sitting on the toilet.
Remember, pot kills.
Stay off the pot.
Oh, Phil Ladsman sent me a thing.
Aren't you excited?
Okay.
Our good close personal buddy Phil Ladsman.
If you can check out an editorial cartoon in New York post today, the picking Obama being
given the thumbs up by Karl Marx was linen and Mao looking on in the background.
Murdoch is added again, but still pretty funny.
Just got back from Vancouver, what a wonderful place best to you, George Phil.
It is a wonderful place.
In fact, I would highly recommend of all the places in North America that I've been.
If you've never been to Vancouver, that would be right up at the top of your list.
Okay.
I mean, you know, obviously in New York, but you've been to New York.
No, I want to go to Vancouver very much badly.
Beautiful place.
Nice people.
Yep.
Too many Chinese, but that's two here too.
All over the world, there's too many Chinese.
Even in China.
I'm trying to think of it at the casino there, the river rock casino.
Just outside of the city, which I went to several times.
It's a neat little place.
It's not bad.
I'm trying to think if it was infested with a whole bunch of Chinese monolike woodbinders.
Oh, woodbinders.
So ethnic man.
Oh my God.
Are there any like white Canadian or American people in there besides me?
Any, a couple?
No.
A few.
Very ethnic.
Not that I'm prejudiced you understand.
Right.
I just don't like people with smell bad.
And I don't like people who are playing one penny on the two cent quick hit tying up the machine.
One credit for hours just sitting there punching the button, punching the button.
One two cent, two cent, two cent.
The guy with the black glove.
And then the guy who pees all over himself, that old guy.
They're like a team.
A grandpa, grandson, F team.
Really?
F and up the whole deal.
Well, yeah, there's only like a ten of those two cent machines, man.
Ten or twelve.
And when they come there together, they tie up two machines for like hours.
I think maybe I'll take a gun in there one of these days.
I shouldn't have said that.
That's bad.
That's bad.
A stun gun.
I'll taste her a couple of these people.
What do you say?
Okay.
Get off my machine, man.
An Aztec's up 43 whopping points.
How do you like that?
A good day in the market.
And that's because it's Obama's hundredth of the day in office.
No break in the outbreak.
150 plus confirmed cases worldwide.
Well, what's the big deal with that?
150 plus cases confirmed worldwide.
That's an addition to Mexico.
And 51 in New York, but almost all of them are in that one Catholic school.
That group of kids that went to Cancun for spring break.
That'll learn them.
Yeah, that'll teach them to go to Mexico.
A bunch of goofballs.
They're more than told you about.
They're more than told you about.
Now an important question facing every American is our food safe.
Oh.
You'll recall the rash of recent food recalls some linked to Salmonella poisoning.
Now swine flu.
Some Mexicans blame an American owned pig farm for the outbreak.
Here's our chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta discovered.
You go, son.
Question we stumbled onto a controversy here.
The citizens of La Gloria really believe that the pig farms in the nearby areas
got so many of their citizens sick.
So we decided to pay those pig farms a visit.
The industrial pig farm is huge.
An owned by American company, Smithfield Foods.
People in town say they believe this is the source of the outbreak.
We finally made our way to the hog farm, the Mexican Department of the...
Oh, it's freezing up again.
Damn, the test of comeback, man.
They simply won't let us through security.
They simply won't show us the pigs.
An in-assetment Smithfield Foods says that the company, quote,
has no reason to believe that the virus...
See, they're poshking with it.
It's a plot.
It's a comic-peo-co plot.
Oh, god.
You're the flavor.
Yeah!
We're the flavor.
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, Z-Mite.
See how you do songs with hooks and concepts, right?
But for you, that man, I'm trying to go black them.
Some of the process.
Check this out, y'all.
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
4-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1,
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1,
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1,
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
John Kerry, Nostradamus, Ray's Catholic, Wesley Clark, Max Jacob, Frieda Kahlo, Diego Rivera,
influential Mexican painter, and Gardo Mortara, Susan Jacobi, Jacobi, Jacobi Hussi,
Dodo, author, Gustav Moller, Jean-Marie Listiger, Cardinal Archbishop of Paris, Ethnic
Jew, born to a Polish Jewish family, living in France, Ray's Catholic, Edith Stein,
Ural Akosta, Theodore Adorno, Simon Vile, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Austrian philosopher,
Lindsay Voilo, Bernard Nathanson, never heard of most of these people, did you?
Gostern is Israel Zoli, chief rabbi of Rome, converted to Catholicism, some rabbi.
Jim Krochi, raised in a devout Catholic family, converted to Judaism when he married
Ingrid Jacobson, Amanda Burns, and Mira, Irish Catholic, converted Judaism when she married
a Ben Stiller, and Mira, and were how I told you how irritating she is?
Yes, she still is.
Arlo Guthrie, Dick Morris, former advisor to Bill Clinton, and a real turncoat, Don Adams,
Maxwell Smart, Dutch Schultz, Prohibition Era, Mops to real name Arthur Fliegenheimer,
Jewish, but converted Catholicism, good.
Franz Schrikker, Harry Connick, Jr., Heidel Amar, Herman Brock, German Avalist, Hugo von
Hoffmann Stahl, Jacques Offenbach, French composer, Jerry Orbach, actor, law and order,
Jewish father, Johann Strauss, Julianna Margulis, Kevin Klein, Mary Ann Faithful, Mary Ann Faithful,
British singer and actress Jewish convert to Catholicism, at her school's request, is Mary Ann Faithful?
Not anymore she ain't.
No, she's probably old and craggy now.
Michael Bennett, Michael Landon, Jewish father, Catholic mother, baptized Catholic.
Well, she was baptized Catholic. What was the big stimulus they were always making about about?
Oh, Michael Landon, Jewish. Sure, he's Jew.
Paul O'Kastanzo, Phoebe Kates, oh, the bird would have been so impressed, real name Phoebe Kats.
Pierre Salinger, Wolfgang Pauli, oh Pauli won't see him no more.
Robert De Niro, Lats Catholic father, atheist, predatory and raised mother,
possible Jewish ancestry, possible. And Christopher Columbus, possibly part Jewish,
they didn't say which part. You wrote that whole story once upon a time.
About Christopher Columbus? Yes, was Jewish.
Right. I did? Yeah, a long time ago.
Oh, you sure got a good memory.
So this is again, it's not as interesting as the other stuff that was on there before,
but it is mildly interesting. You kill some great time. Thanks, Paul.
Oh, Neil. You're listening to Neil Roger.
Neil.
Coming next year, the King of Thought, for the true your hometown,
touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys.
It's Michael Jackson.
The King of Appalachian, the Lady of the Picky.
I've got a very happy sight.
Michael Jackson, the Minimum, and Chowah.
Because I find them anytime. Let's go, Natalie.
He's back all right.
Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits,
from oldies with the Jackson Five.
They're learning the ABCs.
I'm getting down on my knees.
We're moving the jungle.
Hey, ABC, sat on me, baby, you and me.
That's right. From the timeless tunes of the Jackson Five,
to the classic silverwork, Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please.
The people up around my store, we thought you'd been nile.
Some foamy babies, brothers, I'm a better file.
And there's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while and beat it, beat it, beat it.
I actually come across.
I hate beat it, beat it, beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm food-a-pressant.
I just sit around so can waiting for a call from a calling call again.
When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone, I beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes
to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit to show them.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
See that?
You're real skin color.
Hey, it's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And if you fly, you know it's time to free Willie.
Say, say, say what you want.
But you know who I give affection.
But we don't know how to read.
But then don't boys give me erection.
And here's the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show,
and of the world.
With the Vienna voice choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like male children.
They are the ones that turn me on and hate.
I hope they're willing.
It's a choice of making.
I find true out their lives.
But it's true they make the greatest name.
When they just fly.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's jeans.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course smooth criminal.
Jackson's Michael Jackson's tour
to benefit the cargo fancy school for wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 if it is free when a copy by no one.
They're black, they're white.
They're really really tight.
Yeah, they're black, they're white.
They're really really tight.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK, so what is it?
147.
Holy cow, it's almost time to get out of here.
All right.
They're not having had a coughing or a choking
or a gagging episode all day.
Don't give yourself a canary now.
He looked like he swallowed a canary.
That's another expression.
Right.
Did you hear that one?
Sure.
Like a cat that swallowed a canary or something like that?
Well, somebody who knows something but ain't saying.
They look like a cat who swallowed a canary like a whatever.
Abdul says, I really don't appreciate all the rag comments.
And I smell just fine.
Thank you.
I will pay a visit to your city.
And you can smell my underpants if you wish.
A la is great.
Abdul.
Subject the aroma of a la.
No.
Cute.
I'll pass it on at sweetie.
I can smell his underpants, loony.
No thanks.
George says this is George with a G.
A regular chronic.
How will WQM resolve the George Fleet controversy?
One, Joe Bell will have fleas of regular guests in the show.
Flea will continue to his work via Blackberry in the background.
And will contribute to the show as needed.
I would like that.
He says, two, Joe Bell will fire George
and I will change stations immediately if not sooner.
Your friend George with a G.
Well, thanks George.
Jim DeFeed has said, now that this is the kind of crap
that just drives all of us up the wall.
The whole staff of this show, you and me.
The fake Jim DeFeed says, just on the odd chance,
you know someone who remembers Max Moore, former TV anchored
W.I.O.D. decades ago, WCKT TV.
Any info?
Thanks.
Max Moore.
Never heard of Max Moore, did you?
And neither did anybody else.
And even if somebody did, who cares?
Is that of any interest to anybody?
No.
Except Jim DeFeed.
Do I have a few lunches, Jim?
Get out of our face.
As the raghead say, get out of my hair.
That's another one.
You're in my hair.
Maybe that's not exactly the way it goes.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Nashville, Tennessee, the Hermitage hotel
has afternoon tea in the Grand Lobby.
Downfield DuVais, I don't know how I'm saying that wrong.
Fancy word for comfortors?
DuVTS?
Sure.
You know how you say that?
No.
A presidential suite with 2000 square feet
a really nice toilet.
So nice, in fact, it's been voted America's best restroom.
Flush in the middle of downtown Nashville, so to speak.
The luxury hotel and 2-round 4-man's bathroom are definitely
the heads so to speak of the class.
The redoubtable restroom is Art Deco-style with gleaming lime green and black
litiglass tiles, lime green fixtures,
tarazo floor and two-seat shoe shine station,
a two-seater, a twin-hole.
You just can't find anything like it anywhere else as Jan
accrues direct your sales and marketing at the hotel.
The restroom on the on-line voting sponsored by
Cincinnati-based CENTISC Corp, which supplies
restroom hygiene products and services.
The company says tens of thousands of people voted over two months
last summer.
Precise numbers are kept well private.
Criteria were hygiene style access to the public.
The high-falute non-ers are in the restroom on entry.
America's best restroom hall of fame, entry two.
People see it in fall in love with the Kurtz said.
It has four stools.
Yeah.
Three urinals, four sinks, spotless mirrors, and a sultan.
At what?
Sultan telephone that connects to the front desk.
And how do you put this delicately?
Women seem attracted to it.
Leeda Esquenance, a Bradley County Tennessee guide,
friends to the restroom for a discrete peak just about every time she visits an
Asheville.
One of them, Sonia Luki, jokingly summed up for visit this discerning observation.
For men, it's very stimulating.
The hotel built in 1910, renovated in 2003 has 122
guestrooms and suites.
The restroom, down the hall from the hotel bar in
restaurant tastes back to 1939.
Did they leave the light on for you?
Not necessarily, but the famous restroom is clean every hour.
How do you like that?
I bet it smells like lilacs.
In her six years at hotel, Kurtz has never used the men's restroom,
but just wait.
I hope they have a lady's night sometimes, she said.
How do you like that?
All right.
When you can really, unlike that other restroom that we started the show with,
that had the pools of urine and feces on the floor, remember?
Yeah, like cars.
Yeah.
Oh, I know just the guy to go there and clean it up.
God, how stupid of me.
I had such a golden, a grand opening there, so to speak.
A big opening and I just passed right on it.
Here's somebody with a 305 phone number of an old name.
The three men I admire least.
A rabbi, a minister and a Catholic priest,
rabbi spelled R-A-H-B-I.
R-A-H-B-I.
Rabbi.
Hey, Rebi.
And I couldn't let this go.
Here's a picture of that Florida license plate.
It says sample, S-A-M, by the right arm and PLE, by the left arm.
Here's Jesus up on the cross with a schmatter around his head.
And this is the license plate they want to put out.
Says Jesus Christ the Rooney, do we really need this license plate?
And much more considering the economy and the state budget that's in the crapper,
should tax dollars be going to pay for a crucified Jesus license plate?
Ask your governor.
Gay.
Hey Charlie.
You fairy.
Jesus Christ my ass.
Oh, Liam.
It's day.
Oh.
Miami Town.
At five six o'clock.
WQ-A-A-M.
We had quiet revolution for my life in the past.
You have to get off your bat ass for that.
You mean the food.
But now please, Miss Laura, constant.
You shall let me use you to the food.
But you and Jesus are said the right bad.
Now that we got rid of the neocon ground churches,
the Democrats better sit down and get you up.
And I was going to be.
Oh, bad.
Oh, bad.
I'm not going to be.
Oh, bad.
I've been to the station's daughters, you get pretty public as blue.
And they made us headin' around the world.
You get you up.
You get you up.
You get you up.
They gave us whole new royals,
who lived like a picture of you.
A killed audience living with that.
Now get up, all those are random Irish history.
And you got it with beach to make the job complete.
And the best thing's going to be.
Oh, bad.
Oh, bad.
You're right.
Oh, I love this.
Oh, bad.
Oh, bad.
Oh, bad.
Oh, bad.
Bye, bye, bye.
