The music expressed on the previous program is in 155 yet or what? Oh I will. Oh come on now. Don't be.
This is broadcast group. It's staff. Georgia is taking a pay cut.
The world is sports.
You know, she's the best.
You have my money.
We talk about the shaft.
They really hate you like poison.
They hate me?
Yeah. Everybody took one.
Even the bomb.
Yeah right.
560 W.
You got a cello, it's golden, it's golden, it's golden.
Fix your cell.
It's a truck to nail.
Dial 56670, 566.
I would be surprised if the bees would be lined up with Venetians.
Call toll free, 87775, Neil.
Can you hear me?
I'm 560 on your 8th.
From the Billy Goat and the Vanger.
The opinions it's probably that the previous kid from the Vanger from the Germans is this.
Yeah, you know, the Vanger box.
He's now the Neil Watt on 560 W.
Q.A.M.
Neil Guy.
Morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Robert walks into a bar with his pet monkey.
You see where I'm going?
He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place.
The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them.
And he grabs some sliced limes and eats them.
And then he jumps onto the pool table.
grabs one of the billured balls, sticks in in his mouth and to everyone's amazement.
Somehow swallows it.
Whole.
The bartender screams it.
Robert, did you see what your monkey did?
Robert said, no, what?
Well, he just ate the cue ball off my pool table.
Whole.
Yeah, that doesn't surprise me, Robert.
Answered, he eats everything in sight.
Sorry, I'll pay for everything.
He finishes his drink, pays his bill, pays for the stuff the monkey ate and then leaves.
Two weeks later, Robert's in the bar again and his pet monkey is with him.
The order's a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again.
While Robert is finishing his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.
He grabs it and puts it in his bum, pulls it out and eats it.
The bartender is disgusted.
Did you see what your monkey did?
No, what?
Says Robert.
Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry and his butt pulled it out and ate it.
Said the bartender, yeah, that doesn't surprise me.
Said Robert, he still eats everything in sight.
But ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures everything first.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Wow.
Well, he sure stumbled and bumbled to get around to that.
Oh, well, I would have hoped it would have been something a little bit more.
Well, but it wasn't.
It wasn't.
1002 at 560 WDQM here we are again Thursday, February 5.
Oh boy.
And it is freezing everywhere.
Don't be belly-hacking about temperatures in the 30s.
Okay.
The way she'll hear is minus 28 Celsius.
Minus 20.
It's sunny though.
Looks really nice.
Looks like the middle of summertime.
Nice.
Hey, Zeus says morning, guys.
Who did just now waiting for your show?
Heard the last couple of seconds from a moron calling Joe Rose.
Can you guys please tell Joe that was effing Reverend Greasepole and probably with his boyfriend.
Take care.
So some of the chronics, I guess, since they aren't getting any chance to call it an initial,
now they're spreading their material around a little bit.
They always have.
Have they really?
They still haven't.
I was in the control room.
I told you the other day and then given him the cutoff sign, which Joe did actually pay attention to and hung up on him.
But they call the time.
They don't know.
Well, evidently, is it Greg is the board off on Joe show?
See, they have four.
They have four people on that show.
Right.
They have Joe Rose, Jesse Agri, doing the updates.
Uh, Zach, Cranx and Greg, whoever he is.
So there's four people on that show.
Right.
Well, that's, that's a ball of duty is what that is.
A big smelly ball of duty.
And Joe and Joe Bell comes up with that crap.
Why you guys always work with two people on the show?
I don't know what's different now.
Yeah, right.
When I was there, you idiot.
God, just.
So George is taking a pay cut.
You make it sound like I'm the only one.
No, you're not the only one.
The entire staff except me because I already took a much bigger pay cut.
Everyone in the company, not just the entire staff on this radio.
I think if they really want to do well, they should give everybody like me a 50% pay cut, including them.
Oh, yeah.
Well, why not?
It's good enough for me.
It's good enough for the gold goose.
It's good enough to take a gander.
I'll tell you that right now, Mr. Uh huh.
Mike says Neil get me out of this horse ball part of the state.
A cave crawl man was arrested Wednesday.
After he allegedly was found engaging in distasteful acts with at least one blow up doll in a car in a parking lot at a public.
According to Connie Barron public information officer for the cave crawl police department.
George Bartoussick Jr. 51 that holds junior thing.
I'm going to have a discussion about that someday, maybe today, juniors.
Is that guys who aren't creative enough to come up with a different name for their kids so they it's like junior?
I don't like you and ego.
Oh, yeah, you want to make a little clone.
Don't see any women juniors.
You don't see a mere shorts juniors.
Every every once in a while.
Never heard of it.
Yeah.
Anyway, George, Bartoussick Jr. 51 was arrested and charged with breach of peace.
Officers were called to the public on Santa Barbara Boulevard after someone complained about the man's behavior with a doll in the car.
Berens said Bartoussick was acting distasteful with the doll.
It's uncertain at this time if other charges will be added.
He was arrested.
He was engaging in distasteful acts.
I don't see what the acts were.
Are there taste for laks with a blow up doll?
I mean, as opposed to distasteful acts.
Sure.
You know, you can buy them dinner.
Nice and warm.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
You can't buy them dinner.
You can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
Oh, you can't buy them dinner.
I mean, we don't have the kind of like eight million votes
like they do across the street when we eat them.
When they take a pool.
Oh, my God, they blow out the server
and everybody goes nuts and blah, blah, blah, yeah.
Keep trying to talk to yourselves into it, guys.
You got a real giant audience over there.
Most of the day parts begin with a...
Oh, or a one.
Here is one about the cheesecake factory.
Designed to put me in a bad mood, I guess.
I'm in a pretty good mood.
I had a fine day at work by...
That's buying with a bean, out with a V.
Is it woodbine or woodbine?
What is wrong with these people?
What are we starting?
Neil, I had dinner at the cheesecake factory last night
after watching Doubt,
which is nominated for Oscar in virtually every major category.
The movie's a battle between an nasty old nun
and a suspected child molesting priest.
It's a good movie if you have content for the Catholic Church
because you leave feeling that both characters suck.
The dinner was its usual, not great, but very good.
I've never had a bad experience at cheesecake
I've eaten there maybe 10 times.
Now the Patriot who cut the 15 syllable fart in the men's room
was another story.
I thought the guy's ass was trying to spell
anti-disestablishmentarianism.
Cute.
Anyway, the average volume at T.C.F is $9.65 million per restaurant.
So they obviously have a strong following.
Can't understand why you hate the place
because I've eaten there several times, four or five times,
whatever, and each time has been a disaster.
It says it must have been the obnoxious south food or crowd.
No, that had nothing to do with it.
Right.
Quit trying to make excuses.
And it's signed rich, the child molesting restaurant
critic atheist in Orlando.
Cute.
Yeah, cute, maybe true.
Cheesecake Factory.
Yeah, the idea that because they make so much money,
that makes it good.
I'm sorry, I'm not interested in statistics.
I'm interested in good food.
I've been there twice and it was, the service was horrendous.
The food might have been good if I'd gotten it in my lifetime,
but it was holding hard by the time I did.
Oh.
Just awful stuff.
And the desserts, which is what they're famous for.
See, if you're another one of those snores out there
that likes everything, big portions, you know,
you don't care about quality.
Well, that's a perfect place for you.
It's a very good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, they're a good point.
They give you portions designed for a family.
Quantity is no excuse for quality.
No, but no quality.
And the desserts, the cheesecake I had there, I wouldn't feed to a...
Hmm?
I'm trying to think of a place that I know of.
Unsurebro.
That's a bad street.
Surebro, Surebro and in Wellesley.
Oh my God.
Lots of druggies out on the streets, man.
Buy some good crap, man.
But nevertheless.
Oh, we're back up.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, a happy day.
We're back up in streaming.
All right.
Woo.
Probably thanks to the fact.
Oh, Clem, Tyra.
Yes.
The streaming is down.
Oh, boy.
Only we only got about four or five, though.
That's, you know.
Hey, hey.
What?
Don't complain, now.
I'm not complaining.
The streaming is bad.
I don't have anybody saying the streaming is back up.
A whole bunch of these malcontents.
Oh, the stream is down.
Oh, boy.
What we going to do?
You guys suck oil.
Oh, yeah.
But now that it's back up,
I don't have anybody saying,
oh, we're here, you know.
Thank God.
Nothing.
Zero.
Well, I think there's a delay on this.
Plus a delay on, you know.
There's no delay on the internet stream, though.
Right?
I'm told that there is, but I'm yet to be convinced.
Really?
Really?
Well, how can there be a delay on the internet stream
when they get to your everything, including stuff that we don't know?
They're not supposed to.
Yes, they are.
We're not, no.
We're not supposed to know.
Yes.
We're not supposed to feed the internet until we're supposed to be feeding post delay to the internet.
Oh, my God.
How boring that is.
Not because of the language, but because of what?
Library of issues.
Oh, library of my ass.
Yeah, it is.
Boy.
Well, this isn't a very pleasant start to a great Thursday.
We got the big O2, mad dog 4 to 7.
We got a pristine lineup.
Oh, no, we don't.
We got Hurricane Hotline 7 to 9.
And then Dolphin to 9 to 10.
And the D.H.O.
10 to midnight with its, uh, chair.
Now, here's another one of these fake, fake emails that came in last night.
And I'm pretty sure I know who it's from.
These are facts in the church.
Remember that creep?
Oh, yeah.
Good evening, Neil.
This was 1013 last night.
I'm writing to you today because of something that was discussed on the year.
It had to do with the story about the priest who were covering so vigorously.
Why?
It's been known for quite some time.
There are flaws in the Catholic Church.
I know you read stories most of the time, political ones, and I'm okay with that.
But as a Catholic, I was repulsed as you read that story.
Not because of the content, because of how long you lingered on it.
I guess he didn't hear me read the story about the Orthodox rabbis.
Right.
For my recall, it took two segments and you were still reading it.
I haven't seen you do this ever.
Not even with a political story.
Do you ever take that long covering a story?
The sad thing is you seem to enjoy it.
Even if that priest did those horrible things, you sound glad.
You sound as if your views and hate for religion were finally vindicated.
Now, it's not finally.
This has been going.
This isn't something that just happened this weekend.
I listen to your show on rare occasion.
If I had known this would be your main topic of the show, I wouldn't have tuned in.
Is I lost all respect for you.
Yeah, it was the main topic of my show.
I talked about it for four hours.
I don't have anything more to add except to ask you why you take such joy in bashing religion.
Somebody's got to.
Somebody's got to talk some common sense.
When I see people like you on the street who disrespect those of us who believe I always pray for them.
So I'll keep you in my prayers.
Best regards.
Jason Aguilera, Corpus Christi Catholic Church rectumry, and with an address on Northwest 7th Avenue Miami.
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
Oh, how do you like that one?
Yeah.
Just remember one thing as you go through life.
There's no fact in the church.
Right. Right.
Well, nice try, Jason.
Yeah, I talked all day about those Catholic prehistory.
You could.
I spent a hell of a lot more time about the rabbi.
And then because we had the EBS test run on the year in the middle of the beginning of my read of the rabbi story.
All these people requesting that I read it again.
So you could talk all day about it and it wouldn't be enough and it wouldn't do any good.
Right.
Oh, nothing's ever going to change.
Right.
Oh, here you go.
New York City Davis squeezing himself that we're back on.
Well, there you go.
Streaming's back says Jeffrey in Orlando.
Just got the stream back.
I hear you're bashing those who may or do just wanted to say it's back and thanks.
No problem, Jeff.
The price is still right.
It's still worth every ounce of what you pay for it.
It's up.
We have no life.
Niels is a somebody.
There you go.
It's up in the stream too.
And I keep coming across this thing for my friend Ken in a Tobacco story about the Jonas Brothers saying that one is gay, one is diabetic and one is ugly.
Where does he get that business about Joe Jonas being?
Yeah.
Huh?
Oh, Adam Oshmack says, oh, the stream is back.
Go away, Adam.
Go play in the snow.
Larry Lawrence says it's ashamed that when the streaming is down, it doesn't prevent those complaints.
Those complainers from eating made an emailing you with their complaints and criticisms and mones and groans.
It seems only fair if they can't hear you.
You and the rest of us can't hear them.
Well, it's where it goes.
Just relax, Lawrence.
It's a radio show.
It's a radio show as we've discovered in the last few days.
Most of the emails as George has said are from the same few people.
The same chronic miserable, bitter, painful sound.
And also some people with a good sense of humor like that.
Does he say the guy?
What are you?
That's it.
Oh my God.
That's it, son.
The world wide web.
If you aren't online and working your own business, you're well off the pace.
But now there's an online company that's going to help you catch up.
Erupsy.com.
Erupsy.com is the new way to eliminate all the hard work that goes into building, maintaining, and advertising a high-tech website.
And takes you weight to its ultimate conclusion in one easy step.
I've always wanted to start my own e-business and erupsy.com.
Help me run through all my cash reserves and declare chapter 11 quickly.
Without the hassle of actually hiring or laying off anybody.
Erupsy.com's online professional can translate their knowledge into quick results for you every time.
Without erupsy.com, I could have spent 12 to 18 months of hard work trying to keep my e-business afloat.
But erupsy.com made it easy for me to go into and out of business in no time at all.
That's because erupsy.com can provide you with its proprietary software called No Chance.
Once you install it on your computer, you'll see how impossible it is to actually make money without doing porn.
Erupsy.com made it possible for me to go broke without giving up my day job.
Erupsy.com. When you want to start your own online business, we'll take the worry out of going broke.
1031 and 560 WQM, the streaming is back.
Well, back up.
And of course I got about a tenth as many emails about the stream is back up as, oh, the stream is down.
Erupsy.com.
Negative, real negative place.
It must be my fault because I'm so freaking negative.
That's it.
Here's one about you.
Oh.
No, it's not really about you.
I see.
Well, it's in the end.
Paul says, hey, Neil Mann, going back to the Jamaicans and gay issues we talked earlier in the week,
please don't generalize, Mann.
Most Jamaicans are very Christian.
And this is the reason for their close-minded view on homosexuality.
Oh, yeah, right.
They're very Christian.
Sure they are.
Jesus is Lord and all that crap, Mann.
But there are Jamaicans who are open-minded and realize people are autonomous and deserve the right to be as they be.
Well, I'm going to be as I be. How do you like that?
Good.
Please know that you have many Jamaican fans here in Florida. You are one silly cracker and we love it.
George, please pay our for the bag you bought from me last week.
Sign, Ross DePaul.
Our, our, our.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yeah.
Hardy hard.
Yeah, good Christians. That's why they're homophobic.
Well, I guess that figures don't get started with those Catholic priest again.
I get another email from that.
Yeah, I'm right.
A phony reverend.
So many phony reverends in so little time, you know, as opposed to those real ones.
I'm not sure which is worse.
They're all phonies liberal radio beg to go not to go conservative listener campaigns against change to right wing greedy bastards format.
A software radio station said to be dumping its left leaning progressive radio format in favor of sports.
It's apparently being begged by some not to make the change.
The Miami hero recently reported that even though the station isn't confirming it, W.I.N.Z 940 will become a Fox Sports Radio affiliate in March again.
I move that allow owner cheap channel or reduced costs.
W.I.N.Z. at present broadcast news and talk along with basketball coverage of the NBA's Miami Heat.
Oh, on its website, the station list its current programming is Don I miss Stephanie Miller, Randy Rhodes.
Tom Hartman, Mike Moloi, Lionel and Ero America.
Now, at least one list to identify some self as a former engineer for W.I.N.Z. circulating an email stating the station is going to switch from a progressive honest talk format
to right wing greedy bastards format.
He urges people to contact station manager Ken Charles to compel him not to allow the switch to compel him.
How do you like that?
Come on, that's only one thing can do that.
That's the power of Christ compels you.
Oh, the power of Christ compels you.
And then the power of Christ compels you.
Oh, yeah.
The power of Christ compels you.
Okay, more than enough.
The note closes with it couldn't hurt to not mention that you're not in Miami.
Ken Charles.
He's in the Dallas or somewhere here's to not a somewhere.
A spokesman for W.I.N.Z. corporate parent clear channel communications would not comment on the format issue the Miami station be told world net daily that clear channel has more progressive stations at any of the radio broadcaster in America.
Well, what we do.
Clear channel also runs another news in talk station in Miami W.I.O.D.A. and that state your features well known talkers on the right of the political spectrum, including Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck and Mark Levin, Levin, whatever's name is doesn't mention Jimmy Cifalitic.
Your small potatoes Jimmy W.N.D. didn't even mention your name.
You're just lumped in with all those other Nazi bastards.
How do you like that Jimmy Cifalitic and by the way, your play by play blows it blows.
Grandlox Cafe that's what I was thinking of.
Never been out one person emailed me then I had to look up to saw grass the directory.
Okay.
Well, because they were too busy emailing.
Oh, there's the stream is down.
Oh boy.
Neil, will Joyce give you and George your money back with interest when things get better.
George can sell Limes at a busy highly intersection to make up the difference until Joyce cost it up already in.
Sell Limes and grapes.
Oh, here's one about the email ex South Floridian in Metro Atlanta.
Loyalistner of Rick Sean Q.A. in the 50s tune into Magic 102.7 when visiting relatives and joy your show Max.
Back up.
Max is your backup. Well, thanks Max.
There's a guy in Atlanta who has the decency to say your backup and I'm listening and it's okay.
It's not bad. Not great.
Okay.
Not sensational, but it's not bad. It's not an over it's Shaw man.
It's no golden oldie days of Q.A.
And those are the days.
Let me get some of those jingles out the real jingles.
Yeah.
Like like this one.
Oh, this one.
George truly WQ AM.
560.
Music.
And that.
Oh, I thought they were same musically inept.
WQ AM.
Oh, yeah.
Golden Odees, baby.
That's the new format.
That's the rumor.
We're being replaced.
Ricky Tickies coming out of retirement.
They're going to dig up a new album.
Maybe Joy can come back.
Maybe Mr. Radio can send me some more phoning.
A Joey Reynolds emails today.
Wouldn't that be special?
Yeah.
Mr. Radio.
Oh, he and people of his ilk, which fortunately there aren't as many quite as obsessed as he is.
They are the bane of our existence.
They're the slime of the human race.
Groupies.
Oh, my God.
He ought to look with blind Mike, I think.
Mr. Radio, wouldn't that be great?
Match made and happened.
And they can match their knowledge of the old jingles.
Here is a poll suggestion.
How much time you spend surfing the internet during work?
Well, I don't like it.
Michael Phelps says, what's happening to the stream?
It keeps crapping out on me.
Is this happening to anybody else?
It's back, relax.
You're very slow and way behind the times.
Too much bad weed, Mike.
Too much bad weed.
Speaking of bad emails, here's one from Rob.
Who says, while listening to the Wednesday edition of the show,
you and George were talking about films, and you mentioned the Shawshank Redemption sucks.
What?
No, I never said the Shawshank Redemption sucks because I haven't seen it.
And I'm not going to see it.
And George didn't say that either.
Some, some email or somebody said that.
What?
The Shawshank Redemption is a great movie.
It's a beautiful film.
If the movie sucks so much, then why is it that 90-some percent of the people have seen it compared to a religious experience?
Now, you've seen it.
We do.
Compared to a religious experience?
Wow.
No.
What other movie do you know of who that can do this?
At the end of the movie, when you realize all that Andy has done,
how he's changed the prison is a moment of enlightenment.
It truly is beautiful.
A movie like this only comes around once every 30 years.
You had Neil doesn't see that.
Instead, you carry on and on about the Godfather.
I haven't seen the movie.
So how can I go on a negative or positive?
It would be like my giving the opinion on Bubba to Love Spongebob.
I never heard the guy.
So what do I know about his show?
In the Shawshank Redemption, the bad guys, the movie also happen to be homosexuals.
If you hate the movie because it portrays gay and a bad life, then I understand.
I never heard that before because I haven't seen it, Rob.
Or could you just simply hate the movie because it's about two men who are close but aren't nailing each other?
Yeah, that must be it.
I don't know.
I just find it amusing that your favorite movie is The Godfather.
A movie that shows the dark side of life as opposed to Shawshank
and movie that's celebrated the beauty of life.
And then he says, I have an idea for a poll of Neil's Taste, which you most disagree with.
Taste in movies, music, TV, radio, and men and women and everything.
Baa, baa, baa.
See, this is manufactured hostility.
Sure.
I mentioned the Shawshank Redemption sucks.
I have mentioned many times that I haven't seen it.
And that Jason Schwendrick, who used to work at the station way back in the beginning years ago,
he gave me a back in the days of videotape.
He gave me a copy of it, I'm tape.
And I'm sure I don't have it in the house anymore.
I didn't long gone.
I never watched it.
It's a prison movie.
Right?
I want to see prison.
I'll turn on the weekend MSNBC lock up.
All the prisoners you could ever, even jazz McKay, like I said the other day, is embarrassed.
So maybe it's a wonderful movie.
Maybe it's great.
Maybe I'll actually go out and buy it.
It's fine.
It's a good movie, but it's no religious experience.
That's not what Rob says.
Sorry.
He says it's a bright, on the bright side of life, as opposed to the Godfather, which is about the dark side of life.
And that's me dark.
I'm a darkie.
I like dark stuff, man.
Not Johnny Dark.
Oh, why are you picking on the bird?
Let him roast in peace.
Grow up, Johnny.
Okay, grow up and be a real man for once in your life.
Equip me in a nose-picking Yahoo-diddler.
God.
Why are we picking on the bird?
Hey, I guess he's the spokesman.
Oh, yeah.
For the bird.
Beware of exploding balls.
Get me a stick, get foreign aeroplane.
Got to get on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Bankrock.
What do you mean, bankrock?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Content to look at that day, jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still, like by your vowels.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Hey, man.
What do you mean there's no S and F?
Vanna, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream of both you.
Hey, Vanna.
Is that an all over tan or what?
Vanna, I don't understand.
Why you make a hundred grand not for me to say.
Anyway, get me a stick, get foreign aeroplane.
Got to be on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Go, Vanna.
Look at me.
Go, alright.
Hey, got out of my face, bank.
Is that an all over tan?
Is there an all over tan?
Is there no Riders?
Oh, Riders.
Look at the letter.
Vanna, pick me a letter.
Vanna, pick me a letter.
Vanna, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream of both you.
Alright, that is an all over tan.
Vanna, I don't mean to stare.
But are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Hey, Vanna.
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Get past it.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still like by your bowels.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Please, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Alright, I'm ready to pick, baby.
Hey, PCDF, PhD, take it.
I'm not being too hard to see.
VWX20.
That's your cover, man.
Alright, I'll take the sofa.
The blender.
The microwave.
The refrigerator.
Hey, man.
What do you mean $500 for us?
I can write five in portable TV.
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and I can get it for your home sale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV sale, man.
Alright?
Hey, let it come on, baby.
1048 is 560 WQM.
The reason I'm playing that is because of this email.
And I don't know why I actually went ahead and played the request.
Long time, long time, it says, using the boss's computer so it's sent by somebody else's name.
I think the show is just fine the way it is.
It helps four hours of my day fly by.
I'd like to hear a few more raspberry sounds because I believe they're still loud and fit in just great.
Maybe take a few calls today.
No.
Here's another instruction email.
Tell me how to do the show today.
Oh.
Maybe take a few calls today.
And when the doorcast, I'm your friend calls or any of the other more runs for that matter called.
You can use the Chris Matthews.
But go ahead over and over.
Oh.
Yeah.
Cut everyone off and be just as obnoxious as they are.
Go ahead.
Yeah, maybe a shameless request if nothing else, Vannin, please pick me a letter.
Song to Ricky.
Don't lose that number.
I think it's long and funny.
Love you like a bench.
Slick.
Love you like a man.
He doesn't even know what the word man.
Me.
You don't say love you like a man.
Right.
Doesn't make any sense.
Don't start using the English words when you're going.
Okay.
We know or even if you're Jewish, you don't understand them by a book.
Yeah.
Go online and take it.
I did.
Here's one from Oishmojju who's become way beyond chronic.
Every time I hear the term good Christian, I want to run for cover, take off my kippah and hide my star of David.
The good or the Christian, the worst, the outcome.
Yeah.
That's why Jamaicans are so homophobic because they're real good Christian.
And one thing about Christians, man, if you can't be a good bigot, then you're just not a good Christian.
So the more bigot that you are, the better Christian you are obviously by that logic.
Here's one from Robert who says, dear Neil, I live in South Florida for you too long.
Every time I picked up the newspaper, another redneck pit bull was attacking some poor slob.
I moved to Connecticut two years ago and today the number of pit bulls have seen zero.
I love dogs, but pit bulls need to be exterminated.
There's something wrong with these animals.
And here we go again.
And then it's got an article pit bull attacks residents in two bokeh communities.
Bokeh victims stood there ground from the scum sentinel from today.
Yes, today.
The first victim was pulled to the ground as she kicked and batted the pit bulls away.
The next suffered punch your wounds up and down his left leg as he protected his one-year-old grandson
and his own small dogs from the pit bulls.
The attacks happened Sunday morning in Boca as marine heart and eagle and Randy Schultz on separate walks in their nearby neighborhoods
in front of the most frightening experiences of their lives.
The pit bulls that attacked him, Primo and Princess were still held Wednesday at County Animal Care and control west of Palm Beach, west Palm Beach.
Primo the male was quarantined because he bitched Schultz 56.
Don't quarantine him, just shoot him and the dog too.
I'm just relieved what could have been just awful turned out not to be said Schultz and editor at the Palm Beach Post.
Oh, the dog must have known that.
Your whole attitude about this story changes now, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Dogs in general shouldn't be allowed to roam loose and these dogs especially shouldn't have been allowed to roam loose.
Boca police said that Matt Kusano of Boca for allowing his dogs to run unleashed he was fined 25 bucks for the first time offense.
Kusano told police his dogs escape when he forgot to close his front door.
Primo and Princess made it about two and a half miles from their home before they confronted Hartnago 46.
She said she was walking her Jack Russell terrier belly when the pit bulls charged them.
Hartnago thought she was going to die.
If I don't see a soon, I'm going to die.
She stood firm and yelled at the pit bulls but they kept coming.
Her dog broke from its leash, was biting the pit bulls while she whacked them with plastic and a leash.
A couple came out with wood to beat the pit bulls away and eventually everyone retreated to their homes in Palm Beach.
Farms community the pit bulls got away.
Animal bites reported in Boca roast from 21 in 2007 to 32 last year.
Combined 10 of the 53 bites were by pit bulls and humans.
The other bites included dog versus dog cat versus human and snake versus human said police spokesman Mark Economu.
Unlike Cram, we can fight and deteriorate.
It's really the responsibility of the owner to keep the dogs at least.
Economu said these people are luckily could have been a lot worse.
Antico is on about the story just goes on forever.
I think the dogs would be destroyed Hartnago said they're not civil animals and they can't be in a social situation.
Shultz said he hasn't changed anything about walking his dogs but if he learned the pit bulls were back with their owner, I don't know what I do.
That would displease me.
In other words, when it'd take him out, not for a walk but take him out like that.
Right? Right.
You bet.
Or somebody died.
Who?
Somebody died, founder of a group called the Crams.
Okay.
You know the Crams?
I know the one.
I've had the Crams with or without the M.
Now maybe I should read this story.
Go ahead.
Okay.
I'll lead you to it tonight.
Yes you did.
Lux interior.
Sounds like a bedding store or something.
Lux interior, the singer, songwriter and founding member of the Pioneer New York City horror punk band The Crams died Wednesday.
He was 60.
And Terrier, whose real name was Eric Lee Perkheiser, died a Glendale Memorial Hospital of a heart condition according to statement from his fellow.
With his wife, guitarist, poison ivy, Rorschach, interior form the Crams in 1976, peering lyrics that express their love of B-movie camp with ferocious rock ability and surf inspired instrumentation.
Never heard of them.
George, obviously, they'll bring the music maven that he is.
He knows them well.
I wish I had some big fun.
I'd play some but I don't have any in the computer.
Oh, well who the hell would?
The band became a staple of late 70s Manhattan punk scene emerging from clubs such as Max's Kansas City.
And CBGB.
It was one of the first acts to realize the potential of punk rock as theater and spectral.
I wonder if CBGB was kind of he be.
That was the Jewish version.
Often dressed in macabre gender bending costumes on stage.
Interior evoked a lanky proto goth Elvis Presley.
And his band quickly became notorious for volatile and decadent live performances.
That's why George knows them.
Volatile and decadent.
The trams recorded early singles at some records with producer Alex Chilton of the band Big Star had their first critical breakthrough on their debut EP.
Gravis hits.
The band's lack of a bassist and antagonistic female guitarist quickly sent it apart from the downtown peers and upended them in traditional rock band sexual dynamic of the flamboyant seductive female.
The mysterious mailed guitarist sounds like a bunch of gibberish to me.
Much of a heavy GB.
The group was asked to open for the police on a major tour of Britain in 1979 and reached its critical apex in the early 80s, which such albums as Suck It, Elec General and Songs The Lord taught us.
Oh my god.
Oh.
The Lord taught us.
While the cramps line up we've revolved constantly.
Interior and Rocher are remained the band's core through more than three decades.
The cramps never achieved much mainstream commercial success.
But instead found a reliable fringe audience for more than 30 years.
They even played a notorious show for patients at Napestate Hospital in Napa, California.
I wonder how misratchered like their crap.
The band's influence can clearly be felt among lauded minimalist art blues bands including the black lips, the white stripes, the horrors and primal scream whose frontman Bobby Gillespie allegedly named his son Lux.
I thought that was none of the grand luxe cafe.
How do you like that?
The cramps most recent album, A Collection of Verities, How to Make a Monster, was released in 2004 and the band continued to tour well into the later years of its career, wrapping up its most recent US outing in November.
In 1987 there were widespread rumors of Interior's death for my heroin overdose and half a dozen funeral reads were sent to Rocher.
At first I thought it was kind of funny interior to hold at times, but then it started giving me a creepy feeling.
But you can go ahead and send the reads now because he's dead for real.
No, it's not make believe.
Conway Twitty ain't singing.
He's dead. Conway Twitty long since long since he's not even like Lou Warming anymore.
Good.
257 votes on the poll.
What's in these places would you not even be called dead in gay bar 63 NASCAR of N54 church 39 Westland mall bathroom 35.
Swinger's Club 21, Newtice County 16, Miami Highlight 12, golf course 10, cruise ship 7.
Oh boy, those make believes man, that game in Buffalo last night.
I wouldn't wish it.
Why aren't they riding in the streets here?
Why aren't people protesting and screaming and gnashing?
Anyway, can I just know ordinary night?
It's one for the record books.
Can I do this spot?
No.
Go ahead.
That's what you're supposed to say.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Any question?
Are you clear?
Oh, I go, dude.
Did you sign up for the QAM talent show?
Yeah, I'm sprinting.
Sprinting?
Certainly.
Watch out fast, I can cross this street.
Now I'm over here.
And now I'm over here.
Well, I don't want to see it again.
No.
So what are you going to do?
I play the zipper.
Is it the zipper?
Yeah, see?
Here.
Well?
It's not sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No one more gel the emails.
Now that what's his name came out of the closet?
John's ETR or whatever his name was.
That was pretty good stuff yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
Fun.
There was.
It was fun.
The one I have too much fun because it's off-floority, you know.
And there's a log against too much fun.
Now let's see.
Here's one that says the last thing you hear before a pitful attack.
Don't worry, he doesn't bite.
Yeah.
They're unstable.
It's unpredictable.
What event or even sensory event will set a pitful off?
A strange smell can set a seemingly docile pitful into attack mode.
Don't fart near a pitful if you just ate Chinese food.
Because it says the smell of cat meat says Frank.
Cat meat.
Chinese food.
Smelly Chinese one.
That's bad.
That sounds like a real bigoted common, Frank.
It does.
It's got a point though.
Cat.
I mean, there are people who survive in desperate times eating like rats and mice,
things like that.
I mean, when you come right down to it, stop and think about how we decide which animals we eat,
which are edible in a civilized society like cows and horse meat like, oh, do fat or like dog, you know, fat.
Right?
Right.
Would you eat dog meat if it was prepared in a delicious and...
I would rather not.
I'd rather eat a human.
Would you?
Oh yeah.
Never mind me if a...
Was it outer limits or a twilight zone?
Maybe it was twilight zone.
Where they had this club and they were eating human.
Remember that?
We had to eat that episode.
I'm sure you didn't.
One of them.
You saw one of them?
They were eating people.
Yeah.
It rings a bell.
Does it?
I'm sure it was twilight zone.
Probably.
Very exclusive club you had to have a lot of money to eat people.
And of course the way things are going right now with all this contrived desperation.
Oh, geez.
The world isn't a big depression.
We woke up one day and everybody was broke.
All the banks were broke.
All the brokerage houses were going belly up.
Everybody.
And you, Maria, all you grave robbers on that gambling channel.
You ought to be in...
On death row.
Oh, it's a buying opportunity.
I buy my ass.
Wow.
By the pound, man.
I could retire.
Now by the way, it's up 25 point.
What we do.
24 point.
The SNP is up 5 point.
The Nasdaq is up 16 point.
Big deal.
What's up, Doc?
And it fills his morning call with Ted David on there.
He hasn't been on that channel in what about 100 years?
Now, where does that come from?
The cable information at the bottom.
The station information at the bottom of the screen.
You know when you press info.
Right?
That's generated by the...
Broadcaster.
The station, I would imagine.
Right.
Whatever network or station you're on.
They generated.
That's right.
So I guess times are so tough at CNBC.
Not only can't they afford a...
I job for Maria and get those bags off her push.
But they can't afford to put the correct people on there.
Of course, if I were them, I'd probably want to hide my true identity too.
And put people on there who no longer work there.
There's that Dan of Bage.
It's trying the incredible shrunken head.
God.
And they're Susan Collins.
A group together.
And we've done a lot of work over here.
We've done a lot.
If she isn't the whiniest bitch who ever came down the park, Susan Collins.
Whini.
Can a chick be a nebush?
I'm sure. Why not?
Is there a different name?
That's why you told me a chick can be a junior?
Well, they don't...
They don't believe the term junior.
But they just...
There are people that name their daughters after the mothers.
But they don't say junior.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
No, they do not say junior.
Okay. Well, why not?
That sounds like a sexist pile of crabs in me.
It's a masculine term, I imagine.
Isn't it?
Junior?
Isn't it?
Sounds masculine.
I've never heard of a female.
Junior is an masculine term only because it's the usually named males.
Well, coincidence.
What?
I said, go ahead.
Steve says, today's front page of Miami Herald says,
New I-95 signals confused in debut.
God help us, Neil.
If they're confused by a red or green light on a ramp.
On a ramp?
Oh, that's the most ill-conceived piece of crap.
What's that?
Everything that they do down here with regards to the traffic
to try to improve things, just makes things worse.
Right.
They're maniacs.
They're lunatics.
They're beyond stupid these people.
There are some of the drivers in Dave County who can't drive anywhere,
since you no longer drive in Miami.
The police estimate they're over 100,000 people driving illegally,
which is why I'll be leaving Miami soon, so Steve.
Now, what are the red and green lights?
They got red and green lights on the on ramps,
but then they're supposed to let one car or two cars,
and there's a sign, and you're like, people are going to be paying attention to that,
a traffic light on an on ramp.
In other words, people can't just merge like in a real civilized place.
Right.
Correct.
What kind of a bunch of crap is that?
The rationale.
The irrational is that they don't want to...
Kenny Gramer obviously has way too much time on his hand sends this.
Soil and Green is people, so Charlton Heston, you son of a bitch.
Oh, my God.
Kenny Rogers, V. Kenny Rogers.
Hi, Neil.
It's Kenny Rogers.
Through the years, you've never let me down.
And it's got a list, a link to a list of Bernie Madoff's clients, as if I care.
Enjoy and please throw in a few of your my friends for an old bud.
The Kenny Rogers.
Oh, God.
Why do I want that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Now, Kenny Rogers did sit at that table across from me at Pompano Park that one night,
as did Jim Leland, set across from me there one night, and who cares about either one of them?
Anybody care about Kenny Rogers and his roasters or Jim Leland?
No.
Maybe it's the Kenny Rogers that got candy across the street,
who's rumored to be doing two to four or something.
I don't know.
When are they going to like get off the pot already?
I don't know.
I mean, wouldn't you think that, that sooner or later, they're going to have to like decide what the lineup is going to be?
I mean, are we going to be like static with this for like months to come now?
Like they did with jerks?
What? They don't have to decide anything.
They don't have to keep to a certain schedule or anything.
Well, what does that mean?
They just have to talk about the smell.
Yeah, smell this.
That?
I can smell it all the way up here.
I'm sure.
I can smell it all the way here.
They're coming out from Jolly Jo's fat root.
It's not a good ass.
God.
Well, Neil, now that we've screwed your show up real bad, you have no ratings or audience left,
and we're going to be like, no, not selling your show.
What do you think we ought to do, Neil?
What a stupid waste of time that was.
And then at the end of that 40 minutes, he comes up, well, you know, we ought to really get back and do this again real soon, and then regularly.
You know, I don't do it without me, Jolly Jo.
Have your meeting with Norma.
Have a good lunch.
Have a few laughs about how seriously you take him.
Not.
The fake blob laceter, who obviously is Mr. Radio, it says the fake jury Reynolds or Mr. Radio is dead right about the state of Miami radio.
Oh, who cares?
Who cares?
We used to that.
Yeah, it's like going down about the restaurants that don't exist anymore.
How great they used to be.
Well, what's the point of that?
I mean, kill some time, and it brings back some good memories, but the net is just frustrating.
Well, you like barking at the moon.
There's that little dog.
So there's tiny sitting on the corner, looking up in the sky and barking at the moon and thinking that if he barks long enough, it'll go away.
Like a lot of you idiots out there.
Keep barking at the show.
Baa, baa, baa, baa.
I never heard a dog that went baa, more like sheep, you know.
And of course, those people had right that crap.
Most of them probably are pretty close with their sheep.
288 votes on the poll.
Oh, the fake Alice Rantel is back.
That fate you just played was one of my favorites.
It reminds me of the bird, Glen Hill, because he seemed to like that when it would cackle over it.
Your show is just fine, sir, as good as it ever was, except for George.
You should replace him with Brian Craig, Norma's good friend, Alice.
Yeah, he said he wasn't much.
Yeah, go for it.
That's what Norma said. He wasn't much.
What does that mean?
In bed.
Oh, I see.
What in God's name is this?
The broadcaster provides the information to the cable provider or all of this is about the stuff at the bottom of the screen.
The broadcaster provides the information to the cable provider or the satellite service who then sends the info to your TV.
But you're right, it's up to the actual channel to keep the cable company updated any programming changes.
And in this case, they did not.
Well, like I said, that's because at the gambling channel, they want to stay anonymous because there are a bunch of grave robbers.
And a lot of people would murder somebody over there.
I mean, if you had your life savings invested like in any of those dot coms, like ask jeeps.com or some of the other crap.
What were a couple of the other ones that went bust?
World top.
She is sure.
Yeah, so many life savings in that hundreds of thousands of dollars and you're like 60 some years old.
And you're planning on living a life of leisure off that money.
The way you worked hard all your life to make that money.
You're stashed in a way you invested it according to your broker who made you broker and broker and broker.
And then you wake up one day and all of a sudden it's gone just like what's happened in the whole world now.
Everybody woke up one day and everybody was broke and nobody was buying anything in the banks didn't have any mind to lend you.
Still see lots of people driving around and you know fancy cars.
Well, you're just dreaming.
You seem to be doing better than ever.
You're dreaming.
No, not.
I see it.
Everybody's selling their car.
They're pointing their tape recorders.
They're doing whatever they can to get a couple of bucks.
They're just trying desperately to scrape by.
That's what the dieselies will tell you.
It just keeps getting bigger.
Wow.
Now where did that could come from?
What?
I mean that thing.
What thing?
Did I just play it?
The Lord made them all.
Um, I'm trying to be the audience event.
What is the actual audience event?
Well, it's um, I'm trying to think of the actual movie.
From a movie?
No, I think they were just on a comedy record.
I don't believe it.
I don't remember that thing in an actual.
No, it's money python.
Now until this moment I never knew that was money python.
Didn't you?
No, I did not.
Well, they played comedy in all the time.
I used to have a couple of them.
And that's awful.
One of them.
Really?
Records, you know, they make comedy records.
Much of the known because they're right on it, man.
Little British children.
There are no, Eric Idol is no Bill Marr, but then again, who is?
They sing that song in England in the Church of England.
The little childrens.
Do they really?
They do.
The little children?
Yeah.
Is Billy J. Cramer on the little children album?
You know it.
Billy J. Cramer.
Little children.
I'm sure you got it there in your pile.
I'm sure I did.
Let me go look.
In fact, if you got it.
Go ahead.
I still think one day a week, the whole four hours.
Go ahead.
Just play that.
Oh, Billy J. Cramer.
1968.
I don't know.
1969.
1968.
Oh, I don't have a date.
Wait.
64, son.
64.
Yeah.
Wow.
Where were you in 1964?
Just being born.
I was in Albee, Michigan.
W-A-L-M.
Where do children win?
I don't think we played that though.
We didn't play that.
I was a little bit too rock and rolly.
We played more like a great kind of singer.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
No problem.
Slush.
Bill says putting your money in, of course, Bill is magnificent.
You're repeating things that I've been saying for years.
Thank you, Bill.
Putting your money in the stock market is like going to Vegas.
It's gambling.
Oh, no.
That's a boy, Bill.
Oh, and speaking of that, right on the heels of Bill's
area diet message.
The fake Maria Bartiromo says, I'm still waiting.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Last Friday, I emailed you a business proposal on doing a financial segment.
Today, I haven't heard back from your people.
Well, we don't have any people.
And you won't be hearing from a bitch.
Let's get the show on the road.
Tomorrow's Friday.
It's a perfect time to do our first segment called, invest for your future's
Fridays.
I'm sure you're aware how busy I am, how it would be an honor for you and your audience to see my
perspective on the markets every Friday.
I eagerly look forward to your response.
Best regards to the fake Maria Bartiromo.
Well, here's my response, Maria.
You don't have to wait.
How do you like that?
No, I have to charge for that either.
For the guy who might have more blueberries or raspberries and flak jacks.
What was the term they used yesterday in the Denny's during?
Griddle cakes?
No, it wasn't griddle cakes.
Huck cakes.
Oh, okay.
Now, I have used that word in different contexts like they're selling like hot cakes.
Right.
Right?
Right.
That's old.
That's an old expression.
And then what does that mean?
I apparently hot cakes are very popular and sell well.
That's what Ancho Mama said.
I just am not just crazy about pancakes.
They're just kind of tasteless.
They're like, and they're melee.
I'll pass.
I'll pass on them.
Thank you.
Waffles are really expensive.
Nothing to be melee, but it's another thing to be melee.
And of course, it's nothing to be melee mouthed like, oh, yeah, like that.
Meal mouth.
Mm-hmm.
There's still Huck on a trinic about the stimulus package.
Not only do we have a failure.
Where's that Joe Jonas?
I'd like to stimulate his package.
Oh, I can't say that.
Can I?
I don't care.
Now that there's those rumors that he's gay.
Who knows and who cares?
They're like a little, but your little talentless punks, the Jonas brothers.
Where did that come from?
Who got me started with that crap?
You.
You were watching TV and you saw the other.
Oh, that's right.
They were on that thing.
You became an instant fan.
Oh.
They were on that horrible concert thing there.
Right?
With what's her name?
Hannah Montana.
Hannah Montana.
K.A. Miley Cyrus.
Oh, boy.
Miley Cyrus, man.
I told you that Billy Joe Cyrus was on there.
Oh, no.
He was.
Why never watched it?
Well, it was on again and he was still on it the second time.
And so were they.
Put that again.
I mean, that's music.
It's got them all in the house.
Well, you know something?
Anything's got them.
Oh, that's one of our ones.
Favorite decade.
We finally had our own music and our own love songs.
Rock and roll love songs.
Seriously, he represents to me everything that's bad about the human race.
Bowser.
I mean, I had forgotten all about him.
Luckily, until the information started for this time life crap.
And most of the music's pretty good.
Like I had the other time life series, which you remember I played all those at one time?
Yep.
Including one hit wonders and stuff, but nevertheless.
Every time I see or hear her, it's very disturbing to me.
I don't know why because she did that where the boys are, which was a four-letter deal thing, right?
Right.
Wasn't that the movie and it was filmed in four-letter deal back in the day when all the young people run four-letter deal beach.
The original parts chased him away.
What?
The original version.
They remade it later.
I don't remember where.
Right.
Maybe in the same place.
But the initiator nervous breakdown or whatever.
Wish a lot of people have a nervous breakdown.
I mean, you know, what's the big deal with that?
I shouldn't be so narrow-minded.
But there's just something about her that's.
A little off.
Oh, that's the end of that.
Sometimes it's good to see recording artists that you've never seen before.
So you know what they look like.
And then sometimes it's really not a good idea.
Oh, an eye opener.
Strange.
Strange creatures from another world.
Trust me.
The Kalen twins.
So Adam Oshmok finally sent something worthwhile.
Microsoft founder, Turnfarlanthropist, Bill Gates, one of your favorites, not.
Released a glass full of mosquitoes at an elite technology conference to make a point about the deadly disease malaria.
Malaria spread by mosquitoes, Gates said while opening a jar on stage at the technology entertainment design conference, Ted,
a gathering known to attract technology, kings, politicians, Hollywood stars and queens.
I brought some.
First before it on social networking site Twitter, Facebook, senior platform manager Dave Morin blogged Bill Gates just released mosquitoes into the audience at Ted.
Gates then waited a minute or so before assuring the audience the freed insects were malaria free.
Well, now let me ask you this question.
How can you be 100% positive in malaria, the insects were malaria free?
You give each one a blood test into it.
And that must be it.
Yeah.
That's what I'm thinking.
He's got the money to do that, you know.
Can you imagine grabbing a hold of mosquito and giving it a blood test?
Mm-hmm.
Must have some very delicate hands to be able to do that.
You got to hold it down.
You got to a little stick this orange in there on there.
Here, in fact, they're coming out from Bill Gates.
You hear?
The unusual presentation on malaria prevention was confirmed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's media office.
A spokesman said the insects released were not carrying malaria.
Gates retired his head of Microsoft last year to focus more on his foundation.
One of its key projects is ending malaria and it spent millions on fighting the disease.
The philanthropist has been pushing to reduce malaria deaths through the nonprofit.
And September Gates announced that the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation would provide $168.7 million to the path malaria vaccine initiative
to help develop a vaccine for the deadly disease.
I say screw malaria.
Give us the money for crying out loud.
Yeah.
All of us who are, that's right.
Everybody who's getting a pay cut.
Everybody who's not a work because of this phony baloney crisis that was invented.
So they can once again fleece the public and fleece the entire freaking universe.
Oh, me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Me, you.
Yeah.
The F.A.G.
Me, you.
Me.
Me, you.
Me, you.
You put off my chin.
Oh.
You'll save with your meld.
Uh-uh.
GAY ci I've got your back.
Remember a fact.
Because that's where we're looking for love.
It's where you're cracksack.
To finish, you'll buy me, F.A.G.
I got lunch, face, show, hair, and then a leszy.
But I'll make fun.
Don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy, life style, like Joe.
Stop your gay jokes and start being filing.
Because you might get a taste of homosexual violence.
We don't play your butt's my target like a dog in a stair-jorg.
Don't dream market where you see us with our Ray Bans on.
We're just lying in the park.
Everyone in our hands on.
We are the F-A-G.
We're the F-A-G.
That's hurt.
Ooh.
We know both are pretty good.
And don't you forget it.
We are the F-A-G.
Really all kind of hard to swallow.
We should've been taking fairies.
Let me see you're just pranced with me.
Just pranced with me.
Now slide.
Ooh, right there.
Let me see you do some weights then.
Oh, perfect.
I made you wrist limp.
Yeah.
We are the F-A-G.
That's it, baby.
Just, ooh.
We are the F-A-G.
Now look what you went and did.
Oh, I got a white dissolve.
We are the F-A-G.
Oh, she's the everywhere.
Showed to take fairies.
Does anybody have a boy's towel at?
We know the F-A-G.
Showed to take fairies, baby.
You're fairies.
Harder, quick.
You ready, Garland?
Jelly, go.
11.30.
What?
I said, go ahead.
Oh.
Now what were you going to say?
I said, go right ahead.
Go right ahead, what?
With what you were doing?
Is he show tunes?
Yes.
Oh, what I was doing was printing out to something.
Here it is.
Oh, now another one of these.
I'll get another one of those fake emails tonight.
I'm sure from Reverend Shrush.
He's not sagging in the church.
Hendrick.
From Hylia, from some phony church.
Great.
Minister admits violating probation.
Uh-oh.
Saying that he now has clarity in the order given him by the court, Richard Brown the
turd, Leslie Lucas County County Police Court House yesterday, with the month approved
he doesn't belong behind bars.
And Richard is Brown, by the way.
Mr. Brown, 35, an associate minister and one time public school board candidate was
sentenced to community control in April after being found guilty on misdemeanor procuring
prostitution and pornography charges.
Yesterday he admitted in court they violated some of the conditions of that probation.
A thorough reset he failed to attend court mandated six offender meetings.
He didn't pay all his costs.
Judge Linda Jennings said a March 4th sentencing date giving Mr. Brown a month to comply with
the conditions of his probation.
If he is not in compliance, he faces a six month sentence in the correction center of
Northwest Ohio.
I got what I was looking for.
A clarity, Mr. Brown said he left the courtroom surrounded by family and friends.
They were vague orders.
I wanted clarity.
That's all.
Oh yeah.
He wanted to get laid is all he wanted.
Although faced with up to 18 months in prison when sentenced April 30th, Mr. Brown was placed
on probation for two years, ordered to pay a $500 fine, perform a hundred hours of community
service undergo psychological evaluation and stay away from the victims in this case.
As part of the conditions of his probation, he was ordered to undergo any treatment deemed
necessary.
Mr. Brown was convicted of attempting to set up sexual encounters to email for mail
acquaintances for money.
The emails all of which were sent between 2001 and 2003 were found on a computer taken
from Mr. Brown's home during a search warrant executed in September 2007.
Pornography was also found on the computer, although the dissemination charge was a result
of Mr. Brown allowing boys to view pornographic DVDs.
I wonder if they were wearing their DVDs while he was showing them the.
Mr. Brown met the boys to his work at church.
All right.
As part of his probation, Mr. Brown was ordered to attend a sex offender treatment program,
the violations result of Mr. Brown not attending the meetings.
Authorities said he would not concede he was a sex offender which is a condition of the
group so his bar from attending the meetings.
Mr. Brown was not classified by the court as a sex offender.
He's never required to register as one.
Mr. Brown, the former associate minister of at Friendship Baptist Church, was an endorsed
Democrat for the Toledo School Board scene in the 2007 election, but withdrew his candidacy
before the election.
How do you like that?
Another prevert in the church.
He met the boys in church.
Well, pretty darn.
It's a good place to meet and greet and praise the Lord.
Say, oh God, that's good.
Faker.
It's all about your crap, boys and girls.
All about your bull crap.
But the world basically is a bunch of crap.
You know, that's why you just do the best you can.
It's all I can recommend to each and every one do the best you can under impossible
circuits like working at QAM.
Do the best you can with your hands and legs tied and a big piece of masking tape over
your push.
341 votes on a poll.
Which of these places would you never be caught dead at?
Gabe R. 91.
Nazcar event 72.
Church 47.
The Westland Mall bathroom is 47, especially the one in JC pennies where they do the limbo
rock to get under the door.
Yeah.
Swingers Club 25, Nunes County 25, Miami Highlight 15, golf course 13, cruise ship nine.
I wonder if they tapped their feet at the two rooms in Westland mall.
You tell me.
And whatever happened to him, Larry Craig, he's still in the Senate, right?
As far as I know, he's still a member in good tapping.
I never happens to them.
Oh, well, Miss Fully, she had a like, you know, go back to her boyfriend and disgrace
in Palm Beach and kind of skulk into the sunset.
Lydia, Democrat.
Mark Fully?
No.
Oh, okay.
Democrat.
How about your Limpress governor?
Yay.
Another Republican in the closet.
Now I don't understand this, this email at all.
Okay.
Brian and Adrian in St. Augustine, Florida, a suburb of Hamilton, Ontario.
I mean, Jacksonville, Florida says.
Huh?
No, well, forget about that.
That's what it's signed.
But it says, hi, Neil, I'm filling in my arbitrarian diaries.
Two were sent to my home for my wife and I and making sure to include you in our nightly
ritual.
Well, if they're in St. Augustine, what does it got to do with this market?
It wouldn't be filling out arbitrarian diaries for the Miami for Lauderdale Hollywood market.
Listen to the archive while studying for grad school.
Since you're basically getting me through grad school with my sense of humor intact, I guess
I'll be obliged to kick back 10% of my salary to you.
Better 10% than to a dirty church.
A dirty church.
Stay warm on Conella, be well.
Brian and Adrian in St. Augustine, Florida, suburb of Hamilton, Ontario.
I mean, Jackson, Florida.
Okay.
Well, Hamilton and Jackson will both have big smoke stacks, very industrial, filthy, dirty,
really dirty, like the dirty church.
But if they're really in St. Augustine, what, what, you know, well, whatever.
Put us down for old times sake.
Right.
Or new times sake.
Oh, new times.
I'm told, remember that discussion about the promotion.
They are trade with new times.
Norma told me last night that they're on the verge of being defunct.
So we're going to do some trade for with new times better to fast before they go out of
business.
I'm telling you, these people, what they don't know about promotion could fill just volumes.
What they don't know about this business and about promotion and about succeeding and
winning and like that.
And this long head that they got there to keep holding these on the phone conference
meetings.
I mean, what, what is this going to stop?
What are they going to finally wake up and say, this guy is a zero.
Maybe that's why we had some numbers with some hours we got numbers lunatic.
How about if we have a, let's do some trade with a Hollywood suntatler.
Okay.
And the old Miami news.
What do you say?
Sounds like a plan.
It's enough to make you put your head between your legs and cry.
Don't cry like Ron Jeremy.
He put his head between his legs.
I know.
Grotesque.
Grotesque.
Oh, it makes you feel like you want to cry all day.
Okay.
Paul says little children was one of the many songs written by John Lennon and Paul McCurney
that gave away to other artists.
I guess they wanted to spread the wealth.
They did this for the Rolling Stones.
We had their first number one hit with I want to be your man.
I never heard that.
I want to be your man.
Let me see the stones as well as world without love for Peter and Gordon.
I remember that well.
It says Paul listening to you want to went from LA.
I miss some things about Miami, but I'm not enough to live there.
I've got it by the Beatles, but not the by the stones.
You got what?
I want to be your man.
I want to be your mother baby.
I want to be your man.
Oh, I want to be your mother baby.
I want to be your man.
There you go.
Wow.
No wonder they gave it away.
Oh, me.
Floridians.
Dumb as dirt.
It's always something.
It makes nothing happen.
It's always something.
It makes nothing happen.
It's always got to hit it.
It makes nothing get placed.
Don't call me as a toy.
Cause it gets me in our eye.
Woo.
I'm trying to do this.
No, but another man.
But I'm holding down the dough.
Don't mess.
Trust me.
No, you don't.
Trust me.
Trust me.
I'm going to go on again.
Talk around.
Talk around.
Talk around.
Talk around.
Talk around.
Talk around.
Didn't we have to stir a couple of months ago that he was like kind of
virgin's death and his kidneys were going on and something like that?
Well, I have a suggestion to him if he's waiting to die.
Go ahead.
I'll beat you to it.
Yeah, I did.
Well, here's one from a phone number guy.
Contrived.
Please tell me that you're not that dumb that you think this recession has been fabricated.
I realize that your audience is dumb to begin with, including this idiot obviously, which is clearly what you hope for when you play those bits and
Farts sounds that aim for the dumbest of the dumb.
And in decades of repetition of those drop-ins and you're guaranteed to shave a nice chunk off the old IQ.
But I think that those pills you're taking have affected your already limited mental capacity are perhaps it's the long cold winner getting to you.
Yeah, I think it's not just one of those.
It's all of these things.
The long cold winner boy minus 28th Celsius windshield this morning.
What is that?
Look it up on your thing minus 28C.
Looking.
Wow.
It's like minus 18.
18 below zero Fahrenheit.
Right.
And you think I'm going outside today?
You must be dreaming.
Well, I'm sure it's toasty.
Now I'm sure it's warmed up.
Yeah, those pills I'm taking are getting to me.
I'm just one of those people doesn't believe all the bull crap.
OK.
All the BS just like that whole stock market crap with the new economy against the old economy and the all the tech bubble and all the other crap.
All a big pack of lies sold by a bunch of grave robbing a holes on the gambling channel.
Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy and here are these companies that they don't even have any earnings yet much less profits.
They have no earnings.
But all look at those stock prices going up put some lipstick on those pigs minus 14 now.
Is the temperature.
I don't know what the wind chill is.
It'll it'll stay in just momentarily sunny.
Oh, it's beautiful looks like a looks like my 7580 degrees out there current temperature minus 14 Celsius.
And.
But this weekend it's going to be toasty rain and six on Saturday for cast you know, but take some notes, Paulie.
Can't hurt.
Wind only out of the west at five miles an hour.
So there can't be much of a windshield five or five kilometers.
It's like three miles an hour.
It's no wind.
Right.
Right.
So what is minus 14 Celsius?
Looking got to reach over here.
You got a one.
This is a ballpark thing.
You understand that right?
Yeah.
Like ballpark.
Frank's they plump when you cook them.
That's like eight degrees minus what 14 did you say?
Yeah.
Yeah, like eight degrees above zero Fahrenheit.
Correct.
Not bad.
I'm going out in my shorts right now.
Got my walking shorts on.
No, I don't as a matter of fact.
Sitting here in my box of shorts and my t-shirt.
Another Jorge says, hey, Neil here are a couple of definitions from the radio worldwide dictionary.
That might be helpful to your audience.
Junior.
Younger usually designated the younger of two men bearing the same full name.
A son named after his father often written as J.R.
With a capital J or J.R.
With a small J following the name.
I.E.
May I speak to Jorge, Junior, please?
See.
Joyce.
Waste matter discharge from the intestines through the anus.
Experiment.
I.E.
After having a big meal with the local Chinese buffet, I took a big pile of steamy Joyce.
Right.
Who says we aren't making an impact?
Even though I'm popping all those pills and I'm seeing all the time, I even stupid.
All those forts on the drop-in.
But you're still listening, Schmuck.
Schmendrick.
Batman.
Paul from Pointin says, the show that you're looking for was on Alfred Hitchcock in the late 50s,
early 60s.
It was about an exclusive dining club that boasted lamb dish that was superb.
He's right.
The last scene is in the kitchen where the guests are welcome by the chef who is
brandishing a large butcher knife while clearly signaling that the guest is the main ingredient
in the featured dish.
Did you notice today on MSM, the president's stimulus plan was called Socialistical or Marxist.
I guess the corporations are really pissed off that they would their limit their overly generous bonuses.
The knives are out now.
Oh yeah, they are.
Just like when Clinton got him.
And he was his ass wasn't warm on the seat yet in the oral office.
And already they were looking to like, you know, nail his ass.
Here's one from Jason.
Says in the long time no email.
I don't know, don't be with that.
You remember must be slipping Jason.
You're still as chronic as ever.
It said you could drop that Chris Matthews go ahead all day long.
It's the best.
Is Walmart on the pool?
Go ahead.
I'm going for this pool.
I would never be caught at Walmart.
Get it on there, please.
Yeah.
Jason says I'll never step foot in that evil place.
Could you recap the meeting that fat ass Joe Bell had with George?
Did he really get a pay cut?
No, wasn't meeting with George was meeting with the whole staff of.
I want to find how about everybody?
Power 96 and the people and Q.
I am all of them all of them.
Unless they had an ironclad contract like yours truly was already taken a 50% pay cut.
Everybody else has taken a 5% pay cut effective next month.
Even George Beasley and Bruce Beasley and Jolly Joe Bell and fat ass this one and that one.
It says it's really effort cool to hear my nipples could cut glass.
All the best you in George.
PS shameless request to the little Richard mashed potato drop.
I don't have that.
You got it.
I don't have never got it.
Well, we can take care of that.
Thank you.
Can we?
I'm sorry.
You know I'm sorry.
Potato's graven and cranberry sauce.
Woohoo!
Oh!
Go ahead.
Oh, look out, look out!
Somebody help me!
Whatever happened all those great spots.
They had a whole run there of really sensational spots.
The you know, guy codes and then these commercials are both the best in the world and worst in the world.
They got the stack of money with the eyeballs on top now.
That's what they're doing.
Oh yeah.
Instead of anything good.
Oh, lame is an understatement.
Oh, stupid.
Not funny.
Not cute.
Not clever.
Sorry.
I missed those commercials too.
I'm getting choked up.
Don't die.
Well, no, that's because I keep putting this damn heat on in here.
They're all.
And it gets the air full of like the mong you know and then you start inhaling it and then I trust you.
Dusty dry heat mong.
Yeah, I hate.
Oh, and you know what else it does when it's in the winter time and it's dry heated.
It makes your skin really, really dry.
That's right.
Neutrogena.
Really?
The manly skin cream.
Doesn't smell like anything.
Works.
Oh, I don't want nothing too manly.
I know.
Little children was not written by Linda McCartney for Billy J. Kramer.
That guy was thinking of bad to me, which was the flipside little children.
I'm a geek and these things are important to me.
Says Judy.
Well, thanks for the correction, Judy.
Bad to me was a good song.
By bad finger?
No, bad to me by Billy J. Kramer.
You don't got it.
Where you going?
Where you going?
Mike over there.
What?
Oh yeah, there it is.
Bad to me.
It's a good song.
Oh, you have a little faith.
Don't you ever leave me?
I'm so in love with you.
Oh, the birds in the sky would be sad.
Only if they knew that I'm the smile.
What if only they'd be sad?
If you're bad to me.
You should have played that before they were meeting for Joe Bell.
Don't be bad to me.
They sound like Herman's vermin.
Yes, they do.
Don't think?
Yes.
Very much like Herman's vermin.
Of course, those British groups, you know, the British invasion, the 63, 64, the Beatles,
and the Stones, and the searchers, and Peter and Gordon.
That's right.
What do you mean that's right?
What do you know about?
I use that.
Those are good times.
Oh, the 60s were great.
I like it.
A clutch.
A puzzle that we have to like have another decade like the 60s, starting right now.
Or maybe starting next year, the 2010s.
What do you think?
Sounds great.
Oh my god.
That Ray Denzel, who is so freaking chronic, is this a pull or what?
The current economic crisis was caused by the world governments in order to take over and nationalize
the banking system a financial coup right under our collective noses.
True or untrue?
What is what kind of a pull is that?
Ray, you need some serious, serious help, okay?
Go sell some crap or do whatever it is you do.
Go make some money.
Stop.
He's just so over the top.
You know what I mean?
Not a bad guy, but just out of control.
Out of freaking control.
Now let's see.
Brian and Adrian are back to clarify that thing about the arbitrarian diaries.
Could be some bonus money for us.
Yeah, right.
Some some bogus money.
Sure.
Or focus is right.
Regarding what you mentioned about radio markets for the diary entries, that's precisely
what I thought.
When they called, they call often when they send diaries.
I asked them about this.
They said definitely to enter who they listened to, the station and web address regardless of
in market or not.
I guess it could mean more advertising revenue in the internet stream for you.
Let's hope so since Joyce and Jolly Joe have no idea how to compensate their talent.
Talent equals revenue, Jolly Joe.
Thanks again, Neil.
Brian and Adrian.
Well, thanks, Brian and Adrian.
You're doing your best.
They're trying for us.
It won't have any impact on anything, but don't say that.
Well, how do you like this?
Neil.
I'm a frequent or anonymous sex meeting place in an avid fan, if you will.
The most notorious meeting spots in South Florida, even someone to this day, is the crawl bridge
mall at Oakland Park and federal highway in Fort Lauderdale.
I've had many quick twists there and been very fortunate to be able to deduce when
stings were being run.
You continue to mention the tea room with the JC Penny at the Westland Mall.
Believe me, there are no more chance meetings there.
Just like the great restaurants from the past, South Florida, the male restrooms at any place
at Westland, now known as Westfield, especially in JC Penny, can be thought of as gone and
no more.
It should be replaced on the pulled by adult bookstore porn author.
I'll get that on there.
There were a few good ones left down here and then it says yada yada yada.
PS whenever I send you anything to do with these places, you blow it off so to speak.
I don't know why.
Wow.
And then it goes through history of this place and that place.
Great.
You're going to put it on there.
What?
Adult bookstore porn author.
Yeah, I did.
Immediately.
You leave now.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
Yeah.
What's up, y'all?
This is a boy, he might see how you do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
IEADFBO.
My ultimate dream, my ultimate obsession would be to play that on
Iexpergated just one time.
Go ahead.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, on the under your last show, what I'm taking the day off.
All right, tomorrow?
Sure.
I'll tell you what, if George Rodriguez never does anything
productive the rest of his life, the editing job you did on
that bit was just, I still can't get over it.
Thank you, because I just might not do anything productive
for the rest of my life.
Well, especially if you keep working for Joe Bell.
Well, we're going to give you a 3% pay raise, George.
Oh, I like that.
And then we're going to cut it 5% so now you're like 2% in the
hole.
Yeah.
But you just look at it this way, you're almost even.
Ah, yeah.
You're 3% ahead of the rest of the suckers in there and you're
like 48% ahead of me.
I'm counting my blessings.
One, I'm done.
The Sarasota County School Board shut down a police training
class this week after complaint that the instructor Mike
Troubert had shown a pornographic movie to the six
officers taking the course.
Troubert 50 is an Northport city commissioner and retired
Venice police officer.
He also teaches drivers Ed and has been a long time youth sports
coach.
Oh, what a shock.
He refused to comment on the complaint hour, the
personal investigation by the school board.
The school board also refused to provide any details about the
video and question or how long it was reportedly shown to the
class saying the investigation is ongoing.
Charlotte County deputy Ryan White said the statement released
to the Charlotte Sheriff's Office.
The video was graphic and shocked everyone in the class.
It was shocking.
There were like body parts and stuff going on.
The investigation is not criminal because there were no minors
in the room at the time of the incident though Troubert's job
is police trainers at risk over the complaint.
Mom, maybe he was training him for something else.
The training class at the Sarasota County technical institute on
Beneva Road was for working offices from Charlotte Sarasota
County, Northport and the FHP at least one student was a woman.
The school board refused to say who would complain.
The technical institute, well, you know, it might have
been Joyce.
She's got a real problem with penis and vagina.
What I heard.
That's where Clarence tells us with a straight face.
Clarence, you idiot.
Well, in his case, the technical institute runs the Sarasota
criminal justice academy and dozens of other training programs
for adults and high school students in their junior and senior
years.
There's that junior again.
Get the honey, senior.
Now, let me ask you this.
How come is is oh, yeah, there are guys named senior.
Right.
Like there used to be there was Jim Erman, Jr.
and Jim Erman senior.
Right.
Well, I don't understand that.
I don't think they're named that, but it's a point of reference.
It's a title that you adopt when you have a junior to differentiate.
Like, you know, like lawyers like to put S.
Quiet on the end of their names, things like that.
This, of course, is harness racing fame from Ohio and Michigan.
Oh, Jim Erman, Jr.
Philip Ryan.
Here it comes.
Hit him again.
Hit him again, Jim.
And then of course, Tom Merriman, Joe Philip Ryan for quite a while.
The great Tom Erman.
And now Aaron Merriman is driving at that horrible Northfield in Cleveland
and winning like crazy at a boy Aaron just like daddy or ugly.
Tubera has been teaching there since 2006 was paid 50 bucks an hour for the two week
ADR class.
The district informed the FDA, the investigation and complaint about Trubord on
Tuesday after the school board investigation, the state panel that certified
police trainers could do its own investigation and possibly we've
hooked Trubord's teaching certification.
How do you like that?
But they canceled the course because he's shown dirty stuff, you know, dirty.
They so dirty can't do that.
408 votes on the pool.
Our goal is 500.
We get 500.
We're going home.
Go ahead.
Here's Gregory who says we love your show to all the dorks out there who
thinks Neil show is crap.
Just turn the dial and leave us alone.
Leave us alone.
Gosh dang it.
Your show is the highlight of our day.
We get news whether emergency information whether we wanted or not and non
bias commentary.
Well, what you sure don't get that for me?
I'm as biased as they come non biased commentary.
Who are you kidding Greg?
Non bias commentary.
My ass when I start doing that will be a day for me to go lay down on the floor.
Start popping those pills.
Listen to your show.
We actually laugh every day when you're on vacation.
It's depressing.
We learned that all the brainwashing we went through during our younger years
can be erased and we love to hear the eye opening truth.
There's no facts in the church.
No, Neil.
I'm not praying for you to a marvelous job.
What will the majority of the population realize there is no God except for you,
Neil?
Much love and adoration Karen.
Well, I see it's Karen said Gregory in the top thing.
PSA, hey, you religious fanatics read a book.
See Karen inspired me to play that because I haven't played it a long, long time.
Too long.
Of course, used to be when fact Chris was under would know was it him or
Cortis that hated that thing.
I don't remember every time I played.
Oh, geez, play that again.
Everybody's an expert, including Josh Cortis.
Who occasionally gets the bedtime stories up on our website.
Well, he was drunk at the Super Bowl.
He was in a super at the Super Bowl in Tampa.
Of course, what else are you going to do in Tampa besides get plastered?
Go to the booby of bars and get plastered.
Go to mom's weenus and get plastered.
And in Cortis's case, just go sit on a bench somewhere and get plastered.
How'd you like to take a look at his liver?
Cortises?
Yeah.
Well, not yet, but maybe, you know, not now, but maybe 10 years from now.
Oh, yeah.
Like Paco.
See, one thing that I told you this a long time ago, Mexicans drinking is a way of life.
Drinking booze, I'm talking about.
I never knew that.
Oh, yeah.
They always got a bottle of tequila in their pants.
I had no idea somewhere.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you did.
I didn't.
Boozers, man, booze.
So I just can't even imagine his liver even like being intact.
Pastey and yellow and like like that, like old yellow.
But you can't, you can talk until you're blue in the face, but it's just, you know, going to his
health and four of it on the pool.
Let's take a look and see how it's coming.
Do I have one up there for tomorrow yet?
Pull switch.
Nothing to switch.
I haven't set one, huh?
Well, before we take a look at this one, let's see.
Oh, Gabriel.
Has a QA stimulus plant package here.
Well, we'll look at that eventually.
Which of these places wouldn't it ever because that's the one for today?
I don't have any more polls.
I'm a fresh out of polls.
Just like the chief panel said, 10 girls.
Or no, it was the serious people.
Remember?
Yeah.
Neil wants some serious money and we're fresh out.
We're fresh out.
Pretty soon, he's going to be saying we're fresh out of business, serious.
412 votes on the poll.
Which of these places would you not be called dead ad?
Gabe R 112 NASCAR event 82, church 57 Westland,
malty room 51, swingers club 29,
nudist county 28 golf course 18, Miami Highlight 17,
cruise ship 12, Walmart for and outpost door,
a porno theater to only two.
Well, somebody better start slipping us some poll here between on to a clock.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Because I ain't got one.
I'll just leave this one up till we get another one.
Okay.
Or maybe Ray Denzel can come up with one for us.
God, I mean, talk about.
Oh, chronic, chronic.
Just unbelievable, you know, and use this to be some worthwhile stuff once in a while,
you know, not anymore.
Oh, well, you're.
Maybe I'll do a spot.
Sure.
No, you're not supposed to say sure you're supposed to play.
Oh my God.
Well, George is bored.
You know, he's bored with life.
Yeah, you are.
Your board would live.
Sure.
You want to hold much a hot new young chicks?
Right.
Bag of money.
Bag of weed.
Bag of weed.
Big, big, bag of money.
Big, bag of money.
All large bills.
Right.
Some fresh.
I'll share the weed with the fresh.
Fourth, we're radio is what the queues were.
You are.
Any smartphone can make calls.
Surf the web, email, and take pictures.
However, only one can tell you what you did last night.
Introducing Blackout Berry.
Oh, God.
Oh, I'm so hungover.
Where am I?
Wait, this isn't my apartment.
Just a touch of a button.
And Blackout Berry fills you in on all the sorted details.
Complete with sound and video.
Dancing on the tables?
What does that guy get me?
Oh, oh no, no.
No, not the geeky guy.
Oh, no, I didn't kiss him.
Ew.
You get more than that sweet heart.
Bear yourself for a storm of embarrassment
with a bold new approach to remembering what you'd rather forget.
Blackout Berry.
Okay.
Well, I was a little bit distracted because the branding came through for me
and it came up with a pull.
All right.
Not one that we haven't done before, but nevertheless.
We'll take it.
What's ethnic food do you like the best?
Okay, we've done that.
Italian always wins, does it not?
I would think so.
You know, anybody don't like Italian food?
Nope.
If they don't come in Easter,
what ethnic style of food is best?
American, Cuban, Mexican, Jewish,
Puerto Rican, British, Chinese,
Japanese, Thai, Caribbean, African, Italian,
French, or Russian?
What's African cuisine?
I wouldn't know.
People must have some.
If that's the word it is, I can't wait to try it.
Yeah.
Roast.
Yeah.
Roast Joe.
Or can you imagine how many people that ass of his could feed an army?
Jolly Joe Bell.
What an ass.
Bracken could feed the Chinese army and have enough left over for the
Dan Canadians too.
The connox.
Then it's being of that Gabriel says similar to Obama,
Joe Bell should cut the dead weight around the station to improve the
daily broadcast schedule.
Kimbo Bo campers in a little bit more honor wouldn't be surprised
if they held up cute cards of what he has to say throughout his broadcast.
The bigot is also ruining the station with his horrible tions to his ads
during the middle of the show.
He they're like a wart.
He probably receives a lifetime supply of cheeseburgers.
No wonder he looks like a disease turd like Jabba the Hut.
Almond's his ugly as Tim T-bag.
Joe Rose, his catchphrases and guests are the worst ever heard on radio like
stir it up.
His guests like Drew Rosencrantz are horrible and bring nothing to the show.
He just defends all of his clients like terrible Owens.
It's the same crap every time he comes on the show.
DA.
According to Flea, he's a nice guy but his ratings aren't cutting it.
Jimmy Cifalus.
Jimmy Cifalus is not our uh he just does the dolphin games.
It says I think that Christmas more about football than Cifalus.
The best thing to do with a disease like Cifalus is get rid of it.
The station could save money while making improvements in daily schedule.
Only one sports radio host during the day Jim Manage automates the rest of the sports
throughout the day.
Neil continues on his regular schedule.
Give George and Flea their own shows which replaces the horrible sports broadcasts currently
on QAM.
Neil show is the best I've heard on radio.
He show never gets old and repetitive.
Everyone on the show brings something new to the whoever whatever it is whether it's Flea or George.
Even Fat Chris could do a better job than DA and his point ratings.
Joe Bell will probably never do this because he's a communist and hires only his friends.
Communist fat ass communist.
How do you like that?
Now Lancelot who um just is out of control now.
Never heard I don't think I've ever heard from Lancelot before but all of a sudden he sends
three emails in a row and that's okay.
Not chronic yet but a fast approaching it.
Neil I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure that Nancy Sinatra's name is actually
Nancy Sinatra Jr.
No.
Why would her name be Nancy Sinatra Jr.
Were some others named Nancy?
I don't know.
No.
Was her father Frank?
Was his name Nancy?
No.
Nancy Sinatra Jr.
Come on Lancelot.
You silly ass.
That would be like saying that the Queen the Queen's name is um Queen Elizabeth Jr.
Right.
Then of course there was also the Queen mom who was a hell of a drunken old bitch.
The Queen mom see everything to them as a big joke.
Everything's a big joke.
The royal family and the drunken old bitch and Prince Charles who's busy buggering every all of his
servants you know.
He's an old bugger with silly ass ears.
Lancelot also says Neil why do I hear Spanish talking music in the background during your show?
I don't hear it when you're playing your spots just when you in Georgia run.
I don't hear it on the internet but it's there on my Sony Walkman and my sound design house radio.
Has any ever heard of the cymbal casting?
Last week when I was checking some old videotapes I found a whammy 69 recording of your show.
You had some great spectacles and those eyebrows are great too.
Spectacles.
Whammy.
Do anybody that calls glasses spectacles?
No.
Only silly ass brin.
They're really old people.
Why don't you do your program as a streaming video show?
That would be better than the whammy show but you'd have to wear your pantaloonies.
If your engineers doubt the veracity of my comment about the background station I'm making a set
tape to send a George.
There won't be necessary Lancelot because everybody knows about Fidel and the station 560
cranked up to 80 billion watts and nobody can hear this station.
Everybody knows and nobody cares.
Lancelot the old limey lived here since 1955 in Haya Lea.
Oh Haya Lea that explains a lot.
Yeah everybody knows about it and nobody gives a crap.
That's one one thing when you have a meeting and they say well one of the problems is nobody
can hear the station the signal that that's very uplifting you know.
Doesn't that make you feel like a real bench?
Oh yeah.
Here's one that says Neil read this on the air so I can be famous.
And it's signed Kundagh Johnny.
I really enjoy your show.
I don't know what people are talking about.
It's not good anymore.
No offense but your just as grumpy as ever which is what makes your show so special.
Everything else on the radio down here pales in comparison to your show.
That's correct.
That's the predicament of this economy.
Companies just want to cut everybody's paycheck instead of offering
something higher quality increasingly competitive market
into a surprise when nothing changes.
The reason I'm writing you is to tell you to watch out.
Pretty soon 940 WINZ or America is going to drop their format and switch to sports stock.
No kidding.
No Schmidt.
Johnny.
I really thought the radio market couldn't get anymore oversaturated with sports stations
after Man Talks X40 became sports but I guess it was wrong.
Please continue doing what you do and providing a safe haven for people
who don't want to hear about sports 24-7.
P.S. Can you play the parody of Will Smith's men and black?
Here come the F.A.G.s.
I love that song when you played it years ago.
I just played it a little while ago just for Kundagh Johnny.
There you go Johnny.
And let's do charge.
Watch out.
Air America is going all the way like that's a bulletin.
Like we're not on top of the yeah.
Oh look out.
Are you going to start with that little Richard crap?
Yes.
Go ahead.
I aim to.
Here's Westy and Lakeland another chronic.
He says I recall two episodes about consuming humans eating people.
One was a Hitchcock called specialty of the house and the Twilight Zone wanted to serve man
which was the mission statement of the exclusive club.
I think you had to wear a jacket.
That's right.
It had to be properly dressed to eat man.
Well done or meeting well as you please as Westy and Lakeland.
I would think you'd probably want to at least meet him well.
Neville maybe well done little crispy
like fat shows ass.
I grow up that's what I want to do.
Now it's run by 3D quarter and holes and suits.
That will be there about the bottom why not you.
They are a different different power as the wind.
We got to see you always daddy bushes friends.
And so but so it's been for you to hear it today.
Baby, oh no.
Your brain was wired out.
Baby, oh no.
They confident.
We are trying to kill the lady of side.
We are trying to kill the lady of side.
It's been running as the challenge is gone.
It sounds the same no matter where you are.
The cyber radio you thought would take its place.
They know the satellites are warming out in space.
And by the way for $1,000 is the best.
And you like track ticket you saw to play on the end.
Game over yeah.
I didn't know.
Bring it.
It can kill the lady of side.
We're trying to kill the lady of side.
We're trying to kill the lady of side.
We're trying to kill the lady of side.
You don't care.
$12.33 at 5.60 WQM.
I think what you ought to do is get a signed document.
Everybody in the building ought to get a signed document from
Johnny Joe saying that there will be no further.
There will be no additional pay cuts.
Yeah, sure.
I'm just telling you right now.
Cover your ass man.
Oh, hi.
Yeah.
That's right.
What's the event him from saying?
Oh, nothing.
Nothing.
Another one of those meetings.
And then he announces, well, everybody's going to take a 25% pay cut.
Right.
Because it's a worldwide depression.
Jimmy Dorsky says, I'm growing increasingly horrified with the level of people
in this nation we'll stoop to in order to portray themselves as victims
who need coddling compensation or whatever else they're after.
Between the article you just read,
the 32nd Super Bowl porn mis-happen Tucson and a Florida couple whining on the news this morning
that their young son received a pornographic multimedia message on his brand new cell phone.
I don't know what else wrong with these people.
Hey, parents, while you're hovering over your children at the bus stop every morning,
protecting them from pedophiles, kidnappers, and whatever other boogieman you were afraid of,
use that time to explain to them that they're not the center of the universe.
And sometimes they'll have to deal with things they're not familiar with or prepared for.
And why does your nine-year-old need a cell phone anyway?
In case he needs to call AAA for a tow after he's wrecked your minivan while I for a joy ride
when you were glued to the latest episode of American Idol?
Man up, you soft parents.
You're raising a nation of fat, little, illiterate, oversensitive morons
who have a better grasp of their video game controller than they do on life.
Trading on the cell phone, buy them some books and feed them some GD vegetables you've
ferries. So it's Jimmy D. Sounds like he's a little worked up, don't it?
A little bit.
That was up 84 points. Let's have a party.
Put some lipstick on that pig. See if it was me
and somebody cost me my entire life savings and I was broke.
I was S.O.L.
I would want to kill somebody.
Yeah.
Whether it was N.R.O.L. or Edith Worldcom or
AskgeesMyAsk.com or Maria Sifulla Crap with bags under her eyes.com, you're like that.
Thank God for Ted David. He got off of that channel, man.
Because one day there'll be a day of reckoning and they'll just like bush and channy.
You reckon?
The day of reckoning will come, I reckon.
You think they'll get their come-up ends?
And let me tell you what's going to happen.
Go ahead!
Yeah, nothing.
That's right.
Because the public base is very, you know, and this is fantastic.
As bad as it was before, keeping everybody busy trying to like survive and pay the bills and
and get through life every day, now it's 100 times worse.
Because everybody's in a total panic.
Oh my God, we're in an oppression, isn't that yeah?
Here's one that says, the Wall Street flea shop in America is just one more
wolf pulled over the eyes of the ignorant sheep.
Americans have the most gullible people on earth.
They believe everything they see in here on the network news.
If they were told the something was beamed up to a spaceship and eaten,
CA something, what is that?
They would suck it up.
Oh, kill the cash.
I see.
If they were told the cash was beamed up to a spaceship and eaten, they would suck it up.
Come to think of it, where's that missing cash?
Oh, it was beamed up to a spaceship.
An eaten.
An eaten by a bunch of cash eaten goofballs.
Cajedying aliens.
Ed and four daughter Dale says the only female junior I've heard of is Rosemary
Homestor, Jr.
As you know, she was a jockey for a long time.
I believe she ran in the Kentucky Derby.
I think he means she rode in the Kentucky Derby.
She's still riding by the way.
Yeah, I think in Tampa, I do believe.
All right.
Rosemary Homestor, Jr., that's correct.
She's a jockey.
And maybe there was a Rosemary Homestor, Sr.
I know there was Joe Mars Jr.
And there was also a Joe Mars Sr.
So I guess first there has to be a junior like Jim Merrim and Jr.
And then the father becomes Jim Merrim and Sr.
Correct.
And it's a point of reference.
Right.
Like we say, looking at father one, which obviously wasn't the name of the movie.
Right.
But we say that as a point of reference.
Well, if you say that then people get all over the world.
Ron Neal, there was no movie called Godfather One.
Remember that?
They really do get bent on a shape about that knit.
Knit pickers, man.
Knit pickers.
I can't stand those pickers and knit pickers.
Although I do like picking my own nose.
Bet you in the winter, you're doing that a lot.
Oh, man.
Rusty's man.
Crosy is, oh, I like crusty though.
I like it a lot.
Yeah.
Crunchy.
No, chewy.
459 and a pool.
We got 500.
Look, that's good.
Oh, look at all these emails.
What's going on here?
Something happened.
Well, here's a story about a lovely lady.
How did we watch that crap?
You know, how do we watch that?
There's another another pool from Brandon.
What's the nicest place in Florida?
He's got a list of a whole bunch of places.
But he left off from what's the place where they have the nut house?
Arcadia.
Okay.
Isn't that that is the place where the nut house is?
I believe it is, yes.
Jimmy Dorsky is in a real surly mood.
He says, tell Lancelot to forward his comments about the poor radio signal
to the complaint department.
PS have never had African cuisine.
But if George is looking to eat people,
he should try the JC Penny dressing room at the Crow Ridge Mall.
No, not that way.
Oh, yeah.
Sure you are.
Cuban Jorge is on here too.
But all of a sudden, just when you least expected a bunch of crap coming.
Big rush on Jorge's.
Yeah.
A lot of a lot of Jorge's.
That's really shocking.
It's like the Chins of the Chinese phone book.
That would be like saying,
Hank's got more Chins of the Chinese phone book.
But we wouldn't say that.
How is the opera doing, by the way?
I haven't spoken to it lately.
The last email I got it wrong to serve man was a Twilight Zone episode,
but it was about alien visitors from outer space.
Richard Kyle, the guy famous for being
jaws in some James Bond films.
Kill.
Kill.
What do I call him Kyle?
Kill.
Played the main alien.
He endeared himself to the citizens of the earth by showing how he could make the world a better place.
And it goes on and on and on.
And then he had a good book.
It was a cookbook.
Now, what is this?
Hello, Neil.
Can you talk to Joe Bell for me?
I want to leave that fat ass Paul.
Big fan.
Good day.
Oh, young Ron.
Young Ron's looking for a job.
I would be surprised.
All that's still old stolen material.
And here's a link.
A link and an attachment.
And guess what happened to both of them?
What they disappeared?
Here's one that says I'm sitting in the Westwood Complex parking lot in your seawater in Orlando.
The QM signal is coming in loud and clear.
Yeah, that's because you're not close enough to keep it to get the 560 from there.
Maybe we could move our audience to Orlando.
A good idea.
Maybe a good idea.
And you know what would go over really big?
The first time they heard it?
Go ahead.
Eisner.
Oh, oh, real big in Orlando.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
You call that a penis?
Since the view is awareness campaign, this is take nine.
Hey.
Wayne.
Wayne is your cue.
Oh, right.
Anytime you're ready.
We're ready, Wayne.
Oh, hi.
This is Dwayne's dump of black tooth.
Telling you, if you do drugs this weekend, don't drive.
Wrong again, Dwayne.
It's don't do drugs.
Don't do drugs.
That's what I said.
Oh, it's not.
It's not even close to what you said.
You coming this booth I showed you how close it was, Sherlock.
We're going to do it again, Dwayne.
Say don't do drugs.
If you must drink this holiday, we can do not drive.
Take 12.
This is Dwayne's dump.
Wekins are for drugs.
Do drugs.
Okay, Dwayne.
Thank you very much for coming in.
I think with a little editing, we've got something we can use.
Don't do drugs.
And if you must drink this holiday, we can.
Don't drive.
All right.
That was by request by the way.
You obviously knew that.
Obviously, you didn't think I would play that willingly on my own.
So I was wrong.
I was wrong.
Dave Sager in Vegas says where the machines are tighter than ever, baby.
He says Nancy Sinatra's given name is Nancy Sandrust and not for junior.
Wow.
What are you doing?
He's offering a frank and Nancy Barbado, not not the horse.
Oh, I see.
So in this case, the chronic was right.
So is Dave.
Thanks Dave.
Well, what do you mean?
Nancy Sandrust and not for junior.
Nancy Barbado.
Barbados.
He was married a whole bunch of times, wasn't he?
Yeah.
You couldn't complain about his talent because he didn't have anything.
He was, boy, you talk about hype.
If you talk about the influence of the mob, good, Gali Miss Molly,
that scene with Al Martino in Vegas,
where they bring out the contract that Michael has Al Martino sign in,
to appear a few times a year.
And we thought you could talk some of your friends, you know?
Right.
Doing the same.
Jim, I do anything for my godfather.
That's why I can keep going out or why?
No.
He sucked.
That strips my conscience.
There is bitch.
Oh boy.
Can he really puke out of tune?
Why are you doing this?
Why not?
All the pranks in Optra all day in Forman.
Play some more.
I am.
Go ahead.
Can't stop me.
Go ahead.
I'm in the control.
That old black man.
That old pig.
That old pig.
It's still.
Oh boy.
That old black magic that you eat.
I'm in so well.
That's enough.
I'm going to puke.
Ordering chains for lunch today, by the way.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
They're giving me a homemade ginger chicken.
Do you ever have that crispy ginger chicken?
I think I have ginger.
Do you like chains?
Chess.
How about that?
That'll be good to see you pull.
Why are you doing this, Clint?
We all are.
While the white folk play.
While the white folk play.
I know he was black.
Now that I think about it, would you kill that crap?
Now that I think about it, I mean in German it is a lot of black Germans.
And in Amsteadown, of course, there's those islands people, man.
Cunts of them.
But in Italy, I'm trying to think if I saw like many black people in Italy.
I don't know.
Like in Rome.
Tell me.
It might come to be have no knee grows.
That was great.
Who was that?
I might forget.
It's the caller, just some guy talking to you.
He was the best.
Let off his question with that.
Yeah, I think he croaked or something.
Probably.
I think God punished him.
Probably shortly thereafter, yeah.
Well, here's one that says two people conned their way to woman's house in the
6500 block of Castaneda Street in Kroll Gables.
At 130 p.m., January 11, the victim made the three answers to doorbell to a man who said he was
the son of a contractor who worked on a roof.
The man said he had to check something on the roof, but he also needed a bucket of hot water.
A woman who was with the man went with the homeowner, the garage she got a bucket of hot water.
But the woman kept telling the homeowner that the water was not hot enough or they needed another bucket.
The homeowner realized she was being distracted, went into the house to find the man
rummaging through a desk door where she keeps jewelry and cash.
The homeowner picked up a bottle of vodka, waved at the man and woman tongue them to get out of
her house.
They got into the truck outside the house and sped away.
How do you like that?
She chased him away with a bottle of vodka.
Always going to have a big bottle of booze around.
Usually if you wave a bottle of vodka at me, I don't leave.
Or like a big bottle of tequila.
I know where I could find that.
Where?
Upstairs.
Big old bottle of tequila.
It's like you know it's like with a handle on it.
Like people have bandages in the medicine cabinet.
Uh-huh.
Well in a Mexican household there's always a big bottle of tequila.
I have no idea.
Big is a house.
What do you mean you had no idea?
You're talking about the idea.
What do you mean what?
What do you presume that I know about Mexicans?
Nothing.
That's why you talk such crap.
Although all of it's true.
I said I had no idea.
Yeah you do.
Jorge says show his great.
I love that go ahead bit.
I laugh out loud while I hear it.
Although I hate Chris Matthews because I'm a self-hating right wing hulio.
If you're taking a request Duane's stomp is the best see there was.
All right.
Follow the long list.
Take care Cuban George PS your boy Obama's off to a great start not.
I wonder if there are any liberals paying taxes.
No.
Let's increase the alleged stimulus package to five trillion
by adding another 500 in for street painting.
Good idea.
These two weeks have seemed like two years.
Great job on electing a guy with no business experience and no executive.
Yeah George W.
He had some good business experience.
I mean when you can go into the oil business and go out of business and go bankrupt
you really have a business man.
Let's face it man they're all like they are what they are.
Just the one with the one we got now he just talks a really great game.
He's you know he's inspirationally talks great.
They're not doing too good a job of vetting the cabinet appointments but nevertheless.
Oh please.
Pay your tax.
How about to the tune of read a book.
Pay your tax pay your tax pay your mother's scratch and tax.
What do you think?
Sounds great.
Got some possibilities.
Do we have Greek on that pull of the food?
I don't know what we got already Senator Greek.
Although I don't I don't think I like Greek cuisine.
I like um what do they call the dessert?
Baklava.
Baklava.
Oh anybody doesn't like that has got no taste of it.
Too sweet.
Too sweet.
I like it sweet.
It's the diet of E.D.s.
Yeah so.
Oi.
You don't love Baklava.
It is good.
It's just a two sweet with phylo dough.
Is that what they call it?
Yes.
Phylo dough or phylo dough?
I take a pick.
Feel this.
No.
Go ahead.
Oh no.
When I least expected it.
Well you know here it is it's minus a billion.
Freezing I mean like the end of the world.
And in fact last key yesterday was the win two was minus 24 and this morning minus 28.
And the poor people are floored.
Oh gee it's so cool.
So here's this big article in the Herald by Evan Ben,
Jennifer Mooney, Piedra and Jose Pagliari.
I wonder if he's kind of Mike Pagliarudo who used to play third base for the Hori Keynes.
Vomble loves out photo grab your gloves hats and scarves.
I still say I don't wear gloves.
I've got some somewhere but I would never wear gloves.
Do you?
When I used to have to spend a lot of time outside like when you go in sliding or skiing or
you know.
Well I don't do those.
Right.
No otherwise no you just stick your hands in your pockets.
That's the cold outside.
It says a blast of Arctic temperatures is swept
to South Florida for the past few days bringing temperatures into the 30s
in some inland areas overnight Wednesday.
Oh windy conditions across the region.
Oh by the way tomorrow being.
Oh we don't have a restaurant thing today but it's already almost one o'clock
so they know that.
We'll have one next week.
And the good news is from last week Echoracini finally sold out.
Maybe the word got around about how damn good the food was.
Cause free was in heaven.
And even though we had like 20 something well they were playing games with it during the show.
I heard that and then like the next day they all got sold out legit.
And tomorrow is our picked the pony deal so go to wqm.com.
That's where you'll find the link to sign up for it.
In fact I said to flea shouldn't we be having like a liner or something that people
could read about that or shouldn't we be doing.
Oh yeah you're right man man man man.
I mean he's a good guy but he's you know full of crap like everybody else.
Talks a good game but full of crap.
It says keep the blankets on hand for tonight when temperatures are expected to be back in the
40s. Oh how I wish the chill will stick around Friday morning and gradually warm up just in time
for the weekend.
All right.
Oh Dave DeVol has retiring in April.
Who?
Dave DeVol.
He's the weather guy on CT CFTO CTV news.
He's been on there for 50 years.
I watch Dave DeVol every night religiously 625 pm on CFTO and April he's retiring.
I mean when a guy's been doing something for 50 years he's like part of the part of your
family he's like part of your household part of the woodwork or anything or not.
But at least he's retiring with clasps you know as opposed to being pushed out like they did
to weave for the weatherman in Channel 4 at the NBC NBC 6 whatever the hell it was.
And then of course he died you know this this happens all the time.
They screw over the good people and the people who be loved by all and then they die fast.
You gray robbers at NBC 6 you people should only croak what you did above weaver.
Should only croak a wicket and then of course Tony cigaretteo.
What about him?
What about him?
I think Tony cigaretteo and Jimmy Cifalitica are the same person.
By Saturday high temperatures expected to reach in the mid 70s with lows in the mid 50s.
All right forecast you say they expect this morning's deep chill to be the last
frigid morning for a while no more cold fronts on the radar.
Thanks God.
Oh brother.
And now it's got a list of all the crops that they have to protect.
It's the peak of Florida's winter growing season with citrus strawberries, blueberries
or doesn't say raspberries sweet corn and tomatoes now being harvested.
Tina Borac owner of Tina's pride in home said which grows tomatoes herbs peppers and lettuce.
Lettices it says lettices is that like cheeses?
Yes.
Jesus Christ lettices says the chill is a major concern.
Everyone should be worried she said if we lose the vegetables here that means there won't be
anything in the grocery stores.
No there won't be any veggies there'll be just a lot of food that people like.
Like hamburger helper and cram like that.
You know something I think I just inspired myself.
Gonna have some hamburger helper.
I haven't cooked up a pile of that in years.
I remember how I told you when I was in Syracida and I got up to 266 and the high blood pressure
was causing those pounding headaches and sweating and I went to the doctor he said you're
gonna be dead pretty soon if you don't cut the cram and I lost 100 pounds.
But he used to make the whole box of hamburger helper with a pound of ground beef.
Yeah.
And then take those big cans of Hawaiian punch with sugar.
Oh boy.
Totally.
And down a whole thing- a whole pot.
Of hamburger helper with a tick.
Sugar leid in huay in punch.
Yeah.
And I'm still alive to talk about it.
Oh no.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry I was filmed.
It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon.
You talk that need your mama
Get out of the woods, cause we're the old mama
Don't care, his name is not just my ghost mama
Candidates!
Lost the crime, are you not crying if I want to?
Cry if I want to, cry if I want to
Now I'm so sad they want me to resign
Tell it everyone's I'm
Love's highest number nine
Oh, you're tight
Don't let go, but it's tight
I can't spend no, don't, don't
Well, I saw him on the Oprah television show
Saying he is a man, but to me he looks like a mama
I wanna get things done, I'm only 70 while my king
That Reverend Wright
He must be crazy
We read record traffic once again
We're the old are your companies
Thinking are you running for problems again?
But he's gone, he's gone, don't leave me
Go, go, hello, higher and higher
I had enough, there I came alive
Done with the game
For I can't win again
So it's good by the time for the rest of the show
All the guys I have a say are so weird
Proof of the proof, of the threat, five and a chest
Hey, Fred, you're a future hall of fame
But now you're on a team that will not be any labor
For the winner
Michael Phelps, the man in the swimming caprily
And all the love for President
When you think it's a huge event
I picked a girl from Alaska
A very nice pair of paintings
Are you ready for the good day?
A different component
Yeah, we got the cane and a bomb until the gun gets this thing started
Fold it down, down, down, down, don't get down
A no-situ reflection on slimming
A step from everything I just do it
But we're dropping that high-pitched forest, get you a food
It's just a bell, it's the bell I built
And I'm debating it on Capitol Hill
Baby, baby, OG's going to jail
For the robbery and that is the verdict, got him nailed
I'm not a doctor, I'm Joe the Plumber
A hard worker, don't drive a llama
We're the big three
We're the big three
Christler, yeah, four
We are the jersew floor, private jazz
And then said, we're four
We're the big four
We're the little, it's better right now
We're used to be high
You've got to flip smile up till you're white
And try to guess, it's coming way down
George has to duck some footwear
During that farewell speech
A couple of sides to win flying
They came up at a right feet speed
We're moving on up, moving on up
Still the white heart
Kick the roof of the kids right out
Moving on up, moving on up
And see what new heart, moving on up
And moving in with no money down
Oh, I sure like that, that's a good piece of production there
Oh, you should play it once and then that's enough, Neil
No
Yeah, they're all instructors, man
All broadcast instructors
Don't do this and do that and do this and do that
And do da, do da
Well, that's Johnny Dork again
Don't start picking on Johnny Dork
So I'm going to order chinks in a little while
And I have a feeling that they're going to deliver it before the show is over
Okay
So just be prepared
When I say, oh, the foods here, they're not going to deliver just say, go ahead
Yeah, well, like that
And anyway, Brandon says hamburger help for his excellent
When I'm lazy and really don't feel like cooking a real meal, I cook that up
My favorite side of lasagna, beef stroganoff and cheeseburger macaroni
Oh, boy, I like all three of those a lot
Don't you?
Yep
Especially the beef stroganoff
And the cheeseburger macaroni
It's all, I mean, I don't know what to say about it
It's all chemicals, I'm sure
Right?
All that powder
Yep
Chemicals are chemical feast
And you know something, we're still alive
And maybe there wouldn't be any cancer if we weren't eating all those chemicals
What do you think about that?
But there was cancer a long time ago
Right?
How do you explain that?
I don't know
Everything has a carcinogen, the air that we breathe and the water that we drink
And the food that we eat and yet there was cancer a long time ago
Right?
Yeah
I mean, we used to have a cancer in this place
And then they excised him
They chopped out the tumor
And ever since he left things to go downhill fast, boy
He was the meanstay
And in a negative, bizarre way
His presence was significant to us being around
Yep
And then in the first thing Jolly Joe Bell did
Oh, a Moe Howard David was done his last show on QM
And he calls me up to an outset to me like something he should be proud of
Am I supposed to have been?
Oh no
No more Moe?
No more Shmo?
I'm picking two to four Moe and Jolly
Sounds great, the character is not the real people, right?
Right
Haven't I said that for a long time?
We got 504 votes by the way we can go now
504
You got it?
Got it
I'm not going to read the result because it's
I don't know, maybe it's me
Maybe it's just getting burned out on the poles
None of them really like me on fire
I like that one about the ethnic foods, that's good
Of course it's adding like you said will win hands down your pants
Right
You go into almost any city of any size and there's a zillion
Attitue restaurants there might be a couple of Mexican restaurants
Few chinks
Chinks careful what Chinese one
And and maybe a Greek restaurant
Right right maybe a tie
And what else?
That's it
Bottom line is Italian restaurants on every freaking block practically
Right that's right at different levels of
With the red and white tablecloths that's right
Just delivery and all the appetizers and you got your fancy fancy
A 1.7 million dollar court settlement in the twin cities Minneapolis St. Paul
Is being announced today by a long time legal defender of Catholic clergy sex abuse victims
And a centuries old Catholic religious order with an outpost south of Lake Millilax
Whatever that is
Lake Millilax
Sounds like lilacs
You were smell lilacs?
Yeah I love them
St. Paul attorney Jeff Anderson said along with the money the
Crosier's Catholic religious order involved in this abuse is required to make public the names of the living perpetrators with credible allegations made against them
Anderson said that a series of abuse prevention steps will also be revealed
The cases involve nine men who were sexually assaulted as boys by the closure clerks in the 60s 70s or 80s
As part of the settlement Anderson said the Crosier's will disclose documents regarding the abusers
Through this settlement working to respond to these men with a sense of justice
And we hope this settlement helps them move toward peace of heart and healing in their lives
The statement names four of the perpetrators two of them Gabriel Guerrero and Greg Madigan continue as members of the Crosier order
And remember Joe Crosier he used to be the coach of the Rochester Amherst
Hockey guy
And for Joe Crosier?
Nope
They were named in 2002 report of a Crosier commission investigation and it goes on and on
But it'll be a bit about the seminary at O'Namia was truly a house of horror as they said
People were abused and suffered in silence and shame
Well good old time religion baby old god that's good
So that's all about Brian says Neil why does WQAM coming like a local station in Orlando
You have a stronger station like 940 doesn't come in at all probably because they're directional
I don't I don't know
I mean I work there and I'm trying to think if we went 50,000 miles while I was there I don't remember
But I know I and Z's directional at night I mean badly directional at night
I don't know but at least we come in somewhere good let's hear it for a signal in Orlando
Let's get those diaries in Orlando going
And you're always saying about how the emails are all fake
Now you've got one of these but you never even mentioned it to me and I got one from my good close personal friend Dave Halberstam
What's that?
An email
Okay
You didn't get it?
No
Says I sent a copy of this to George but I'm unsure if you received it
Sorry for the repetition I've been away
He might have used the wrong email I don't know I never got anything from him
Well there you go
It's their column I did for Yahoo sports and it's got a link to it
The labeling of this list is a bit of a mess now where we talked about it the other day Tom jikas sent it along and Tom really botched it all up Dave
He butchered it and he got me to butcher it too because he said well how come Harry carries it out on here and Bob prints
Because there weren't network sports casters
Tom
Anyway it says it's really the most impactful if you never a TV sports announcers of all time as opposed to the best
Please be mindful it's only network TV no local team announcers
For example mouse burger stirred because of his overall impact on network TV pioneering NFL studio shows in the 70s
Doing play by play at the highest levels final four BCS championship NBA finals and then rising from the ashes after his well publicized firing from CBS in 1990
He earned his ranking because of his cumulative success not because of his play by playability
Same with the others it's a historical assessment
There is a capsule of each select the Yahoo also had one but writers do a 50 worst to which there were thousands of responses
I wonder why Jimmy Cifillitic was not on that list Dave
Jimmy Cifillis he certainly probably was put together before his horrible anxious work began
So what's the story about these rumors about the ganky getting blown out of these UOM games and the Jimmy Cifillis getting blown out of the Dalton cast
Wouldn't that be sensational?
I'm not going to talk about eight hours a day
Hiding in the wheel well
You wear your car-hards with pride as you strategically arrange your orange dust caps and endure the obscene gestures of the drivers you are so gallantly trying to protect
Rest for people of rain
After your three hour lunch break you make another pass replacing the pylons so recklessly knocked over by old ladies and student drivers
Make a left of the lights
With your tibaland boots giving you a confidence try you pick up those cones faster than a battalica rodea knife
Broughting your form into patch you on the back and say job well done
Hank Owl
So we salute you Mr. Road cone placement engineer your hard-hack your reflected best and your new last name
You are a real American a-hole
Okay, one 18 thank you so much at five sixty WQA. I'm Scott and panelists park is back
All right, he says my board again gun nut neighbors are NASCAR fanatics. This isn't regarded the earlier pull we had okay let's put that one on there again go ahead
Go ahead they have they have parties which we've never been invited to not that the wife and I would go anyway
Whenever there's a race on and they fly NASCAR flags as well as the Confederate flags 24-7
They think that Dale earn hearts
Something is gonna rise up from the dead you're gonna you keep forgetting on me to tell me about this his wife I know I wrote it down to I
Saw the sport. It's an effing cults the scum panels park NASCAR I don't understand the whole thing you know round round
And whoa, you know waiting for somebody to crash and get killed and hopefully a lot of blood and guts is
Isn't that what it's all about sure
NASCAR of course your good close personal friend Joe Castello who's still wiping his ass from back to front he would be upset for me to say that so I won't say it okay
And what what is with all these Catholic pre-stories? Well, I think that one guy had a point
God the Archdiocese of Boston continuing its long slow effort to rebuild an annual fund drive
Decimated by the sex abuse crisis is today announcing it raised 15.1 million dollars in its 2008 annual Catholic appeal up from 14.6 million in the previous year
I can't understand why can we start the church of you know tax free and beg for money. That's what they do sure
What's good for the goose is good for the gander? I think it's a religion
You're always talking about starting your own religion the church
God
And I'll split it with you all right
Come on here. We'll start begging for money based on the church tax exempt status of the church. We got a file for tax exempt though
The successful campaign is especially noteworthy
It's because it took place during a recession
All of the bulk of the fundraising was last spring before the stock market really tanked and job losses multiplied well, thanks a lot
Yeah, you got some nerve when we have baggy I'd the barter almost sending us that crap
peddling your garbage on there
Okay, so it makes sense if you listen to it that way right according to the Constitution if you're a group that and you're getting federal funds
Federal funds is taxpayer money then you should respect separation of church and state right?
Well the way that he wants to do this will respect the separation of church and state
I was in the oval office with him just an hour ago with all this council 15 of us and he said president Obama's faith initiative
Oh, boy. Oh my god
Included in the economic recovery and the stimulus package poverty as
Poverty reduction as a gold of this administration
Reduction of a boy get your religious horse crap out of our money get it out right now. Okay, stop stop in the name of love and the name of Jesus
In the name of Avram Solomon stop
They just can't they can't help themselves can they nope
Anyway getting back to this thing about the the arstices of Boston
The campaign is the most important annual fund rather the arstices supports the central offices now located in brain tree mass
Which provided services to Catholic schools and perishes
Formally called the Catholic the Cardinals appeal the campaign that picked at 17.2 million in 2000
Bill punched only 8.8 million in 2002 at the head of the abuse crisis
Cardinal Sean P. O'Malley not a big fan of his own celebrity renamed the campaign to reduce its associate
Association with the personage of the cardinal and
Set an unstate of gold rebuilding the campaign by a million dollars a year
Well you people are want to give all these travel estiers your money go right ahead all this tax free money so they can for a fun and profit
And they can diddle diddle while they work remember that song whistle while you work they diddle while they work
Religion and politics what a that's my psychic powers again Baptist organization that can't counsel troubled kids
This organization was getting federal funds. She told the organization look. I'm a lesbian
But I really want to help these troubled kids. I have all this experience. I want to be a counselor
They said okay sure no problem. All right, so she starts working for the organization the next thing
You know a picture circulates of her and her partner and she's fired so and and her thought is you know
Why why can't I be gay and and work for an organization?
That gets funds from the government if I'm just doing my job
Judging by sexual orientation
Well first of all faith based or organizations have different policies. I'm I run a faith base or
Organization and we hire gay people. It isn't a problem for us. Well, isn't that sweet. They're tolerant. They tolerate us fags like me
Andrew says the Neal cons in evangelist must be having a cow in a half right now
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is in the hospital for pancreatic cancer
If she dies or retires
Obamacates to pick a human being for replacement in the Supreme Court. Jesus. I bet the Republicans are wishing this would have happened three weeks sooner
They're having a cow
The Neal cons are having a cow for lunch. Hmm. I mean move
No, no, I still don't and never got an answer not just from you, but for anybody else how we determine
What animals are in a bowl and which ones are not I'm not talking about religious crap
I'm just talking about in general. We've had that discussion before have we we have
Yeah, it's I mean, it's very arbitrary according to the various cultures as you know
We're gonna get into any specific ones, but generally speaking the animals that we use as pets or that look like us
We have a problem eating them like mice and rats. No
Those are nasty animals
Vermin so we don't eat them. They've say you're begging for chronic status Rose very homesters a long time horse trainer ex-Jockey
He's not an ex-Jockey. She's still riding
I believe she just had some horses a cullter her daughter uses junior so it was to avoid confusion with her mom
And by the way rosy juniors very cute. There are posters out there, but she's no Jessica Pacheco
Forgiveness it's been done, but how about a pull on the one celebrity you'd like to kill so we never hear from them again
Oh, that's bad
Now this guy is just
954 with one pornographic not funny joke after another one
Edda James has last out a Beyonce weeks after Beyonce saying James classic at last for the Obama's first-ancetine
Algaration at a concert in Seattle last week editor of the crowd. I tell you that woman
He had singing for him and singing my song. She's gonna get her ass whooped
Circasticly calling her the great Beyonce and she went on. I can't stand Beyonce
She had no business singing my song that I've been singing forever
She even slammed the president himself. You know you're mr. Prez you know you're president right?
You know the one with the big ears. He ain't my president. How do you like that bitch? Edda James
James was unable to attend the inauguration for health reasons and she's bitter about it and
Pick it on our president. How do you like that bitch? Huh? Mm-hmm
Cliff and Kendall reports on Edda James member Edda James. Yeah, nobody else does
The economy is shrinking winter light of fire, but I couldn't afford the matches
Don't say it she covered her ears, but could still hear his voice
Recession let's go back to Morocco. I can't I have you have us up prime
Recession she took it all my house my car
Recession my heart you could never afford me she never said why but I knew I have to let you go
She had a black card
And a pink slip
It's not a word it's a feeling
Recession the new fragrance from Calvin Klein recession
Available big lots
All right
129 I'm gonna get some and smear it all over myself. I'm gonna take a bath
542 votes on a pool pretty good. Which of these places would you never be called dead at gay bar 137
NASCAR event 115 in fact the brand is having attended NASCAR event at home said 2000 myself
I will tell you was the absolute most boring four or five hours I've ever spent in my life
Church 77 Westland mall T room 68
Nunes colony 35 swingers Club 30 golf course 20 Miami Highline 19 Walmart 17 cruise ship 15 adult books to our porno theater 9
Here's one that says Houston's number one
Well, this is rich in Orlando a senior restaurant correspondent central Florida division for the Georgia Rodrigo show
I see one of your people I didn't even know why I had such a division what you do?
When the restaurant industry research is public popularity top the top up scale restaurant for last several years has been Houston's over number two the cheesecake factory
In fact, when I think of the cheesecake factory, I think of number two
So while you may hate the place the cheesecake factory gets a lot of support however
Houston's a smaller more intimate and serves great food
It would also be my number once his rich in fact my niece is a server at Houston's and quit the cheesecake factory for the opportunity to work at the
Adventure location
He says that Houston's will send you home if you have a wrinkle in your shirt
Houston's is pricier but more sophisticated than cheesecake and equality is great
By the way my niece is a senior at FIU with a double major want to be funny when she finds out that the job she gets out of college will pay a
Hell of a lot less than serving tables at Houston's it'll be really funny. Yeah, not
Carnie says about cancers
Seriously guys, there is a cure for cancer that the government tries to hide
Apricot seeds or do you say apricot and like to mix it up? I can't stand people say apricot
Apricot seeds there's a tribe of people called the Hunza who live in the Afghan Mountains and for centuries
They lived off and treated apricot seeds their currency is apricot seeds
They're one of the few civilizations that don't develop cancer because the vitamin B-17 that's abundant in the apricot seeds
How do you like that?
What's terrible is that the government will allow the sale of apricot seeds that help food stores and such
But it's illegal for there to be any verbiage about the properties the seeds have to eliminate cancer cells
Cancer is a multi-billion dollar enterprise in America
That's correct and this remedy's been known and covered up for many years in Germany and Sweden
There are cancer clinics where patients are given cycles of the seeds and usually cured in a few months
I've lost many friends to cancer and just learned about this while researching ancient medicines
Please read this maybe we can save some lives together. Go ahead. Go ahead. It says go ahead
Apricot seeds
Now we're not gonna find apricot seeds
Health food store in the middle of apricots
I like apricots. I'm sure that you know I love them
Would you say such a thing because you know like good stuff like broccoli and broccoli? Oh
What a comparison apricots and broccoli
Anything that's good for you you don't like what I'm sure
Like not like you. No, I don't need healthy like you. I didn't say I did
I'm not I'm not setting myself up as a pillar of dietary excellence
I'm a son and I eat cramp
It was just howding hamburger helper tastes like it sounds
Bwally Bwally
It's a matter of fact for dinner last night off of a faye
I got some broccoli all grotton. It was outrageously good
In fact a Ruth Chris one of the best sides is the broccoli all rotten and
Spinach all grotton you probably don't like spinach either. I don't you know it well. Why not? It's yucky
I like it's not a delicious man like a spinach salad Ross finish yet
No, not Ross finish
Who wants to eat it raw?
Moussi you say you don't like mushy beans nothing's a moushier than spinach nothing
Well, I got something moushier than spinach. I'll say you some really
Yeah, that's what it sounds like
Here's one from Jerry. It's about Mo
What do you know an email about Mo? Hey listen if they had my bell rings my phone
It's gonna be the guy and I got to go and punch in my code to open the door downstairs
Okay, so I'll run out of here real fast
and
Then of course like a minute later he'll come knocking on the door with my chain's delivery
But supposedly it's two o'clock, so I think I timed it well
It says I used to love the Neil versus most stuff
I would listen to Mo after you guys were off to hear his rabbit responses
This is of course when Mo was doing two to four
One of the funniest was that he said something like if management continues to support the previous show as long as they've
He'll be satisfied doing nothing for the next four hours
He then took a call the caller started out by saying something like Howard. This is a talk show
It's a sports talk show and the kind of stuff Neil does is not good something like that
Mo said thanks then the caller said I've been listening you for the last half hour and a no time did you say?
Oh, that was it for me. So is Jerry that was it for him
Now
Maybe you can explain this to me, but mama B who generally sends me some pretty good crap
Sends me some advice on the print margins, you know, and I try to print these articles out and the right head
The just as it's just annoying as hell the right margin always gets chopped off
Neil if you upgrade to Internet Explorer 7 your print margin outlook or Express will be fixed
You should always windows update periodically to keep your computer safe just press the start button and press Windows update
That is correct. It is yes. We'll do it tomorrow if you want really yes
Let me put this over here in my let's do it soon pile. Okay. What do you think sounds great?
Here's one from Maddie
Who says I think these perverts need to be put in jail immediately and why don't any of them?
When are I gonna need these on my cell phone?
Chicago though youth is fleeting images sent on the cell phone or posted online may not be especially if they're naughty
Teenagers have a distributed nude cell portraits electronically often called sexting if it's done by cell phone as
Parents and school administrators worry some prosecutors have begun charging teens who send and receive images with child pornography and other
Serious felonies, but is that the best way to handle it? Question mark
Hopefully we'll get the message out to these kids said Michael McAlexander a prosecutor in Allen County
Which includes Fort Wayne a?
Teenage boy there is facing a felony of sanity charges for allegedly sending a photo of his private parts to several female classmates
Another boy was recently charged with child pornography in a similar case
In some cases the photos are sent to harass other teens are get attention other times their viewed as high-tech way to flirt
Either way law enforcement official monitor stop even if it means threatening to add sex offender to a juvenile's confidential record
We don't want to throw these kids in jail make it McAlexander says we want them to think
Think like your ether says think you got that song think yep an Atlantic records your ether Franklin without that stupid hat
Think
Think come on you got it. It's called respect
Oh
Yeah, it's right
Where is it
Oh wait
I think it's a song called think that's
Sorry, yeah, thank
You are so off
See there you go you better stay
That's not even close
same ballpark with RDSK ECX YZ LSMLFT lucky Stracklings find them back
Okay, so no
This month in Greensburg, Pennsylvania three high school girls who sent semi nude photos and four male students who received them
We're all hit with kitty porn charges and in Newark, Ohio a 15-year-old high school girl faced similar charges
Presenting her own racy cell phones photos the classmates
She eventually agreed to occur few no cell phone no one supervised internet usage over the next few months
If she complies the charges will be dropped if not off with there are things
The other night
What's there of fight on the heart of July
Cuz now his cousins dead are falling in the head
What happened we don't know
Something fishy smells but he won't tell
So well as Brian
What did you do?
What did you do
Not so long
He was standing on his folks
And he was
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
It's hard to understand it wasn't
Accident with two shots lying
I don't know why your age and crew
claims the cops reports on truth
I want to know
Ryan
What did you do
To leave
Or just maybe
What did you do
What
What did you do
Yes
Now he's gone
And from this moment on
We're asking Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
You did
You failed
How's that blades boys do by the way any of them still lie how they do 145 it was just a rhetorical question
But of course if you want to give me an answer to the rhetorical question
Go ahead
Go ahead
That's what I was going to say
But don't do it
Alright
Mama Bees is just a word of warning if you haven't run windows update in a while
It could take a long time to download and install all the updates
You might have to cancel in the middle of it doesn't finish before the show
This is probably perhaps probably preferable to do it after the show
I'll do it tomorrow morning before the show
Actually with the latest Windows XP service pack three Windows runs faster
What does that mean?
Faster is like the opposite of slower
No I'm not only what is faster mean by me what is the I don't I don't get it
We'll talk about it in the morning off here because it's really boring and fun
But thanks a lot to Mama Bees
We ought to be fine
Because if I can get rid of that chopped off right hand margin
Oh, oh happy day
That'll make that that'll make this thing perfect
Nigel says I was just about to bitch George out for playing the wrong song
You're going to get your your re through a straight mister
Because you sure don't know it
When I grow up I want to be perfect like you respect good God
Like I'm some kind of a mold moron like I don't know there's a song called Think
I can see the label now Atlantic records red and white
You see it?
Oh look at that
Yeah, I'm looking at it right now
Red and white in the label too
Carnegie says thanks for reading that about the apricot seeds
You can get seeds here in many online nutritional stores it's got a link
Just Google apricot seeds anybody I said I'm not going to like go through a whole thing with a link
We're not going to start peddling apricot seeds
It says they don't taste very good but you can mix them in apple sauce or whatever you like
I take about 10 a day
Well who now cares if they taste real good if they're good for you right?
Right
Apricot seeds
Maybe we'll start a run on
In fact maybe when I go to wood buying a little later on about three o'clock after lunch
Maybe I can take some apricot seeds what do you think?
Sounds great
Show them into machine mine
Show them in some other words damn Canadian currency
And when is America going to get rid of the dollar bill?
Oh
The loonies and tillies is where it's at man I'm telling you right now
Dollar and two dollar bills get rid of them
Dollar and two dollar coins and in fact it's just even in Europe you know the euro
I'm trying to think are there there are no five is a small stone nomination like here five dollar bill
Of course in Amsterdam they get like a lot of three dollar bills but that's beside the point
You better get there and get laid before it's too late
All the fun is going from Amsterdam they're closing everything down idiots
WB says pretty please I'd like to have that sound wave for go ahead probably make the best answering device message
I think the best answering devices
Yeah
Is it possible to stick the sound wave on the site?
Possible are we going to do it probably not?
All right never mind go ahead rip me I can feel the ripping coming out of the server
You're right
No I have to go into a long distance
It's just owns a computer that make a sound wave out of anything that they've heard us say or play
Any archives?
Yes
There you go
The whole freaking show right click save as and cut it up
Good point
In fact just in order him let's play
Go ahead
Go ahead
Go ahead
Go ahead
Go ahead
It would be a lot better but I never put a trip cue at the end of that thing
Oh well
I didn't figure I would need one I put it in the 360
Did you really like to go?
Go ahead
Excellent
Well maybe I'll stick it in mine you know if I decide I'll do a little bit of work I doubt it though
The doubt is up something I don't know what it is do you care I don't know no I don't either
A fool in his money or soon farted like the guy said before and I've said it a billion times it's like going to Vegas without the fun
Gambling
Say suit a intellectual former gambling investing your mind once upon a time many many moons ago there was like you know a chance
You'd invest your money and it would be safe and you'd make like a little bit of income and everything would be just fine you know
Oh we're fine but now it's just another scam
Here's one that says long time list or I love the show well thank god don't change anything about it
Especially the Moronic listeners I just watched the Oliver Stone Eric Bogosian movie talk radio I'm so sorry
I'm wondering if you knew Alan Berg the talk show host to movies based on no he was in Denver Alan Berg
From what I understand he was a confrontational guy in the year had many death threats before he was finally gunned down on the driveway
Was home by a Nazi group that targeted him for some time I tried finding some sound clips of his on the internet
I found nada I never heard him I don't think I mean Alan Burke we know
Missed your Burke to you dummy different guy different to deal also George were talking to you the day about how you need syrup to eat pancakes
What about fresh blueberry pancakes no that was Neil that was talking about needing syrup right I was saying I don't like pancakes
Period and when they're fresh and they're moist. They're delicious. It's his bluer pancakes. I'll take the blueberry waffles
Oh pancakes are just too bloody and non-disappointed. They're merely their moose. Yeah
And one last thing on today's pull about drivers I was looking to vote for drivers to refuse to move from the passing lanes while driving slow
But settled on the slow drivers choice Anthony and Tamarack thanks Anthony I don't think they drive too slow and Tamarack do they?
Oi God Richard says I listen to you when I'm making deliveries I really don't have a chance to participate
And so these are of course too late to add on to your pull or too late to bother make any significance one main
Ericsson on the road half of the intersections where you don't make the left turn you have to sit there another three minutes or so for your chance to turn left
Occasionally the first in line is not paying attention to the barrage of horns wait the driver up often the driver makes it through maybe maybe
One or two vehicles after that then you have to wait or run the light yeah
In fact, there was a Punjabi a limo guy a couple days ago
Coming back from wood buying the evening and he slowed down just before the stoplight just slow enough so that he would make it and I would not faster
And I wanted to roll the window down Punjabi Punjabi like that I didn't do it. I might have been a terrorist you know you might have thrown a bunch of curry off the window at me.
Boy you you wouldn't believe it man. I don't know what it is but like in different light like there is a lot of Haitian cab drivers right?
And here there are so many like engine cab drivers I also Iraqi and Iranian and led the lesbian ease and like that like my like my cab guy is a great guy.
Wasn't a great that we got almost to the end of the show and the phone didn't ring for the delivery spectat guy didn't compounding on the door.
Because that would be like unprofessional you know yeah professional what like you care exactly like I really cared more about the food that I do about finishing the show which I do care more about the food because that's coming up it's going to be good Chinese
Good.
565 votes on the pool man we kicked some serious smelly yesterday if you ask me.
I can smell it still.
Oh yeah.
Well I'm going to go eat that to the Chinese and maybe maybe smell even better and some food to what I get done.
