So what do you think, can they hear us today?
Hello!
WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 56670560 in date and brown.
In other counties, call toll free 877785 Neil
or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his collars,
do not represent those of WQAM management, cell or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560WQAM.
Hank is God. I love Hank. I'm having a gay affair with Hank.
All right.
Come on everybody.
You're lucky a man.
We gonna play again.
Say what?
We be slippin' through the rough.
Look the man.
Anybonyx be the name.
Yo, what you talkin' about?
You think a punk it's your work.
Guy, oh boy.
It busts some skills to make it right.
Got a bust of skills.
Check out what I've been kickin'.
What you talkin' about?
You haven't got a no time.
Show that.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus.
For pizza, for pizza, for pizza, for pizza.
Jesus.
Let me do a homie.
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
For nanopad, for home, for sea, for home, for home.
Home man.
Yo.
This be Anthony.
Get me a link of wrestling.
Vanopad, for bathroom, for bathroom, for bathroom.
Anthony.
Who's that ho?
Home homie, for home, for vanopad, for home, for sea, for home.
Oh, ho.
You be boin'
Oh, and boin'
So, boin'
So, nanopad, for home, for sea, for home, for home, for home, for home, for home, for home, for home.
I'm tryin' to look with butt.
Fourth, fourth, sixth, fourth, eighth, thirthough.
Sea, five, two, two.
Buck.
Leave volume.
Leave volume.
So, vato, stock, Вы меня,uming, Come on.
Walk, walk, walk, walk, Roberto.
that one email that I read to you now that's got to be the most bizarre thing I've ever gotten in my life in my life I
agree we'll get to it in a second but here's another one that just came in from Tim in Miami I don't want to start because yesterday
we had some serious technical difficulties and God only knows what's gonna happen today let me just punch up a line
wait a minute
QAM hello
Hello yes sir
Yes, it's a man here. Yes sounds like you
Okay, he was on a year for like a second. I guess maybe who's a line checker
Sounded okay though. Yeah sounded better and a lot of the crap we had yesterday
Well, he had some technical problems with the phone the signal was not so great yesterday
I'm wondering and how you said it's improved today. It sounded okay this morning coming in yeah
Tim in Miami says I apologize in advance if you cover this I didn't have the opportunity to listen to any radio programming yesterday
Is it just my radios, but what's up with the signal fading in and out?
It's like a washing machine on the general setting. Well, thank God. It's not on on a high cook, you know
It makes listening difficult if it's my radios ugly by another don't waste the money Tim. It's not your radio
I even had to go so far as tuning W.I.O.D for noise masking while I tried to sleep tonight
Imagine my horror finding Jimmy Cifilis starts to show at 5 a.m. Oh my god. Can you imagine his horror finding out that Jimmy Cifilis
No starts at 5 a.m. I can't even begin to imagine it Tim
No, it's not your radio don't go out and buy a new one. We got issues. Okay. Our signal is deteriorating rapidly like everything else in this place
deteriorating rapidly now
Imagine my amazement when I come in this room last night to check some stuff
Mm-hmm
And I look on the emails and here is one
Perhaps the most bizarre the most
I don't know what word to this used to describe it
821 p.m.
From a guy named John Maynilly subject your ratings now. I had never heard of John Maynilly. No mean either
I mean, excuse me for my naivete. I mean, I'm supposed to be a big radio maven and know all these important consultants water Sabo
We know as clown
But John Maynilly makes water Sabo seem like a radio genius by comparison
I'm going to read this slowly and deliberately
And keep in mind. This is not somebody I know somebody I ever heard of somebody. I've had any contact within my life
Neil you're too old-rich and arrogant to care
But this might matter to the young guys on your show will be unemployed soon the young guys
There's only one guy on the show and that's flea and his employment has got nothing to do with the show
He's doing the show gratis
The simple reason that you now have a 0.4 share is that no one wants to hear a jaded cynic read countless news articles
Rapidly and without even an inflection or interpretation
To fill time between 20 to 24 minutes of commercials per hour. You can't even be bothered to take phone calls anymore
But we just took one
Mm-hmm, and we don't have 20 to 24 minutes of spots
We have this is the only show on the radio station. It's got in the contract limited to 60 minutes of spots per hour four four minute breaks
But John's an expert on this show. I don't even know this guy. I have no idea who he is other than I googled him and he's a consultant
Here comes the great part you got high ratings with the former honor system diary method because your handful of listeners
claim they listen to every hour of your show all week my handful
They must have been the most powerful handful because when we had the diaries they changed every week
Every rating book was 12 weeks and each week they would change the sample different people had the diaries for only one week
Right
So amazing that my handful of listeners were able to control for 30 plus years
shocking
The new method of course records only actual listening john says
You Steve doll opian Anthony Tomlake is another once great talents who are content to cruise on fumes for the last several years
God will you deserve for the new system?
Enjoy your money in solitude, but remember that these days the new or re-sharad diamond doesn't
john main ellie new york city p.s
Leave it to abesely to think that your ratings crash lies within an under sampling of men 25 to 35
So what was the excuse last time when you had even less a 0.2
The last time we had a 1.3 which is still an embarrassing number
But you know we went from a point two to a point four to 1.3 in this new system
With this great panel
Are keeping my this this is from somebody. I don't know. I have nothing to do with
But he's a consultant, okay?
Does the name joe bell bring a bell with you come to mind when you hear about radio consultants
We have consultants and we got ding dong school and we're gonna do this
And never anything specific never anything constructive. I sent you a bell in email last night
In reference to this and saying that you know all it's been as negative just one negative after another
There's nothing constructive. There's there's oh, well. We know how to deal. We have people who know how to deal with a new system
About the rating system. Yeah. Well, what's the secret? Well, it's like you know who's behind door number one
Like dealer no deal you know what I'm saying?
Don't you find this to be just bizarre and explicable to see mail it is strange
I mean, I could understand if it came from some anonymous goofball listener out there that would be you know typical
But coming from a guy and I googled him broadcast media consultant and contractor greater New York City area
And his past experience talk radio TV consultant program director New York WFNY FM
Inhouse talents got W any WFM New York media reporter New York post program director W. O R New York W ABC in their talk reformat
Never on the air by the way another consultant who's never been on the air
Newswriter editor in LA San Francisco Boise Idaho
anchor producer WFLATV Tampa St. Pete
But never on the year but a consultant he can't do it, but he can tell everybody else how to do it
I'm too old rich and arrogant to care
But all you young guys on to show you better watch it. You're all going to be unemployed soon. Our big staff
Reading these countless news articles rapidly without even inflection interpretation. I guess John must be a glued online listening. I guess
often
Although he better start recounting the commercial load
And if he was listening yesterday would discover we took quite a few calls even in spite of the fact that the phone is
All screwed up. Yeah, WQ AM. Hello
Oh
Not blind Mike please cracker please
Look out now Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, yeah, you're back at the beach. Hold on a minute. Start recounting with commercial load
And if he was listening yesterday, it sounds really good
Well, what did he say? I couldn't understand where he said he said you're back at the beach. No
What does that mean the ocean waves behind you? Oh
Really I didn't hear any ocean waves. It sounded like hell of a lot better than that thing we heard yesterday. Oh, yeah
That sounded really really bad
Now let's let's see if this phone thing is working now
So you're telling me lines one through six are the toll-free lines. So like people how far does that extend like 15 miles or something?
That I don't know
Definitely not out of Florida
That I know for sure because we already been through this once before
Now let me let me Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, yes, what what number are you calling sir? Huh? Are you calling the toll-free number the 877 number? Yeah, oh, okay
Yeah, what do you got? I'm made in my hand the radio sounds kind of so good
But sort of that guy's please that guy you don't pay that for
Yeah
Well, maybe he's underwater too maybe we're on the Titanic ready to hit the ocean floor that could be it. I sure feel like it many days
John Maynellie consultant in New York
Who writes to me a scathing
Now the this thing about you got high ratings with a former honor system diary method
It's just amusing to me. It's like saying oh when you never went any good anyway
You never really had an audience who was just fanted because of the diaries just all wired diaries every month of every book for 30 plus years
Wow talk about good luck
Even it would buy an I never had luck like that
Even unzated during that morning show when we kicked everybody's ass in the morning
For a year and you can go back and look at those numbers. They must have all been wired diaries
We know how to play the diary game Neil, but now we have to learn to play the new system. Yeah
I
Talk about people thrashing about
I mean seriously if you if you want to say goodbye to somebody just say goodbye, right? Yeah
Work out some kind of a deal and say goodbye without going through all of this angst and grief and BS
Surras
But these people can't do that they have to play this agony game. How much can he endure? Well, I think you'll be really surprised
If I've endured 33 years in this market working for some real bozos along the way, I can endure quite a bit
And you'll notice that I do show up here every morning. Yep
They're set for Friday when I could have probably closed the 3-and-a-half noon
I still can't believe you said that on the air
See it's it's one thing if you believe that which I told you this morning you're wrong
It had to do with the lawyer's schedule
For the closing
But nevertheless it one thing if you believe it but to say it on the air actually sounds like I don't know not good
Why did you do it? It was just a fleeting comment. I didn't make a big deal out of it. A fleeting comment. Yeah
That would be like if I said well here the flea beats his wife, but anyway moving on wow just a
I don't see the comparison, but okay
Well, no, but I mean just a fleeting comment sure
This one is pretty interesting too, but I better do the break because we got our 45 minutes of spots
I'm just gonna read a bunch of and I'm gonna inflict hey everybody
And puke maybe I can do a puke thing you know
Enough of the puke can already okay without any inflection or
Interpretation and just reading a bunch of boring stories. That's right. That's all I do John main Ellie
I wouldn't be surprised if he and Joe Bell are doing something
Prominents after ten and five sixty WQM yeah, kid baby
Stern gets John main Ellie fired
The thing time just sent me to see me you'll find it most amazing. I took a call for the bonnets
They say the future beat right for me now again gets no job
Because I don't got no literacy
I was talking like an old me grow
If I had to start the house this way now I can't do nothing
But my heritage say that's okay
Change my name to shoot road drive a doosa in the quarter any Cadillac
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman dear Bob
Grind the blues about all the teeth white there was got snow job for the
Thought it by mixing my life of change now
Got you go and sell more back okay back okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
You're fairing
Learning what a boy is song
Ibonics makes me sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make more money
Never food sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing
Ibonics ain't getting me anywhere maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal the purse and pull her hair
Then I gonna take some money my isario and a frigid dad
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman dear Bob
Grind the blues about all the teeth white there was got snow job for the
Thought it by mixing my life of change now
Ha
God's to go with their mo crack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
Rack okay
1019 at 560 wcms. I guess Howard's listeners know who um John main Ellie is
Because I've gotten three or four different emails about him okay
I think this one summarizes it all best. It's his Howard Stern gets post to toss a critic
September 25 2006
Tag this story with bad idea John main Ellie went up against the king of all media by publishing a column in the New York post
It claimed Howard would leave his five-dimets serious and return to the yoke and harness of terrestrial radio
Not a big deal so far radar online said John was just passing on a rumor
That's true in a way, but not
The here's the whole story away
Here's the whole story at least the tasty parts of it it says
Though main Ellie was merely picking up a report from inside radio and industry trade
Stern chose to blast him rather than the source probably because main Ellie spiced up his story with another with other
Damaging details such as a rumor that Stern was having trouble booking high profile guests
And it lost popularity as an internet search term
Stern's Howard 100 news team called attention to main Ellie's consulting ties on air
And the reporting was picked up by journalism blog buzz machine.com
main Ellie then had a brief meeting with the posts
Topper call Allen either dump the consultant gigs for radio or say goodbye to your job with the post John said goodbye to the post
Oh, you know what I remember when that happened
I didn't remember his name, but I remember that story now from listening to Howard
I consider myself fired main Ellie tells the read or I can't live on what I earned from the post
I'm very disappointed. I'm really pissed off at Howard's journey says for now on anything
I write about him will have to have it a disclaimer
John main Ellie has an extra grind against this man
Here's a few reasons why John's departure from the post won't result in a lot of best wishes cards
Posted to the ex-post radio poster. It says but also came to let was man Ellie's primary source in the story
Was a common instrument side radio a publication that's about old-fashioned radio
And owned by a clear channel who not only owns tons of radio stations, but also an investor in xm
So you have a writer who gets paid by traditional radio sourcing another writer gets paid by traditional radio conglomerate
Spreading lies about a phenomenon happening on satellite radio
Don't try posting up the king of all media unless you want to get posterized in public it says
And then the other story the headline is stern gets John main Ellie fired
Etc
Well at any rate this is a slimy guy evidently from what the these articles all say
So maybe maybe he just you know is bored maybe he's sitting right up there in New York
I know I'd be bored as hell if I was in New York
820 on a Monday night and decided to write me that long caustic email
He is a consultant after all who knows who he's consulting at this point, you know, right
Who knows who inspired that caustic email maybe it was not joebell maybe it was your friends down the street
Well joebell came by the studio and then he said he didn't know anything about that guy
Really mm-hmm take that for what it's worth
Joe Bell is reporting to you is in it yeah, he came by the studio. He's like I don't I don't even know who that guy is
Like okay, tell Joe to go do some managing please go pee on the tower and get that signal boost up a little bit
Please he's just I'm just so involved with the show it just kind of scary doesn't it doesn't it scare you a little bit?
a little bit
It's like he's a part of it
Like he's he's in it
Ernie says hello Neil are you there? Hello is anybody there no signal again damn
Well, why would it be all that much better today? Why would it be that much different from Tuesday than it was on Monday
Rudy says as you came back from vacation where is George? I was non vacation a month vacation next week
Where is George? George is at home. He's fired. He's gone
Cost-cutting so they say
Everybody's getting fired
everybody's out
Wtq am hello
Good morning, you know yes sir. Good morning. Morning. I don't know what everybody was talking about
You saw it perfectly fine. Uh, compared to yesterday really great. Yeah, it's pretty good
Where are you? I mean, uh, I'll watch you on the road in high alia and yesterday. I heard the ocean waves, but today you're
Where the best thing that we got out of the ocean okay? I've been doing the backstroke for like 20 hours
And I've almost fell asleep with the wheel yesterday with all that soothing
Waves crashing
Hey, I know the thing I know you guys were talking briefly on the
closings
free I said that you can
Schedule the closing
Can you tell me one yeah, okay, because I got one coming up. They want to schedule one on Monday
Was the hell want to close on the Monday? I
Really doing a Friday move on my crap in but yeah
All right, good luck to pal good luck. Don't believe anything. Please says
What are you what are you smirking about? Why are you smircling? I'm sorry. I said it now. You ought to be Q.A.M. Hello
Thank God you finally fired towards Neil and thank God
WQ.A.M. Hello
Anything
Hi there. Yes, sir
And I was talking to some of my disciples uh
Yeah, some of your disciples yeah Reverend Schmuck back again in force with the boyfriend
Some of my disciples now. Let me ask you when are you going to get to the point where you're going to be able to do something with these calls
I'm hoping by maybe next week
Oh
Mark Johnson's got some housekeeping things here about radio boy. This is this is not a radio show anymore
It's a show about radio like that old guy you say it's a show within a show. It's uh, I don't know what it is
It's yeah, right. That's the idea you're not supposed to know what it is
John
Maynilly so um, he's not one of our consultants. I guess Walter Sabo is the guy who's going to be foisted on us, right?
Maybe that's supposed to really piss me off. I don't mind
I'm sure Walter can really impart some great suggestions
Don't you think and not as good as Clarence though. Well, I can't wait to hear him
Oh, wait a minute. Maybe this is from your buddy Jolly Joe. Yes, it is
Uh-oh
Oh
Here we go. You ready for this. Let me let me do the break. Let me tease it. Oh
My god, you will not believe
Wow
Chris Ackerman of Coleman Research. You know who that is. No
Whoa
Oh
Oh my god, it doesn't matter what you've done the last 30 years and the meter world all that matters is what you've done in the past 60 seconds
We need to be more concise and more compelling
Are we concise and compelling so far? I think we have been although nobody cares about John Maynilly
Although I did get a whole bunch of emails about him right away because he's involved with Stern
Or was and Stern got his ass fired and they rated it makes for some interesting their reading
1027 at 560 WQ AM
We'll always
I will always love
I will always love
1031 this is even funnier than the John Maynilly email. Okay
From your close personal buddy Jolly Joe who just came by to say does no John Maynilly
Mm-hmm
He says I didn't see the John Maynilly email you're referring do send me a copy
Regarding educating you on what do we call that because we can't say the letters on the newer rating system
Why can't we say the the thing? I don't know we just can't say it
Once the summer schedule starts we will have a show meeting every Tuesday and Thursday following the program at 2.15 p.m
That's gonna be about because we have a promotions meeting at 2.30 on Thursdays
Well, it's maybe it'll be a short show meeting. Okay
You're gonna have to re-re-re- listen this I'm sure this supersedes all your other uh
duties
With the big bucks you're getting paid for this show
Mm-hmm these meetings will include any info we come across regarding the new rating system as well as a discussion
What appears to be working and what's not working?
I'm asking Chris Akram and of Coleman research to conduct a webinar for all Beasley airtell
He did this for Philadelphia was very educational
I've given you some ideas which you quickly rejected Neil nobody cares about the weekly arbitrage numbers
Especially two hours worth of them
Everybody is tired of hearing how stupid I am how stupid choices how stupid josh is how stupid the bees these are how stupid the engineers are etc etc etc
Everybody is tired of it. Are you tired of it? No, well, you're not everybody
You're out now you're out of the loop
Is I mentioned to you last week a consultant friend of mine said it best
It doesn't matter what you've done in the past 30 years in the meter world all that matters is what you've done in the past 60 seconds
I mentioned that all of our hosts need to be more concise and more compelling
You can make fun of it all you want but the people who are winning in the new meter game are doing compelling radio
Yeah, like Paul and Ron they're doing compelling radio baby
Which is the first time in history they've been on here for a hundred years and now all of a sudden they're doing compelling radio
That's interesting
As for the technical nightmare the only place we're having problems is on your show
And I'm just guessing that it's because yesterday was their first day in the new studio
But I'm just guessing I'll pass this along to George Corso and follow up as always the engineering staff that you ridicule or get the problems fixed quickly
And closing here are a few more constructive points
Own up to the fact that the problems on the show are yours and do something about them
We're getting decent ratings before and after you're sure with the same panel
I think it's ironic that after all the years you bash the big O our ratings begin climbing at 2 p.m. When he goes on the air
When it's you do something constructive you could start by being on more this summer
If you really care about the show you'll forego your summer schedule and try to address the sagging ratings
My guess is you won't do it because it's easier to sit in Toronto and whine about me
Arbor trying on the fact that we won't let you play heart sounds
Speaking of Toronto why don't you come back down here and do the shows this summer get back into the South Florida lifestyle and get in touch with your audience
But we both know that's not going to happen. That's correct
Just like it's not going to happen that I'm going to do more work than my contractor requires
Oh, why it's it if you ever heard of anything so ridiculous? No
When you have a that's the only good part of the whole deal he left in there when we wrote this deal is the summer schedule
And if I'm if I'm so bad and so non compelling and so non concise then why do I want me on more during the summer would seem to me
He'd want you on you and courtesan more this summer
Then a real stoch a real shot. I'll send you the wickies when they come out at noon tomorrow
At least then you'll have a day and a half worth of material talk to you soon Joe
At least then you'll have I just just continues with the same hostile tone man
Hostile but very constructive
So he'll send me the numbers tomorrow, but we won't talk about him much on the air take maybe two minutes
Here's a email from Kenny grammar and it's a picture of fact Josh Friedman
Kenny says screw them all you're the best even Josh thinks so and it's
Josh has got a caption coming out of his mouth. It says I sense hostility between you and flee
But don't worry Neil. I'll put in a good word for you here at seven ninety
Imagine me and you sharing the same seat
Screw John Manelli he thinks I stink too even though I do stink. Yeah, you do Josh Josh Friedman
You know Josh Friedman big gigantic smelly guy. Yeah, I know of him. Oh my god
To know him is to smell him
Know it's the other way around to smell him is to know him
See I still would ask the question if our audience isn't part of that panel
It's like the with the diaries if you're if you're listeners didn't get a bunch of diaries. How are you gonna do well? Right
Right, yeah, does that make sense to you as somebody that's been in the business for more than five minutes? It sure does
And like I'd like he and I discussed he agreed with me when we had a conversation about this a couple weeks ago
That the sports nerds did fine because though there were a lot of sports nerd listeners in this panel
And at 10 o'clock a lot of them went across the street. They went to some of this the 85 sports stations on
So the sports segments did fine. We did not have our audience in the net because I'm not compelling or concise
And don't really have this audience. It's just it's all built on a deck of cards
So
Mark says you asked a few questions in recent months. I thought I might answer
There's no such thing as more than one radio station with the same call letters
850 is the only station whose legal call letters at WFTL
640 is WMEN formerly WGNA and 1400 is WFLL
Cheap channel has done the same thing for seven years in the Tampa
970 AM and 540 AM they call both WFLA but 540 is actually WFLF
WFLF has never mentioned on air except for the legal ID WFLF pine hills or land. Oh
QAM's rumor of a new stick has long been exactly that a rumor. According to the FCC they never applied for a construction permits his mark
You read a press release on air from George Beasley regarding the Vegas cluster between the lines
There was some solid information that explains much about what's happened and what will happen at WQAM
Beasley has a hundred and seventy million dollar loan secured with broadcast licenses that in many cases may not be worth what they paid for them
The problem is in Demick in the radio industry Beasley has strict covenants with its lenders to call for cash flows
Goals by 2012 that I don't think they can meet
I think they've cut about all they can and the revenue just isn't there
BBGI's competitors often desperate to raise cash have turned to selling some stations often at fire sale prices
Lastly and then he tells me about the maybe I can
Fix my perennial shopped off printouts issued by printing to Adobe PDF
It says if the PDF print is good you need a new printer. Oh, I don't want to do that
Do I want to buy a new printer? No
Okay, let's take a look at the poll, which is not all that compelling I guess you think the poll is compelling
It's okay some of the some of them are and some of them are not I guess
The people who are doing well are doing compelling radio that that has to be one of the greatest lines in the history of the business
Paul and Ron anybody believe they're doing a 10 or 12 share
No, did they believe they're doing a 10 well who knows
367 votes on this pool. I don't go to spectator sports often because blank
It's easier to stay home and watch them on TV of course 172
The ticket prices are too high 95 the athletes are spoiling overpaid 42. They're usually boring 24
Food and drinks are too expensive 15. I do go off from 15 too many drunk fans for and the weather none
You put the weather on there. Well, I know a lot of people don't go to the market. I'm telling man
Oh, sorry, a lot of people won't go because it rains yeah
Kenny Gramer has got a thing here about this Coleman consultant guy
Okay
Oh, no, we're not Coleman Chris Akram. Excuse me
Coleman insights. That's an inverse company
Mm-hmm. Well, that's good. Hey listen. We'll take all the help we can get we need to figure out how to play this new game, you know
And nobody wants to hear about Joe and Joyce and this and that well, maybe if they'd let me do the show
Maybe then we'd stop talking about those things
Oh, it's just a few fart sounds
Yeah, that's right just a few fart sounds
Here's one that says Uncle Neil since you're rating suddenly went to the toilet with this obviously flawed new system
Jolly Joe's been ordering you to be more compelling. What does that even mean?
Now you're talking about having consultant foisted on you
What's he gonna tell you a radio legend of 30 years until recently stellar ratings
Do a pukey morning zoo type show have crappy guests on what a joke. I don't know. We do uh
We do stream of consciousness on this show
Always have and always will we don't do guests. We don't do topics
Jay and Paul to Moritz says is one of Georgia's biggest fans
Are we didn't appreciate to be able to sit through flee doing the show on Friday?
I gave it a chance. I must say flee was good
He has very good chemistry with Josh. They'll do a good job this summer screw Joe Bell says Jay and Baltimore
All right, he just says screw. He didn't say you know
The other thing. Yeah. Thank God
I did think that turned out to be pretty compelling
Do you know anything about chocolate from the controversy? Oh mayor of New Orleans comes a brand new chocolate treat
Will be chocolate racist peanut butter cops. How do you make chocolate? It's a delicious brand of dark chocolate
Surrounding a super normal peanut butter and because it's Ray Nagan's racist peanut butter cops
All the peanut butter has been moved out and replaced with chocolate
I'm talking about just the way God intended is the way God wants it to be
I'm sure to try the delicious new chocolate drink
Nagan's quick you mix it with light milk and it becomes a delicious drink and for chocolates and nothing much chocolate
Races pieces
No other way fort boys he and noggin head or what he's an idiot
He and his wife are still in quarantine. I believe over in China or somewhere with the um
Flying flu wow they don't have it, but I mean they were sitting next to somebody on the plane or whatever it was
If they're smart they'll keep them there
Vos wants to know will QN be covering the baseball draft today if someone can I tune in for the compelling talk
Don't make make fun of it now, Vos
What does that mean compelling talk and can somebody explain that to me? What does that mean? I don't know talking about
Ball games talking about the jox draft talking about
What's his name Lebron and Lebron and Lebron and Kobe and Lebron and Lebron and Kobe and Kobe and Lebron and on and on and on and Jimmy and Danny
Wouldn't compelling be different for every person
I don't know what I have no idea what that means what I find compelling you might not find compelling. Yeah, that's correct
Terri says I'm a 40-year-old male has been listening to you since my father gave me my first transistor radio within the year piece
So when we said it marked light I could listen you to call the canes baseball games Frank Castro God it says oh Dennis
Yeah, are we the name on the address at the top here and that's Dennis first time long time thanks Dennis Frank Castro God is right love your Frank. I wonder how Frank Castro is doing
And speaking of that talk about compelling when we have those you and basketball games on like in the middle of the show
That's pretty compelling here. Are you compelled to like turn it off? I mean I'm compelled to maybe
So so what did you what was your take on that last email?
I mean you had you know take on John Manelley's email. What's your take on the jolly joe belly male? I just read you
Did you detect a certain degree of hostility in there a little bit. Yeah hate
Yeah, come on now don't don't let let one or two seconds drag there
Well, I think he definitely poked you with a stick every once in a while
You know, I think he says stuff just to get a rise out of you. Yeah, I can't believe that he means some of the stuff that he says because some of it just doesn't make sense
Like what like meeting with clearance every day or twice a week?
No, no, no, no, see and and he just he just had a self-defeating argument there because if I were to work more days
During the summertime then there be more ding dong school meetings after the show with clearance every day
Sure, so I'm not gonna set myself up for that
Can you imagine
No
Three four or five days a week ding dong school after the show every day with clearance
Why are you trolling because it's just so idiotic. Yeah
Insane
Inane for clearance is gonna teach us how to do a compelling concise radio show. I can't see
Clarence knows his crap man. Yeah
Okay, now let me see if we can get this phone thing going because unfortunately when they design the I don't understand why it lines one through six or all the toll free number
Is that a cost-cutting measure is that well, what's the deal with that? I don't know
560 and pound five 60 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line, but we don't because the first six lines are the toll free lines
1 877
785 6345
And it's right there at the top of our pool on the website if you can't keep that and it's hard to memorize that
You know, yeah, even I can't do it. I'm reading it off a thing on here
Can you memorize it? You know what we'll fast without looking? No, I don't either
1 877
785 6345 and that's the majority of our phone lines or at least more than half of them
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hi, Neil. Yes, I am. Hi
Just you know, I've been out of town. I haven't been I'm not up on the latest
I just heard you tell another listener that George is out. Yes, and the last the last I heard when when I was listening before I had to leave town
Was that you know being debated but I never imagined that it would actually come to pass
It did it's a matter of fact. I was even thinking of an ex logical step for George was to get his own show like you did before after you or something
So I just I hope George is listening. I just want to shout out and say do I can't believe it
Shocking how long has it been 19 year or how long has it been since you got can yeah
Um, what about three weeks? Yeah, it sounds about right?
That's how long and I've been visiting your website when I can and I see is you know his email link is still there and I thought okay
He's still there it's cool. No, he's not here unbelievable those people in management in your place
I just have their heads right up their butt. Okay, they don't see it all right. Sorry and I'll still listen
But it just won't be the same. Okay pal have a great day. Have a good one
See those lines one through six is it's gonna be a grim and slim on air
Until they learn that new number. Mm-hmm, but I don't want to complain now
I don't want to wine and complain sit here in Toronto and wine and wine. Oh, yeah, like that
I mean sure I'd like to have the show back the way that I did it for years and years and of course that that has nothing to do with the fact that those numbers are invisible now
That has nothing to do with it. No
What no? Of course not all I got to do is start playing stuff that joy is gonna have a nervous breakdown about and then oh
You know you're fired you're out and you're violating our deal and okay and so I don't
WQ a.m. Hello
Don't be Brian I have a sharp pink appointee know great
WQ a.m. Hello
That's the tool free line
one eight seven seven
Seven eight five sixty three forty five. That's the toll free number
Most of our lines are that number so if you're trying to call
And what was the deal yesterday? They were trying to call and getting a busy. I don't know
What what did that mean because we never had more than I don't know two three lines lit at the time like we do now
Right, I'm guessing maybe some of these lines aren't active
They're what I'm guessing that some of these lines aren't working right?
Well, let me try
That one's working
That one's working
Hey, that one's working. There you go
And that one's working. They're all working. Yeah, nobody should get dizzy then
But when I get we're trying to get rid of them. They don't go away
Oh boy
Yeah, we have some technical problems, but I'm sure that they'll fix it immediately if not sooner
They're right on top of it just like a civil situation
Well, what do you what do you plan that for what
WQ a.m. Hello
I do a deal okay sir
I'm calling you from Tennessee
Yeah, we're men and men and goats are nervous. Yeah
No, okay great brilliant materials sir very compelling and concise at least it was shortened to the point. That's what we like
WQ a.m. Hello
Coming this summer to the flea and Josh show a
bad
Q a.m. Hello
That's the funniest thing I ever heard George having his own show. Oh, Lee
Reverend shake. Yeah, why don't you die Reverend schmuck? Yeah, it's always on show. Yeah, okay good good
Time to go and play with the pop-up toaster. Okay, get lost stick his finger in it. See what happens
So what did you say in about six months you're going to be able to block some of these idiots should be
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello
Hola
Yes
WQ a.m. Hello
Corso
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir what a pleasure. Thank you for taking my call. Well, thank you for making your call. I go no
Please don't hang up I go back a long long while with a you first came to Florida. Why do you say please don't hang up?
I don't know I haven't called you in years and years and years
But I go back as I said a long time and your boss is just don't get it a lot of us are interested in the ratings a lot of us are
interested in this stick and they're out of it and what they don't understand it
I'm gonna leave you with this what they don't understand is in an emergency you remember Andrew
You can take over and deal with radio like no body else can
That's not sucking out my friend that is just a fact. I'm gonna listen off the I'm gonna get off the phone you my friend stay well bye-bye
Yeah, let's have another hurricane come on real good on that stuff
In fact, it was it was very fortuitous that I was here
When we had Katrina and that spade of hurricanes going on yeah because
There was no hurricane here. So we're you know, I never lost power
I could follow it all on the internet non TV and we did pretty damn good coverage if you ask me myself
I'll tell you I think we did it was compelling
It was compelling and it was constructive and as far as my being down in South Florida and getting the flavor
I already got the flavor. Okay. I don't I don't like that flavor
I mean two of the benefits that I have in my deal is one being able to be here and do the show
Which I enjoy very very much and number two the summer schedule
That's it and he wants me to the give them both up if you cared about the show
No, I don't care. That's why I show up here every morning at 8 30 in the morning because I don't care about it
And how is it all of a sudden star? It's like a bad April fools joke April first
That's when when when the new rating system came in that's when the show ceased to have any relevance
That's when it ceased being compelling it ceased being concise. It ceased being anything worthwhile
Everybody's tired to hear you all about my everybody's turn
So what we're gonna get now is a hell of a lot more interference than we had before
I'm not talking about interference with a signal. That's bad enough. We're gonna get more interference in the show fine. Go ahead
Go right ahead. No actually what I mean is yeah, yeah
Let's have the consultant of the day
Every day we can have a different consultant doing a a web stream
Giving us song at a dance and then you know, then we have those meetings with Clarence. Don't you look forward to those? Oh, yeah, I certainly do
I can't wait till he imparts his uh, but there you go again. There you go. Knock in Clarence. I mean he's on his honeymoon. Oh, geez poor Clarence
1056 at 560 wq way. I'm let me
inations
I
of Christ compels you. The power of Christ compels you.
Oh, the power of Christ compels you.
Oh, the power of Christ compels you.
Oh, I feel compelled to spirit a Christ compel me to continue the 11 o'clock hour.
And ex-con is suing an upstate New York prison nurse who allegedly sent it back
to his cell after medication side effects gave him a painful erection that wouldn't go away.
Dao Wood Yada Yada Ula says he suffered for 55 hours before finally getting hospital treatment
to relieve the problem in his pants. He had a problem in his pants.
Oh, yeah, I did hear on Friday. I heard like 10 seconds after I came back from my closing,
which I could have actually done probably at 4 in the afternoon, according to you.
But in any way, I heard about 10 seconds and you were talking about, oh, I like drugs.
Yeah. Well, what does that mean? You like drugs?
I think it's pretty self-explanatory.
Yada Ula 43 claims nurse Judith Lovelase's diagnostic follow-up. Isn't that interesting that her name was Lovelase?
I wonder if she's kind of Linda, you think? Could be.
Her follow-up left him irreparably injured with severe damage to his penis, including erectile dysfunction,
inability to ejaculate and pain during sexual intercourse.
He now needs a prosthesis to possibly restore some sexual function and says his medical problems have caused difficulty in his marriage.
55-hour erection. He was doing hard time.
Jim says, hey, Uncle Neil, the phone calls our dull, boring coma inducing and they blow.
Jim in treasure-cage grade abacobahamas. He says the calls blow.
WQYM, hello.
Hello, good morning, Fuy.
Hello, Uncle Fuy.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, sorry. Yeah, sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Hey, that's what I tell you. Yeah, I'm in Miami Springs and since yesterday morning, I mean, this has been since you started yesterday morning.
There have been waves all, I mean, the waves have come through all morning.
I mean, the last couple of days.
So the guy called him highly. I don't know what the heck he was talking about.
But you still got the waves on the radio signal there. I mean, it sounds terrible.
I mean, okay, thanks for the bad news. Thanks.
Oh, and as a matter of fact, guess I'll give you 85 guesses and the first 84 don't count.
Guess what famous radio broadcaster emailed me again to tell me the same thing that this guy just told me.
I'll give you a little clue and audio clue in a second if I can ever get around to it.
One moment, please. I'm a little slow. I'm old enough.
The last minute.
There you go. That's a pretty good clue.
Yeah, he says the signal still sucks in downtown Miami at least maybe because I work right under the stick at the
Harold, but why would that be? I can't ething believe it still isn't fixed.
It still isn't fixed says.
Wow. What does that mean? He can't believe it still isn't fixed.
Like they're going to wave a magic wind out there at the tower or something.
They've got some serious signal problems and believe you me. I could be wrong.
Correct me if I'm wrongfully. I could be wrong, but it would seem to me that part of succeeding with the new system
is that your signal can be heard everywhere well, right?
to keep people glued inside. Let's see if this works.
I don't think so.
I've had some other sounds that might do it. Here's one that always works.
That does it.
In fact, you know something? I think I just came up with a new format thanks to that great email that constructive
informative email from Jolli Joe.
four-hour format.
Sure.
here. You don't think I think so? Be the talk of the town. The new
neorogist format four hours of we miss you Mo. Badly. The
fake Tom jikus is John Manele was PD at 77 W ABC after they
moved from music to right wing talk. Boy, he's a real I don't
know a real deep bag. It sounds like to me I could be wrong
but reading that thing about Howard and all that other and
of course he was at the New York Post. What does that say? And
then all of a sudden right wing talk at W ABC 77. Terry says just
tune in online was going to vote on your poll could you add I don't
give a crap about professional sports which I think is different
from they're usually boring. Now wait a minute what is the
question say again? I don't go to spectator sports often it
doesn't say professional sports could be college sports high
school sports right college in pro I'm sure is what we're
talking about the pool myster. Do you want to add that? I
don't I don't care about sports. I mean I think it's the same
as they're usually boring but I can if you want. No it's not
the same as they're usually boring. I mean there's some some
people that care about sports but they're not going to go
paid to see the game because they don't want to like sit there
in a coma for three hours. It's not compelling to them. Okay.
Like you said before some things are compelling to some
people and other things are compelling to other people. I
personally don't find Drew Rosenhaus very compelling I could be
wrong. No. I don't give a flying crap about how Drew was
doing with the ladies you know I mean I could be wrong about
that. That to me is not compelling and I don't think that's
why people listen to the Joe Rochow is because it's compelling
to find out why how Drew was doing with the ladies. I could be
wrong. I mean what do I know? What do I know about anything?
Obviously nothing.
And the threat continues the threat goes on. Oh I'm going to
tell you this we're going to give you a okay well where is
some meat okay where is something specific? Now don't talk
about this don't talk about that don't bitch about this give
us something positive something specific. Let's get some of
them nifty guess on maybe I will win bag will grace us with
this presence but we can only hope not. What do you think?
I'll keep my fingers crossed. Ricks is I cannot believe the
depth WQM management is going to get you out and go to
total sports talk all day.
Doesn't Joe Bell know what your show was like prior to the
censorship imposed by the lame brains who controlled
Beasley. See there you go again Richard bitching about this
stuff that Joe Bell is one here about. Compiling radio is
something neither Joe Bell or Joyce understands your show
prior to the recent restrictions was a very compelling show. I
can't believe that the bigos ratings can be better than
yours. He is so one dimensional and boring sort of like Joe
B. When I'm in South Florida which is about twice a year I put up
with a crummy signal just to listen to you. I really find it
galling that somehow Joe JB finds ways to blame your show for
the bad signal I hear all the time down there. You haven't
heard anything like what it is yesterday today from what I'm
told and then the guy that put the phone up to the radio
yesterday that was that was scary. That was downright scary.
PSI like your show better without the insipid telephone
calls from those South Florida nut cases. Now what's your
take you like the calls are not. I like some of them.
Yeah some are compelling and some are not. Right. Most of them
are crap but nevertheless why would they change now?
Paul says how dare Joe Bell insult you in your 30 years of
consistently compelling and entertaining radio. Yeah Joe how dare you.
It is painfully obvious here they are trying to force you out
which you say will not happen that's right. That gutless Joe Bell if he
had the balls he would pay you off and say you're free to go to
another station. Why not if he's telling you you suck.
And his final stoch will be insisting you can't be on the
air for the balance of your contract over four years remaining
of compelling radio. I hope somebody waterboards Joe says Paul
getting a little carried away. Well the hostile a lot of hostility
in the year you know Seth these emails back and forth. Yeah everybody is
tired of this and everybody says oh Tom jikka John
main Ellie wrote the local limbaugh's article in newsmax.
Here's what he wrote on you oh my god he wrote this.
Neil Rogers here's another talk to your host who's openly gay except that
unlike L.A.'s conservative Rale Alice Rantele
Rogers is right proud and proud and loud liberal with serious anti-social
tendencies. Most of the time he doesn't even come to the radio station
preferring instead to broadcast from Canada and work short weeks and take
long vacations. A Jew who's tough on his really
right wingers. The often cranky Rogers keeps away from hard news most of
the time and focuses on stories events and phenomena that interest his
large young male audience. Wow his levels in and he rebels in not
going national has even been owned with nor calls from interest in networks.
Oh yeah like those fake calls from Greg Budell.
Typical comment gay is who I am that's how I see things on the air.
There are a few queens on the air like Alice Rantele who is dragged out of the
closet kicking and screaming. That's it.
That's on Newsmax what John Manelli wrote about me.
I have a large young male audience he says.
Wow.
John Manelli also wrote a Newsmax see Newsmax this is a right
winger okay does that start to explain why he wrote all this crap?
Yeah a right wing fanatic. Local talkers I'll talk where you made a name for
itself he wrote being the only outlet for scrappy opinions in the pre-internet
days John Manelli from a program director from Powerhouse WABC Radio in
New York one of the top guns in the industry top gurus tells Newsmax.
Personally I prefer listening to local talk shows over via the internet
because the national hosts tend to flagulate the same two or three topics.
That's right every day communist to communist to the same old crap.
Mike says thanks for playing everyone's favorite sound bite the power of
communist compels you now that's compelling radio says Mike we
compelled Mike to send the email all right.
I don't know what I'm going to do about this uh this toll free number
because lines two three four and five yesterday and today I don't think ever
rang at any point. Not that it's a big deal I mean you know you can only take
one call at a time but nevertheless
Michael says could you please ask flee to take the joke spots off the stream
okay they play it constantly and are really annoying they lose their
compelitive compelling those I have not the word is
compelling this after three or four times
Gary says dear Neil Joe Bell you just don't get it please visit China
and get your stupid self quarantine for 50 years and take that simple
mighted Joyce with you I have to get that formula you have for turning gold
into lead I'm compelled to listen to your compelling
radio show Neil I'll turn into George and his compelling show wherever he shows
enjoy your wonderful summer schedule says Gary at home said
thanks Gary I will okay I just did an experiment yes I called the 877 line
while that one was ringing in uh-huh and guess what I got
busy signal absolutely correct
so I guess it's not rolling over I am I'm going to lay down on the floor during
the break and I'm going to roll over but I'm sure that just like Joe says you
tell course about it they'll have it fixed pronto Tonto
it'll be fixed before you can say boy this is a technical disaster
Neil Rogers God
absolutely
the public hands got their leaders
serving in Washington
what the guy in charge is a radio talker he's a piled up and son of a dumb
well he beg and bald as a man can come and he screams into the microphone
and if he says something like the GOP don't like it just leave it alone
that's because I gotta say you don't curse
I'm a vacant name you don't criticize George Bullish
you don't quest where the we should be taxed good and you don't mess around with
brush
you don't get married if you get you park your hair on the side with a brush
you don't get any credit to a photo of all my antigo mess around with brush
1118 at 560 WDQM so that means it's lying two lying three lying four lying five
they don't work no more right or at least they never did
well maybe you want to bring that to the attention of some of our crack
engineering staff will do
Steve says and of course this is ridiculous why not play the fat man in his own
game and do a sports show and your inimitable style
it will be somewhat compelling to hear someone give an honest humorous opinion
um about sports rather than another member of the jocque accuracy yucking it up
no thanks we got 20 hours of that crap already on his station
and they've got a whole bunch of people on that panel who are sports nuts baby
right yes and I and I'm not interested how can I be compelling about something
I mean I you know I watch the hockey I don't care anymore because obviously
Detroit's going to win the Stanley Cup is that game tonight I think game six
game six yet yeah in Pittsburgh oh boy I'm so tired of the red wings I don't
know about you but I'm really sick and tired of the red wings
not very compelling in a market that doesn't care about hockey
yeah really what he has is that x-ray it was the next
ray that had to go deep into the spine heavy heavy radiance
Carolina three Emmons and three 1846 to go on the third period
and air class of ESPN I just I just don't get it
let's see how that pool is coming okay 458 well most seriously the the thing
that even back in the diary days that was made very clear is that we have we
had a gigantic exclusive cum people who listen to this show who don't listen
to the sports shows right always for sure and those people just on the first
of April on April Fool's Day they just all say oh we don't want to hear him
anymore bye bye is there anybody in their right mind who believes that no no
458 votes I don't quote a spectator sports often because it's easier to stay
home and watch them on TV 216 the ticket prices are too high 121 the athletes
are spoiled and overpaid 46 they're usually boring not compelling boring 27 I do
go off in 21 food and drinks are too expensive 17 too many drunken fans
five that's why I stopped going to the dolphin games man I got so tired of those
drunks yeah the weather three and I don't like sports too I don't like sports
too George and somebody else three now three for I don't like sports and three for the weather
oh there's that boxing guy I see you's ever seen so I've come to this ray to see who's faster
on the internet I'll be using the 3G 18 what's that boxers name I don't know what is name
wait may weather oh well browse the web investor email business plans faster
oh Bill Curtis he's you know a hell of a guy I love the point justice I'm better
I mean talk about drama yeah say we drama for your mom a bill what do you say say say kids from
12 to 17 is the number one show they do think that you guys can never do does it doesn't
the people who run your show are aware of this kind of stuff they don't care about that I mean
you know you're you're like you're part of the expression farting into a wind storm it's just
it makes no difference what other people are doing I mean it's on from 630 locally TBS has
an awesome 8 to 10 flea knows about this show well yeah let me tell you something I actually
got suspended for like five weeks because I played a family guy bid on the air and and Clarence
suspended me from being on air for like five weeks where wait a minute one was this this is when I
was doing weekend shifts I didn't know about this oh yeah I played this whole bit about they have
this like song the family guy does about the FCC I played it on the air and I got suspended for like
five weeks well what what's in it I mean obviously you can't say it but I mean give me some hints he
says you have to you have to say take a tinkle because you can't say the P word then that's right yeah
and you played that I did oh boy and you're going to be on this summer I can see oh no I've
learned my lesson I got to be ultra ultra conservative I understand right be be on your best
behavior at all time it took me a little while to realize that we're going by easily rules and not
FCC rules well don't you remember the meeting we had see either this is the boy at FCC regulations
and then each broadcaster has got the right and I understand this they've got the right to set
their own over and above the FCC their own rules I won't say this word don't do that but but only
if they have like a death wish only if they want you to fail do they go to such extremes as
Joyce right and this played a lot of bitch about that because everybody is really tired of hearing
about that corner Joe everybody's tired of it and like he said this was family guys so this is
planned at prime time on a national network right on over the year TV not cable right on network
over the earth TV on Fox on Fox well mm-hmm 5670560 pound 560 in the Verizon and AT&T wireless line
on that toll free number I guess they know it it's only line one anyway right yeah what about lines 7
oh it doesn't even ring unlucky seven unlucky seven is right that was bad QAM hello I like the
yeah good go find one QAM hello QAM okay I know you can send about George I have a thing I have a
sighting over here on Sheridan street come here George bring your cup with you QAM hello
Hill yes sir I have some very news for you speaking of Joe Bell always trying to make believe like
telling technical problems on your show I can't hear these because this call is so low it sounds
like it sounds like you're on Uranus really yeah you're talking about Joe Bell he can say about
saying your show is going on technical good Colby's we yesterday doing a big show he had to keep
coming out of apologize and do his audience by five or six different times two three minutes at
a time he was going to get air on on the big old show yeah I was very leading that's true okay
second thing I got I got a composition for you I've got a companion ticket would you like to
do you have Vegas on me no I would know no thanks bye bye quarter slot Gai idiot Jesus but I like
to go to Las Vegas on you not in you not next to you not around you not near you I don't even
spend time he's in Vegas what I don't even want to be the same days he's in Vegas
eight and four Lauderdale says how are the ratings on the Joe Bell show maybe he wants your
time slot he puts the A and ask clown he does not get it no he's never going to get it he just
makes it up as it goes along all Greg butyl says did you catch your buddy how we on Letterman yesterday
he still wants you for his 101 channel yeah sure he does my mark Johnson says I tried calling
the tool free line once from Kissimmee Florida about six months ago it didn't work then either I
don't think it's worked at a long time remainder not for air in other words don't read it cold oh boy
my interest in training and radio is on the tech side I'm not a fan of sending more than one
email a week but your comments really got me thinking keep this in your pile and maybe read it
some other time this will be my last for now I'll tricking again some other time in the futures
his mark this is the guy who told us all about the the signal and the tower and the this and the
that all is at the crap right and the callators the unmanshedable new oh no this this is worth reading
right now it says one of the things I read is that radio podcast live streaming on air broadcast
all have to be encoded separately this is about the new rating system correct likewise the unmanshedable
new arbitrarily on device cannot pick up listing in any form via headphones radio broadcasting will
probably always be around but the way people listen has changed radically I listen to plenty of radio
almost all via earphones around line if I understand this walk man podcast iPhone live stream many other
types of listeners are under reported there is an adapter that you can use you can actually plug it
into the the device and then plug your headphones into that on a different notice is I don't think
QAM signal problems will ever get markedly better 540 AM in central Florida has a flame thrower
signal that has to be directional to protect or not step on QAMs at 560 and that of another station
in Florida in 550 540 can't power down in part because it's the only primary entry point emergency
station in the state as a result I don't think QAM will be able to up its power so of course the
signal and encoding go hand in hand hard to be compelling if people can't hear you I think we
need to talk I have a lot louder house I'm going to get that bacon cheeseburger oh no you're not
going to eat it that is again yeah I liked it was the best hamburger I've had in years and years
years you like it I love it I loved it I didn't like it I loved it WQAM hello hello yes sir oh my
goodness Neil Rogers I actually got through yeah oh yeah no problem well the phones are all screwed
up so no problem this is I can't play George's gone I just can't play I just call all the time
get around with him on the phone I can't especially line just for me but I can't tell you what it
is because I don't want to stick compelling yeah but oh my gosh remember me from
cam bleep snow beskosure no okay just keep going just glad to hear you yeah and I'll keep listening
okay great see you see a medicine had a yeah okay see in PEI a lot of them we see that PEI
not sure I don't want to do five days like you did I never knew that before you never told me that
about getting oh yeah put on the bench for five days because you played a family guy bet yeah five
weeks five oh five weeks yeah wow that is a shocker five weeks that must have been really heavy
duty whatever you put on there it really wasn't just clearance doesn't like me on the air that's all
well that sounds real promising maybe that's why they want me to work more this summer
could be Charles and Pine Chris as I listen to Joe but this morning the signal was fine you come on
on all of a sudden it blows to me it seems like the signal issues are part of Joe Bell's master
plan to get you off would it really surprise you nothing would surprise me Charles nothing would
surprise me doctor Alan Berkman passed away says Jennifer why what I would know I know him do you
know who that is no I don't either we don't do obituaries anymore sorry sorry Jennifer whoever you
are Scott and Pinellas Park says the stream is out it keeps buffering then saying it'll reconnect
in 64 seconds then nothing so the stream is out too says the Scott I don't believe that do you
oh wait a minute here's another one that says the streaming online is out tell Joe Bell it's not
very compelling so they can't hear the signal on the air the streaming is out and we need to be
compelling enough to get through to those people with a new rating thing Neil God
yeah
check this out
yeah
yeah
748 12 minutes until noon at 560 W here we got the big oh coming up at two o'clock that's
the number start going up Mike Johnson says not sure what happened but we missed your entire last
segment from 11 30 to 11 40 this is the QM School of Engineering for you the streaming is back up
though now says Mike it's back up Leo says this came in before mics for your information the
streamer feed from W oh look at that W I O D is barely working right now we're not on W I O D
we're on W QA and Leo get the station right Leo for some reason I keep getting disconnected
can't listen to your show online maybe this issue has something to do with working the bugs out
there in your studio yeah that must be it huh when you think could be no yeah good pull today but I
think you should add the option of voting for all of the above now the truth is I really enjoy going
to sporting events but I avoid them like to play for all of the reasons on the poll Oliver norlando
says the newer version of the QM streamer sucks it has to buffer itself numerous times during the
show which is the equivalent of dead air another cheap ass jolly Joe solution I live in Orlando I
can pick you up over the air but everything has to be perfect in other words no storms no washing
machine running etc right now 11 35 a.m. and the streamer is down I will still listen even with all
the promises Oliver and Orlando thanks Oliver he's a real trooper W QA M hello Neil good afternoon sir
yes sir good good evening I'm just I'm calling from Pompano a little west 95 just want to let you know
the signal is crystal clear up here and I'm actually parked under a tree so I think these I think
these lepers need to go get a better radio okay so they're all making it up even Phil Ladsman
absolutely they're probably going to be stuck out in the cold in the edge of the transition too
okay thanks pali all right okay that's it for the calls this this thing is working really well not
with this with these toll free lines good thing you you tried that experiment there otherwise you
start getting like you know you wonder right I mean uh-huh you wonder wonder what's going on now
what do you think about the streaming thing there do you think it's just a coincidence who knows
this building's been having so many problems nothing amazes me now I don't have a jolly Joe said
in that email said it's only during your show the technical problems is that why the big old one
off how many times yesterday a couple a couple of times off the year entirely but it's only during
your show Neil and said new studio and blah blah blah blah yeah right here's that the toll free
number all over there's no point in giving it out if line one is ringing because that's the only one
that works so we got a whole bunch of lines on there just that most of them don't work right WQAM
hello good afternoon you are you today good evening yes sir hey um just want to let you know another
single uh spy watch I'm in jupiter and I'm getting you pretty good I mean I hear the occasional rumbling
of lightning and uh you know I hear a little Cuban music in the background every now and then
love cool caracters yeah but regarding sleep must be a nice guy but there's nothing that's really
upset me more that when you ask him a question and the dude has like no clue what you're talking about
and that sort of makes me miss George but we know there's nothing we can do about that but just
thought I'd give that comment have a great day Neil okay thanks well you get him upset when you have
uh we know when you don't know I'm talking like Bill Cullen for example but I will say this
flea is very quick on the googling though man the thing about he had polio you had that within 10
seconds yesterday I'm trying man you're quick on the googling now I have no complaints you've been
real trooper but as all good things must come to an end oh boy you talk about stupid
the I guess they think this is really going to work huh I guess streaming is down nobody can
hear the signal between ten and two and um oh but those people with the meters out there oh boy
oh geez they're not you're not compelling them to listen real long and the the the concept of
this is so idiotic if people aren't listening on the panel to your show you could do the greatest
the most cidalating the most compelling radio in the history of the industry and it doesn't make
any difference because they're not listening anyway is there like a lightning bolt it comes down
from the sky says oh you better turn on Neil right now he's doing really compelling radio this
second even you chuckle at that is that the dumbest thing you've ever heard of in your life it's
pretty idiotic yeah idiotic that's from flea not from me idiotic
everybody is tired do you say it they're well WQA and hello
Neil the boyfriend is back with a vengeance give him a chance he'll get your waiting way up there
WQA and hello I like compelling radio I mean who the heck doesn't I also often like
compelling skinny men they call them twins you know
WQA QA hello hey Neil how you doing okay let me give you the real deal I was in sweet water
and I travel to the Jackson hospital area sweet water is down there flying
got to the Jackson hospital area it sounds like crap if you'd like I put I could put the
phone to the speaker go ahead okay hold on I mean go ahead I mean go ahead
oh WQA how's that sir waves how's that waves didn't make you very very little
doubt now I mean it sounded fine and then it sounded like crap so I don't I think it's just
the area it's more in the area in the oven okay well get out of the ocean man all right I love
you Sean man thanks yeah it's not what it sounds like sounds like the waves are rolling in like
the like they're in cocoa beaches somewhere where the you know the tide is coming in yeah the ocean
the ocean the big waves are coming down time to get surfing folks let's play some surfing music
hey well listen you got to go with the flow that's what Joe says you know you got to find out
what works and what doesn't work and that might be compelling surfing music in the sound of the waves
get a little dicked ale going no the beach boys catch a wave I love that song catch a wave not
one of their big hits but nevertheless I'm I'm not sure it was ever a single I don't think it was
you know that song catch a wave you could play it if you had the library there but you don't and I've
got it here somewhere no but I should have it by this weekend George said he was going to come by one
day this week and download the songs how's he doing by the way pretty good I guess well what does that
mean I guess he is doing pretty good because he's not here right oh the day that the day he walked out
of that place for the last time believe you me he has no idea how fortunate he was
we want Neil on more during the summertime because we're afraid George isn't going to cut it with the
yeah right though you but you better cut it you better do some gigantic numbers in there with
that new technology you better talk really loud and you better not have PD Lenny on there during
the summer months or during any other month you know PD Lenny my ass that that's just I mean anybody
who thinks that's compelling did anybody come to you and say how come you put that moron on the
no not really well why not I don't know that would have been something you should have been suspended
for five years for that less than learning like I've always said and this is one true thing in life
there are a few things worse than people who think they're funny who are not
and if you look up look up that saying in the web series dictionary you'll find PD Lenny's picture
next to it someone who thinks he's funny and he ain't this dick cany I'd like to relax by having
Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour VP
oh
You're fair.
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I could do love I want to but I ain't gonna never get none.
No day's up I'm busy school.
Okay that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna know that you'll mountaineat.
At least until he's 28.
I'm great now.
I want some weight.
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy with rock solid.
Oh baby wow look at that kid you ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
Probably one is five sixty WQ on the dow is down thirty points not a big deal not a big
stimulus okay maybe we ought to cut the Yiddish out too.
You think?
What do you think?
No.
You think the goyama they're upset because they don't understand the Yiddish words.
I think I'm doing a public and public service.
I actually enjoy learning it.
See there you go.
I taught George tons of you this year over the years.
Yeah I printed out like I printed out like three pages of of words so I'm studying.
Yeah well you you have a long way to go.
Yeah WQ way am hello.
Hey Neil that's the sound that everyone's hearing in the background.
I don't think it's an accident.
I think Joe program didn't you want everyone to know when your show sounds like.
You walk on day today with his own head up his ass you don't know what he's doing.
Well also there's a big last week we'll head to Perflict because I know he's got to spend
it for five weeks.
There's a video he's playing with the word HJ and it you better be careful.
I know you you block that word out one of your bits.
They won't word I'm saying.
We're AJ.
HJ like BJ.
HJ instead.
Oh hand.
Yeah.
Yeah we don't do that.
I mean we might do it but we don't say it.
You you played it or you said it no I played it.
Oh.
You played it out of the DCS.
No.
It was another thing that I got off the onion.
Oh boy.
I smell another arrest for you.
You better listen you got to do the whole show next week.
You can court us on vacation next week.
And then when I come back to summer schedule so you know unless I decide to work extra days
during the summertime.
If you cared about the show you see that this business that with head games you know
doesn't work with me because it's so transparent trying to embarrass me like all of a sudden
I've lost it and I'm desperate and I'm floundering and if I cared about the show I would give
them extra time during the summertime over my dead body okay like I said hire a hitman
that's the only way it's going to work.
How are freaking hitman.
When you make a deal with people if you're honorable in the least bit you live up to
it.
Whatever the contract says that's the way it goes down.
Not OG if you cared you give us more time during the summer.
No.
No.
Ink gonna happen.
I'm disappointed in your response.
I'm disappointed in your suggestion.
How do you like that?
I'm appalled at your suggestion.
Building collapses near Rolly North Carolina.
Look at that.
There's a big old satellite.
Don't it's not a satellite dish.
And as you can see there from one of the.
Con agro foods they had a major explosion near Rolly.
I wonder if Jolly Rolly Joe knows about that.
Chad talking about a triage area that has been.
Well you talk about boring.
You hear Tony Harris there.
He could put you into a coma in two seconds or less.
Not compelling.
Oh yeah.
Sam in Boston says I'm typing this just as you read the email from a listener saying
that the streamer window said we will reconnect in 64 seconds then
crap out.
I got the exact same message.
It wouldn't connect for a few minutes but after a few tries it eventually did come back.
They came back.
Here's the best email of all time from the fake Greg Budell.
Talent coach.
Sonny Fox says you need a talent coach.
Said his buddy Tommy Kramer is available.
He worked wonders for Ron and Ron.
Old white haired Tommy Kramer.
Well you know why didn't do drugs back in the 60s when everybody else was doing drug.
But you're sure as how could fool me talk about a radio burnout Tommy Kramer.
He was the talent coach.
He was good buddies with buddy Bud Paxon by the way.
Really?
And you know something in red in retrospect buddy Bud Paxon started to look really good.
Oh yeah.
Those were some wonderful days compared to what we got going on now.
Especially technically.
Come on think about IOD signal.
I mean you can hear it.
I know that's great.
And there's no waves rolling in the background you know like that.
Max says this will at times fail.
The streaming don't know if on QAM's end or ISP lost it several minutes ago when the Southern
Palm Beach County in several weeks I will try to pick up your station via the air waves.
PS here's the greatest line in the history of emails.
OK and it just caps off exactly what's going on now OK PS.
Tell management you can't measure what folks can't hear.
Wow.
How do you like that?
You like that line?
Pretty deep.
Let me circle it and put it in my save it file.
Tell management you can't measure what folks can't hear.
You got to admit it's different.
You know when you hear another this show on QAM.
You won't hear those rolling waves on IOD or on a Waxi or on anywhere.
On the light bulb light bulb junior light bulb senior INZ you won't hear that.
And it's a little bit disconcerting to me that email we got from the guy the radio technical
expert about this all these are just rumors about the signal and about the new stick and all
that.
I think he's telling me to stick it.
WQ I am hello.
One of my favorites QAM hello.
Oh that was Joyce you could tell by the tone.
Keith says 90% of my listing is online the other 10% when I'm driving is on the radio.
For sure the online sound quality is 10 times better than what the AM radio signal provides.
The streaming was working fine from the time you came on until about 1135 or so once it
dropped out I went back on but it went but I went onto the QAM site instead of near
Rogers dot com since it's clear that Joe Bell and crew are trying to destroy your show.
I got right back on I'm listening to a read a book.
Don't give up says Keith don't worry Keith I'm here.
I'm here until 2 o'clock today and from attend to tomorrow and then again Thursday and Friday.
Kate says is there any way to avoid annoying streaming ads by the dodo dog duo?
I listen from your website and every time I try to listen to sure I have to put up with these annoying ads.
Are the ads or is it something you put on there what's he talking about?
Well they do get ads. There's ads there's PSAs there's Pramos.
Well what's the dodo dog duo?
I have no idea.
No maybe they're spots.
Don't knock the spots Kate we need the money.
Badly. Yeah.
Really really badly.
Boss says yes Neil the net broadcast was down but not to worry the fabulous sports baby.
We've had Greg somebody rather on talking NASCAR and the Pepsi 403 weeks of Daytona that's compelling radio.
The fabulous sports baby is about as compelling as an elephant's fart.
Yeah.
Not compelling she really blows.
Remember the triathlete gave her a night there for about five minutes?
Yeah.
And even these people said oh we don't think so.
Bye bye honey.
Whatever happened to what's her name there from Baltimore.
That was rumored to be coming.
I think she signed a new deal on Baltimore.
She did.
Yeah.
What was her name I need a marks.
I need a marks that's the one.
She's good looking from about 50 yards.
Oh now this is really bad.
You want to hear this this is a real nasty shot at you.
Oh great.
It's good for my self-esteem.
As if his mother ever had any children that lived and if it's true he tells everybody he's a vegetarian order to hide his heroin addiction.
They're trying to needle you a little bit.
You know I am going to try heroin when I'm like 65-66.
Why is that?
Because I know you like drugs but why?
Because I want to try it and I figure by then you know I won't be working I won't have to do anything.
Do you want to have that purple arm there like Gerolito and Requiem?
Yeah.
Purple elbow.
And why and why did that what's his name Damon Wands is that who it was?
Damon it was one of the Wands brothers.
I don't think it was Damon though.
No.
I don't think so.
Well whichever one it was that played the black dude in the movie.
Yeah.
Why he could call him Jim.
Hey Jim is that is that an ethnic thing?
I don't I don't get that or a drug thing one.
I don't know it as a drug reference.
I mean his name was Harry you know.
I mean I realize there aren't a whole lot of black dudes named Harry.
No.
But still.
530 votes on the pool.
Wow that's not that's not too shabby when you come right down to it.
530.
Here we go Jason's got a good idea.
The five top things to make Neil show more compelling.
One do four hours of all gay programming.
Two change your handle the Neil the talk animal Roger three advertise your show billboards.
Four have a signal that people can hear and five son up footy and do the Neil and footy show.
Oh yeah they will do it.
Only trying to help it says once again watch your back with flea he's not on your side.
Well what do you expect from a heroin addict not yet have a great day I'm turning into your car
and your competitor station that I can hear it says but that's bad.
Because this is Chester copper pot real chronic regular.
Yeah.
And if he's tuning it out because he can't hear the station not a good sign.
Management needs to know you can't measure what folks can't hear.
Oh Neil.
You know fund us lucky.
Here's everybody.
Hey everybody all the time.
Absolutely.
That's the will life in plaster.
For it's my great man and I'm in hospital.
He's been down.
Everybody.
Hey everybody all the time.
Driving on a tolerance and fear.
It's where this approach is for the gate.
And they don't want to hear.
You find their attitude quite sour.
When I'm a shatter they threaten us like you to the fall.
A right there in the gridlock of rush hour.
I though when no someone calls you mad at all.
Everybody.
Hey everybody all the time.
Know how long that is you can do.
Something the priest is walking from Papano.
He was right 1217 at 560 WDQM.
What have we done compelling in the last 60 seconds or you ought to get a stopwatch going.
Okay.
And every 60 seconds we can just stop for you know pause for a moment and say okay where we compelling last 60 seconds or what.
I don't know where the hell that thing is.
Oh here it is.
Yeah we could we could do that.
At least keep the day in the audience way.
I know it sounds really good in the middle of all those crashing waves on the shore.
Here's a guy in Yelm Washington.
YELM.
And this is about the poll.
He says greater use of the option WTF would be appreciated by some of your weird and or elderly fans.
And two I don't like sports is too exclusive.
I don't like spectator sports might be better on the other hand.
I like baseball in any way shape or form.
Says somebody in Yelm.
I think the poll is sufficient.
I don't think we need any additions to you.
No where is Yelm?
You're asking me?
You were in Yelm Washington.
YELM.
TR says question for you Neil.
Was that email you read earlier actually real or from a fake?
It was real.
He's talking about the one from Joe Bell.
If that was a true email for management the hubris involved is breathtaking.
Breath taking doesn't come close to describing it.
Negative.
Everybody's tired of bat.
Nobody wants to hear bat.
On and on and on.
Sorry to see you going through this but we fans adore you and that as had is only galvanizing your fans to rally behind you.
Keep on keeping on Neil since TR.
Yeah it was real.
How can I make that up?
It was real nauseating.
Everybody's tired of this and everybody's tired of you and everybody's tired of bat.
I'm tired of him.
Of course he's your buddy so you're kind of in between a rock and a hard place.
Oh yeah.
What?
Oh yeah.
What were you just looking up?
Yelm?
Yelm Washington.
Where is it?
Let's see.
Not compelling all that I've been sighing in dead air now.
It's not close to anything so it's kind of hard to say.
Okay well who cares?
Right.
Keep it concise man.
Nobody gives a flying fig where the hell Yelm Washington is.
It's about 25 miles east of Olympia.
East of Yenomsville.
Right.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
QAM hello.
Yelm.
Hola.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I have the fine kind of fine.
I have the fine kind of fine.
I have the fine kind of fine.
I have the fine kind of fine.
I have the fine kind of fine.
WQAM hello.
Right now.
This is Jenny.
This is for three.
It's three.
You remember me?
Sure.
Yeah.
You're doing your faggot.
No.
No.
No.
WQAM hello.
Oh that was muffled.
You could barely hear it.
What is she aim?
Yeah.
Captain Diableto says it's a good thing.
If it wasn't compelling radio, why would you have listeners of over 20 years out of the area,
still listening on the internet and very strong numbers?
I'm listening in the DC marketplace because there's a dearth of compelling radio here.
Yeah.
What about all those people we have listening online, which we were very, you know, there's nothing
I'm questionable about those stats on the stats page.
On my website and on the QM.com, which Cortus used to tell me about it,
and you've told me about it how we have far more people listening online than any of the sports stations on the,
shows on the station.
Yep.
Always having always do and still do.
So if the whole audience disappeared April 1st, how come they didn't disappear online?
Jolly Joe.
Oh, don't confuse him with the facts.
I don't know.
This is what we have to live with now.
This is what we got now.
We have to learn to play the game.
Unfortunately, it says that's the mindset that's permeated the business.
Watch palaciously gather in statistics to develop policy, kind of like many political leaders of years past.
I know you've had a significant significant number of suggestions.
At the risk of raising your iron is the model of podcasts or internet radio completely abhorrent?
It's completely impractical is what it is.
You can get the ad dollars, have no restrictions on content, charge for podcast downloads, etc.
And with very little alteration in your home studio, the only loss might be caller interaction.
But look at the quality of that as a rule. Yeah. Like recently.
Some schedule call time, same schedule, call times daily and record those it's a thought.
What?
I hope you find some resolution, but I'm not overly confident says the captain.
He's not overly confident, neither am I.
That was really something to hear that again today.
Okay, here this will give you an example.
This is yesterday for the online listing at noon.
Your show had 450 people listing on the QAM website at 4 p.m.
There was 69.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you explain that?
How do you explain that?
Fat ass Joe?
And most of the statistics can't be fudged if I can say that.
Can I still say that? I don't think so.
Well, and here's another stat too.
Yeah, I mean, if you go back another day, 6-4, which would have been, I think Thursday?
Yeah, 445 at noon.
165 at 4 o'clock.
Wow.
Well, let me take a look and see how many we got have listened.
See ours isn't at the moment on our website.
Right.
Our stats are cumulative.
In other words, this is the number of people who have been listening online during the show since 10 o'clock today.
624 on ours.
Wow, and here's another stat for you.
Wow.
At 11.30, before they had the problem with the streaming.
Uh-huh.
There was 416 people listening online.
Right.
At 11.50 because of the problems with the streaming, it dropped to 223.
Wow.
We lost half the audience online because of the streaming, yep.
Because of more technical difficulties.
Like somebody, like a brilliant radio philosopher once said, you can't measure what people can't hear.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, how do you like that?
We're screaming about the streaming.
Those are pretty impressive numbers though.
Those first ones you gave me.
Yeah.
445 is compared to 165.
And always the one 1660 something.
Yeah, 65, yeah.
65.
That's not even worth a bother.
I cut off the stream.
Sometimes it's hard to cut off the stream, especially when your bladder is like really loaded.
I'll tell you with me, I drink a lot of the diet sodas, which is bad because they got caffeine.
They don't have caffeine-free diet sodas that would buy.
Not spray, huh?
No.
That's a shame.
That's the best one.
But at any rate, I drink just tons of them.
Of course, they love me because I always tip them, uh, a lunae or a tuni, one or two bucks, when they bring me the drink.
They see me and they all come running, oh, you want another diet?
Would you like another diet?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So all of a sudden, you know, you're in the middle of playing your machine and then nature starts calling and your bladder is just ready to explode.
And it's a long schlep from the wheel of torture machines to the teabroom.
Oh my god.
There have been times when I could feel like a little dribble.
You know, I felt like a basketball guy, like Pete Mirovich.
He's still dead, right?
Pistol P?
I believe so.
Pistol P is still dead.
Damn it.
Yeah, there was a thing on one of the classic sports channels the other day about pistol P.
I watch it for about, I don't know, 15 seconds.
And then I thought, boy, this is not very compelling.
This is boring.
God is it boring?
And I turned it off.
I turned it to some movie or something.
I turned it to horse racing, which I know a lot of people think it's not very compelling.
Here's a HL hockey.
Here's the Marley's.
All right, Chuck.
Right up underneath the shield too.
It's a good thing that clocks and actually Matt at the Rico Coliseum.
Maybe it's the Toronto Marley's.
Any interest?
No, Chicago has two high high end, you know, top one, two picks.
How about the classic NFL football?
Let's build our own wall of football.
What's the combo?
It's in the giant.
Yeah, it's a little awkward.
And he revealed this week that there's pressure glass bruce.
That's a great thing.
He actually has a torn leg of that.
Seriously, can you tell me, can you identify any other human or subhuman on the face of the globe?
Whose name is Plexico?
Plexico.
Not at all.
And the thing with the sports nerds is no matter what the name is, it's like, oh yeah, well that's his name.
You know, it's just that's his name.
X-ray hip or whatever.
What was that guy's name?
Extra hip, X-ray hip.
Coco Chris.
Coco Chris.
Yeah, he plays baseball.
All of these things goes along with the silliness of the sports nerds.
But again, we're building a wall of football and we're in the way of the wall of football.
I think that's the problem.
We're standing in the way of the wall of football.
I mean, it's, you know, it's the ninth of June.
Don't you want, aren't you thinking about football right now?
Oh, yeah.
I'm not.
That guy who called me yesterday.
What do you think Tom Brady is going to ever be the same, how do I know?
See, this is what the sports nerds talk about.
They conjecture a lot of crap that nobody could possibly know.
You think the Yankees are going to win the pennant?
I sure hope not, but who cares, you know, like that.
12 times now, he's been fired upon in this hockey game.
I think the blue day is going to win a pennant.
No, there are a bunch of chokers choking gagging dogs.
Although I'll tell you, Doc holiday, man, he's the hell of a pitcher.
Oh, yeah.
When you like to have him on the Marlins?
Yeah.
Well, he's the first 10 game winner in the American League this year, right?
He's great.
The doc.
You know, I've never been in the Roger Center, even though it's named after me.
I've never been in the skydome.
Ever.
And that's sad.
Yeah.
And on really nice days, of course, they open up the roof.
And you know, it's just it would be a pleasure to be in there watching a ballgame.
If I had any interest in it, but I don't.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boehn, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
What's the obsession with hockey?
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, And Jimmy.
Donny and Jimyyy.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy.
Donny and Jimmy.
You Danny and Jimmy.
Danny and Jimmy.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy.
Guys, I'm a mobile from Miramar.
Hello.
Hi, can you hear me okay.
I've got a question about that.
Jimmy andовой situation.
Yeah. Jimmy and Minnie.
Mmm.
Tammy.
Evid what?
And Jimmy and Danny.
Jenny.
And um,
you a lot,
34 20
to 1 at 560 WQ AM I think you ought to start keeping a a graph chart okay of
those numbers you were given me from the listening online people it already
it already creates a graph already done oh wait a minute we've got new numbers
from your buddy Jolly Joe oh yeah oh yeah what you got it too no I didn't get it
I heard they came out today I thought it was gonna be tomorrow I thought so too well
there you go they've been power 96 number one 18 to 34 overall this week let's
hear it for power 96 all right
and so where's the rest of it all got to go on while I have to do it during the
break because it's not compelling to leave did here while I'm going on the
other thing can you open up yours I think I can see what I have here here's one
from somebody with a phone number no name Neil Joby and friends need only look
in the mirror for whom to blame for the shows lagging ratings that's what they say
so did we do any better we do worse how did we do I tried to number power 96
kicked ass
sure getting a lot of emails from Joe Bell let's see
I can't I can't figure it out
okay can you try and there's all sorts of attachments here yeah and I don't know
which one to open for 25 to 54 I have that if it'll stay open let's see big
one of six Paul and Ron with an 888
or 888 men 2554 power HDR Bubba had a 2 2 oh no
2554 man yeah a 2 2 2 2 love is wearing his 2 2 proudly looks lovely all right Joe
Rose with a 4 6 4 6 all right let's hear it for Joe Neil Roger show with a 2.0
2.0 we've gone from a point to a point 4 to 1 3 to a 2.0 we've gone 10 times
increase in April and then the 3 to 7 which would be obviously oh and man it is a
5 4 5 4 all right you ready for this yeah nights 7 to midnight a 6 6 oh yeah
basketball m m m NBA finals yeah
even the market life and about where you laughing I just well you know I mean
we're lagging way behind the sports and there's there on that panel those sports
people man they're they're just obsessed obsessed a 6.6 at night where we've
always had a point oh that's NBA basketball not the a so go so sure we're
moving on up oh kiss morning show not so good what what they do 1.6 1.6 that's
still better in a point to yeah now anybody else we want to take a look at in
there what what about across the street how do those guys do yeah I didn't see
them those crazy go you scroll down waxy in the mornings 1.4 whoa oh you ready for
this one yeah days 0.7 oh my god we triple their number in mid days we crushed
them all right yeah afternoons 2.3 wow more than double and that's a lot
faster to levotard yeah and you ready for this one with the marlins 0.7 at night
all right the marlins so NBA basketball 6.6 the marlins is 0.7 we don't want to
spend too long on this because nobody cares about the weeklies you know that's
what I told a little a little bird told me that the same little bird that just
emailed me the numbers so what do you think we went from a point two to a point
four to a one three to a 2.0 how about that low lagging way behind the sports
numbers but still crushing and then what about the IOT if you got any numbers for
them I'm sure you do they're on the year okay let me see w i o d I think I
closed it out 6.10 the aisle of dreams w i o d oh I hate that station come on you
can do it I can't bring it back up it's like doing something oh no
poorfully he can't bring it back up maybe if it quit doing that heroine I
haven't started yet oh well let us know when you want to start trying you could
do it on the year there we get we'll promote ahead of time get a 90 share a
six point six at night for NBA basketball too bad it doesn't go out like all
summer and all fall you know oh wait I was looking at the wrong numbers yeah I was
looking at the uh... cum here we go share share yeah I was looking at the wrong
thing for oh no share 3.8 in the morning 0.5 mid days 2.5 yep 2.2 afternoon drives
into 2.2 at night I was looking at the down to a 0.5 from a one three yeah well we
do have a lot of work to do man so you give us a bum steer I did I was right on the
waxy numbers I was just off on ours waxies were bad those were correct yeah but they had a
two point three way to it when they have a 0.7 0.7 they had a 0.5 right so if you put them together
you still got nothing I think that it's concise it's compelling and it's a short and sweet
to the point oh yeah remember I was saying we ought to just keep playing that over and over again
mm-hmm I think that would do it it fits in the so we're really screwed with this panel you know
seems like it 0.5 my ass and 18 to 49 person way like a 0.2 I just looked at some of that crap
well this is what we have to live with now and this is where it's at yeah right
run run they're doing they're succeeding because they're doing compelling radio
is there anybody in the free world who believes that no I mean that's just silly
for those phones man that is a door nail 5 6 7 0 5 60 that's because I haven't been taking any calls
and also because most of the lines don't work and pound 5 60 on the Verizon and 18 T wireless line
and toll free from all over the universe or at least within about a 10 mile radius 1 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4
5 1 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 WQ AM hello I'm your friend uh-huh WQ AM hello please let's
a great one speak no we don't Q AM hello hey Neil yes man it's a pleasure talking to you again
after so many years I really enjoy you taking phone calls instead of reading all those emails
if you don't mind me giving you a little radio critique is that okay yeah go ahead
no you're you're the bastard you're Uncle Leo is anybody that doesn't know you in this market should
be dead mm-hmm and all right I love you you said you wanted me to if you enjoyed taking the calls
what what do you want to say I just told you I liked the format I like it great well good goodbye
he called to tell me he likes to call not his necessarily but he likes the other one sure
WQ AM hello Neil hello okay Neil I wanted to ask you are did George get any favorite what
did George get any favorite and say when he when they fired him I think he's asking if he
got severance pay yes did he get any yeah I don't know how much he got some
my I hope he did yeah and you suck my WQ AM hello yes sir yes how are you I just want to
tell you that I keep on hearing like a different radio station popping in what do you mean
uh what do I mean it keeps on like I can hear somebody talking in the background really
yeah and like where where are you listening uh on the radio my car
well we're like geographically we're like in uh on Mars Uranus what we're what part of town
um and um in Tamarack oh it's like that every day for how long
since I've been listening to you an F Joe Bell okay thanks
since he's been listening to me it's been that way so maybe this is nothing new the
parents says the hissing noises not just an over the ear thing I'm listening on the net
when you and Flea bag were both quiet I could hear the ocean sound the emailers were talking about
do you believe that no because that kind of hisses me off
of course you can't measure what you can't hear but nevertheless I think they're going to work
us down to uh oh oh and then say oh well we can't put you on here we can't pay you for uh you
know no share no two yeah I'm sitting here laughing because I was looking at the number two station
yeah and mornings men 2554 yes Mia MIA yeah
guess a lot of 35 40 year old guys listening to Madonna
well how about the coast the coast always got big numbers on here and uh who what what
guys 2554 listen to the coast yeah coast was fifth in the morning and number one in mid days
really and in afternoons you there you go men 2554 huh
oh George says not our George but another George I'm a long time list of occasional email or
the flea is doing just fine and you guys will eventually develop a good chemistry as far as George
I really do miss him and I was thinking how about we start a George fund and get him the new
car that the beesleys will never get him hey have a list of his mail-in checks with donations and when
you get enough for down payment you can buy them the vet then you can make the monthly payments for
George you know all these people tell me what to do first of all I did I did make the monthly
payments for George for years on two or three different cars how do you like that that was part
of the deal with the understanding we had and so that would be a token of your appreciation for all
the years that George spent making your show better especially when you were gone after all he
stole your friend ps gocans oh that that tells me everything I need to know
wqa m hello qa m hello nail yeah I'm important Lucy man I can hear you my loud and clear but clear
yeah yeah that's good we had the whole audience in Port St. Lucie I guess we'd be kick-ass right
what do you say he said baba army I guess that's the new baba booey but for baba oh baba baba booey
baba arny so baba loves bunches in due to believe there huh no he hasn't he hasn't what hasn't done
well since a maybe he's not compelling maybe hulk ogan isn't compelling to the audience in South
Florida wow that's true because we obviously are not as of April 1 Ron says Neil I didn't ever think
to talk about George going to get fired was a joke but surely this joe bel thing is gotta be
stick to boost ratings right wrong wrong wrong Ron is as much stick as George getting can wish
stick we don't do a stick on his show okay so stick it it's for real it's the amus but once we get
the consultants in here and once we start with the ding dong school they're gonna teach us how to
be really compelling and keep the audience glued to us even though the people on the panel don't
listen to us in the first place those numbers for the sports I mean when you read the
Q number is those were awesome there was a scary yeah but that's not the no as I remember we're
looking at average quarter hour were marginal not as marginal as us but then who is WQAM hello
oh hello oh does it meal speaking hi Neil I just want to tell you that I enjoy your show I like the way
you use different names for words the way you do the play on words and keep doing it I you're the
star yeah I'm gonna listen to you for for a number of years I moved out of state and I haven't
heard you and I then you back your promise ever okay thanks pali you're the best ever great day I know
used to be anyway used to be till about a month and a half ago and then all the sudden that's it
yeah what had done you done righteous you done you've finished the that was done four and a half
points is making a comeback it's gonna go green pretty soon man it's going to go into positive territory
WQAM hello good afternoon sir good to hear you back on the air back on the phone how you doing
well what do you mean back on here where have I been no I mean you had been taking a phone called
for a while frankly I don't blame you I find it amazing how people are always willing to
that one male I guess that was email who was saying state culture for George that didn't have
a check attached to it no it did not no it did not yes I'm always amazed and I'm the
the whineiest liberal there is but when people are always willing to tell how people have
to spend their money right that's right and it's unfortunate but I think George the very intelligent
guy he will end on his feet as just as you did all the time that the corporate has posed you over the
years I hope so he deserves it he does he does I you know I God knows this market needs some
ang English language talking at the side support as those numbers you know you can do with some
I think you know I don't know any way to bypass the arbitrage system but I know I don't hear
out there listening to everybody at least in the circles I travel and they all agree that
radiance out for things the music selection things most of them I won't use the name but they've
gravitated either satellite or CDs in their car but they don't accept pretend to do they listen
to you sir okay thanks a lot of pelling take care now okay just got another email from your buddy Joe
Bell who gives me the day parts which is if we hadn't already figured that out we don't want to
spend too much time talking about it because it's not compelling and it's not concise and it's
boring well I guess he just wanted to point out to me that we are sucking in the one three was a
flute and we're back to fractions again like he believes it and I'm I'm supposed to believe it do you
believe it yeah take Larry King says show sounds great again love the mix of calls and emails true
compelling radio is the anxious mr. radio would say Rick Shaw would be proud oh my god
I was wrong about the doubt by the way it's down seven points now just it can't turn it can't
turn the corner like us when you said we had the 2.0 I thought oh my god that's gotta be but we don't
so what they're gonna say is oh well the one three was a fluke point 2.4.5 what's the point
Pedro says Pedro you sound like there's a snake in the background I listen on the net
says I like flee but I miss George like there's a snake hissing in the background I hear a slight
hiss from your microphone like when you cut your mic off I get clear but I'm wearing headphones too
okay back on yeah I hear you hear what I hear a hiss with your mic so you should turn your
mic off it clears up yep nothing hiss nothing hiss nothing hiss hiss we could do that so to a clock
kill some good time that's compelling that is here's somebody who says I just got off the pulmonary
expressway I feel like I'm ready to vomit listening to your signal well it felt like I was jamming
on the brakes and then ramming on the gas pedal I feel like I just exited a carnival ride it's
just on to me why the pulsing signal sounded so familiar have you ever seen the movie contact with
jody foster now bad horrible and the movie earth is contacted by aliens via radio pulse signal
that used prime numbers a phone of prime numbers as it means a communication what does that mean
I guess the count on the phone jody opened up the message there was a picture of Adolf Hitler giving
a speech at the Berlin Olympics you think joebell might be trying to send your listeners a subliminal
message says nauseous and the ranger a pulsing signal he says he feels like he just exited a carnival
ride pulses there's certainly is a slight hissing noise that comes through on the streaming that
doesn't seem to be there when you're not on the year or flea guest hosting so must be coming from
this end says forget about the consultants I'm sure you can teach them a thing or two about
broadcasting good job last Friday flea says Paul yeah
rasta paul says a couple of me friends in myself I'd like to know if you ever smoke the gondramon
I say no way but bonk factory warehouse manager godfried says he thinks you've smoked even if
you claim you did not anymore we are compelled to know no I don't smoke
this one says do a few minutes a day and creole the ratings will soar and you can use the
effort will pass oh my god so some of the stuff that's coming in on the emails is almost as
good as the phone calls not quite but it's getting there
oh you yeah oh yeah it's just got the real and when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the women
with painted lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the
new Rogers there in balance will it two hours
what that fairy has to say if they want to smoke things are guys that what I'll have you know
I know what I'm talking about you every morning at the condo I take the elevated down and on my way to the
car when I pull my folding basket out I give a three condo piece the toys are back and
down I said the toys are back and down why you
look at my car all you spoiled old boots I know everything is going on in that
room but I even know all the new magic rules I picked to the drive daddy on it
you better go and knock it out it's a better show when I take your place I know I ain't no way
clearly but when they drop my boys will change yeah little smoothie
oh
okay let's try a little experiment okay you hear the hiss again now yes okay well let me try
the guest mic oh how about now yeah but not as bad really yeah well let me uh slide this baby
over here I'm on a guest mic and it sounds better sounds a little bit better yet a little bit
well on a scale of like ten it's a set minus what a point five here he goes again with that point
five crap why is your can't wait for a ding dong school so we can find out how to work this system oh
yeah I wonder if they had ding dong school for Joe and mad dog and big O and the NBA tell them how to
work it six hundred eleven votes on the pool I don't go to spectator sports often because it's
easy to stay home and watch them on TV 266 the ticket prices are too high 160 the athletes are
spoiling over paid 59 I don't like sports 29 food and drinks are too expensive 28 they're usually
boring 28 not compelling I do go off in 25 too many drunken fans 10 and the weather six yeah once
we get that dome stadium and then the marlins are going to really draw for about you know two three
months Lauren says and the waves roll in and the waves roll out and in and out and in and out
maybe Bella's trying to hypnotize the audience into becoming sport holes or something and said it seems
to be having the effect of having real men 18 to 34 listen to Madonna and Brittany on other stations
by the way it stopped briefly at five p.m. during mandatory show yesterday but clearly that was
a temporary thing I was driving and turned it off because I was getting nauseous although I
could have been caused by manages callers Lauren says how do you like that little shot there at the
callers WQA M hello Neil yes sir listen to the waves don't talk for a little while listen
the good holes or something instead it's an 18 to 34 listen to Madonna and Brittany on other stations
yeah yeah listen not stop it this started on Monday I was driving and turned it off because I was
getting nauseous although I could have been caused by manages callers Lauren says yeah I like that
okay thanks for the good news well that sounds really bad I know yeah that has nothing to do with
your mic for sure the waves yeah yeah it's like Ontario man those big crashing waves from like Ontario
you can't measure what people can't hear profound words of wisdom
Richard says there definitely is a hissing sound on the web streaming I haven't heard it until today
until today
well let's see is it back it's still there well what do you mean it's still there now it should be less
yeah I'm alternating between mics one and two you're on two right now right right now I'm on one
yeah it's still there it's more now I'm on drugs I'm not thinking I'm going to start doing drugs
heroin right no not heroin okay you're a crazy person heroin
here here it's supposed to be so concerned about your health with your vegetarian with your
obsessive vegetarianism and then you're going to go do heroin that tell them like 65-66
65 my ass you're never going to make it to 65 especially working for these people these grave robbers
that's true Brian in Jupiter says tell Flea that if I hear that Dan Christopher walk in Texas
Ranger so-called comedy bit one more time I'll be compelled to plots on my desk how do you plots
on your desk I don't want to know this is what happens when you've got going I'm trying to use
the other it plays every break and it wasn't funny the first time Flea gets a new material other
than that you're doing a great job says Brian in Jupiter you know I hate to bring up other problems
yes but I expired that like days ago in person reason it's still playing what do you what do you mean by
that like an ando you can hit instant expire and that means it would stop playing and I did that days
ago and for some reason it came back and it still plans I have to call them and see what's up
wow it's like Christine yeah you can't destroy it nope you know it's a very end of Christine when
the car is like just a pile of junk you know like a big square junk heap and they show the close-up
then you see just a couple of pieces of metal starting to move do you remember that oh yeah
Kevin says greetings well in spread of the following your signal sucks sucks your station sucks
and management sucks you're still one of the only exceptions in the suck world that is radio down here
one of the stations needs to grow some balls down here and have you guys do something
give George his own show in the early afternoon then Le Bastard in the late afternoon then
they will fear you I noticed Le Bastard had a two three in Madaga two two two two do you think
Jim would look at the two two now then Kevin says please voice unfortunately is un un
listenable maybe more tolerable than Kelly's at best love you Neil I think that's nonsense
they're just looking to pick on your ass
being initial return on a few of these investments not compelling definitely not compelling
Bruce from Pembert Prime says I listen almost every day online for my office it's rare for me to
tune into any other AMR FM station in this market I might catch some of the Joe Rochow in the
morning leading up to your show maybe I'll carry over for about 20 minutes when you're done the
rest of my radio time is on XM or downloaded music says Bruce and Pembert Pines thanks Bruce
you're the one what do we got about 10 listeners left according to this a new research yeah
I would hope you knock on the research now it's boring nobody wants to hear about okay we're done
this is Jason who was threatening moments ago that he was tuning out remember Jason
chronic Jason yep Chester copper plots the Zaxx face we did look like a model now like Joseph oh
yeah crack up when I hear that our Joe and Zach lover is possible
please is Joe Bell have the seat up in the morning oh that's good no it's really annoying
yeah is it the Kenny Rogers says hey broke back I tried and tried not to listen after George
was like go ahead and tune in for weeks I was listening to Colin Crock cow pile over on ESPN and he
just plain retarded so I'm back and I wanted to say no matter how hard I tried I can't quit
Neil Rogers glad you're still here says the Kenny Rogers percy in Miami lakes as I definitely
think Joe Bell is intentionally sabotaging your show the signal was fine this morning during Joe
show now it's back to the ocean sound and getting worse I don't know how you muster up the energy
to do the show every day but don't let the Joyce will get to you like Don Althabello said treachery is
everywhere remember Don Althabello that was the anxious Eli Wallach oh my god there are people on
death row for lesser offenses than his acting performance and I was that phrase very loosely in God
Father 3 I thought we could reason together oh brother you now did you say you saw God Father 3
oh yeah long time ago and you didn't like it wasn't my favorite 3 that's for sure I didn't
I didn't ask that it wasn't the favorite of anybody although that pull we did the other day boy a
whole bunch of people I never give the result of that did I and just as well and just as well
because reading the pull results is evidently not very compelling Danes says I think I know what
the noise is when you guys stop talking the buzzing volume slowly increases once you start talking
the noise volume stop when we start stops I think it's a might compressor or sound compressor
of some sort on your board I'm listening over the net and sounds fine since day thanks Dan
wow aha Calato you know we need people out there in the audience help us with engineering because
we got multi-problem many problems Cal says as far as the hissing on the stream it's gotten
worse lately perhaps it has to do with the change in the connection from Toronto to the new
studio and whatever method they used to avoid having put in a new ISD in line the hissing is
further emphasized by the automated gain writing and compression hardware they use whenever you pause
the automated processing starts to boost the gain and the hiss slowly increases until next time
you speak this is pretty much standard over the air practice there shouldn't be applied to the
online stream I seem to remember you complaining about the dumping out working on the stream and
if they change a connection point for the stream in the studio to enable dumping on the stream
then it's probably related to the increased hiss on the stream now they haven't done that no they
would need to move the internet connection point to before they all my god this is too technical for
me and too boring and definitely not compelling this is this is fairly interesting about trans fat
probably interesting to you with your damn veggie stuff I don't know how anybody can do that how did I just
how can you do that like when I go to Germany I love the bratwurst man oh brother do you like
bratwurst yeah you still yeah no you still before we decided to give up all the good stuff for
that swirly reading yeah seaweed I do like seaweed salad do you really yeah algae I don't know
you probably go to the bottom of the fish tank and yeah and push the catfish out of the way and
scrape up the algae and eat that for lunch what I'm really hungry yeah algae man how about the
barnacles at the bottom of the ship I think barnacles are living I think I think we are down there
we're at the bottom of the ship we're just about ready to hit the ocean floor water is
yeah
and took a hit in woody act like teaching charm and get the munchies and make brownies filled with
hats and woody sharing with Jesus and the saints those pies on his and yeah yeah hot in his
grace and yeah yeah hot is good yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what if God's no cannabis
looking for my one of us
getting high on the back of the bus just in the nose is getting storm on a grey hunt bus too
wrong to get some bad at you no wrong a couple of time back to take home
or
Hello, I'm from the
bad, you know, bro.
Open me here, the waves again.
You got to admit that's pretty, pretty compelling.
I've never heard anything like that in my life.
QAAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Like the fucking meal.
Speaking.
Hello, meal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Okay.
I used to live here.
I moved to the Carolina looking for, I don't know what, then I sure found it.
Yeah.
You found, I don't know what.
Yeah, it's a totally different place.
I don't miss all the traffic and all of that.
I do miss you in some of the modern aspects of life.
As far as the guy that emailed you in the morning, he had consulting.
You said you were old, rich and arrogant.
Oh, I don't know what I did with that one.
If you write a book about how to be that way, I'll buy the first copy.
Okay.
How to go and face problems.
That was, what was the name again?
John Manelli.
Yes, I'm right.
Got a stern guy, a candidate that you watched at the New York Post.
I don't know what I did with it.
But I did send a copy to your buddy.
He wanted me to copy my, he said he never saw it.
Here it is.
You're too old, rich and arrogant to care.
But it might matter to the young guys and your show will be unemployed soon.
Yeah, that point five.
That's the final nail in the coffin, man.
Write through my heart like a dagger.
I'm dying on the head.
Oozzi said, you know, I don't know why people keep doing this.
Check out my photos on Facebook.
No, I will not check out your photos.
And I'm not, it says, I set up a Facebook profile on the New York Post.
My picture is videos and events.
And I want to add you as a friend so you can see it.
First you need to join Facebook.
Once you join, you can also create your own profile.
Thanks, Oozzi.
No thanks.
Thanks, but no thanks.
I don't want any part of it.
Get flee involved.
Okay, flee is big on that crap.
Are you sure?
Facebook?
Yeah, positive.
Here's one from Ron Brewer.
Now is this from the real Ron Brewer?
Is this your friend over there at Cheap Channel?
I doubt it's the real Ron Brewer.
How do you know?
I just doubt it.
I know Ron.
You know Ron?
Yeah, I can't see you.
I'm sure you know a lot of people over there at Cheap Channel.
Are you sure you aren't on their payroll?
I wish I was.
I could use the extra cash.
No, but I used to work with Ron at Zeta.
You did?
Yeah.
Oh, on Zeta.
It says, could you read the morning numbers again?
I didn't write it down.
No, I'm already celebrating.
I have a bottle of jilt-beast in and every time you read the numbers, I take a shot.
It says, listen, we know these are not your real numbers.
It's just a joisy panel for you.
We like you and respect you.
Flea can confirm this based on his conversations with Steve, but that Bubba, we hate that Schmidt
talking redneck.
And as you can see, we're kicking his ass right out of town.
Bubba, we know you listen to Neil and you know you're out of here soon.
I wonder if he means Bubba or me.
I'm sure I got the first page of the ballpark tomorrow.
I got to go get my arm right.
There's Ron.
What are you laughing about?
I just can't see him throwing that first page.
It's going to be an adirt for sure.
Well, it says Flea can confirm that based on his conversations with Steve.
That Paul and Ron are big fans of this show and they respect me and they know the numbers aren't right.
They ought to get a hold of Jolly Joe, okay?
And stick a long, hot cube with the Mundo and Shine.
He's just loving it.
He is just loving it.
You know that, that point five.
Oh, no, I want us to win.
No, you don't.
You want me?
It's not important that the station wins.
It's just important that I fail.
Laney says, I listen to the show almost every day.
It sounds just fine to me from California.
Palo Alto.
No ocean noises here.
Hey.
Well, that's because he listens online.
The no ocean noises are not online.
Are we right about that?
I think so.
Yes.
Am I right?
I think so.
Michael says, I just, oh, I shouldn't have done that.
I just see because I got this mic in a different spot.
But anyway, this is better, right?
Yeah.
Not as much buzzing, kissing.
Right.
But Michael says, I just had some compelling general
So chicken.
Anyways, if George did a show online, I'd probably pay about 30 bucks a month for that.
There's probably at least another 90 90s out there would also pay.
That's 3K a month right there if he just got 100 listeners, which is before advertisers in spots.
I'm sure it won't happen, but I'd enjoy that if he did.
I hope it gets on to your soonies, a talented guy.
And you're not too bad yourself.
Actually, you are compelling, says Michael.
Well, thanks, Mike.
You're compelling.
Hmm.
Barry Jackass ends this along.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady needs more fine tuning before he takes the kayak out on his own, apparently.
The Boston Herald reports that Brady flipped a rented kayak in the Charles River this weekend,
and that a boat house attendant had to retrieve the 2007 NFL MVP and help him back into the kayak.
Give me a helping hand.
I'd like to give Tom Brady a helping hand.
Woo.
He had to be rescued at Charles River and cider told the Herald.
The launch guy went out and got him and got him back in the kayak.
He's been bragging about it ever since.
He's telling everybody he rescued Tom Brady.
The paper says Brady and wife Giselle Bunch had rented two kayaks and set out on a friendly trek around the river.
The Herald's insider said there was no serious threat to the quarterback.
It was more investment than real danger the insider said.
Brady participated in the Patriots team golf outing yesterday.
Wow.
The team golf outing.
Whoa.
You talk about captivating and illuminating.
Do you play golf?
Not well.
No, I'm not asking you, but you do play it.
Yeah, everyone's a lot.
Oh, God.
Well, let me ask you one question.
Okay.
Okay.
Why?
I just like to go out and drink beers.
Oh, so.
Yeah, it's a good excuse for guys to go out and get drunk.
That's true.
That's my reason.
Tyson says I have no life.
If you know that quit sending me your stupid emails, Tyson, you're boring.
Henry says, glad to hear you back on the year after your BS suspension.
I'm sorry about what I have on a George screw Joe Bell.
Please do a good job.
I'm going to miss the spik and sud show.
Any info on whereabouts of Rick Raleigh?
He's in California.
I don't know doing what.
I love the bit used to play about.
I found Jesus and Rick Raleigh's John.
Keep up the good work and I'll back to sports.
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy.
It says your Cape Cod, Cape Coral, speak faster.
Listen to Henry.
Thanks, Henry.
Thanks, Hank.
Cape Coral.
Carolyn says she's in Pittsburgh.
This streaming said downloading configuration file and then took seconds to come back and then downloading again.
But you're back now.
Oh, God, Carolyn.
EEG says I drive all over South Florida.
It sounds the worst around Miami.
Have to shut you off from the up and down to the bottom in the static.
Internet listeners say 85 says Sergio.
Sorry, Sergio.
We apologize profusely for our technical incompetence.
And what are we going to do about those phones that aren't rolling over?
I'll talk to him here and about it today.
Are you going to confabulate with him about these technical and also about that signal?
See if somebody can go out there and pee on the tower again.
Please.
You got it.
Now it isn't a bathroom.
Better keep the door shut.
There's no other smell like it.
No whips and so buts.
And when he is napping, better leave him alone.
Or at you he'll be snapping.
Because he's dead to the bone.
Dad to the bone.
Dad to the bone.
To the dead.
To the dead.
To the dead.
Dad to the bone.
And when he follows, he comes.
He'll see his presence lame.
He'll toss it aside.
And ask when's the game.
We want to tell him we love him.
But he would just mow.
And he'll go bug your mother.
Because he's dead to the bone.
Dad to the bone.
Dad to the bone.
To the dead.
To the dead.
To the dead.
To the dead.
132 at 560 WQ.
And 5th is June 21.
So it's still a little ways away.
The good news is my father is still dead.
That's a good thing.
The reason I played that, Cliff and Kendall says you mentioned the last scene in Christine,
where the radio comes on inside the crushed block of Carmetal.
That radio signal sounds better than your signal today.
What was the song that was playing in that scene?
Bad to the bone.
Remember that?
Yeah, George Therogad.
Dad, that, that, that, that, that's the song that's playing right at the SN.
And the camera zooms in on that crushed metal that used to be Christine.
And you hear the music.
And then all of a sudden you see that one little piece of metal started moving.
And you know, Christine used to like reform herself.
Right.
Well, we need, we need to go to reform school all of a, maybe we can go to Ding Dong school first though.
I bet you're looking forward to that.
Oh, yeah.
Now you on Monday, Wednesday and Friday are you and the court is going to also have to go to Ding Dong school?
I haven't been told that, but probably you think?
I don't know.
Oh my god, five Ding Dongs a week.
That's way too many.
Even, even I don't think I can handle it my old age, five Ding Dongs a week.
Here's one that says Neil, I'm only about a mile from the station.
Not only do you sound like you're underwater, but also it sounds like there's a dozen dolphins doing something that's chopped off.
I don't know.
Just chopped off at the end, middle of a sentence Q a M hello.
Q a M hello.
Wow.
W Q a M hello.
Hey, Neil, thank you for your condolences.
I appreciate it.
Yeah, very sorry, Mike.
You know what?
I think it's, I think it's with the I bok.
That's what I think it is because when the I bok was in working, there was, there wasn't any kind of interference whatsoever.
When the what wasn't working?
I bok.
You have what they call I bok, which is, oh boy, I'm not really too sure what I should know.
It's a new way of transmission.
Like when you turn it on a different frequency, you're here a big hissing sound.
Really?
Yeah.
It's kind of like HD radio or something.
Oh, well, we are HD radio.
Yeah.
But when the I bok is off, if this is HD radio, I'd hate to hear what ain't.
Yeah.
When the I bok is off, you didn't hear any kind of interference whatsoever.
Maybe we switch to LD.
Look out now.
Okay, my my.
Hey, my, yeah.
Have a good day.
Bye, my.
Yeah, here's the thing I dog died.
Remember I mentioned that last week?
Yeah.
For a sad story.
The day that they were retiring him, the dog died.
Hmm.
That night.
WQ a M hello.
But when the I bok is off, if this is HD radio, I'm not sure.
You were in the radio.
I'm not sure.
You were in the radio.
You were in the radio.
Yeah.
I bok is off.
You didn't hear any kind of interference whatsoever.
Mr. Acro-Bill can't stranger on the shore.
Here we go.
Okay, my my.
Hey, my, yeah.
Have a good day.
Bye, my.
Okay.
Yeah, here's the thing I dog died.
Remember I mentioned that last week?
Yeah.
Great job, George.
Wow.
What?
That's horrible.
Now, did we ever have that before before yesterday?
I don't remember that now.
And you said that when you were coming in this morning on Joe show, you didn't hear that.
It seemed okay this morning, yeah.
It seemed okay.
Maybe it's just a 10 to 2 thing.
Because you know, you can't measure what people can't hear.
Hmm.
You won't hear that on any of the shore guarantee of that.
What's that guy that's on across the street now?
Colin Calhard.
Colin Calpile.
You won't hear that on the Colin Calpile shore guarantee of that.
Yeah, well, mix in a little.
Yeah, there you go.
WQA in.
Hello.
Not there.
What a shame on that toll free number, no less.
1-877-785-6345.
877-785-6345.
Starting to sound like Phil Sims on the sideline.
Then he no jive.
And of course, the other number for the lines that work.
5-670-560 and pound 560 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
Phone is dead as a door now.
Maybe that panel is right.
Well, the online listening creep back up to around 400 and something.
Oh, mine is like 785 now.
Mine is like, I won't say record breaking levels,
but by the end of the day, we're going to be over 1,000 people listening online.
How is that possible when we got no audience?
You might want to ask your buddy that.
Okay.
He'll poop-poo it.
Oh, that doesn't mean anything.
Those are just people that are like, I don't know.
He'll come up with some excuse, some story.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Well, I'll be the first or maybe one of the few to say.
I enjoyed fully actually last week.
Hey, all right.
I'm Friday.
I mean, it's a little more than talking about skating and eating rectum,
but you know, I've been started.
Yeah.
I mean, keeping going.
I know people have criticized you when they started.
I think it's the same thing.
So I think we're in a good spot.
We're in a good spot.
Yeah, that's what you think.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
We're in a good spot.
You should live so long.
The Circo Bob says, hand a laugh while reading AOA at Lundin' at Oracle
on which restaurant foods are the highest in trans-fat content
and are nutritionally bad for you.
Topse on the list was your Denny's bacon double cheeseburger,
high in both salt and saturated fats.
All right.
That's why it tastes so good.
Yeah, I don't care.
The article quoted it was like salt with a deadly weapon.
If it tastes good, it's probably bad for you, right?
Also, why is it you can't say the something word,
but you can provide a verbal picture of a system where you're mad
on kissing needles, balls.
What's with the Glocken Mishpoka, he says?
The Glocken Mishpoka.
Myron Florence is going to play that in the Lawrence Walk Show.
The Glocken Mishpoka.
What's a Glocken spiel?
Not here.
It's a musical instrument, right?
Glocken spiel?
Sure.
But you don't know what it is.
I bet you can Google it.
I didn't add a spell it.
GLOCK, ENSPI-EL is how I would spell it.
All right, here we go.
EP, Pusel Animus Pussyfooter says,
I just wrote for my home in your downtown for a lot of day
to my main airport.
The signal was crystal clear all through Broward
and the northernmost part of Dade.
Heading south down Luzhoun Road about two to three miles before
reaching the airport, the wave effect began.
And by the time I got to the airport,
it was nearly obliterating the signal.
I'm sure the advertisers are thrilled to know
that their ads are not being heard.
Are you listening, Jolly Jo?
Hope it gets better, says Peepee.
Thanks, Peepee.
A Glocken spiel is like a xylophone,
but it has metal bars instead of wooden.
I'll be damned.
There you go.
See, I learned something on this educational show every day.
Yeah, that's compelling.
Leicist is, for what it's worth since you've been talking about,
and I haven't experienced any of the noises people are talking about.
That's from Broward through Palm Beach.
Oh, this is Nick from Batavia.
How are we doing to Batavia down, Nick?
655 votes on a poll.
That's not too shabby considering that nobody is listening.
Maybe I should read that email from Jolly Jo again, you know?
That one that said,
you suck and I hate you like poison.
And I hope you die real soon, like that.
And we're going to put Sid Rosenberg on.
Is the minute that his contractor is non-competit, you know, expires?
That's what you were spreading on Friday, right?
Sid's going to be doing 10 to 2.
I did not say 10 to 2.
And you could do as closing anytime he wants because he's slacker and he wanted to day off.
Oh, me, you!
And off for the talking.
When the mood strikes on St. Patrick's Day,
will you be ready?
You will with Viagreen.
In spite of 12 points of Guinness,
I'm still able to get me Irish up.
If you know what I mean, thanks to Viagreen.
Viagreen works perfectly with Kiss Me I'm Irish Buttons.
Side effects include a desire to drink before 9 a.m.
Frontically searching for a pot of gold and a strange craving for boiled food.
If your snake is charmed for more than 4 hours, call your doctor immediately.
And me girlfriend thought the bloody stone was as hard as a rock.
Is not just a lazy in your pockets,
are you just happy to see me?
When the mood strikes,
make sure your pipe is calling with Viagreen.
Okay, it's 144 bar.
I'm sure that I keep pressing the right mic button on here.
Aren't you pleased?
Very.
Well, no, because I'm out of the habit.
The first one is Mike 1.
And the second one, Mike 2, which I never used,
which is ordinarily sitting behind the board, you know?
Maybe I should take pictures of the studio.
We need to do something with that website.
That's one thing.
Yeah, I'm going to talk to Eric today.
Huh?
I'll try to talk to Eric today.
Yeah, get some of that old crap off of there, please.
And put your name on here as opposed to George.
Email free, you know, not George.
Right.
And I'll talk to Corso about the hissing in your mic, too.
And talk to him about...
I mean, what do they tell you about, they just do?
What's their explanation?
They didn't give one.
They aren't aware of it?
They know our signal's bad.
Yeah.
No, that's not just our signal is bad.
That's like...
That's scandalous is what it is.
That's something new and not too exciting, if you ask me.
I could be wrong, but...
Misha says, no, remember Misha?
I do.
Can fleece at least say just this morning sometimes?
Can you say just this morning?
I did just this morning.
Oh, I really miss a little George says, Misha.
Well, guess what?
He's not coming back.
We miss him, too.
But he ain't coming back.
Screw the numbers, Uncle Leal.
I'm not on the day in panel.
That's why I don't believe it.
Who do you think is better looking?
Tom Brady or Cristiano Ronaldo?
If we could put Tom Brady's head on Cristiano Ronaldo's body,
then you'd have something.
Yeah, guys, rip.
Yeah.
Cristiano Ronaldo, he's got a great body.
And Tom Brady, I don't know.
His body's a little schmootsy if he asked me.
I don't think Misha knows from a schmootsy, but nevertheless.
Now, he's a little soft.
Little soft?
Oh, Ron Brewers is flee.
I don't think you're aware, but that ball is not going into the dirt.
I feel good.
I should have no problem throwing the heat.
I lost 70 pounds, had a black guy.
My wife almost left me.
My son thinks the cats were killing people.
I can't take any more humiliation.
That's why I'm throwing the first pitch like a man.
Paul doesn't charge the buffet at the club level.
I'm really worried about his weight.
Yeah.
Oh, he wanted to know how's the weather in Toronto.
Yeah, I'm sure he did.
Merky, it's a murky day.
I'll give you the temperature momentarily from a city post-24.
I know it's compulsive and it's concise.
It's compelling.
That's a compulsive.
Yeah, like that.
16.
I don't know what's that.
61.
But it's going all the way up to 21.
It's going up to 70 today.
And 66 tomorrow and 68 on Thursday.
And 72 on Friday and 72 on Saturday.
Nice.
Monday, Tuesday, Saturday.
So that's find out from your friend Steve,
if it's the real Ron Bource, sending those,
which I'm sure it's not, but okay.
You never know.
Munich's Merriant Plots is one of the city's central squares.
The Merriant Plots is named for the Merriant Sowl,
a column crowned with a statue of the Virgin Mary.
Why do I care about that?
Not sure.
I've got a picture of it.
All the cities of any size in Europe,
they've got a big church.
In Cologne, they've got a big church,
and in Rome, they've got the, you know,
you said the Vatican.
Have you ever been to Prague?
No.
I've heard it's great.
Yeah, I hear it's pretty interesting.
But I'm through with those European trips.
I'm too old.
And of course, once I'm out of work,
I won't be able to afford it anyway.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Neal, God, man, I can't believe it.
Couple of things.
Couple of things.
Number one.
Yeah.
We love George.
We miss George.
But he's okay.
Number two, Parlin, Old Ron.
They're just listening to, you know,
take notes.
Number three, people out there.
You don't realize what you have in your Rogers.
Take advantage of them.
Don't screw with them.
A management.
Everybody.
You know, keep pulling.
And the show too, man, we love you, Neal.
Don't never go away, man.
Okay.
Wow.
Heavy duty suction, wouldn't you say?
Yeah, maybe tomorrow on Paul and Ron during the show.
You'll hear.
Oh, we have to hear that in stereo, man, on FM.
Wouldn't that be a great sound?
Yeah.
Maybe we'll hear that out of one channel
in the sounds of the roaring waves out of the other one.
I have just never heard anything like that in my life.
And I guess they're like oblivious, huh?
From what you're telling me.
Yeah, I'm compiling a list.
A list of what?
Things that complain about.
Oh, and they're going to say,
C's been on the Rogers show for two weeks now,
ready, he's turning into a little Neal.
He's bitching and moaning, whining.
WDQAM, hello.
No one has taken the time to explain to you why this effect is going on.
Okay.
Go right ahead.
What it is, is it's a Cuban station that's just running an open carrier,
just the station's on, they're not modulating it.
And its frequency is about two or three cycles off of five sixties.
And so every time it hits it, on, it raises it,
when it's a one cycle off, it lowers it.
So you get the trombing,
open wave effect that you describe it.
And it's really annoying, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
So that's what it is.
That's what it is.
It's just the beating of the two states against each other
and they're out from each other,
as far as being exactly,
I'm frequency about the amount of the beating you hear.
That's it.
I'll be damned.
Okay, thanks for the extra welcome.
You were welcome.
Glad to have you.
You see it.
I do like that.
There's like a technical guy who knows what he's talking about.
It seems like we've had a few tech guys calling.
Yeah.
For every dumbass we have, there's one tech guy out there who knows what he's talking about.
Maybe we can put him to work on engineering.
Maybe.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
It's a lot of use into critiquet that it is to fix it.
Yeah, I know.
That's what I heard.
Paulie and Titusville says,
I'm not sure how they over the air single sounds, but the streaming audio is suffering from a compressor
that's not functioning or set up properly.
As soon as you pause, the hiss comes up right away until it sounds like Niagara Falls.
I could buy a compressor with a guitarist or 50 bucks that's cleaner sounding.
What is that?
So that's on your end?
I would guess so.
Yeah, it sounds like.
It would sure be nice now that we have that studio and it doesn't need to be on the other 20 hours a day.
Since we're going to be doing ding dong school and all these other things taking up a lot of time.
If we take just a few minutes off the air and go through and see if we can't iron out some of these bugs, you know.
Do I think that's a swell idea?
Yes.
No, I did.
As opposed to.
As opposed to that.
Oh, there he goes, bitching and moaning again.
Everybody's tired of that.
Yeah, me too. WQAM. Hello.
Oh, hang up a little to your answer.
Okay, please.
Excellent call.
That's maybe the best call we've had in other than the engineer that was just done.
That was great. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
On your signal.
If you check your on the right side.
The other Jones.
The other Jones drink the cool aid sweetheart. Drink it.
Go up it down.
WQAM. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is your Roger show.
Yes, it is.
This is Neil.
Yes, it is.
I don't know. Okay, glistening.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I listen to you all the way to Port Saint Luther yesterday.
I'll be damned.
And I'm on the way back from out on 27 on the way back from South Bay right now.
And you're coming in and clear the bell.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Well, you see the farther you get away from a Cuba, the less that stuff comes up.
The engineer guy that was on two calls ago, he had his thumb on it.
It's that damn Raoul Castor.
He thought Fidel was bad, which he was that bearded son of a bitch, but this Raoul.
He is really a, that's what we got to get Obama to do.
Okay, forget about all these nukes in Pakistan and all that stuff in North Korea.
Let's start worrying about Fidel and them transmitter down there, right?
Yeah, my wife just text me and says she can't hear the station at all.
I'm trying to find out where she's at.
Wow.
Oh, it's day.
Oh, right.
If I have a town.
But you have five, six, oh, WQ.
And once there was a sanitary who was caught indulging a habit.
You're fair.
We've got all not much different like a typical meocompany.
It's all right.
It's off to Larry.
We all thank you for giving writers something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go high.
Larry, crack thank you for tapping your shoe.
New stories last a few days.
But you refuse to go away.
Republicans are prime, aren't we gay?
Hey, hey, hey.
It's all to Larry.
We're cheek up now.
We all invite you to a hell of a bun.
Donnie, your con rod.
Like doing certain jokes.
Larry, taking no crap when he's happy, hitting you.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
It's all to Larry.
He wants to stay gay.
But his own party wants him to go away.
He's loving this red hot font.
He needs to say, Larry, crack this red his leg for you.
He wants a man to scream.
You're fair.
Bye, bye, bye.
