No person of this particular
I'm here though
I'm here though
I'm here though
I'm here though
I'm here though
I'm here
5-6-1-W-Q-A-M
I am
For the Lutterdale
I'm there
I'm there
I'm there
I'm there
I'm there
What are you trying to say?
I am feeling so great
5-60-W-Q-A-M
Presents
The Neil Rodriguez
And I'm the cousin everybody else to Neil
Don's a 5-6-7-O
5-60 in Dave and Broward
Hey guys, I'm the one who gets to know Torey
8-7-7-T-O-5
Neil
Or pound 5-60 on your 90-odd
And the Fiddle and the Fides of Wireless phones
The opinions of this guy can do that
His guests or his collars
Do not represent those of WQ-A-M management staff
No sponsors
Now the Neil Roger Show
On 5-60-W-Q-A-M
Neil
Yeah
Let me just say that
Marilyn was one of my closest friends in the biz
And her death
Has hit me so hard
It's so hard
Oh, it's so hard
Oh, oh, I'm gonna miss her
Oh, oh, oh, my God
Hey, man
Poor Marilyn Chamber
She ain't gonna be making no more porno
Unless the Ismerelde factor comes back
What do you think?
Okay
If they want Susan Poirot to make a porno movie
Why not do some stiff, you know?
Right
10-01 at 5-60-W-Q-A-M
It's Tuesday
Boy, I'll tell you, I'm just...
If I didn't have all the flame, I'd feel fine
Not fine, but decent, you know?
That's fine
But I don't
Or I do or something
Bad, really bad crap
This is what the Lord has done
Your God created colds and flu
And all of this crap
All of these things
That was down only 18 points
That's not so bad, huh?
Right
I'll take it to talk real slow today
Real slow and deliver
We don't have a whole lot of stuff
I'll tell you that
Neil at NeilRodgers.com
That's where those precious emails come in
And I noticed that
Yesterday at least
You heard the sirens already?
Oh, boy
At least one good thing
I'm close to a whole bunch of hospitals
I noticed the disappearance
Recently from the fake Jimmy Cifilis
And the fake...
What are some of the other ones?
Greg Budell
Yeah
Larry King
No, Larry King we had yesterday
You're not keeping track of your fakes, Mr. Walter
Well, very well
Speaking of fakers, we got to big-o at two
Can we hear us?
That's the question
I'm so depressed after being down there for four days
Three or whatever was four days
And realizing how bad the signal really is
I mean, it's like
We're just barely moving the needle on the Richter scale
Yeah
Oh, but don't you worry
We've got the new stick, the new fish stick
And yaddy yaddy yaddy
Mad Dogga Chulis at the four o'clock
Seven to eight we got off in the night
The worst tune out in the history of broadcasting
Eight to eleven its DA who's still hanging on
He is still hanging on
I hear the nighttime signal is really something special
I didn't hear that
You know what I did here?
I give up
I've heard about five minutes
Now, you know, five minutes isn't enough time to judge a show
But I heard five minutes of the highly touted
What's all his name, Dan LaBanz to show?
Oh, oh yeah
You talk about sophomoreique juvenile garbage
I have never heard such silly, silly-ass crap
And I'm not big on silly, you know?
No?
No, I'm not big on silly
I like funny, but silly ain't funny
Silly is trying to be funny and not being it
Oh my god, that is the worst shmit I have heard in a long time
It was good, I would tell you, but it was a pathetic
But they make a lot of sounds and a lot of noises and like that
So let's just do that for our save my press
For Thursday, because I won't be here tomorrow
Not here tomorrow, I don't think I'm dead unless you want to
Okay, let's make you feel good
And if my phone rings, I'll be taking a call from Mr. Rutz's name Wang
Yeah
I just need to get something notarized
I don't think he's gonna call me back
It's only like 50 bucks, you know?
Lawyers don't waste their time with that
And by the way, I noticed that Norma, oh boy
I sent him a check after all the begging
Yeah
Not for as much as he probably thought it was gonna be
But for a pretty hefty amount
And I noticed that went through my bank in a heartbeat
Sure
He probably did like a chicken neck walked up and cached it
I don't see any email saying thanks for the check
Or thought you know anything
As opposed to the other email saying, oh geez, where did you send me a check?
What's going on? Oh, whoa
Oh, and here we go
Hey, Buster, I heard your cost of comments about the bird yesterday
How dare you guess who this is from?
The fake shite dark
Right
When are you gonna let him rest in peace?
I'll say heard your nasty comments about Harry Callis
He was a great broadcaster, shame on you, sir
Yeah, he sucked Harry Callis
One of the all-time worst
Keep the, let's get those emails cranking, baby
Here's one that says you're always sick
Neil, what's up with that?
Doi something
Just uh, I don't know what that is
Doi doi?
No, just one doi, DOEI
Do I, I don't know what it is
Yeah, I'm always sick, I'm an old sick, you know
I tell you what I do get sick is when I get on the plane
I don't know what that's all about
There's recirculated air, so if there's one sick person, everybody gets it
Oh, I had to get that being
Not so much in recent years, but boy, I got it this time
Going down and then coming back
Oh
Now that's a good excuse, maybe that isn't what I got it
Maybe I just got it from the climate change being down there
The weather was great, it was beautiful
I just saw the same old crap, I didn't see anything new or exciting or different
No
So a lot of really crappy driving, not as bad as here though
Oh, nobody is as bad a driver as they are here, these crazy old Chinese month
Oh, sorry, Mr. Yang, whatever your name is
Wang
Wang
I changed the pole, aren't you proud of me?
Very
Here's the pole from yesterday, I hate this pole, I think it sucked
I got 969 votes if I'd left it on a little longer we'd got 1000
Then they would fear us if we got 1000 votes on a Monday
Would you go to a nudist county, get totally naked
Sure, I've got nothing to hide, 209
And you could be damn sure that those 209 people are people that nobody wants to see naked
Nobody
Now a 2 shy, 174
Now a 2 fat, 130
Only if I could drop some weight and get into shape first, 97
I'd be too afraid of not measuring up to others, 87
I tried at least 177
77
WBC
I'd be too afraid of getting turned on, 49
Wow
Anybody who gets turned on by the people who go to nudist counties really is a desperate
There have to be just by the law of averages a couple of good looking people
No, okay
I'm already a nudist 41
Now I'm 2 out of 38
Only if my spouse or lover came with me 26
Only if no one I knew was there 24
Like mom or dad
Or the next door neighbor
My religious beliefs forbid that 17 out of 969 vote
My religious beliefs forbid that
The body is evil and gross
Discuss that's right
Especially the private parts
Says Mr. Wayne
Okay, here's the new pool
The now's down 23 points
I'm, you know, I'm telling you right up front it's going to be a slow show today
I'm not mailing it in, I'm like
Snail mailing it in
Okay, pony expressing it in
Yeah
Well, I don't have a lot of energy, you know, this is this is the flu I believe
I'm not one that has ever been able to really tell the difference between a nasty cold and the flu right there with you
Do you know the difference?
No, I always say if I feel really bad that must be the flu and if I don't feel so quite, you know, terribly bad then that's cold
Maybe I got to rock in ammonia and the boogie woogie flu
Yep, maybe have to die
Who who we call to that?
I'm telling the second
Rock in ammonia and the boogie woogie flu
Somebody
Okay, here's the new pool
The most overhyped person, place or thing in America is
American Idol 9
The Jonas Brothers 6
Oh my god, you're picking on Joey?
Hey Joey
What's your packin' baby?
Game Marriage 5
The South Beach Scene 5
You two, two, two for you two
Joe Stone Craves 2
Susan Boyle 1
A Rod and a Steroid Problem 1
The Unemployment of Raiden On, the obesity epidemic none
How about the first 31 take?
Who is that?
Johnny?
Yes
Is it?
Oh my god
Can you believe it?
It could be the instrumental though
Johnny Rivers on top records I believe
This is just the instrumentalist
Oh yeah, great
It just the notes say instrumental but
Oh wait, it's coming
Johnny's coming
He's just a little bit rough
Take him his time
Starts thing is
Very
Oh this is somebody writing it
We missed in Dutch, we missed you with the gay parade in South Beach this weekend
Well, I'll still believe
Sticker with the moon, don't shine
Some Dutchman trying to be a smart ass
Okay, some smelly Dutchman with a lot of foreskin
Oh
The down is making a comeback, it's only down six points
I predict it's going to be up for at least momentarily
Or not
Do we care?
No
A fool in his money are soon parted
Now here's the email of the century
Aren't they all?
Sure
From Mike Johnson
You're what?
Mike Johnson
Neil, so I finally broke down and tried bluebell ice cream as it was on sale of my local
Publix 399 and a half gallon normally 599
Wow, what a bargain
I selected the cookie and cream variety and instantly became arosed at the wonderful taste
AROSED arosed
I could then truly say I had one in my mouth once
This is Mike trying to be funny
And illiterate
After work today I'm running out to buy more any other varieties you recommend he asks
I've never had the bluebell ice cream did I ever say I had it?
Nothing I recall
No, never had it, don't know nothing about it
A lot of people raving about
Maybe one of our zillion of emiors will give you some hot recommendations
To get a rose again
Were you Dutch back in?
Wow, I'm in the White House, the White House, the White River where except this wall is not white anymore
Hey, there's a nice old cow, take it, tear that up
What is made in 1825 mean? Who cares? Where's some paper when you need it?
I got to drop off a steaming pile of chains you can believe in
This will work, it says legislation on it
I'm sure I'm not the first one to fill this with crap
Oh boy, after this I got to break in the first leg and do some presidential humping
Oh wait, mama Obama's tone d'armes, let's go find those
Oh, and note to south, find out where Bill Clinton met by White House bone smug going
Yeah, arse d'armes
Oh boy, oh somebody's got a winner for the pool by the way
Okay, the NFL draft
Adding it now
And what about the White House dog?
Good lord, you mean the Portuguese water dog?
The ugly gross piece of turd
Right, you think by now somebody would have sent me some advice about my pink eye and my mucus in the eyes
And what advice?
What advice with this cold rock?
What advice?
I don't know
Like a bullet to the brain would solve the problem
If I could find my brain
I'd be like a black dumb
Maybe I'm sitting on it
NFL draft
Oh, how can you say that?
This is the most important time of the year, right?
Yeah, whatever you say, crazy people, get all whipped up
And you know who's, I'll tell you who's the craziest of them all about this
Rock solid
Him
Between that thing that they go to, what are they called a combine?
The NFL combine
Where they measure their biceps and their penis and their cheeks and shirts
All that crap?
Oh, he's big into that
The big
Oh!
He'll be on it too this afternoon, I'm sure breathlessly anticipating the NFL draft
And all that hazard ride that's coming up this weekend
Are we preempted on the Friday for that to get ready for it? You would think
All right
I'm looking at the schedule
Now
Now look at that
Friday
The big O at Miami Prime
And then four to seven gym medics in Joe Rose and Bow at Miami Prime
And then all of a sudden at seven we got U.M. Virginia Take Baseball
To bring our screeching halt to all the draft for play
But then on Saturday boy on draft, we got Geltie and Josie and Danny Canal and Bowd
Bowkamper and Oh!
And
Now here's something I don't understand
All right
And ordinarily I don't pay any attention to the weekend schedule and either there's anybody else
Four to eight Saturday the NFL draft now you know I want to ask you a question
I'm going to give you some of the names on here Joe Rose, Jim Maddich, Orlando at Dolphin Stadium
I guess who else is listed here who works for another radio station?
Josh Friedman
No, sit Rosenberg
The voice of the dolphins Jimmy, Cifalus
How is that possible?
Well you understand that it really isn't a separate radio station
What are you talking about?
He's an IOD he's not across all that oh I'm sorry you're right you're right sorry I give them all to you
He's not across the street on the shuttle bus what are you talking about?
He's going to be on our coverage
That lousy that turd that screamer you fat oh my god
Jimmy Cifalus I guess that's because he does the games you know
Makes no sense to me none but then again we have no shame we'll put anybody on
That's why they're talking to sit the kid about doing two to four
Maybe they're talking to sit the kid about doing ten to two
Write a check write a check I've begun so fast you'll never even know I was here
That's funny
I'm counting that's what they ought to do
Because you know in the worst possible way they want to sports you on here in midday
Yep, forget the fact we've had the highest numbers on the station for 11 and a half years
Forget about that you know what your boss says it's not about ratings Hank
It's about ratings it's about firing everybody and especially the Jews
I ain't Jewish Lee Cutler what about him remember I was asking you yesterday yes the sales guy
And did they is he the guy they brought back I know I have to say he was trying to tell me he didn't know the guy's name
I have not seen Lee Cutler lately you know who that is remember we should have temper tantrums in the sales room and bang on the walls
No no I don't remember in our little studio was right next door to his orifice
No I remember that no I remember they named a ridge after him oh this must be a hold on what Mr. Wang
Is a funny first name too
That you should share with the audience
Okay now I got good news and bad news yeah the good news is Mr. Wang is going to be available to see me
I'm going to be bailing out a few minutes early okay now I did I did bail out for three minutes yesterday but I thought I came back pretty fat
That went on president you know my god Niels just mailed again he shows up whenever he feels like it he takes off early
I'm saying roller skates up there no it's just it's right across the street in fact I would have been back sooner if I wasn't for that strange creature
That was getting going up to the gym on the second floor that was a boy no stranger than that oh Susan Boil
At least you can tell it's a woman not not a real woman but some kind of a woman you know yeah this was like a little a little creature feature
I don't know strange I'm telling you the older I get as my life goes on I see more and more bizarre things you know yeah strange people I think is that a guy
I mean not not that I really care wasn't attractive but by any stretch of the imagination I wasn't going to stretch it
In fact at this stage of my life I'm wonder if I'm ever going to stretch it again you know I'm saying I'm really beginning to have my doubts
Well I was nice to Mr. Wayne coming back wasn't it yeah what's his first name I don't have the card in front of me and don't start don't start making up dirty jokes
I'm not making up any dirty his name is Pishi of Mashi Pisher Mashi Pisher Wang Pishi Wang yeah that's his name something like that
They're Pishi Wang they're pills for that although it's China man they must have they must have a real obsession with Wang
Quomack was what's a lot of babies helps that them Chinese they reproduce like wavits God that's a good that's an excellent question to ask pull question to ask which people reproduce the most
What's the word I'm looking for and then the greatest number to most yeah reproduce the most most of them certainly got to be in there Catholics of course those who obey the Pope that's right
Chinese man oh my God the Amish the Amish make a lot of babies how about the Mormons they can't sure the Mormons even with that magic underwear getting in the way they're brains out
We'll start making the list you like that I like that I'm sure we've never done that it's just fine no we have done well that's good and I actually came up with it
Oh man well I'm so glad that Mr. Wang is gonna yeah
Oh so I'm gonna bail out about I don't know quarter of two how's that okay whatever it's all good then when you can handle it you can get
Stay in there to hold your hand you know somebody or somebody else get what's his name fix it in there he was in it this morning
And I was a little surly with him because he was cranking up that music and I was I was thinking you were back from rejoicing yeah and he was
Oh yeah he's surly fix it well he fixed it did he fixed it
Yes he did does you know Mr. Wang
I think they're chummy I think they're buds
That was nice to him to call me back though because this is not you know I mean he's like a lawyer kind of sort of
And he's also a notary public don't you think that's a rip off 50 bucks just for them to like watch you sign a piece of paper
And then they it is he put that what do you call those things the official seal the notary seal on there that's right they have a stamp now but yeah it's a seal they have a stamp and a seal
Remember the crimper they use the crimp it oh yeah they don't they don't have that no it's similar though they stick the page in between the thing and they
Yeah then they crimp it not anymore yeah he did that and he also had this the seal maybe in canadia they don't crimp it anymore down here
Well whatever I don't think anybody really cares about it's not it's not what you call it telling me my life
Oh and and got by the way I know who the fake Johnny Dark is okay you remember a crazy a myrio from higher leo yes that's who it is
He's the only one that does the sir sir thing well sir you call us a show sir sir he can't he can't reach you know
So he's the fake Johnny dark and probably a bunch of other fakers because he's a crazy person like that sir
Jesse's is glad you are back welcome back what a long week with George in his fantasy stories about how he gets laid by everybody and anybody like a broken record same crap again and again I think he's starting to believe his own
Bolshevik stories what a clown PS I saw you last night on verses at the Rangers game you're wearing the S a ticket in Jersey
Didn't help too much Rangers got shut out for nothing by the crap at all last night wow Rangers Rangers
I despised the Rangers but mainly because of their fans I don't really care about any of these I like the black hawks who won that game Calgary and Chicago last night I like the young hawks
God I sure like to be in that locker room just for five minutes the Chicago black hawk locker in Patrick Kane and Jonathan Tabes and
What's his name Marty have let oh Marty yeah Marty scored the winning goal and overtime in the first game the other night
Whenever the hell it was I'll look it up because nobody will know it's a hockey question oh we don't know about hockey down here all we care about the NFL draft you're so out of touch mister sir yeah it's crazy Mario he's he's a he's got his finger in it
Okay, so aren't you excited about my appointment with mr. Wang no not really and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna call my even though it's right up the street I'm gonna call my cab guy and have him zip me up there
You know what I mean yeah so I can rush I'll be all dressed with you know I have this down to a science anyway yeah you do I got my crap together man beware of exploding balls
The
In the end
And see are the champions
They
On the black hawks lost order to an official game. Thank you blackie see we got one guy out there knows what's going on
So they hocks do lead that series against Calgary two to one against the flavors
Oh
Baron fits says
He says blue bell tropical paradise gives me a Booner BUNER R
See something sometimes yeah sometimes making a little typo is good because if you wouldn't have made the typo I couldn't have read it
Correct right but a Booner sure what a mooner
Booner well I'm a little choked up
I think I'm making a comeback I don't know and let me just give you the report the follow up on the sorbet hall and the oxygen
Halls mental looked like oh yeah how do I at all come out oh it sure did
Uh-huh whoa
And took about an hour and a half what I've discovered with the sugar-free stuff the sorbet hall stuff is that you can have a you know like one or two
And that's fine but there's a critical mass that once you reach it. Oh I love you so critical mass it explode my ass
Yeah, it also had lots of gas
That was kind of embarrassing because I don't know about you, but I'm just not really big on farting in the presence of other people
Yeah, right and
Paco was here which oh and I was forced to watch again the worst show in history of manca another shot it
Somebody needs to be murdered whoever put that show on here, but anyway, so as he was leaving I was farting you know
I'm uncontrollably farting
Which he deemed to be gross, but you know it's one of those things. I'm sure he farts
He was says I never emailed you but had to ask you there was a book report by a Richard Pactor
In yesterday's Miami-Herald is that the same guy
Yeah, there's only one yeah, there is only one
Like in the exorcist there is only one
And was that father Miran who said that I forget
Old father Miran that was the what was his name the actor Max von Sydown Max von Sydown very good
Whoa, he was only about 400 years old the thousand down 45 points
I think I made a premature evaluation. I said it was gonna go up. I don't think so
We're still waiting for the Obama bounce Maria
100 from Maria in a coons age of course, I've been on vacation
And sick
Although I wasn't sick enough to keep me away from the casino while I was down there lost my ass, but
Why is that
Why why why what did you lose your ass? Why do I do so well at woodbine and when I go down there I always always lose
Very jackass as I know you usually don't do links, but you have to see this
Kimba Bo camper in the shower with Jim Kerry. Yeah, we have a scene that's a world we've seen in a million times
You've seen it right yeah
boring boring Barry gets a new material
No, oh a Baron is back. He says blue bell tropical paradise. Give me a Booner
a beauty
Wow
Also for the pool the religion
Coming right up the most overhyped person place or thing in America
Yeah, you go to other countries of the world other than Latin America where all the Catholics are brainwashed
But you go to luck in Europe for Western Europe and the religion is like, you know, they can take it or leave it mostly leave it
11 votes American Idol 45 how about just a generic reality shows can we put that on there sure
American Idol 45 the Jonas Brothers 17
They're picking on poor Joey
Those kids couldn't sing they couldn't sing like happy birthday. I mean just right tragic
The South Beach scene 16 game mirrored six
Joe Stone crab restaurant six the White House dog a late edition has got five the NFL draft five
I got a good one from the fake Jimmy Cifalus here about the NFL draft here just I'll get to it momentarily
Um you two five a rod in the steroid problem three Susan Boyle two the unemployment rate one and the obesity epidemic none
us
Zero Zippity dooo for fat
So the fake Jimmy Cifalus says
How dare you knock the NFL draft
This is one of the biggest days of the sports you you're damn right
I'm gonna be on this weekend and you failed at your attempts to give you off the broadcast
You also failed at your attempts to get the broadcast off QAM oh sorry
Joseph Gackie and Captain Curtis do a great job on the weekends on Saturday morning sports
page, which is Jimmy show.
Jimmy Mandage.
You ever hear anybody call him Jimmy?
No.
No.
Maybe again.
The mummy civilist.
You ferry.
My friend Bill Simfer calls in every weekend as well.
We're going to have a great broadcast this weekend.
Josie Curtis, Kimba Bo camper, the big O Jim Jo and I, or is that Jimmy will be a dolphin
stadium broadcasting live from Dolphin Stadium.
Continue to be out of touch, exclamation point.
Okay, I will.
I got to go see Mr. Wang later on.
I'm still waiting for you to dig up his first name.
No, don't make one up.
You want me to go get the card?
Yeah.
Okay, give me his business card.
I'll be right back.
Here goes.
His name is Max.
I
His name is
Pushing Wang
Or could be pronounced I guess Pishing Wang
What other kind of Wang is there as a Pishing Wang
I
Don't know why you find that so easy
He's a Chinese name is a funny and he's not smelly either. He's not a smelly Chinese mom. He's like you know a guy
Let's have some trouble. I
Black he says I can't help but laugh every time I hear the name Wang. He reminds me of the movie Kettyshack
Wang was Rodney Dangerfield's driver in the movie he told Wang when they arrived at Bushwood that this place was restricted and don't tell them your Jewish
Classic is blackie
Remember a Wang being Rodney Dangerfield's driver. Yes, I don't
You know how many years ago how many hundred years ago I saw that 100 Kettyshack
Oh, you don't sound too good. No, it'll time to go home
Wow
I don't really get that many calls in spite of the fact they say oh you're always sick. I don't think I'm always sick. Do you?
No, I'm not you're not always sick anymore than I'm always sick, but you're always sick and that
I mean it was a period of time when I first came up here and it was the sinus thing remember that? Mm-hmm
Oh, brother always was like just dying over here
But I'll survive
Niovajers well here we go again. Oh frosty mad this portion of this show brought to you by North Korea's Kim Jong Il
Your dyed black hair your oversized glasses your comfortable polyester clothes
He's like a cute little old lady just completely out of his freaking mind. I wonder if Kim Jong Il was related to a Mr. Wang
you think maybe
Frankie says hey, Neil, I hate to tell you but you got ripped off on the Nordic deal
You shouldn't pay more than ten or twelve bucks to get something to order eyes well, it's just handy, you know
And the guys right up the street and you know, it's just how far as you know how much it costs in Canada. Maybe it's different up there
Yeah, that's right in canadia
But don't knock jure uh Frankie because he's giving you some props here. Oh wasn't talking and I was just saying
George did a great job while you were on vacation can't wait till you guys hit the summer schedule so we can hear more from him
Oh, you have to wait for that he'll be on tomorrow
As you're gonna have that power 96 grow on question mark. Maybe I don't see Lopez never know love you and he'll keep up the good work Frankie
And then he says you came to South Florida for a vacation question mark
Well, I was I had the week off and I had some stuff I had to do and right taking care of business
Yeah, take your business and some friends
hanging out losing some money
It was okay. I had a good time
In fact, the last two times I've been down there. I had a good time. Good nice. Yes
You know what I really love this this is discussing. Yes, especially being what?
No, go ahead
Go ahead. Yeah, that's what I said
Wang yeah
Yeah
At the food court at the hard rock yeah, they have an ice cream joint okay, and they have the best hot fudge Sundays on chocolate ice cream
You know, I mean just with whipped cream, you know, and a little maraschino cherry
I mean obviously send my blood sugar soaring just
Insane, but boy, they're really good
Sounds good. Don't like hot fudge Sundays very much what are you talking about on chocolate ice cream? Yeah, yeah
Life is around
See, that's one thing Mickey D's does wrong and once in a while I'll give you know
I'll be horny for one and little hot fudge Sundays, so there's but they use that vanilla
Whatever it is not really ice cream. What do you call that? So I'm talking about DQ
No, I'm talking about Mickey D's oh, oh DQ. They don't have ice cream. No, they have soft serve softly. They're honest about it
They don't know how that's great. All that server's hard yesterday. I sure served up a lot of soft serve. Oh
Tastes degrees
It's a good thing I stayed close to home though. I've learned my lesson
Johnny dark is back. He says crazy Mario question mark. You should only be so lucky
But it whatever that means I'm sick of your attacks on great local broadcasters. Give it a rest already
Harry Callis had a style similar to sunny Hirsch
Oh, my god. What's he talking about
You continue to turn on everyone
George was caustic for months and then wonders why Joe Bell wants to replace him
He gives no effort to your show, but then comes to
Comes alive when all of a sudden when he hosts
Coincidence
Yeah, when he hosts he's supposed to be the
I'm supposed to talk in a lot I imagine that's right. He's supposed to be the mood driver and shaker
Supposed to be moving it and shaking it
Johnny and could be the real Johnny dork. He's a you know, he's a jackass could be him, but it's very all
You should be so lucky who else would say that besides crazy Mario. I don't know from Mario sir
You want I don't know from Mario
Yeah, you do he's the one with the death threat
Oh, we're back in the early stages of the yes emails. Yeah
And then Joyce's response that will need a lot of me doing something about that
Yeah
I'm gonna tell you something
The whole business with Ken Maulden
Has got me so upset. I mean there are no words to describe it even though the sun just came out here finally
After rain for 28 hours, but nevertheless, and just it's unacceptable
Why is it that the good people in this world get screwed over badly badly
They get the shaft because the evil people are the ones doing the screwing that's true
Very jackass is sorry about that usually jikers the one with the old material
Everyone seems to be wrapped up about this weekend. I'm not
Can you imagine Josie Jimmy syphilis and Kimba Bulkamp were on the earth the same time that should put I am ambion out of business
Put the world of sleep in a coma
Ambien my ass
I'll go get a pill
Oh, this is bad to bat two Chinese names. I can't read that's right
Maybe I can read them no, I'll pretend that you did and then just go ahead and laugh
Suk ping Kong
I ain't going anywhere near that what huh?
Would you say go ahead oh and the other one is chew on
Poon
If you do you're doing it wrong
143 votes on the pool and American idols winning hands down your pants most overhyped
Now what was that show that the Susan Boyle was on was that the British?
The British version of American I guess British Idol and is that why Simon Cowell is on that one too
He's an ass clown never left. He's responsible for such great acts as Westlife
Moody mean by that Westlife was great. Well that they're his baby. He was the big papa of Westlife
He assembled them they were they were great. I don't hear nothing from them no more, but then again
They were good. They had some good songs Westlife you didn't like them no
I'm trying to think what they look like couple of more pretty. What you're saying what bunch of faggets
But you're faggets such a makeup wearing little Britain. Are you kidding me? Yeah
Is there anybody is there any male in Britain who is not a fag?
I don't know. I haven't taken a I don't think so
I mean Prince Charles he'll tell you more for me if they are
He'll tell you
He's a book at Owen Prince Charlie
It's been the dittling with the hired hands
Heath who some days I don't know about him. You know heath. Yeah, I know heath
He says hey guys love the show. He's got a poll suggestion
My poll suggestion South Florida's real estate market. I don't understand what that oh I see for today
My wife and I lost our asses on a puny townhome at bot in 2005. I'm sorry to hear that heath
Just wanted to say hello. Let you know. I love the show. This can't be the same heath
Uh, you know, I mean yeah, I know you mean
I have my lunch in my car if you need to listen to the 11th of the new hour
Georgian flea have done a great job on the old south
You guys are always a great source of laughs and interesting discussions
Cheers heath and Miami Lakes must be a different heath must be
PS George I know you're into music. There's a great local reggae band. I've been turned on originally
And it's chopped off your fourth dimension is that it okay something to mention they've been playing clubs since 2000
They're great see ya since he's so maybe he'll have to rewrite what that or that is because it's chopped off
It's FOU something to mention
Let's do something about these chopped off emails on the right hand side there they're they're all chopped off
But when you're an old pro like I am mm-hmm, especially the old part
The words just flow off your tongue like
Yeah, like what flies off mr. Wang oh
You got to admit the Chinese there's a lot of like the Muslims I think are the worst with names everybody is ah
Ahmed Mohammed the other sports, you know something right
And you notice how they the semites the Jews in the Arabs even though they've been killing each other for 5,000 plus years
They got so much in common with the Jews of kosher and their Muslims it's halal yeah halal their kin man
I know well, I guess it's the oldest family feud going that's right no feud like a family feud boy
Talk about the great heath halal
Like my cab guy says halal my ass really how do you do that?
Gotta get a rabbi to bless it gotta get a Muslim mom what do they call him?
Uh, e-mom then e-mom that's right e-mom
Steve from Vegas is field better. Well, he's the only one who cares about my feelings, you know
Don't forget I'm getting out of here quarter to I won't and if anybody says anything about it too bad
For the serve that little uh 15-minute segment there in fact maybe we'll make it an everyday deal
I don't think so
What a slacker
I'm illan man. I'm illan and I got business to take care of okay monkey business
Steve from Vegas is Las Vegas is hosting the National Association of Broadcasts and Convention and
We're glad to have any convention even them. Yeah, they're hurting out there in Vegas, you know, they're hurting for certain
Nobody's got any money
Our jolly joe and the other beastly heavyweights here question mark. I doubt it. I think they can afford to go. Is he around?
Who joe yeah, yes on this morning. No did you yeah? Yeah, did you talk?
We spoke briefly and said he's uh he opened the door to the studio and said you're still here
He's not funny
Not funny. He's an ass clown and you said
Yeah, it was supplies last
Fff
Steeces they have a talk station in Vegas that is the stronger signal in Nevada and they're doing fractions in the ratings fractions
Instead of the wall of football kdwn is doing it with news weather and traffic and Michael's savage
The only show that's listable is filled from midnight till two in the morning
So Steve from Vegas. How do you like that? They got the strongest civil mistake and they're doing fractions
And you want to know why
Why that's the beastly fn way that's why
Well, they know about radio you could put in a teacup and have room for Susan Boyle's fat ass leftover
She does have a big ass
Never been kissed by man. Let me ask you why would you tell anybody something like that
Listen if not for her look and her tragic story
She would not be getting all his attention and make up
Oh, but she sings so wonderful and she's from Scotland. Oh, she's so wonderful
She looks like a money python character now that yeah, exactly. That's why I did that
Here's one from my can hollywood my 40th birthday was a couple weeks ago
I just found out I'm gonna be a grandfather does this mean I'm old now yes no way 40. Yeah, oh ancient geezer
What I wouldn't give to be 40 again. Are you smitten me?
God 40
Forties like a teenager especially in soft Florida. Oh my god the old Yentos
They're in the casinos down there the old Yentos. Oh my god. Look at that. He's playing the maximum
You know how much I got to lose so far. Oh my god
They all got their nose and everybody else's machine and they're all loud nub-nub-nub just and they're mostly walking ads for anti-Semitism
nauseating old bags
Oh, well, why don't you do this and why does he do that about watch a shut-up honey and get out of my face
Go away. Oh, and then there was this one chick
Who stood behind a quick hit machine she wasn't playing she just stood behind you
And she's just giving everybody advice. I guess she's the quick hit advisor
And then we moved to some other ones another bank of machines and I got
Free games, you know 20 plus the a wild 25 for him and I hear
I've never heard anybody applauding at a casino before she's and I look around she's back there again
Oh, that's very good very good
You know
Yeah, I thought to myself I know exactly where I am after there are a lot of strange birds at woodbind
but
There are
Strange and smelly I didn't I didn't encounter any smelly people in the casinos down there
Isn't that good good see I said something good about South Carolina
The people of South Florida smell better than the ethnics at woodbind in Toronto trust me
Yeah, this is the neo-roger show
Rock rock rock rock solid. This is your brain
Any questions
Oh
Friends go with me back
Hey back in the back
Open wide
Say
Well, I can't be back in what is that in your mouth
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth
Why can't you ever just keep your big mouth shut
I
Can't keep my mouth shut because I'm going to sit you big mouth
The next thing I remember is having my knees in my ears
You have something you teeth
I just I don't have a good feeling about this
Oh
It's hard to talk and keep it
How about I sit on your kinky face for a while while you think about that
Oh
Take a little bit shake him round the bed
Make him do a flip then squeeze
Take a little bit shake him round the bed make him do a flip then squeeze
I'm saying, oh my God, I'm awesome.
I'll tell you one thing, speaking of awesome, that flea, he's the hell of a guy, even though
he does want your job.
No, he doesn't.
No, he denies it.
Right.
I mean, what's he going to say?
Right?
Is he going to say, oh yeah, I'm trying to stand my good friend Georgian to back and take
over his job?
Never should not have to say that.
I believe in no.
I believe in two.
Well, good.
Well, why didn't you tell me that thing about Joe Bell before the show this morning?
I can't.
That is so typical and so grotesque.
Flip my mind.
I was busy doing with that spot and done.
Not a funny man.
Not a funny guy.
Funny to look at, but not a funny guy.
And like I've always said, there's nothing worse than somebody trying to be funny who's
not.
That's Joe Bell.
Flea says today I have scheduled a giveaway just for online listeners.
Sometimes, during the new hour, we'll give away a pair of tickets to the He-Hawks game
on Monday.
There'll be a cue to call that'll play in the new hour online.
Right.
That's pretty good.
Yes, it is.
We're actually doing something for the people listening online.
Nice going, Flea.
Aren't you shocked?
Not by him, no.
Now we're actually doing something for our people.
No, because it's his idea and he's doing it.
He likes this show.
Here's one from Ubidubi who says you moved to Toronto because you like the people there.
Question mark.
Toronto is a cesspool of the worst immigrants in the most backward third world countries
all over the world.
A rank rotten simmering powder keg just waiting to go off.
Yeah, I don't disagree with that.
So what about it?
Toronto is a cesspool.
Can you believe that?
Anybody would say that?
Well, I've never been there.
So this is one of the great cities of the world.
OK.
And the fact that there's a lot of the worst immigrants from the most, that's because
immigration here, they like those people.
If you look like a terrorist, come on in.
Welcome to Canada.
That's the freaking truth.
If you look like a clean, shaving, clean cut kind of like average a Joe or Jane or whatever.
Oh, let's put you in the secondary screening and put you through living hell like they
did to me that one time coming back from Europe.
Oh my god.
Have you ever stolen a freight train?
Can you prove it?
But if you got like a beard and you got like something attached to your around your waist,
it looks like a suicide bomber's a gear.
Welcome to Canada.
That's true.
So whatever you say, I'm doing fine.
I like it.
Johnny Dark is back.
Subject you're sick.
But this isn't what you think.
OK.
As much as I don't like how you treat my fellow radio people, I don't want you to go.
Take care of yourself.
You old fart.
I'm worried about you.
You sound terrible.
It's not terrible because I got a bad cold or the flu or something.
OK.
I'm not sure what a lot of us would do without the sound of your voice on the radio.
If we never see each other again, goodbye old cout.
Thanks for the years of great radio.
I've enjoyed our love, hey, relationship over the years.
Johnny.
I do think that's the real Johnny dark.
Of course not.
You don't know.
But it was nice.
So we're touching.
Are you touching it?
No.
I think he was in my condition.
You think it sounds like Johnny is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God, the thought of it.
I wouldn't even know where to find it.
Maybe I'll ask Mr. Wang for directions.
He's a real ugly guy, by the way.
You know, a lot of the Chinese guys are really very, very hot, but he's not one of them.
OK.
He's a man.
In fact, maybe he's not Chinese.
Maybe he's, yeah, that sounds.
Could he be Japanese with a name like that or Chinese Chinese?
Now how do you know because your daughter went to Japan, right?
So how do you know about the first of all?
I know that Chinese name, Chinese name.
Second of all, Japanese names don't sound like that.
They sound like ito.
I always sound like ito and things like that.
Ito?
Short syllables.
Like Judge Ito.
Right.
He was Japanese.
He was a turd.
They played him like a strativarius, like an old fiddle.
Yeah.
Here's one.
It says, how about opening the phones to get people's take on US Cuba relations?
No.
I'm not opening the phones to get anybody's take on anything.
You know, how many months it's been since I've taken a call?
100.
Thank God.
I'd love to hear who Cuba's going to take in the third round.
Just kidding, of course, but it'll make sense considering that that's all that's being
talked about this week on the station, the draft sucks.
Yeah, that's right.
Sorry to hear your feeling like crap.
I called George once last week into the great job says CT.
Well, thanks CT.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Scott and panelists, parks, has dysphelialized that most of the online listeners don't live
in South Florida and can't get to the game.
You know, that's an interesting point.
But I don't know about most, but some do and it's for them.
That's right.
It's the ones who listen online in South Florida.
Or the ones who can get there.
Scott, right.
And it seemed to me that if you were a big fan and they got free tickets, you could drive
all the way down to South Florida, drive down to the Mickey, I've stepped to Mickey Arena
as much as they might like us to make prizes available that are, you know, for something's
going on in their community.
You know, we live here.
You do.
Yeah.
Better you than me.
If you, I find her.
Then are you than me?
Today is a big day at Duncan Donuts.
You know that?
I should have done this at the start, but it got shuffled down in toward the bottom of
my pile.
He would normally, here, here's one near the bottom and deservedly so.
Says George and Fleet did a great last week, even with an on-stop paraded drive by ass
clowns and closets, sport holes says, Mark and West Palm.
What he means by that, I have no idea.
Did you have a non-stop paraded drive by ass clowns and closets, sport holes?
I don't know about the closets, sport holes.
You know, the ass clowns are always there.
No.
Although it took a while to catch up.
Took them a while to catch up with like Wednesday before they really started in
heavy.
We're going to tell you folks something.
You better get those damn emails in if I'm going to make it to 145 because it's pretty
slim and grim.
Really slim what's coming in here so far.
How's the Dow doing?
Not good.
Oh, wait a minute.
The S&P is up three and a half points.
That means the Dow might be doing okay.
What do you think?
Okay.
What do you think as Lee Fowler would say?
Does anybody care?
No.
What are the things around anymore?
Dow is up 12 and a half points and I tell you that Dow would be up before the day
was out tonight at least briefly and I say that?
Yes.
That's why psychic powers, man.
My psychotic powers.
Still haven't heard from the lovely Maria with those bags under her eyes.
I got pink eye in both eyes.
Wow.
Nice.
You wake up.
Their eyes are sealed shut and crushed.
Just about the left eye.
Bad.
The last two mornings with all kinds of gunk and oh, you got to do like a special cleaning
operation on the eye, you know.
Right.
What is that?
Is that the colder flu?
It's pink eye or death.
Pink eye is what?
What is pink eye?
Pink eye is when you get some sort of an infection or bacteria.
I'm not sure what causes it in your eye.
So you get a lot of mucus flowing out into your eye.
What does it have to do with all the mucus in my throat?
Maybe something.
Maybe nothing.
I don't know.
Ask a doctor.
Ask Mr. Wang.
Mr. Wang don't know.
Maybe he knows some ancient Chinese medicine.
Maybe he knows some ancient Chinese secrets.
That's right.
Maybe he's going to do some acupuncture.
Stick it in your eye.
I don't think he's going to be able to.
He's got a big meeting between two and four.
That's why I got to get out of here early.
I'm not doing it to be a slacker.
I'm just doing it because that's the only time he can see me.
And where do you think I'm going after Mr. Wang?
I don't know.
Woodbind.
Well, I'm going with my cabbie.
So I'm going to be in the cab.
Might as well go, you know.
Right.
You got to come back real fast and fact something to somebody and then I'll be back in that
cab again.
I'll end up on the road again.
Got to make back the money.
I lost down there.
Well, I took a beating.
Digit in.
Yeah.
Anyway, today is iced coffee day at Duncan Donuts.
Now do they spend any money on the station or not?
Because every once in a while I get suckered into promoting something for somebody that don't
give a squad.
But they used to.
They used to bring us those short stacks.
Remember those days?
Sure.
If we're difficult, pissed them off and chased them away.
See, I get accused of chasing everybody way.
It's default who chases everybody, when including the audience.
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I'm looking at the white whale.
It is all silly.
You work with a guy named Holly Salon.
I thought you didn't believe in torture.
I'm a butcher.
Watch out for that.
What do you do here?
I'm a political advisor.
This is the part of the world where friendship matters.
My sisters go to work to meet you.
The brothers of awareness.
The movement that was the worst of the evil of the major to the sea on the day.
Light is on you.
You will be the worst of the evil.
You know what it lacks the Middle East, buddy?
And that's the problem right there.
Yeah, maybe that's the problem right there, the way that ended.
What just happened?
It just ended.
I guess they ran out of ideas.
That was really the end?
Wait a minute.
Yeah, I guess that was it.
Well, strange, strange.
But anyway.
Hey, how?
Somebody used to say, hey, how?
1118 at 560 WQAM.
Boy, I'm telling you if I could just take a scooper, a pooper scooper or something and scoop
out all the flim.
You can't just discuss it so many times over years about flim and flim dust and crap
like that.
And I'm one of those people.
I don't want to get a whole big bunch out, you know, up in my throat.
I don't want to swallow it.
Right.
That's yucky.
Yeah.
And I'm afraid it's going to go back where it came from, which is not correct.
Right, but it'll make you a gag.
It's nasty anyway.
Is it?
But I don't think it's bad for you.
It's just it's just I don't know, but it's just gross.
Maybe I have flim for lunch today.
It's a low carb.
Why not?
Yeah.
Somebody Waltz is maybe the whole Somali pirates scenario is a huge overnight that
qualifies for today's poll.
What do you think?
Sure, why not?
Somali pirate, whatever.
Yeah, this whole business about pirates.
I mean, you know, I think there've been two damn many Johnny Depp movies.
That's what I think.
I like Johnny a lot, but too many of those movies.
You see a pirate shoot him.
Like they they they dignify these people like suicide bombers.
I mean, is there something legitimate about suicide bombers?
Nope.
Crazy people dangerous people really dangerous like most of the people in my
building here like that one fact said that email whatever was.
Jim DeFeedus grew Susan Boyle.
That's coming to a theater near you soon.
Wow.
Jimmy does Susan.
Yeah, freak show productions.
Presenters Puerto Rican.
I'll round pink.
I'll ride conjunctivitis.
Says me a whole thing here.
Which is kind of a music because I just looked it up on the just Google it.
Yeah, but he's got a much better thing here than I do.
Thanks PR Ralph.
Baron fits repeats.
Blue, this is the third time he sent it and he still keeps spelling it the same way.
Blue Bell tropical paradise gives me a Booner BUNER BUNER.
Must be really good that huh?
I know.
I'm not in the market for ice cream these days.
I'm trying to phase myself out of the ice cream market.
Do you think that's a good idea?
Yeah, get you a nice shallad and pretend it's ice cream.
Oh, a shallad?
Yes.
Where's martiala when we need him?
Not that kind of shallad.
A nice leafy shallad.
Some lettuce.
Oh, it's finished.
Fui.
What is a pink eye infection conjunctivitis?
Pink eye or conjunctivitis?
This is a common IAL mint that's affected many of us.
It's caused by infection or inflammation of the conjunctiva.
Pink eyes usually brought about either by bacteria or viral or numerous allergic factors.
Although pink eyes not a serious eye disease, the bacterial cause needs to be treated because
the symptoms don't go away without proper treatment.
And this variant of conjunctivitis can be passed down to other people just by coming into
contact with the exact identical items.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Conjunctivitis usually looks very bad on first diagnosis.
This is the eye can turn very red, but the worst part is usually the irritation and the
itchiness.
I don't have like a bad case, a bad dose.
In fact, it's less pink right now than it was yesterday and the eye too.
Pink eye results in redness, irritation, and inflammation of the conjunctiva.
The conjunctiva is the thin membrane that covers the white portion of the eyes as well as
the inner surface of the eyelids.
Conjunctivitis usually reacts to bacteria, viruses, allergy, allergy causing
medium.
It's allergies, man.
All right.
Or diseases of some parts of the body.
Viral conjunctiva, that may this goes on forever.
Induced by viruses that spread from various ailments like colds, sore throats, respiratory
infections.
And other than that's what I got, it's a bad cold.
That's all.
What are you getting all excited about?
The Christ shakes.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Jesus Christ, Solomon and Moses, and Abraham.
This pink eye contagious.
The bacterial and viral pink eyes contagious, but allergic pink eyes not.
It can be hard to tell which is present, but allergic pink eye usually goes
away after a short amount of time when irritation, the irritant agent is removed and the
eyes rinse out.
When it down, I'm going to go rinse it out.
I'm going to go during the commercial break and rinse out my eyes.
Sure.
Do you have any, you, a bison or anything like that?
No.
No God.
Maybe I could, there's a drug store not too far from here.
Well, get some while you're out.
No, I was thinking of doing what I did yesterday.
I wouldn't be back quite as fast.
People who contract pink eye just by touching or using another article that's been
infected by personalized the eye infection.
For a simple illustration, a personalized pink eye whose rubbed his eyes used that hand to
open a door or used an object near the eye like eye makeup or eye drops could end up
infecting someone else who touches the aforementioned door or uses the same object in their eye,
eye, eye, eye.
This is why it encouraged that people more often kids who are diagnosed with pink eye should stay
home until the infection is cured to avoid giving the infection to other people.
Well, I sure hope I don't give it to a paco.
He'll be wild, just psychotic.
I got it from you.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Crazy person.
I don't think so.
Pink eye medication can be a mix of prescribed and over-the-counter medicines.
For bacterial infections, a doctor must prescribe pink eye antibiotic to attack the bacteria.
This can be delivered in varieties like eye drops, or I'm instead applied to the eyes for a few days.
Pattenol is one solution that's been proven about buh, buh, buh, buh, and it's got a list of other crap.
This goes on for like four pages here.
But then it'll go away.
Always does.
I haven't had it before.
Have any of you had pink eye?
Sure.
Then what did you do?
Eye drops until it goes away.
Eye drops.
Yeah, I mean, it's just a symptom thing.
You wash your eyes in the morning because there's all that crud there.
So you get a warm washcloth and wash them out.
You keep eye drops in there to try to keep them from crushing up for the rest of the day.
I'll tell you one thing.
For the next two hours, I've got to be washing my eyes.
Just wash it.
Before I go see Mr. Wang.
Right.
Oh my god.
Jorge.
Hey, the different or hey,
human George sends me a long email.
I got to print this baby out.
Wow.
I don't know if this is going to be or three.
You're not.
It'll kill some good time though.
And seeing it has how it's not even 1130.
At the thousand fifty two points.
Told you, pirate suspect goes to court.
He's laughing and showed his ass.
Okay.
Shoot him right on TV.
Blow his fricking brains out if you can find out where he's hiding him.
Oh, you.
You're listening to Neil Vajor.
Pirate my ass.
Neil.
God.
At last, the new book from the late best-selling author Michael Crighton.
500 pages of nothing.
After Michael passed away,
publisher scoured his office and found 500 thrilling sheets of blank pages
bound tightly in one room, unedited and raw.
And now the critics are raving.
The New York Times exclaims amazing.
The pages may be blank, but you can't help but try and grasp the incredible symbolism.
Time magazine says 500 pages of nothing is beyond comprehension.
And the first Michael Crighton book you can finish in a day.
You won't be able to put it down next to the other stacks of paper and hope to find it again.
500 pages of nothing.
You can't say you haven't seen everything Michael Crighton hasn't finished
until you haven't read his latest novel.
Every true fan must buy this book.
For 49.95.
Wait till you hear this email from Cuban George.
I'll get to it.
But first, guess what I found?
Pink eye.
No, guess what I found in the medicine cabinet.
Byzine.
Polly Sporen.
I slash eardrops.
Oh, I an eardrops.
That'll be good.
Now, how I don't understand how that works?
How can I and eardrops be the same?
Um, I don't know.
Because they're close to each other.
Because it's a cleaning solution.
I see.
I just glorified water.
You will as soon as you squirt that stuff in there.
Nixon says I'm not trying to be funny here,
but squeezing the dropper to have lemon juice in the artwork for me instantly.
Ah!
For me, it'll hurt his health, but the highly effective.
Go ahead and try it.
I don't have any lemons and I wouldn't do it anyway.
Yeah, somebody's going to write,
well, put some battery acid in there.
That'll clean it all out.
Lemon juice.
Can you imagine that?
I don't want to.
Why don't you just take the lemon rind and squeeze that into your eye?
This expires February 2010,
so this has still got a good almost a year on it.
Yeah.
So let me squeeze a couple of drops.
Let's do it on the air.
Okay, well, I eat this grilled chicken from KFC.
You got free food in there again?
Yeah, they got the new grilled chicken.
And there's a pretty good station with it.
Well, let me try this.
Oh, um.
Uh.
Oh.
Well, I got some on my cheek.
That was good.
Oh, I don't think I got any of my eye though.
Maybe I need to go into, uh, huh?
There's a trick that you're supposed to do.
What's the trick?
You taught your head back.
Yeah, close your eyes.
Put a couple of drops in the corner of your eye,
the put the side of your eye closes to your nose.
While your eyes are closed.
Yeah.
And then blink.
Good work, George.
An opt, uh, a night doctor taught me that for those of us who can't keep our eyes open.
And drop the drops right directly into our eye.
Well, it worked.
I mean, at least at least I got into my eyes.
Yeah.
I can do that.
Sit there and hold your eye open and drop stuff into it.
Fix me out.
No.
Hmm.
Scroll, chicken sure is good.
So where do you drop the battery acid?
In the corner.
Maybe that's what they call it acid.
R.
Chubby Adam Oshmok.
Nothing like fat people giving advice about how to lose weight.
How to lose weight.
No, they don't know.
Chubby Adam says, if you're addicted to chocolate like I am looking to something called
Miracle Fruit.
I've seen some miracle fruits in my time.
They sell both the seeds and freeze dried tablets online.
Essentially the fruit interacts with your taste buds and makes sour nasty stuff taste
ridiculously sweet.
Lemons and vinegar taste like candy and sweet fruit like oranges taste like sex.
It's a great way to manage cravings and a cool party trick.
Orange is taste like sex.
Sex with who?
That's the important thing.
In regards to the pink eyes, highly contagious, so make sure you don't rub your eyes and shake Mr.
Wang's thing.
Had.
Yeah.
Mr. Wang.
Highly contagious.
Not good.
Okay, here's this story from Jorge is the doctor in.
Neil, I'm 42.
I just could put on blood pressure medication about six months ago.
I was working in my car.
I had stopped and loaded up on some taco bell about $12 worth.
I had a soft steak taco, a bean and beef burrito,
two tacos, one hard one, and a tulipus of cream with no sour cream.
Good lord.
A large Pepsi and a caramel empanada.
About two hours later, I really started to feel crappy.
I simply can't imagine why, can you?
There are coincidence.
My symptoms are really a bad headache and indigestion.
After work, I went to publics.
My blood pressure was 195 over 99.
High side, George.
I drove to the emergency room and they asked me to fill out a bunch of forms.
I told the male nurse I felt I was going to faint.
I needed to get inside.
They brought me in and some hot nurse hooked me up to an EKG, then took blood out.
It seemed it seemed like she may have taken out about six or seven gallons of blood
as I started to get lightheaded.
She gave an alcohol patch to smell and then they took me to get a cat scan.
They determined I had high blood pressure to distress.
Not to do all that.
Should have seen the look on the doctor's face when I told him I didn't have a doctor,
I hadn't been to a doctor in over 10 years as I farted.
They put me on high blood pressure medication.
I felt great for six months and this week they had to double my dosage as the headaches returned.
My question is, will they have the constantly increase my dosage on this medicine?
What can I do besides exercise and eating good to feel better?
Yeah, and your pal, like you enjoy it.
Sure, I don't want to do that.
Do what?
Exercise and eat better.
Right.
Give him some solution that doesn't involve doing the right thing, would you?
No, okay.
Say a prayer.
A brocha?
Say a brocha.
Okay.
Like all of a sudden I'm a doctor, like I'm an expert, I'm sitting here putting
eye drops in my eyes and my pink eye.
I got more mucus than carnage god pills.
God.
Oh, Brandon says it'd be good.
Why is he giving your glasses a good cleaning with maybe a little
geromex and case-to-backed Terry got to your glasses.
Good thinking.
Would you have thought of that?
No, not me.
I don't wear glasses so.
Oh, I do.
Well, let me get my good cleaning now.
How about geromex?
I got some sprints of stuff that you spray on there and that you on your glasses.
Should I use that?
Sure, whatever.
I got some geromex right here.
Here you go.
Why?
I got some geromex for you.
Hold out your hand.
Okay.
I'm not wearing my glasses during the show anyway.
Or you're paying.
I'm going to read the poll like now.
Yeah.
Now, what am I leaving it about an hour and nine minutes?
Nothing.
I'm counting.
Hour and eight minutes.
Right.
Then how are we going to know about the thing with the online giveaway?
The heat tickets?
When it happens, when it's over, Lee will come in and tell us what happened.
Atta boy, nice going Lee.
Best ever.
Just a joke.
They seem to all freak out when I told them about Joe Bell's
in Temperature phone call to me and what an ass-clone joke.
Oh, there's a guy that says, stop saying ass-clone because
Todd Schmidt says it all the time.
Well, that's good enough reason for me.
Yeah.
We don't listen to Todd Schmidt.
So I have no idea what he says.
We didn't steal it from anybody.
He's just, we can't say the whole word.
So that, you know, I think that fits in.
Ashtard.
Yeah.
Asteroid.
The most over-hide person,
place or thing in America is 239 votes.
American Idol 69, the Jonas Brothers 38.
Religion 25, but that's a late edition.
It's zooming up there.
The thousand 46 points.
The South Beach scene 24.
Joe Stone crab restaurant 15.
Reality shows 13.
The NFL draft 13.
The White House dog 11.
Game marriage 11.
Susan Boyle 7.
U27.
A Rod and the steroid problem 3.
And one for each of these.
Somali pirate threat.
The unemployment rate and the obesity epidemic.
Each have one.
That's our pool.
I guess Steve White did the morning show again this morning
across the street.
They got no morning guy.
And we've got a whole lineup of people coming to do two to four.
We got Jorge Siddano.
Yep.
We got Sid the Kid.
We got I don't know.
We got Macy Pific.
We got Mr. Wayne.
Everybody in their brother wants to do two to four.
Oh, and I got one from Barry Jackass who says.
George and Flea sounded great.
Joe Belsch would give them two to four
since the big O is leaving anyway.
Did you hear that last part?
Yeah.
Since the big O is leaving anyway.
So I guess he is going across the street.
Don't they all?
Don't they all?
Rock solid.
He's going to get on the show.
They're going across the street.
From there to here.
Well, it makes sense.
He had such an impact here.
I guess they want him bad.
The big O maybe you can do the morning show
across this.
Trust me some exchange program.
You know, going on that we don't know.
Yeah, it's like your daughter went to that Japanese exchange student program.
Yeah.
It's a sports hole exchange program.
I did the thing with the eye drops.
Now, well, what do I do now?
Wipe your eyes and that's it.
Oh, no, they're okay.
Then that's it.
Weighted out.
Go go look every five minutes to make sure that they look better.
If you want to.
Well, let me do that right now.
All right.
I hate you.
This is CNN.
President Obama says he sees blimmers of hope
amid all the bad economic news.
We're going to talk about the economy today.
We've been busy.
reckless speculation, irresponsibility,
and poor decision making.
The government should stand back
and simply let these banks fail.
That's exactly what we're doing right now.
And we decided to stay an idly buy as the economy goes in the free fall.
He says his most urgent job is fist bumping his wife, Michelle,
for more than four hours a day.
CNN.
Oh, yeah.
LUM45.
God, is it only LUM45?
I feel like we've been here for a hundred hours today.
That's how you feel when you're ill.
Are you fixing me something?
Yeah, it's about the chicken.
About the chicken?
Yeah, the reason we got chicken today.
From our spying sponsor, KFC.
Oh, these new grilled chicken menu item.
They got going.
Let me reach right over there and grab it.
I don't understand this at all.
This, this kind of like, I don't know.
It's just some more points.
They have new grilled chicken.
That's the important thing.
Kentucky Fried Chicken's got a second secret recipe.
New Kentucky grilled chicken.
Packed with flavor.
It's marinated in the season with a blend of six
secret herbs and spices.
Slug grilled a juicy perfection.
And George is eating it right now.
And I'm not.
Damn it.
Get ready to taste the unfried sign of KFC
with new Kentucky grilled chicken.
There it is.
And what's that website?
Oh, it's easier KFC.com.
Yeah, first one.
Unthink.
FC.
I mean, that's just KFC.com.
There you go.
We'll find some more stuff.
You'll find naked pictures of Jim DeFetus
and Susan Void.
What?
Now, wait a minute.
It's 11.46.
Yes.
And I'm leaving at 146.
That's what you said.
That sounds like two hours to me.
You know something.
It just dawned on me after all these years, 33 years plus.
Four hours of this is a long F and time.
You know what I'm saying?
We've mentioned that more than once.
Good.
God, are you kidding me?
Most other radio shows do not last that long.
There are three hours, typically.
No?
Oh, listen to this.
Ever Ready Ever It Says.
Cure and Preventative Measures for Conjunctivitis.
The Zava Table Spoon of Boric acid in the cup of warm hot water,
Linnet Cool, Dush Eyes Every Two to Four Hours.
No BS has any optometrist.
Well, thanks, Everett, but I'm going to stick with my
Apolli Sporn.
Yeah.
You know, we've had conversations about messing with your eyes.
Yeah.
We've got other things.
Certainly don't take any suggestions from the audience.
Talk to an eye doctor if you're going to do anything.
I already did the eye drops.
There you go.
Polly Sporn.
A name you can trust.
Before you start squirting lemons or a boric acid in the eye.
Lemons.
Get some lemons in there, man.
Yeah, mix it with a boric acid.
All right.
And then put it on the end of a needle.
And you add that in there.
It'll feel great.
Yeah.
Some lemon and lime.
Take a broken piece of glass.
Two would be good.
A vinegar, I'd do.
Okay.
Now what is this?
Abdul says he's got the Muslim Enema.
Sounds like what you need is a good old fashioned
Enema for my cousin, Dr Ali Kaboom.
I can't describe the details of the technique,
but trust me, you've never experienced anything quite like it.
You'll stop complaining about your eyes, your congestion,
George, anything else that annoys you.
Email me if you want to tell us Abdul.
Abdul Ahmed Abdul Mohammed.
Good.
I mean, those Muslims, man,
sure got a real shortage of names.
At least the dark folks went, you know,
they start making up a whole bunch of new names.
Right.
Everybody gets an original name.
Right.
Names that nobody ever heard of before.
Walters says,
how in the world is that little bitch
Miley Cyrus slash Hannah Montana,
not on the list put her on there.
And I'll vote from every computer I'd give my hands on.
Put Hannah Montana.
You got the Jonas Brothers on there?
Well, what the so what is she deserve?
There you go.
Can she sing at all?
She's got good songs, but she can't sing.
Does that make any sense?
No, yeah.
Got a horrible voice, but she writes some decent copies.
I can't believe you're not Westlife.
They're really good.
Whatever you say.
I was just saying that there is Simon Cowell invention.
Well, that said,
if you want to know where he came from and why you see him everywhere,
he was a very successful woman.
I don't see many words.
I don't watch those shows.
Very successful music producer.
All the last time I was forced to watch again.
I never shouted love.
Better use the mean.
Oh, those shows.
I'm telling you they're just not that I should talk
because the wife watches Rock of Love.
So I'm going to do with that.
Same crack.
Yeah.
Who are we going to eliminate?
Who is going to cry the most?
Who are we going to send home?
Who are we going to degrade and humiliation?
That's a new deal, man.
Yep.
It's SNM TV.
Mostly on the S side.
Say this, watching other people being degraded.
Oh, and then the two the two chicks that were left there
for the last slot last night, they got into a fist fight.
They got into a brawl.
Girl fight?
Yeah.
Excellent.
Cat fight.
I don't want to say it was contrived or anything like that.
It was real like the ones on Jerry Springer, you know.
Brad says I'm here in the Philippines at the moment.
I'm always back and forth from Honolulu,
trying to stay afloat flipping real estate.
I enjoy what I'm here in the Philippines
because I get to hear your showmost evenings in Hawaii.
You're on during the wee hours.
Anyway, I'd be happy to hear you wind down the phrase
Asclown.
That comes from Todd Schmidt.
I expect a virginality from my Neil God.
How do you like that?
Accusing me of ripping off from Todd Schmidt,
who I've known ever here?
How dare you.
I'm not going to wind down anything.
Brad.
More instruction.
More critiques, more criticism, and more instruction.
How to do the show better?
What to say?
What not to say?
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
I looked in the mirror during the break.
And my eyes are still there.
Are they still pink?
A little bit.
Then this isn't like what you'd call a real bad.
I've had bad pink eye, you know?
Yeah.
So far, this isn't really, really bad.
In fact, if I had to choose between the pink eye and the mucus,
I wouldn't mind the pink eye so bad.
Just give me rid of the mucus.
I mean, I've had craters in my nose
when I wake up in the morning, the last couple mornings.
Craters.
Nuggets.
Oh, you think it's a chicken McNugget, but it's not.
God.
Although actually it's kind of fun digging them out.
Don't you enjoy that?
No.
You don't?
Not really.
I mean, you got it.
You got to do what you got to do.
I think it's fun.
And it's kind of like satisfying when you get like a real big one,
you get out.
Oh, well, maybe you could do it for other people.
If you think it's fun.
No, no.
I don't want other people's snot on my fingers.
Is that one thing that we do when you put one finger over one nostril?
And you blow it out and all of a sudden you realize it's on your shirt.
Yeah.
Like an hour later.
And it's been there all day long and everybody's been looking at it.
Uh-huh.
Oh my God.
And you people talk about a God.
Crazy people talk about God.
Same people talk about.
They'll God.
It's the Lord's work, man.
This is what the God Lord had in mind.
Ways maybe the Lord likes the reality shows.
Maybe he grating and humiliating and maybe that's what life is when big fat reality show for his amusement.
Oh, here we go.
Tim Jones is back.
George Sedano's agent.
He's back.
You ready for a little dosta Timmy?
Whatever.
He's the one that didn't know that George Sedano was not W-I-N-Z.
Mr. Wang, no offense.
Well, what does that mean?
This is an email.
Mr. Wang, no offense.
Do you know what that means?
No.
No.
No.
I don't either.
And I'm sure that whoever the idiot was eroded doesn't either.
Can I get to a Tim, what's his name, Wang?
Please.
Okay.
Tim Jones.
Neil, I told you before you went on vacation that George Sedano was coming to WQM
and you was making fun of me.
Waaah!
Waaah!
You was making fun of me.
Waaah, sure wish I had an illiterate agent.
I've got an ineffective agent but not illiterate.
Also, much in no, I have a new keyboard.
So my spelling will be correct.
I've spoken to Jolly Jo Bell about getting George Rodriguez's own show,
2-4.
I did this out of the goodness of my heart.
George Sedano will be doing the 4-7 slot.
I think they'll both do a following your show.
I still consider you the workhorse of QAM.
Jim Managing is pathetic.
He'll be removed along with the big O.
I'll keep you updated on this matter.
George Sedano's agent, Tim Jones.
He was making fun of me.
Waaah!
But he's got a new keyboard so he can get the spelling right.
He's only got one in in Sedano this time.
Never he had two in's?
Yeah.
He couldn't spell his client's name and he didn't know what station he was working on.
But other than that,
there was some pretty credible crap.
Brandon says, just imagine how brutal Pink Eye is for people who are contacts like I do.
I know firsthand having gotten Pink Eye twice,
you can't wear your contacts for several days.
My last case, I couldn't wear my contacts for two weeks,
and I hate wearing glasses because I never use them.
I've been using contacts for over 10 years and wore my glasses maybe 20 times in that time frame.
I've worn glasses since I was 13 years old, 53 years.
And yesterday there was some spot on their, on TV in the middle of another shot of love.
And Paco was giving me the business about how come I don't want to do the laser,
surgery and all my eyes.
Yeah.
I said, I don't want anybody slicing and dicing.
I don't want to roll round pulp, using the new,
a vegematic on my eyes.
Thank you.
Don't try it.
Right.
So Hitler had only one ball, huh?
Yeah.
It can be damned.
I guess maybe you'd be a little bit surly too.
Whatever.
And in your case, at least they left them both.
Whatever.
They made them less effective, but nonetheless.
It's all right.
Better late than ever, I always say.
Sure.
Chef Sparky, who's an absolute idiot.
Hey, Neil, Joe Bell or Greg Reed, Joseph Gackier, Jimmy Sifilis,
big old Jack show, Georgia, flee.
By the way, were you at Gulf Stream Saturday?
Thanks, Neil.
Whatever that means.
Thanks, Neil, for what?
Oh, Chef Sparky, a real, and a number one, returto.
Now it's coming up on noon, okay?
Can we do like Newfoundland time?
No.
Isn't Newfoundland like an hour and a quarter?
Yeah.
Some silly, they could have heard the ones.
Huh?
I think they're the ones.
The new fees.
Hour and a half ahead.
How do you figure that out?
I don't know.
They just want to be different.
No, and believe me, if you've ever seen any, trust me.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
This is pretty quick.
Whatever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Time for a great time.
I want some wind.
You ain't cheap.
Go head by like gravy.
Wait.
These are football, they do.
A silent wall of meat.
The kind of guys that I want to do that's good to be built to eat.
I want to hear people want to date, but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the balls.
Oh baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
He's waiting.
Go head by like gravy.
Wait.
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can't do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No, the days of a business school.
Okay, is American Idol 72, the Jonas Brothers 40, religion 33, the South Beach scene 26.
My eyes are looking a little better by the way already.
Good.
Already?
They're all red.
D.
No.
Oh, reality shows 16, the NFL draft.
You got to be deaf with this NFL draft 16.
Joe Stone crab restaurant 15, the White House dog 13, gay marriage 13.
Susan Boyle 8, U27, Hannah Montana 4,
Payrod and the steroid problem 4.
Somali pirates read one, the unemployment rate 1, the obesity epidemic.
Oh no, out of 172.
Go.
That's not a bad pool, you think?
That's fine.
It's just fine.
As polls go, well, you don't care.
You're just totally indifferent.
That's right.
That was up 75 points.
And there's the president.
You shouldn't know what intermediate steps could be done.
Always meaning with King Abdullah.
Maybe maybe Clemenza taped a piece for the president behind the ball and chain toilet.
I bet they don't have ball and chain toilets in the White House.
No, just the ball and chain.
King Abdullah shows up.
Hey, Abdullah.
Yeah.
Grave robbing bastards.
Those Saudis.
Oh my God.
Is there anything in the world worse than the Saudis?
No.
And they're all about building, by the way.
They're all here.
All the FTWs, future terrorists of the world.
The mole has got an update.
He says, here's the word on the street.
You ready?
All right.
All these rumors about who's going on the shuttle bus and who's going over here and etc.
Sedona will start mornings on 7.
Ideon Monday.
They will run ESPN programming after that with Colin Cowherd.
Colin Cowpile.
Then it'll be either Zazlo or they'll put Steve White on before they go to Levitard.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Remember those rumors about putting ESPN radio on?
Wow.
Cost cutting, baby.
Everybody's cut and cost.
Jesse Agler gets canned, shoved out the door.
Ken Maldon gets canned, shoved out the door, winds up in the hospital.
George, they try to fire his little ass.
I know I haven't had one email.
I get all those emails about the bird.
All those phony emails.
Oh, what you did to the bird.
And of course that's the guy with the eyes.
You know, great.
I haven't had one email saying,
uh, good job on saving George's ass again.
Again.
I remember when Greg Reed made that call to me.
Sure.
Congratulations on a great book.
And I would have decided to let George Rodriguez go.
Oh, hang on a second.
Is that what he said?
Hello, estranged.
It was strange.
Okay.
Well, sometimes messages get hung up in outer space.
You know how that works with the text messages?
Yes.
And of course these people are all,
this is the kind of stuff that you whipped up about.
Caddy Shack.
Makes me very, very sad.
Mr. Wang, no offense.
It's a line from the movie Caddy Shack, spoken by Rodney Dangerfield.
While who the hell gives a flying fart?
Blackie says Wang, no, is a Caddy Shack reference.
Dangerfield said a couple of times in the movie to Wang.
Wang, no offense.
Do you care about that?
No.
I don't know offense, but no.
No offense, but we don't care.
Good.
God.
Caddy Shack, animal house.
These are the things that all these, you know,
there it is.
All these movie pros, all these experts.
Oh, you're tasting movies.
Blows, Neil.
I'm going to forward you an email.
I just got it.
It'll put a smile on your face.
Can't wait.
It'll make you laugh.
There we go.
Okay, I'm going to read the content as silly as it is.
This is from the fake Gregory Belmore Esquire in the Belmore building.
Remember him?
No.
But you just, you know, you don't care about these damn emails.
The Belmore building?
Gregory Belmore Esquire.
Hey, Neil, wondering if you might be interested in dating my nephew,
Willie below.
He used to go out with DeFo.
He's a little odd, but has great personality.
He loves hockey and the red lobster.
He'll have something in common.
He's a wonderful boy.
It's just we're getting a little tired of some of his personal habits.
Please contact me for interest.
I'll put him on a plane for Toronto this afternoon.
And when you get the picture,
you'll be amused.
Okay.
You got it yet?
No.
Well, do a center receive.
Come on.
Do it, do it, do it.
Center receive.
That was up 70 points.
Come on, got it.
Open up.
I got the email.
It's opening.
Picture.
No way.
Where is it?
Oh boy.
Cute.
That might go right up your alley.
No, no, not mine.
If you're bent over.
Maybe up your alley.
No, thank you.
That's wrong for so many reasons.
Good.
God.
Where to start?
Where to finish.
It's 12.07.
I'm going to start counting the minutes down today.
Although I'm a little bit,
I'm a little bit on the please side that the stuff seems to work a little bit.
The polyspawn.
Good.
It's anti-bacterial man, so it should, you know,
huh?
I said good.
Because this pink eyes just fall out from the cold, you know.
From the crud.
And the allergies.
All is garbage.
All is God made garbage.
Thank you, God.
The US Supreme Court has declined to review a case which rendered the death penalty
after jurors reportedly consulted the Bible.
In the appeal, Christian Oliver's defense said jurors reviewed a biblical passage
stating that a murderer who used an iron object to kill shall surely be put to death.
Jurors were deciding whether to send Oliver to death for shooting and bludgeoning
his victim with a barrel of a gun.
The court previously has said jurors should base their verdicts only on evidence presented
in the courtroom the service noted.
Oliver was convicted of shooting a man and beating him to death with his guns barrel
during a home invasion in 1998.
In the case jurors testified that some had consulted the biblical passage
and concluded that the gun barrel is similar to the aforementioned iron object.
Oh.
Oh.
State and lower federal courts upheld Oliver's death sentence
despite testimony that some jurors in the Nakadocha's county case
consulted the biblical passage.
This is the second time the court has declined to hear a challenge in the matter.
Reports, Scott, US blog.
The first challenge also came from Texas.
There is no denying that Oliver did a stupless,
a stupid, senseless, vicious thing opined Linda Campbell with McClatchy newspapers.
But if Texas wants to kill him for it the state and its representative should have to follow
the most fundamental constitutional rules not just the ones they like.
If extraneous materials allowed in a deliberation room why not the Torah or the Quran?
Mine, Comfor, Anne, Rand.
The seven aphorisms of Samum.
Whatever.
Samum.
The principles of wicked belief.
Now we're talking.
At my church on Palm Sunday we pray that those in power to impose the death penalty we
expect life just as new and rights not all Bible-loving religion support Capitol punishment you see.
He said in a similar 2007 case the west court of appeals for the north circuit,
nine circuit, declined to overturn the death penalty for a man whose jury heard arguments from a
juror who quoted scripture verses.
Judge Pamela and Rhymer writing for the majority said there was no need to decide whether
there had been juror misconduct because even assuming there was we are persuaded that white's
notes had no substantial and injurious effects or influence.
In the sentage, Marsha Burzon said there was no doubt that white engaged in unconstitutional
misconduct by injecting his overnight biblical research into the deliberations.
Judge Ronald Gool also descending said the majority had endorsed a
Theocratic jury room in which jurors consulted the death penalty in light of scripture.
Well the Bible says the good book says they shall surely be put to death you know the Lord's
wrath is waxing high.
Judge NSN Gool Nugo that you am.
Were you practicing safe sex?
Yeah.
Even when the baby was conceived?
We were.
And so there were just wardrobe malfunctions?
I guess.
Yeah?
Really?
Yeah I guess so.
Every time you practice safe sex?
Yeah.
Every time.
Every time.
We are.
Most of the time.
Most of the time.
There's two boxes and one says Sarah Palin's a president and the other one says Barack Obama.
Which one are you checking?
I still like him out of both Sarah Palin.
Oh okay.
Oh boy.
What are Yahoo?
But he's Sarah Prudiyahu anyway.
How much he's got a manly member?
Oh that's crystal.
Yeah she knows.
She's seen it.
Yeah.
Oh here's the Tim Jones back again.
George the non-ros agent.
I have to say that because you don't you don't keep track.
You don't follow.
No I don't.
When I do listen to your show I hear you every now and then bitching about your agent.
Never.
Not me.
All I say is hey Norma.
You're fair.
That's all.
You're always saying he's worthless and doesn't do anything for you.
Yeah he does something for me.
He sends out my bank account.
If you would like when you have time we can meet for lunch and talk about me taking over as your agent.
To sweeten the deal I will also take care of George Rodriguez once he has his own show
for no extra cost giving you a tip of one deal.
I always hear you say the Jolly Joe Bell wants to get rid of George.
Let me know when it'll be a good time for you and me to meet up.
Take care George the non-ros agent Tim Jones.
Right.
Nepathetic?
Yeah.
And I have one and it doesn't even really count because I had to ask for it.
See it's like she isn't anybody going to wish me happy birthday and then somebody
says oh happy birthday Neola.
Right like that you know what I mean it does not count.
It doesn't count it's it's insincere.
Aren't you going to say gee we wish you feel better than all of a sudden
sense of oh we wish you feel better Neel.
Feel better.
Yeah feel this.
Jerry says good job saving George's ass he does a really good job when you're not around.
Yeah he does that's why they wanted to get rid of him.
During the summer time it keeps those numbers up there and we usually and we still have
the highest numbers on the station every summer by far by far by a mile but nevertheless
in the meantime all these rumors floating around oh Sardinos doing this and the Boa is doing that
and the big O is doing this you know like I said keep shuffling the deck shuffling the
dreck shuffling it around moving them back and forth across the street and to what ends well
what's the point point zero yeah there there's a point all right it's in between the
oh and the and the second one or the one and the oh and that's the point.
Now here comes the screwing that we that I knew that most of us knew was going to take place.
My any commissioners will be asked Thursday to dip into the city's bank account
to have fun the parking for the Florida Marlins baseball stadium.
Butchers butchers friggin liars.
Any cock drops again.
Bad.
See I've got a dilemma.
Yeah you buy them in bulk as well as post.
No no listen to me.
The dilemma is I don't want to get the ones with sorbitol right for obvious reasons right.
I don't want to get the ones with sugar because the man that's bad for my blood sugar right.
So I'm between hell and a dark place.
Well here's what I found with the sorbitol ones.
Yes eventually you get used to them.
No well you're not me.
Suckin on them every day aren't you.
I don't want to suck on cock drops every day.
Well what what else wrong with you I do.
Should I have one of those now go get some again?
No you can see how fast I can be back here I'll give you one of these.
Miami commissioners are being asked to dip into the lifeline of local government.
The general fund to help build the parking complex around the Florida marlins baseball stadium.
The marlins a month ago when city commissioners voted three to two in support of the stadium plan
administrators offered everything but a flat out guarantee a guadantee that the city's general
fund which pays for fire police and other services would not be touched.
Now guess what they're touching it.
It's like if leave I was here or I promise you leave I'm not going to touch it and then I touched it.
Ooh Miami's contribution to the $634 million overall ballpark plan.
$94 million for parking facilities was to be back ruled through issuance of bonds
with the debt to be paid off with hotel taxes commissioners were promised.
But city manager Peter Hernandez and chief financial officer Larry Spring now say they need
$9 million from reserves in the general fund to jumpstart the design and construction of the
garages and parking lots and little of Anna were the marlins planned to open the ballpark in 2012.
Bend over date county taxpayers you're getting it up the old shoot again.
Yang Wang Gang bang.
Hernandez portrays the financing plan as a temporary advance saying in a member of commissioners
that the money will be returned to the city's bank account after Miami issues the bonds for the
parking sites. He's asking commissioners to take up the issue on Thursday.
Spring called it internal borrowing and said it's a common practice when the city goes to the
bond market. He said he doesn't consider it spending general fund money because it'll be paid back.
Yet those guarantees are likely to be met with questions and some skepticism from commissioners
who say they don't expect any money from that pool to be used.
Commission chairman Joe Sanchez who fought hard for the stadium and was outspoken about not
touching the general fund said he wanted to be brief before commenting and they better have a
good reason Sanchez said yesterday. I wonder if he's going to rickie tick you Sanchez. He thinks I
sure hope not for his sake. A buffoon. CNN puts a buffoon on in the middle of the afternoon.
A buffoon in the afternoon. Maybe he'll be off by noon June. Oh.
Tapping into the general fund was one of the major sticking parts in the controversial
stadium debate which passed by one vote with commissioners Mark Sarnoff and Tomas Regolato voting
against Sanchez Angel Gonzalez and Michelle Spence Jones voted in favor setting the stage for
a later approval by county commissioners that officially set the stadium project forward
for the marlins. The fund financing was initially concerned if all five commissioners during the
March 19th city vote the response from a spring and Hernandez held steady. We won't use it.
As of today we will not be dipping into the general fund dollars Sanchez asked manager Hernandez
just before the vote the answer is no Hernandez reply. A month later spring compares borrowing
from the general fund using money from one savings account to buy a car on sale for just a
short time period with knowledge that an income tax check is on the way. Right.
Yet critics raise a concern noting that in this economic climate interest rates could be sky high
the city expects to go to market in December or January. That and promises made not to touch the
fund has some commission's questioning the move. This is an unpleasant surprise said Regolato a
stadium critic it's very uncomfortable to advance so much money. George will have them out. Yeah I
got it ready. Regolato recalled the mid 1990s when the city depended on its reserves almost
went into bankruptcy and was put out of the watch of the state's oversight board which ordered
Miami to retain a hundred million dollars in reserves. The nine million dollar hit with put the
city's reserves at about eighty three million dollars with a tough budget year on the horizon.
Regolato notes the city's got plenty of time to build a parking structures even if it waits
until the bonds are issued. I don't know what the rushes he said. I can't support that it's too much.
Spring said borrowing the money is only a precaution as the city agreement mandates Miami to have
the parking facilities ready thirty days in advance of opening day 2012. It's a vehicle we use
whenever we're getting ready to do a bond said spring it's allows us to start. Also Thursday the
commissioners will vote on the city planning board's recommendation to wish you a special use
permit for the ballpark and they're expected to vote to allow the construction from Leo a daily
construction firm which won the bid to build the parking sites. A defeat that a boop put about and the
ripoff goes on. Never going to end. We'll never end. No. Oh God. But they don't care about that. They
care about what Rodney Dangerfield said in the candy shop. That's right. Isn't that the important
crap? What else? What else is? What's not to like? I'll let's see. I'm leaving in an hour and
20 minutes. Is that what you said? Yeah. What about 130? No.
Oh, I'm going to leave a 20-till, right? You're going to. No, don't you find it? I guess play the
urine infections and the iron infections must be the same bacteria or some bacteria. Right. If you
just got some, you know, bacteria killing stuff and some fluid there, it can only help.
Oh, here we go. Tim says I use a clean warm wash cloth to clean my eyes. And as soon as it cleanses
the crowd build up in the corners of my eyes. Regarding the flim, you may find using a netty pot,
any ti, oh yeah, you totally need to be using a netty pot. Go get your hands. What is it? You
should Google it, any ddy. I find his house with my chronic sinusitis. He spells at any ti.
Well, however, the gentle flow of solution in one sinus, then out the other, the pot is applied
to both nostrils. A gentle blowing of the nose between applications will clean the sinusus of
the crowd. A netty pot. Yeah. Now I know what to get you for your birthday.
Yeah, give me a netty pot. Oh, here you go. Happy birthday, Neil. I hope you feel better.
I'm glad you saved George's ass. Thanks. Very Macockner. He covered all the bases. All right.
And I'm all out of that a girl very. So how do you like that? And you know, a netty pot? I need,
what was it? Battery acid in my eyes. That's right. Bork acid and a lemon. Lemon. Lemon. Use. Sure.
Why is it that so many Hispanics pronounce J? I know, I know it's, I know how it's pronounced in
Spanish. I don't know why they juxtapose sounds that they both have in the language. J as you
know reason is why there's no reason, no good reason. Like Pocka will say order and apple use. Yes.
And then they say they, they switched the Y and the J sound just like they switched the SH and
CH sounds and I don't know why and they can. I see. Maybe somebody will, will explain it to me.
Apple use my ass. He wants me to sing God bless America and paste these in the G string up here.
I'll do it. Do you have to take your daughter's to see the new Jonas Brothers movie? Oh my god,
the Jonas Brothers. You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a
sleep mask so you don't have to watch earplugs so you don't have to hear and a sign I'd cancel
just in case the mask and plugs don't work. Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers. The Jonas Brothers movie
survival kit. You can make it. The film is only 76 minutes long. I got a Jonas Brothers. Give me
those earplugs. Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers. And the sign I'd. Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit. It's too late for me. Save yourselves.
Okay, you can never hear that too often, you know what? Right?
So you sent me a thing about the NETI pot? Yeah, did you watch that video? No, I just,
I'm putting out these other emails. And well, what is it, show? How to use a NETI pot? It explains
what it is and how you use it. And it's one of the funniest things you'll ever see in your life.
Now as a kid, did you ever have those vix themers? Did Mama Sita ever use those vix themers?
Uh, that's not the right kind of question to ask me. If there's anything motherly that my mother
ever did, I don't know when it was. So what you said, someday your mom is going to be dead and buried.
And you're going to say, Oh, what are you threatening me? What you should ask is just that
to you. Are you aware of those vix themers and did like maybe did your sister ramming thing? Yeah,
yeah, I'm aware of them. I'm hip. You put the vixen there and it kicks it out into the
atmosphere and it makes everything smell all vicky. All vicky? Yeah.
I used some vix last night. I say I smeared on my throat and I like it under my nose. Can you see how it should
help? And look at that? Not. It's not. It's not. I thought it was vix, but it's not.
Lauren says, Oh, here you go. Dreaded by universities praised by students. It's the most notorious
ranking in education. Playboys top party schools for more than 20 years. Playboys list of top
party schools as fuel debate on campuses across the country. And while most universities would rather
not be known as a party school, most universities would also welcome the giant number of applications
to come as result of the exposure. It's a classic catch 22 in any event. Let the debates rage. A new
is we present playboys top party schools for 2009. You're going to well, you can already guess
what number one is. No, no gains, no number 10 West Virginia University, number nine University of
Iowa, number eight LSU, number eight University of Georgia, six University of Wisconsin,
five University of Arizona, four University of Florida, three San Diego State University,
two University of Texas at Austin, number one University of Miami. Oh my god. How do you like that?
Party school. Something to be said then and gangster school too on on top of that.
So I guess it's a good time to remind everybody. The hurricane.
B oh right. If your favorite school didn't make the top 10, check out the full list here. It's got a link.
Number one party school in America, University of Miami, which I don't know what the
LA party because there's no campus. Can you identify the campus there? I think I found myself
in the middle of it by accident a couple times. Are there dorms? I don't know. Ask somebody who
went there. I mean, I did those, you know, UM games for six years at Mark Light Stadium. I
don't know what the hell is this. Pretty sad. David says pink eyes sucks. I've had it three times.
Colleria works to kill the itch. My eyes don't itch. It's a bitch when they itch.
Doctors for some weird reason will not recommend over the counter. I wash but it really works. Let it
soak for a minute or two. What is what's the difference between over the counter? I wash and
polyspawn. I don't know, but I think I wash is just an I wash doesn't have anything anti-bacterial in
it. Well, what's all good is that I'm just getting crap is that it recruits rise and washes the
crud and the gun got it that you might have. So I can get warm water for free. I'm going to go to
the drugstore and buy I wash. Hey, the hell with that crap. Times are tough, man. Who the hell can
afford I wash? I'm in Rothen Morningside says, how about them Marlins, the other kicking major league
but Larry Bionfest number one city of Miami number one. Tell your listeners to spend their money in
Miami. Can you tell them Arland pictures just to throw the ball down the middle? Quit beating
around the bush. Miller couldn't throw the ball down the middle if he threw remote controlled.
Thanks, Neal. You demand whatever the hell that means. You understand any of this from
Hyman Rothen Morningside? No, I don't either. And you know what? Neither to Hyman.
For an hour and ten minutes ago before I blow this joint. Wow.
So what am I supposed to do with that pod? Smoke it.
No, no, the netty pod. Watch the video. Please, I'm begging you. I don't want to ruin it for you.
I already deleted it. Oh, I got it. My deleted items.
Let's see. George. Yeah.
George, he poor G. That's right. I don't even see it. Oh, there it is. No, that's George Hernandez.
We got so many Gonzalez's and Hernandez. That's why I wrote on the subject line. You know,
watch this during the break. Way more important than any of these fake emails you're going to have.
Okay, I'll take it by let's do the break and then I'll look for it. All right. I'll look for it in the
pot. Even to George to be promoting pot in one form or another.
Did you hear that? What? Good. Don't play that on the air. Well, I'll get fired.
Paco is a potchkin around in here. He just came in with lunch that I can't eat.
I told him I had pink on. He ran to the wall. I mean, just like I had very, very, very.
Tell me, just did I ask. Do you see the size of Isaac?
I mean, do you get to get away? They're like children here.
I used to do the girls. He would rise and I'd lay the wood without a warning.
Why the wonderowner is here?
At least I could use my penis as a polka stick.
It feels like it's just a piece of meat hanging down.
It was done.
But with me, then I discovered that my call is dead.
Did not help it on my poor little man.
I hear fire. I could repair. I was a working old.
Don't see. I was working.
It's just a kid. Feel my feeling.
My song will heal.
A couple of areas of clock.
Four more leaves that have got no game.
So I'm dead.
So it was better.
Better was not through work.
That was when I took the birth.
So it looks like a smirk penis.
I told you you need a double toast if I had her to get wood.
1242 a.k.a.
Am I watching that video?
Yes, the most disgusting thing.
She's doing the water or whatever is in there up to the one nostril.
And it's pouring out of the other side of it.
It's supposed to be warm saltwater.
And what does that do?
It flushes out your sinuses.
There are people wearing out.
Whereby. But it's an old tiny thing.
It's pouring out.
I got some food here.
Thanks to Paco.
He left me some...
No punks.
Stuff, you know?
Pineapple, strawberries.
Uh-huh.
Banana.
No.
No banana.
Um, candelope.
And three pieces of honeydew melon,
which I won't eat because I'm allergic to it.
Okay.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Oh, they're going on.
Oh, eating on the air.
No.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
And this is good for my cold, aren't you think?
Yes.
I love pineapple.
I've very seldom...
I buy pineapple, but I love it.
It's good.
You like it?
Yep.
A lot.
Do you like it?
Oh.
Let me just say...
Absolutely.
Yeah.
George Ann says growing up in a light in the household,
when we used to get a cold, my mom would smear vix on a handkerchief,
and then tied around my neck like a cowboy.
I'm sure some other listeners would back me up on this.
Feel better guy always listening, George Ann.
Well, thanks, George Ann.
She says that's a Cuban cold remedy.
Okay.
Smear vix on a hanky and tied around your neck.
Like a cowboy.
Did you ever do that?
No.
Oh.
I wonder how long before Ben Schmiegel gets all upset about my eating on the air.
Already writing the email, I'm sure.
That was up 76 points.
I told you, I had a feeling.
I had a feeling in my sphincter.
Right, boom.
All I got left was pineapple.
So it's chewing.
And it takes more time to eat.
I think you're killing some good time.
Eating on the air again, you disgusting slopp.
Oh, blue.
We thought you were a classy guy.
Oh, here we go.
What's up?
My old juice is Jason.
Now that's the message.
That's the whole message.
Oh, no, here we go.
That would have been nasty.
Wouldn't it?
A little bit.
They don't care.
They have no feelings, no rust on us.
Oh, my God.
Here's somebody who's moving to Abington, Virginia in June after 30 years in Dave County.
Population 9,000.
Lanyard Kendall, but good luck.
Oh, it ain't ranzed for our first name is without his eye and not an.
Yeah, coming to her own quote, it is spelled and pronounced slightly different than German.
But I am as close as it's good to get an English.
I ran.
Did I call her a and ran?
I don't think so.
I don't know, whatever.
Well, land is a nitpicker.
So good luck to you wherever you're moving.
Oh, Lanyard, I don't like nitpickers.
No, it's pickers.
I don't mind.
234 votes on the poll.
The most over high person place or thing in America is American Idol 82, religion 48.
And then the Jonas Brothers, what I religion's asked.
What kind of rings is it that they wear again?
Promise rings.
Chastity rings.
Good.
Trunk of flim.
This is disgusting.
What are you going to do when you got a cold?
What do you know?
Nice college boy.
Yeah, that's right.
You're going to have clothes and the clothes are all over your eyes.
Have you leased suit?
Uh-huh.
What's that noise?
Under there.
Oh, I heard it.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, eh?
They want to get mixed up in the family business.
Now you want to go down a police cap and one because you slapped you in a face a little bit.
Eh?
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You got to get a post like this.
But a thing your bloodhead brains all over your nice side of your leg suit.
Come in.
You're taking a sparey for it.
You're taking a very personal.
Just like some of these stupid emails.
Jason says, sorry to hear you're not feeling 100%.
I don't even feel like 80%.
40, 80, 30.
About 30?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
The reason you and George are often getting sick is in your genes.
I'm sure your parents were both Jews.
I mean, my George is Jewish.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
And so is my foreskin.
And their parents were both Jews and so on.
Any weaknesses you have in your gene strain is multiplied and compounded with every generation.
The same rule applies to George.
It doesn't matter if it's Jew, genes or spict genes.
George's kids, however, will be sick during the fact that he married out of his nationality.
Are your kids sick a lot?
No.
Neither of my.
Well, you will be.
Court of Jason.
This is really obvious with dogs.
You always hear pure breed dog owners having lots of health issues with their dogs, bad hips, cancer, bad eyes.
I'm a mutts of Jason.
Irish, Italian, Hungarian and Czech.
I get a cold every two or three years.
I've only been to the doctor for checkups.
I'm a married woman who's Colombian and Korean.
My kids will be strong like a mule.
Hope you feel better, but it's completely out of your skin.
George's hands, you were born this way.
It says, Tester Schmendrick.
Jason, I don't want to say that you're a retard or an idiot or an anti-Semite, but nevertheless.
Uh, uh, uh.
Dang you see?
Gary says, your problem with your eyes from when you saw Jim DeFetus on Channel 4.
The only curious turn away from the TV really fast.
Please add the octomom to the pool.
Now, you put that pitch on there.
I don't hear that much about it anymore.
No.
That's Gary at home, sir.
Octomomom?
Well, do as you please.
Oh.
Nice chunks of pineapple.
Okay.
So I got chunks going in, chunks coming out.
There you go.
All chunky all day.
I bet you managed to make a link too happy about it.
I managed to make a AKA John CTR.
Let's see what we got on there.
Mike Johnson, follow up.
Well, this is Mike who, um.
He was a rose.
Remember that rose by the blue color ice cream?
Yep.
That's like the same mark.
And the fake Larry King is back.
Went to Arnold's Royal Castle this week.
There's a picture of it all lit up.
The newly burgers were good.
The pitch of the Birchbeer grade.
I could drink it by the gallery.
He says, my only problem.
There were no need of Rogers photos on the wall.
He has his caricature of himself on the menu.
Looking like Mel Kuiper, Jr.
The food is okay, but it'll make you, um.
Schmidt.
He has something girls working in the counter.
Wayne hides in the back.
Whatever that all means.
Do you understand what that is?
Wayne is hiding in the back.
Maybe he's doing that hot wife has in the back.
Or in some way.
Oh no.
Last chunk of pineapple, less piece of fruit.
That's it.
Okay.
Okay.
I mean, okay.
Well, that really helped, I think.
I feel a lot better.
Not good to connect.
So how often is Jim DeFeeders on Channel 4?
Just he does like features, fat features.
Yeah, especially ports and things like that.
I guess I'm not keeping track.
I mean, I will if you want me to.
I'll keep a log.
No, but I don't have any emails from the fat.
Jim DeFeeders.
Oh, after I've seen him on TV over the weekend.
God.
What an embarrassment.
So Jesse Agver got blown out, huh?
Yep, blown up.
Yeah, I mean, how long did he do that show?
A couple of months?
Uh, whatever.
I don't know.
Like it matters?
Could have been here 20 years.
No, but I'm just saying, not so now we got the SPN radio on all night from midnight till 6 in the morning.
Uh, yeah, sure that Joe has no lead in.
That's that's what I'm saying.
Penny slots making lots of sense in Missouri.
See, I know that I'm never going to change my, well, accept it in the negative way.
You can change your life playing the slots.
If you lose your ass, you know, one of those compulsive idiots who loses all their money.
But yeah, even though I'm never going to win enough to change my life, it's not the point.
The idea is that everything is relative.
If I go win a thousand bucks or a few hundred bucks, seven, eight hundred, that's fine.
You know, it's nice.
If I'm going to go win like 16 cents, I'm not just a waste of time.
What's the point?
Yeah, killing time, right?
Having fun, having fun, winning 16 cents.
Gambers may be cutting back like other consumers, but one thing they're not doing is pinching pennies.
They're spending on penny gambling machines produced about a fourth of all slot machine revenue and a vandalized year and more in other states.
In Missouri, one of few states were gambling revenue rose in 2008, more than half of all casino revenue came from penny slots.
For many casinos, penny slots are producing the only kind of revenue that's rising.
Oh, that pineapples killed me.
Getting flammy from it?
I'm what?
Are you getting flammy from it?
No, I'm getting raw.
Maybe it was sitting next to the honeydumelin.
Well, pineapple raw grips up my mouth if I ate too much of it.
Really? Yeah, it's acidity.
Gambers say they like the machines which were impractical before quiet paper payouts started replacing the tumbling bucketfuls of coins in a jackpot.
Because they can play longer for the same amount of money.
No matter that casinos like penny slots because they're more lucrative for the house.
It's all just for recreation said Kansas City resident core Logan 72 was playing a penny slot machine at ILO Capri and Kansas City on her 42nd wedding anniversary.
When you come here, don't expect to win if you put a lot of money in these, you're crazy. She said.
Crazy.
The four casinos in Kansas City like most across the country served mainly local markets as opposed to flying markets like Vegas, China's Macau and to some degree Atlantic City in Jersey.
That means most casinos depend heavily on low rollers who visit often low rollers.
Logan said she hadn't expected to win when she and her husband walked in was up a hundred bucks after three hours.
You wouldn't mind that.
No. Of course you got that big pay raise coming in the car.
Yeah.
So that jackass actually said to you, you still here?
And did you expect like laughter or something? What do you expect?
No, I don't know.
I would have gotten up dropped my drawers.
Sure, yeah, that's exactly what I'm going to face my ass in his direction and just squirted a gigantic load of wild bloody diary all over his ass.
That's what I would have done. I'll go eat some glass.
Yeah, so I'll take the global out of my ass. I'll take that.
That's what Mr. Wang told me.
Affordability is why people love them said Frank Legato, a slum machine expert editor of Las Vegas based global gaming Venice magazine.
Cosinas just love them because the average bets are the same as the quarter and dollar games, but the house edges bigger on these games.
People playing penny machines are not concerned about that. They just want to have fun and play a long time with little money.
The play penny slots, which include video poker machines and slots with colorful video narratives, as well as machines that look and operate more like traditional one-hour bandits, gamblers place electronic bets in one or something sent increments.
It's chopped off the machines allow wages anywhere from a penny to $10 or more per spin.
Yeah, penny my ass.
Gamblers feed the machines cash or credit cards in some states. Oh, can you imagine that?
Oh, yeah, slot machines with credit credit card on. Sure.
You got to be crazy.
I think that pineapple just finished me off. Maybe Paco put something in it.
Yeah.
And any winnings are paid out with a paper ticket that can be redeemed, redeemed, a cashier's cage or any machine used to place more bets.
With 3D videographics, bonus bins and familiar storylines like Star Wars or Wizard of Oz, the machines provide a form of active participatory entertainment that wasn't available with the old three real still slots.
That makes them especially big among people who go to casinos for a social aspect.
Oh, that's why I go there to smell the smelly Chinese one.
I'm just here to have fun since Stephanie Wright 41 of Kansas City. She played Blazing Sevens at the Ilock Capri.
Oh, that pineapple just tore my life up.
My boyfriend plays cards. I like to sit and play these while he does that. She said.
Wright used to play quarters in a roughly weekly visits to Kansas City casinos before she got hooked on the penny slots.
If you don't want to bet if you want to bet the max you can, but I go low, she said sometimes I get excited and go big once in a while.
I usually don't bet that much, but once in a while she gets excited and she goes low.
Oh, me. You're listening to your larger.
It's the one to two hours.
I'll give up drinking and prefer to think in.
You know I won't have fun.
I'll give up chocolate for another 40 days.
To give up smoking I will need some help so I will pray.
Turn my computer on, but I'll have to be sure.
I'll give up.
I'll give up.
I'll give up.
I'll give up.
I'll give up.
I found in the other room that Paco left me.
I don't know.
How do you like that?
What are these brown olives?
I don't know.
The ones with the pits in them.
Olives?
Colomati.
I'll take your word for it.
Don't have a name.
The little dark brown ones.
The crap.
I'm eating them though.
I like the green ones.
Me too.
I need some sceempe.
I'll have some sauce on it.
Conte al sauce?
Good stuff.
I don't feel so bad about you getting that KFC stuff.
I don't get fed during the show.
This was a real surprise.
Anyway, let's get back to business.
We only got 40 minutes and I'm out of here.
I'm history.
How do you think I'm going to be feeling by Thursday?
I don't know.
Am I going to be feeling by Thursday?
Yeah.
As in, you better be feeling all right?
Or what?
Or you'll get another email talking about how sick you are all the time because you're a Jew?
Yeah.
Screw him.
He's a real man.
What a jackass.
363 votes on the poll.
I'll read it one more time before I get out of here.
Larry loves himself with a link.
A link.
Delete.
Yeah.
As soon as I get a link, delete.
By the way, congratulations to Javier for winning those heat tickets that we were doing on that online contest.
Oh, nice going Javier.
I bet it's not the same Javier that was the Godfather's guy.
I went back to WS News a hundred years ago and Kendall, who don't have a God, Javier.
He was a beautiful man.
A beautiful young man.
And I think he and his whole family went to jail or something.
Something unsavory like that.
I think I just dropped a piece of olive down my shirt pocket.
So you'll have it for later.
The worst is when you drop ice down your shirt pocket.
You ever do that?
I've done my shirt.
I don't have a lot of shirt pockets anymore.
Why not?
I don't wear those kinds of shirts as a rule.
Are there old man shirts?
Is that what you're saying?
No, I just have a lot of t-shirts.
I wear t-shirts.
Some of them have pockets and sometimes I'll wear a shirt with a pocket but it's rare.
And what about the old pocket rocket?
I can't take that everywhere.
On revert shard, baby, the pocket rocket.
So the hocks lost lives now.
That's bad news.
I mean, when your teams are all out, you've got to root for the team that looks good.
Blackhocks.
I don't think anybody eat any more of this.
Got a big thing of crab meat here.
I like crab meat.
No, I mean, it's a lobster or crab meat.
What do you think?
Both?
Hmm.
I don't know, but I'm going to pass on the rest.
It looks like a nasty fish.
Well, that's great.
Oh.
If you get to feeling I'm not like 100% of what's going on here today, you're right.
It's like an out-of-body experience.
Dana says, I was listening to your archives when you were on holiday.
I noticed you're disgusted by all fellow radio people.
Do you really hate them that much?
Joe Bell is the one you have the biggest problem with.
Why is this Dana Hall?
Because he's an ass clown.
Because he's a butcher.
He destroys lives.
He destroys radio stations.
That's why Dana, that's the answer for you.
And I don't have that much problem with radio people.
How many radio people do I really have a problem with besides Mo and Joey Reynolds?
I don't know.
I don't break B. Dill and Sid Rosenberg.
Well, I don't even know him.
Oh, okay.
When you say I have a problem with somebody that you assume, it's somebody that you know.
Not just somebody you think is a bad person or sucks on the year or both.
In Sid's case.
So that's the latest rumor that George said on a starting morning's next Monday on 790.
And that maybe syndicated talk between 10 and whatever.
I guess they thrown in the towel here midday.
Yeah.
And you notice that I and Z with their big all sports, Fox sports, whatever it is.
There isn't one comment.
And that's because it's all syndicated crap.
They don't have one local show.
There's anybody on there who anybody cares about.
And there's no comments about 940 with that gigantic signal.
There is that would be like somebody bringing a bar of gold of pure solid gold and bringing into your home,
placing it on your dining room table.
And you put it under the toilet and just leave it there.
Yeah.
That's what it's like cheap channel destroying that frequency.
If it failed before, we know it can sure fail again.
And it will.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
I don't see you talking about now.
What?
I said, how's that pineapple?
David says in the Walgreens records, the first of all, there are no Walgreens here and there's no records here.
I don't think there's any records there anymore either.
No, no, no.
That's not enough.
Look for the Chaloreum eye wash to kill the scratch irritation.
I don't have any scratch irritation.
This is not a cure.
We'll just give you eyes relief.
Let it soak from it.
Keep your eyes closed.
Long time listener.
Well, thanks, David.
But I got no serious there.
If the flame would go away, I'd be okay.
I think that crap that I stuck in my eye, in fact, maybe now is the time for a couple more drops.
It said four times a day.
So during the break, I think I'm going to shimmer a couple more eye drops in each eye.
And thanks to Dr. George for giving me the real way to do that.
Because I thought the only way to do it is like you lift your top lid open and put your head back.
All my life and...
Hope to put aim.
I knew this chick who was an eye doctor and she said, no, no, no, you're doing it all wrong, you idiot.
You're sticking in the wrong place?
Yeah, she said, here's how you do it.
I'll bet.
If I'd wow.
I could never would have thought of that.
Wow.
That was up 66 and a half points.
It's a great day for America, baby.
You're not thinking neobodges.
He was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
Today on TMZ.
A California lawmaker says legalizing marijuana and taxing it would generate up to a billion dollars for the Treasury.
Governor Schwarzenegger, what do you think about legalizing pot in California?
They decided to get a bikini wax.
What?
And this is why I'm doing drugs.
Are you already high?
Doesn't elephant in the room.
Where?
Right behind you.
Here?
Yes, over here, yes.
Oh, yeah, I see it.
Oh, I see it.
Yeah, we all see it.
We have to stop it.
Why don't you just ask him to leave?
I've asked him and he said to no.
Many times to me, no, no, no.
So what are you going to do now, Rambo?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's that?
Who was he 9 millimeter?
Make my day.
Um, that's not even your line.
Oh, today on TMZ.
114 to 560 WQA and we got to big ol' but two we got Georgia at 140.
Ish.
Well, I mean, I'm going to do that break at 140 and then break out.
I got a lot of stuff to do, man.
A lot of business.
I'm busy.
I'm really busy today.
Then tomorrow I'm busy early in the morning and then all the way through.
The question and priorities, you know, I mean, when they're paying you half price,
you give them half a loaf, you know what I'm saying?
Half-ass.
That's right.
Brandon says, I'll say this about you being sick.
You're lucky in the sense that you just have to roll into bed to go to work.
How about roll out of bed?
For the rest of us, we have to struggle with getting dressed,
driving to the office, dealing with all the crap of the people in the office.
That's right, Brandon.
It's one of the good things about being here.
I roll out of bed, sick as a dog.
Rob Sanford, I'm trying to remember which crank he was the other day.
That was a crank name used by one of our regular chronics.
I forget which, Neil orgasming over food, it says.
You're eating just now.
It sounds like someone who's completely a sexual act.
Yeah.
Like in Fatsa.
I warned you about overeating once.
Food is first survival, not pleasure.
Maybe take a hint from flea who's a vegetarian.
No, I don't think so.
Did you know they're fleas of vegetarian?
Yes.
And what's your take on that?
It's not for me, thank you.
It's very similar to your sexual choices there.
Not for me.
Good luck to you.
Have fun with that.
I don't think you're sick though.
I think we are witnessing your last days.
You've never been sick like this before.
Something is wrong.
Something is wrong.
He's got a cold.
Something is wrong.
Yeah, Rob, I forget.
I forget that fake name was used by one of the chronics the other day.
So that would explain it.
Somebody who's...
Little like that.
But then again.
Here's Rick James Bitch.
Hey, Neil, if you ever got an autograph from Larry King,
hope your big nose feels better.
First of all, I don't have a big nose.
And secondly, why would I want an autograph from Larry King?
Would you want an autograph from Larry King?
I don't want anything from Larry King.
Maybe some money.
Big bag of money.
Yeah, oh yeah.
He's going to give you a big bag of money, all right.
Not $50, maybe $0.50.
I doubt it though.
$0.30, man.
$0.30.
Here's that poll.
The Dow is up 70 points.
It's cooking with gas.
384 votes.
But that's weak.
That is really weak.
We're going to just push over 400 here.
The most overhyped person, place or thing in America is American Idol 88.
Religion 54.
The Jonas Brothers 50.
The South Beach Scene 36.
Reality shows 26.
Hannah Montana 21.
Game Marriage 20.
Joe Stone crab restaurant 19.
The White House Dua 18.
Does that Dua have a name?
Do we know the name?
A bow.
Bow.
Bow.
Or like a bow, Bobama.
Bobama.
Mama, mama, your mama.
The White House Dog 18.
The NFL draft 18s coming up this weekend, boy.
They're all whipped up on these sports hall stations.
All the ass clowns.
Susan Boyle 11.
U2 9.
A Rodney steroids 5.
Somali Piratret III.
Unimplemented rate 2.
And the obesity epidemic.
Only one.
I don't see no fat people.
Well, let's see what Cliff and Kendall has to say.
He's usually got something worthwhile to say.
There are like four or five people on emails who have something to say.
Brandon is one.
Cliff and Kendall is one.
My buddy, Bo's, whatever his name, Bo's Florida with the dead people.
All the orbits.
Don't have any orbits for today.
Boy, you sure had a lot to catch up on yesterday.
A lot of people croaking.
And don't worry.
It's just a cold.
I'm not going to, I just, I told him, I'll live Joe Bell.
That's my golden life.
Dance on his grave.
I have a big smelly dump on it.
Hey, Joey, smell this for eternity.
Hmm.
That thing with that, uh, broad with the water pouring out of her nose.
That's, I don't know whether that's funny or just tragic.
Both?
What does that thing called?
The Nettie Pot.
I never, in my life, I never heard of such a thing.
It's an old-timey thing.
Yeah.
Maybe even older than you.
Oh, that's old.
Cliff and Kendall says, welcome back, Neil.
I was greatly amused by the T-Bagger's demonstration last week.
The crowds look like a cross between AARP and a clan meeting.
Where were these outrage jackasses when Bush drove us into this ditch?
During all the hype about the T-Bagger's, I noticed a real problem on the radio.
There was very little or no opposing view being discussed.
The only thing you heard on the air was rabid right-wing opinions.
Well, isn't that basically what you hear on the air now anyway?
For a long time.
Yep.
That is a big problem.
When 940 Wions, he was progressive, you could listen to a different point of view other than conservative.
When it comes to winning minds, the availability of differing ideas is so very important.
Although you can access progressive radio online, most people listen to the radio in the car.
Most people don't want to go through the effort and expenses satellite radio or all the hoop jumping required to live stream through a smartphone.
Your average Joe or Jane Six pack just wants to get in the car and turn on the radio.
I doubt the Democrats will win South Florida the next presidential election if there's no opposing voice on the radio.
Well, there was no opposing voice on the radio.
I mean, if you think Skirra America won Florida for Obama, your dream in Cliff.
Is he dreaming or what?
He's dreaming.
Skirra America.
They didn't have enough listeners to put into a phone booth. That's why they're gone.
And once they're gone, they're gone.
They ain't coming back.
Mike Johnson is back who absolutely never has anything to say.
Why is he back?
I don't know.
Something to do.
Keep them off the streets, I guess.
Neil, two items for your review.
This is the one who was with the blue bell ice cream earlier.
Yes.
He was erozed.
Yeah.
Remember that?
Maybe he was famosed.
Ooh.
If there was a God with a research, the thing is famosa.
Two items for your review.
One, whenever I'm sick, Vicks vapor, vapor rub.
This guy's just got a little, it's vapor rub, not vapor rub, Mike.
Always helps clear up the mong.
Schmaring that on your chest under your nose will clear you up quickly.
No, it will not.
I used it last night and the night before and it helps a little bit,
but it won't clear anything up quickly.
You think it will clear, clear you up quickly?
I don't know, quickly.
It'll feel good though.
It smells good.
Oh yeah, smells great.
I love the smell of Vicks.
Two is a follow up to the blue bell question earlier this morning.
And by the way, there was no response to that.
Nobody gives a flying crap about blue bell ice cream.
I'm hoping some of your male or e-mailers can help me figure out how to attack
the half-gallon blue bell ice cream of their choice.
I'm still but a rookie.
How do you attack there?
See, this is a guy trying to be a clown.
Try to be a comedian.
How do you attack the buffet at the Amel Coast Neal?
How do you do this?
How do you attack the ice cream with a spoon?
That's how I attack it.
It's about like a battle cry that you shout while you go at it.
Yeah.
Or once in a while, you can go like that.
It works like a charm every time.
They hate this pool, by the way.
I thought this pool was okay.
That's fine.
They don't like it.
387 is a week total, week.
George Ann is back.
I don't mean the email twice in one day, but what happened to Jesse Agler
in the early morning show?
Fired, cost-cutting.
Now it's ESPN AM.
Wow, it sucks.
If you talk about this before, I'm sorry to bring it up.
Now it's just more of the same.
That's all.
Pretty soon everybody's going to be fired.
Everybody in every station on every newspaper and every magazine, every TV station,
every company.
Why are they showing us Chris Reeves again on CNN?
I don't know, maybe it's some anniversary or something.
That was at 56 points.
I can't believe you're such an unbelievably bad judge of talents as Joe.
If you can't see that Flea is a thousand times better than...
Oh yeah, Joe.
Joe Bell.
Better than George.
You have more than the flu you've got a mental disorder.
Please give her that depressing spick, sign Joe.
Probably the real Joe Bell.
And the answer is no chance.
You say that now, but if he dies, what is this?
Oh yeah, if he dies, Joe Bell dies, you'll be shocked and will be the first one crying at the funeral.
Yeah, let's give it a try.
Let's test this one out.
What do you say?
He is the most evil subhuman creature I've encountered in this business in all my 500 years in it.
What, that takes him a lot of territory.
It's one thing to be just inept.
You know, some people can't help it if they're inept.
But inept an evil, that's a bad combination.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Oh, here's one from David Friedman.
Oh, guess who David Friedman is?
Hi, Neil.
No, I don't listen to you anymore.
Nor does my friend Jeff.
Hi, how are you?
You still have your head?
Oh, you still shave your head, live in Canada?
Does George Fernandez Rodriguez, Bernadette, is a force to work for you?
He sucks, by the way.
But I wish him the best considering the circumstances he came from.
Please leave him all your worldly possessions.
You probably will not live him anyway.
So I quickly emailed to you to say you suck.
You're an old man now.
When I started listening to you, 30 plus years ago, you were relatively young.
I missed those days.
I'll tell Jeff you said hello.
He lives in Pember of Pine still.
Did I say that you suck?
Not really.
If you have to population had your intelligence, this will be much better.
Love you.
Lyle, aka David F.
Is that for the old Lyle?
Never Lyle?
Sure.
Dave Friedman, crazy person.
I suck, I'm great, I'm good, I'm bad, I'm bad, I'm bad, whatever.
Just go the hell away, that's all.
You and your boyfriend, Fat Dave Hyde, who splattered the walls.
You know, something too bad Joe Bell wasn't working there back then.
That would have been an assignment for him.
Oh, Neil!
Neil!
I'll be right down the show.
Where the mother was going to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some cool old, a station on.
You banged old, radio.
Now as Nore's, Caroline goes.
Raleigh's a big city, you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For jolly, Riley, Joe, you ferry.
A new jam.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to five-six-oh.
With ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Playings, portable mose, an order in control.
And then so, jolly, Riley, Joe, a bug dealer.
And in the note, he lets mose go.
And here's what blows his gildy, his own show.
He'll make a big change.
And rearrange.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
About a four.
Not mad essentially blows.
Sport all radio.
The GM of five-six-oh.
Jolly, Riley, Joe.
Oi!
Okay, 131 at QAM.
Here's one from Terry.
I bought Bluebell a couple of times when it was on sale.
The containers are larger than most of the brands.
And the flavors are not bad.
My main complaint is that the ice cream itself is on the water recite.
Oh, I hate watery ice cream like a hug and aes.
I think public's premium is better quality ice cream.
And definitely a better deal when it's on sale, too, for one.
There's your take on Bluebell from Terry.
Okay.
Never had any yet or not.
No.
Interested?
No.
I'm not either.
If I'm going to do ice cream, I mean, I've got, you know, nestlies.
I mean, I'm interested, but not enough to go like looking for it, you know.
Right.
Somebody brought some to the station.
I would be very interested.
Oh.
Maybe tomorrow.
Maybe.
Maybe Mike Johnson with all his idiotic emails.
Maybe he'll take time out.
Maybe.
Oh, here's the fake Adam Kirschner.
I know it's fake because it's not his email, right?
Can you add Howard Stern to the list?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Good suggestion.
Go ahead.
Requests for the weather girls dedicated to Alice Randshel and Brian Norcross.
Thanks, buddy.
The fake Adam Kirschner.
Oh.
Eight minutes.
Then I'm going to, we'll play that break in minutes so you.
Okay.
Can you handle that?
Yeah.
And I realized that's a couple of minutes more than I said, but.
It's all right.
What would be the point of coming back after the break?
It's all right.
Is it all right?
It's all right.
It's okay.
See, that's why we have George around because he's a willing participant.
Yeah.
I'll just spend right over.
I sent him a text message in the morning saying I'm sick as a dog.
I won't be in the day.
He'll say, okay.
Feel better.
Yeah.
As opposed to like Joe Bell, who'd say, how come Rogers ain't on again today?
What's going on?
I'm like that.
God.
This is the flu.
Okay.
Or are cold.
I don't know.
Does it really make a difference what you call it?
It sucks.
Whenever it is, it blows.
Like your nose.
Like a garden hose.
Like the water that's pouring out that bitches nose.
On that cozy or whatever the thing was?
The nitty-pot.
The nose cozy.
Nitty-pot.
Nitty-pot.
Yeah.
Huh.
It's the most pretty ridiculous thing I've ever seen in my life.
Like something old that they're bringing back now or?
I don't know if it's coming back, but there are people that swear by it.
I swear at it.
Yeah.
I did my eye drops again.
Aren't you proud of me?
And I did it just the way you suggested.
I don't know how I went through life before, you know, that chick told me that.
Here's one from the fake Steve Rodden Arrow, which I already had blocked him.
But I went through the blocked ones, you know, I figured, well, we got a few minutes to kill here.
Why not?
Right?
Right.
Seven, but who's counting?
Neil, good morning, sir.
I just wanted to let you know that you missed a compelling time at the reunion picnic.
Who was the one I used to write about compelling radio?
Oh, that was Mr. Radio.
Right.
And it certainly could be that Mr. Radio is the same as Steve Rodden Arrow, because nobody in their right mind remembers Steve Rodden Arrow from South Florida TV.
Nobody other than a chronic pathetic groupie like Mr. Radio.
The softball game was the biggest hit of the day.
Brian Norcross was voted MVP of the game.
Sally Fitzliped on second base and landed right on her...
Brackdom!
Camberrill Martian and Bob Soepred did a magnificent job on the grill.
We had a surprise visit from herman and McBean.
Boy, I forgot how funny those two were.
Too bad you missed such a good time.
We're planning to get in for next year.
Hopefully you could come.
No.
Drop me a line if you ever come down North Carolina Mountains.
George too.
Looking forward to some real compelling NHL Stanley Cup playoffs tonight, regards the fake Steve Rodden Arrow.
Compelling.
Who was it that wrote about compelling radio?
Mr. Radio.
Right.
That's him.
This is a signal from Mr. Radio.
Like Rimmer was giving me a signal that he wanted Diffo's job.
Give me a signal.
I mean, is that stupid or what?
Yeah.
Same to me like you were giving a signal to me.
You know that, yeah, given a signal.
I mean, you know, this is somebody I used to talk to all the time.
Who used to be a friend of mine.
Used to be.
You know me, I chase him all the way.
In his case, oh, hallelujah, oh, happy day.
I don't know what it is about him.
I love his wife.
She's a real sweetheart, but him annoying.
Dan, you're pulling me out of business both financially and job wise.
Yeah.
You're a man.
I know.
Like, pal, we're going to go to dinner.
We're going to go with him.
A lot of work together with him.
Uh-huh.
Booking him hockey shows.
Oh, we got to do a hockey show.
The ramblings of a madman.
That's all I can say.
Only I was the crazy one.
Let him talk me into it.
I'm really not sure why you're old, softy.
That's what.
Yeah, that's right.
I can't say no.
That was up 63 points.
I'll tell you what else I took some last night too.
That awful.
What's it called?
That cough medicine?
Uh, robotusin?
No, no, no, no.
It's a Canadian thing.
Oh, I told you about it before.
Taste like battery.
Taste like the stuff I'm supposed to put in my eye.
Pose or brand?
Oh, it is just absolutely.
Let me, you want me to go and look at it again?
Yeah, sure.
Take about 10 seconds and then I might just keep going to go out the door.
It is just vile.
One moment please.
Okay.
Oh.
Okay.
Where does association, here's the way to remember it in the future, William F.
Oh, luckily.
It tastes just good and then they're advertising.
They say taste horrendous and it works great.
It's like cough and cold and throat medicine and like that and just, oh.
I don't know what battery acid tastes like but it can't be any worse than that.
Just horrible.
In fact, I think the as part of acid comes to play there somewhere.
Correct them.
Oh, so I took some of that and see how good it did.
Did it?
These things run their course, you know what I mean?
They run their course.
You can take your echinacea and your vitamins C and all these pills.
You can pop all bunch of pills.
Right.
You're just addressing the symptoms at best.
You're addressing it?
Self-addressed, regressing it.
410 votes on the pool and the winner is so far American Idol.
95.
The Jonas Brothers still respectable, turd.
And what does it say where, what kind of rings around their things?
Chastity rings.
Oh, promise rings.
They're promise rings.
They're called promise rings.
I promise I won't do it.
Yeah, with a girl.
In their case.
Now, why do you say that?
Why is it that everybody you find offensive is gay?
Oh, no, I don't.
That's not the rule at all.
Oh, God.
They have to look and act really gay.
Here's the rule I use.
If you're not interested in having sex with girls.
How do you know the Jonas Brothers aren't interested in having sex with anyone?
Because they wear those gay rings.
So what does that prove?
That they're gay.
No.
It's an act.
Oh, I know.
I know that.
It's all a big act.
They're probably doing it with each other.
Oh, that doesn't make them gay.
Oh, no.
Just make some brotherly.
That's all.
That's brotherly love.
Makes for a really tight family.
Yeah, the tightest love of all.
Really?
Therefore, we didn't love.
The bonus, I mean, Jonas Brothers.
They love that they're not speak its name.
Well, we did.
I think we did all the emails today.
Let's see about the eleded.
No.
I think I even covered those.
Oh, Dave Friedman from an old friend.
Is that is that pathetic or what?
Yes.
But then again, he's pathetic.
And so is his fat friend, Jeff High.
Yep.
Pathetic, tragic, and old friend.
Well, I don't listen anymore.
But George is this and you're that and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, he's talking to me.
He's talking to me.
I'm not feeling.
Go away and die.
Not necessarily in that order.
Well, guess what?
I finished my caffeine-free diet coke.
I didn't have any Pepsi as to the Pist me off.
Well, actually, this isn't even diet coke.
It's a zero.
What would they call it?
Pepsi zero?
No, that's not what it's called.
What do you got?
Pepsi Max?
No. Pepsi, not.
Well, whatever the hell it is.
Have a great time.
Cool NiiHow
I'm gonna make a man here, you're mine
I'm fighting for the WQA
Very fast
Now everybody's all they gather around and listen if you was
When I tell you every person needs a way of feeling good
Every kid needs a ball of spring and as they dog a stick
But all you need is a bag of weed you really get a dick
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
A bag of weed, a bag of weed or everything is better with a bag of weed
If you only hope to ever meet because everything is better with a bag of weed
Here, go, you're all giddin' now
When tissue's people wide and wet
They go assault a queer
When students meet one need a friend
They wrench the rocket here
When Michael Jackson needs a rash
He hopes a guy like me
Right, but all we need is a bag of weed to keep us worried
Three, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
A bag of weed, a bag of weed or everything is better with a bag of weed
If you only hope to ever meet because everything is better with a bag of weed
I'll get a ride
As Mr. HL Minkin said, the common man's a fool
And just like Helen Keller said, do you give people food?
But try and use your heads and don't buy into all the beer
I don't only need you as a bag of weed to make us want a cheer
I don't want to
A bag of weed or bag of weed or everything is better with a bag of weed
If you try and fight for the rollercoats
Because everything is better with a bag of weed
Here's the gildin' I'm beer
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
A bag of weed or everything is better with a bag of weed or everything is better with a bag of weed
I'm just playing it off of YouTube, I didn't have time to find a clean copy of it as if
Sure, I got to get the the T-bow thing going or I could just use my arcos for how the way it's designed instead of a glorified hard drive
I could actually record TV shows and bring it in here and do my own production instead of trusting these people
Posting stuff on YouTube, but it's only there for five minutes anyway
Enjoy it while it's there, right? Baguette just brought a type in family guy, bag of weed song, and you'll get the other visuals
They rip it right out of there
It was here yesterday
And just the song is there today, but it's just got still pictures
Good luck to you
And if it disappears from there, it'll be somewhere
Somebody will post it, e-bomb
What's the point of them pulling it off?
It's a e-bomb world
It's promotion, yeah, let's go
You know how it is, you know how it is in this business, people they don't know what's good for them
Well, I wonder if it was the family guy people or the Fox people that believe the Fox people
Yeah, I would guess
You know, NBC was the one that started that whole thing in the first place
Yeah, started really going spazzy about that
And then they make the product available on their site
Of course
Also for free, but then they get the ad revenue from it
That's fine, we don't care
I tell people
You know, it's all out there on the internet
If your computer can see it, if it's a digital thing, whatever it is
Music, a picture, a movie, video, whatever it is
If it's something that your computer can see and play, it's free
Yeah, if you want it to be
If you know the right keystrokes
I just
I pity people
And I'm still buying stuff just so you know
I'm still buying something if it's good enough a DVD, a CD or something and adding it to the collection if I feel it's collection worthy
Sometimes just to have the pretty box on the shelf because then boxes they sure can be pretty sometimes
But it's a great way to save your time like for example that Wolverine thing
Yeah, just not the first time that I've saved some money by previewing
That's what I call it
I preview, I screen it, you know they call it the screener when you get it
It says right on the bottom, you know DVD screener only for you know you're not supposed to have this
You're seeing this, you're bad
The evil person
And so I screen it like the first Hulk movie which was awful
Didn't even look at the second Hulk movie which was only mediocre
I almost want to see that
I would have been like riot level angry like Terran seats up and throwing them at the screen angry
If I had paid money to go see that piece of turd
Yeah, the second one was bad enough and the Wolverine thing and you know whatever it's got some visuals in it but they fall way short
It was weak so I'm really glad that I got to see that
Like to me the original Hulk that couldn't even look good with the trailer which is hard to do
Right because usually the trailer looks great even if the movie sucks
They keep forgetting we don't want to go on about this they keep forgetting hey how about a plot how about story line what they forget that
That's why you know the comics that do go on to become popular or books or comic books whatever the literary medium that these movies are often based on
A lot of most of the time it's it's a book
They take just bits and pieces the wrong bits and pieces from the book or comic book and then bring that over on to the screen
And just absolutely abandoned the reason that the book or comic book was popular in the first place
And that it was a really good story where I didn't know what was gonna happen
It's like in a was on the edge of my seat like oh suspense and all those elements
Yeah, right and it's an explosion's in there and sure as long as the costume and it look it's got the costume and the name and it's fine
Like that last Superman movie which was just awful
I they're no excuse far from that being made the first one was okay the first one was fine
There's no excuse for doing it again later on and doing it worse than you did the first time yeah
I love a god. That's one of the ones I actually turned off halfway through. So how you doing there Lee I'm good
I'm good. We've all been in general and we're back we're gonna be well
You're taking the day off tomorrow because it's your birthday. That's it gives me one more day to shop for your present
See see I was gonna go to this afternoon, but I'll I'll put it off now
If I had a known that Neil was taken off I would have requested a different day off
Sure, we just get the day to use what we want well we can't plan these things out
This is all part of like it's not just live radio, but you know
Unscripted the show when everything is unscripted, but our lives are when you do this for a living your entire day is unscripted
You don't know from one day that the next what's going on
Well, I thought it was really funny today that someone recommended putting the lemon juice in your eye to cure pink guy
Yeah
Oh, oh the stuff they send in it's only
I was like this is like because you don't know who's on the other end of any of these emails or phone calls or anything
But the the notion it's like if you did know you would definitely not even take the call or read the email
But it's like it's like some crazy you know you you pass by the crazies on this street yelling at the person that isn't there
Yeah shouting at the invisible man or something like that
It's like taking medical advice from that guy medical or fashion advice or maybe some investment advice from that guy from the homeless guy
Well now there's a four Myers was a crazy guy that did that but on the corner
He also held a the receiver part of the phone the ear part of the phone that was connected to nothing perfect
Dude that's that's like a prop comic that's a prop crazy
Yeah, I would have given that guy money at least he's putting on an effort
It's just like like the beggars that actually do something right you know if you're gonna if you're gonna beg for the love of God
offer to do something sing a song touch me
Juggle juggle
Juggle doing a amusing dance. I do like a good homeless person amusing dance
I'm not gonna see I'll give you a dollar yeah
I'm using dance you know and there are lots of homeless female chicks holding signs up and everything like that look look
The beautiful women flash their boobs and all they expect are beads cheapo beads
Which are like what what do you figure a strand of beads like those like a nickel? Yeah, all right
So you want a dollar or a quarter from me and you're not even gonna show me your boobs come on now
You're you're not working hard. You're not working harder even just one blue. I'll give you a quarter
Okay, I'll tell you why I'll give you a
50 cents for two or
A quarter for one nice is that you're in the option sure they could just hike up
They could you that way they don't have to put the sign down how much for a beaver shot
Some of these women you don't have to be for sure, you know
I'll give you a dollar if you keep your pants on birds come flying out
You know we almost we almost started talking I I just wanted to get this out there before I forget because we were talking
About the battle of the bands and everything yeah
And I we ran out of time or something because we spent a lot of time talking about how how same is
Everything was I just want to say everybody, you know, though. It's a sound that you know
I'm tired of already everybody was very good at that all the bands are good at recreating that that same sound sure
Um, and and the one band the ghost of Gloria
Mm-hmm was you know
I wanted to mention that if anybody has a potential that I want to hear more of and and see some more shows
It's them because they played the one song that actually sounded different. Yeah, I actually you know
Perk my head up and turned around and went oh, what's that that sounds different?
Well, that's how we're different. That sounds new. It's four different bands this Thursday
Wow, and in the winter from last Thursday will face the winner of this Thursday the following Thursday
Well, I don't know if I want to do a regular thing, but I had a good time
We could do that a lot lots of things to see that was the music was you know, listenable. Yeah, it was good
Yeah, it's all right. I don't know if I want to do that every Thursday. Well, it's only three Thursdays
It's only three Thursdays. Yeah, okay. Well, we'll talk about it. You know, I've been skipping skate and I got to go back there
Ah, there he goes again. That's it. We killed it. That was quick. Yeah for nothing. This is easy unscripted on plan
But easy six till two on all-fill in radio 560 Q. I. M
New this fall on Fox. It's a late-night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen
The king of pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity
Hello, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of
Mobley and Disney's new animated adventure the younger book to please welcome my special guest in my bed
Halley, Joe, Osmond
Do we have to do this in your bed? It's innocent. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with Barry Gibb
So tell me, Halley, Joe, Osmond. How is it working with lovable bear balloon?
He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hey, Halley look what I could do with this
You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed. I'm here with my next guest snuggle up in my bed
It's a big TV star the child who plays sip of which is son and my p.d. Blue hello child who plays sip of which is son and my p.d. Blue
Sure put put on this mask
Having so much fun me and my children pay this game with Barry Gibb all the time
Put the mask on
Touch this one time
So grab some warm milk and cookies and join Waco Jack offers on late night TV like you've never seen before
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight son Fox
