560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 560-705-60 in Dave and Brown Bay.
In other counties, call toll free 877-785 Neil,
or pound 560 on your AT&T and horizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his colors,
do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Hey, it's Vince here for the sham out.
A towel that soaks up anything.
You won't believe this friggin' towel.
So, it's up water.
Milk, cool aid, hook a blood, your own blood.
After a hook a bite, you tongue.
The tears that you can't stop shedding once you realize that your career's over
before it ever really started.
So, to everything, the sham out.
Call now because you know we can't do this all day.
We're busy waiting for our lawyers to get to the station
so we can tell the cops exactly what happened.
I Vince for the sham out.
My life is over, order now.
Good luck to you Vince, you'll need it.
How is his nut still in, by the way?
What's that thing called a slap chop?
Slap chop, yep.
Well, you wouldn't eat one of those because it's meat.
How about a lamb chop?
Sure.
You know, you're not eating the lamb chops.
You mean the puppet, right?
The hand puppet, lamb chop?
Sharia, she's dead.
Oh, that's a shame.
What was her name, Sharia, Louis?
Jerry, Louis?
Sharia, Louis.
She's still dead.
Not Jerry, Louis.
She was Sharia, Louis.
So George might be staffing by 11 o'clock, huh?
That's the word.
Thunderbird.
I thought he was in there this morning.
No, he was just talking to me on my cell phone.
He was on the cell phone, and you, you sounded from here,
from where I sit, 1,200 miles away,
it sounded like George was in there.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And I wonder how come he's not talking to me?
He hates you, bap, bap, bap, bap.
He was on the phone.
Yeah.
Well, Sharia is having another son
at the age of 63.
It says it's her former daughter, Chester Deez,
who's going to become her son.
She has another son already, Elijah Blue,
from a marriage to Greg Orman.
Elijah Blue, oh, God.
The one time cute little girl, Chastity,
who was the regular part of her parent's sony and chair comedy hour,
is in the process of a sex change.
Oh, my God.
Now, 40, Chastity, a civil rights activist,
came out as gay about 20 years ago.
There seems to be, I don't know, a lot of confusion in that family.
Yeah.
Because Sharia was always much more macho than Sonny.
I mean, Sonny was like a fruit fly.
He should never have gone skiing.
I told him, don't do it, Sonny.
Don't do it.
Just like Sonny going out in the causeway.
Don't do it, Sonny.
You regret it.
Look what they did to my boy.
Look how they massacred my boy.
I'm sorry.
So anyway, Chastity is becoming a guy.
All right.
Well, it's the family's just unromying.
Sharia is much more macho than most.
Okay, here's the poll result from yesterday.
A really crappy poll too.
And we apologize profusely for it.
I do.
1026 votes.
Religion is blank.
I mean, you know, it's okay, but it's, we've done it eight million times.
A man made a crutch for weak people 307.
A bunch of crap 288.
I tell you, one we left off of there would have been good, a hell of a business.
Yeah.
Good business to get into.
A good tax-free business.
You want a good racket.
You want a good scam.
Open up a choich.
Not very important in my life, 180.
Moderately important in my life, 155.
And very important in my life, only 96.
Less than 10% of this audience are in the religion thing, heavy duty.
Oh, the Lord is going to smite you.
Smote you.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Well, screw him.
The Lord.
Just amazing how many stupid people are in this world.
You know, billions of really dumb people.
They let around like sheep by the nose.
Here's our poll today.
What's your take on the show?
And thanks to Bob for getting us to wait.
It's compelling there at the end.
So that's just one on there.
If it would have been on there last night, it's already got four vote.
Six.
Six votes.
Really?
Seven.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Can't even keep up with it.
340 votes so far.
What's your take on the show these days?
I miss George's winning hands down.
111.
If he does come in at 11, he'll be pleased to see that.
Yeah.
I mean, won't make him any money, but it'll give him a good ego boost.
The Dow's down 48 points, by the way.
Not off to a great start.
I miss George 111.
The show is fine.
48.
I love the calls being back.
47.
It's week.
32.
It's okay.
32.
What show?
27.
You know, we do have many people who vote on our polls online who don't listen to the show.
Really?
I don't ask me why.
They just, I don't know.
I guess they found the website and they just did it around on there.
But they don't listen to the show.
Maybe they don't even know about the show.
It's great 24.
It's a disaster 12 and it's compelling seven.
See, I put something on there for everybody so the people that want to like, um, creep it, you know.
They can go to it's a disaster.
It's a week.
Yeah, like that.
Right.
But so far, I would say we're doing okay.
I love the calls coming back 47.
Boy, that's shocking to me.
Now, what's the deal with the phone today?
What do you think?
Any day.
Oh, it's still not working.
I'm not sure.
Well, let's give it a test, okay?
567 05 60.
Pound 560 in the Verizon AT&T wireless line and then that toll free number for the entire USA or at least that in a part of it.
And I sure hope that guy from Connecticut doesn't call back in.
Tony, the UPS driver.
Oh, my God.
I still haven't recovered from that.
1 877 785 6345.
1 877 785.
I don't see anything happening on that phone.
Chris, run at 18 hour delay, but right.
You think he's a worker?
Let's see.
Oh, yeah.
They're working all right.
Just they have nothing to say.
They don't want to socialize with us today or at least not with me.
Oh, here we go.
WQAM.
Hello.
Not the singer.
You are the worst.
You are the absolute worst.
I told you this before and now that we're back to the calls.
I'll take it that again.
You are the worst.
A jackass on two legs.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Run bit of core from Fort Myers, Florida.
I loved the down and five up there next to Brighton High School when I was teaching and coaching.
I was teaching up there.
Yeah.
I'd have the burgers, fries with gravy and raspberry.
It's not there anymore, pal.
It's gone.
Long drawn.
Yeah.
It's a bank.
It's a bank now.
Listen to you every day.
It's great.
You listen online.
Yep.
I listen on the radio.
560 from over here in Fort Myers.
And how's it coming in?
It comes in great.
Excellent.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
You're welcome, buddy.
I'll see you at sea breeze.
There's still a ton of bives at sea breeze.
For all you Rochesterians out there, both of you.
Oh, that's so boring.
It's not compelling to talk about Rochester.
I would agree with that.
It's not a very exciting place.
It was an okay place to grow up like I said.
To go to school, the schools were excellent.
Schools in New York State are very good.
Especially compared to Florida.
You can't complain about the education the kids get in Florida because generally speaking, they don't get one.
No, I think the only state worse is Louisiana.
Louisiana.
Yeah, that's right.
Louisiana, what I spend like, what about a dollar a year for each kid?
Louisiana.
Ray Nogginhead, man, it's it's fitting that he's the mayor of Nalins because he's a moron and so are most of the people in Louisiana.
It's a really dumb ass state.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I am fair.
Hi, Taylor.
Uh-huh.
I'll come always.
Okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Take those good lines, work.
All right.
What more can we want?
Now there's there's a real we need more people like him.
Technical, you remember Chubby checkers in Faso?
Yeah.
This is technical checkers.
I think we got rid of the wave on the signal, I do believe.
Yeah, I found out what the problem was with that.
What's that?
Well, apparently lightning hit the transmitter and when it did, it kicked on the backup transmitter.
Uh-huh.
And then what will happen was the original transmitter came back on but the lightning hit took out the meters of the vehicle.
And then the backup transmitter, so we didn't know that it was still on.
So we had two transmitters on at the same time.
All right.
All right.
And fix it, fix it.
Metaboy fix it.
He's good.
You know, I mean he walks around looking like kind of a doodle bird but he's okay.
Yeah.
That's why they call him fix it because once in a while he uh-fixes it.
Thanks, fix it.
So in other words, that's not going to come back.
That's not going to be a permanent thing.
Oh, thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Thank God.
We got rid of the, you know, as if we don't have another enough other handicaps already.
Yeah.
And the backup transmitter is by the Herald building which explains why it was so bad by the Herald building.
What do you mean by that?
I guess the backup transmitter was washing out the original transmitter and that's why people were getting no signal by the Herald building.
Or the real heavy waves too.
That's what was explained to me.
I see.
Well, whoever explained it to you probably explained it better than what you just explained to us.
Sure.
That didn't make a whole lot of sense to me.
The backup transmitter is near the Herald?
Yeah.
The backup transmitter is-is by the Herald.
That's what I was told.
Are you talking about the tower is by the Herald or the transmitter?
I mean, we're talking about two different things.
I'm telling you what I was told.
You would always tell business more than five minutes but what?
I'm just telling you what I was told.
I see.
Well, whatever.
We got it fixed, baby.
Oh, yeah.
We're making progress here at QAM.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Can you give us a bit of the two-lamin and then get some-
QAM.
I got to just be alone with this one, right?
I wonder what I wonder.
I can't ask for those broadway shows with this old one-dance, because that I could just look like.
Right.
Did he talk about broadway shows?
I don't know.
Some old toad, you know.
Some old toad probably in Topeka, Kansas or somewhere.
It's a toll free for the U.S., I guess.
1-877-785-6345.
Look alive.
Look alive, Marino.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes.
Oh, you're running tonight.
There's anybody under the age of 100 who's got real teeth.
Please, please call Austin, say hi.
Wow.
Yeah, that's right.
Game 7 of the Santa Cup finals tonight.
Any interest?
No.
I see the Martin's blew that game yesterday.
Hey, sure did.
They lost.
They were head 5 to 3 and they lost 6 to 5.
That's their speciality.
Do you do as you are many days?
Blowin' a lead lead.
They lost 6 to 5.
And Ron and Pongley had $10 tickets and there was still nobody there.
Do you have any idea what the attendance was for that game?
I can find out what they announced.
Yeah, what are the announced?
I'll find out.
Probably like 12,000 or 14 or 16 or something like that.
There were a few thousand, select few thousand between the baselines behind the plate.
And other than that, the whole thing was just a big empty cavernous pit.
WDQAM.
Hello.
You're serious, watch.
We're supposed to be the first time.
But QAM.
Team or James Cod, piece of crap out of collar.
Did you really beat the crap out of him?
No, he missed the business.
Yeah, we beat the crap out of him.
WDQAM.
Hello.
I'm your friend.
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
On the road.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Okay, that's it.
That takes care of that bunch.
G that line 1.
We got somebody on line 1 who keeps calling back with that crap in the background.
What is that?
How are there something they're playing in the back?
What is that garbage?
I couldn't tell.
Oh, maybe we'll tell this time.
QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, how are you, man?
I'm this George, man.
Yeah, I know.
I see that's what everybody says.
Yeah, you know, and I mean, he was really insightful when it came to the news and, you know, supporting people like us.
You know, it's just messed up how we lost the man.
But I feel it's in the U. You're the man.
Where are you calling from?
Coral Springs, Florida, man.
Oh my God.
Coral Springs all the way up there.
Yeah, sorry.
Wow, okay, thanks.
I thought that was going to be like somebody in a, you know, in Dubuque, Iowa or somewhere.
Are you ready for this?
Yes.
The announced attendance for yesterday's game, 19,100.
19,100.
Yeah, I believe the 100 part.
Yeah.
I mean, there were a few thousand people there.
There might have been like five or six thousand all jammed, you know, into the same area.
And that was with $10 tickets.
Yep.
With a big promotion.
And with your buddy Ron Brewer thrown out the first pitch.
And with Paul, well, I bet you ate him out of house and home yesterday, your buddy Fat Paul.
Good God.
I wonder if they let him into press while we saw him on the air with Rich Waltz.
They should let Castanovot do the occult of the game.
Yeah.
Have it have to be better than Rich Waltz.
He is absolutely the worst, the world's worst in history on baseball.
They even guilty on hockey.
This head's in shoulders.
Look at that.
We got nine people who say it's compelling already.
Thanks to Bob for adding that to our very important scientific poll.
Oh, me.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm so sorry to tell you.
We'll be right back.
Five, six, eight, eight, eight.
It's the 12th Friday, you bastards.
I'm down here just visiting from the States.
Everyone wears a white mask on the face.
Well, I'm break.
At least the weather's been great.
What a place.
Oh, Mexico.
I can't take a whole bit just for cold.
They may not let me on my plane my home.
Because of swine flu now.
I'm not over here.
Oh, Mexico.
It's not the best place a tourist should go.
The death rates here are beginning to grow.
It's best to stay home now.
Oh, they got the swine flu in Mexico.
They may not be a wine flu in Mexico.
Oh, they got the swine flu in Mexico.
Down in Mexico.
They got swine flu in Mexico.
Okay, I don't want you to panic.
But the WHO, the World Health Organization yesterday,
finally declared today a pandemic.
Have you seen that?
No, I did not.
It's a pandemic.
Oh, there's Andy Roddick and Bill Curtis with their computers.
He won't.
So I can build travel plans faster.
Check my account, fellas.
He does have a great voice, Bill Curtis.
Yeah.
A medical justice.
He's a very melodramatic guy.
And there's nothing wrong with Andy Roddick.
He never stole a freight train.
And he shares how it looks.
I held up a lot better than the Roger Federer.
My God.
Good thing Joe Rose is a heteroguy because his taste in guys is really bad.
Really bad.
He's in love with LeBron.
He's in love with Roger Federer.
And he said, Zach looks like a movie star.
Oh, uh.
Nobody said that's what he said.
Looking kind of like a movie star or something.
I would underline the or something part.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've noticed the last 10 years or so that you dropped off intellectually.
And I guarantee if you would up against the bridge tender,
he would clean your up.
Yeah, okay.
Great.
I've dropped off intellectually.
Yeah, I noticed.
Yeah, if you notice that last 10 minutes, I think I've dropped off intellectually.
I'm like, what the people old man?
I went up against the bridge tender.
How many hours did it take for you to work that one?
Observe brilliant comment.
And compelling just past disaster.
13 to 12.
It's compelling 13.
It's a disaster 12.
Now maybe we'll get somebody from out of town online.
Maybe it's just going to be the same guy playing Howard in the back or whatever he's playing.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, it's not an actor.
It's a model in his face.
There's a model in his face and stuff.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Well, I also know what does he create is when he laughs like overzealously.
I really, really horrible jokes.
One of these wonders.
When Joe Rose laughs overzealers.
Well, call him and tell him that, okay, don't be picking on the little dog on this show.
He's our only hope.
Joe Rose.
Him and Drew Rosenhouse.
Calados is while yesterday's rating scenario from Alder Sabre was certainly amusing.
Here's a scenario that may be more relevant.
Suppose there's a company that owns a lot of radio stations, including multiple stations in each market.
Cheap channel or whatever.
So this company's group station manager, or whomever, decides they want to boost the ratings of one particular station, call it station A.
Because it's more profitable or needs a boost.
So the manager secretly tells the engineers to change the encoding broadcast by one station, call it station B,
to the encoding of the other station and the group station A.
Thus making the unmentionedable meter device to think that the listener is listening to station A,
rather than the one or actual listening to station B,
and thus reducing the ratings for the weaker station and boosting the ratings for the more profitable one.
Wow.
It says, think about this while you're having a nice vacation.
No, I won't think about it, but thanks for the nice vacation wish.
Cal.
Think about this.
No, I will definitely not be thinking about such a cuckoo-ri.
But maybe you will.
What do you think that's a possibility?
I think anything's possible.
Yeah.
But that thing from Walter Sabo yesterday, and I hate to say it because he said to a knucklehead, but that was, I still have it in my pile here.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It makes sense.
All these people that are exposed to like in offices, in places of work, on the speaker system,
they've got the coast, they've got life, or they've got WMI, they've got slush in the background.
And so if you're wearing one of them devices, it's going to register on there.
Right.
They're listening for hours, however long you at work.
It's going to be ticking and clicking and chirping all day long.
Right?
That's true.
So let's get this show on every orifice.
Well, they're not going to put this show on in business places.
Are they, of course not.
No.
Well, why do you say that right away so fast?
You're supposed to be the promotions guy.
I put your thinking cap on, Mr. and come up with some ideas, how to blackmail.
I mean, how to convince, how to coerce people in business to crank it up.
Damn, today I grabbed my Cubs cap.
No, Christ right now.
Go home and get your thinking cap.
Okay.
You got a Cubs cap?
Yeah.
That's sad.
QAM, hello.
Any of you feel safe, far from the radio?
Far from it.
Oh, I don't know why I'm hitting this.
I hit it.
No, but I don't know why I'm doing it.
Just a force of habit, I guess.
Yeah, it doesn't hurt.
Yeah, it can't hurt.
That's for sure.
It can't hurt.
393 votes on the poll.
Not too shabby.
That was down 12 points.
All the numbers.
You're giving numbers, Rodgers.
You're mailing it in.
You just keep giving numbers.
I wish I heard from that guy.
Not.
What's your take on the show?
I miss George 129.
He might be in about a half an hour.
He's threatening to come in.
I love the calls being back 54.
It's fine 54, the show.
It's week 37.
It's okay 36.
What show 29?
It's great 28.
In the sunshine state.
It's compelling 14.
It's a disaster 12.
It's a disaster, Neil.
It's a disaster.
You've dropped so intellectually in the last 10 years.
The bridge tender would clean your clock.
WQAM, hello.
29.
It's great 28.
QAM.
You got a Neil.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing?
Listen, I was at the Velmont thing on Saturday at Gulf Stream.
I had me a few beers.
I go to the bathroom and I see your thing.
I thought that was quite funny.
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Did you bring that out?
Something new like,
There are cr 웃 receiving cake.
a bowl like urinals. Yeah. Those are the only ones you can put the ice in. There are
a few things greater. Like Ruth Chris always has ice in the urinals. Always. Well, most
of the time. I guess the ladies must be frustrated if they can't pee on ice. They could if
they'd fill up the toilet pool, I guess, with ice, but I don't think it would last too
long. Would it? No. I don't know what that's all about. It's just it's just one of those
things with me. And especially if it's fresh ice, if you can see that it was just put in
there within the last, you know, short period of time and you're melting it and it's like
dribbling down. You know, it's like, oh boy, what a feeling of power. WQ I am. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, did you hear I heard you met the rain egg? And I know that
you hear that there's a high school or something that took a trip over the China or
Korea and they got quarantine with swan flu and rain nagon and his wife or they're also.
Yeah, they just they just let them loose. Oh, they did. Oh, they found out who it was.
And they said, get them out of here. Okay. All right. Okay. See you. Did you hear that?
Yeah. I did hear that. I heard President Washington just went out and chopped down another
cherry tree. Old news, sir. Old, old news. Did you hear? I just I don't understand
this world. You know, each day that I come in here and do this show, I understand the
world less and less and less. I just don't get it. I don't understand you people. You
know why me by that? You people. Do you understand them? Yeah. Didn't Joel Conable win that thing
in New Times? Also, what's your name there? Joyce Kaufman. See, that's the Broward and
Palm Beach edition all the one. And so the Joyce Kaufman fan club, all 50 of them. They're
the ones that vote for Joyce. They're obsessed with Joyce. Kaufman. Do you hear her? No. Oh,
boy. You haven't lived until you've heard Joyce Kaufman. And she got like 80 trillion
votes from the readers in Palm Beach County. Really? As the best talk show host as the
Joyce Kaufman. She oh, I fell from Joyce. She's such a maven. She knows all the crap. Oh,
new. Here she's on the light bulb. Here we go again. I'm so sorry to spoil you. It's later. 560 Q
A. F. It's Friday. You bastard. On the next, flip this house. All right. It's one of our
biggest challenges yet as we attempt to flip Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch. Let's
flip. We'll be to create a comfortable reading room out of Michael's secret children's
playroom slash love dungeon. That's what it's called. Yeah, that's what I thought. And this
room's going to need some immediate remodeling. For instance, we'll be removing these child
size arm and leg shackles right off the wall. Those are heavy. Seeing as today's buyer might
frown upon having that in the house. Hey, Shelley, can you get your crew to pick up all
these latex ballgags? Yeah. And you better get a black light. It's kind of messy. Neverland
Ranch on the next. Flip this house. Yeah, flip this 1032. What kind of people watched
that stuff? Those shows, all those home repair shows and all that. They're very popular.
What kind of people watch it? Not me. Not me. But there's like a million of them on
there. Is your channel surfing looking for something besides another shot at love? What's
her name? Tia tequila. Tia big mitsia tequila. Oh, brother. I mean, I could
understand if she was somehow bombshell or something, all these people, you know, of all
sexes lined up waiting to, I mean, she's nasty. Both nasty looking and nasty personality.
Johnny darkses the show is making strides. Maybe another 33 years and we'll get it right.
So let me know when you have time, Jack and Stan major on. I'll be glad to come in. How
you going to squeeze all those people in that little studio there? Yeah, that'll be tough.
Now what's the story that if you had a guest, do you have another microphone in there?
Now we're not. No, not yet. Not yet. Hopefully over the weekend. What what what a holiday
are we waiting for? Simha Stora? Sturcus? What are we waiting for? Fourth of July is coming
out. Jesus God almighty. Everything I ask you is this done yet? Is that in there? Oh,
not yet. Not yet. Maybe we'll get a real call in line one, but probably not yet. Q. I.
M. Hello. Hey, what's up, man? Yes, sir. All right. I got a question for you. What do
you think about the price of gold? What do I think about what? The price of gold. The price
of gold. I don't I don't buy gold. Yeah, because I'm having to all the right wingers
are pushing it right now. Yeah, yeah, Tom, the push stool. Okay. Get it. Get out of here
with the price of gold. All the right wingers are pushing gold. That should tell you
something. I'm by a whole bunch of it right now. Yeah. I wish I could afford to. But
before I had a bad night at Woodbine last night, I don't know what I went back there for.
I had a good afternoon. And then I was ahead. I was winning last night. Usually when
I won a substantial amount, I run to the door and I go out. I leave. I didn't do it last
night. I stayed. I got greedy. And when you get greedy, you lose your ass. Welcome. Wow.
Not good. Tawaii coast. A fool in his money or soon farted. Here comes the bunny and
there goes your money. And that's the way it goes. The fake Tom jikens says don't rip
Joyce Kaufman too much. George may be working with her soon. That's true. Is it true?
I don't know. That's what I heard. Maybe. Maybe. Yep. Well, we hear a lot of things. Maybe.
Sid may be coming. Maybe. And this one may be doing over there. Maybe in the out of
the out of the out. I don't have any spy reports. Anything exciting going on in the
business. So I guess they didn't have any kind of like a screaming match or maybe they
didn't rip my ass again last night. Get some new material. I'll bash it. Okay. Talk about
somebody besides me. Talk about something beside Neil Rogers is washed up and his ratings
are at the bottom and he's all finished and he hasn't tried in years. And blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, Neil is Neil. Just obsessed. Obsessed. And
you know who's the driving force behind that? Your good friend Mark Hock, Hock, Mewner's
came trying to Hockman. He's the one. He's listening right now. You can bet your life
on it. Obsessed. And you can be damn sure that those people over there are voting on
to pull their creeping it. It's a disaster. They're shows that disaster. Greg says. Wow.
It was very compelling to hear that. Lums is finally closing. Greg. It says my husband
and I ate their August 08. So it must be Greg's email. But unless Greg is, you know,
gay. Got a husband. Good day. I've been sick ever since since August 08. I was diagnosed
with IBS, a high edal hernia and anything else the doctor thought would fit. I'm now
being seen by an internal medicine doctor and still haven't found what's wrong. And
now have a new diagnosis. Collitis. Short of wanting to sue, I find it compelling that
Lums hasn't been shut down for serving trash for food. I'm sure the initial problem was
a compelling case of food poisoning being that we lived two hours away from Lums. I didn't
pursue the idea of looking into the fact that Lums probably poisoned me. I'm still
fighting whatever it is that Lums served up that fateful day in August. Lums should have
been closed long ago. It's a sincerely a very sick listener. P.S. Anyone getting sick
in Highlands County should be compelled to move the hell out. The doctors here suck
or belong to the 7th day Adventist collection of misfits. The doctors preach Bible while
they're in with the patient. All the hospitals are sponsored by the 7th day Adventists. If
anyone wants to work in these hospitals, they have to sign a contract agreeing not to
wear makeup, jewelry or fancy clothes. Don't the 7th day Adventists make that you ought
to like them. They make all that vegetarian stuff. Do they? I don't know. You don't know?
They make those frozen veggie patties and sausage links made out of veggie. They don't
serve any meat to the patients who were in there. If you ask me, my former medical doctor
did not diagnose me correctly because I refused to go to his Bible study group. He continually
tells me I'd feel better if I read the Bible. I can't believe this crap happens. I've
since switched doctors and finally find some relief. Don't break your neck in Highlands
County. You'll be dead or converted just to get treatment. Even then it's all in God's
hands. It's crap. Just compelling crap says whoever this is on Greg's email. They ate
it in the 8th of the month and August their weight and this person has been ill and ever since.
Nobody QAAM. Hello. QAAM. Hello. Yes. Yes. I'm calling for a gentleman. I got to go away.
Go die. Reverend Schmuck always sounds the same. Even when he's doing a phony voice, he always
sounds the same. Always. It's pretty bad. Very, very bad. The worst. QAAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Hey, did you hear the rumors that Howard is going back
to a terrestrial? Yeah, I heard him. They're not true. How do you know that? You guys talk?
Yeah, I talked to Howard last night. He said it's crap. Oh my gosh. I can't believe it.
Can't believe what? Oh, he's gone. That was his. That was a mentally of his material.
That was down six points. Not too bad. Not too shabby. It's not the end of the world. I go out
and buy a whole bunch of gold if I were you. And then you can sell it to that guy. It does
these funny spots here on TV. The gold guy. Right. How about David Gold? Is he still on the
year somewhere? David Gold. He was the right wing goofball on GBS 100 years ago. What a line up
they had. They had Lee Fowler. David Gold. Alan Burke. And a bunch of other. And the blob
I was on their last. The new GBS. That's way before your time. Oh, yeah. In fact, GBS. I'm trying
to remember how that went down. There were seven, ten. And then they sold it to Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi. No, speaking English. Radio Mambi. Too many of those stations on here. If you ask
me, I could be wrong. And then on the cable like between channel 20 and 26 every station, no
speaking English on a cable. Too much of that crap. Speak English. Okay. You're in the US. Speak
English. Cut the crap already. Okay. Speak English. It says that he's currently doing
afternoons at KSFO AM in San Francisco. David Gold. Yep. Oh boy. I did a TV show with Dwight
Auto. They'll channel 10 a panel show Steve Kane. David Gold. Yours truly. And there was
somebody else on there. And WS News. Luke Cron and John. I have 11 and time don't like us. They
fill the audience with all their people. I'm trying to remember the name of the producer. I think it
was Jerry Healthman. Produced that show. I forget what they used to call it. We taped it.
The talk show host got on here all together. And it was all set up. It was contrived because
the whole WS News audience was and Luke Cron is going, oh 12 plus 12 plus. And all this other crap
like the audience watching on TV knew what 12 plus meant. You know. It was embarrassing.
And I ripped them and asked the channel 10 and deservedly so Dwight Latterdale. He's not on
anymore. They retired his mustache too. Didn't they? Yeah. Boy, he was he was something Dwight Latterdale
and John Broward. And Daffy McCallum. What a silly, silly place.
Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
We salute you. Mr. Pullout in front of me. Then slow down guy. You pulled out of
Chile's parking lot like a padded a hell only to bring traffic to a screeching halt.
Yes, I can read your bumper sticker and I want to strangle your honor students.
Your goal for cutting me off is matched only by the excruciating noise
belching from the exhaust system of your viewing. Not going to pay a lot for that, but for now.
Sure, 25 saves lives. But it's your ass on the line. When the hum be behind you decides it's
go time. So we salute you. Mr. Pullout in front of me and then slow down guy. Your dashboard Jesus.
Your crack final top and your bondo. You are a real American a-hole. WQA Am hello.
Not there on line one. What a bitter disappointment. I thought that one was going to be from
the Pew New York. Never been in the pew. No Buffalo baby. No way. WQA Am hello.
Morning. Yes, sir. How you doing? I don't know who you like.
I'm a rickus so much for that killer. She does it for me. Let me a Ruby shower if you want it.
Who? A Ruby shower if you want it too. Who?
Kill it. Kill it. Kill it. Kill it. She's not out of here.
That guy has no taste. She's not hot at all. He's in your talk. She could give you a Roman
so annoying. Yeah, she is annoying and nasty. Really me. Yes. WQA Am hello.
That's interesting. Line four is on hold. Yes, sir. Your what up? Pine Bush New York, baby.
Where? Pine Bush New York. Where the hell is that? That's up up in the freaking mountains, man.
Oh, listen, me. I was on the CND. I heard George born on sign up with land back. Is that true? Yeah.
I ain't show you serious. Yeah, stormy. Yeah. Come on. Easy. Get out of here. He's in Pine,
a Schmendrick New York. Now they're going to be calling on line one and just making up cities.
You know, I'm in Montpelier, Vermont and meanwhile they're down in the day land somewhere.
Who the hell you kidding, man? There's no no people in whatever that whatever that town was he made up.
There's no people without kind of accent. I don't think.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line. They like the calls being back until
that. Yeah. Right behind they missed George is I love the calls being back. What's your take on a show
400 and some odd vote 458? I missed George 152. I love the calls being back 61. One thing about the
cause man they haven't changed. It's eight months later and it's still the same.
The show is fine 59. It's okay 44. It's week 42. It's great 34. What show 32? It's compelling 19.
It's a disaster 15. It's a disaster. Neal to disaster. I'm going to be on vacation next week and
fleas going to be doing a compelling show with the judge quarters. Yep. They got some very important
guest lineup. Alex Marvez, maybe some other people. Yeah. Exactly. He holds sports writers. Man,
they're doing it for the other shows. Alex Marvez. He has the worst hair every as he has the ultra
mullet going on. Really? Oh, it's terrible. I will win back. Is she going to be on? No. No. Nope.
No Harold sports writers. No. Not at all. Unless Levitard wants to come on.
What about Greg Kotex? Oh, I can't stand that guy. Talk about a guy who he's a real jackball. Yeah,
you talk about people who think that they're funny and they're not. He's top of the list. Yeah. His
Sunday article is I wipe my blood with it. Do you? Yeah. Sometimes. Brack them. WQAM. Hello.
Hi. I call from Beijing. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hey, Dave.
With the phone again. Hi, my friends. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
Lesson, this is the difference between Philly and George. Yeah. Okay. I'm listening.
Philly doesn't consider himself your equal. Okay. That's why I like
Philly. Do you consider yourself me as equal? I don't even know what that means. Yeah,
what is that supposed to mean? My equal and what? We're not talking on a human level because,
of course, you both humans, but as a radio personality. I would say that I have a lot to learn from Neil.
Very good. George, on the other hand, he was a one man circus. He thought he was Neil's equal.
And that's just sort of what I thought I'd thought I'd know. What makes you say that?
Just listening to his shows, Neil, it just kind of it kind of turned my stomach a little bit.
I am really far off the few times. Yeah. So that's just like I thought I'd add my two cents.
You know, I love the whole phone call thing. You're doing a great job. I love the show. I'd never
stop listening. So, good show my friend. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day. I don't know
he's talking about. And why two cents? What is it? Why two cents? What did that come from? Two cents
playing. I don't know. That's another stupid expression. Can I throw in my two cents? How about five
cents? How about a dime? How about 30 cents or 50 cents? Why only two cents? Two cents playing?
That's another idiot. I think two cents playing Celter. Boy, what days those were with the famous
where they used to put the big bottle of Celter on the table? And you'd be grefsened. Even before
you started eating, you'd be grefzing like crazy just from the aroma. Oh, boy, I sure could go for a big
plate of grubbinus right now. I know everybody likes their different. Everybody loves the tag in
and a lot of people like Chinese food, but there's nothing like Jew food. You wouldn't know because
you're not a real Jew, but having lived in Tampa all those years. Not too many places you can get
good Jew food in Tampa. No, not really. I told you that guy tried the deli thing there,
lasted about five minutes and he was out of business. When Lassiter and I were on SUN there,
he was a sponsor, brought in a whole bunch of food. Boy, all you people that brought in food for
Lassiter at SUN and FLA, you killed him. He now he's dead. You killed him. That's probably something
keeps me alive. Seven and a half years I've been doing most of the shows from here. Nobody brings
in food. Thank God. I don't even have any weenies to cook in there to nuke during the show today.
Oh, no. But I could take a few minutes, put on my shoes and pantaloonies and go to the store and get
some. Oh my God, he's trying to get out of there on the last day before baking. Why don't you forego
your vacation, Tony? I'll forego to summer schedule and give up all your vacation dates if you
cared about the show you would do these things. If you cared about us, the now is up seven cent.
Let's hear it. Oh, who the hell needs gold when the now is up seven cent? Oh, 1.43, 1.36.
They're pushing gold. That means they think that the market's going to crash.
Well, who cares what they think? Right. These are the survivalist, right wing lunatics. Very much
like the white supremacist, like the guy that shot the abortion doctor. Yeah, they went nuts at
the Holocaust Memorial. Yeah, the leftist. Yeah, the leftist, right? Corrine to rush. What an idiot.
Mary says there's something very wrong with your show. It's the audience. You haven't changed.
They have. I started listening on Zeta. Used to have living breathing people with at least a
little bit of brains in a sense of humor. I can remember when colors actually had compelling material.
At least could give you something to work with. I guess now they're all married with kids in
a real job so they don't listen anymore. I'm the only one left under employed Baron Spinster.
About the bad signal I was listening Monday driving on a Palmetto and it was fine,
but the minute I exited West it, Oh, could show me the wave started. Well, we got that all
soft thanks to fix it, Mary. Nice going, fix it. I live off Hollywood, full of our just West of
I-95. I can only give QAM to come in if I plug my radio into one of two outlets in my condo.
Anything else in the places is if it's not even on the dial. Missing Georgia lot, hoping
flea gets with it soon. Mary and Hollywood get with it soon. Will you please? I'm working on it.
God, Mary's about ready to throw in the towel on your ass.
So that is completely solved now, right? The signal thing, the ocean, the waves, the ocean is gone.
So we had we had two transmitters cranking at the same time. Exactly.
Now that's got to be a first. I can't imagine, you know, in radio history, of course it's the
change over to the new building, you know, you do understand. I'm going to let you in on a little
health secret. Okay. One of the reasons that this show is aside from management restraints on it.
I'm talking about on my end since I'm supposed to take responsibility and that is diabetes.
After I had my first mini-stroke, my first TIA, I was at IOD and I came back on the year and I
could barely speak, you know, and Disney would go, Oh, gee, how come he's going to take another
week off? I just had a stroke and he's wondering why I'm taking time off. And they're all the same.
Slacker. Yeah. And anyway, I could barely speak. I had no strength, no energy. I mean, not that I
sound like that now, but I still, and when I can hear it, I don't hear it now. I hear, I sound like
me, you know, but like that spot that I cut yesterday for you. And then I hear you play it and it
sounds like I'm stroked out, you know, it's like a slow, like that. So I need to get my blood sugar
down, which I'm going to have to work on during this vacation. I know that sounds silly, but you don't
have the energy and you don't sound like yourself when you have high blood sugar all the time.
I've had it for like two years. Wow. Bad. It's a miracle I'm still alive. And that's all that
crack, all that candy, all that ice cream, all those Hershey bars with almonds and toffee that I
keep raving about. Got to stop when a doubt cut it out. Note you hear, like, it sounds like I'm,
just had a stroke recently. No, I'm not getting that, but you would know better than me.
I know. There's a good book I have that was called The Kitchen Shrink, and it talks about how your
blood sugar level affects a lot of things with your, in your body, including moods and stuff like
that, like you said, energy. Really? Yeah. Oh, yeah, you have no energy when your blood sugar is
real high. No energy. You're always tired. You always feel like, oh, geez, like you barely want to
get out of bed. Right. Like that. And then there are a lot of people who are not diabetic and they
also don't want to get out of bed. But that's another story. 475 votes on the pool. It's compelling.
It's got 20. Thanks, Bob, for reminding us to put that on there. Origin of my two cents.
Somebody sends me that. You ask and we receive after the break. Oh, Neil, you're listening to Neil
Rogers. Well, here we go again. I'm so sorry to talk to you later. 560 Q a. This is the Neil Rogers show.
The rock solid. This is your brain. You said you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
Any questions? Turns about.
And that house's doubt. Listen.
Hello, what is warm? I'll say you come here often.
Pardon me? Have you been here before? No. First time. What's your name?
Three way. Three way. That's nice. I'm Stigget. Please. To meet you. Stigget.
Lane here. You were here to get. Clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor.
Yeah, yeah, I know. What's the top? You probably need to rely on. Oh, I'll say, but you know, with everything it's in
the house. And you can start relaxing right now, freeway. I brought something.
Oh, she. And freeway. Not just any she either. Look. Wow. Gold. La Nave. Pretty kitty condom.
But here's the most important part, freeway and the pro tech label. Pro tech, huh? Aren't those indoors?
By the city council of San Francisco? Absolutely. You know the pro tech slogan, too. I sure do.
Certified. Say. By the city. By the bay. Well, what do you say?
John, look at that. I trust the soap again. I'll get it. You bet your life he will.
And with confidence. Because freeway and spick it have condoms. Don't let worry.
Spoil those chance meetings in public showers. Always carry pro tech.
PR OCEC. Keep my mind free. S and B. PR OCEC.
Been down with no.
A quality.
Don't doubt know what it's all about. The pro tech chief. So they won't send you a
pro tech condoms. A division of black, black,
black, health and darkened personal division. Keeping situation safe since 1887.
I'm dying on the air.
11 0 2 at 5 60 WQM. We got the big ol' at 2 mad dog 4 to 7. It's the usual of pristine schedule.
We got no ball games, no stuff. Yeah, the only change though is that big O and
Jeman it will be out at Dolphin camp today.
Dolphin's mini camp mini camp. Yeah, mini. Yeah, get it right. Yeah, it's mini.
Mini camp. Old tidy camp.
Mini camp today. Wow. Holy moly. That's almost as compelling as the NFL draft but not quite.
Anyway, then Dolphin the night 7 to 8, which is not the least bit compelling and then the D.A.
show where it's from 8 to 11 tonight and then Greg Likens at 11 to 1.
I still don't understand what that on Friday nights, the only night of the week we have a
live show at 11. Is there a reason for that? If there is, I don't know the reason.
Is that to build up the weekend wall of football or some like even though there's no football being
played yet but nevertheless. Yeah, maybe you want to check into that someday. It just seems
strange. Agree. Not that I begrudge Greg his two hours of fame in the limelight with that
dynamite nighttime signal. 10 year old Kennedy Corpus has a rock solid excuse. Rock solid.
Promising last day of school with a personal load to her teacher from President Obama.
This is in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Her father John Corpus of Green Bay stood to ask Obama
about health care during the president's town hall style meeting at Southwest High School yesterday.
He told Obama his daughter was missing school to attend the event and he hoped she didn't get in
trouble. You need me to write a note Obama asked the crowd laughed but the president was serious.
On a piece of paper he wrote, to Kennedy's teacher, please excuse Kennedy's abs and sees
with me Barack Obama. He stepped off the stage to hand over the note to Kennedy's surprise.
That's awesome. You didn't see that? They showed it about 800 times on CNN. Yeah, I thought.
I thought he was joking till he started walking down Kennedy said after the event,
showing off the note in front of a bank of TV cameras. It was like the best thing ever.
Yeah, just excuse her abs and sees with me. El Presidente. The student at Alpo Leopold Elementary
School in Green Bay already knew she was going to do with a note, frame it along with her ticket
to the event. She said she'd make a copy for her teacher. Kennedy said she had never seen Obama
before. He's really nice. She said I agree. He's really nice but I don't know. I don't know yet.
You know what I mean? I like him a lot personally. I keep saying this but I don't know.
The verdict is still out. Yeah.
Nick says whoever's picking the QM QD of the day is doing a great job. Other months
had so-so looking girls this month. They're all great. Check it out. Says Nick. That's on the
www.com. I'm assuming. Yeah, that'd be Josh Cortes. Josh Cortes is picking out the QDs. How's
his Russian girlfriend doing? Where's George, by the way? I thought he was coming in 11 o'clock.
He said he's going to try to get here around 11. You don't think he's going to shine us to you?
It's- Now if you don't come in there, how are you going to put him on here? You don't have a
guest mic. Well, he can use my mic. I'll step down for a few minutes. You'll step down? Yeah.
I guess I'm sitting so I'll just move over. He can sit in your lap. He's small enough. I'll pass.
When you said that Cortes was going to be sitting in your lap starting next week when you're
filling in because there's no guest mic. Yeah, we might have to do this show up in the other studio.
Oh, don't say that. No, they should put a mic in here over the weekend. Don't say that.
No, see, you're giving them an out already. You're in a position of authority there. You're a big shot.
Not the eye. You've got some clout. When in doubt, use your clout, man. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hola.
We're in the property. We have to have to leave. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Yeah, if I'd like to rob a couple. Oh, God. Not him again.
Oh, I get choked up with the Reverend. Reverend Puts.
Mike says there's some speculation as to your origin of the idiom, my two cents.
Some believe that the phrase originates in betting card games such as poker. In these games,
one must make a small ante before beginning play. Thus the phrase makes an analogy between
entering the game and entering a conversation. However, there's no documentary evidence of this
being the origin of the idiom and as such is merely speculation. Other likely origins are that
my two pennies worth is derived from the much older 16th century British expression of
penny for your thoughts. Oh, see, I got it. It was came from my two pants worth.
Well, can I finish this please? Oh, sorry. I thought you were. There's all, well, I'm not done yet.
There's also some belief that the idea may have its origins in the early cost of postage in
Britain, the two penny post, where two pennies was the normal charge sending a letter containing
one's words and thoughts or feelings to someone. Two penny post. How British, you know.
Oh, look at that. The Christian Aman Poo were the schmata on her head.
And everybody is telling us she's in Iran. Were they having the big election today?
And there's Christian Aman Poo were that the schmata on. Oh, she's so phony baloney that bitch.
Really? My two penny post. Now, what were you going to say? Two pens? Yeah, my two pens.
The British term. How about my three sons? I still love that show. Did you really? Yeah,
you still watch the rewrite. I loved it because Don Grady was on it. Oh, brother is on
Nick at night. He was doing fair or faucet, by the way. She isn't that really. She. No, I don't think so.
She's on right on the verge right on the edge. Yeah, he was banging her not too bad.
For her, yeah, back in the day. I mean, she was attractive, but boy, he was just Don Grady.
What was his name on the show? Rob. I think so. I don't know. Not that it makes any difference.
It was Ernie the goofy kid with the glasses. And who is the other one? Chip? Oh, yeah, chip off
the old block. Chip carry. And then there was a rob. Wow. Don Grady. I bet she's old and ugly now.
And that goes to show you. Are you good looking young people? Some day you'll be old and ugly. Oh,
boy. And then you look in the mirror and the more so how do I get like this? Have you ever
looked at people and wondered, you know, older people like, you know, 160, 70, like me old and
wondered what they looked like when they were younger? Oh, yeah, just what they looked like, but what
they acted like, you know, you look at some of these old fararts who like, you know,
the ones I'm talking about, the old Yantos. Yeah. It was just as birthday of their day, Don
Grady. June 8th, 1944. So that makes them what, 65 years old. Oh, can you imagine? Don Grady is 65
years old? Yep. How sad. W-Q-A-M, hello. Q-A-M, hello. I am John from God's Look, I
don't want that. All right. Put a pin in that one. Yeah, I think I've been there. Now, but you have
one of those towns you'd drive through real fast, like two egg. Have you ever been in two egg
Florida? No. You haven't? No. It's like a stoplight. It's over by I think by Panama City and that
part of the red neck, right? The air woods. In that neck of the woods. There's a stoplight and I don't
even know if there's like a, um, Denys or something there. Oh, I do love Denys though. I'm going to
get me that bacon cheeseburger next time I'm at Denys. Okay, laugh. See your laughing at me.
I have no problem with Denys. Really? I don't. I think it's okay. Yeah. Have the ones the last time
you were in there? Denys? Not too long ago. Really? Yeah. I do breakfast a lot. Do you get that grand slam?
I get the, uh, the moon over my hammy without the hair. Oh, no, I just, I usually just get eggs and
hash brown and stuff. I was thinking about, I was thinking about being a copycat and trying the
vegetarian thing and see how long I could do it. It's not for everyone. It would be good for my, uh,
health though. I'm here and wait. Yeah. The only problem is it's all carbs. It's, you know, not
refined carbs, but it's all carbs. Yeah, a lot of it. Yeah, there's very little protein and a lot
of carbohydrates. The last thing I need is more carbs. Killer carbs, baby. They will kill you. They
will kill you. Well, I'm still here. That's amazing part of it. Still alive.
508 votes on the pool. 26 say compelling and only 16 disaster. So George maybe not
having time to come in today. Maybe not. Or maybe he will. Maybe he'll pop in around noon.
Wow. My three sons was on for 12 seasons. Yeah. Three hundred and frolly and William Demarist.
They were the two grandpas, right? Yep. Fred McMurray. Yeah. Fred McMurray. Well, he was,
now you talk about a guy who was boring. He had boring stamped on his forehead. Fred McMurray.
Every role that he ever played, I mean, that was just him. In fact, he was in a great movie,
The Kane Mutiny. And, you know, everybody else in the movie was like, simply, you know, Van Johnson
was even good in that movie. And, uh, the real good looking kid. What that was his name? I don't
remember his name. Robert Francis. And of course, Humphrey Bogart was great in that movie.
And Jose Ferrer was great in that movie. But Fred McMurray was, you know, he was just the same.
He just never, never changed. He was as bland as tapioca pudding. You agree? Yes, I do.
Very boring guy. Now, you talk about a guy that went a long way with very little talent.
Because when you're an actor actress, you've got to have like some oomph, some pizzazz, some, you know,
some something, something. And all he had was bland. He was not very compelling.
Well, here we go again.
I'm some sort of, four years later, five sixty Q a and five.
The you best. Hey, basketball fans. What could be better than watching your favorite players slam
on? How about watching them get dunked in the slammer? You can with a all new NBA criminal league.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court. There's Kobe Bryant,
Tera Live Strong, Damon Stautamire, Glenn Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stackhouse,
and of course, Alan Iverson.
Iverson, you.
Eddie Skour, go, bass you.
When all the NBA superstars are in lockdown, the action is locked up to the NBA criminal league.
I tell you what it's much talent. It's going to be up until the big day.
And the thing is almost violent prisoners. Oh,
they've gone from committee files to committee felonies.
And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league.
See that man? That's it. That's what I call a dead ball.
The NBA criminal is one of these gangsters.
Oh, speaking of that former NBA referee Tim Donahy was attacked in prison by a fellow inmate.
Uh-oh.
Who claimed he had ties to the New York mob.
The attacker hit Donahy in the right knee with a stick or club in November at a minimum security
federal prison camp in Pensacola said pads erratic of executive prison consultants.
Donahy who pleaded guilty in New York to conspiracy to engage in wire fraud and transmitting
betting information to interstate commerce is serving a 15-month sentence.
Speaking of consultants, by the way, you'll never guess who I have another email from.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Walter.
Walter.
Uh-huh.
Sabo.
Okay.
Oh, you don't want to hazard a guess?
Yeah.
No.
Anyway, subject accuracy of arbitrage.
Hi, Neil. I'm happy you value my services and will continue to serve you.
I'll probably be getting the bill in the mail.
As you know, I work hard to provide my clients the material they need to perform their jobs
effortlessly. I'm not your client, Walter.
Here's what I've done for the industry.
I've had discussions with arbitrage.
Ron as a result, there's no disclaimer that's on their websites.
And that the first word we can't say it.
I don't know why ratings are based on audience estimates and are the opinion of arbitrage.
Should not be relied on for precise accuracy or precise
representatives of an demographic or a radio market.
I hope you have a great vacation.
Rest assured, your friendly neighborhood consultant will always be there for you.
Walter.
Kind of scary, isn't it?
Yeah, a little bit.
First of all, was that John Watt's name?
Wattell's his name?
I forget.
The uh, uh,
stern antagonist from New York from the formerly New York post
foisted himself upon me and then uh, got rid of him.
And now Walter Sabo is injected.
Of course, he's good buddies with your pal Joe's, so.
That's what I hear.
Do you really?
Birds of a feather.
Screw it up together.
All they do.
WQA and hello.
Now look at that line five is ringing QA and hello.
No, yes sir.
You call this number?
Uh, I get to say it's real.
What?
What?
You call this number?
Yeah.
All right, you have static?
Catholic?
Yeah.
Are you Catholic?
You call it the carousel Coro Nugo that you were?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was great.
That was on line five.
Yeah, he thought we called him.
No, he didn't.
That was that guy in the back.
He calls all the time.
Oh.
No, I played FMC DCS.
Oh,
Oh, I thought that was another guy in the back.
I thought it was like a tag team act.
No.
Oh, Christ.
Well, that's disappointing.
I thought we had like a real call on line five.
The lines, the phones are still all screwed up, by the way.
Yeah.
In case anybody out there is wondering taking notes
on the progress we're making or lack thereof.
We are a lack thereof.
But maybe actually by Monday, maybe something is going to be working.
So I guess maybe George is shining us and is not going to come in and
participate in the show today.
That's depressing.
He'll probably come in with you though next week.
I hope so.
That would be nice.
Yeah.
He's certainly welcome anytime he wants.
Absolutely.
Joyce Kaufman on the other hand is not.
Sorry.
No, sorry, Joyce.
Well, she's got her own thing there.
She's probably got a better signal than we got.
Yes, he does.
They got a pretty good similar 850.
They don't have any audience, but they got to
and the audience that they do have, man, they're obsessed with her.
Oh, yeah.
And good news, the new T-bag t-shirts are available on her website.
Guess you want one.
On whose website?
Kaufman's.
On Joyce Kaufman's website?
Yeah, they're pedaling T-bag t-shirts.
Oh, how sad.
How very sad.
Are they doing the Herbert Hoover t-shirts too?
You know, a chicken in every pot and two cars in every garage?
No, I didn't see that one.
Oh, that's coming next.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, I was going to tell you basically here's what it comes down to.
I feel on radio.
You've had a tremendous run.
You're still fantastic.
The industry is completely shot.
I mean, but like most corporate things, Neil,
it's been watered now.
It's been played out.
And the true talent, the people who are the innovators,
the people who are shaping up and making things move.
I don't want it anymore.
They want cookie-cutter things that they can control.
And that's basically the way the industry is now.
They want cheap.
That's the one thing they want is cheap.
That's all they care about cheap.
Neil, listen, if they can get the job done by four people for the price of one,
they're taking it.
Have a good one, brother.
Okay, thanks.
Kevin says you still are to man.
Do not listen to the haters.
Have a great vacation next week.
Enjoy.
Sorry to be sure to have to get out to Dolphin Camp.
And then he's got...
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
Mini-cam.
Mini-cam.
Get it right, Kevin.
Get out to Dolphin Mini-cam.
Ricky says all you need to know about Tampa is that
a bunch of backwards red necks on the West Coast.
No kidding, Ricky.
Ricky loves the show, by the way, he says.
Oh, good.
He's the one.
Hey, listen, we still got a couple people out there.
Now, how are we doing with those online listeners?
I will log on to that right now.
Right now, let's make that a regular part of the show now.
Okay.
Since Walter Sabot told ArborTran that their system blows.
At a boy, Walt.
Man, my computer's moving really slow.
Here we go.
It's going slow.
Very.
Now, what computer have you got?
Are you working with?
We're not the one that I bought.
No, I have a Fat Chris' old computer.
Oh, boy.
Fat Chris' old computer.
Did he pee on it for you?
I hope not.
Right now, it's the 392 people online.
Yeah, listening on the...
Well, Friday is always down a little bit.
I don't know why.
Right.
Well, at 8 a.m., we had 120.
8 a.m., we had 120, and now we got 392,
and we always go up at noon.
Be sure to remind me in the noon.
We'll check it again.
Okay.
It says, Fred McMurray was the pyrecoma of actors.
Well, very well, for petrival coma.
Chip was Don Grady's brother.
If he goes to Don's homepage, he has undated picks.
Undated pecs.
Oh, boy.
As a young man, well, what years was that,
Chihuahua?
I hate to make you go back to that again, my three sons.
It started in 1960 and ran for 12 years.
So in 1960, I would have been 18.
Yeah, I would have been...
Oh, wait, not born.
You would have been what?
Not born yet.
Not born in 1960.
That's only 49 years ago.
Cold, are you?
41.
41?
Yeah.
Well, you're getting pretty old.
I know.
Yes, me.
Yeah.
Don Grady picks.
Where's the Don Grady-Naked Pictures from 1962?
I want to see those.
C.T. says just read an article about
the City of Florida's Operation Eagle Claw,
which sought to raid marijuana grow houses over the past couple of days.
This just infuriates me.
It's such a joke that in this day and age with the economy being what it is,
that we haven't done away with the archaic enforcement of such a ridiculous law.
In my opinion, the laws against marijuana are worse than the prohibition against alcohol.
To this day, no one is ever overdosed on pot.
Nor do you ever hear about someone smoking a joint,
jumping into a car and killing a family.
Why can't we legalize and tax the damn plant already?
Yeah.
It's the most typical repressive law we have in this country,
considering nearly half the population smokes,
including many of the police,
lawyers, judges, correction officers,
that must then interact with the offenders.
Don't mean to vent so much,
but damn it, that frauds my ass, C.T.
Anyway, have a great weekend and enjoy the break.
Okay, I will.
I'm with them.
Well, who the hell isn't?
Except a bunch of retarded right wing...
And, you know, the interesting part of it is that the Republicans who are in a small government,
they should be all four legalizing or least decriminalizing pot.
Billions and billions and billions of lost revenue,
by not taxing it.
And, of course, it's a cottage industry,
you do understand that.
The reason the DEA is still in existence is because it's a self-propeptuating piece of crap.
If they decriminalize all of these things,
then there's no need for the DEA
and all these people are going to be out on their ass.
Huh?
Yeah, out of work.
S-O-L, on the beach.
That was down 12 and a half points.
Nothing to get psychotic about.
Yeah.
You're looking at the Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm so sorry to spoil you.
Four-thleater.
560 Q-A.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Okay, all right, everybody.
Welcome back to TeoXD and O-Fruz Chicken,
WALOX!
And you're not getting any sweet chickens
and you're not getting any sweet chickens.
You need all you?
Nope.
You're not getting any either.
And you're not getting any sweet chickens.
No way.
Don't even try it.
Nobody's getting any sweet chickens.
I'll be damned.
That Oprah, what a bitch, huh?
1130 at 560 WQM.
Happy Friday to you.
Dolphin Mini-Camp today, man.
We got the big O and Mad Dog from Mini-Camp this afternoon.
Are you whipped up about that?
You guys starting to smell it?
Get the fever?
Oh, yeah.
Michael says the guy that said
Poyotropical failed and got renamed in Tampa
is absolutely incorrect.
There are two currently two Poyotropicals in Tampa,
one in St. Pete.
They are both named Poyotropical
and they've got a bunch of rude Cubans
working there just like in Miami.
Tampa has a red-nucky reputation
but at least people speak English
here and are nice to each other.
Says Michael.
Oh, he's in Tampa.
Poor baby.
Well, you like it there.
I still don't give that.
I do.
Maybe they could build you a studio in Tampa.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
Toronto to Tampa to Miami.
That'd be awesome.
Take your ass to whoever's to chance.
How's Bobby Shancin doing?
He's still alive?
Before your time, Bobby Shancin.
Picture.
Yankees.
Okay.
How about that game seven tonight?
Baby Red Ways and Penguins.
Everybody's all whipped up about that.
Had one call about that.
What's your take?
What do you think?
I don't know.
And I don't really care.
Just get it over with already.
What time the Leafs plan?
Oh, and guess who's playing here tonight?
Who?
The Marlins.
Oh, that's right.
Am I right?
This weekend, the Marlins are in Toronto to play the Blue Jays?
That is correct.
Boy, that could be ugly for the Marlins.
Blue Jays are playing pretty good.
And his doc holiday pitch in tonight and my corrector,
am I, did I dream that?
Hmm, good question.
I can check.
Oh, there is NHL on the fly with a Tim Horton spot.
Who'd that look bad?
I know.
Some things are just meant to be together.
Tim Horton's hot breakfast sandwich.
Oh, that looks nasty.
I'll tell you, food looks bad on TV.
You don't eat it in real life.
That is true.
No, seriously, if they can't even make it look good,
if they can't airbrush it and make it look good on TV,
then forget about it.
Oh, George is calling me.
George is calling me.
George is calling me.
Hang on, maybe George is coming in.
Or maybe George is giving you some layman's excuse
about, oh, geez, I got an appointment for him.
I got a meeting.
Yeah.
Maybe he's got a job interview.
We sure don't want to interrupt that.
I agree with you about religion.
Even though it's expression, thank God is a ridiculous expression.
I always say thank goodness.
What happens as a make, Barry?
Now you're nitpicking, man.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Who cares?
I've said that on the urine.
People will call and say, oh, gee, we're just
supposed to be an atheist, but we heard you do this.
You said slipped out.
Yeah, it slipped out.
George will be here in a minute.
Really?
All right.
All right.
Here you go, boys and girls.
Now does he know he's leading the poll?
I'll wait for him to come in.
And he'll make him feel good.
Yeah.
That will make him feel bad, I guess.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Scott and Pinellas Park says, KSFO fired Michael Savage.
He makes David Gold seem liberal.
Mike Thompson would feel at home at that station.
That station is infamous for being the home of right wing
knuck balls.
KSFO and San Francisco.
I just don't get it.
Tonight it's Ricky Nalasco versus Haliday.
Oh, my God.
The doc.
Yeah, 10 and one.
He is going to shut down some Marlon ass tonight.
I think, but we'll see who cares.
Do I really care?
No.
Am I going to go and see all the how many Marlon fans
you think will be there tonight in Toronto at the Roger Center?
So George is going to be in there in a minute.
He's parking right now.
All right.
Has he got his own parking space out there?
Yeah, it's called visitor.
Here's one that says, what's the name of the Brazilian
steakhouse that was part of Niels' veels and where is their location
in West Sunrise?
The Brazilian steakhouse.
Well, George will know when he comes in.
Right?
Absolutely.
I mean.
Absolutely.
Scott says, I literally live across the street from the Poyotropa
Kellin Pinellas Park just like being back in South Florida.
Why can't I eat there at least twice a week?
Yeah, I like Poyotropa Kell just fine.
It leaves to be one of our fine sponsors once upon a time
and you should bring us food back in the day.
Back in those days when we could get food brought in and eat on the air
and get what's his name?
I'll bet out of shape.
What's your guy's name?
I forget his name.
Yeah, that guy.
That guy who gets all his emails are about eating on the...
Oh, it's disgusting.
Yeah, this isn't that neither.
T-T-O-T.
This isn't the other thing.
In Shelby, Montana.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Ask George how to city bus ride.
Go away.
Go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
5-6-7-0-5-60 and pound 5-60 on a Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
I don't know what the deal is there with lines 8, 9, 10 and 11.
What... how that is working?
I don't know.
And I do know the deal with lines 1 through 7 is that one is the only one that rings.
That's that toll free number for the whole USA.
1-8-7-7-7-8-5-6345.
We had a call yesterday, one from Connecticut that we didn't want.
And then what else did we get?
Tennessee.
No one from Tennessee, allegedly.
No one from Jacksonville.
I wonder if it works in Tampa.
If it works in Tennessee, it must work in Tampa, wouldn't you think?
I would think so.
Maybe Scott will call us from Pinellas Park,
one of our other three or four Tampa listeners.
We got a few people over there.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Angle me up?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I decide to have a poach up the car because then you have them right now.
Thank you, sir.
What do you say?
He said thanks for the suggestion for Poio Chopper Cowley's having lunch right now.
Oh, okay.
No extra charge, sir.
No charge.
Look who it is.
George is in there.
Oh, I can tell.
I've got to give him headphones though because of this system.
You've got to give him one?
I'm going to have to give him my headphones.
I'm going to move aside.
I hear last part of that.
George.
Yeah, move aside.
Let me have the seat.
Yeah, shove his ass out of the seat.
I did.
I'm going to take a water now.
All right, I'm taking over.
Wow, it's colorful in here.
Look at all the colors.
How do you like the new studio?
Too bad nothing works.
But it looks pretty good.
It's very nice.
You've got two TVs, two TVs, so you can have four.
Yeah, you always have any TVs.
They just put that in because they knew you were showing up today.
It was very handy.
So how are you doing, George?
I'm doing all right.
So far, I mean, I don't have-
We've been staring on 850.
I don't have a job yet.
As soon as they can convince corporate that I'm money,
because that's all everybody says that they-
Money?
That I can make money for them.
Or you want money?
I've got a great pitch, but it's just a very scary pitch.
I think I'm going about it the wrong way.
I think that if I go into these radio stations and say,
I'll cost you a lot of money.
And you'll get very low ratings and revenue.
Then I'll get hired right away just like that.
Yeah, that's right.
But I'm going about it the wrong way,
because I say, hey, look, I'm a bargain.
I've got all these clients with me.
I'm only going to ask for this much.
And-or will work something out.
You know, like I'll work for food or something.
And I have all these clients with me.
And they're like, I don't know.
I don't know.
So I'm talking to those people.
And I'm talking to the James Crystal people at the same time.
And you know, there's-
There's actually-
I get the same time.
I thought those are the James Crystal people.
They're 50.
Oh, yeah, no, I'm sorry.
I'm talking to the other people too.
At the take-
Across the street, you mean?
Yeah.
Oh, those people.
Those people.
Oh, God.
All the people inside the building want me to go to work there.
But they have corporate people also.
That have that.
And I don't know.
Money, I don't know.
We'd rather spend a lot and make a little.
You mean like Howard Davis?
Yeah.
Well, no, he's all for it.
He's all for it.
They have their own corporate people.
He's not corporate.
I see.
He's the general manager.
Everybody is a column.
Everybody's a column.
He's got his finger in it.
I don't know who that is.
Is he the-
He's from like a financial.
Okay, well, that's-
That's the guy.
He's the guy that seems to be afraid of money and a property.
Oh, my God.
Dennis Collins, he was the one that was standing on front of the building
when we did the snooze cruise on IOD.
Remember that?
No.
You don't?
I mean, I remember the snooze cruise,
but I don't remember him being the guy saying-
Standing out in front when we put the tombstone on front of the building.
Well, don't say anything bad about him.
I want all these people to like me.
Everybody's right.
Dennis Collins, he's one of the brilliant radio minds of all time.
I would say-
I'm not going to say a bad thing about-
About anybody.
I do want to say this though.
I had some things like from day one,
from starting the day after that I was overhearing
when I would pop the show on.
Remember how we used to think that some of the fake
e-mailers were inside a radio station?
Yes.
Or knew someone inside a radio station?
Where's the-
Where's the thing over here?
Yeah.
No.
No.
No.
Not even close.
The things that I heard from the fake e-mailers were like-
Like we're so ridiculous.
Beyond description.
And just wrong.
Just plain out wrong.
What would he mean by that?
Everything.
Every time that you read an e-mail saying,
I heard that George was talking-
Or this one, a George was in-
Anything that you read from someone that heard something about me
and who I was talking to was-
Was-
Complete BS.
Could not be more wrong.
But you'll be thrilled to know that I'm getting real emails
from the real Walter Sabre everyday.
Woo!
Well, I might have to call him.
So be nice to him too.
Oh, I'm being nice because he's the one that's
telling Arbitron that their numbers are full of crap.
Are you following this new thing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever.
It's like, you know, I don't buy it.
But then, you know, what are you going to do?
This is-
This is what you're saddled with.
Well, your buddy Joe is buying it, baby.
Oh, your number 24 in your demo.
If I was you, if you came up with-
Hey, Joe, you're-
Great up your summer vacation.
You give up your-
Oh, yeah.
Joe's great.
I'm not saying bad enough.
Anything bad about anybody until I get my servants checked.
That's not true.
After the break, you will.
After the break, you're going to let it all lose.
Well, you got nothing to lose.
You're not coming back to this place.
No, until I get my servants.
Consider yourself very lucky on that.
Until I get my servants checked.
Oh, you don't have your servants checked yet?
No, there were no where there was some tweaking.
But I think we're all done tweaking.
I'm going to have-
There's a waiting period.
I have to wait and tweak.
And now I think we're all done waiting and tweaking.
Okay, let's do the break.
Gorgeous with this and it's going to stick around all the way
to the four or five o'clock.
Where did you find this right?
Where did you go?
What?
Where did you-
Where did you go with the mouse?
I got to do it with the mouse.
You had to do what with the mouse?
By the way, our phones don't work.
I mean, you know, sporadically, like you'll see one,
they're just all screwed up.
Flea will explain it to you.
Okay.
And my dump-up doesn't- doesn't work either.
But other than that, everything is great.
And we finally fix it.
Got rid of that-
Shh, shh, shh, that horrible noise on the station in Dave County.
I heard that.
That was good.
By the way,
1441 and 560 WQA.
I'm the most comfortable-
What?
Nothing, go ahead.
Are you stepping on my spot?
Go ahead.
Why the-
You're best, dude.
I watch the tape, and it's blue talk all the time.
For stupid rumors, you can go online.
Just wash your hands, or you'll actually be fine.
Don't want to wind, but I'm sick of swine.
Oh, this is just what the cable net works do.
Try throwing the pandemic pan into you.
But after all, we're only talking about the flu.
They fill their time.
I'm sick of swine.
We just went through this with the bird flu.
I thought that was a good idea.
But we don't be getting mad cow too.
What's the next crisis?
They'll subject us to.
Just give them time.
I'm sick of swine.
Just give them time.
I'm sick of swine.
13-go-loon at 560 WQA.
George is with us.
Making a guest appearance.
Yeah.
I just took over the-
I mean, there's no world for anybody to sit.
Really, there's no other microphone.
No, it's a-
It had fun, so-
We can take a break.
We hear how the call sound here.
Where's the telephone though?
Right there.
Hello.
Yes.
All right.
Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I'd like to take a speaker.
Could you hold on and say, oh, sorry.
Oh, no, no.
Hey, I just left Harry Callis's grave until it helped you.
And?
And I don't know.
I missed you guys.
And I moved up here from Austin, Miami just in August.
And I-
I checked your website sometimes.
But I thought you'd be interested.
I took some pictures.
People leave their little homages over there.
I'd be interested in what?
Harry Callis's grave?
I don't know.
Everybody's like, you know-
Oh, my God.
Our guarantee is not any more boring now in death than he was in life.
Harry Callis.
See, we get George on here right away.
They're calling it about Kakarai.
You'll be pleased to know though.
They miss you badly.
573 votes on the pool.
What's your take on the show?
I missed George 193.
Good.
Far and away.
Far and away to leading category on the pool.
They miss you badly.
I miss me too.
I love the calls being back.
73.
Yeah, Monday I brought the calls back.
Oh, and the phones don't work.
And it's a mess.
Yeah, it's the show is fine.
67.
It's okay.
57.
It's week 46.
What show 43?
It's great 42.
It's compelling 33.
And it's a disaster 19.
So you got 193 votes.
You got all three of the votes.
I think this microphone is new.
It's very crunchy.
Either that or it's the headphones.
Do you sound fine to me?
It's very sound just like you.
It's a pretty studio.
Is it?
Yeah, they do.
And it doesn't work.
They said it never exactly the way I wanted them to.
Nevertheless,
Mike says this is the most energetic I've heard George in months.
Love hearing his voice again on the air and full of life.
George Oliver's in good luck.
Screw all the basher's as Mike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You sound energetic.
Yeah, well, I've been I've been rested.
Although I've been I've been busy.
I want to hear other things that I want to say.
Thank you.
All the people writing a lot of really nice emails.
That's all great.
And I get to them when I can in the evening and things like that.
But there are obviously a lot of people come to find out.
You know, you find out things in life.
A lot of people I probably shouldn't have given my cell phone number to.
Yes.
Who mean really well.
We're waking me up like really early in the morning to see how I'm doing.
And these aren't people that own or manage a radio station.
These aren't people that are.
Those bad guys are going to bring me a bag of money.
These aren't people that have a vagina.
They're that want to do anything to you know,
these are just like ugly men.
How do you know they don't have a vagina?
Because they're ugly men.
Oh, and they might.
And they're calling to see how I'm doing.
To check up on me to see how I'm doing.
So call me on my cell phone to see how I'm doing.
The answer to the adjocts for you know,
here's the official answer that I shouldn't have to repeat.
How I'm doing is I'm unemployed and I'm looking for a job.
And I'm looking for sponsors to help me get a job.
And in between I'm looking for a good time.
So if you're not doing a lot better before the phone rang.
So if you're not coming at me with one of those things,
go leave me alone.
Don't wake me up because that's one of the benefits of being unemployed
is you get to sleep in at least I thought.
Yeah, I thought I was going to be able to hear about you.
Oh yeah, they really care like, hey, I'm unemployed.
That's all I'm doing.
That's how I'm doing.
Anyway, the Brazilian place that the other email
was asking about was Texas,
Dave, Brazil.
Thanks Laura.
It's excellent.
Did we have that on the Neil Deal, Texas,
Dave, Brazil?
No.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
We had foigo vivo, which was great.
Well, somebody asked about this and Laura said
it's Texas, Dave, Brazil, it's excellent.
It's a chain.
Brazilian place.
Brazilian steakhouse.
I don't know where there is one,
but I'm sure somebody will either call in or fax in
or email in or something.
Here's one from some goofball in Boca with a phone number
and no name.
Neil, the George Do The Appearance
with La Bastard at the Cleveland Error.
Can you tell us inquiring minds want to know how to do it?
No, I didn't.
And I heard all these rumors.
Here's the other thing.
Everything that you hear from anyone is wrong.
There's a nice little rule.
You can write that on your wrist or something.
If you hear it from a caller or an emailer, it's wrong.
I heard that too.
Are you going to be at the Cleveland Error?
Says who?
When?
Since when?
Nobody told me that.
They haven't hired me.
That was circulated by the fake Barry Jackass.
Right.
They haven't hired me over there.
The people inside the building would very much like me
to go to work there.
They just have to convince their bosses
that it's a good idea.
My own thing.
Might take forever.
Might not happen.
You know, corporate.
You know about corporate.
We do have heard the Sid Rosenberg rumors, right?
They're not rumors.
That's what I heard.
September 26.
That's the day after his non-components.
He's allegedly coming over here.
Well, I tell you know, he's going to cost money
and get low ratings and revenues.
So of course they're going to hire him.
That's our George.
He still hasn't changed.
Oh, yeah, it's funny because they like it.
It's going to suck and it's going to fail.
That's George's line in that order.
Are you knocking our management again?
No, no, it's.
Let's.
Please go right ahead like this is the only place
that seems to be an epidemic.
It's the way of the world.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Anyway, this email from Don says,
please no Sid Rosenberg.
He blows QM should put Mandage at two
bring La Vastage over four to seven.
Put on a flunky from seven p.m. to one a.m.
and then put on Philip from one to four a.m.
Please no Sid, he blows.
He blows.
Signs Sid's mother it says.
And a five year old who could run QM much better
than that idiot Joe Bell.
Oh, they're picking on Jolly Joe again.
Boy, he hates me like poison.
You wouldn't believe you.
Go ahead.
He came in and shook my hand.
Today?
Today.
Just now.
He came in and shook your hand just this morning.
And what did you say?
I said, hi.
Hi, thanks for firing me.
Sure.
Thanks for ruining my life.
Not yet.
Did he bring you like a bag of food or something?
No, just a bag, his old bag.
Oh, God.
You guys are pretty chummy face to face.
Hey, it's just business.
Not personal.
So I brought in my portable hard drive
to transfer my entire music collection.
Right here to this computer.
Which we appreciate profusely.
My pleasure.
And it ain't showing up.
So I don't know what to do.
Hey, engine weary.
Just the least said that it wasn't reading his thumb drive either.
So there's a problem with this computer reading external drives.
And so this sucks because lead cleaned out a whole bunch of things in here.
Oh, no.
Got this all ready to go.
And so, hey, Steph.
Yeah.
Well, engineering's got a bunch of issues.
I heard this.
I've been hearing these.
We've got many technical issues.
In other words, the move into this new building was a little premature evaluation.
Yeah, I heard that too.
Yeah, a little premature.
But nevertheless.
So can I thank Ponytail for letting me host a party there last night?
Sure.
Hey, thanks, Jeff, for the pizza law for letting me host a going away party
for a couple of my b-ach's last night.
A going away party for them?
For a couple of my girls, yeah.
I see.
And now did you get paid to do this?
Or what?
What's the deal?
No, no, no.
Because I heard you were DJing or something.
I don't know.
Well, if you heard it, it was wrong.
Oh, no, I am.
I'm a fake DJ at clubs and rave like scenes and things like that.
That part's true.
I am a fake DJ.
But are you getting paid for that?
No, no, I'm a practicing.
I might have to do that for a living now.
Oh, my God.
What's that?
Well, it's kind of like when I did the show with you.
I didn't get paid, but I learned a lot.
Oh.
Wow.
This thing.
So nobody's bringing me by bags of money.
All these people give me instructions.
What I should be doing.
I keep saying, how come if you're so worried about George,
why don't you bring him a bag of money?
Right.
Well, I am getting some sponsors.
That's good.
I just, I need to find some people that have radio stations
that would like some money, that would like some sponsors,
and that would like some advertisers on their radio station.
I don't, I haven't found any yet.
I'm talking to a couple people and they're like,
I don't know.
I don't know.
Although that Steve Lapa seems like a really nice guy.
I've been talking to him.
Does he?
Yeah.
Yeah, actually.
Had a few conversations with him.
I don't know what he said about him.
Everything he touches turns to crap.
No, I don't know.
I don't know what Norm says about him.
But it's probably, it's probably wrong.
Because that Norm is, she's doing a hell of a job for me.
Yeah, I heard that too.
Yeah, oh yeah.
My life isn't worth 4 cents.
But I actually want to be doing today,
after today I'm on vacation for a week and then I come back
for my summer schedule.
Sure, this board sure is spiffy.
Is it?
It is.
Very glitzy.
All digital.
And we have no guest mic.
No.
But wait till you're line one.
QAM, hello.
I want to talk to a whole bunch of people
that are called in to say hi to you now,
since they miss you so badly.
But the phones, the phones are all screwed up
and they don't roll over and lines one through seven
are that toll free number, you know.
Yeah, it's a mess.
QAM, hello.
Have you signed up for unemployment?
Oh, God.
Yeah, actually the second day after.
I haven't gotten my direct deposit yet,
but I did sign up.
QAM, hello.
Hey, I'm just calling in to see how George is doing.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
Hey, George, I'm so happy that you're there.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I think you're there and sounds like Neil is energized
because his old buddy is back.
And I have an idea.
Instead of doing fundraisers for Kamilis House
and what you used to do, let's just do one for George's
salary and we'll all kick in.
I'll start and we'll get George back on the air
and we'll hire him.
Okay, I'll put you in a good position.
I'll put a hundred bucks right now.
Okay, thanks.
Bring it over.
Small bills.
Yeah, that's a hell of a good idea.
We could put you out on a corner there.
441 and Ives Derry Road with a, you know,
to help with those damn homeless voice bastards.
I'll bring some goons to club the homeless voice people.
Get them out of the inside.
Yeah, push them out of the way and get out there
on a corner of further north.
Where is it?
Where you make the turn to go to the turn pipe?
Sure.
Well, that's a good place.
441.
Get out there and talk to him.
Bring one with a big 10 gallon head
and everybody come by and bring George a big sack of money.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Vajor.
Well, here we go again.
I'm so forwarded to school.
Until later.
560 Q AM.
We'll throw up that Corona's mind.
You better give it up.
Don't you touch my ferocious nose.
My eye, eye, eye, eye, eye, eye.
Oh, my Corona.
Oh, my, my Corona.
Bravo to it.
560 WQM.
George is with us today for a while.
Yeah, I'm actually sitting on Steph's lap right now.
It's pretty.
I'm in your pardon?
I'm sitting on Steph's lap.
Well, don't tell anybody about it.
I just did.
I told everybody.
Some guy in homestead says there's one
Texas, Dave, Brazil in South Beach,
one in Dolphin Mall and it's one of seven
nineties deals.
Yeah, I didn't think it was one of ours.
It says it's the only one they can sell
so they run it over and over again
under the guys that back by popular demand.
Love you, Neil.
Hey, George.
Some guy in homestead.
Yeah, George.
Hey.
Lanyon Kendall says the phrase two cents worth
or two bits worth came from an old practice
requiring a small fee for expressing an opinion
according to a UK website.
By the way, I usually listen to you on the radio.
But when the storms cause static on AM,
I switched to your live feed for static free reception.
She's Lanyon Kendall.
OK, Lanyon.
And Joe says, what a treat.
You don't know what you've got until it's gone.
You made my weekend, George.
But since I don't have a vagina,
I'll offer you a drink from my gringo self
and I don't mind your cell number.
You're a blue chip in the sea of cow chips.
You rock, George, as Joe.
Thanks, Dave.
I would have thought that the phones would
lit up like a Christmas tree.
Of course, they can't because they don't roll over
and they're all screwed up.
When you came on, wouldn't you have thought?
I would have thought.
But how are you doing on this put?
You got 34% of all the votes on there.
I'm gonna show they missed George.
All right.
And here's George sitting right there
in our screwed up studio on step slap.
On step slap on a region.
He's on the way.
He's on the way.
Hello.
I missed you, George.
Yeah.
QAAM.
Hello.
You think I missed that?
No.
QAAM.
Hey, how are you doing, buddy?
OK.
Welcome back, George.
It's very nice to hear your voice.
Yeah, yeah.
You're like a school girl.
But anyway,
Neil, you talk about the ice and the damn murals.
Are you OK?
And I went into this place to a day.
It must have been about three feet high.
Look like Mount Everest.
Really?
Supposed I didn't have a shirt for the guide.
You got to give you like a step ladder.
So you can climb up on top of the step ladder
and pee down on the ice.
Oh, I could have a shirt
and a meal carry me to the top
as well with the outfit.
Ridiculous.
I have a craftsman.
That's one of our needs 50.
Joyce Kaufman, yes?
I don't know which is more annoying.
Her voice or her views, man.
I'd rather hear Geldi speak for two hours
in a damn room about chicken frogs.
Yeah, ridiculous.
But that's about it.
I just want to talk about that.
OK, well don't be knocking him
because George might be working with her pretty soon.
Yeah, she's great.
And you're full of crap.
I've never heard her.
You never heard her?
No, I've heard of her.
Joyce Kaufman.
Oh, you've made a lover in Palm Beach.
Great.
She's great.
That's what I heard.
Well, Adam Oshmuk, who's an annoying chronic.
Neil, on the stream, I keep hearing spots
for the QAM on air auction.
Who knows about that?
If you plan on auctioning off anything of yours,
could be kind of fun.
I'd buy an old Smata of yours for like eight bucks, his Adam.
Did you catch the Jonas Brothers on Letterman last night?
God, they suck.
No, I did not.
I don't watch Letterman.
And by the way, Adam, you're fair.
Go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away already.
Now, are you looking?
Are you able to see the phone where you're sitting now?
Yeah.
And you see the way it's ringing?
Uh-huh.
Spastic.
Sure.
Spastic.
Although we did discover that that toll free number yesterday,
we had a call from Tennessee.
And then we had that jerk from Connecticut,
that Tony, the UPS driver, that I keep track of.
He called from Connecticut.
So it works all over the country, allegedly.
Oh, right.
Yeah, it is.
It's exciting.
Yeah, just in time for me to not be here.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
I just wanted to say, George is still there, right?
Yeah, he's here.
I'm still there.
I just wanted to say that, um,
when he first came on the air,
I used to turn him off every time he came on.
You were when you were gone.
And I started to listen to him.
And then slowly over the years,
he just evolved into a different type of guy in the radio.
To the point, now keep this short,
to the point that when he, um,
got thrown off the air,
I was ready to fight for him to keep his job.
Well, kind of fighting.
I'm going to need some still.
Like goon fighting, like ax handle fight.
Well, just whatever it took to keep your job.
Yeah.
You know, so that's what happened.
And, uh, you know, hopefully you can get back or do something else somewhere.
Trying to get on somewhere.
It's on here anywhere.
I'll be here promoting the hell out of it.
Even if he's on from 10 to 2.
Yeah, because when you left,
everybody enjoyed you,
especially when you had the chicks in the studio.
I enjoyed those shows too.
Yeah.
OK, fell down.
Tell them those chicks.
So I got it all figured out.
George doesn't share.
I'm sure that.
See, I want the two to six day part.
Because first of all, I've always wanted that.
When I was a music DJ,
I was afternoon drive and I really liked it.
Oh, I hate that day part.
I love that day part.
I want afternoon drive, you know,
through the traffic reports,
crap like that.
But then you can promote me all during your show.
Right.
And then I come on right afterwards.
And everybody's happy.
All I need is somebody that will put me on there.
Seems pretty simple.
I got all these sponsors.
Do you?
I got a lot.
I got about 14.
I'm waiting for.
I would think that Steve Lappa would laugh that up
because man, they are cash poor in that place.
God, they can use the cash.
They seem to be afraid of money.
I'm such a weird thing.
I'm encountering.
Like, hey, we know that James Crystal radio.
Is his name James Crystal?
No, no, no.
I just found out his name the other day.
And I can't remember it.
Some guy in Houston.
I can't think of his name.
But at any rate, he's just loaded.
Yeah.
Flea would probably know this.
We know.
Do you know the guy that owns James Crystal?
No.
No.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
He does normally does business with him
because that's his level.
No, no, no.
No, no.
But that guy is loaded.
And they're always, everybody's poor.
You know, we're in a depression.
Well, I got a beating around the bush
but we're in a depression.
Not a recession.
It's a freaking depression.
I've got people willing to spend money
on a show if I should get one.
I've got a few more people writing emails,
writing, working on their letters as we speak.
Could still use some more.
So Jorge at the George Rodriguez show
or the same Neil Rogers address at all works.
QAM, hello.
Is George in there?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he's here.
In legal way, the flow.
Oh, God.
But you know something that's the first time he's ever called
and said something other than,
if we go away, then he said something else.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
You're bringing out the best in these people, man.
The greatest talent.
And you know, the phones were shot off
for eight months on a show, as you know.
And one day I opened them up and they're all still there.
The garterler is there and the quarter-shot guy is there
and the chronic's are there.
They're all still there.
Eight months later.
Oh, and you know what?
It's past noon and flea is now can flea get to the computer?
Are you like to take a look?
I'm in his spot.
Otherwise, he would be sitting in the same spot.
He'd climb over him.
What?
Because we need to see those numbers.
Well, because this new arbitron crap,
this baloney, which we can't say the name of it on the year,
is so bogus, we're doing our own survey.
And that is the people listening online on the Q&A website,
which it changes every 10 minutes.
Okay.
And we're comparing to the rest of the day.
And we just blow them away at any given day.
How about if he does it during the break?
You can't climb over your left now into him?
Yeah, I guess.
Here climb over my left.
You're a little too little guy.
That's the thing he wants.
By the way, so James Hillierde is the...
James Hillierde, that's the guy.
He owns like the Houston basketball team or something like that.
I don't know. He's something.
Well, he never heard of me.
So he's listening to recordings of me hosting the show,
apparently, as well as me.
Oh my God.
That's where I'm at with those people.
What's the story, Flee?
He's still looking.
Travnoone.
Firefox is updating.
Maybe after the break during the break, you'll get it.
Are you sure?
No, I'm not.
Are you sure?
Okay, let's take another call from George
while we're waiting for Flee to get his crap together.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Stand Major.
Talking about stand Major.
We don't want stand Major.
Okay, we're not interested in the stand Major.
We don't care about stand Major.
Nobody knows who the hell that is.
And he still owes me that money.
In fact, if he would pay me the money back,
I'd give it to George.
All right, hey, Stan.
Yes, Stan, come on by the station Stan.
Give George a two grand plus interest for like 20 some years.
What year would that have been?
Good Lord, I don't know, like 20.
80, 88, 21 years ago.
Figure out the interest on two grand for 20 years.
412 listeners.
412.
That's pretty much what we got every day.
Although Friday is a, you know this.
I don't know why, but Friday is always a little bit down
as compared to the other weekdays and I don't know why.
All neither.
412 and what do they have this morning at whatever time you sent Flee?
120.
He can't hear you at all.
Oh, they had 120 at eight o'clock this morning.
We've got 412 now.
Yeah, following this and he said the graph.
There's a chart on there just like the ratings graphs.
We used to get.
Mm-hmm.
I see it's a very colorful.
It's very pretty.
It looks like a rainbow bumper sticker there.
What?
Very gay, the graph.
It's a very gay looking graph.
Oh, you can see it?
Yeah.
Can you see the big finger sticking up in the middle?
Right.
Peaks it in every day.
That's the message from George to Joe Bell and the Beasley's.
By the way.
Don't be knocking Joe into Beasley's now.
You're blaming everybody else for all your problems.
Oh, blah, blah, blah.
No, everybody's like Frosted Flakes.
They're great.
You're full of crap.
You harbor such hostility and you know what?
And rightfully so.
Oh, you're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On south Florida, 20 years later.
560, QA.
It's Friday.
You bastard.
All right.
You like the phone.
But there's no smoke.
It's time for your personal.
Your love's set.
No waking vape.
No bugs exist.
Not even shaved.
You can't feel.
You have to leave.
You throw out words.
Defined weed.
Your money's tight.
You can't see.
Another way.
Defeal your need.
You try to think of who could score you some, but oh yeah.
You're almost switched to blue.
It's fresh.
Your pipe is lined with touch.
You know you're gonna have to scrape it.
You're addicted to mud.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to mud.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to mud.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to mud.
1275, QA.
560, WKW.
We got George Rodriguez.
The one I don't know what he would have today for me to laugh.
How long he used to go around?
Feel about two-thirds.
Well, this thing has another hour and then some to transfer
all the files over.
So.
So it's working?
Yeah, finally stuff came in and got it to work and we're transferring.
So you'll have all of the Jonas Brothers, all of Luis Miguel,
all of the classic oldies.
I'm thinking he's telling me the Jonas Brothers are on there.
All at least fingertips right here.
Anything you want.
And then,
I'm that Jonas Brothers.
Finally, I get to delete it from my heart.
I wouldn't mind having Joey Jonas
in my fingertips, but not the music.
And I use the term music loosely.
Anyway, I forwarded to you on the neo-Rodger thing.
George at neo-Rodgers.com.
Oh, he sent me the original also.
I don't know if he's that an actual radio station
or these people on the dial.
Evidently, I don't know.
I never heard of it.
Neither.
All right.
I'll, you know, look into it.
I think that you know, no, that's probably the wrong
callers.
I think it's a WPBR.
Okay.
Well, you got the phone numbers, right?
Like, pull me to radio.
Yeah, I got the email from you.
And there you go.
Send it to you.
Thank you.
So let's find George a job.
And let's bring him a bag of money and let's
pat him on it back and say, oh, boy,
you sure are missed.
Take a look at that poll.
My God.
620 people.
And of course, flee.
You know, it's this is in the shot at flee,
but never less.
He can't hear you anyway.
Go ahead, say good.
Riffman A.
We're laughing at you, flee.
Now he's he's been fine.
He's not you, but he's been fine.
You know what I mean?
We're still friends.
He's a good guy.
We are.
I know that.
I know he took your job for free for flee.
624 votes on the poll.
What's your take on the show?
I miss George.
221.35.4% miss George.
Well over a turd.
I love the calls being back.
76.
Oh, yeah, me too.
And it's really depressing to see.
It looks like nobody's calling because the way this phone thing is all screwed up.
They just don't roll over.
Oh, well, I know some people like that.
Yeah, they won't roll over.
They know the show is fine.
67.
It's okay.
63.
It's great.
It's week 47.
What show?
44.
7%.
Those are the people who go to the website and vote on the poll,
but they don't listen to the show and they don't even have the show as on.
Sure.
We've always had that.
I believe it.
It's compelling 37 and it's a disaster only 21.
It's compelling 37.
That's what your buddy, Jolly Joseph, we got to do compelling radio.
Now are you are you familiar with the ding dong school?
We're going to be starting.
No.
Oh, that's news to me.
Please tell them we're going to be doing ding dong school when clearance.
Well, clearance is back from with with with clearance.
He's going to be teaching the class.
Me and flee and clearance every Tuesday and Thursday during the summer time.
A two 15.
All right.
I don't want to say that somebody in management overreactors,
Albert Trombos point this and point that.
But he did.
Yeah.
Ding dong school, okay.
Ding dong school.
That's very.
That's that's funny.
With a sports nerd who never did a non sports talk show in his life.
That he's going to be doing ding dong school.
And we've also got a consultant over and above wall table.
Chris somebody, I forgot what his name was.
That's well, maybe maybe you'll learn how to do a talk show.
Right.
That's what I do.
Once and for all, you'll learn how to do this thing here.
Nobody wants to hear about how Joyce and I and the beesleys are running your show.
Nobody wants to hear about the weekly rating numbers.
Nobody wants, you know, I mean, just hostile and psychotic.
That's what I've been getting since you got canned.
I mean, I'm still trying to wrap myself around the other ding dong school thing
because we used to make fun of the people that would have to do that, you know,
because like Rick and Spud and they stepped into ding dong school.
Oh, Rinarie, they all did everybody except for you.
How about the morning show here, the worst team?
Did they stepped into ding dong school all the time?
Joe and Gellie and Mifo, which of course cracks me up.
Because you know, Clarence, I had to teach him how to edit tape.
That was one of the first things that I did when I came over here as productive.
Are you not gonna Clarence now?
No, I'm not knocking him at all.
I'm just saying that he didn't know anything about radio.
Not like now.
He just came back from his honeymoon.
All congratulations.
To somebody.
Now he'll be back Monday and I'll be out of vacation Monday.
So we won't be able to do, and I'm hearing that flee might have to do ding dong school every day while I'm not here, you know.
Maybe during the summertime, I'm gonna, you know, come in Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Not to do the show, but like a two, 15.
So I don't miss out on ding dong school.
Now how do you do a ding dong school on a show that's based on stream of consciousness?
I don't know, you know, we don't do guests.
We don't do topics.
Sure.
How do you do that?
I'm sure that's quite a challenge.
I'm sure that's a lot to say to you and you have a lot to learn from him.
Woo!
Kevin says now today is compelling radio.
That's the way it should be George back with you.
Well, can I tell you?
If you would work for free, they'd put you on every day.
Yeah, right.
Well, I'm kind of offering that to people and they're like, I don't know.
I don't know.
Sounds too good.
Really?
Tell me what 500 grand.
Okay.
Then maybe they'll hire you.
Barry MacCockner says I'm glad to hear George's back sounds great.
I'm optimistic he'll get in somewhere.
I'm looking forward to hearing his compelling radio.
Does the new radio system's name that you can't mention on the ear rhyme with purple people eater?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, it does.
Purple people eater.
Meter reader.
Oh, it is so ridiculous.
It's just insane that we went from a 6.7 and a winter book to a point two in April.
By the way, another thing that I think is funny since I've since I'm not there anymore.
Besides the emails that I get from people saying nice things like we miss you and things like that,
I'm still getting emails from people complaining about something as if it's my job to do something about it still.
Like like the online like the on whatever you name it.
It's still my job to deal with it.
I'm still you know, I guess people are creatures of habit.
They're still emailing me like I'm supposed to do something about it.
QAM, hello.
I have to email them back saying not my job.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, if you want to say welcome back George and good luck and whatever you do.
And you're really smart and you're going to get something wrong.
Why are you whispering?
I've worked.
Somebody's listening to it.
Oh, your work?
Okay.
Yeah.
Let's get back to work.
Yeah, I'm going to get something to work.
There's a gentleman took time out from his busy day work to call and welcome you back.
At least for a day.
You know, I look at that phone.
Well, on Monday when we started with the phone thing, it was really depressing.
Remember the day downstairs?
Oh, yeah.
On the second floor in the old building.
Yes.
Years ago and I'm giving out the numbers and screaming and yelling and nothing would happen.
Then we found out the phones weren't working.
Right.
It's the beastly FN way, man.
They're great.
Huh?
They're great.
They are great.
Yeah, they really are.
They're the best.
And it's a lot easier to complain about engineering than it is to get the work done.
That's what I was told by your buddy in close pal.
I came in and shook hands.
Well, that's a very good point.
Yeah, it's a lot easier to wind and complain about it than it is to get the job done.
But by the end of the week, it'll all be working.
How's that phone coming along?
Not too good.
But this sure is a very glitzy looking little studio here.
Is it?
There's a window.
And see, this is the thing that makes me sad for the once for the first time in my life.
I was going to have a studio with a window.
Got a beautiful view.
You don't get too excited about it because the first day Monday,
I think it was in there.
He says to me, he says, well, I'm looking out the window and I see Ray Perry.
Yeah.
So, you know, things are it is way to see the first appeared a lot.
You get a wonderful view of the dumpster and there's a fork lift out there and everything.
Nevertheless, there's a tree and the sun and you can see the sky.
Now let me ask you, this is the building that used to be the Paxon building.
Am I right?
Yeah.
This is where I used to have to go to pick up my checks when I was in Limbo for those seven months.
Right.
The Taj Mahal.
I'll be damned.
And so what's in there now besides power and kiss in us just just that?
Yeah.
Ain't that enough?
No, that's more than enough.
Remember, we got the guided tour of that building when we first went over there?
Right.
It's like a maze.
That little Spanish language station in a broom closet.
That's right.
That's this place.
I think this is the broom closet they were in.
Really?
I mean, it's a tiny, tiny little room.
Still, it has a window and the equipment is all nice and new.
I can't go over how crunchy this microphone sounds.
Why do you say that?
Why do you keep saying sounds?
Because as opposed to muffled like the other one.
The headphones, no, it sounds fine to me.
You sound clear as a bell.
Any different?
And please said, I sound clear as a bell.
What?
No, it doesn't sound any different.
Sounds fine.
Great.
Doesn't sound crunchy.
It's not snarking, cracking, or popping.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
He's still there.
They let him out.
Proc 26 at 560 WQAM.
Were you dutch back in?
Prices at the pump and upward.
In some local areas, they've officially reached record highs this morning.
And no question about it.
It's really starting to take a financial toll on drivers.
Way back when in 67.
The Avenue.
Boy, this must be serious.
She's caused a few laughs.
The pump was designed.
Come on, how's the fever?
Oh, it's gorgeous.
Oh, that's great.
Smells nice, too.
Now we'll never be able to afford my lip injection.
That's inhumane.
I can't help but feel you.
I can't believe my eyes.
419.
419.
I can't feel the pain.
I can't feel the pain.
Won't drive anymore till the price is small.
I think we're on a gas.
They can't afford to pay for it.
There's nothing you can do about it.
Well, in honor of George visiting with us today,
I'm opening up a big bottle of champagne.
Fresca.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, I'm out of my coat zero.
OK.
Now, I know how much you dislike coke zero.
It tastes almost like tabbed, doesn't it?
I don't like coke, period.
I don't either, but they didn't have no caffeine-free diet Pepsi.
Yeah.
No speaking.
That's my thing.
I'll be drinking more water lately.
It's cheaper.
A couple of caustic emails here in the pile, which is fine.
One from Maryland.
Maryland says, I hope I'm out to asserting a pattern
in your relationship vis-a-vis joe-bell-joice-fitch
when it comes to your working arrangements.
No, you're not, Maryland.
You're just a psychotic bitch.
What usually happens is you get on here
and talk about how you're not giving it to them.
And you pretend to be butch-boss.
And then later on, you fold.
For example, salary cut and George, if past this
reason, any indication, I'll hear you every day in the summer.
And I know depending on normality of cant
is an exercise in futility.
And as Tom Jicke said, there's not a contract
that can't be abrogated.
And I heard that Joe suggests you should come back to Miami.
So I'm sure before the year is out,
you'll be back in Broward full time, Mrs. Maryland.
Now, I will not be back in Broward.
And number two, I will not be on during the summer
on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
If you cared about the show, you'd work.
You'd work more during the summer.
Can you imagine anybody even saying that to you
with a straight face?
No.
I don't know if you had a straight face when he wrote it,
but he did write it.
It's gay face.
Well, what person in their even assemblants
of their right mind would do something like that?
I don't know.
Would give up a deal.
I mean, that's the only part of my deal
that I still got is the summer or schedule, you know?
Right?
I don't know.
I won't be on Monday, Wednesday and Friday,
in Maryland, blow it out to your ugly ass, sweetie.
Oh, you're going to do this.
You're going to do that.
You're going to be back in Broward.
Yeah, sure.
But what if they say during Ding Dong school
that it's what you should do?
Oh, well, if they say during Ding Dong school,
I might have to reconsider.
You still can't get over that.
I'm not going to get over that.
I'm just don't ask you.
Let me ask you this question.
I mean, because you've seen this pattern,
I mean, first they blow you out
and then they're like,
gonna micromanage the show
and having a nervous breakdown
about these bogus numbers, right?
Don't you see the pattern here?
I do.
I saw it before.
Yeah.
Based on they just really don't like attention
and ratings and,
well, I guess the ratings now, you know.
That thing.
What are you saying?
That thing that they're going to use that as an excuse,
but I've never had any doubt in my mind
that they wanted to get you aggravated enough to leave.
Well, it's not going to happen.
I'm here.
I'm here today and after the vacation next week,
I'll be back to following Tuesday.
Not Monday, Marilyn.
Tuesday.
No, when does Ding Dong school start next to like,
when you get back from vacation?
Yeah, the first Tuesday is when I come back.
So we can't wait to hear the new and improved
Neil Rogers show.
Oh, it's going to be a very cool session.
I want our first guest is going to be I wrote
a win bag.
I mean, everybody knows that what they've done
to the man dog show is, you know, put the guest on.
Isn't he the one that always said along with me
that guests are killer?
He did.
Show killer.
Now, you're going to have a notebook.
Are you going to take notes during Ding Dong?
I'm going out today.
I'm glad you mentioned it.
I almost forgot.
I'm going to go out right at two o'clock
and get me a spiral notebook, like going back to school.
Well, it is school.
It's Ding Dong school.
I'm bringing the ding and I hear clearances bringing them.
Well, no, that's not what I heard.
Oh, really?
I heard he was busy and he's been on this honeymoon.
Good for him.
WQAM.
Hello.
I miss George.
Come back.
OK.
Yeah, boy, do I miss that.
Make you want to come back?
Uh-huh.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, man.
I just wanted to say I'm stoked to hear George.
Yeah.
Oh, bless you.
May him.
Bless you.
Hear the hell out of me with headphones on.
That's really loud.
Sorry, bro.
Yeah, man.
It's one thing I'm glad to hear you back.
Well, good.
Thank you.
OK, thanks.
Chorren's sweetened to the point.
Brett says, Neil's been exposed for starters.
The reason why George hasn't had any offers is pretty
apparent.
He has no talent unless you consider being a Neil.
Yes, man, a talent.
And he liked that.
Is shot.
Yes.
He's been in here less than an hour and already
you got a nasty, cool shot.
And as for said, it's funny to hear you guys constantly
bash him.
If not for some of his off-air issues,
he would still be working in the number one
media market in the world.
But of course, you never let the facts get in the way
of a good story.
He still works with I'mus and has done a ton of stuff
with Howard Stern, too, including hosting a Stern special
on Howard TV last summer.
His show was always packed with great and relevant guests,
and he's very funny.
That's why nobody listened to him.
And he had that morning show across the street.
And that's why he keeps getting canned everywhere he goes,
because he's very relevant and very funny.
And he'll be joining us soon.
Yes.
Walter Sabo says, since George has 14 clients,
George can now charge each client $1,000 a month,
at a gross of $14,000 a month.
George can now follow Neil Attupi,
at monNearodgers.com.
The anticipated average quarter hour is 1,000 to 3,000.
Yeah, Walter is trying to put together this concept of great.
We do the show online.
Would love to hear more.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
No, seriously, I was thinking everybody,
I've gotten so many emails.
Those should do a podcast, do a podcast.
Be happy to do a podcast.
How do you make money doing a podcast?
I have no idea.
Well, I'd like to know that if Walter was able to do it.
Yeah, Walter should let us know.
I'd be happy to talk about that.
Say, how do my good friend Harry Valentine
while you're at a Walter?
Yeah, Harry P.N. is Valentine.
That's right.
He haven't at least up there listening to their word
auditioning for the people of the serious.
Serious?
The fake grand bale started that.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'll have no, I'm called.
They're willing to pay 50,000 year
to Simon just remember just remember,
because I was having a couple of conversations with Lee.
We were going over some rumors that, yeah,
that came in by email and calls and things like that.
If you hear it, it's wrong.
If it was an email, it's wrong.
If a caller said it, it's wrong.
And by the way, my salary every time that somebody
mentions what I was making, it was wrong.
Like on that call.
Oh, Gus says what is George doing back?
He's guessing on the show.
He's making a guest appearance.
That's transferring files.
And there's no other place to sit while you do that
then right here.
What's he doing back?
You know, this audience, I just,
they don't know what they want.
Nice chair.
What did we do with the old ones?
Like they used to say, you remember these calls?
Oh, I don't, can't you guys talk about something interesting?
I don't like what we're talking about.
And then we would say, like, what is it you would rather
hear?
Oh, anything other than what you're talking about.
Sour and nasty.
That Maryland is one of the main reasons I will not be doing
the shows in South Florida.
At any price under any circumstances, no matter how many
ding-dongs a clearance brings in.
John says, will George showing up on Fridays become a regular
Friday feature like Spik and Suds was?
No.
No.
He says no.
No.
Although Joe offered to, you know, very magnetimously to let
you come in and appear on the show for free any time you want.
For free.
Yeah.
I'll come on again to promote my show somewhere else when I get one.
OK.
QIM, hello.
All right.
Hey, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, everybody.
I have a question I want to ask you.
I'm a little pissed off and tired about two things.
And I can't change it.
They've changed the size of ice cream containers.
You don't get a half gallon anymore.
And if you watch a lot of TV, if you have a prosthetic light,
there's more dark, complex people and like on news,
the weather, the weather channel everywhere.
But I guess made them before you didn't notice it.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah.
OK.
More dark, complex people on there.
These are his problems.
Let's see.
Somebody Lisa says yesterday I heard a 94.3.
They were talking about needing a program director.
They would extend an open invitation to him to contact them.
Please let him know.
Yeah.
I got a call from Terry Griffin.
Thank you, Terry.
Nick and Marty from Batavia said this really messaged George.
Terry said what?
That there was an opening for a program director up there in Orlando,
like on real radio or somewhere like that.
And you know, once upon a time, like a 0.3 is not real radio,
this is in the pums of the different one.
OK, like I said, once upon a time, isn't that the buzz?
Maybe.
ZZR some, I don't know what it is.
Once upon a time, I might have considered being a program director,
not anymore.
Why not?
Because I want to do a show.
What if a program director makes more money than you could conduct ding dong school?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, wherever you go.
Yeah, I don't know.
They offered me the program director job here.
I'd take it.
Now, I'm curious.
I guess I'm going to be able to do it in the studio.
You know, it can just, yeah, what?
Yeah, I wasn't opposed to wanting to phone.
I don't know.
Phone is very cumbersome.
But you know, the flea will be on the other end.
And I'll be on the center.
Parents will be in there somewhere.
What?
What?
Conducting ding dong school.
You might want to come and be a witness.
Oh, can I please?
Oh, yeah.
Gonna be great.
Here we go again.
George Edith and Coro Nugo that QAM.
Absolutely.
Huh?
George George, Jorge.
Jorge.
Rodrigues Bigfoot, loser guy.
Oh.
He's uncertain size.
George George.
Jorge.
Rodrigues.
He's a scriptic son of a bitch.
Don't give him no sh**.
With the boss like me, he's got a great deal free food.
And a brand new set of wheels.
If you got the balls to give him a call, just remember that he won't take your crap.
He's George George.
Jorge, by redistricting as he can be.
You won't find no cheese.
Don't give him no QAM.
What do you want?
George George.
Jorge.
Rodrigues.
Critics.
Univ.
Oh.
14 to 1 and 560 WQM.
So are you eating like a lot of free meals these days or what?
About as many as I used to.
As you can still.
Sure.
And what about tonight?
Last night.
Last night.
I had free pizza party for my girls.
They're going away.
Well, that's one thing about ponytail.
He'll always feed you for free.
He's a sweetheart.
He's on the list.
He's one of the people he's going to spend money on me if someone would like some.
If a radio station would like some advertising.
Who wouldn't like some?
People I'm talking to.
They're just not as excited as you would think that a station would be.
Lawrence is glad to hear a great dear George on the radio even if it's just a little
bit today.
Hope you find what you're looking for George.
Whatever that means.
I don't know about guesting on Monday, Wednesday and Friday during the summer just
getting just to make a joe well.
P.O.
But you wouldn't want to do that for a fee not for a free.
He ain't going to pay you.
I know.
He doesn't want to pay anybody.
He doesn't want to pay you.
He's still scheming.
I know that.
He'll try and something.
He's still there.
He's still scheming.
You can feel it.
Can't you?
I'm pretty sure that's what that ding dong school thing is all about.
Of course.
It's like an endurance contest.
But there's one thing he keeps for giving.
And I've said it many times.
You've heard me say it over the years.
I'm a survivor.
I've got four and a half years to go and I plan on being here every day that I'm supposed
to be.
Oh no.
If you were, if you cared about the show.
So is there a date?
I want to put it on the calendar.
The first Neil Rogers show after ding dong school.
The new and improved.
It'll be on Thursday.
Um, whatever the date is.
Two weeks from yesterday.
Okay.
25th.
A banner day.
Thursday June 25th.
Mark it on your calendars.
That'll be the first Neil Rogers show after our first ding dong school with clearance
on Tuesday.
The 222 15 PM.
What?
I can't wait.
I can't wait to hear what the changes are going to be.
Barry Jackass says it's good to hear George again.
I reported weeks ago that Steve White and Howard Davis wanted a higher George spelled H.I.
G. A.
But needed approval from Lincoln financial.
The approval has not happened yet.
Ask George if he met Hawk.
Yeah.
He came to the horse track that one time.
But not in the building.
Oh, you didn't meet him at the station.
No.
Good guy.
He's from what everyone says.
He is obsessed with this show.
Obsessed.
This is what I hear.
Steve White was hoping George could do the morning show.
What Hawk has done for Levy.
George's not on Chris Bar struggling in the morning.
This is very no kidding.
Barry.
No, remember what I told you.
What?
If it's on an email or a phone call.
If you hear it, it's wrong.
That's wrong.
So they're not struggling in the morning?
No, I don't know about that.
But that was never part of the discussion.
Me in the mornings was never a discussion.
Real that's wrong.
Well, that would be a good idea though.
Maybe.
But nevertheless, I think it would be a great idea.
Sure.
I'll take it.
You could be you could be to that show what Hawk is till a bastard.
Yeah.
But again, did you meet Levy?
Wrong.
No.
No.
Because he's been ripping me a big ass last couple of days.
Well, you probably deserve it.
You're a bad man.
I mean, sure, I do.
You know, because I'm all done.
I'm washed up.
That's right.
But what's those lessons start?
Well, once we get to Ding Dong school, go and then I'm going to be dynamite.
Oh, you'll see.
I'm going to be better than ever.
Mary says I'm listening online.
Just got in and thought it was a rerun show when I heard George.
It's great to hear him.
I live in North Carolina.
I wonder if George would consider a move here.
We need any kind of non-religious talk with you here.
Oh, yeah.
You make a lot of money up there in North Carolina.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, they're just aren't there aren't any people and there aren't any.
But I'll speak the lingo.
There's no commerce out by where you're playing North Carolina.
There's little spots to possums.
No, seriously, is there any commerce?
Are there like no ors and nope, just, you know, little shack here and there.
Little barbed out on the road.
Oh, shack is there.
Maybe you could cut it on some of his act with that icy sleeve.
412 people listening at noon and 120 in eight o'clock this morning.
Now, doesn't that tell you that those arbitrar numbers are right?
Right.
And you can look at that graph on there, that chart and then, you know,
anybody who's been in the business or near the business or ever owned a radio
can understand that very simply.
But nevertheless, so now you've got your 24th in your demo in the market.
If you cared about the show, you would oh boy.
I should save a collection of those emails.
You should.
The ramblings of a crazy person.
Derek Sanderson says I know the colors are a pain for you.
And a few of them are entertaining.
But mostly the way you respond is laugh out loud stuff much of the time.
I just don't like the way this phone is working out.
If it ever works right and flea threatens that it's going to work right one of these days soon.
Yeah, that would be nice.
But like line one one through seven one is the only one that rings.
Q a m. Hello and and see there's nobody on there.
That's the out of town line and in law in town they call on that one too.
It says flea seems to be coming into his own although I still won't listen unless you're on.
And George still sucks at least when he was on without you.
I admit I need to get a life but I'm addicted to Neil God go penguins.
Oh brother, how do you like that?
Yeah, come in and offer your services for free and all these people.
Oh, we miss George so bad.
And then the emails in the callers, a lot of negative crap hostility.
What a surprise.
Yeah, what a shock in South Florida.
677 votes and boy, you're kicking ass.
What's your take on the show?
I missed George 240 votes 35 and a half percent of all the votes say they so I got an idea.
Yes, since we we know what clearance is email addresses.
Listeners can email their suggestions to clearance about how you should change the show and what you should do new and different.
Maybe you'll listen to him.
Say that again listeners can email their suggestions about what changes should be.
Made to the show to clearance so that he can bring them up during ding dong school.
And you can go over there or we could bring back that great great popular segment asked the program director.
Yeah, not.
Oh, this is just sad Vince great here George sorry to be a nudge about the tune moist.
How led George open with from time to time any chance of hearing it.
I don't even know what it is.
It's under moist towel.
Let this that's so much under moist towel.
Let yeah.
I don't think so not in my thing sure it is.
No, it is not it's under moist.
It is I got nothing under moist.
I got most I could play it.
I see it in here.
Well, it's in your DCS is not in mine.
How long is it?
It's 133.
Okay, go ahead and give it a spin.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
Does it make me gay if I'm clean and neat.
There's all of oil all over the place.
He rubs it on his feet.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
I keep one in my wallet in the past where my rubber is stored.
The rubber's been there since I got it.
At the gag shop comedy store.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
I use the monotonyl at seat until it glows.
And there's a filter for my nose.
Because people stink you now.
I use it on the desk.
On the monitor glass.
And it doesn't misalign.
When I wipe it on my ass.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
Moist.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
Towel it.
It's a powerful person.
It gets mapped several times.
or Harry Valentine. Now why do you keep mentioning Harry Valentine? Because they're
they're together and I worked with Harry when he was the PD I was assistant PD
and we were chummy. Kind of like Lee and Joe. You were the assistant PD? Yeah for
the year that we were at Paxon. I never knew that. I ran the joint. Yeah they gave me a
desk with a computer on it. I got to share my emotions. You were the assistant PD?
That's right the executive producer. Oh my god. It's on my resume baby. My big fat
resume. It's really nice reading. Oh this is really nice. This is really impressive. I don't know.
I don't know. I think it's just this. No I never I've never had to endure Dengdonk
School yet. It's going to be really really got all my day. I want to be here for that. I want to be here. I want to be a fly in the wall.
I can't find my first email from Walter Sabre which led me to believe it was really him.
Because it had all the stuff at the bottom of the page you know which like you said anybody can cut and paste it.
Sure. I don't know. But he's the kind of guy that would like stick his nose in here and try to like you know muscle in
and create a problem like he did for Jerry Williams who by the way is still dead.
Oh Neil. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well here we go again. It's the one to do our.
I'm Chris Magic playing hotball on MSNBC. I feel as getting as a college schoolgirl who's wearing a skirt and those scrappy thigh highs and the
wind just blew over my coachy. Even though the academy is these mall and our run seems to be crambling I feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old
girl going to see Twilight. Welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to hotball. That hour Malawi of Ford.
Robert Nadeli of Chrysler and Richard Wagon of a G.M. Welcome to program gentlemen. Let's start with you Richard. Didn't know if you realize that you actually named after a station wagon. That's nice name's wagon. Yeah.
It's like a station wagon. That's funny. No. No. I think it's funny. Maybe not if it's sent to him. Right away. Let's go to you. I'll let's go.
You think it's funny to Richard Wagon. His last name is actually from a station wagon. I think I know
how many anyway. What are you doing in elephant with three balls? You're welcome in pension in giraffe. Anyway, let's get it. You Robert Nadeli of Chrysler.
Robert think I'm asking about the Richard Wagon and name reference. I'm not going to say a curveball and hotball. Why is it that you guys flew like private jets into get your big bail out money?
Don't you think that says the American people screw you? I think it's not a say screw you American people. Well, I don't get me wrong.
I'm a big believer in spend spend spend but that's kind of crazy right? Well, I'm sure I know I wish I had a private plane that
where people would know be here to stupid things. I say well traveling I'm as transit. What is it? I've got back to you over there Richard Wagon.
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time. Get it station wagon. Hey, are you wearing it?
You're pedaling on your side. Anyway, let's talk about the big bail out you guys. Thank you.
Well, thank you. Go ahead. I'm trying to get an answer. How do you feel about the bailout?
Yeah, I really think. Go ahead. Go ahead. What I'm trying to say. Let's ask Robert Nudge Deli the same question.
No, Deli, wait a minute. Just hit me. Your name sounds like I'm back in Rome. I think I had some vodka sauce and Nudge Deli last night.
I'm 40. Can I admit it? No, they're not.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana.
Banana.
Banana.
Banana.
Who's there?
Who's there?
A hoozier.
Orange.
Orange.
Orange you planning to say banana? I know comedy. Let's go back out of the Almalaliah Ford.
Wait a minute.
You know what, let me remind you, we have big baili with Miss Barbara Stanwakey Rides.
Malawi's big baili.
Of course you can also feed the chicken and we'll grace for the high squeaky voice.
Don't you think it's a funny?
Don't you think it's a funny?
Go ahead.
Listen.
I'm here.
Funny. I'm telling you it's funny. Miss Barbara Stanwake, they're king's where we first saw a million dollar man.
Rightly major. It's funny.
Listen, we're not done listening to you. Maybe they'll back talk to hooz.
Till tomorrow, my special destiny.
A priest, a rabbi and a prostitute. That's funny.
Chris Matthews, play hot bar. I miss them.
Be safe.
103 at 560 W2QM. So George is with us and you were right.
What?
Walt Sabo says, did the real Walter Sabo ever provide quality information you in the past?
Question mark? It says, oh please.
I'm at 100 percent.
Anyway, I'm not Walter Sabo.
I'm legit have personal and professional references that can be verified immediately.
Welcome to 2009, Internet Radio.
This is some goofball trying to pedal to us this Internet Radio crowd.
How do you like that?
Well, well, what?
Is there money to be made in there?
I haven't got any idea. I don't know anything about it.
First of all, let me ask you this question.
Sure.
How do you do? I mean, just assuming we're talking about doing this kind of a show
that we're doing right now.
Yeah.
How do you set it up?
Where do you feed the audio to?
Where does it go through?
How do you do phones?
How do you do all of these things that we do?
Well, it's all it's already set up.
In other words, we're already streaming.
It's already set up and it's going through the radio station and then back out onto the
Internet.
Right. You just need a board and you pipe it into the Internet yourself.
Exactly the same way that the radio station does it, you just do it yourself with your own
little mini board there plugged into your computer.
Really?
Yeah.
And what about the phone?
You don't take calls?
You have your own phone system and you can even do it with an Internet-based phone system,
like Vonage, for example.
Not that they're the only outfit that you can do it that way.
Not that I've been doing a little bit of research.
I've just heard that tinkle on your phone.
Yeah, I've been getting a lot of text since I've been on there.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, yeah, how you doing?
George, it's very good to hear you on the air.
Yeah, it says you.
And it's very good to hear you.
You know, I want to go tell you, enjoy your vacation and you mentioned something about
that you have like diabetes and all that.
Yes.
Trust me when I tell you, take one teaspoon a day of cinnamon.
Yeah, okay.
There we go with that crap.
We're going to take some vinegar, take some cinnamon, a teaspoon a day of cinnamon.
You know how much that is?
No.
It's a lot.
I mean, I like cinnamon just fine, but the teaspoon is a lot.
That's fine.
Remember we were talking a hundred years ago about how cinnamon will
control your blood sugar, all that crap?
When your blood sugar is out of control and just really sky high,
like mine has been for a long time, you've got to do something about it.
Boka brought you a bit about it.
Huh?
He wrote a bit about it.
He wrote a bit about it.
Boka?
About a spoonful of cinnamon.
How's he doing, by the way?
Fine, I haven't seen him much.
So he wants?
Yeah.
Well, I don't deliver his checks anymore.
No, they're in the mail.
Oh, you mean from there?
Yeah.
He already got his big quarterly check for me,
so you think he'd be there to buy you a few dinners and stuff?
Lee bought me lunch.
We just need a fork now.
Lee bought you lunch and you've got food there in the studio?
Yeah.
I'm going to smear it all over the board.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Got some fetiches.
I'm going to get in all the little cracks here and be told to eat some.
Where did he buy it from?
He can't say though, huh?
He's going to not say it or they might fire you, George.
He paid for it.
I saw money exchanging hands, yeah.
From Tony's, Tony's pizza, you know,
$193.441.
Really good.
Careful now.
Really great pizza.
Let's see, here's one that says,
how to make money on the internet.
John Boy and Billy and Bob and Tom now make you pay to listen to their shows on the internet.
I missed the funny noises it says.
Geosis.
How much?
What does that mean?
I mean, how do you pay like what,
$0.99 a podcast?
I don't know.
I guess you have to put your credit card in there and oh boy,
a lot of bookkeeping and stuff like that involved.
See, one thing when you're working for like a salary, it's a sure thing.
You know how much it's supposed to be every two weeks?
Right.
But with this, it's kind of like, oh well, maybe maybe this week,
you know, a thousand people are listening and maybe next week like 300.
And especially starting a pay per listen service during these times,
during a depression, probably not a brilliant idea.
Yeah.
So this other person is,
I'm a person any water's able,
trying to pedal us internet radio crap.
Nice.
I mean, it would be fine.
I mean, I know no censorship.
You can all align what you want.
Sure.
Might even be able to say,
do not.
Hey, I never got station in trouble.
Yeah, but when you were working, we had dump buttons that worked.
Right.
How'd you like to be working when there are two and either one of them
works? Well, that's, I we don't want to rehash that.
No, let's not.
Lanny and Kendallson's ever listening to you show off and on since you were hosting guests
on WKAT having followed you through various stations.
You must have enough money to retire.
No, I don't.
Why do you want to do this for four and a half more years?
You should go, oh, listen to this.
You should go snowboarding on Mount McKinley or wherever the hell they have in Canada.
Can you see me going snowboarding?
Oh, right now.
I'm picturing it now.
Now that I think about it, there must be lower power portable transmitters from which
you could broadcast while on the slopes.
Can't you just picture it?
No, I cannot picture it.
Yeah, me on the slopes.
Oh, crazy people.
I miss the sneaky.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, I'm Dr. Neil speaking.
Hey, Neil, subscription based website.
Check out gspn.tv.
The guy has 2,000 people who pay 10 bucks a month and it's all paid in advance.
Yeah, that's an example of it.
Yeah, it's shop by the day by the month.
Gspn1.tv or something like that.
I don't know.
He vanished before I can get the S.
I'm sure you could Google stuff like that.
Gspn.
Yeah.
Well, what is Gspn?
I don't know.
I don't either.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, there.
So, I know.
Well, someday I'm going to punch up one of these and they'll answer right away.
There are.
I don't think since Monday, I've had one call and I've punched it up and right away.
They responded not to do.
WQAM. Hello.
I want George back.
Yeah, except except that.
QAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm a little miss today.
About.
Well, I mean, why can't George go on career build a remaster like the rest of us that are out of work?
He's got to get a prime, you know, spot with you.
That's right.
That's right.
Because I'm better than you.
That's why.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
As opposed to boy, it sure is nice to hear you.
George, boy, we miss you and the audience.
I'm special and you're not.
That's why we do for you.
Can we bring you a bunch of free food and like that?
What's he doing there and prime spot?
I'm going.
I'm going.
I'm good and you're bad and that's why you know, I get good.
Because you're a jackass, sir.
You're an idiot.
You're an imbecile.
You're a simple and you're a loser.
Johnson's mentioned in my last email that Lee is doing okay,
but it sure is great to hear George today.
Hope you are okay, George.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Thanks for answering my email from the past, George.
Happy vacation to Neil.
John and Oakland Park.
You know, John and Oakland Park?
No, not personally.
It knows you.
Well, I guess you mentioned it in the middle.
I'm sure I answer everybody's emails.
If they're worth answering,
well, now I can understand how you do it.
Because now you've got time.
But I mean, before how can you do that?
I'm a multi-talented multitasky kind of guy.
evidently.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
You're my friend.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M.
And I do a lot of that stuff from home, too.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Well, I just want to tell you, I don't know what you're missing
until you've gone.
So I'm glad to hear you guys back together again.
No, that's all I have to say.
Okay, thank you so much.
You're sweet.
Well, he sounded really, I don't know.
Very serious.
Roberts is, Hi, Neil and George.
George, it's great to hear you again.
You are missed.
Could you please explain to us,
Rubes?
What exactly is Ding Dong School?
You'd have to.
It's from Howdy Duty, isn't it?
Yeah.
No, Ding Dong School was a show.
It was on After Howdy Duty.
Oh, okay.
With Francis Hurlwich.
She's the first time I heard that term is you would
make fun of rickensuds and micrineries
and the fact that they would have to sit in with boygary
so that you could...
Right, for Ding Dong School.
Tell them how to do a radio show.
Right.
We all know.
Ding Dong School was a show on the early days of TV
with a fat teacher lady named Francis Hurlwich.
Also, Neil, what if you worked...
See, this is the kind of people we got out there.
Goofballs.
What if you worked Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday
during the summer since you'd still have a four day weekend
every week, just a thought?
It's a bad thought, Robert.
Okay, it's not going to happen.
The answer is no.
No, thanks.
I'm doing exactly what I'm supposed to do.
Okay, it says I supposed to be your Tuesday and Thursday
for certain dates and that's what I'm going to be here.
And we've been doing that for years.
For years.
Boss says this is compelling radio.
Welcome back, George, at least for old times sake.
Would George go to Clear Channel and do right wing hate
with ProGod talk?
That would be compelling.
No.
And then it says good luck, George.
Why not?
You wouldn't sell out like Jimmy Cifullo?
No.
Don't hear from him anymore.
Or anything.
But you're right about the fakes.
That's all crap.
All these emails.
You're right about that.
Yeah, I didn't know.
I really was under the impression that at least a couple of the
fakers were using fake names to disguise their identity
because they actually worked somewhere or knew someone who did.
Well, I know my heart mark is for real.
It's him.
If you say so.
Oh, I think so.
And Ron Brewer has been emailing frantically
last couple of days.
Please, good buddy.
Ron Brewer.
Uh-huh.
Yesterday during the Marlon game,
yesterday was him run in Paul Day at the ballpark.
So the seats were all $10.
You could have gone bowling in most of the stands.
But at any rate, so Ron and Paul were there.
And my luck, I just turned on a game on TV just in time
in between innings to see a rich waltz with Ron and Paul.
Great.
Castronova looks like fat rich and
high boy put together.
Huge humongous.
They must have stuck the same bicycle pump in it
that they stuck in Henry Barrow.
Ballooned up to new heights.
So it's old Ron and fat Paul.
Oh, new.
And they got big numbers, baby.
They got 35 years.
So far, it's 20 years later.
560 Q AM.
Why the you best, Billy?
I miss it so boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with
radio's original bad boy,
who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen, Bernie, I'm a...
Tell that intern us coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning,
see I'm a sly listen to a tape of other people's comedy myths.
Why, by the air?
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin.
You're somebody who passed the press run plays.
I see his wild behind the scenes at it.
I hear some of these different.
I am the I-Man, you are the walrus.
Cook, cook, and chew.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I miss.
He's irreverent.
So I want to deal with Paul.
He's topical.
So I want to deal with his water game, right?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a double represent.
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's...
I've been sent he's boring.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A cable channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations, nobody listens to.
And then somebody gets some fresh jingle.
It's I-Man's.
119-560-WQ on the Dow's down 10 points.
Today doing much today.
It's not moving much.
Adam sends me a caustic email.
Adam's from New York, though, so it's to be expected.
Subject is why.
Why?
You ready?
I'm ready.
I moved out from New York years ago.
I was told you were the cream of the crop here.
To be honest, I'm an avid sports fan and was a WFA en listener.
But my favorite show on the fan was I'mus.
And he's not even a sports host.
That's why I was intrigued by U-I-W-D-Q-A-M.
Admittedly, I listen to Joe Rose and Little Manage.
But those guys don't compare to the guys up there.
I don't know.
Everything in New York is better than any place else, of course.
It's official, isn't it?
Oh, yes.
As for your...
As for your sure, whatever that means, I'm baffled by the so-called success you enjoyed in the past.
Usually I can repeat something funnier memorable for my favorite shows.
I can't be called being able to ever do that after listening to you.
I don't even know who Jim Bell is, nor do I care.
George Sox and he's light years better than the new guy.
I still listened to you, but I don't know why.
Your references are dated and most days you bring nothing to the table.
I guess there's nothing else on down here so you can maintain some semblance of an audience.
I personally would like to see someone younger and hungrier who talks more about topics
than the fat checks they get deposited every few weeks.
One can only hope, says Adam.
Well, thanks for listening at him.
Not...
This is a guy who's a big I'm his fan.
He said, tell you everything you need to know.
QAM Hello.
Okay, that was the last of our compelling calls.
QAM Hello.
Hey, this is Leo.
What?
Is this Leo?
Yeah.
Okay, I was just calling to say it sounds so good to hear George again.
Thank you.
And I'm glad that he's back.
I wish he was back.
He's not back.
I'm visiting.
They just visiting, but are they going to plant up another gathering like a hard rock again
so that people can come and worship him?
No, but no.
If I do something like that, I'll...
That was your one chance.
I'll post it on the website.
I don't have yet.
Hey, come on, Eric.
He said he was going to put a website up there so I could put a blog and update people
about what's going on and everything.
But it exists in name only so far.
Okay, yeah.
I want to know what's going on with you.
It's hard to find out.
I know you don't know about you, but if we miss it, it really sucks to stay in touch with you, George.
And hope you get back on the radio very soon.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Wow.
Cheers a little scratchy, wouldn't she?
A little bit.
Now, how do these phones sound to you?
I'm not talking about the content.
I'm talking about the technical quality.
They sound great.
Actually do.
Sure.
Not on this end.
Everything sounds much better in here.
I think it might be, I don't know, new microphone, new board.
New board.
Right.
I'm wearing headphones.
Nice one.
Did you hear?
I don't know if you were listening when
Fleet was discussing what fix it found about the
technical problems that we were having earlier in a week.
No.
About the sound of the waves and all the crashing.
It was, I was unlistable in Dave County.
What, when the two transmitters were going at the same time?
Yeah, I've heard that.
Yeah, I had two transmitters out at the same time.
Hey, that ought to make it twice as good.
And of course, obviously one was a little bit off-requency on one side of the band.
And the other way, you know, that's probably what the deal was.
Anyway, Chef Sparky says, tell George it's great to hear you on the radio again.
Hey, it's great to hear you on the radio again, George.
Thank you.
Sounds like you guys didn't miss a beat.
George, I can't wait for you to get your own show so we can hear what you really think
of that whole goofball operation.
And they're handling you a meal and even flee.
They're great.
That's because he doesn't have a seventh check yet.
George, I'm curious to know if you either,
if you kick either Clarence or Jolly Joe or both in the nuts that let you go.
No.
George, what's the best way to stay tuned you by email or my space or Facebook or
georgiannearrogers.com?
Thanks for the luck.
By the way, just email.
I forwarded another email to you about satellite or about the internet radio.
Take their pick.
I'm answering everything.
I'm answering my email, the georgiannearrogers.com, my my space, whatever.
Well, they're hard to try to get you on internet radio.
However, that works.
Yeah, I would love to know how it works.
John and Helen, the obit says,
I thought I woke up from a bad dream when I heard George.
To my dismay last month has been a reality.
It made my day to hear George.
I'm looking forward to ding dong school.
Don't let these people know that when they mess with the old guide, you always lose.
It's Friday, you bastards have a great vacation.
George get a job, you lazy spick.
Best of luck to George.
I'll listen wherever you go.
John and Helen, the obit.
Thanks John.
That's sweet.
Thank you so much, John.
Andy in Weston says,
I'm ashamed.
They let go of George.
He's ashamed.
They ought to be ashamed.
Hearing him now makes us realize how much he's missed.
WFTO will make a big mistake if they don't put George on.
Between 640 and 850, they should be able to find a slot for George.
Let's hope it happens.
Did you know that one of your old sidekicks from say-to-days,
Dave Capri does not working with Randy Rhodes on her show.
If he can get a gig, George can.
Love you, Neil Andy in Weston.
Capri is working with a goddess.
How about that?
I don't understand how that works.
What's that all about?
How about that?
No, seriously.
What does that mean?
He's doing what?
I don't know.
Voices?
I know.
Voices?
Didn't he?
Are you sure?
I don't think so.
He does it so.
Yeah, it's on.
Mike says, super stoked to hear George mentioned
in possibility he's going to DJ for the club scene.
Ask George what genre of technique he's playing.
Dance, trance, a little bit of a dubstep,
something modern.
I'm thinking of dabbling with some noise.
And I want to surprise some people with some old school stuff
when they're leased.
George, you do a local technosholy Saturdays or something.
Have a great vacation, Neil Mike.
Thanks, Mike.
Manny from Acapulco is back.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that.
Manny Munoz is the one that was sending all those Jimmy Cifalus ones.
Yes, I heard that.
Did you hear that?
And I think it's true.
Oh, and by the way, I know that you debated it,
although Flea has vacillated back and forth.
He's positive that that long, hostile,
psychotic email that I forwarded you was from the real PD Lenny,
even though he denies it.
Okay.
And he got called in on the carpet for it too, by the way.
Well, you know, crazy people.
Good guy.
Exactly.
Good guy crazy people have their moments of craziness.
And I'm pretty damn sure he said all that.
I mean, have you ever seen anything like that in your life?
Yeah.
We're working on this show.
We get a lot of emails like that.
Not like that one.
Well, not all pink.
Wink fog.
Crazy capital letters.
And the fleeces, that's how he sends all his emails.
We're lots of big capital letters and the screaming and yelling and hollering.
Nevertheless, he's been very helpful to me.
Well, that's good.
I still think he's a crazy person.
Well, me too.
The fake Philan poppano says great to hear you again.
George, no disrespect to Flea,
but I for one miss you guys on the air together.
Hope you land in a good and prosperous place.
George Muchogusto says fake Philan poppano.
Thanks Phil.
Muchogusto.
See.
And I'm even cleaning up after myself over here.
Oh my god.
Fake fleas are now sending me in the stuff.
Cut the crap.
Well, I did see him tap it away over here in his blackberry,
so maybe that's the real flea.
Paul in North Miami Beach says to change the subject,
want to laugh?
Mickey Katz was the English comedian in the late 50s
who spoofed popular songs in the day in the year.
She, I know, used to play stuff on the air.
He had to hear his rendition of
they be crocket, dovid crocket, go to YouTube.
Now I'm not going to go to YouTube.
I'm not going to type in anything.
I heard those before you were born, Paul,
in North Miami Beach.
Oh my god.
Mickey Katz was the father of Joel Gray
and the grandfather of Jennifer Gray,
a talented Mishbohra.
Well, what does that have to do with anything?
Mickey Katz.
714 on the pole, then we decide that that was
Krayloods or something else.
Remember we stand at debate?
What drug 714 was on?
Right.
Krayloods.
Now what?
What's your take on the show?
I miss George, 255, 36%.
I love the calls being back, 86.
Yeah, they're special.
It's fine, 78.
It's okay, 72.
It's great, 60, 57.
It's weak, 54.
What show, 46?
It's compelling, 43.
It's a disaster, 23.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Uncultured, it's for you.
Why are you wasting?
Well, she once was the attorney general.
You're fair.
When she was in charge, it was business as usual.
She's once a woman and a limiter, that's noble.
Amazement is well now all of the Democrats are loving her.
Ever since she said she might run for governor.
Well, there's just one question I'd like to ask her.
Oh, why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Where you gotta lick, push if you wanna take control.
Oh, 133, 27, 02, 05, 60, WQM.
George has been with us for a long time today.
Not long enough, though.
Well, I'm almost done with my project over here.
You aren't, want to do a little bit of a test?
Sure.
Name a song.
Name a song?
How about, um, uh, oh, geez.
I'm in a key store by a Prokoharam.
One moment, please.
It's still scanning, so.
Like I got that.
Could you be more vague?
What do you mean?
Well, that's pretty vague song.
I don't think it's found it yet.
No, it hasn't gotten to the Prokoharam yet.
So like I said, I still got work to do.
A lot of stuff in here, though, already.
Yeah, and, and so, and so, going on point.
And so when you're looking for songs,
flea can play them, though.
Or we'll be able to.
Oh, you got it.
Yeah, right.
Thanks to chicken, I got it.
And I discovered this week when I got to this,
if they say,
Conquisted Door, which just, I don't know,
leaves me kind of limp.
Do you ever have anybody say,
Conquisted Door?
Just as bored.
Oh, well, you will now.
If you listen closely.
That's strange.
Yes, it is.
Conquisted Door?
Well, at any rate,
nobody's perfect.
Even Prokoharam.
I like them a lot, though.
Me too.
And me?
Huh?
Me too.
They were like a flash.
The Dow is down 13 and a half points.
There's that little kid again,
getting the excuse from school from El Presidente.
I'm sure you've seen that a hundred times, right?
Right.
Please excuse her from school.
She's with me, uh,
Barack Obama, et cetera.
725 votes on the pool.
And so far, you are just kicking ass.
All of these calls, I, I'd be honest with you.
I'm getting like a heart murmur
from trying to work the phones here on this setup.
It gives me spielkeys because they just,
like now, you see, line one will ring.
Two through six, two through seven will never ring.
Well, six does isolated.
WQA M. Hello.
I hear voices.
Yeah, huh?
WQA M. Hello.
Hey.
He was fairly quiet until you showed up.
Yes, sir.
George.
Yeah.
Um, give us CDs with builds,
get some and different sounds and stuff.
Yeah.
You still have those.
I got a couple.
I don't, I don't get a whole of them.
I don't know how much you don't.
Excuse me?
100 bucks.
I need money.
I'm unemployed.
I'm selling them.
I'll have to buy that for you and get copies.
You know, I don't have to.
Okay, well, if you get copies,
you get out of all the things.
I don't want to get this.
How are you going to send me that?
You're going to give me this.
Here's a guy that's unemployed.
It's got a family to feed.
And we got people calling shnawing around for CDs and crap.
Jesus, God, what a crowd.
I just can't believe it.
And all these people give me instructions about how I should have done this.
And I should do that.
And the meantime,
I don't see them bringing you a new car.
Nope.
I don't see them driving up with a new car
in a big bag full of money of 50s and hundreds.
No, they're not.
And when they had that bash for you at the hard rock,
I mean, you would have thought that some people would have brought you some
something.
I don't know.
Some checks or something.
Something something.
Right.
Did they?
No.
Nothing?
Well, drugs.
Well, well, for going to buy a new car,
I'm not sure about that.
I mean, I went through them really quickly.
And I'm sure of that.
Bring them some new drugs.
Okay.
More.
Crying out loud.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey guys.
How you doing?
Yo, yeah.
Sir.
Hey, uh,
George, good to hear your voice.
Good to hear yours too.
Billy from Shulas.
Oh, hey, Billy.
Uh, I just wanted to get your email.
Was that still George at mail labgers.com?
That works.
That's it.
Uh, K-O-R-G-E.
See.
So once again.
Yes.
Okay.
My offer still stands if you want to come in for dinner.
Okay, great.
Uh, I'll email you so you know it's legit.
Okay.
Thanks, Billy.
Take care.
All right.
That's the free meeting.
That's what you ought to be doing.
Taking the whole family for free dinners.
I mean, you know, it's one thing if you're working
and you have no shame.
I don't want to mention any names in the business.
People are snore for free food.
Uh, like Burton Jaxx would long out of business.
But anyway, when you're not working and you know,
you got no paycheck coming in.
Now what about unemployment?
How fast did that start coming in?
I'll let you know what I get it.
You haven't got it yet?
No.
My social security showed up again.
Let's see, uh, Wednesday.
Every month like clockwork on the second Wednesday of the month
it shows up in my account.
Not exciting?
Not a lot.
No?
No, not enough to live off.
I'm not enough to buy you a car.
Oh well.
How's that car coming by the way?
The way the wind had jewel promised you to do in the eye
and to drive like a giant?
No, George, just before we fire you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Drives like a dream.
Remember what I told you way back three and a half years ago?
Yep.
Was I right?
Yeah, you were.
I told you.
I mean, I mean, I've had a hundred percent.
Even Thai Cobb and Baby Ruth never met a thousand, you know.
But I got a pretty good batting average
when it comes to sniffing out the, uh, swill.
Sniffing out the swill.
If you cared about the show, you'd work more in the summer.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, you do.
Does the term emotional cripple come to mind?
And sure comes to mind.
Oh, me!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again, hunts.
Neil God!
Looking to play with poop,
but not wanting to shut down your local light rail system?
Try poop dough.
From the makers of Play-Doh,
poop dough brings the fecal fun once enjoyed only by
psychotic homeless people to the comfort of your home.
You can bounce it down the floor like a ball
and follow the brown dots to find it.
Or flatten it out, press it on a newspaper,
and watch the image disappear in a delicate smear.
It's endless fun for everyone.
I'm your sleep.
I'm your sleep.
Poo-toe.
It's fecalicious, available in three colors.
Backed or brown, Dissensary Dirt, and Montezuma's Revenge.
Okay, 17-02.
I never had any fecal fun.
I'm actually not too, um, flee on Monday.
You don't do anything fecal fun?
I guess I'm a star in that family.
No, I just don't know how to have fun.
Apparently.
Ron says, great-year George,
Pam, for his visit,
give him your wood by the money,
you degenerate gambling schmuck.
Just the winnings, not the losings.
Oh, boy.
Didn't have any winnings last night.
In fact, I would rather have written you the check
for how much I lost last night.
I was a bad bad night.
I was winning and I didn't leave.
When you get greedy,
you don't leave.
That's a bad mistake.
That's the key to success.
I lose.
There's no way to leave.
It's like an owning Mahoney.
Remember he had the table filled with all those chips?
Right.
And the black kid was telling him,
he better leave now, mister, whatever his name was.
Was his name Mahoney?
I think so.
Coincidence?
Yeah.
And he didn't leave and he lost it all and then some more.
Now that's a good movie.
You don't want to turn me on to that, Floor.
That's right.
It was good.
Did you ever see the neighbor with Rod Sierling?
Yeah.
We talked about Roder before.
Roder, I was saying that Rod Sierling.
We talked about that before.
We did?
Yeah.
Floor hasn't seen it.
No, nobody in the audience has seen it.
And I'm just every time it's on the cable,
I can't stop watching it.
I think it's a good flick and he's just great in there.
And you didn't like doubt?
I didn't.
You know how I have an issue with the movies and endings
and it's got to have one.
Don't leave me hanging.
Yeah.
I thought it was really great until they didn't resolve the ending.
I have doubt.
Yeah.
I had doubt that I saw him.
You're supposed to.
When the movie is over, you're still supposed to want to like see.
I wonder if he really did.
Yeah.
Well, when I meet the director, I'll kick him in the nuts
for not finishing the movie for me.
I don't want questions at the end of a movie.
I want answers.
Oh, here's Old Man Bush parachuting again.
And the damn thing didn't open.
Oh, nice.
And thank you.
Oh, my God.
George Herbert Walker parachuting again.
Maybe he's got a death wish.
His son sure had a death wish for the country and for the world.
I'll tell you that.
First key is back.
You know, first key.
Yep.
She came and saw you with the hard rock.
She's sweet.
Was she?
Yes.
His high Neil and George wanted to say how nice it is to hear George
again and was really nice meeting him at the hard rock party.
Hope he gets a show soon he deserves it.
Just thought I would throw my two cents in.
We were discussing earlier the origin of the expression two cents.
Yeah, I heard that.
It was still in the term of British thing.
You know, anything it's like goofy and makes no sense.
It's probably British.
So anyway, you were saying about Manny Munoz.
You heard that he was the one who was sending all that Jimmy Stifleus crap.
Yeah, cutting and pasting other people's pictures pretending to be other people.
All of these things.
Yeah, well, we know he's a that kind of person.
That's maybe he's the one that sent the PD to anything.
Could be.
He's crazy enough to orchestrate some crap like that.
Anyway, many from Al Capucco are Mando Canas Farron.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, Neil, what kind of idiots would they accept you working two days out of the
weekend paying you for five?
If I were Joe Bell, I tell you, you're only going to get paid for the days you work
and your pay will be doctor every time you're out sick.
The summer schedule yours is a slap in the face of your loyal audience.
Oh, yeah.
And if you think you have low weightings now, just wait to get back from the summer
schedule yours.
You'll need a microscope to find them.
Maya, how the mighty have fallen sad says Manny from Accapulco.
Oh, it's so sad.
What am I going to do?
I'm doing okay.
And George evidently is doing okay either in spite of it all.
I got about another month before I have to start panhandling on the
computer there before my reserves run out.
Well, that, you know, the the severance check once I get that, that'll give me some more time.
Now, how many weeks did they give in here?
Can I ask two months?
Two months?
Yeah.
That was all part of my career.
Well, your pay schedule has to keep you going another day or two.
That's right.
Oh, the expender.
Wow.
So he came in and shook your hand the jolly one twice now.
Twice?
Yeah, he came back for more and said what?
That I can come back and work for free anytime I want.
So it's not your work that you didn't like.
It's the pay.
It's how much I was getting paid, which, uh, yeah, nobody's gotten that right yet.
Oh, this thing from the fake flee.
I don't.
Oh, you know, I never got around to this.
X NBC anchor Joel Connibal sued the station over termination.
There you go.
Former WTBJ NBC six anchor Joel Connibal is sued the station,
claiming it breached his employment contract by firing him for a pretextual and non-material reason.
Connibal's lawsuit filed last week in Broward Circuit Court alleges a termination
came after he had planned a brief vacation with some co-workers at the risk
Carlton Hotel in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands.
In an interview, Connibal said the trip was arranged by his producer.
A hotel representative offered to comp their rooms, Connibal said,
but he immediately emailed a hotel to say they couldn't accept
because it would violate station policy.
Connibal instead gave his personal credit card information to pay for the room charges.
The suit says, but he later canceled the vacation to avoid any appearance of
impropriety on his part.
The NBC didn't advise him of any such improprieties.
Connibal was fired April 27 about a week after he planned to go on the trip.
His suit seeks unspecified damages.
NBC never made it especially clear why I was fired.
He said they just said I violated company policy.
He added his contract for a credit card to be notified and writing for any alleged breach of the contract.
How do you like that?
Law suit.
Craig, it's a suit.
It's a suit.
Remember those days?
I sure do.
It's a suit.
It's a suit.
Oh boy.
Could we write a book?
So what do we just to give you an update?
My project is complete except for the the medium-unkey scanning all the files into the library.
So Lee will have the ability to play pretty much anything that that you can name and uh.
What's he been doing this whole time that you've been on?
Well, he he's been sitting here.
He's been taking care of a lot of business.
He's been getting a lot of work done.
He got me lunch.
From Tonys.
Oh, I can't say that.
Why not?
We paid.
That's ready paid for it.
He paid for it.
That's right.
Oh, well, we can say it then.
Tonys over there on an up-to-street.
193rd and 441.
Johnson's hope you enjoy your vacation and we'll miss you when you're not on the air.
Do I spell your sidekicks name flee with an E or with an A?
However you want.
E.
Can't stand people with those phony names.
Damn, God!
He's cool and your show still rules for me.
If you go to Florida, hope you get a thousand point,
thousand dollar spin on Hard Rock Wheel of Fortune.
Yeah, good luck.
When you go to Woodbine, hope you get nine quick hits with Maximum Bet.
PS Volka Bryan song did air the words D-bag,
but I would just tell Joyce that it was Manfred Mann in the word was Duce.
It was Duce-bagged.
Have a fun summer, Neil, and thanks to John and Oakland Park.
Thanks, John.
And La Bastard continues trying desperately to, you know, suck me into a radio war.
Oh, that's right.
I can't talk about that because you might want to work it over there.
They're great.
So did you bond with Stu Gotts when he went over there?
We haven't run into each other yet,
but we've spent a good amount of time on the phone.
We were always friends when he was working here.
We never had a bad moment.
When he was working there and he didn't belong any other,
like he doesn't belong any over there.
And then he went, he's always stayed friendly.
And he's a big and favor of me going over there.
As a matter of fact, he's my biggest ally in the building right now.
Really? Stu Gotts?
Yep.
Oh, you're in trouble.
All right, maybe.
Nick says just tune in, heard George's voice,
how wonderful, please okay.
So in other words, please okay, but he ain't no you.
Okay.
Here's one that says Gotts has said at George's back for visit
that I brushed the cobwebs off the phone,
tried for two hours to make my first call
of the show in 10 years, no success.
But I'm still squeezing it anyway in the phone too.
Yeah, these phones are just totally screwed up.
As you've noticed, how spacious they are.
Yeah, what else is in them?
All the best, George.
You sound five day and in good spirits.
Please try to get that website blog up so our shleppers
can keep track of how it'd be going.
The chronic and cocoa.
That's Russell.
Remember Russell?
Yep.
How could you forget?
Oh yeah, here's here's some advice from gambling advice
from Mr. Highly.
Don't lose your ass on vacation.
And remember, max credits.
Hope you have a job to come back to.
Yeah, I'll be here.
Of course, I was mentioning to Flea before
that when you go away on vacation,
that's in this business.
That's very often when the hanky panky goes on behind the scenes.
That's right when people go on vacation.
That's when they'll replace you with, uh,
Stu Watt's name.
Stu Gotts?
Stu Watt's name.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, Drew.
What's his name?
Oh, Drew, Drew Z.
Yeah.
What do you mean they replaced me?
Oh, isn't that how it works?
You go on vacation?
I don't understand.
And they replace you with that guy.
With Drew Z?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
No.
Oh, not that one.
Oh, Drew Rosennows.
Right.
He did a spot yesterday that's still going on on Joe's show.
He did a spot that if it wasn't for a hundred minutes,
I mean, it just went on and on.
And then that was it.
That was the end of the segment, like this is the end of ours.
Well, it's great having you back with us,
even if it's only for a day.
Do it again, please.
I might.
And I have to pay you it.
Maybe three or four times what they paid you today.
I want to be a sponsor of the George Rodriguez show.
Or hey at NeilRodgers.com.
Okay.
All the best.
Thanks.
See you.
Bye.
Oh, no.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Well, here we go again, man.
It's day.
If I am a town.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
At five six o' w-c-a-l.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
Yeah.
H-s-t-o-s and t-ts is funky.
Women call, they can look real funky.
He has a whiz whiz.
And knows what to do.
He wants me and me.
Don't you?
He lives on queer street.
Here at four, where all the creatures meet.
I wonder what they're doing is there.
He'd that be like a just fine.
Oh, thank you.
If you know Jews, he'd like I know Jews.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's around on queer street.
He has a house and a house.
Bye, bye, bye.
