The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts guess what is it?
I do not reflect those of the people.
Leafs suck by the way.
Pulling it.
They blow.
They blow.
They blow.
I'm a key man.
I am a...
...for the Lutter Bell.
Oh!
560WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Detalk to Neil, dial 56050560 in Dave and Broward.
In other cases, you're in court for game on.
87775 Neil.
We'll game with that one.
Oh, whatever.
He owns a V-Payton and Verizon Wireless phones.
Sorry.
I thought we knew it was time.
Everybody's taking a pay cut at QAM.
Do not worry about those of WQAM.
Come on, Z-Cov!
Oh my God!
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560WQAM.
Hey, cut.
Hey, Joe, cut the crap.
Oh, what a bad egg!
Oh, what a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
What a bad egg!
Hey, Clinton!
Hey, Clinton!
Why are we never gonna make it today?
that bit. Anyway, here's an email to get started. And before I read the email, let me just
refer man George on the air. You bastard, you go, whatever. I mean, this is so stupid.
You could do better than that. Hey, Neil, I'll reveal all my accounts if you refer
man George on the air. Refer man George for what? I mean, what does that mean? And then
it says, I think you'll be shocked, slas disappointed. No, I won't be shocked or disappointed
because whatever you're going to reveal is going to just be another fake name anyway.
Right. Right. Just amazing. Like you said before the show, the internet is just a, it's
a meeting and greeting place for misfits. That's what it's, I'm not saying that there isn't
some worthwhile stuff on there because there is, but certainly generally speaking, the
I have no life proud, meet and greet and tweet on the internet. So there you go. I
reprimanded George. You were a suck on the air and you're a bad person and you're a grave
robber and you want that free car and blah, blah, blah, blah and I reprimanded George.
All true. Now we feel all your accounts and shocking disappointment. Okay. John Z here.
This is the guy who yesterday, the only, the only email I can remember. There's been
a couple with that email address was the one about, well, sports casters are, ex jocks
are great because they, you know, they know what's inside the head of the players. And
that's why people love hearing. I said, no, they don't. No, they don't over the years
of broadcasting sports events. Most people, I think, would tell you they enjoy hearing
great sports casters. People who are articulate people who make the game exciting, you know,
like a party. Right. Like that. Oh, yeah. It's a goal. It's a goal. Oh, wow. Here's the
poll from yesterday on the polls. We've already, I've already removed it. Should Neil
Schmidt can the polls? No, I love them. Formed in these 483 63.3%. Reverb, they love
them. They don't like them. They love them. Hey, you better cut it out, Mr. I'm sorry.
Don't worry. I'm here right now. I dare you. Well, I also, by the way, for that Phil
Arck Jackass, who's one of the worst, probably the same one as the John ZTR. I got that article
in my pile about the Orthodox Rabbi, my luster. I got it in my pile and, you know, the, the
reason that we don't have more stories about Orthodox rabbis or any other rabbis, most
thing children is because there aren't more stories about it because there's so few
Jews where I mean, where how many Catholics are in the world like two billion, something
like that? Yeah, a lot. And there's a handful of millions Jews in the world. So, you know,
it just goes to show you an addition of which rabbis are allowed to get married. Right.
So they're not forced into this totally a bizarre, right, supposedly no comparison.
Chased lifestyle. We're only the altarpois get chased. No, I love them. The polls.
Rural 83 WTF 132. Yes, Schmidt can him for a while, 85. And yes, permanently 62 only
8%. Well, I don't got one on there right now. So we haven't Schmidt can them yet. No, Schmidt
can him Schmidt can him. Yeah, Schmidt on you. I think we should have two or three at the
same time. That's a great idea. You come up with all the, all the new ones. Keith says,
Oh, this is on the new poll. Well, here's the new one before we keep it. Because otherwise,
we won't mean anything. Right. Let's see, by the way, if this person has revealed
themselves, so I'm shocked and dismayed. No, I don't see it. Oh, God. Here's our good friend,
Captain Singh, hemmed able to listen to show regularly as of late. Just wondering if you caught
the movie slum dog millionaire. No, it takes place in my home country of India. We saw before
the devil knows you're dead and enjoyed it thoroughly. Thanks for the recommendation.
Take care next time you're in Miami Beach. Please stop by Mindy's news 209 71st read. Okay,
Captain Singh. Maniana, I'll see. Let's see. Here's one. Hey, Neal, do you think any one person
getting caught or admitting the smoking weed might change our current laws? No, I do not.
No, I do not. Because if you go to president's back, he admitted the smoking course he didn't
inhale, but nevertheless, no, it's a it's a cottage industry, the DEA. It's big, big business,
and a whole lot of people would lose their jobs. If they quit down with a stupid useless drug laws
in America, it's just our cake and stupid and waste of time. Anyway, like I said, I was going to
get to the poll. I don't see you. I'm not shocked in this media, even though I recommended George
on the year. I don't see John ZTR. I do a very good job. I'm not convinced. Well, I don't care.
The whole thing is stupid. 149 votes if you could wave a magic wand and change
the chronically bad habits of South Florida drivers, it would be, oh, I got to I got to print this out.
Yeah, well, no, because I got to read it. I don't want to read it off the
voted for that red light business. Yeah, I did too. Not that they don't all are worthy on here.
All these options. How many people have gotten killed because they made a turn. They didn't
just because they assumed their light was green that meant that the person going the other way
on the red light was going to stop. They don't assume anything. Right. And don't also not assume.
Also, don't assume that somebody stopped in their section with their blinker on is necessarily
going to or approaching in their section is going to turn right. Can't assume anything.
And especially don't assume they're going to turn the direction that they're pretending they're
going to turn the looted takes. It's hopeless. They're all a bunch of morons 59 generally driving
like an A hole 535 failure to use turn signals 12 red light running 11. That's the one red light
running driving in the rain with your hazard lights on nine only really stupid stupid people do that
locking intersections and traffic seven tailgating seven cutting into emerging lane at the last
minute three shooting at the other motorists three giving the finger reflexively one failure to
stop at stop signs one failure to yield the yield signs one parking anywhere you like simply by
turning your hazard lights on none. So Keats as I voted for or actually against the jerks driving
along in the rain with their hazard lights on those are for emergencies. No. If driving in the rain
is considered an emergency then they should not be driving. Well, that's like half of the people
there's and like 75% of the people here should not be driving. Right. Sometimes I wish I had a
bebe gun so I could blast out the lights. Good thing I don't own one. One that's not on the list
people driving slow in the left lane. We're refusing to move over and let someone buy over now key.
Well, I don't think we're adding any more choices. Are we? I mean, people driving to slow period we
could add that whatever you want people driving too slow. A lot of them freaking slow. They aren't
involved in most of the accidents. They just cause them people driving extreme as people driving
way too slow and way too fast. These are the people need to be shot and some of the road take
take their car because you know a lot of people like George can't afford a new car right now.
So I guess those pay cuts that's the big meeting yesterday at four o'clock. I guess it's not a secret
because I asked and nobody said to me, oh don't talk about it on the year. Cross the board 5%
pay cut and that that's for everybody who hasn't already had a massive pay cut like me like 50%.
Right. So all the rest of you slipper is who are getting a 5% pay cut. Don't feel so back because
they have 50% 50% pay cut because times are bad. I still think that a lot of this all this
gnashing of teeth and a lot of this layoffs and firings. This is a part of a scam. I agree.
Like all of a sudden everybody went broke. We woke up on every gas. Everybody's mortgage was a
scam. Everybody got their house repaired. I didn't have a variable rate. Got nothing to do with me.
Are you knocking these poor sluppers now? Yeah. Well yeah, I'm going to reprimand you again. Maybe they'll
get the uh yeah. Oh wait a minute. Let me see. You know I still don't have anything more from
uh no. Maybe he's busy creating a new email account right now. Here is a uh our ace is I tried
Bluebell ice cream last night. It's delicious. Maybe the best ice cream ever. It is freaking $7 for
a half gallon. I may have to stick with the second or third best ice cream ever though. Or start
making more money. Bluebell it's in the stores now. Oh here you go. We wish to notify you again.
We're listed as beneficiary of the total sum of 15. 15 million 600 thousand uh British pounds. Okay
good. Good for you. Oh the fake Adam Kirschner is back. That must be uh John was ETR again.
Whatever happened to the Yahoo from W. West being Atlanta. You used to always talk about David Paul.
I don't know and I don't care. And either there's anybody else. Nobody cares.
Probably Mike Disney doing those fake emails. He doesn't have much to do over there. Wouldn't you think?
That's a good point. Yeah probably Disney. He's probably in a in a stupor already.
By the time our show starts. So. Driving around Miami yesterday saw that they closed
Macy's office down. Who are later they let go 700 employees. I guess they won't be
considering the application employment I put in after I was laid off last week. You guys have
the best you want to radio. Let me know if. If you are having one. Oh let me know if you're hiring.
No we're not hiring. Not only are we not hiring, Korney. We're cutting everybody back. We're
laying off. We're firing. For the pool. How about drivers blasting their stereos? No.
That's small potatoes. Plus then that turns into a punk and racial kind of a thing.
Like Paco he's got to crank up the radio. Especially when he stopped at a stoplight and got the
window rolled down. You know try to impress everybody. He's listening to this really really
hip music and I'll crack it up. Great poll today says J.P. I live in California, New York,
Florida and Florida drivers are the worst. I'm in the car most of the day for work.
Fear for my life every day. Well that's right. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Oh here we go. From the fake Tom jicke again. Let me say it again.
For this John YZ, whatever his name is. If you're going to fake somebody don't fake jicke
because he and I have a code. So I know it's the real Tom jicke. So just you know,
too obvious. Here's Oishmoy. Yes the polls are good. What will we listen to if the polls were gone?
Rabbis are usually not child molesters and Jews in general do not molest children.
The Catholics would really come after us if we horned it on their favorite sport. Good point.
That's not a good point. The point is that it's a numbers game. There's only an addition to which
when you let people get married they're not the busy molesting children. It doesn't attract the kind
of people that the priesthood does. That is correct. Because your average Joe and Saul and the
Harry out there they want to do it. They want to do the old sports court. Right.
At least sick twisted individuals. That's right. You want to be in the priesthood?
That's a foul fraternity. Put on those dresses. Uh huh. Take showers naked with the
altar boys. Put on those gay ass puff pastry hands. So the fake Tom jicke says there have been quite a
few rumors. A later regarding the fate of popular Miami progressive talk station W. I. and Z.
And now the rumors are heating up even further.
Last week I mentioned that quite a few clear channel outlets are flipping to Fox Sports fed
sports outlets. W I. and Z was mentioned by several sources as a possibility.
And in fuel to the fire is the fact that the current Fox sports outlet for South Florida WFTL 640 AM
was informed that Fox stuck a deal with on the local station to pick up the affiliation.
The moves likely to go down in March. See the fake Tom jicke is pretending to be upset that
Barry scooped him on the story, which is not unusual. W I. and Z's formats, which means the Miami
four-lawed oil market will have five all sports stations, including W. Q. M. and seven-nightly
of the ticket. The station currently enjoys decent ratings. I. and Z typically maintaining a 1.5
overall share in the arbitrarian ratings. That makes it the fourth most popular AM station in the market.
That is really heavy duty. Greg H. you. In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows
best. Now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return
of Father knows best. Step into the confessional Billy. I don't know father this makes the 47th
time I've been in there this week. Oh Billy you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah but
does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best it's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got
a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. All right Billy boy it's
time for your flute lesson. But father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make it a noise.
Oh it will Billy it will. Father knows best once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why
you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Saint Peter. Father knows best going to church may not
seem very entertaining but there really is something funny going on here. Oh they're sure as
1018 at 560 WQAM happy Wednesday to you what's that schedule look like today old man well here it is
to a clock you got the big oh with his 1.1 share he really is doing it. Uh 4 to 70 got mad dog at the
Bank of United Center. Oh wait you went back United Center. Oh that's an anticipation of that
basketball game that four or five people will be listening to. Let me tell you jolly joe you can have
all the conference calls and all the meetings you want. There is no great mystery as to what you
guys have done to this radio station. You can talk about the signal you can talk about this you can
talk about that the fact that matter is you put on some real serious absolutely unlistenable. That's
right. Speaking of that 7 o'clock hurricane's warm-up 730 you ended wake forest all right followed by
the DA show. Nice guy no numbers. Yeah. Oh point. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. If you're looking for
a that's DA. Even George ripped him before the show today off the air of course. Yeah.
So how that meeting go yesterday everybody's going to take it a 5% pay cut unless so now and you
still don't know if that includes use since I thought you had a 3% pay raise. Yeah that's my thought too.
So does that mean you're you're minus two plus three and minus five. I don't know. You don't know.
I don't know. Well then you speak up. I mean you usually have a big mouth. I usually do.
Didn't you speak up and say does that include me? You know. No no no I just sat there on the floor.
I just sat there at the floor on the floor quietly.
And the continuing saturation of reality shows the VS channel versus has a new show starting next week
the jockies. No Schmidt what's next the jock strap. I think that might be pretty interesting
about the jockies. Especially if hobby or cost a lot of it just in style or in that show but
naked. Okay here's one before I get to that story about the child molesting rabbis.
No you guys don't give a crap about audience opinions regarding George. This is from Jerry somebody
but since he's the subject of a lot of hate lately here's my opinion. George is not bad.
I listen and have worked in radio a little so I listen to a lot of on air talent.
George's challenge is that he fills in for you and you're a tough act to follow.
It would be like a good backup quarterback filling in for marino.
As good as the backup is the main guy sets the bar high. When George is on the immediate thought is
he's not kneel. I think people who keep saying George sucks blah blah blah really saying
he sucks compared to you. I listen from ten to two regardless. Says Jerry.
Thank you Jerry. George is not bad. He didn't say you're good but he said you're not bad.
I'm going to recommend you one more time and see if I get a response from John ZTR is going to
be shocked and disappointed. Maybe if I get on the email shocks or disappoints.
Right. Because the whole thing is turned into the longest pointing. It's all crap.
If you're expecting any useful input in South Florida man you must be dreaming.
Well let's see here's who sent me this. Says I had to send you this even though I'm a real
smart to wear as you call us. I'm totally ashamed and embarrassed by this and other stories.
What I find frightening is if you read the comments that come along with this story you see near
universal recognition that there is a problem. If so then why are these pedophiles not fired from
their jobs and run out of town. Unfortunately too many people have this attitude that it's better
to shut up than confront the problem. And it's got a picture of Joe DiAngelo 28 formerly Joel
Deutsch. Well that's interesting. He's got an Italian name now and he was formerly Joel Deutsch.
Photographed near his old neighborhood in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. When he told his parents
of sexual abuse by a rabbi they turned away from him. He no longer has any contact with his
family. In other words they are really far-bison. Joel Angleman and Joe DiAngelo are driving
through their old Brooklyn neighborhood. Williamsburg is a place from another time and country.
The shop signs here are in Hebrew. The men's screed by and long black coats. Their hair hangs in
corkscrew curls. Mirried women wear wigs to cover their heads. Oy Angleman and DiAngelo haven't
been here in years. They just met a few weeks ago but as they begin swapping stories names of
family members they realize they have a lot in common. Both men are in their 20s. Both are raised
as strict as civic Jews and both lead their upbringing for the same reason. Are you ready for
this Angleman as DiAngelo glancing at his friend in the back seat? Yeah DiAngelo says his breath
quickening. Yeah I'll do it just a quick pass by. DiAngelo grows quiet as we approach a
nondescript brownstone building a synagogue. A shul. See the Hebrew sign he says pointing you go
downstairs that's where the mikvah is. The mikvah is a bathhouse usually used by women for ritual
cleansing. I didn't know the rabbis went to the baths but in some hasty communities like this one
fathers bring their young sons and Friday afternoon before Shabbos begins. 21 years ago when he was
seven DiAngelo recalls going to the mikvah with his father and fighting the place packed with
naked men and boys. Oh boy. And I was in the tub had my back turned and somebody raped me while I was
in the water he says he takes a shaky breath. I didn't know what happened. I couldn't make sense of it
really. DiAngelo says he never saw the man who abused him. These days monitors are posted by the
baths to stop any sexual activity but back then the boy was on his own. He told no one but began
refusing to go to the mikvah. He left Orthodox Judaism when he was seventeen and changed his name
from Joel Deutsch and cut almost all ties with family and friends. Now DiAngelo wears black leather
and mass scarrow. He plays in a rock band and takes refuge in the heavy metal lyrics of Metallica.
There are so many songs you know they have a latest song which is called Broken Beaton in
Scarred and one of the verses is they scratch me they scrape me they cut it and they raped me. He
laughs whirly and there's my life right there when I listen to it it gives me strength. For these two
men this is a tour through aching secrets and violent memories. DiAngelo and Angloman are unusual
because they let their names be used but they believe that sexual abuse is woven throughout this
Hacidic community. For Angloman the loss of innocence came at school. This is it right here he says.
Oh this goes on at life but I'll read the whole thing because I don't want to get the oh cues
of you know cutting it short like it my birth cutting it short. Is that what happened?
For Angloman the loss of innocence came at school. This is it right here he says he
parks his car across from the United Tel-Mutica Academy a Hawking building on a desolate street.
This was the Yashiva or Jews boy school that Angloman attended Angloman when he was eight years old
sitting in Hebrew class one day when he was called to the principal's office when he arrived he says
Rabbi Abraham Rashman told him to close the door. He mentioned for me to get on his lap as soon as
I got on the chair he would swivel the chair from right to left continuously then he would start
touching me while talking to me. He would start at my shoulders and work his way down to my genitals.
Angloman said are you bleeping me out? I'm going to chastise you again I'm going to like you know
and then maybe I'll get the information the bogus information from John and the ZTR whatever they
Angloman says this occurred twice a week for two months he told no one for more than a decade.
Rashman was after all a revered Rabbi. Four years ago he told his parents any year ago and he heard
that Rashman allegedly abused several other boys they confronted Reichman when the school heard about
if they gave the Rabbi a polygraph. He failed miserably Angloman says so they told me the guy has gone the
guy's got to go but a few weeks later a religious leader from the school approached Angloman's mother Pearl
he posed an astonishing question on a scale of one to ten how bad was the molestation?
How bad was it on a scale of one to ten? Oh it was only a one it was pretty good.
She was speechless then she says the man continued we found out there was no skin to skin contact
that it was through clothing so he's telling me on a scale of one to ten this was maybe a two or
three so what's the big fuss? The school hired Rashman back that was July 2000 either week after
Joel Angloman turned something 20 year one and could no longer bring a criminal or a civil case
against the Rabbi. Let's do the break and then we'll continue with assorted tale.
Oh no sorry we're gonna believe that. Oh that's my fault I didn't remind you that's right
you have to hide your story. Okay I'm admonishing you. Father O'Toole, God.
Absolutely.
Oh
Oh
As time went by his earthly needs compromised his choice it found a way to get really
by altering young boys by the root of
Oh
It was happy to get till he got caught by some title tell them the Vatican paid everyone off and he
had to go to jail father O'Toole, hey man
Bump pulling food
Oh
They sent him to a priest retreat where they genulect and pray you prayer if it was you or it was made
They'd lock us up and throw the keys away father O'Toole, hey man
Bump pulling food
Oh
Father O'Toole, altering boys and they father O'Toole, hey man
Bump pulling food
Oh
Father O'Toole, hey man
1032 at 560 W2M so they ran an EBS test during the beginning of my reading of that story about the
pedophile rabbis those bastards. Yeah, now to Zekko over the error is that just on the internet's
I think she goes over the air it does as far as I'm starting it all over again. Okay, it's too long of a story
I got to I got to pick it up where I left off right. Oh no start from the beginning again. Yeah screw you
How do you like that sir? I'll tell you what let's keep running EBS test every time I start that
And then they'll take us right up till two o'clock. We're gonna say all right. I'll get a thing
First before I finish that story Kevin and four Lauders. They all says today is my birthday
So I guess he's is sucking around for one of the one of those one of these it's here somewhere
There it is
He says after eight years of lies have truths and obfuscations
We finally have a chief executive with the testicular 4 to 2 to the minimum mistake
Although I'm sure Fox Fing up noxia xenophobes and their illiq will take note of this as a sign of weakness
At least no one ended up dead like your rack or homeless like a trin as a result
Thanks Neil God and George Kevin and four Lauderdale
Today is my birthday. Could you please tell me where Wayne Arnold's new world castle is located
It's not new. It's rebuilt 125th and northwest 7th Avenue 441 in Miami in Northead
Also
Oish moises and in your right there's about 10 people who sent all the emails
10 that may be a stretch maybe
Neil I think you're onto something with this economic disaster being a scam the same criminals keep breaking in the cash and the same fools keep getting cracked on now you got it
Now you're getting it. Okay, let's get back to the story about the all right petafile rabbi interrupting you with an ebs test
All right, here it is
Right men and school officials decline to be interviewed for this story
But rabbi David Neeter Meyer who heads the United Jewish organizations of Williamsburg said the school did its due
diligence
He says the allegation was still really investigated by an independent committee of laid people and rabbis
Lay people I'm convinced they made a serious investigation. He says they felt it's not credible
Now angle men is filed a long shot civil suit against recommend in the school claiming they broke an oral contract
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I wonder if they broke an anal contract. Oh, no
Reckaments attorney Jacob Lawford says the lawsuit is baseless and that the community is fully behind the rabbi
Even after these accusations were publicly made he says the parents continue to complete a compete a
something
Well, shopped off
For themselves for the opportunity to have their children be educated by rabbi Reckman
The Reckman case is not isolated for ultra orthodox rabbis and book that have been sued or arrested for abusing boys in the past three years
That's a tiny fraction of the actual abuse is how I want that author of unchosen the hidden lives of Hasidic rebels
She says that in researching her book
She encountered dozens of alleged victims who told her that sexual abuse is an open secret in the Hasidic community
But the community is so insulated and the rabbis is so powerful that feud there to come forward
If I became known as an informer than people also wouldn't want to have anything to do with my family
She explains they wouldn't want to marry my children wouldn't want to give me a job. This is the fear
This is the life we have chosen. I'm sorry. That was Simon raw
Wonder if he was orthodox
Unorthodox. I don't think he was worth eating like bacon cheeseburgers in his house. Yeah, or something. They were eating tuna sandwiches
I say pretty Jewish
But more and more accusations against rabbis have begun to circulate last August
politician and radio talk show host dove heikin devoted an hour-long program to sex abuse
He interviewed Pearl Engelman who spoke on an alias about her son's case the calls flooded in
Heikin who's an orthodox to himself
represents the area in New York in the assembly
He says after the show people started showing up in his office with their stories 50 60 70 people
He says but you got to remember for each person to come is forward god only knows how many people are not coming forward god only knows
Feel good
right
Heikin refuses to release the names of the alleged perpetrators all the ways working with the district attorneys office
He says the people who can fight in him are afraid to go public which creates a perfect situation for abusers
If you're a pedophile the best place for you to come are some of the Jewish communities
He says why because you can be a pedophile and no one's gonna do anything even if they catch you you'll get away with it
To me it doesn't make sense as need of the united jewish organizations that so many people have been violated
And for so many years they've been quiet something doesn't add up. It's being blown out of proportion big time
I wonder if that's part of that oral contract
Ruffan district attorney Charles Hines says he has 10 active sex abuse cases involving orthodox Jews including a school principal
Was recently arrested on lead from heikin and Hines says there could be many more your shivers are private schools
Which means they don't have to report accusations of sex abuse the civil authorities
I've got no way to know if there's a pattern of conceiving the conduct he says
Hines says the Jewish leaders like Catholic bishops tried to handle these affairs internally through a rabbinical court
It's a practice that infuriates him
You have no business taking these cases to religious tribunals
Hines says they're either civil criminal or nature or both your obligation is to bring these allegations to us and let us conduct the investigation
Hines says he's trying to work out a memorandum of understanding with the rabbis in which they promise to bring the prosecutor every allegation of abuse
Pearl Angleman is skeptical the rabbis have hardly been forthcoming in her son's case
Still she loves her community and worries these allegations of tarnishing all she can say is
Oi
This is a community of the most wonderful people a hardworking people who lead righteous lives
She says and just a few corrupt people give us a bad taint
Taint what she thought it was
Her son Joel isn't so sure that it's that few anyway for him remedies come too late pretty much
I left my childhood here. He says after I left here
I had a totally different picture of school religion in life
But Angleman hopes this story will shine light on the secret and perhaps protect the next generation of children
But a beep bit a boop bit a boop bit a boop and the beep goes on
One more reason to abolish all religions okay because they're all filicraft
They're all harmful. They cause a lot of hate and a lot of pain a lot of destruction death
All of these all of these things what's your point my point is religion is for crazy people
No
sucks it blows or shouldn't say that
Okay, now let's see if a oishmoin or not oishmoi a John's ETR
Now that I chastise and reprimanded you several times let's see if he came through here
With his real fake identities no did not
Oh here we go
Beasley joins the movement to require five percent pay cuts
We'll read that right after the break because it goes into great detail about what a bunch of graver operas they are
You're listening to Neil Robbins
Neil Rodgers god
Believe me in Los Angeles we welcome to everything while I've Ted Haggard the founder and former pastor of the new life church in Colorado
Thanks for coming Ted. Thank you. What happened?
I've had a very satisfying relationship for 30 years
You're a what did you I did it whoa and I'm very happy
And I'm guilty of so many things all types of sexual things and what that happened to you very painful
Oh, we're thinking yeah, I don't know it was such a shock
Let's take a look at a clip from HBO's the trials of Ted Haggard and debuted tonight will be playing frequently watch
Yes, yes, oh my god. Yes
Oh my god. Yes. Yes. Yes
It got a little nuts. Yeah, that's what she said
Back to
Learn something on the show yesterday never heard of it never seen it and don't want to hear anymore about it
truck nuts. Yeah, but I don't want to I my my life is so far apart from the whole red necking in tellty
It's just it's not something I'm interested in no
I'm a redneck. Well good for you. Okay. Just stay out of my stay out of my life stay out of my face
Go do your thing enjoy and have a good time on the sideline
You okay? Here's the story somebody sent us visibly joins the movement to be acquired 5% pay cuts
You know something I want to stand online for that
Let's turn the clock back and instead no seriously
I think what's what's good for the goose is good for the gander if everybody else gets a 5% pay cut
Then go back to my deal that when I was ongoing for like a long time
Let's go back to that and give me a 5% pay cut instead of 50% I'm all for it jolly joe
Staffers got word in late afternoon meetings and across the board pay reductions will affect everyone up to an including founder George
Beasley. Oh don't tell me he's gonna have to sell the the golden
Bathroom fixtures. I don't know
Employees were told that it was either take the route a 5% pay cuts are face further layoffs
Beasley's already laid off about 7% of its workforce it operates stations in some market
Which have been particularly damaged by the crash and housing prices and then the recession Miami four Myers Naples and lost wages
They own stations in Vegas. Oh brother. We knew that but
It's a gamble that just doesn't pay off. How come I haven't heard yet from John ZTR with all his fake identities with a fake
Story of who we really I don't think he's convinced that that was a very good reprimand. Yeah, it was
I reprimanded your ass big time two or three times. I need a reparation. Tell me about the EBS test
And I'm not reading the story from the beginning again. Okay
God
Here's one that says and it's to subscriber any interest on a new system where people can practice for job interviews when their webcam
No no interest
Where does all that stuff come from
What do you mean all that spam where the hell does it all come from people generated
Jesus God almighty. I think I think the new American motto ought to be I have no right. Yeah
Kenny Gramer says the EBS is only over the earth does not stream PC listers heard the whole story
So there you go
So if you want to hear the story from beginning go to the archives when it's up and you can hear the whole story
About the pedophile orthodox rabbis
The fake J. Reynolds has got a long long email. Oh, do you want to hear it? Okay
South Florida is one of the most pathetic radio markets in the country and magic is one of the dullest major
Market all these stations in the country and Waxi was even worse and you can date that back to the heyday when Rick
Shobb you'd all and people like that were there
Yeah, there are worse markets, but color it safe to say that compared with other comparable major markets
Miami radio sucks in comparison part of the problem may be in how to figure out how to program it when you have an impossible situation
situation in terms of bilingual issues and big differences in date-broward counties
While there are some talented major market quality personalities in the market even at magic like for example
Ron St. John I think Ron St. John is the um, he's the poison pen emailer
Overall this market is horrible the morning shows are awful the music mixes are not even mainstream in many cases
It's one of the few major markets where AM radio has completely died
There's no dominant morning show no dominant air personality for talk or music who can be associated with the market itself
There's nothing but music intensive format sports radio with three or four stations doesn't even have one dominant trusted person
Now do stands out as the go-to guy for a sports story or a must listen to hear what he says
And don't get me started on the television affiliates and don't tell me that Neil Rogers is that dominant personality
He may have been but isn't anymore and while I respect his talent and don't blame him for the QM issues that affects his no longer dominant ratings
Nor do I blame him for basically going through the motions to think of a paycheck considering the way he's treated
And the lack of real commitment by the station to fix itself it pains me to listen him these days
And show his boring and predictable no longer a must listen again
I don't blame him for this but unless you some die-hard cult like fan Neil show is no longer a must listen the poll that they format is awful
The parody songs no longer have zing and they may be my management's design etc
But the real problem with the shows that Neil doesn't care himself
He no longer has passionate feelings to express on much of anything
It seems like he's just numb from it and they're to collect the paycheck now you're getting a joy
And why shouldn't he he's still the best personality in the market
It's just that radio is no longer fun even for the broadcaster now you got it. They've taken the fun
Out of radio
Joey a
Market that has to run a show out of Tampa and PM drive because they can't find a quality dominating personality
Wanko either morning or afternoon drive on a news talk station in a market that years ago was the benchmark for talk radio development when WNW
WNZ carried local and live stars and developing stars a
Market where you had major market talent working part time on the weekends. That was better than some markets had for full-time
Day parts and now look at this market everyone's moved out
You can't even find the quality local talent host of talk show news or sports in this town
Little on find the kind of talent that could dominate morning drive
Well, I know where they can find it. Oh, and by the way Leo is given up. I guess he went away. Thank God
You'd have to import it from another major city and these stations down here aren't committed enough to pay that kind of money to
Bring that kind of talent to South Florida or commit to the promotions and advertising necessary to promote it
It's easy to just keep the status quo and recycle people like Jimmy syphilis and run Schmidt and Hannity etc
In all fairness to management though. This has got to be one of the hardest markets to program
They're not too many markets for the date and brower that are so opposite from each other
That if you service one county to the best of your ability you lose the other one
Also, they're not too many radio markets with such poor reception on AM radio working against them
And that brings up another question. Why don't we have an FM talk station in this market? Yeah
You still listening?
The answer is because go ahead
The answer is because too few owners own too many properties 94.9 in particular could be the perfect home for WIOD or a sports station
Some of that English speaking people want would respond to but it must be too profitable running Spanish fare and since this figure show that seven out of ten new people in rebrowered county
Use English as a second language no speaking English
In a situation like this keeping listeners happy. He's got to be a nightmare for programmers down here and probably explains why this is a pathetic radio market
But yes, there are worse markets than Miami
Viral beach is not exactly cutting edge napleshurizen, but back to original thought
Miami for Lauderdale is not a very good market by compared with other markets of comparable size and population and revenue and magic is no benchmark
Oldie station and waxy was no benchmark oldie station either. You know who this is from Bob Hamilton really I think so
Why else would somebody take as much time to rip magic on the other hand at one time?
This is one of the best markets in the country for talk radio talk way to competitiveness and talent development of talk talent
The fake Joey Reynolds, but it's really Bob Hamilton, you know, he got can he's probably got a lot of time on his hands
He's probably the fake
Email or of all of them fake Adam Kirschner fake Joey Reynolds fake Greg Vudelle fake sunny Fox
fake Khyme Schmendrick
Bob Hamilton I think I just figured it out
You know, please. Why meeting a cockroach? I'll put him on your one. I'm putting a cough from
You better put it on the air mister. I just cast eyes George
And I know and I still don't have the identity of that I'm gonna be dismayed and yeah, I'm gonna be this made
Nothing would surprise me
Oh no
The Legionnaires of Christ the what now the Legionnaires of Christ and
Influence the Roman Catholic religious order has been shaken by new revelations that their founder who died just a year ago
Had an affair with a woman and father to daughter just as he and his thriving conservative order were winning the acclaim of
The Pope
The Reverend Marciale de Guillado
It's got a picture of my October 2001, but now he's dead
Before his death the founder
Had been forced to leave public ministry by Pope Benedict 16 because of accusations from more than a dozen men who said he had sexually abused them when they were students
But most members of the Legion continue to defend father Marciale asserting asserting that the accusations had been proven
Father Marcial died in January 2008 at the age of 87 was buried in Mexico where he was born
Now the order's general director the Reverend Alvaro
Courqueuera is quietly
Visiting its religious communities and seminaries in the US and informing members that their founder led a double life
The order is not publicly confirming of the details of the scandal. Oh, this goes on and I'll get back to it. I'll get back to Diana
What in God's name is this listen to a farewell message from George W Bush with a phone number sorry if it's a duplicate
I'm sorry you said it the first time okay my God
Oh heaven help us. No, there's no
Revelations on there. It's all in the Bible
Cute fill a fan since 87 says don't know if you checked it out
Oh Toronto AM radio. I'm the only station I listen to is 680 news sorry sorry
But AM 740 CFZM is a decent station especially Saturday nights with Bill Gabel's oldies show. I don't want to hear oldies, okay
It runs from 7pm to 1am. It's called the heart and soul of rock and roll better than most because he doesn't play the same 300 read magic songs
He among other places worked at CKLW
You're the best defense in 87 once the DJ in South Florida Phil Beckman. Give her here Phil Beckman me either no go ahead
We got to isolate that he doesn't play the same 300 songs like magic. They're on the attack after magic
I think that Bob Hamilton is the mystery
He's the thorn in the side of our thing of our emails
Remember thorny he was the um no he was the neighbor on azy and Harriet. Why do you never saw as you never did? No
Well, why not before my son weren't born yet that could have something to do if you want to make an effort
I bet you on one of those channels and one of those oldies
Yeah, yeah, that's right. It'll be around
TV land all some crap like I'm saving it in an area
Maybe when I'm old I'll like it and how's he used to leave the house in the morning and just like those other shows
He went to work, but we never knew what he did right one of those nebulous business. That's right
I mean at least the Ralph Cramden we knew to drove the bus
Right right right and Darren Stevens was an ad executive
There you go and what was the name of his boss Larry Tate Larry Tate very good
Very very good. Wow. You are sharp as a margarine neighbor lady that was always trying to get Sam in trouble
No gladdest rabbits gladdest rabbits very good wonder she was related to dutty rabbits
Sam my friend from high school Howard Crabbits Sam's mom Samantha's mom
Yeah, her mother the witch come on now. I don't know and Dora and Dora well. I would know that again if he gave me about a half an hour
I don't know Serena Serena right which was also played daughter
Serena no
Tabitha oh, that's right
What is this you showing off your dog which uh you're probably what's crafted doctor the doctor or doctor?
I don't know and I don't care Dr. Bombay go ahead
Go ahead
So Phil we hope that you're real because you'd be one of the few real email
I mean, I don't know why anybody be writing me about Toronto AM radio
But I get in any of those cars I got I'm gonna glue to 680 news
Oh my god, I can't stop coughing by the way
Well good see you're being punished for being there whatever you are a bastard
This is the neo-roger show
This is your brain
Any question
Go
1101 at 560 so we finally unmasked and I deduced it
What did you deduce I deduced it the uh
Chronic emailer is Bob Hamilton formerly PD of magic okay, and I was just obviously a chronic mal content with no life at all
I have no line. Yeah, we said and boy that music on et cetera
station oh
Yeah, you think it's bad now even Ricky Tiki would tell you if he could
Isn't every radio station in this town. It's like they're in a race for long. It just blows
283 votes on the pool that that's the number of records they play on magic 283
If you could wave a magic one and change one chronically bad habit of South Florida drivers it would be
It's hopeless. There are a bunch of morons 104
Generally driving like an a hole 69
failure to use turn signals 24 red light running 21
Driving in the rain with your hazard lights on 14 blocking intersections and traffic 11
Cutting into emerging lane at the last minute 10 tailgating 10 people driving to slow is 7 shooting at other motorists 5
Parking anywhere you like by simply turning your hazard lights on for hazard lights are only for
Emergencies. Okay, you with ease when you're stopped
Illegal to turn them on at any other time other than stopping for an emergency
Faded yielded yield signs to giving the finger reflexively one failure to stop at stop signs
Solimente uno
That's what we got so far today's fine pull now. Let's see did I put a pull up there for tomorrow
Did you well? Let me look. Oh, yeah
That's not too bad of one we've done it before but it's it's okay. I'm not gonna tell you now
It takes all the fun out of it. Let's see if John's ETR has exposed his identity. No, here's me again
Well, if you can't apologize to us listeners that missed the beginning of the show because the emergency broadcast signal
Could you make it up by being double funny? Ah, ah, ah
Screw you me
Me my ass
me
Me me me me me me me here on Oideshmore is back in like I said is like four or five people
What's with the rest of you people look at got your tongue?
Four or five people with 50 identities of peace sent all the emails and the rest of you and then they wonder why the phone
Stringed like I'm your friend and like that huh the same people. That's what I'm saying
The rest of the people in South Florida all 50 of our list because they got nothing to contribute. They got no ideas
They got nothing to say they created that vacuum
They are the vacuum they're it
Don't you think I know they are go ahead. No go ahead
Neil at neorodgers.com. That's the email address isn't it
Yes, yeah any I'll kneel at neorodgers.com
For anybody aside from the same chronic 10 with the phony this and the fake that and bap bap bap bap bap and this station sucks and that's there
Well, we know that so what about it
South Florida radio sucks. That's a real revelation isn't it? Yeah
Oishmoish says now everyone is prouling out of the job cut craze
They see this away legally rob their employees and laugh at all the way to the bank
Look for plywood shutters on the Miami station real soon. It says well joy slow and Georgia or car so we can drive to the unemployment office good point
Joy, so what if that bitch is taking a pay cut. How what do you think everybody they said
What do you mean everybody? Everybody. I'm not taking any further pay cut
I think they did a one dime on my next paycheck man. There's gonna be some real hell to pay. I'll tell you that
Gonna be I'm gonna be checking that thing out with a fine tooth comb whatever that means
Fine tooth comb is another really stupid expression for you
Going over with a with a fine tooth comb just like they should have gone over
Tom Dashel's tax the records
Well, we fully vetted all of these uh pointes yeah right
vet my ass. How do you do that big rubber stamp
search party
So anyway getting back to this father ma seal Adele de de guillado
before his death the founder of this uh bunch of geckys the Reverend Marcelle
Marcelle de guillado had been forced to leave the public ministry by Pope Benedict 16 because of accusations for more than a dozen men who said he sexually abused them when they were students
But most members of the Legion continued to defend father ma seal asserting the accusations had been proven
He was buried at age 87 in Mexico where he was born
Now the order is general director of the Reverend Alvaro Corcuera is quietly visiting its religious communities
Uh, and that's it. Oh it goes on like I said Jim Ferris spokesman for Legionnaires and only we've learned some things about our founders life that are surprising
And difficult for us to understand
We can confirm that there are some aspects of his life that we're not appropriate for a Catholic priest
Now I think they were perfectly appropriate for a Catholic priest because that's what the priesthood is all about
bunch of pedophile uh perverts
Some former members said they expected the order to renounce its founder but mr. Ferr said he is the founder
They always will be the founder of the order
That's one of the mysteries we all see in life is sometimes good things come out of less than perfect human beings
Oh my god talk about a
sweeping rationalization
Sometimes good things come out of less than perfect human beings
And Catholic religious orders members have talked to identify with the spirituality and values of the founder
That was taken to an extreme in Legionnaires Reverend Stephen something rather a priest in New Jersey who left after the order after 14 years
Father Maasiel was the mythical hero was put on a pedestal had all the answers father fictor said
fictor
When you become a Legionnaire you have to read every letter father Maasiel ever wrote like 15 or 16 volumes
Here he's been having a double life on the side. I just don't see how they're going to continue
Father fictor
Oh, that sure has a ring to it, isn't it? Yo, yeah
Father fictor once the chief financial officer for the order city informed the Vatican three years ago that every time father
Maasiel left room
I always had to give him 10 grand in cash
5,000 in American dollars and 5,000 in the currency wherever he was going
Father fictor added as Legionnaires we were taught a very strict poverty
If I went out of town and bought a big pen and a chocolate bar, I'd have to turn in the receipts
And yet for father Maasiel there was never any accounting was always cash never any paper trail
And because this he was this incredible hero to us. We never questioned for a second
Mr. Ferris City had no comment about whether father Maasiel had misappropriated more
More cash or father to child or sexually abused young man
The Legionnaires found in 1941 have grown as the church in many countries has
shrunk
It has 800 priests in 22 countries and 70,000 members worldwide many of whom are
Something people in it's affiliate regdom christy
Lave people oh, yeah, they're lay people are right. They're getting laid a lot
This is the whole thing with the Catholic Church sex is dirty and don't do unless you're gonna make a baby
But for us it's good. We like right especially the sickest kind yeah
Abusing young children that's the Catholic Church don't get much more twisted than that
And of course that's why they're against birth control because they can't make more baby so they can abuse them
They like to have a large large target audience fresh supplies right
Takeer says good morning Neil and George of either you see the movie Tiger Land no
No, I saw this movie before I knew who Colin Ferrell was or how much of a douchebox he is now there's something we can say so far
douchebox right
Ask joys not own. Oh
Go ahead
If you can manage to over the Colin Ferrell, it's a pretty decent movie
It's set during the Vietnam war and the men who are going through army training plus you don't have to see his junk
Unlike that piece of Schmidt Alexander. I don't want to see his junk
Have an ice day. I hope you can come up to a good resolution about the polls take her park
ps f jolly joe bill and f joys
Amen, we second that emotion fm both
Bunch of crap with all these silly ass meetings. Oh, well you think we really destroyed the radio station and what
What can we do to resurrect your show Neil and what can we do to promote it and what
What can christ jones now that he finally has been forced to recognize that you show us on here
What we can't can we do to sell some spots and make you some money now that we've reduced your salary by 99 percent
I think I think a lot of this is bogus. I'm not just talking about this radio station
I think that this is a bogus deal
That's going on
toxic loans my ass
What would be
Lose toilet seats and it's man to emergency room. Here's our kind of story
Delay in florida
A man who stopped at the Delay and police station used the public restroom was injured when a loose toilet seats seat shifted smashing his penis
Police said no. Yeah, that's what it says
Al
Robert
Robert LaBalita 51 said that they had to go to the emergency room because no one at the police department or the fire department
Which was called on after your report of the injury would provide antibiotics
Why would you call the fire department after guys smash his penis? Who would you call
They got experience with hoses father or tool. Oh, he said he was worried about an infection because the injury happened in a public toilet
Oh, geez
All the fire department people gave me a sterile water and a bandage lovely to said a bandage to put on your penis. That should be really effective
According to a police report LaBalita was on his way to the library when they stopped at the police station
934 a.m. To use the public restroom LaBalita told police he sat down and the seat moved and pinched his penis
LaBalita suffered a bruise and broken skin he said
LaBalita said he had no access to medicine extra antibiotic to treat the injury
Delan fire paramedics came to the police station and told LaBalita how to treat the injury handing him a bandage
It was painful. I was quite traumatized when it happened LaBalita said
I'm 250 pounds imagine that all my way pushing on that
Pushing on that scroat he wrote
The investigating officer wrote in his report that the toilet seat was loose and he gave the information to the people responsible for repairs
Police are required to file a report anytime someone has heard on public property
LaBalita said he's not litigious but hasn't dismissed the option of a lawsuit
You go sue their ass, baby. Oh, that's the wrong one
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh
This is kind of fun I like it a lot
I'm gonna go home.
I'm gonna go home.
Welcome to Sparrow and with Chooza my beat.
I flew another party with A.I.G.
In 85 billion dollar check was cut.
And we were having a party with your bailout fun.
Hey!
Having a party with your bailout fun.
Yeah, yeah, having a party with your bailout fun.
Well, thanks you all for the party.
Some of the fun was fun when I was...
Lots of fun was your bailout fun.
Little agent that is the end wipe.
Cheating on a wipe for a thousand a night.
We talk to talk and wear a suit and tie.
So everything is gonna be alright.
Having fun with your bailout fun.
Yeah, having fun with your bailout fun.
Wait, why are you for us and Golden Child?
Are you where having lots of fun with your bailout fun?
Nobody's got any money.
One day everybody woke up broke and everybody stopped doing business.
And everybody went out of business and everybody got fired.
Everybody's in there.
There's a lot of people.
Nobody's buying anything.
Right.
All of a sudden we woke up on morning.
All the money was gone.
Like somebody came in the middle of night and stealed it.
The Grinch.
Yeah, the Grinch came in the middle of night and stole everybody's money all over the world.
That police station, Sir, was hilarious as Frank.
The last guy's name, Labulita, means little balls in Spanish.
Ironic, it's Sir.
Labulita, is that what that means?
The little ball.
Labulita.
I see.
See, see, see.
Let's not be that little bit.
Go ahead.
What?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
No, go ahead.
Stop, stop, stop.
The fake Adam Kirschner says,
I'm grateful Dennis Collins stuck with the oldies format.
Oh, how boring.
Oh.
And it's seeing its evolution into an updated form.
He could have easily abandoned the format as Cox Radio and Kirschner did in many markets.
Magic is doing the format for three decades now, and they've earned heritage designation like it or not.
Oh, like it or not.
Oh, I'm wounded, man.
That's what I always wanted.
Heritage doesn't even know what that all that is, do you?
Nope.
South Florida is not a perfect radio market, but they do better than most of them reflecting the diversity of the community served.
While not perfect, I'm happy Magic 102.7 is a part of the radio landscape in South Florida.
And Ron St. John has a great voice and is the most beloved DJ in South Florida radio history.
Ron St. John is the one who's sending all of these because certainly nobody else would salivate all over Ron St. John.
He don't even know the P.A. The Adolfing Games anymore.
He got kicked out for a Kenny Walker.
Robert Greeper, the grim reaper to Lord of the Board.
That one, Kenny Walker.
Loser.
Oh, my God.
You can't complain about his town.
You want to know why?
Doesn't have any?
Go ahead.
He ain't gotten on.
He sucks.
Now Kenny and Blow Morning Show, that was a real tribute to your ingenuity there.
Jolly Joe, just bringing all your buddies, baby.
DA and Kenny Walker, all your buddies from your sales manager there from Charlotte, where Rolly, where he's from.
Bring all your pals in.
They were losers up there.
They're going to be losers.
They already are losers.
God.
What's the sales manager's name?
Chris Watch, Schmuck.
Oh, here.
Chris Jones.
Go ahead.
Nope.
Oh, here's one from Anita Marks, who quit lying for at least today.
After that 4 p.m. meeting yesterday, I'm glad I stayed in Baltimore.
So today Anita's not suggesting that she's coming to South Florida.
You know, all your fakers out there, at least try a little consistency with your fake emails.
You know, even the rest of the audience is starting to catch on all your conflicting crap.
Oh, yeah.
I don't believe everything you read.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And out today is I'm glad I stayed in Baltimore.
Stay where the hell you are Anita.
You may have a great ass, but you don't belong on here.
I'm sure of that.
And especially after that big number, you did it at 1,400 that point.
Oh.
We already got enough of those already.
We don't need anybody else who can bring us a chair.
Oh.
You got a great ass.
Chef Sparky says, was it Bill Clinton who deregulated the radio industry this long and cleared channel the opportunity to destroy the business?
Yes, it was the FCC in 1987 under Bubba.
87?
Okay.
Bubba wasn't in office.
87, he got elected first time in 92.
It was a W.
It was Reagan.
Reagan.
W.
He got elected in 88.
It was Reagan.
Chef Sparky, you better get with it.
Because you sure don't know your crap.
It was in 87 and 97.
97 would have been Bubba.
Yeah.
Drive through any town.
You'll hear the same propaganda on the local talk stations.
Now, wasn't I screaming any yelling?
It was an IOD.
I was screaming any yelling.
That was the end of the businesses we used to know it.
Remember that?
Yep.
Rush, Hannity, Glenn Beck, Schmidt, Myster, it's the same crap, no local talent, and the same neo-con message.
Will Obama attempt to break the monopoly?
He asks, how do I know?
I don't have crystal balls.
I don't have La Bolita crystal.
Oh, Joey Reynolds again.
On and on and on.
This is the same one, isn't it?
No, it's in a different thing.
Joey Reynolds?
What?
A different fake Joey Reynolds.
No, the same fake Joey Reynolds.
It's in addition to the early one, which I already read.
He says, as early as 1980, which is a way back before consolidation, Waxi was using automation late at night.
That being the case, it further supports my sentiment that Waxi 106 made little effort to provide anything more than a pretty dull thing.
It was a very, very dull and boring cheap presentation between the songs after Morning Drive.
Even before it was fashionable, Waxi had a disregard and or was misguided in its presentation.
Back in 1980, you could find small market oldies stations with more enthusiastic jocks for the format, who loved the music and had shown the presentation.
This was an oldies station that was not only music intensive, but the jock sounded like they were doing light FM AC radio.
Granted, some people were Greg Butel fans, but remember that he was really a love 94 jock, and I surrendered to the opinion that some may have loved the morning show.
And Charles without question, one of the greatest on radio personalities, but the station overall just wasn't very good.
A lot may have had to do with issues relating to Arcade, one of the things, but there's no way that Waxi 106 deserves to be remembered as one of America's great oldies radio stations because it was not.
Who says it's being read? What is this all about? It's stuff that I don't know what's going on.
A heritage designation. Why me? Who cares about this crap? Talk about living in the past.
It's like saying the least one forced and the cups in the 60s. Well, while anybody see that game last night. Oh my God.
Visit toscore couldn't stop a beach ball ruled from a river or a beach. All the way up to Toronto. What a disaster.
What a disgrace. What an organization.
Oh, and here's a whole thing about Buddy Holly. Remember that thing yesterday. Oh, and this one goes on for like a hundred pages.
Remember any of the cruisers. That was sure a bad movie. Now what's his name that was in it that frog? Oh, Michael paray.
Michael paray. Froggy and Michael. If he's in it, you know, it's going to suck. And then there was a there was a sequel to it. Yes.
Oh, we got a dead guy. Even worse. What? Michael. Oh, yeah, the sequel was worse. Well, I mean, you know, great movies sometimes deserve a sequel.
Bad movies don't deserve a sequel. I shouldn't have made the first place much less a follow up. Eddie and the cruisers. Oh my God.
Hey, doc, doc. What do you think, doc? Remember doc? No. Oh, Francis Kavanaugh dies at 93. That's many, many. That's old enough. Screenwriter of B. Westerns.
Oh, yeah, that's it. But he spelled out an ounce of sound or what? Well, I wasn't him. I'm just telling you whoever the singer was.
It said, was it John Kerry? Oh, Bruce Springsteen had a like. Yes, a screamer. Shouter. And they put Springsteen out and half time in a Super Bowl.
Like he's like he's a real singer. You know, good. God. But more than 90 people watched it. It was a hell of a game. And then I noticed. Oh, Joe Bowen last night brought up the thing about the
was it a fumble or a pass at the end of the game. At a boy Joe. Let him have it. Rip those Americans man. Francis Kavanaugh, one of the few women who wrote screenplays for B. Westerns, such as song of old Wyoming and Wild West in the 1940s,
nearly 50s died. She was 93 certainly long enough. Kavanaugh died January 23rd or home in Encino, California after a long battle with Lymphoma said her husband Robert L. Hecker.
Between 1941 and 51, Kavanaugh wrote more than 30 Western scripts for cowboy stars, such as Tom Keane, Bob Steele, Eddie Dean, Jimmy Wakeley, Ken Maynard and Duncan Ronaldo.
Duncan Ronaldo was the, what was he? Cisco kid. Okay. I'll take it. I'm not sure if that's what he was, but he was one of those Mexican Western stars. Duncan Ronaldo.
I'll Google it during the break or maybe not or I will know. Francis Kavanaugh was a bit unique in a profession, boy, majors, editor and publisher of Western Clippings, a Western film publication said an email.
In the 1940s, screenwriters for B. Westerns were primarily men. What Cisco kid. Duncan Ronaldo, Toyota, what a memory man. Pancho, C.Sco, Pancho. Always beware of those Mexicans.
In the 1940s, screenwriters for B. Westerns were primarily men as they wrote the action-packed hard writing scripts major said Francis was among a small minority of women who broke into writing Saturday, Matt and A.D. Westerns and succeeded in having a solid career.
She grew up around ranches, cowboys and writing horses, a background she said in the 2002 interview with majors that gave me the feeling of Westerns. And it goes on and on and on.
She did this. She did that. And nobody cares. Services were private because nobody knows who the hell she was.
I want to say nobody cared, but did you ever hear of her? Nope. Go ahead. What?
You don't ever got any response to my giving you a tongue lashing today from the guy that was coming out of the closet and revealing him being a Hamilton to fake this one and a fake that I'm going to be disappointed and shocked and dismayed.
All these lifeless idiots out there desperately reaching out trying to get some resemblance of recognition as a living breathing creature.
And I do mean creature.
Your mother did crack while you were in the womb and though the effects were not immediately apparent when it came time to pick a career, your choices were limited.
So you took a job at the local grocery store and when you proved to be completely inept at the art of begging, you were relegated to the parking lot.
Now you roam the grounds in rain, sleet and snow collecting vagrant shopping carts and returning them to their rightful place.
Sure, you have to throw down with a homeless man at least once a week, but you don't care. That card is on your watch. If he wants a new home, he can find a box.
So we salute you, Mr. Shopping Card put a backer, your walkman, your clip palette and your corners. You are a real American a-hole.
Number 32, a QIM.
So when checking some of the what?
Hey, go ahead.
In choking.
What?
What are you talking about?
You were about to say something about choking?
No, I was not.
Okay.
What are you talking about?
I thought I heard you say in choking.
Here's one from I said in checking.
Oh, sorry.
Deleted email. Here's one from Dr. L. I am blocked by the hope you'll read this.
See, the people who are blocked.
Yeah.
It's really amusing how many of them keep sending stuff over and over and over again.
Assuming that I'm either going to read them or I'm going to like use them on here, which I'm not.
I didn't see this, Dr. Rout, because I forgot how chronic he was.
The other day the Miami Herald had some useless tips on improving one speaking voice when teaching for a few hours straighter.
Sometimes strain my voice.
You talk for four hours straight hours, yet your voice remains clear and strong.
Any tips you just have a good radio voice by nature.
Oh.
Talk about a butt kiss.
Even dick butt kiss never kissed like that.
Drinking water.
Just have a good, yeah, I have a good radio voice like that.
I drink a lot of liquids.
Okay, I drink my caffeine-free diet Pepsi.
Right on.
It's a macchaya.
And that's why George can testify to this.
If I don't, if I forget like in the evening, you go out and give me like another two liter bottle.
From the show in the morning, I'll run over to any place that's open in the neighborhood,
and I'll get like a bunch of iced tea or a bunch more in soda.
because your mouth and throat gets dry.
Got to have my soda, baby, to keep talking for four hours.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-b 
Also, I know by George rejects Christian doctrine given as brainwashing as a kid,
and that does give him great ways to deal with mindless religious morons.
But I was curious about your religious views, Neal,
Were you brought up in a very religious Jewish home? No, and in Dr. Al, again, this is the reason you were blocked, Dr. Al,
Bapapapapapap. Neal. Did you do this? Did you wipe with both hands? Did you fart in your face? Oh my god,
Or did you reject religious nonsense simply because you're an intelligent rational thinker?
There you go, ask us again. Just curious, Dr. Al. That's the last time we'll be reading one of your, you know,
just curious curiosity killed the cat. That's what we used to say in WKAT as Sid Levin, he'll tell you curiosity,
killed the cat or was it Lynn Russell in Jammulten?
Jim Alton, I'm pretty sure is dead.
I told that story about the night I went to dinner with him at picolos on South Beach,
a dining restaurant, and he tried to pick up the waiter and when that didn't work, then
he tried to give me to go home with him.
I said, no, I don't think so, Jim.
He was ugly.
And of course, I was I, but never.
I didn't seem to bother him, but I'm pretty sure he's all at fault and I'll be back.
Okay.
Geez.
Oh, I want to get out.
I want to get out of the house all like a dream.
They didn't feel, they didn't feel so mean.
Not any of the cruisers.
But it was a hang up.
Clicked, some less of it from inside the building, no, da.
I see.
I always I just say before we got interrupted.
Go ahead.
No, seriously, what was I saying?
I have no idea.
Either do why.
It must have been, oh, you were ripping into that doctor, your email guy about Dr. Ralph
screw him.
Why he was blocked.
Screw him.
God, what a, what a butt liquor.
Did you do this and did you do that and do you do, yeah, religions a bunch of bubble
mice, he's okay, it's a bunch of crap.
Invented by men, for men, for profit, right, power and profit.
Two German tourists have been detained for taking their clothes off in the lobby of
a Brazilian airport in Sao Paulo.
Authority said yesterday the two men allegedly changed their clothes in front of other
passengers at the Salvador International Airport while awaiting a flight back to
Germany on Monday.
Police formally accused the tourists of obscenity and said they could face up to a year
in prison if convicted.
They were released following a two hour interrogation and were being allowed to leave the country
with signed a document promising to return to Brazil if requested by authorities.
The men were not identified by authorities.
Police inspector Marita Susa said the 66 year old man from Cueninburg and a 64 year old
friend from Vaad, Benson said they thought it was normal to change clothes like that in
Brazil, especially in a beach city like Salvador.
Well, they said that they were late for their flight needed to change in a new clothing
because one of them got wet during a boat trip and the other felt sick and vomited during
the same trip earlier in the day.
He had puke all over him.
A Brazilian passenger called police when he said the tourists taking their clothes off
the tourists taking their clothes off in front of other people.
I went in there and asked if they'd like to see other people taking their clothes off
in front of his wife or for the kids.
Paulo Goyce told Global TV.
They just laughed.
They laughed.
They snickered no doubt.
Oh God.
What?
This is so pathetic.
The fake joy rentals again.
There may be some truth of the rumors about WQM flipping to oldies.
WQM can't compete with four or five English speaking sports stations.
And then another few Spanish speaking talk stations on top of its bad signal issues.
Nereas where they should do well in the ratings like Western parts of Broward County
where the signal is horrible.
It's just not a level playing field when you can be inside a building in Broward and
not be able to pick up almost any AM radio station.
And quite a few FM stations come in bad too.
And these are demos that should be part of your core.
Oh God, Joey.
Just jam it.
Just blow it out your ass.
See what these people want to do.
They don't want this to be a radio show.
This is what they want this to be a show about radio.
There you go.
Yeah.
Boring.
Oh, the Godfather wars.
Here's the picture of Mario Puzzo and the Marlon Brando.
What is this all about?
I don't know either.
Long it goes on.
And I looks really boring to me so I just deleted it.
It's an article.
You know, again, people have nothing to say.
So they send me long, ponderous articles.
Here's one that says I just recently drove past my old neighborhood in the Sun and Isles.
And all the way.
I knew the Rascal House was going.
I was shocked by what replaced it.
It used to see lines of 90-year-old plus crippled Jews with walkers and canes.
They couldn't wait to pay $20 for a kosher sandwich accompanied by some stale kosla that
had been recycled from previous customers.
Some couldn't wait to get their hands on a nice thick Juicy Hebrew National Hotdog.
It's since been replaced by a food market that kidders to the young Jewish entrepreneurs.
It's the Epicure.
Also the three-story Roachfield motels that used to be lined up along Collins have been
replaced by Donald Stunk's 50-story five-star condos which are all empty.
After all this, I was so depressed I drove a couple of miles went to Gulfstream to feed
some cold machine-mind which sucked up the 20s like a Jew.
This guy's got a Jew problem, apparently.
It happily took my money.
It didn't give any back.
I spoke to the machine, even pulled out my magic wand, nothing.
Signed another Jorge, screw all Jorge haters it says.
How do you like that?
Jorge, what'd you think of that?
I think it's all just with walkers and Jews with a sucking up $20 bills and Jew, Jew,
Jew, Jew, Jew.
I did like Jew, Jew bees though.
I haven't had any of those in years.
No?
Used to pull your fillings out.
Yes they do.
Just they Jew.
Where the hell did you buy those other than the movie theater?
Good candy store would have.
Yeah, mostly the movie theater.
Because I think back to my youth a hundred years ago, I'm thinking about non-parallels which
also are called snowcaps.
Yes.
You don't see those in a store where they sell a lot of candy.
And also, Jew, Jew, bees was the same thing.
It's seen in the movie theaters.
Correct.
Correct.
Am I right?
Yes.
Now, if you want all the old fashioned candies, the Jackson's has them all.
Do they have a Mary Chains?
They have everything.
They have a Mary Chains.
They have everything they've heard of before.
The Barry Chains.
Oh, the Fakeler King says, why if you ripped onlyn Russell all these years, she was great.
I turned around to Ted Turner.
Lyn Russell is somewhere in Canada doing news.
Joey is right.
Waxy FM is sucked that is until Rick and Sons replaced Greg Budel.
Aren't you inspired to come back again tomorrow with all this inside radio time?
Oh yeah.
I have my nose up, Niels is asking.
And now more Gabbled-to-Gabbled Super Bowl coverage on 5-6-8-W, QAO.
We're ratings. We never matter.
Sure, dude! We're live from Tampa. Having a crazy time here on Radio Row.
There's a bunch of jocks like Mozy and Buy, and maybe we can get one to pitch some product you don't need.
Hey, it's Janone! What up, Janone?
And I have a snowman.
And any products to sell, man?
No thanks, man. And here in eight just fine.
Hey, let's go to the big O! You got an exciting update for us, dude!
Well, yeah.
Well, come on, man. Let's hear about this crazy time in Tampa, man.
I had a little dinner last night. A couple of drinks, a hooker, and went to bed.
So? Yeah, so it's been a little crazy here.
Oh, yeah! It's been a little crazy here, man.
Yeah, it's been crazy here.
All kinds of crazy things going on, man.
Yeah, like crazy.
Crazy, man! Crazy! We'll be back with more failed format by force after these spots that me and Zach yell, really loud!
Right, O?
See, I mean, yeah, yeah.
Right, O. The louder you yell, the more you sow!
I think.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah!
The louder you yell, the worse it smells, says Jolly Jovelle, who ought to rot in hell, but nevertheless.
14-dil-noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Here's one that says, Neil, I watched Pat and Les, and that is awesome.
It might glorify worse somewhat, but it amazes me how stubborn you are no matter how great a movie is.
You can't admit it if it doesn't jive with your political views.
What?
Similar to how you refuse to watch Forrest Dump or Shindler's List, are you afraid your people mind might be influenced by watching something that disagrees with your pinko-comy tendencies?
I've already seen Pat and sorry, or you just unable to stomach it.
I can't stomach stupid emails like this by illiterate people.
Doesn't jive with your political views.
Not jive, jive, jive, turkey.
Like wood vine.
Oh.
Bat, bat, you're wrong about this.
Bat, you're wrong about that.
Bat, bat, bat.
Keep it up.
I don't care.
It doesn't bother me.
I still have a pretty decent check.
I'm going to take, like I said, today is the fourth.
So in the next few days, the tenth check is going to be coming up.
I better be exactly the same as it's supposed to be without any additional deductions.
Jolly Joe.
Because if they think they're going to tack on another 5% cut and pay, they can whistle down their ass.
What doesn't take place right away?
Oh, when does it take place?
They said that we should see the changes in the middle of March or something like that on another.
I see.
So in other words, they're still fluid for the next month and a half is at it.
I guess they can still make way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Somebody emailed that to me.
Oh, I love it.
You too.
That's beautiful.
Excellent.
Make sure I get that tomorrow morning before the show.
You bet.
Neil, if you look up the reviews online, people love Joey Stone Crabbs.
They're not reviews by professional writers, just ordinary people putting up unpaid reviews.
And.
And.
Yeah.
That's fine.
More for them than.
Right.
That's right.
More to have my credit for you.
Okay.
I'll leave people in.
Go there and enjoy it.
Yeah.
They can be heard it around like how they should have the same crap about trying to convince me how great South Florida is.
I should really come back there and live there.
If you love Joe Stone Crabbs, believe me.
Go there and eat and enjoy.
So we're the major D.
Have a wonderful time and enjoy.
Take out.
When did that pick up?
Childish juvenile.
Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
Finally.
See I chastised you and here we go.
All right.
Now how long is this?
So this is the sort of good.
Good.
Good.
And you know something.
I think this is true.
Of course, you're so skeptical.
You're such a hard ass.
Yeah.
Nothing worse than a hard ass.
That's what father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Father.
Mary.
Mary.
I remember Jesus!
So it says.
But it still doesn't tell us who this is though.
Oh, he didn't say that he was going to tell you who he really was just all his fake identities.
John ZTR thinks that jocks are great broadcasters angry.
You don't take calls anymore.
So listen, he can express their complaints.
Oh, yeah.
Remember that one.
How can we express our complaints if you don't take calls?
That was classic.
Yeah.
That was good.
Mason Williams who says that while neither can't even play fart sounds,
Stern actually has guys take a crap in the studio.
Ha, ha, remember that.
Yep.
That was good.
Mm hmm.
I'll keep mom Buganji.
African psychologists to analyze the Neil on the show.
Thank you and God bless.
Mark Heine who wants Neil fired along for the days of Phil Henry and Neil in their prime.
Mike Latham, random negative emails.
Madeline, the angry fat woman who thinks Neil is too negative wants to date guilty.
Remember the pictures of the fake madeline?
Oh, wow.
Fat doesn't come close to describing it.
Edward O'Brien, Tadavnil's gate talks and Tadavade's gaze.
Oh, that was one of my very favorites.
This guy's a freaking genius.
Wow. He's very prolific.
Jingleheimer Jones who once waited four hours on who once waited four hours on hold to speak to our
it's turn and was all worth it.
The most euphoric experience of his life.
Remember that one?
Yes.
Leo Austin 79, Goldie Defender and Accuses Neil of being too negative to his co-workers.
Please take Geltie under your wing, Neil.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, it's not going in, but we've got... it's going in!
uh... a better
excerpt but nevertheless thank you know there's not
uh...
now that that's perfect it's just where he says it
and that sounds just like him to
doesn't it doesn't sound like somebody and i'm that is not uh...
what's his name it's not i thought it wasn't going to no no chance are you
kidding me
he could do that voice and find out he does a lot of voices remember he used to be
good
when when i was that you remember his better mind he he did the uh... playing bagpipes
well let's
play a little bit of that it is about the bill
either boys and girls
today
he can a very extra special
special friends
what
remember he he drops out of character right there at the end
yeah
oh he does that a lot yes
he does that in the him runaway bride
where his voice starts getting lower all over the end uh...
yeah he he does he has a tendency to do that and then it doesn't make any
difference it's like a one-take-chirrel
well here's one we can play play bone magazine
yeah
play twice
well i'm in the i'm in the um... section there with playing bagpipes
and let's see if there are any of these
there are two four six eight eight in this box
play with my shlong
play with myself station
play bone magazine
playboy playmates
playboys dead babes
playboy dead babes
played with yourself and playing bagpipes i don't think so
although maybe play with the
playboy playmates
people see me in the store
i'm looking for love for ever more
and they know that i will succeed
because i'm looking for playboy magazine
pappappappapapapa
pappapapa pappapa pappapa
go for a seat
my one and only girl
stood there with her beautiful girls
thirty six double the
any bigger wall at me
i pinder on the bathroom wall
where i quote her she did not look tall
And as my toes get curled, I was a sexiest man in the world with my playboy, my playboy, magazine.
Oh, crack, crack, crack.
I had penny in all of my friends, no jealousy over the bar between.
When I had Jenny McArthur before, she became an empty beehore.
No one will ever know how much I loved them also.
My hopes, my dreams come true.
I was started all of my dreams with you, my playboy, playman.
You're friends.
Now I am a grown-up man, married to more than my right hand.
A wife who's wonder and why.
My stack of playboy so high, she threw them all away.
Now how will I masturbate?
Now I stand here all alone.
I close my eyes and they all come home to me.
My playboy, playman.
Oh, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack.
Where's that victory, secrets catalog, honey?
Honey, do you have any tax on me?
You're a thing to me, old Roger.
Well, it'd be the 12-to-1 hour on WQAM.
Ah, scratch Matthews playing hide-buff at 2009.
I tell you what, I got fat over the break.
I ate so much turkey when the doctor put his hand up my collar to do my exam.
He pulled out stuffing.
I'm serious, it was actual breadcrubs and chopped onion.
Not that you care, but it's going to be a tough year for yours truly.
I can't bitch, mong wine, I can't play anymore because my guy's in the white house.
Maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people.
But get a hobby.
I've always wanted a hobby.
Maybe I'll learn to play the trumpet or the sofa phone.
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy
I'm a good guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy and a 1st guy, I'm an annoying guy and a Word with it, and a 1st guy with it, and a Rules of communism for you.
Yeah, I do good Monday night. It is great yesterday. It's pretty bad not horrible, but not good and today is Wednesday. I'll do okay
Is there any truth to do more about
Can I do this I
Want to play
Go ahead. No, it won't I won't play won't I
Broke it somehow what have you got it in the the regular computer because it was just emailed to me
I haven't dubbed it into anything. Oh is there any truth to do room or about the higher the domination
More often the machines pay out that is true
You're better off playing dollar machines if you can afford them stay away from the five dollar machines unless you're a billionaire
They will kill you I
Know a lot of people don't have your deep pockets so they can't afford to play the five dollar slots like you can I I believe me
I shouldn't I rarely do and I'm not gonna
Do you feel they pay out more often than the dollar or 25 cents slot machines? No five dollar machines are killer and
And I've seen a lot of people win some pretty big jackpots on quarter slots and even on the two and five
Penny ones the problem being that now they have all these multiples
I'm going to Vegas later this month with like some of your advice Steve my advice go see the shows go eat some great meals and don't
Deloose too much
Don't get started. Mm-hmm. It's good plan. It is. I'm telling I'm smelling you right now
That's I mean I enjoyed and I can afford it even still you know even at this reduced income level your smelly
I'm smelling you now. Wow
Oh, not good
JP says just watch network again. I think the problem with these young punks is a total inability to watch a movie without special effects guns or explosions or stay awake
One of the greatest movies ever for 1977 says JP for any oh, I found it. Oh, there we go. Okay. I
Beat you to it though
Anybody hasn't seen the movie network. It's a mandatory
I'm a
We want the Saudi deal stop now we want that was great the Saudis and that was back in the 70s like the guy says
Yep, and the meantime the ragheads over there have raped the whole world
You know, we went through all those months and months of obscene gas prices and then you know all of a sudden
Oh, well guess what nobody wants it anymore. So we'll knock the price way down
So thank you, Mr
outgoing president for those low gas prices at the S end you and your Saudi raghead buddies if
They were if they were to blow that country off the map tomorrow that would just bring such joy to my life
Just took up a long you get a suck all the oil out of there and then blow it up
Oh, I'm sure there might be some you know decent people over there
You think like me maybe not
Any we got any Saudis in this audience
No, come on
Let me look on yesterday today. Yes, just out of curiosity on the stats and you know that domain report we have just
I'll come to stats aren't all because I haven't clicked on a day here we go domain report
And this tells us how many hits we've gotten from all Canada most of those are mine
Iceland 145 where they have that new or no Ireland. I'm sorry that I was gonna say that new dyke mayor whatever she is
Or Prime Minister whatever the hell she is in Iceland who hell knows and who cares?
Let's see do we have any Saudi Arabia usually we do Netherlands to
What pretty weak no Saudi Arabia yesterday
Slovakia
six
Japan five
Denmark one New Zealand one
Saudi Arabia two
Wow a couple of big mockers over there at Saudi Arabia listening to the show. Well, you know what hub they're in dread how do you like that?
Call off the Israelis and have them interpreted for you
404 votes on the poll I'm not gonna read that it's just two. I don't know. It's okay
But there are too many long choices. I you know don't you have an aversion to reading long
Poll choices. I have a diversion to read in short ones
George says he's gotten a version of short ones
Hans Beck is dead, you know who that is no in Frankfurt, Germany
Oh, by the way, if you go to Germany do not go to Frankfurt boy. That's a crappy place
Hamburg is not bad. Hamburg is beautiful. I don't want to go through that thing about the lakes again because I always get
Along with the name of the lake, but Hamburg's beautiful
Berlin is sensational and Cologne is the best
Cologne, Germany. Yeah
Yeah, next time you go to Amsterdam get on the train two and a half hours on the train to Cologne cool
Cullen beautiful beautiful city beautiful people great food
What's not to like and they have that big old church? Oh, I want to think about most of the cities of any size in Europe
They've got an old church. You know what I mean a big old church
Wow like in Ferenza and Florence
They got a huge huge old church and I have to then they got the old church right by what used to be the red light district
I'm not sure if it is anymore now that they're cleaning up the city nobody wants to go there anymore
That is so tragic
tragic I mean like
Copenhagen before I ever went there. I guess he used to be really like
Pervert city, you know, and then they cleaned it all up and now all there is is a bunch of 711s every street corner
There's another 711 yeah, and they have pizza at 711 by the slice pizza. Oh, yeah, that's right a slice
It was pretty good as I recall I recall the kid that was working there
The at the counter much better, but the pizza was pretty good too pretty tasty and maybe he would have been too
Didn't get to find out Hans Beck created the colorful plastic playmobile toy figures that sold by the millions around the world is died
8.79
Does that ring a bell with you play mobile play mobile play mobile not to look it up
Play m o b i l one word
Geobrop brand stetter gm b h and company which owns the playmobile brand set in the statement that beck died January 30 after long illness
A train cabiner maker and passionate model builder. Oh, yeah
What yeah
Children like little for little children. Oh, that became a pattern developer for
Horscht brand stetter owner of these zerndorf base company in 58
In 1971 he created and developed a three inch tall line of figures for the company which were dubbed playmobile and brought to market in 74 a year later
The simple yet visually appealing line went global
It has since expanded to include everything from farm animals to dinosaurs along with planes trains automobiles and shifts
Some 2.2 billion of the toys have been sold since their debut
Playmobile is a toy that doesn't impose specific play patterns on children
But rather stimulates the imagination said Beck who retired in 98 after becoming the company's longtime development director
Beck said once his main rule for toy designs was no horror no superficial violence and no short-term trends
Originally from Germany's central state of Thuringia Beck is survived by his wife and son
Rest in peace. Why do they always say that rest in peace? It's a thing. How else are you gonna rest?
You're gonna have like nightmares, right? You're gonna like toss in turn you might like Bobby Lewis. That's right that bugs will bite
Tossin and turn in Bobby Lewis. I bet you got that coming up 1960 61 maybe
What do you think waiting 61 waiting for it to come up?
Tossin and turn
You know what you say
61
All right
No, that's enough. That's a melody of his smash Bobby Lewis. I bet you he might be dead
Maybe I'll Google it during the break
Please enough talking
So I wanted to reconnect with old friends, but I was having a hard time finding them
I tried everything the phone book the internet. I even considered hiring a private investigator
But the cost was outrageous then I found out about your website
Introducing
Thawker.com a website from the creators of my space and Facebook
Stalker.com will help you reconnect with old friends and old obsessions my ex and I we're gonna get married and have kids and raise a family and a
Hubbers by he said I wasn't emotionally stable enough and then I needed help
Creating a nameless profile is easy just log on to stalker.com fill out the questionnaire with your personal information
And then you'll be able to send anonymous threatening messages of harassment to anyone that's listed on my spacer Facebook
You've got mail
What's this
Yeah
Stalker.com
Yeah, we can relate yeah 1217 at 560 w3 and Bobby Lewis is still alive in fact
February the 16th will be his 82nd birthday
Don't forget today's the fourth only 12 days till Bobby Lewis's 82nd birthday
You're not gonna make me write that on the calendar are you no? I wonder if he's still tossing and turning you think
Maybe maybe a little bit just tossing
Kathy says forgive me if you mentioned this before today, which I did not
Know your love Karen Carpenter as much as I do. I don't think quite as much Kathy. I'd like to just fine
I like to music a lot today's the anniversary of her death in 1983. I just wanted to make a note of it
Playing songs would be nice, but appears we won't hear them until the show goes on the archives now. I don't understand what that means
What don't you understand?
It says playing songs would be nice carpenters, but it appears we won't hear them until the show goes on the archives
What what does that mean? I don't know what she means by that
She must not be listening right now
It was this was sent at 1122 by an hour ago
Mm-hmm
Playing songs would be nice, but appears we won't hear them until the show goes on the archives
With somebody please interpret that for me. I don't get it. I wish I could sorry Kathy. I don't understand
Barry Jackass says the fake Barry
Hearing rumors from clear channel that Ed Kaplan has been contacted about doing nights on the soon-to-be Fox Sports 940
How do you like that? Well, I tell you what it doesn't take much to be our point. Oh, you know, yep
When that be something get a lot of our people back over there to 940
That Fox all sports starts in March
Which little Tommy jico is the day late and fifty dollars behind on that boy
Tommy used to be pretty sharp about what was happening in the market, but that's that's that's back in the day before the Tribune
They decided to deep ball the Sun sentinel
They'd be balled in
John James says Neil you are great when George revealed a few weeks ago
You actually pay out of your own pocket for the comedy which played on your show some of them
It just shows what a great person you are who else would do this for their fans
I just want to say thank you Neil. You really love us. You really do and for me and everyone else here at the Orphus
We love you too, Neil
Maybe I care about the show maybe I would like to approach stuff on there that somebody maybe that's why I played chicken neck
Yeah, out of my own pocket
Serious bucks too by the way although you know with everything that's going on nowadays
Tell him I got a meeting with him tomorrow. Okay
Conference call
chicken neck
Jolly Joe
Joyce yeah rate Perry
Clarence
Clarence of course, so Clarence who takes such a strong personal interest in the show, you know
Oh, yeah
He's gonna have a talk with Joyce and he's gonna straighten her ugly ass out
He's gonna do this and make a list. Yeah, we're gonna be able to play like boys and very sound
On here. How do you like that? Huh poison very for Joyce
Man, I'll tell you one thing there has been some real hazard I going on this week in this company some unbelievable crap
But every company I mean we're we're Pikers compared to cheap channel. I mean they just they just cut bare bones. They fired everybody
cheap channel
And I haven't heard anymore from the fake Jimmy syphilis by the way whatever happened to Jimmy hey Jimmy you fairy
Maybe he had a bet on the cardinals I doubted
Joey Reynolds is just obsessed today the fake jury Reynolds when you like to find out who this one is
No, maybe it's Bill Marshall
That would make sense. Now whatever happened with him. I don't I don't really know
I don't mean what date what was his what was his deal? Was he like the bird? I mean was he like a he was the producer
Joey's personal producer he would follow him around
He would run the board or any other control. He would play the drops
You ever watch the Joey Reynolds show and progress when it was on iod
He would sit in like the guest chair like you know where you sat
I am that him right. Yeah
Joey would sit where say for example the bird sat while you did the show are you cereal yes
And then Bill Marshall would play all her and run all the drops and the this and the that oh my god
So he would like a guest on his own show
Exactly and he would take the you would be the one flash and hand signals back and forth with the producer and then he would tell Joey what to do
He would write Joey's jokes
Oh my god
That's is it all from me
Sure
During the election cycle of fake Joey says every call CNN trying to capture the pulse of different cities
They tried to interview a particular radio guy from a city
They'd find a local host to talk to in smaller towns like Kansas City or Denver and Des Moines
But in Miami there was nobody to talk to
The ask Neil Rogers need to climb to be interviewed no they did not ask and I did not decline
All I would have but and they couldn't come up with a replacement
There just wasn't anybody qualified to be a radio spokesperson in touch with the city and listeners here
There's nobody talking about the community or local events at all and any meaningful way having an impact
There's no local morning guy to pull a promotional stunt to get everyone's attention like standing out in the cold for 24 hours
And a bathing suit on 9.95 or some ridiculous thing time joiner certainly is gonna do it
Elvis Durand is isn't doing it from New York
Schmidt isn't committing to Miami to appear at some shopping mall to solicit blood donations
Glenn Dreck isn't gonna talk about school closings and possible teachers striking over paying budget cuts in Miami
Again, this is not an hostile to think about local and live radio
This is part of what's wrong with this Miami market in 2009. Well, they had funny, uh, footy
Fuddy doing at the
He was a local local that went over like
Hemorrhoids so that needs to have be you know a human being
With all the changes in radio other markets bigger and smaller than Miami still have some local presence
Just look around the country with all the syndicated programming and voice tracking most cities bigger and smaller
Still somehow have at least one strong and solid local talk show host program
And at least one strong and solid local morning show on a music station
The reaches audience that goes beyond the limitation of its own stations format
Some kind of a go-to show for mornings in this city
And this is why Miami for a lot of the ranks is one of the most
Disappointing major market radio town as Joey continues on and on and on
It's disappointing it by blah blah blah blah get a life forget about radio joy. I have no like oh my god
Good golly miss Molly
Talk about obsessed whoever that is that's that's mr. Radio yeah
You know it's the close proximity with the mr. Radio email. We got moments ago when these Joey emails
It's mr. Radio come on mr. Radio fests up John's ETR fests up and a very entertaining and refreshing way to do that
That was great. Mm-hmm. It was was named illuminating it was my favorite though was Edwin
O'Brien
Which one was the word whatever his name was
I'll tolerate gay people I think you're saying my will tolerate that one
Why do I have to budget the audience with my obsession with Brady Quinn and this one and now and Matt castle and
Matt Liner and hot guys, you know
Well, that's what fags do you know they're obsessed with the hot whatever fill in the blank gee
Quincidence what a surprise. Yeah
From 24 at 560 WDQM don't forget to send Valentine's Day roses or you're gonna pay for it all year long at pro flowers.com
Order your flowers now for delivery on Valentine's Day and you won't have to think about it again
Pro flowers roses are rated best value by the Wall Street Journal
Guaranteed to stay fresh for at least seven days easier and faster than standing in line with the florist valentine's table case starting at just
1999
Pro flowers has got an exclusive offer just for my radio listeners
But it expires this Friday so pay attention get a dozen sweet expressions roses for just 39 99 and get a second doesn't free
Plus a free glass vase to get your two dozen roses and free glass vase
Here's what I want you to do go to pro flowers.com online
And find the radio microphone in the upper right hand corner click it and just type in my password
Neil R and EIL Neil R or call 1800 pro flowers
That's 1800 PRO
Pro flowers don't forget to use my password
Neil R don't wait because this offer expires this Friday and valentine's Day is only 10 days away
1800 pro flowers
Oh Neil you're listening to Neil Rogers. Holy cow
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you sank my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy
Crucifixion
Crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play
First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it
But be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed
I'll take a death
Um, how about a kid?
Nope, sorry Billy
After three nails and one spear to the chest everyone loses
But don't worry in three days you can play again
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion
Why not play tonight comes with a small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included
Crucifixion a product of Trinity Brothers
Oh
30 is 560 wqm here's one for you
Okay, now you have to say okay is supposed to oh, I'm sorry
If George loses his job and he's he's not moving back in with me
This is from mother of George. I see he smokes too much reefer and farts in his sleep and I wife of his oil
Can he move it with you? Neal, please mother George no
He farts too much and the smoke too much weed
These are all true
And that wife of his oil yeah, sorry mom
How old is mom by the way mine 44 on the pole we're gonna make 500 yeah yours not mine. She's dead 85
85 oh boy
She's got at least another 10 years to go all right. I'm sorry. She's 84. She's gonna be 85. Oh well. I love it years like I said
Are you factoring me something? Yes
Yes
Okay one moment please
Oh
It's an article somebody sent text messages lead to teachers firing
From Santana from alapada they faked him defeat us
I didn't like this people are coming out of the closet today
Isn't that great it is great all the fake ones that now if just the fake joy rentals would come out of the closet
That would be a breath of stale air
You
Serious exam closing yesterday at 14 sent the I know it's it was down to 13 hours back to 14
voted for cutting into a merging lane at the last minute Brian McCabe God screw Brian McCabe okay
Scrum and screw as a toscala couldn't stop a beach ball from 600 miles away
If it was if it was rolled by a two-year-old
George would smoke it though if was rolled by a two-year-old
Why do you like the size of the type on this thing?
Pretty tiny
The Brawitz School Board fired a high school teacher yesterday for sending a student
Inappropriate text messages and pull the sunrise charter schools permission to operate wow
Sunrise community charter school which shut its doors in January after being forced out of two different locations
Will not be able to reopen for the 2009 and 10th school year after the board yanked its charter they yanked
The school could reapply for charter by August 1st for the 2010 11 academic year
The two-year-old school moved from an Oakland Park boulevard church to a Tamarack building
Overwinter breaks after sunrise city officials said the church was never brought up to necessary safety standards to operate a school
Two days after opening in Tamarack the school had to close because it didn't have permission to move in
The school's 147 students had to enroll in other elementary schools
Franklin Zamel and attorney for the charter school argued that both closures were beyond the schools control
In part blaming unusually tough enforcement by the city of sunrise after giving the school a clean inspection last year
He also said no dangerous violations were involved and the school's plan to open its permanent building at the faith tabernacle church on West Oakland Park boulevard in the fall
The school board members said they would consider keeping the districts contract. Well, why do we care about this? I don't know
God
School board members also fired a separate spay high school science teacher for sending inappropriate text messages to a student last year
District official said Peter
Varani 36 tested a female
Texted a female student that they western school several times about going on a date
He also texted the girls best friend about it a message Varani admitted to but lemon insisted was a joke
According to the complaint by bros school so prevented Jim
Hotter header hunter something
The complaint said Varani asked another student to cover for him and said she was using Varani's cell phone to send the text message
Girls also told him to investigate his Varani grabbed them by the hip and tried to hug them
What's wrong with that little kissy kissy little kuchi kuchi kuchi huh little kuchi with the kuchi
It's wrong with that
Well, we got stuff going on, you know if it's not by the priest of the rabbis. It's by teach hey teach
I mean, what is that whole thing about you know the all these teachers go into jail and for years and years how about that bitch in
Was it Seattle
Somewhere in the northwest member not sure which one and then the one in Boston
There's so many they have their own website now
And the thing that I don't understand the one in Seattle man
It was like a Vietnamese kid or something like that. I mean he looked like that would Mary K. Leternold have really a famous. Oh
Yeah, holy cow
Get her some get her some magnivision reading glasses and some question hole and a spyglass. Oh, yeah
Wow
Maybe he had something that didn't meet the eye
That could be
From the moment she saw him she knew that he was the one he knew what he was the one
He was the one all right. Yeah, he's one. He's one of them
Real strange people strange
In cheeky bug guide. Yeah, freaky
Okay, here we go again now. This could be a John GTR who I don't know. I mean, would he would he morph into somebody else
On the same day that he's coming out of the closet with the ladies
Well, you know, I keep him such high marks and deservedly so for all of his good fake emails
Maybe because it says Neil this is from Kim
Signed a concerned friend of the greatest panther announcer
Oh
Neil I'm getting real sick and tired of you busting on Goldie
I met the man the other than an apple bees
He had just left the panther game with sitting at the bar eating a spinach salad
Let me say what a great guy he really is your name happened to come up and boy there was quite a discussion
He said that he really liked you a lot but that your material was extremely old
And that's the reason your ratings have dropped to an all-time low
He said that many years ago he liked your material
But he's getting very tired of you abusing and trying to destroy him on the radio
He said he thinks that you would have made a very good hockey announcer. Yes, I would and was
He's a good man. You should stop talking trash about him
Why don't you just take him out for a beer and try to talk to him?
Well, he was here last night. He was here all day yesterday never contacted me
I could have taken him under my wing and you know
I don't think so personally. I think you're jealous him because he has a great job and does an excellent job on the radio
I'm jealous of Geltie. No question about that
You should take a serious pay cut because as Geltie says you material is very old and outdated
Hopefully soon he'll take the 10 to 2 times slot. Maybe your uh, it's Goldie. What?
Maybe you and Geltie
Calls him George your do-boy should just move on with your life stop abusing him side a concerned friend of the greatest panther announcer
Wow
Well greatest panther announcer doesn't cover a lot of territory
Well, they just had Barney Fag on again, but I missed missed you on good. Oh wait. Oh God people really hate you
And it's not to hate us because we're hanging out with you
And you have to help us deal with that there are signs the banks may be listening
Wells Fargo which got 25 billion dollars and bail out my yeah, give us a little something something okay to tie this over
Got all these billions of dollars all you banks give us a little something put in our account
Especially that bank of mine down there. They finally got my ATM card string. I took you know how many calls it took
Yeah
To get them to stop blocking the name ATM account. There's more money in there since Jesus was a baby ever invented and uh, they oh
Well, you know good and then when you call they have to do these verification things to make sure it's you
Now what are these cars? Did you ever own or cosine for which of these addresses did you ever live at which uh, oh my god
What
Which of these penises did you ever come in close contact? Well, you know like that they got pictures of those do that yeah
They email your pictures
Leo says just saw immortal beloved last night for the first time
It's nice when Hollywood actually made movies that are not for idiots and explosion chasers
PS please tell me they have a they're not 86 the bars namsten and before I got it to get to go
Well, I don't know I haven't been there in well. Let's see we were there last year
Mm-hmm
And they hadn't done the design but but all the stuff came up since then
I think they're mostly the coffee shops a lot of them are going the red light district a lot of it is going
Most of the tourists they're going someplace else. It's a good movie by the way that he mentioned what a moral beloved what is it? It's the Beethoven movie
The Beethoven movie. Yeah, it's about him. Oh
You have to be joking me. You think I would watch that. I don't know why not. It's a phenomenal movie. It was great great story
I won't even watch chettler's list. I know well. This one doesn't have anything to do with Jews
So maybe the one what's the one that what's his name was always trying to give me to watch that he gave me the
Shashank redemption oh, you're seeing shashank yet. No
In fact, one of the things that I really despise about MSNBC
Is the fact that on the weekend they have lock up and all all these other jail shows
I mean who now wants to see that who wants to I mean even jazz McCain won't watch that crap
Right yeah, I don't get it either you're right lock up
Yeah
Whoever whoever who ever came up with that idea of MSNBC ought to be you know what shot locked up oh
Kathy
Kathy says I was making a cryptic reference bad joke about your reading of the rabbi pedophile story
That was interrupted by the stupid EBS test meaning about the Carpenter's music we'd have to listen on the archives
Sorry, oh, I get it. Sorry. It says Kathy. Don't be sorry Kathy. We're sorry
We're gonna play a little Carpenter's there because today is the anniversary of her death
She wish a little
I'll say goodbye
She sounds so butchered at you know
Rainy doesn't Monday's always get me down. No
Starts out just like rainy days more someone
Remember to get to that great guitar
Nerry I just heard that magic magic man George is the magic man
You can't really make more effects they can't rest
And then how do you like to rebel at our meeting on the phone on Monday or choose to whatever to Monday
Coming up with that crap about how I always used to be two people on the show
Yeah, because I was there a million time. I was there and you were there
We didn't eat a third person because I wasn't doing a show from here. So what the hell is this idiot talking about
Maybe he has Alzheimer's he is old-timers fat ass old-timer. That's what the fleet told me
Love look at the four of us come on. What'd you chop her off there for because come on Karen little watercress sandwich can't be all bad
The latkins is okay. Have you a cheeseburger go to five guys a burger and fries
We're not hearing Karen we're just hearing music. I have always been a dreamer. What is that I have you
You do right here. I got you ready. Go ahead
I was born to be long never heard that before in my life
I'm out of the woods. We've got a smash. Here we go
Oh
That sounds like her balpert you know what it does doesn't do yes it does
And they were they were on a name records right the Carpenters I believe they were hey I bet you a
Herbie Albert Albert Albert Mark Albert but just somebody knows that story
About that band leader
Yeah, I heard that story. I know band leader. Yeah, I don't care how many
I'm not gonna race him though. I'm gonna put him out to stud
Cardoom cardoom
Cardoom
Here let's go to lunch
Okay, it's enough of them
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow
Tell it everyone
Love
I
Will I thought him on the opera television show saying he is a man but to me he looks like the mama
I want to get things done. I'm only
Why
That Reverend right
He must be crazy
We make record profits once again
Be the owner your company
Taking on
Just so go
For the rest of the shore, for the gods I never say it so quick
Abrax Your future hall of favour
but now you're on a team that could not be any labour
Goldwird love
Mike taht a man in the swimmingirie
Oh the mountains
Whening in the goose it's a huge event
I picked a girl from Alaska, governor Sarah Payton.
Are you ready for the good day?
A little bit of comporter.
Yeah, we got the cane and a bomb on the second.
Against this thing started.
Hold it down, down, down, down, down.
A notion to repartions on slip-and-stuff.
A separate, very big fight to do it.
And we're dropping out high-pressors for the kids to win.
It's just a bell. It's the bell I built.
And they're debating me on cap until he'll.
The baby, baby, old teen's going to jail.
For the robbery and that is the verdict, got him nailed.
I'm not a doctor. I'm Joe the Plumber.
A hard worker. Don't drive a hammer.
We're in the big three.
We're in the big three.
Christler GM.
Christler GM!
We are the jurors to fool our private guests.
And then said, we're poor.
We are poor.
Well, it's better right now.
It used to be high.
You've got to be smile off till you're white.
Tries to guess. It's coming.
Way down.
George had to duck some footwear during that farewell speech.
A couple size 10 win flying.
They came up at a rackies' feet.
When we're out of order,
we're out of order.
To the white heart.
Kick over for the kids right out.
Moving out of order.
To the blue heart.
And moving in with no money down.
Now, what that was just about?
What?
From John James.
Remember John James who was ripping you last week?
Yes.
There's a spot that plays online where
Mandage is going on and on about how great the Steelers are.
He sounds like he's having an orgasm.
Can you tell Jim he didn't win?
What does that mean?
So please Jim stopping in jerky.
You didn't win.
So stop acting like it.
Steelers won.
They didn't cover the spread, but they won the game.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
He didn't win.
Well, you're an idiot, John James.
Whoever you are, probably a faker.
Here is one that says Neil, you've gone too far.
I put up a lot of crap from you every day as I listen to your
game is on my radio.
How dare you say something negative about the greatest movie ever?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Now we do have somebody who came out of the closet.
Oh, I knew it.
I knew it.
Since it seems to be coming out today, I will own up to being the fake
joy rentals.
Bill Marshall is behind me telling me what to type.
And guess what is, Mr. Radio.
Yeah.
Of course.
Obsessive.
Nobody else is like, I mean, all this trivia about Waxie did this
and this one did that and oh my god.
Get a freakin life.
I have no life.
That's obvious.
I mean, I've been working in this business since I was 17 years old, almost 50 freaking
years, 49 years.
And if that's all that was my whole life as radio.
I mean, I'd already be in a box because radio was finished anyway.
But how many years have I been telling you that radio is done?
It's finished.
George is really good on the show, so, Sal, earlier in the week, a bunch, earlier in the
week, a bunch when George was taking a beating for being lame.
You follow that?
A little grammatical problem there, yeah.
I'd like to add my two centavos.
Well, go right ahead.
As lazy and boring as George is, he's doing his best under conditions that you've set
up.
What do people expect from George when you, his boss, doesn't even give a damn about anything
anymore?
Why has George somehow blamed for all of this?
The audience is taking out their anger on the wrong guy.
If Neil doesn't try anymore, why is George supposed to?
No, you got it backwards.
George is the one who says don't try anymore.
Right.
I used to work in a company in the boss started to slack off big time.
You know what happened next?
The company went bankrupt.
Everything comes from the top down, Neil.
It's no surprise that WQM is firing people this week.
Now, that was last week.
This week, there's slicing everybody's pay.
Get it right, Sal.
That's right.
I'm the one that made George boring and whatever else he said.
Stop it.
Captain Singh is back again.
Don't mean to be a chronic emailer, but wanted to share a picture with you.
I'm sure the audience will enjoy it.
My parents visited Elkford, BC recently where they have a lot of mining near mountains.
And they took this picture with a monster truck.
My dad is six feet tall, so you can just imagine how tall each of the tires on this truck
are.
Wow.
Wow, it's right.
The tires are like 15 feet high.
And the monster truck is like, I don't know, real high.
By the way, would you ever consider living in Vancouver or Toronto?
I like Vancouver a lot.
I love it.
You know the problem with it?
It's just too damn far from everywhere.
Okay.
You know what I mean by that?
Well, it's way over there.
It's like Vegas.
Oh, when you're going to go back to Vegas, Neil, I'm not.
It's too far.
It takes too long to get there.
There's nothing there that I can't do right here.
I can lose my ass here.
In fact, I got my shirt on, my pantalonies, not my shoes yet, though.
I still got my slippers on.
For that doctor, Al, who's like keeping track of every fart and every.
Are they pink?
No, they're white.
They're not pink.
They're white like a bunny rabbit.
I see my ass.
I betcha.
It isn't what it is.
So how do you like that?
Now, John James turns tail after ripping you all week.
And now he's decided to rip me and I go right ahead.
I can have a look.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Here's one that says from Kevin.
I miss fat Chris so much.
I haven't voted on the pole since he left.
I hate you, jolly.
Joe says Kevin.
Kevin hates you, jolly.
Joe.
He misses fat Chris.
And my buddy Ken from up the road in the Tobacco sent me a link to a story about the
Jonas Brothers and actually open the link.
Can you believe it?
Wow.
One is gay.
One is diabetic and one is ugly.
One is gay.
I better check that link again.
Just research.
Can't be Joey.
Hey, Joey.
California went broke.
You already knew that, right?
Yeah.
Three and a half million dollars in payments.
Hold it.
On hold, I'll make a couple more movies.
I'll make Terminator 5 and everything will be just fine.
One is gay.
One is diabetic.
I know one is ugly.
There's no question about that.
The Jonas Brothers.
Yeah.
Now, how come we never saw the performance at the inauguration?
We saw your re-throw with that nasty ass ugly hat and that nasty ass fat body.
We saw your re-throw and we heard her chop that first country wouldn't have.
Yeah.
I thought only chicken- connected perverted stuff like that.
He's catching on.
He's catching on.
He could be like the next year re-throw.
Only a little bit.
It's the one to two hour.
One of you has been a little bit tightly.
I only have this much money.
I declare bankruptcy.
We're all scraping for some dough.
All our payments are must be hised.
But kid wants the latest mobile.
But I'm in the unemployment line.
She complains to her mother.
She needs the best clothes in town.
But my daughter can't see that we're broke.
She's spending me to the ground.
I'm broke.
Tell my daughter.
No, she don't realize.
Daddy's gonna spank me.
I'm broke from my daughter.
Your daddy's little girl.
Your dad took money for the school book fair.
And we just go shopping.
New graduates are asking for a breast implants.
Oh, you're gonna just puke when you hear this one.
Fuuut!
Go ahead.
Go ahead!
Neil, Shaw Shank, reademption, was a decent movie.
Greatest of all time, I think not.
Now whoever said it was the greatest of all time.
Not me.
The guy that gave me a question.
I have a question.
What has happened to movies?
There's no way to compare them to the movies of the past.
Top five.
Now wait till you hear this list.
Clockwork Orange.
No country for old men.
Troy, saving Ryan's private.
And check out Burn After Reading and other co-uners classic.
Saving Private Ryan was a very good movie.
But the other ones that are on that for old men.
It's not even one of the top five thousand.
Right.
And Troy, it's a great show.
I think the co-uners are second best ever in my generation.
Love you, Neil, Chris and Miami.
Your tasted movies blows, Chris.
Clockwork Orange, I grant you.
Top 10.
Yeah.
It's one of my favorites, if not my all time favorites.
Really?
Yeah.
I like it a lot.
Would you like that snake?
Basil.
PSY to Spanish people accentuate their ease.
Really Marlins says Chris.
And not only that, but how about like I'm busy.
I'm busy.
That's what the Paco's always giving me.
I'm the accent goes.
I'm busy.
B.C.
B.C.
Very easy.
And also when I, he'll ask me how to spell something in English.
And I'll spell it for him.
And I'll say E.
And invariably, you know what type of like on Facebook or something.
He'll write down I.
I understand that in Spanish.
That's how you say.
E means the letter I.
Correct.
But I'm spelling it for him in English.
In English.
Speak in English.
You think you know that?
You think you know that?
You're telling him in English.
Well, and he actually does speak pretty damn good English considering he, his mother told me that when he first came here four years ago, he knew chicken and...
Oh, bet.
You ought to see his boyfriend.
Good.
Good.
God.
Oh my God.
Oh.
His boyfriend's 20 by the way.
Yeah.
And how does it come out?
But anyway, chicken and the rooster.
Those are the two words he knew.
I bet you thought he was going to get another one.
Another one here.
Oh boy.
But it wasn't.
Yeah.
No, he knows that.
That's all you got to know, I guess.
I guess.
Lissette says, hey, I wanted to ask if you plan on coming down to Gulfstream this year to make an appearance like last year.
If so, do you have any idea which weekend you plan on coming?
Keep up the great work, have a nice day.
Have a great day too, Lissette.
But Jesus, it's the fourth of February.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, it's a little premature evaluation on it.
Just relax.
God.
I'm busy.
Very busy.
I wish I was busy with the boyfriend, but that's another story.
Now, the boyfriend's name, by the way, is Guilhielmo, not Guillermo, because he's Italian.
I say.
Guilhielmo.
Now, the only Guilhielmo I know is Guilhielmo Marconi.
I say, right?
I didn't know that was his first name.
Stuck a feather in his crap and called him Marconi.
You didn't know that was his first name, Marconi?
Well, how do you like that?
Now, Guillermo means Bill, right?
Yes.
In Spanish?
Yes.
I think.
No, I know it does.
Okay, then Bill Coller used to do that to you.
Okay.
Sometimes...
Do I have that one?
The, I don't know.
I don't know.
Let me look at my... sometimes I feel.
Oh, yeah, I do have that.
Oh, oh.
Sometimes I feel...
Like life's passing me by.
Sometimes I feel... like people don't want to smile.
Oh, and listen to show.
You may miss my like a child here.
You can help me get by my friend.
Bill Coller on a radio.
Bill Coller on a radio.
On sign on the head, Marity oh yeah.
You think all those faggots over cigarettes
and what did him or you as a chain smoker?
Yeah.
And died from the big sea.
They'll kill you.
All you people out there smoking them faggots,
first of all, they're expensive as hell.
Can you imagine...
Good Lord.
With the depression going on now.
I know.
Can you imagine cigarettes, Hills?
Although I guess if you're addicted nicotine,
no matter what the price is.
I don't have much of an option.
Because I see people like in my little convenience store here.
No speaking English, I see them buying faggots.
They're like nine, ten bucks a pack.
Yeah.
They can't be that much there, can they?
I don't know.
Come on there.
About the tax, the thumb tax.
I couldn't tell you.
Mike in Hollywood says,
asks, did Joyce ever cut a farther self in life about it?
I'll tell you about my color up over there in Naples
and asks if she ever farted.
I think she might have cried about it,
especially if it was wet.
Oh God.
So you told me that she's pretty a skanky looking old bitch.
I said she was a mousey little lady.
Mousey?
Yeah.
Is she really?
Or maybe she's trying to like,
butch up by dictating what everybody can say and do and like that.
Maybe she's trying to throw her weight around,
even though she don't have any.
Fake Larry King.
Now, wouldn't it be nice if we got all these IOD fake people
tell us who they are since today is coming out there?
And we had the John ZTR come out of the closet
and we had Mr. Radio come out as if there was a surprise.
Oh, the crap that that man writes,
the radio minutia,
even the people that he writes about couldn't care less about it.
Mr. Radio, get yourself some help or get yourself a gun.
It'll be good.
Fake Larry says George is morphing into the bird.
He hates sports is becoming a malcontent
and is even starting to cackle at everything.
Check to see if George has a Phoebe Kate's shrine in the studio.
And he spells Phoebe,
F-E-B-B-I-E, a Phoebe Kate's shrine.
Oh, so many illiterate people in so little time.
Phoebe Kate's.
He's voyish and goyish.
That used to be his attire.
That was his excuse for being a mousey.
I had to listen to every single one of those shows.
Yeah.
Well, that was his contribution to the show about the voyish and goyish.
Oh, he contributed much more than that.
Like what?
Temper tantrums.
A lot of sexual harassment.
Oh, yeah.
He used to go in the newsroom especially in anything with the boobs on the women there.
And backpiding, he was famous for backstabbing and backpiding.
Was he?
You, yeah.
You heard it.
Oh, you mean like when I was done in the crapper?
Right.
Or on vacation, taking days off.
He would put everybody on that you refused to talk to.
Right.
That's correct.
And then encourage them and allow them to rip you in.
Teresa says, have been a listener of your show since the 80s.
And now in my 70s,
and as someone who's relegated to staying home all day,
you're sure really helps kill the time.
That's what we're here for to reset to kill the time.
Recently, this past summer, I listened with my grandson
and tried to get him into you.
He loves your show even though he's 12,
and he thinks you are a great friend of old man.
He likes to dance along to your most songs.
I'm pretty good friend of old man.
The problem is that he started asking about sexuality
and why some people are gay and some are not.
Please Neil, how do I handle this topic conversation?
Working by old shows in the 80s,
so I can get him into when you were in your prime.
Oh.
I can get him into you when you were in your prime.
Oh, but he's a big fan.
Looking right in the eye to recent,
just say, you're fair.
That'll tell it all right there.
Oh, John's ETR left one out.
Yeah.
Now, why does it say Tim Harmire in the email address?
Oh, maybe that was the fake one.
Okay.
And it is a fake classic.
You'll recognize it right away.
I'm afraid I have to agree with the negative emails
you've been getting lately,
especially the ones criticizing you for not taking calls.
Since you went to email,
you've limited your listener feedback
to those who work in offices.
Look at me, for example.
Why am I writing an email at 9.30pm
to show that went off here at 2pm in the afternoon?
I don't get home till 9.
This means I have to wait seven hours to get feedback.
Don't take this as a negative,
because it's not.
But it seems like you're any email
that doesn't kiss your ass is considered negative.
I just want to inform you that the new email form format
is severely limited.
Those of us who want to interact with the host, Neil Rogers.
Before, I would call you to show a few times a day,
but now I can't even do that.
That's right.
Remember that?
Yep.
Please start taking calls again.
Please just give it a chance.
There are plenty of smart listeners out there.
Don't let the I'm your friend guy ruin it for everyone.
Oh, and by the way,
why is it that all the other host on the station
we're able to take calls successfully except you?
Because they're great and I'm bad.
That's why.
You're a bad man.
That was a good one.
Oh, Mr. Radio again.
Wow.
Mr. Radio.
How do you know from Todd Pettendill?
Well, first of all, if you were so astute as you think you are,
you'd recognize a lot of the bits we play our Todd Pettendill.
How do you like that?
If you were such a smart ass,
what you're not,
you think you know something about this business?
You wouldn't know a radio if they stuck six of them up your ass.
Here's Todd Pettendill.
Yo, my friends.
I'm really trying to make you think you're bad.
There's Todd Pettendill.
And then toward the end,
he morphs into a different voice.
He has Scott Shannon Sidekick on WPLJ in New York
and worked for Vince McMahon and the WWF.
He's really the voice of Chris Matthews and those great bits.
Yes, he is.
Any chance Greg Vudelle might be behind some of these fake emails?
His name seems to come up quite a bit.
Probably has a lot of time on his hands up there in Alabama.
Well, at least he's got something he's doing anyway, Mr. Radio.
We saw just all this radio trivia.
Even Mike Spindell is embarrassed by your...
...cafini of crap with all this trivia.
You ever see a cacafini of crap just this morning?
I smelled it.
I think Joey Delted and we all smelled it.
You get a lot of bits.
The new Rogers on the sports hall radio, WQA.
Here's the story of a lovely lady,
of Victoria's secret models well known.
Many teams stole that catalog from their mother,
when they were all alone.
Here's the story of a man Tom Brady,
who was the new England Patriots quarterback,
but in the opening game of this season,
we heard his left speak crack,
till the one day when the lady met this fellow.
They've been seen in all the Hollywood functions.
Now these two are engaged to be married.
That's the way they all became Brady Bunchin.
Brady Bunchin.
Brady Bunchin.
That's the way they became Brady Bunchin.
I thought he was a nice clean cut boy.
117 and 560 WQA.
We got 507 votes on the poll.
Eat your heart out, fat Chris.
Tubby.
Saw him yesterday, by the way.
Did you end?
He was here for the meeting.
We chomped up.
I finally gave him his birthday present.
And we had a nice chat and we went on our way.
Did he miss his birthday?
We met a couple of people.
We were not told in the stories.
No, we did not talk about that.
But he misses us.
And I told him that he missed him.
Especially on days like yesterday or on Monday.
Go ahead.
Oh, you are in prison.
I can never do with that.
They've got to hashtag out the phone.
When do you got nothing to do with that?
I know you don't care about the poll.
But at least the bedtime stories.
Listen, I don't want to get involved with that.
involved in that discussion because I'm going to be accused of taking a side or having
a preference which I know it isn't a question taking a side it's a question of getting
me some information since I don't have any contact with him anymore and since court
is full of crap.
Mark says what am I going to do with you I told you this once before a few years ago but
it seems like it's time for a refresher.
I need you to stop reading corrupt political and gay priest articles what's the point you're
reaching out to two groups of listeners one who agrees with everything you say about
religion and politics and does need their time wasted with subjects they already agree
with you about the other group is the total opposite.
Their religious and that is who loathe you for badmouthing the church and still believe
a politician is honest as the day is long you'll never sway their opinion on these subjects.
So once again what's the point if you must continue to read articles I need you to steer
away from these two ponderous subjects which everyone has a non-negotiable opinion on
one way or two I need you to do this I need to do that and guess what no.
Get right on it would you.
If you'd like you may read articles about Christian bail Michael Phelps or free grand
slam breakfast I'm okay with that you may do that but I need you to do this anyway I'm
just trying to do my little part to keep your show flowing and your ratings up I check
in from time to time with my commentary and opinions of what I need you to do to achieve
this take care loyal listener Mark.
Brandon says being a former chain smoker and smoking my first back in three years not
too long ago depends where you go it'll run you by five bucks a pack almost double
that here almost ten bucks in well what if you buy by the carton I don't know I don't
think they sell cartons in my little Chinese market no speaking English how do you do business
I mean we'd like to be opening a store in China and not being able to speak Chinese I
don't know do you want to me here's one that says Mr. Radio is full of crap he's not
the fake toy Reynolds I am assigned bill wise now were you there when bill wise was
still Eric I would know oh orange head never met him and orange head knows picking Yehu
now I'm trying to think of where the hell he came from or he played country music he
was a country music PD was what was GTR before was GTR oh good question I don't know but
he was a country music killed Billy Hick bill wise and was he in Disney who approached
me we had the dinner one night to hire me to get the leaves they didn't go to IOD bill
wise not so wise oh he was he was the PD he made Steve Nichol look like a rocket scientist
he made Roy Geary look like Einstein wow Phil Arks says I only emailed two times a week
but alter egos see they're all coming out of the closet today good only email the show
a max of two times a week but after hearing John CTR ZTR Z is in Zeta I feel inadequate I
want to have one other alter ego it was much of a success remember Jack Nazielski the
angry Jew who would get his friend to protest outside the station for not supporting Israel
yeah I like that one but now I've been inspired to develop whole characters it's a new day
and you've changed my mind I used to miss the calls because every once in a while I'll call
would become a drop or something the emails are the Shiite the Schmidt secondly you
enjoyed we're wondering how the bonuses be distributed now ratings come out every month they've
taken the average every three months stretch stretch and if you surpass the stated goal you get
your bonus or maybe not in this economy how now does he know that I don't know unless
he's a radio person yeah maybe he's a radio person well I have to get that straight
now along with that business when my next paycheck no more deductions jolly joe 50% was
bad enough 55% is absolutely unacceptable I in fact 50% is acceptable but nevertheless
it's better in being on the street see I had a premonition I knew that this depression was going
to be manufactured that this was coming and a bird in the hand a bird in the ground is worth
ten in the bush who probably Johnny Dork will be oh you bastard you were so nasty to the bird
you never respected him but yeah haven't heard from Johnny Dork in a long time it's the real one
by the way maybe that's the mention of PS's Phil Arke the Olive Garden is not bad maybe the
management cooking of the one you went to was bad not all of them are that way otherwise why would
it be such a popular restaurant oh otherwise why would it be such a popular restaurant the masses
are asses okay what Americans know about Italian food you could shove in a thumb in your thumb
up your ass was gonna say a thimble but thumb came was better who wants to put a thimble up the
ass I don't know you ever tried it schnizzy fit says speaking of corn brothers movies did you
or George ever see old brother were out though in my opinion for underrated says Duchennazel Chris never
heard of it yes it's a musical with George Clooney you're not gonna like it it's kind of surreal it's a
retelling of a George Clooney it's a retelling of the Odyssey or something like that I understand the
Odyssey yeah uh ravely reviews my daughter likes it I don't so go go from home or is the Odyssey
that's the one that's like a couple a more modernized version of it escaped southern
president here I was doing a one a thank you so much Brandon thank you you're you're you're
a 97 a1a your music way remember that that's right wow and who used to do the uh voiceovers on that
station I don't know Eric Brandon was in its side I don't know a1a your music way well wasn't
Johnny Dork one thing you got a hand Johnny man he's got a great voice yep I mean the real
no one's picking full but what another to coughing spell by the way if you wonder you're in a
calming spell I'm having yeah go ahead okay thank you oh the fact that that's Todd Pentongill
just leaves me I got my shoes on by the way got my shirt my pantalonies my shirt my shoes
all right and I'm ready to rock and roll I'm going to wood by right now I'll see you later
don't tempt me don't tempt me although I still have a pretty decent policy this is the kind of
day and lately I think with the exception of was it yesterday yeah that the emails were slim and
grim like Friday and yesterday well was super bowl weekend you know a lot of people were
planning for it and then they were recovering from it yes that's a week is maybe they were hanging
out of the bowl 513 votes on the pole and I haven't even paid any attention to it because I you know
it's got too many long choices on it and basically the messages people in Florida's driving sucks
in fact most people's driving blows no matter where you go when I live in Boston unbelievably bad
driving here unacceptable a grotesque in Rome oh my god in Rome they just they just scatter all
over the road there's no you know they don't pay the attention any lines or you know they just
they just drive yeah makes it simple well they're busy looking at those naked statues you know I see
oh good today on Dr. Phil let's do it she's a beautiful young woman who has completely lost her way
tell me about it I have a question for you I'm not going to take any of your questions what are you
Russia what is your point there are no extra
next door neighbors you're sending my satsually no sense whatsoever
Russia are you kidding me I don't know but are you drunk yes how much have you had to drink today
six pack that that is just so wrong but my gut is telling me it's it's so you're kidding me
yeah he's puke on two legs make no mistake about that 130 at 560 WQ we got the big oh oh
coming up at two wow and don't forget after the mad dog we got that keens basketball crap that
nobody in their right mind would listen to and then after the basketball game we got DA which nobody
oh well what's his problem I don't understand now I'm just it's just a joke
Don LaBelle Florida's got a Johnny Dorksighting okay he says I spoke to Dennis yesterday on ham radio
he's interested in 3d and I was coincidentally broadcasting live video in 3d from my website here in
LaBelle Florida he does ham radio Johnny Dork okay oh my god wow he's a ham so why not
so anyway yes oh the bigos producer Brian Spector just came in and gave me a phone number for
Brandon that said that he had the answer to a question you were asking on the air yeah so you want
me to call this person during the break no I don't want you to call Eric Brandon all right just
making sure what what are you talking about I don't think it was Eric Brandon anyway neither I'm
thinking it was who that wasn't maybe it was Eric Brandon somebody with a really good voice in
fact it sounded like the person who does some of the production for us yeah not that one with the
fake John Facendo voice WQAM it sounds like his nutzak is like hanging from the back of a pickup
trap WA1A1A you're a music way I don't maybe I don't know well I mean what differences are really
Mr. Radio ought to know he's the maven mm-hmm he's the expert does no squat from shineola
let's see tell loyal listener mark that he's wrong people fit into two categories all those
agree with you and don't need to be bothered by the issues of the Catholic Church and
those who love you and reject your reading of the bedtime stories about the Catholic Church sorry
Mark but I'm a fundamental orthodox Jew Shmata head who agrees with you let the pedophilia that
exists in all organized religion and anywhere else in society for that matter is completely
unacceptable needs to be rooted out when in doubt rooted out we are long past the time the problems
like this could not be earned public people need to be awakened of this sickness and it's time for
action immediately if not sooner thank you so much how you like that mm-hmm somebody coming to my
defense good George got a bit wrong old brother is not a musical it is music heavy and there are
few scenes where cluny and his gang and the fun stays yes I don't want to quibble radio singing
but the movie is not a musical correct in the traditional sense correct very good comedy based
indeed on the Odyssey in this full of sight gags the funny you see and takes place five minutes in
it's a sight gag where the audience sees what's going on but cluny remains oblivious until it happens
okay great it says I despise country music but the music and old brothers very good I will say
though the constant presence of music does get old after a while but it's a great film you should
watch it says Andrew thanks Andrew what's it called oh brother where art down okay one all kinds
of awards for the music but it's kind of bluegrassy the music here's one from CT huh yeah what's up
fellows I love the email action you got go and have it an iPhone like I do enables me to talk as
you as if you were right next door at all times I never felt so connected to you I had a request if
you could I haven't heard the John rocker bit in a cool stage would love to have you played it for me
anyway take it sleazy slappy Johnson slappy now which John rocker bit there's old John rocker I like
that one huh yeah old John rocker I'll find it here we got a lot I got John John John's plane
we got John Roberts oh my god old John rocker that's the one I like oh yeah got a love it
do you like it I like it a lot
you know it's down to the virus because your pitch is a rent
is well I hate it land up on this full of it's your panda
old John rocker take up soccer pack up all you dear and clean and you're like a now
old John rocker what a shocker here's a violent you should be a nigga fucking now old John
rocker take up soccer then we can take your balls take them all of it down
get such a mind and eat cloud everybody knows John rocker's going down down down
well I like that you're at the sweet I mean there's a whole bunch and then there was this John
rocker bit hello mr rocker I don't know what the type of pet me see me
yeah first up we will do the roachak test they love when you roll your tongue like that all
your boyfriends uh excuse me the guy guy good uh the roachak test is uh inkblots as they say in
English and I will show you these inkblots and you will tell me the first thing that pops into
your mind yeah yeah yeah yeah come looking okay what do you think this is formal
oh and this let's both okay and this one infected Haitian all right how about this
about the Valentine riding the baloney poly interesting what let's move along shall we
uh let's try some word association I'll say a word and you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your head
idiot no no mr rocker we haven't started yet all right here we go dog Venus
cat microwave the color blue where uh you know John why don't we try waiting a moment before you
respond jerk mr rocker I only wish to be your friend yeah well you got me on his couch doc you
oh what you fat boy John I'm a mad man sure yeah what's your wife's name Chuck no actually it's
glad is yeah you're glad is sitting out that you're a fat boy I'm out of here why are you running
stop running John John are you a wild thing do you make my heart sing yeah oh
me oh yeah I think the Neil Rogers I'm Chris Madgers welcome the hot ball on i may send me say I
got so much spill all around my food hall I could water the grass quite passively from all of
these years of working for tip on Neil crazy you know the passable reason my saliva glands are all on
a whack may possibly be because I drink scotch from a dog's bowl traveling from too many years of
working for tip on Neil big toe that wasn't good enough smotted up skinny enough plus I got
deal with like billow rightly take it shots of me every night I probably would have
grilled greatest minds you know my wearing a snee shield the reason I know that people finish their
answers because I can't hear what they're saying my ears are not even hooked up the constant
swishing of saliva in my mouth sounds like the ocean the only time I truly feel comfortable is when
we take hardball on on the road I let myself be see that way I can try to convince co-edges to come
back to my hotel room that is before they realize in order to kiss me get close to my mouth they have
to be wearing a mask and a snuggle many people don't realize John McKay suffered from the same
ality but he ate his saliva glands burned closed the environment didn't just one of the many
fairies and stunning differences we like to point out here I know my son be see here's one more
important fact you should realize before you go to the building booth they have different hair color
I'm Chris Matthews play hardball I miss him be see okay 16 go to I drag that's an oldie yeah
yeah here's one from Johnny dork why do you keep bad mouthing Glenn he loved you and it was you
who back stabbed him it's sad to hear you and George disparage him let him rest in peace
says Johnny dark were we bad mouthing the bird all the time it's you feel bad now it is you
I'm not saying anything and I never have themself in the back yeah yeah a real softy
when they're 50 grand a year all the free food he could shovel down his push and no that wasn't
good enough me cut it out Johnny dork okay he's dead see one thing about it when somebody dies
you can say whatever you want and they can't hear it what do you do that oh and also our
Manda want to know back in the days you used to have a great promo called heavy metal needle well
there was I played it for all right was it do you like it I like that a lot good
this this clown again Roger and Don and Pembert pines this is the same guy who think I think
who thinks you know something about movies speaking of movies top five ever we think
apocalypse now Glengier Eglend Ross the shining oh also clockwork horns no doubt and finally
godfather one and two godfather three I don't know what happened with that one if we had to add a
six good fellows oh by the way what do you think of the halftime show for the Super Bowl we
thought it's like I don't know because I didn't watch it I heard the boss wailing for about two
seconds and I immediately went to the kitchen and I got some to eat oh can you run get the truck
by jack lemon can you run it let me ask you can we run it I'm running it right now
get the truck get the truck get the truck I close the by close the car oh boy
wow yeah what a fast finger that was huh how do you like that
I like it Roger and Don are Oja and Provocate to arm goam of course we can't play we can play the
there's a short version of that isn't there then we can play I don't know I don't think so oh sure
there is I don't think so there's not like I said can't play it and quit causing trouble
professor doctor Henry F. Finkelstein another fake name says first of all I got nothing to
bitch about screw everybody I mess with George including his mother Neil is one of it's one of
the greatest days of my life about a month ago I lost my 85 grand IT job I was down and out
had nowhere to look up got fed with all the work for peanuts piece of crap jobs I was applying for
bills were waiting I bought the house in 2005 it's worth about 70% of what I paid for it
crap well here is the deal today I decided to create my own Jew bailout plan here it goes first
off for clothes on the silly house walk away from the bad mortgage which will give me about 12 to
16 months of free living yeah the credit will go to crap but I have a Jew wife with perfect credit
plus I don't really need it anyway I Jew wife also has a job that's he'll keep doing the fact that
I still want internet cable iPhone etc also I have enough of this severance pay to be able to get
enough weed for about 12 to 16 months see where I'm going for this exactly a 12 to 16 month
vacation I got screwed now it's time for me to screw I'm not going to look for a job for 12 to
16 months so I'll smoke my bailout plan every day while playing PS3 and Xbox while the city group
figures out what they're going to do with those billions of bomb is blessing them with so Neil
I'll email every day and probably listen to the archives as well I love my life for the next 12 to
16 months what do I got to lose credit who cares what am I going to buy for that the new Chevy or the
Chrysler love you both professor doctor Henry F. Finkelstein what do you think about that
I don't know a lot of Jew stuff today you know I'm a very juicy show today yeah
can you please play I dig the jock song I missed that having heard it in about six months is JP
I don't have any idea what that is I dig the jock what
book of Brian did relatively recent I dig the jocks yes
here's I did your wife did you know it's not it's not in there so it's not one of those discs I
I don't even know what it is I dig the jocks you got it oh oh that one yeah we're here hopefully
it's real long how long is it two twenty three eight eight all right let it roll
go ahead I'm a badly dropping fan of board hold radio and all the fun the model jocks who speak
in monotones in the creatures of a macho sport hold that game dreams of how I want to pump my
muscle in between their cheeks I dig the jocks I dig I dig the jock jock jock jock
forces all that matter if you want to get me firm I'm aware of women but they just get
on my nerves I like dropping at least they says if they really know me in the company of
low-leaf board holders and curves I dig the jocks I dig the jocks jocks jocks
bandy slap and towel snap and bandy jocks are sweating I would like to wig their legs all the way to
heaven in this sports bar knocking back up through with all the guys watching games at the one
time goes running up my eyes I dig the jocks in white cube and soft I dig the jock jock jock
board hold judge about athletes all fin you weigh in the wetty let me strap these
garters on and change my name to Betty one day on the board hold show they talked about the
weeks how did they know listen there's our into a big feet I dig the jocks sports always
matters I dig the jock jock jock
oh sports it the only thing that matters
and back sports always matter nothing else nothing life
okay great 151 a.k.a. I'm here's one from Malaysia in Concord North Carolina I haven't heard from
her a long time I quietly listen and enjoy your show daily I sit in my desk and I'll have a
son burst in laughter okay my outlook calendar is blocked off someone's casual meaning during your
show despite all the cutbacks still think you enjoyed bring uniqueness to radio just burst them
haters off your shoulder hola back at your girl remember I'm a lissia hola back that's right she's
the hola back we just holland back we're hollying back Steven Jersey says the a chris Matthew
stuff is hilarious to go ahead bits are bites are perfect go ahead oh I did I uncutely yeah my 24
year old daughter just got back from week and aims today I asked her if she checked that in the coffee
houses when in Rome dead was her response love that kid he says here the sirens coming yeah Obama
looks like he's already aged 10 years dealing with all the BS I'm not sure who's more clueless the
voters who keep putting these idiots into office those same congressional idiots that are hung up on
Roger Clemens while the banks and other bailout beneficiaries rob us blind that's right roids they're
into roids New Jersey politicians arguably the most corrupt in the country Illinois and Florida
notwithstanding past one billion law this year five hundred dollar fine for drivers not yielding
to emergency vehicles nice boys and girls take February off WTF South like java Steven Jersey's
little up pork pork up tad bit just a little bit well let's save some of the southern turd I mean
stuff what hey this is the way it's supposed to work there was a real good pilot emails today we
had a John Zeta Yeta whatever's name is come clean oh and Ron St John by the way did all those of
oh yeah that's mr radio you to he knows his craft if it's trivial stuff that nobody cares about
its mr radio it's day if I am the town at five six oh WQ
you've been broke my attention that you're rating since I am now well I don't
want to show you what a big ass and I was till you're in how you're done you're good
fight somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants it ain't easy very no chance I'll have to be
coming back outside of considering a look where it is and counteract if you want to know what
will save you from shutting that transmitter down why that's easy sure
won't you need new smells
you better show
for you
ny's standing Yum
In the Iran you Kings
Have a watch
And we
I
Call you
Because
I'm
The
Call It
Even the cre

Thighs
Ev 
She
And
And
Give me the fuck this ain't real!
Ha ha ha ha!
What are you gonna do, fire me, huh?
Like, okay.
Buh-bye, buh-bye.
Buh-bye, buh-bye.
Buh-bye, buh-bye.
Bye, bye, bye!
