The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests on here and you not reflect those
Usually brought to Georgia's
Not for a Tisers for agencies
No, no
Oh, thank God
You am my amie for the last minute. Oh back up again. That may be I could hear you what why isn't this exactly?
What are you doing obviously a whole lot of nothing? Why isn't this playing? Oh?
Wait a minute. Oh
Lonnie Mac
I don't know you hear anything
How's that?
Somebody mess with my board. Jesus God almighty
You ready? Ready to start the show? Yeah, 560 W.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's the Neil Roger show to talk to Neil dial 560
560 in date and Broward in other counties called toll free 877 785
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones the opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQA
Imagement staff or sponsors now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM. Oh no wait till you hear this
Is it about Ted Stevens? No, no, it's about the Q the redron. I must have leaned on the mouse. Well, okay
And I got about 8,000 of those all stacked up. I guess I have no idea. Oh, no
Yeah, I'm clicking and clicking and clicking
What do you mean by that? Thanks for making me feel better for that abortive start. You know, oh well. It's technical
Problems right I can tell I got lots of fill of you to put away. His name was Moe Gray. Yeah, this was a great man
Man of vision and guts
And there isn't even a plaque or signpost or statue of him in that time
someone
But a bullet throw his eye
No one knows who gave the order
But I heard it wasn't angry. I knew Moe. I knew he was headstrong talking loud saying stupid things
So when he turned up dead
I let it go
And I said to myself
This is the business we've chosen I didn't ask
Okay, the order
Because it had nothing to do with business
You know who I am I'm Moe Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
You
Okay, so anyway, how do I clear the cache now you you know how to do it right F2 F2 F2 again
Highlight one of those things in there and it should be highlighted already something in there
What do you mean in that window in other words the F2 will bring it down to the play window
so
So
Should be in your play window now with one of those items highlighted highlight
Yeah, and then now press enter a whole bunch of times or just hold the enter key down until everything clears out of there
Enter enter
Enter enter not enter
Enter enter
Enter
Enter enter
Oh, there we go and now it's oh there's like 10 million of yeah, we'll just hold the other key down
It'll blaze right. Oh my god. This is not a good way to start. Oh, and you know what what it works
What are genius that freaking George man? You almost like I didn't have to go through that before myself
They got a liened on this freaking keyboard over here don't ever do that again me
So I'm gonna have to enough for twice to get back now I'm back. Okay good good. I'm doing anything I'm back. Hey
Just relax I've been using this thing a long time man. Well you might have forgotten
In fact, how did I get those godfather drops in there if I didn't know what I was doing right
For example your father did business with Hyman Ruff your father respected Iman Ruff
But your father never trusted Iman Ruff in my home in my bedroom where my wife sleeps
Well my children come and play with their toys
They come and play with their toys at any rate. Yeah, we got a bunch of droppings whoopie do
I'm I'm I don't know I say it, but I don't really mean it. I'm a little godfather burned out
You people at AMC get it get another movie
Get another flick and what's the point of showing the godfather they they use they do the sterile version of it
The antithec version
Well, let's AFC for you. Mm-hmm
They're a little bit the queasy now. Yeah, I just don't get it the whole thing
In fact, there's a thing where in a place where he says GD
Oh
Yeah, pretty we he's asking Clementsa how bad's the war gonna be and Clementsa says pretty GD bad
See, I can't say it either right
And so they take the GD out and he says pretty damn bad
They they're all kinds of little places in there where they do that the meantime
They're blowing each other's brain job
We've blood and guts the scene with sonny getting shot on the causeway could there possibly be anything more violent than that
And yet we got to like a dittle with words man that said the world in which we live
Diddling with words
Nothing wrong with diddling, but not with words well a cornficker virus is underway not to nothing to me
How about you you got everything copacetic I did absolutely nothing. I think it's mostly in Asia
Isn't everything
Yeah, all the bad stuff SARS
bird flu
All of these
Here we go JP Marshall says Neil the show is gotten old
Is gotten I mean how can there be so many illiterate people out there?
You know, I mean if you're gonna take a shot you're gonna give us
Go ahead, but the show is gotten old they're making a word listen since day to days. Joyce is killed a golden goose
Someone please help please help with a whole bunch of exclamation points. JP. Please help what
me
That's right. This is the show if you don't like it go away and quit the love quit. We are
Could be worse and let me give you an example of how could be worse
I have two emails about the same and one from hawk mark real or imaginary
Hey guys last night I received a text from management announcing that Ed burliner will be the new morning host starting
April 6th. What an inspired choice what creativity don't you think not it says not
From hawk mark your buddy
But bad burliner if they could have made a worse choice. I can't imagine who could have been
Ed burliner we filed by even animals hate him
Anything living anything breathing we files Ed burliner
The absolute worst piece of turd ever to darken the airwaves and this is gonna be the morning
Well, you know, I guess if you're gonna follow an obnoxious to the kid
Also be filed by most by most civilized folks
We got his jingle
Ed burliner yeah, Ed burliner should we send it over to the yeah, let's send it over to hawk mark here. You go mark no charge
You got your own a capella
Where's the whole where's the other one the full bouldy one that's in there what well. I'll find it. I know you
Here it is the jingle
Burliner
Better you than us hawk mark Ed burliner to do mornings across the street is if we care what's it got to do with us
Nothing
John and for Lauderdale verifies that he says hope you're feeling better. Yeah a little bit
This is dreadful. Geldeon with Joe Rose this morning. They're even reminiscing about the good old days with Diffo on the worst team
Oh my god. He said oh my god
Heard a promo on the ticket this morning. It's official Ed burliner starts Monday 6 a.m. Till noon
6 a.m. Till noon
what
Can't be right
6 a.m. Till noon
Oh, it is how they luya
Whoo that can't be right. No, I'm sure
Don't be sure don't be sure you know you're right
Anything is possible in this market in this business
This is the business. Let's see. I think I have that in there. I so later
Roth
Yeah, that's what he says
Bad post nasal drip. It's a Jewish thing
Did you know that I thought it was he's dying thing oh
He was he down from the same heart attack for 20 years
I think he's gonna look and then he died from the same bullet in 20 seconds
All those assassinations. I guess uh Michael was slipping the dawn
Because uh his bodyguard
Couldn't protect himself with that pillow when he was trying to smother him and Roth and the other guy that did shoot him and Roth
He got but a bang
He got sonnyed
Andy Hallett's dead. We got some obituaries here Andy Hallett's dead at 33
Demon of TV's angel. You know who Andy Hallett is? No
Andy Hallett played a green skin demon who was the consummate greeter at a karaoke bar
He was a singer and actor who portrayed a lord on the vampire series a spin-off of buffy
He died Sunday night at Cedar Sinai Medical Center. He was 33
He had caught 9-1-1 Sunday evening complaining of shortness of breath
He was rushed to the hospital and pronounced at 8-35 pm and autopsy is pending. He was 33
Wow, what's the name of Andy what no Andy Hallett HALLET
Hallett was born 1975 the village of Osterville, mass part of the town of Barnstable on Cape Cod
He attended assumption college in Worcester, mass and studied business
I know a lot of people are studying monkey business what I said. Oh that guy. Oh, you recognize him
You know who that is just from that one series. I didn't watch it, but uh like maybe a couple episodes
Hallett told the Cleveland plane dealer in 2003 interview that he loved singing while growing up on Cape Cod
But his friends discourages efforts then patty LaBella divided amongst states of singing lady marmalade
Whether it a concert when he received a plaza and request for photographs. He realized it was really a life-changing experience
He moved LA where he worked as a runner for an agency property manager and then personal assistant
He was singing in a university. He said he blues review when he met and became friends with Jaws Whedon
creator of the TV shows including Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Spinoff Angel
It was Whedon who asked how to audition for the role of
Kreblawn's worth of the death work plan known as uh something
The character was the consummator to karaoke barn and caritas where Lauren was able to read people by how they sang
How it played Lauren for 76 episodes and sang in six of them in one episode. He sang lady marmalade and now
He's dead. Well 33
Something a little suspicious when somebody croaks at 33 is there
Yeah
Yeah
Shartness of breath
Maybe he was maybe attended that ultra festival over the weekend. Yeah, I'm suffering from just shortness. Oh
Yeah, me too different kind
Lord leaves a lot of a short that's the way the Lord works. He's a real miserable sadistic bastard lord
Yeah, that's all right. I think we all get a little bit of a Lord up our ass if you know what I mean
He's everywhere he wants to be yeah
1013 at 560 wqm isn't the Easter coming when is Easter Sunday? Oh one of the Friday is Friday right
Let me check. Oh, you let you check. Oh my god. What kind of a goi are you
Good Friday is a this Friday Easter good good good Friday good good good
Meal
American
We salute you mr. Pulled out in front of me then slow down guy
You pulled out of chili's parking lot like a pat at a hell only to bring traffic to a screeching halt
Yes, I can read your bumper sticker and I want to strangle your honor students
Oh
Your goal for cutting me off is matched only by the excruciating noise
Belching from the exhaust system of your viewing
Sure 25 saves lives, but it's your ass on the line when the hum be behind you decides it's go time
So we salute you mr. Pulled out in front of me and then slow down guy
Your dashboard Jesus your crack vinyl top and your fondle
You are a real American a hole. Oh, I forgot to tell you a great thing happened to me on Sunday at Woodbine
You said it's winning money
I was sitting next to this lady and her mother
Okay, woman. I would say in her 50s and her elderly mother elderly older than me and anyway
They're playing next to me and they lose and the
Before they left the woman the younger one she says turns to me and says
I just want to tell you smell really very good
Well then
Hop in a sack. Thank you very much. Yeah, I did I do smell really good because I use some crap, you know
Yeah, we don't and I figured I'm living up to my model if you can't look at at least smell good good plant
Don't go out of the house smelling bad smelling like nasty old sticky Chinese money. Oh, like no shit for it
Well, the old Chinese man got an excuse and I was like that. They're old Chinese. So it was cheap
And hot water
Mm-hmm
Marlowe is glad you're back. No offense George good Friday is next Friday April 10
Well, thank God somebody out there knows what those going on and we don't have just a bunch of heathens that are gonna burn in hell right
This show by the way will be pipped into hell
If you croak before I get off the ear
This show will be pipped into hell
Oh, look at this and the halitide 33 oh congested heart disease. There's the update. Thank you, Bos
Andy Halitide of congestive heart failure 33 and then a little bit oh
Young that I have congestive heart failure. I'll say must have eaten nothing but fat
boy
You must be eating at the allergy garden
John's ETR says hey Neil did you were George get to watch Gamora? I haven't gotten any any movie from anybody all right
I said about half the stack when
Uh
Monday come in the package yesterday. I'll tell you that and by me. I said I mean
Lee sent it
Who Lee?
Flea. Oh my god. It's a movie about the Naples Mafia. Nothing like the godfather though Gamora
Not to be confused with Sodom because there's no H on the end of it. So it must be a different Gamora
I don't know and I don't care next Friday is good Friday
So I guess that means this Friday is bad Friday. What a stupid bunch of crap all these and Pesok is coming. Oh
Oh
Please tell George I send another back to movies including some of George's favorites like the spirit and watchman
Okay, what are you laughing about watchman was awful but no, thank you for the copy though save me the money
If I haven't to go buy it
Well, if was awful, why would you go buy it? Because somebody might want it. I would steal it anyway, so
Save me the trouble of stealing it
Brandon says all that one guy's gonna get really upset. Oh there he goes with Brandon again. What's the big service with Brandon?
I don't know he just said something's worthwhile
As opposed to where where
And then I am taking your advice like for example the fake Greg Budele
I'm not the reading his crap anymore whether it's real or fake. I don't care
Not interested in you Greg never was and never will be and nobody else cares about you either
Stay there in Alabama with a banjo on your thing you jackass
I'm not reading those I'm just deleting them immediately
See there's a whole there's this whole bunch of radio misfits
It's good word for including still on here in the market. Although nobody knows where they are if they're on
But they're just dying for attention. So they want to use me as a conduit through which to gain attention. Yep. Not gonna do it
Nobody cares about those people and then and mine in most cases nobody remembers who the hell they were anyway
Right am I right? Yeah, so freaking loot me absolutely right
I mean more they remember that's so you can never do too many
Oh small potato people from a hundred years ago small potato even frankie pentangio by whatever's name was pentangely
Wouldn't believe it a worse down cheat you
Just like what
Oh, I got a knife in his body must know what he's yelling out there. I want to know
Some body that who cares how you know I do he says it hoits probably
Anyway, Brandon says I wish that would show the complete saga where it's one and two combined oh yeah, I am see
We need a lot more godfather an AMC not
I think they only got like about ten movies left
In addition to the movie being shown in order we see in one and two one the day Clemens have found him and Roth and give him a job working for Vito
Really yep, too when Connie's wedding was over Vito Michael Sonny fray to one time go to visit
Jenko who's dying in a hospital pop had jenko look what I got
Three when Paulie is driving Clemensi to get the mattresses
Clemensi pulls over to make a call and when he turns the corner he actually goes into a restaurant. He's some spaghetti
Huh
For we see the day Vito and Clemensi meet Tessio for the first time in five
We see Sonny tells mama who's cooking dinner Vito was shot and then he makes a call to Tessio to get everybody together get some buttons out on the street
Well
While Frado was sitting on the sitting on the curb rocking back and forth with his head and his head again
again
Nothing like having Frado as a bodyguard let me tell you he's the kind of guy
What's that bit I'm a kind of guy oh
What is that that
It'll come to me that Tyson. Oh, yeah, Mike Tyson. I don't want to play it. Okay
Kathy says just heard it you know something this thing with Ed Braillin is probably the April Fool's joke
That's probably what that is it's a gag April Fool nobody's that stupid
six to twelve
Forget it if he's on from six to six oh one. It's too long
That that's gonna be an April Fool and then they'll say oh we're just fun in you. We got something else coming up and blah blah blah
Our yeah, who cares
Just floundering around flounder radio
Kathy says so is this official April Fool's just heard a promo that 940 was supposed to be the operations manager at 940 joking around
This doesn't make any sense and now that they now that we had an African American elected this person
There wasn't anything better they can do because getting a woman elected would be crazy
So they figure they'll get the dolphins into the Super Bowl as the sports animal
Well, that did that make any sense to you?
I don't know none whatsoever Kathy sorry. Well, I guess she's under under duress
After hearing all this huzzarai said they're changing over this Friday night
All sports on 940 just what we need it says this really sucks. I mean there's always streaming online but
But yeah, they got a big signal over there 940 50,000 watts speaking of signal when we get in that change over here on Q.A.M
When is something gonna happen for Christ's
No
Tomorrow the train comes out tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock, but Jesus God they these people are just talk about floundering who the hell are we to talk
My god
Just go the days keep rolling by in the weeks in the months and we continue like we're like your feet are moving
But you're not going anywhere like running in place
Like run a freaking radio treadmill. You know what I mean? Yep
Our our foots are moving
Well that thing from Kathy that was a pretty incoherent
Did you understand anything she was saying no that really but we love you Kathy we love you Kathy, but get some help
neon god
I
One more time
No, no, that brings out
Every
Uh
Uh
Ienses
Oh
What to shut down are you sure you walk to empty trash now?
Yes, I'm sure and I'll click yes and kiss my life
Are you sure?
I don't know why
My computer should ask
At all
Are you sure?
When I decide about the future I have to restart
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
My Microsoft craft my head's not that far up my ass
Yes, I'm certain
Oh baby, I can land my mind's made up
The rabbit and pet's in an arc
Are you really sure?
Yes or no?
It's constantly asking
Yes, I'm really sure
Are you sure?
Stupid computer
Don't ask me
Yes, sir
Let me ask you one thing
Are you sure?
1032 at 560 WQM it's Wednesday
We got the big O2 Mad Dog at 4
Nobody is out on assignment anywhere
They're all in the studio
Dolphin at night 7 to 8 o'clock
N-N-D-A-211
Nice pristine schedule
Do we have some kind of a canes event at 1030 or something?
Oh man
Are we a little late for it?
Don't tease
Here's the poll from George yesterday
What's the coolest name of Guy Everhead?
You know, I really should have called in sick on Monday
Then maybe I would have worked yesterday
But does it make a difference?
Not at this point, no
No, I felt much worse yesterday than Monday
Monday didn't sound all that bad yesterday
It was like really stuffed up and oh god
What?
I'm still stuffed up
What's the coolest name of Guy Everhead?
We have 710 vote, 710 WGBS
What's 710 now?
Radio Mambe
Radio Mambe, no speaking English, I'll keep
Dick Trickle 83, Evil Canoeville 71
Basil Rathbone 53, I voted for that
Is it Canadian?
Basil Rathbone
Right on, cool name
Basil Rathbone, well he was very distinguished
Years
He was
And he was in a lot of good movies beside childlike homes
Stone Phillips 48, Vinicio del Toro 44
Rock Hudson 34
You fairy
Rip Torin 33
Sid Vicious 32, Dick Buckis 26
Dick Pole 26, Wolf Blitzkrieg 26
Antonio Banderis 24, what's so great about that name?
Antonio Banderis, there are some cool sounding spick names and he's got one of them
The Ashall Hammond 24, River Phoenix 21, how come there's an S on River?
I guess he won't care about that
I can't do it now
Van Diesel 18, Vin Diesel
Trent Resner 15, Johnny Rotten 13, Berr Grills 13, what is that?
Berr Grills?
It's some guy I've never heard of but he's a real good
Joe Smokes and Berr Grills
Wolfgang Van Halen 12, Chris Moneymaker 12, well
Well I haven't said that check out for those guys
I guess he's not a Moneymaker
I don't think about it
I'm still pissed off about that whole thing with the website
Thewqm.com website, somebody should rot in hell for that thing
It's the biggest piece I've turned
I know that Flea is making a, you know, an effort to try to like do something with it
Jettley 11, Bart Star 11, Dr. Harry Pepe 10
Oh Pepe, Sweet Savage 9, Hulk Hogan 7, Axel Rhodes 7, Blacky Law is 6
Lake Speed 6, what about Luke Halpin?
Who?
What about him?
John 46, Twiggy Romero 3, Manly Power 3, Jacka Root 2, Jacka Root
Every time right in Mousperger was saying, now let's go down to Jacka Root
What kind of name is that, Jacka Root?
Funny, Jacka Root
Tan Tran 1 and Slash has none
I put none for Slash
What?
He didn't have a chance, I put him on this morning
How about Luke Aburatsi?
There you go
I noticed that because I was keeping an eye on it
Because people were sending in more suggestions
People were sending in names of fictitious characters
As cool names
As always, you know, answering the question they want to answer
Oh my god, sometimes it gets so overwhelmed by life
You know what I mean?
I just want to plot
Oh and your friend PR Ralph came through for us
What did I do with it?
I didn't print it out
Yeah, he's the only observant Catholic or at least one that knows what's going on
I didn't print it out?
Oh yeah, here it is
The Holy Schedule from Holy PR Ralph
Axel
What?
The Holy Schedule
That's what he says, the subject Holy Schedule
I looked at this and I thought Holy Moly, right man?
Those tights are getting tighter all the time Robin
There's that one drop in, I just, as long as I live, I will never forget it
There are a few
I'll find it, one moment please
Here you go
He was his ward, not his pedophile
I mean, talk about things that make no sense, but nevertheless
Palm Sunday April 5, that's this Sunday
Okay
Passover, oh he's got all the stuff here, all the Holy to Jews to go in
Sundown, April 8th, which is next Wednesday night
Get out the matza, get out the pacidic he candy
Oh you may, it's going to be so wonderful, I'm crawling from it already
Yeah, the Nazi of Anishavets and the Mogen Devon, what?
The night is the Thursday
Passover 4.9
Well it starts the previous night at Sundown, when the sun goes down
You know how when your sun goes down?
That's right
Good Friday, next Friday the 10th
Easter, next Sunday the 12th
Oh let's get out the Easter Bunny and all the Easter eggs
You think Obama's going to have an Easter egg hunt on the White House lawn?
He might
Don't they all eat your Monday is April 13th
I think we talked about that last year, I never had heard about it before last year or the year before
No
What is Easter Monday?
I don't know the sleep in day, the ocult
Is that like boxing day?
The day after Christmas and other holiday?
Box your rabbit
Eastern Orthodox Easter 4.19
Well screw those go I am
Eastern Orthodox, everything's got to be different with them
Holocaust Remberedst day 4.21
What kind of a morbid thing is that?
An administrative, what?
Admin professionals day 4.22 get Paco a gift
Yeah, I'm going to get him a gift
He's got two, I guarantee he's the only person in this whole building it's got two cars in the parking garage
I'm going to get him a gift
You should live so long Paco or whatever your name is PR Ralph you get him a gift
Michelle and Key West has missed you yesterday
Please take care of yourself and watch your blood sugar
I think I'm on the way out
I think one of these days soon I'm going to be saying I'm dying out of here
I really do
No
I feel like death today, death boiled over
Where did that expression come from?
Death warmed over
I don't know
Maybe because your brain
Jorge says what?
Huh?
Jorge says I just heard the spot
A 940 this is basically we helped elect Obama now we're switching formats maybe we can get the dolphins to the Super Bowl
I think there was a better odds for a black president in the White House than the dolphins in the Super Bowl says Jorge
I thought we had enough sports under that already with QM in 790 and you're forgetting the other 25 sports stations
Steve Lapa and his 45-10 watch stations you know 640 and 850 and 14 this and the 19 that oh god
They must have all been listening to Ray Perry
Oh if we had a lot more sports talk station to bring a lot more people to sports talk
Yeah, you can tell that with those numbers that start with a
Oh
On those James Crystal station those are the kind of station that Norma Kent likes
I haven't heard from her in ages and you know what spy with me he's got nothing to report
I made this deal and it is what it is you know I just filled out that talent sheet for March
Mm-hmm makes me again want to put my head in my hands and cry like Fredo again
Again
But that's the way jolly joe belted I guess these people were pressured I guess they knew there was going to be a big economic meltdown
Yeah
Do you believe that no I think they're just a bunch of cheap hard ass bastards I want to screw me over and everybody else too in the Humper
The Humper of course still had ESPN to fall back on
It's always good to have something else to fall back on George like your relationship with the people at Gullstream
You know he's going to work there you could be a jockey I could be a handicap or a handicap
I still thinking about that one horse on a Friday I feel so bad about that
I mean he was right there he had all all the reason in the world to win
He stalked the pace on the inside saved all the ground and then when they came to the top of the stretch he just
Pukes guts out I hate horses like that pukes
You know what I mean yep
Gutless spineless painting pigs
God
Crusture supreme
He is on the pylons 4th and he is about 4 and a half length soft
Oh it's George and Downs
There's my man Anthony McDonald in the pocket no chance Anthony's 21 to 1
You know I don't I really don't even know what I like about him
One thing about jockeys and harness racing drivers the racing world is done a really poor job of
And this is one of the reasons they're both dying is that the personalities are the horses and then you know most people can't relate to a horse
Right but do we ever see the jockeys or the drivers we know what they look like to when you know anything about them
Yeah most of no right one or two like Jerry Bailey you know Jerry Bailey who in a bar coa
Oh yeah well and ischkovibble and makes you pisher 1041 at 560 WQM
I want to bang in the butt honey
Hey it's Vince here for the sham out a towel that soaks up anything you won't believe this friggin towel
Soaks up water milk cool aid hook a blood your own blood after hook a bite your tongue the tears that you can't stop shedding
Once you realize that your career is over before it ever really started soda everything the sham out call now because you know we can't do this all day
We're busy waiting for our lawyers to get to the station so we can tell the cops exactly what happened
I'm Vince for the sham out my life is over order now
That's not bad cute
That is very cute sham out you're gonna be saying wow sham wow but I don't know this thing just sells itself
So what the hell we need you for right that I was up a few points 45 nothing to get too excited about nothing to start
I'm very depressed about this email from Kathy follow up do you have said anything bad about her I just said her email was somewhat in coherent
Well you're you're bad now and she was her way not to she says I give up can't win with you I try to write in with stuff that's interesting in time
And at the same time not become a pain except maybe with George behind the scenes about hell's kitchen
If I go into all the details of something a bitch said this thing just goes on and on and on
So I write today there was an announcement on 940 that sounded like an official announcement of the format change they've been delaying denying only that it was done in such a joking way that considering what date is it was hard to tell it was real
I try to keep it brief for you and you can't understand it and I need help buy just Kathy how do you like that hostile now you're chasing her way too
What a bastard you're a mean man I talk about a bunch of sensitive people if you're sensitive don't be emailing this show
No sense of humor my god and you can't understand it I need help if you take it personal Kathy maybe you do need help I don't know buy buy Kathy you can't win with me honey
It was it was in coherent it didn't make any sense and I know sometimes people they do that it makes sense to them but then you try to read it to the make a sense to you
That's me I chase everybody away sooner or later
Dick trickle 87 evil can evil 77 and Basil Rathbone 54 those are the contenders on your poll right on I'm gonna change the poll so do you
Do which I think yesterday like right before noon well I'm changing it right before 11 do it like that do it
Because I got one on there we've done all these other ones but I don't care. Oh, yeah, who does?
Well look at that there's also one for the next day on here. I'm getting so far ahead of myself look at that the thing I hate most about living in South Florida is blank
Look at all the choices unverable heat from eight or October old parts that drive way too slow
Cubans who votes pink English in an elevator cops pigs who hide behind trees and stalk innocent civilians that's that's here too everywhere
Ask clowns who talk during movies criminal County commissioners and politicians sharing oxygen with H. Wayne High Zenga now that's bad a shot at
Valdi but it's well deserved
Rampant crime and murders French Canadians on Hollywood Beach I'm I'm voting for that one antiquated roads and transportation
System too many shopping malls and dirty bookstores
Root customers a service that most stores and restaurants pathetic sports franchises David Samson and Luria stealing tax money from taxpayers to fund a stadium and waiting online at restaurants
I'm voting for French Canadians on Hollywood Beach and elsewhere wherever they are I'm voting for that road system because that's the closest thing to the traffic we got on here
Oh
Well, you don't want to enter down there the traffic I would love to go ahead do it now what
Go ahead
Coolest name a guy ever had dick trickle 87 evil Geneva 77 Basil Rathbo 54 stone Phillips 48 but he's you'll tell 40 for rock Hudson you fair 35 and rip torn 34 rip torn
Rift torn what a name that was and what a what a weasley kind of guy he was to he was like you know, I mean we see was he yeah the big thick guy
Rift torn yeah no way you're a rift Taylor no
Oh
Rift turns a big guy. No, he's not okay a
Lot let me look at whatever you say
Weasley weasley
He's old now, but he's always been a big guy big fella not like fat, but like big barrel-chested kind of guy the big fat head
Rick turns seeks to avoid darkened driving charge we got that
I don't know. I remember him as a younger actor and he was like slim and weasley and I don't know. I don't remember him as a younger actor.
For 1931 that would make him 78. Oh my god. I thought I was old 78. You got his mug shots on here. You see that? No. Google his name and then click images.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do lie down
lie down
but that's just keep getting better and better they did and her uh... keeps
hanging out which probably sentry thank you card
you know thanks brittany
for hanging out
maybe we should have the pacco bankrupt the concert you stay closer and
i guess you could have probably some
what
that he hang out with her
i don't know i doubted
opulsmith other fake creation of john ztr i'm sure
says never too late
kneel good friday's a holiday for all christians
I listen to your show, but sir, I do not appreciate. I do not approve of your Christian bashing.
Stop it once, or I'll be forced to stop listening to you. Govern yourself accordingly.
Oh, this is crazy. What's his name?
Rario.
Whatever is the highlight. Yeah, I'm telling you.
This is the day the Lord has made and enjoyed it and give praise to his name. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Give praise to a name.
Oh, yeah. How do you holy God? Yeah, no, no, no, yeah. Screw you.
It's never too late to accept the Lord and be saved. Remember, eternity is forever.
Do you want to spend it in heaven or hell? God bless you and George.
Well, thank you.
How do you even sneeze you at this morning? Why sure sneeze a lot on Monday?
Yeah, you did. Did I?
A little bit. Not just on the air. I'm talking about all days.
Oh, sneezing and weezing and sneezing and sneezing and weezing.
Oh, maybe it's my life allergy. I think I'm becoming allergic to life in my old age.
Maybe it's my I my QAM. I don't know what station is this QAM allergy. I OD.
So we got the train coming tomorrow and then sometime this weekend 940 goes all sports.
Oh, I got a thing about that. I never got to muddy a hailedide.
I haven't got to the Jamaican thing yet or the Conficker virus or the Rush Limboff failure.
Billboards. Oh, don't tell me I don't have it.
That would be really, really bad. Oh,
you've got to be schmitting me. Oh, no.
You wish when I picked Tom Jicca, but it was a lengthy rub down and run down on the whole 940
thing. Can you believe I don't have it? I believe it.
Oh, here it is. Oh, I knew. I knew in my heart of hearts as they say.
And I hate people and say that stupid crap. To my heart of hearts.
Yeah, where is that exactly? Like in the middle of your heart?
Yeah, no, it's in the middle of your ass.
Clear channel on sports on Wions 940.
It was reported in the Miami Herald that we could go that clear channel would flip Wions 940
back to sports. We've been telling you about this for weeks and weeks and weeks. Have a way?
Yep. We've been on top of it, baby. If it's happening on your radio, in your radio, or even deep inside
your, we know it. It was originally a sports talk station from 2001 to 2004 before flipping
well, the first you don't succeed. Try try again. I think what Tom means is fail again.
The first incarnation was build 940 Fox Sports and the call letters actually were WRFX.
Remember that? Yep. WRFX. And just before they went all sports, that's when Rick and Spud were
doing mornings on there. Wasn't it? That sounds about right? And failed miserably because Rick
was doing a stock market report every day. By the way, the thousand 42 points.
Well, there's Gordon Brown talk about a constipated bridge. We must stand. He is the epitome of what
everybody hates about the Brits. Well, following that constipated held a bag. Stodgy.
Boring. Anyway, it says that it's line up included only one show that was considered original
programming. That show was veteran sports talker Jorge Sedano, Waxi Miami in afternoon drive.
Their morning show was a time by should that surprise anyone? Keep channel making a money grab?
Hosted by Carl Foster unemployed now and need a mark. CSP and radio Baltimore and PM drive host.
Carl Foster. Remember that? Oh, the rest of the lineup was supplemented by Jim Rome in Fox Sports
radio. Oh, Rome. Hey, Rome. That's our home. That Rome. That was a 52 and a half point.
Anyway, the fake Tom jikas says the current incarnation, which looks to it there,
Waves either 413 or 420 will have a mixed syndication of first.
6 to 9 a.m. ESPN's Mike and Mike in the morning. Oh, my God. 9 a.m. to noon. The Dan Patrick show. Oh, my God.
noon to 3 Jim Roome. Oh, my God. 3 to 7 Fox Sports radio's Chris Meyer show. Oh, my God.
For some possible local programming, Jeff DeFloris or Sid Rosenberg unlikely at the start because
Chief Channel won't want to spend money. The White House Chief Channel would employ DeFloris since
he admitted to paying a Mikasuki Indian gaming marketing director kickbacks in 2002.
And to ensure he got the contract of broadcast television shows from its Tammy Amitriol
casino. DeFloris was arrested for the incident. Meanwhile, Rosenberg's at a non-competit of six
months since being ousted, canned at Waxi 790. So 3 to 7. It's another Fox syndicated show.
7 to 10 p.m. Fox Sports radio's Petros and Money. A good L.A. show. A terrible national show based on a
KLA CLA 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. Fox Sports radio's veteran talker J.T. The brick. I remember where you
say I have J.T. The brick on where here. I made here. Oh, no, here. Was it I.O.D.? I don't know. No.
Who cares? And 2 to 6 a.m. Fox Sports radio sports soup. Some concoction VP Don Martin thought was
good. Where they replay the best segments of the day. Sounds like the cure for insomnia. This is
little Tommy fake Tommy. So that's the scoop on W.I.N.Z 940. No word on what their moniker is yet.
I would guess something like 940. The animal or something real original like that.
Oh, wow.
Oh, Mady Hale died. I try to get all my deaths into the beginning.
Do you ever hear of Mady Hale Cowboy actor? No, Mady Hall. No, not Mady Hall.
Mady Hall was Canadian and Jewish. A.Is he dead? Mady Hale? I don't know. No, I think he's still alive.
I don't know. Google it. Do it.
And who is the announcer on a J.J. Stewart? Okay. What a memory for crap. Am I right, J.Stuart?
I'll take your word for it. Who is the announcer? Let's make a deal. Memory of glasses. He was kind of
a goofy looking guy. Maltese still kicking. Is he really? He takes a look at him. He's still kicking. How old is
he must be 110? He's born in 21. Oh my God. 89 and I. He's 98. 98 years old.
Don't have a duct date for him over here. Am I right? Or is it 88? 79.
Does it mean to do mouth? No, 8. I'm sorry. 88. 88 is great. 98 is a little bit too much. 88?
No problem with that. At least he outlive Merve Griffin anyway. Talentless queen. Merve Griffin.
I've got a lovely bunch of gokka. I keep proud to get you to play that. I don't want you to.
Mady Hale dies at 89. Well, I tell you, a lot of people live in the middle of a real old.
Cowboy actor helped fund the Ahthima Museum in LA. Memberginautri. Yep. Oh, and guess what?
Chicken accent me. I'll find it. Oh, I get it under H. O.A. I think. There it is.
All you hold the orchestra. Gather round the radio. Now, again, here's my bestie. Are your skies all gray?
I have better blue. Well, they're great. Herb Oscar Anderson, W.A.V.C., did mornings there for 400 years.
What? I said, that's great that you have that note. Yeah, it is great. Although I like the Godfather,
drops better. I bet your Brandon squeezing himself from those Godfather drops. Did I play them all?
Oh, I like this. My offer is this. Nothing. Yeah, that's my deal with Norm Kentna. That's my offer.
Nothing. Oh, and then the one you like. The hotels here are bigger and swankier.
Then any of the broof tricks we got in there. The hotels here.
The money's on the table. Well, no, I have a partner. This is the business we've chosen.
Well, he had a bad post-culture. Anyway, money here, one of the last to Hollywood
Selenoid Singh Cowboys and founder of what? Of something. It's now. Oh, I see. Founder of what is now
the Austrian National Center of the American West. Died. He was 89. He had been in failing health
and died Sunday of age-related causes at home in studio city. Well, how do you like that? Finally,
and honestly, died of age-related causes. 89? I think you get that old and sometimes
so you're dying over there. The Lord didn't create us to live forever because the Lord's
a sadistic bastard so that we know the only thing we have to look forward to for sure is death
in taxes. In the 1940s, Hale was the top B western box office draw right along with Roy Rogers
Eddie, Eddie Dean. Never heard of him. Heard a Jimmy Dean and Hale's friend Jean Autry. Hale made
nearly 3,000 films for Republic Pictures, including 19 action and songpact films as the hero
Mottie Hale. Later, he had small but memorable role as rock Hudson's lawyer, Bale Clinch,
in the 1956 epic giant. Hale made his debut in the small role of a singer in 1944 as the big
bananza. He had similar bits parts as cowboy, ranch, foreman, and several more westerns before
he was given his own series for Republic in 1946. You know what else Republic Movies made was
um Rocket Man. What is it called? That series? Yeah. Commander Cody. Commander Cody stuff?
Commander Cody in the something of death. I don't know what it's called. The Valley of Death.
I'm right. The moon rocked me. He was my hero. In fact, I'd like to put on one of them suits
right now and just turn that little knob and jump off the balcony. I'm gonna give it a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
The else you remember Eddieillo Rick-San Curtisaccord Brastell Soybutt, but you know two weeks ago, I remember mah, I remember Jarl Bandfield and Clarins Ayaw trailer, Glen Quick and Raymond Four ...
his nose? Queen Latifah sued a makeup artist and fashion stylist claim
incordinated lawsuits that they got ugly treatment from Queen Latifah when she
cheated them out of a million dollars. Celebrity Cosmetology consultant Roxana
Floyd says she lost 700 grand when the rapper actress failed to pay her for
work she did between July 2005 and February 2008. In a separate lawsuit
celebrity fashion stylist Susan Moses said she was treated of three
out cheated of 300 grand during the same period. The lawsuits were filed Monday
in federal court Manhattan. Amanda Silverman is spokeswoman for the actress whose
roles and movies included Harris, Brian, mad money says the lawsuits have no
merit but she can't can't come in more on pending litigation. Is that what they
always say? Yes. Baron Fitz says in response to your poll there is absolutely
nothing wrong with South Florida. The people are warm and friendly while we're
added Bush was the greatest president ever Hitler was misunderstood. Now you can
come in idiot tell me to go away and Kathy can feel better about herself. Little
sarcasm there from Baron Fitz about the South Florida scene. Oh boy. Here's the
poll. How many vote we got? 75 not too great. I don't think they care about the
polls anymore. They'll care about anything. Right? You think? No. G20 protest in London
they got thousands of protesters out there. We're getting all nervous and
jerky. The thing I hate most about living in South Florida is the effing
traffic 21. Unbearable heat from May to October 17. Cubans who won't speak English
in Elevator 9. David Samson and Luria steeling tax money from taxpayers to
build a stadium of seven. What is it? Root customer service at most doors and
restaurant seven criminal county commissioners and politicians seven cops pigs
who hide behind trees and stalk innocent civilians for and equated roads and
transportation system to French Canadians and Hollywood beach to ask clowns who
talk during movies to but that could be anywhere not just South Florida. Right. Oh
I saw this before raster this is where he gets shot in the head and the rampant
crime in murders one. All far to drive way too slow one is not the traffic. Oh
well well that's just one element waiting online at restaurants none and also none
for pathetic sports franchises too many shopping walls and dirty bookstores and
sharing oxygen with H Wayne, Huyzenga 80 votes in those last four have none zero. The
big oh the big eight golden oh boy oldies jingles let's play all the jingles all
the time like Motown CKW Mokanshan from 77 W ABC go go go
the big eight golden 11 23 at 5 60 WQME those were the days man we're living in
the past the great days of radio especially AM radio the big 50,000 watt
giants with a big stick Ray who sends who sends good polls that I use every now
and then Ray obviously is hanging out with Kathy he says welcome back hope you're
feeling better I know that the name pull is over but I wanted to ask you about the
one George did not out of this poll because he never heard of him. No I'm sure
he never heard of him but seriously does the name get more manly than the first
commissioner baseball can I saw mountain landess that name just oozes test
a strong can I saw mountain landess you ever hear him it came up I thought it
was just a weird you know long name not necessarily cool and no I had never
heard of him and I didn't want to type that whole thing out so I said I forget
about it. We didn't want to type the whole thing out huh I agreed it's like
yeah what a lot of what we didn't want to type the whole thing out I don't blame
I wouldn't want to either yeah. How's he doing? Is he still Twittering? I don't know
you tell me I hope I have it here because I may have tossed it your salad I have
one of the most fun to czar what oh I bet you I tossed it oh no it was about
Twitter I don't think I got it yeah don't hit her Twitter oh I don't got it it was
great it went on and on about flea is Twittering and this one is Twittering and
mr. radio is Twittering and yada yada yada and I I I'd smit-canned it I guess is
that bad or what maybe they'll send it again because you know once I delete yeah what you
should not delete your dog get rid of him forever I know not hurting you oh I didn't
realize that I got a whole bunch of crap in here under the Abe Lincoln thing I keep
thinking that the Abe Lincoln was a gay who cares about Abe Lincoln and his penis maybe
they want to date there's one one guy that I would never never think about his penis it's Abe Lincoln
oh my god him and Kim Bo camper yeah I got a whole pile of crap here well I'll probably need it
you know later on but I don't have that thing about the Twitter oh it made me kind of titter
when I wrote about the Twitter can you believe that I believe it but I do have the thing about
Jamaica man I'm gonna read that by Wayne Beeson who's a professional gay fact but nevertheless
I am my my best advice to all you gay people is if you're thinking about going to Jamaica don't
or anywhere in the Caribbean don't they don't like you
oh no oh god no hey I just want to know how you guys doing in your NC double-A
brackets that's what I want to know how's it going I don't have a crystal ball
medicine in your playing Kansas I'm repeating we're not in Kansas anymore
I'm going to face a Caroline
he's your T-shirts I need another five points to cover his press
you call it Purdue it's for your big news sports fans oh I can't wait for a ball
you can feel the know about them but that is a lie sweet thing
he will advance together and see to my passion balls
zero cues open a new bill and so no
men and nuns are awesome basketball players especially the ones who can fly
you know there's it's one thing to be loud it's not
loud and wrong rich factor he says you asked who was muddy halls and
answer there was Jay Randolph guess what rich Jay Stewart and didn't I say did
I answer my own question yep Jay Stewart which I just googled it and Jay Stewart
was the announcer on Let's Make a Deal all through the 60s and 70s Jay Randolph was a baseball
announcer with the cardinals and the marlins and others then he says the links are part of my
email signature not for you to click I know you don't do links sir part of his
email signature are you impressed as punch Jay Randolph had nothing to do with Let's
Make a Deal rich oh you made a mistake you made a mistake that I was up 70 points
your buddy Kenny Grammar says Randy Moher puk puk by the way how about those panthers
three in a row looks like an awful lot of empty seats and that lower bowl last night
against Ottawa against the lowly senators and the spokesman back in december says Kenny I think
it was second last week of the NFL season the dolphins were playing the chiefs I felt compelled
to send the email regarding the future announcing a Jimmy syphilis I am again compelled
while hearing the radio broadcast of the dolphin game that day was a radio action now usually
watched on the cube I typically listen to Panther games on the radio as I'm driving home with
that time of night when the first periods being played now while I wasn't exactly a fan of Randy
Moher I never particularly turned off by him either I'd actually thought he was passable as an
ounce over the last few seasons my opinion is changed drastically earlier this year when the
panthers made a runner climb to the playoff picture Randy got far too excited to early in the
season he changed he thought himself too important he seemed like he went to the syphilis school
of over announcing now while there are no yardlines and hockey for Randy to misidentify has
delivered his deliveries become cephalo-esque he started overusing those gimmick phrases that you
most instantly pointed out are stolen anyway with seven ninety doing that thing where call
to suggest one of the use of songwants of a chemical goal Randy weeding out full of himself and
then that Miami herald article was written about him made his head just explode
the panther radio broadcasts become unlistenable it's the Randy Moher show he is god awful you can't
figure out what's happening in the game he just spouts colloquialisms and cliches instead of
giving play by play you need a Randy Moher to English dictionary just to understand the hockey
action for example couldn't stick the fork in it player took a shot and missed the net
worst of all he's only got about ten of these things so they repeated odd nauseam
here's a sampling of thirty seconds of action from last night
Krebs wins the battle in the circle and feeds the rubber to devour act devour
it's caught in the cookie jar and a puck goes over to the senators they move up the ice wall
a pass that was like frying bacon with no uh... shirt on the panthers retake possession
volmiss to winds up a can't stick the fork in it rebound to pelton and oh he can't stick a fork in it
the war i find it in sticks at top shelf right where Mrs. Moher keeps the peanut butter just horrid
says Kenny i've come to the conclusion that if you had Jimmy syphilis Randy Moher and Dave
Anne Horne together including the heat guy mucking this was actually a broadcaster
south-road is not only the worst sports announcing market america maybe also the worst sports
announcing market of all time to which i say amen hallelujah
top shelf where Mrs. Moher keeps the cookies stealing from rick jenner right you ought to be
horse whipped Randy a red deer Randy Moher you idiot horse whipped you ought to be flogged
yes that's right get out the whip
and all these idiots writing about stuff who it wouldn't know a hockey puck from a Mrs.
lenders bagel from out from a kinsh from a stale kinsh that was up 54 points
but then again since nobody cares about it what am i going to say and what's
they get excited Kenny nobody in south Florida knows about it or cares about it
david corals brings us i think the greatest moment in tv was when kedy kirk had a colonoscopy
camera footage shown on good morning america would you agree i i don't know because i didn't
watch it i didn't hear about it they stuck a tube up her ass and we saw it on tv
yeah i wasn't going to tivo that and i don't even have a tivo
well why do you want to see uh the inside of kedy kirk's ass i don't
i don't want to see the outside of it
oh and here's here's a guy with a long song to dance about actually medicine not no interest
anyway that spends the dime now we're in the past on this station we don't uh knock them
even if we think it's grotesque and whatever
here's one i have listened to you on and off for years i've related to George more than you
but have never seen him yesterday i became stunned when i saw how ugly George was
he looks like a pedophile oh yeah what does a pedophile look like me
Neil please give him more ben and juries keep up the good works as alohandro
i don't understand that and i see now you're picking on him just like you picked on
catholic or maybe i'll chase him away yeah she never even came back she never even came back
bastards from the basket that's us best out of drow
the effing traffic is waiting to pull by the way and you put that on there i don't know to put it on
here oh i just want to the traffic it's it's two kinds of things down here aggravating and dangerous
yeah she can't get anywhere from anywhere and you're taking your life in your hands just
driving out on any road anywhere i see
taudan jenus says you have to add a choice to the pull for us smart folks don't live there no more
got the hell out thanks taud go michigan state from taudan jena
you want to put that on her don't live there no more doing it now
and how about people that never live there never live there
yeah put a choice on there for everybody that way we get eight million votes like they do
across the street let's see how those trends shake out tomorrow tomorrow morning ten o'clock
two months of the winter book yeah two months of the winter book and they're floundering across the
street that's got to be an April fool that think about it brolinner's going to be doing mornings
gotta be April fool because they're the kind of silly they're their whole thing is silly which i
hate silly myself i'm not a big i'm not a big fan of silly crap are you no it depends
yes
Stephen Alexander speaking of silly is another fake
probably your buddy john ztr are you bad-mouthing florida again i emailed you a couple of weeks ago
telling you how you don't get what florida's all about if you don't like florida that's fine but
why backstab was of us who love it there here we are idiots because we like it down here yes
well canada can have you we don't want you to come back down here either kneel i will say one
thing maybe if you showed more appreciation for florida you would be recognized by us have you ever
thought why there isn't a neo-rodger's boulevard or a neo-rodger's pit stop on the turnpike
because you hate soft photo show the love kneel okay
how's that there you go sounds lovely jay steward not j randolph rich pactyr what time is the
pactyr factor on anyway were you drutch packing well here's one from the a rick fake rick riley
okay oh this is great this is sensational i'm i'll print it out great
don't see any apology here from your buddy rich pactyr jimmy dorsky says late last night i made
the regrettable mistake of visiting a 24 hour wall mart the only express how open was hijacked
by a miserable old bitch who exceeded the ten item limit by about four hundred when made
aware the complaints from the rest of the people in line lady turned them and said kiss my ass
well then great although people like that are one of the things i hate most about soft photo here's
an unlikely choice for the pool that would get my vote all the hot women why is that something
they hate because i can't have them that may be my problem but i know i'm not the only one frustrated
by the fact that it's impossible to go by a roll of paper towels without seeing at least ten hot
women who wouldn't give us guys the time of day good luck to us all says jimmy dorsky yeah that
should be your worst problem all the hot women really that was of seventy five points i guess
it's our fault that he can't get them here's one from johnny hello niel and george welcome back
it's great having you feeling better and sounding great if i were you i'd take the rest of the week
off on sickly and have george do the show great show george thanks but no it says mind your
business on your full day about the cubans not speaking English in the elevator how about the
frogs presidians jews and russian's etc i've been defensive to cubans but there are not all
Spanish speaker i'm i'm being defensive to cubans be in but there are not all spanish speaker
here in south florida's quite a mix as you know i'll recommend a change to other nationalities
other than english some people may maybe excuse because they're tourists visiting on vacation
or investing in town maybe says johnny who's i got obviously a literacy problem oh here we go jimmy
syphilis is back we had our meeting with steven or osd david murphy very butel niel gukus of the
dolphins the organization is set to make a format week a formal request a beastly group to move them
the team to one of beastlies fm stations preferably kiss the organization is dissatisfied with wqm's
weak signal and programming you're continued on air comments are not well received the organization
is well aware of the history and public relations fiasco you and phil henry caused a w-i-o-d
losing the dolphins to be a big blow to wqm i'd hate for my friends joe bell josh dero joe rose
demanded george corso and jim tree crawford you would be responsible for the stations demise
history repeats itself yeah that's funny that is amusing i'd be responsible for the stations demise
right oh god but here's one from rick riley
i'm ready at fake rick riley at live dot com gahat niel we know you know two topics never have never
will we know this but now what you're you're gonna die when you hear this i'm strapped in since
you stopped taking callers your show has turned into a private conversation between you and
george with little or no chance for us your audience to contribute if you're not planning to take
phone calls again fine but at least give us a chance to respond to something and i don't mean
the stupid daily poll either talking of contributing to the show is there any chance george could go
back to just saying the odd word or phrase like he used to in the 90s he's really getting on my nerves
from the fake rick riley yeah just a private conversation the emails including the one i just read
they don't take it on the show they all get on there 99 percent even the one from the fake jimmy syphilis
jay steward not j randolph j steward i mean the idea of j randolph being the announcer on a
quiz show is so amusing but nevertheless Wayne Beeson writes jameka a killer vacation
do i have time for this yes this week i joined san francisco organizer michael patrellis and
box turtle bulletin editor jim burroway launching an international book hot against jameka while the
island appears laid back gaze are under attack forget business as usual instead we should stop doing
business with a country that is proud of its persecution against gay lesbian bisexual and transgender
people our goal is to turn jameka into a pariah state as long as the glbt people live in a state of
terror this means no more subsidizing the anti gay slaughter by drinking myrus rum and red stride beer
it requires skipping that carnival cruise to jameka so your money won't support murder
if jameka were any more homophobic it would change the name of its signature music reggae to
raced rate the national song would be wasting the gaze again in murder in murder readerville
why boycott because jameka is on a downward spiral and suffers from collective cultural
dementia on this issue there is clearly a pathological panic and homo hysteria that's infected
this nation at its core consider that the jameka cancer society is raised concerns that the fear
of being labeled gay is causing some jameka mendible void prostate examinations causing one of the
highest prostate cancer rates in the world the second reason to boycott is because traditional
activism is failed i first read about your make a terrific violence against gay people in a 2004
New York Times editorial called hated to death in jameka in 2006 time magazine had an article about
the island headline the most homophobic place on earth one would think that such chilling headlines
would have spurred worldwide action against jameka instead the climate is only deteriorated with
the two thousand eight New York Times article titled of tax show easygoing jameka is dire place for
gays a scathing state department report on jameka's treatment of homosexuals reads like a horror novel
the jameka forum for lesbians all sexuals and gays jay flag continue to report human rights abuses
including arbitrary detention mob attacks stabbing harassment of homosexual patients by hospital
and prison staff and targeted shootings of homosexuals questioned by the bbc jameka's
prime minister Bruce golding said that he would not allow gay people to serve in his cabinet
in march 2009 he added we're not going to yield to the pressure whether that pressure comes from
individual organizations individuals whether that pressure comes from foreign governments or
groups of countries to liberalize the losses relates to buggery a third reason for the boycott
is because we can have an impact in jameka the tropical islander in two point one billion dollars
from tourism in 2006 with over a million arrivals from the u.s clearly jameka is uniquely
vulnerable to economic pressure and thus every effort should be made to push for change
a fourth reason to boycott is that a message needs to be sent throughout the world
gay people will no longer sit by passively where our people are brutalized and killed
if we do not stop the hate in one place if we can jameka it will be continued to be open
season against gays all across the world there must be consequences for state sanctioned gay
bashing such countries will not change on their own so economic caretics and sticks must be applied
the current failed strategy is a treadmill diplomacy where we send off a few letters to embassies
and hope things will magically improve it may feel like we're advancing but we really are at best
running in place this explains while news headlines about jameka's treatment of gay people in
2004 look like the terrifying ones in 2009 let me read that again this explains why the news
headlines about jameka's treatment of gay people in 2004 look remarkably like the terrifying ones
in 2009 the choices ours we can be meek in the face of madness or we can take action
finally jameka is an island of self-righteous hypocrites the bible is used to rationalize brutality
and vigilante violence is justified with talk of virtues and values but the island is quite
comfortable with gongja and gratuitous sex for heterosexuals jameka's new motto should be
don't worry be happy unless you're gay oh my phone's ringing i'll be back oh damn it
yeah
you back rangers wireless again they tried they tried me on my uh on my
blackberry and i didn't answer it and so then they call my other number oh these people this
this is talking on online and on the phone anyway finally jameka is an island of self-righteous
hypocrites it says the bible is used to rationalize brutality and vigilante violence is justified
with talk of virtues and values but the island is quite comfortable with gongja and gratuitous
sex for heterosexuals jameka's new motto should be don't worry be happy unless you're gay if you
are a barone or please take our jamekin products out of your establishment consider a rummed dump
where myers rum is poured down the sewer if you care about gay people tell everyone you know about
the dismal human rights record or jameka and if a friend is booked a trip express your disapproval
and send him or her accurate information it's truly a crime if you spend another dime and
as homophobic hellhole if you have gay family members neighbors co-workers or friends book a
holiday where it's okay to be gay as for jameka don't play don't pay don't stay gay
this is brini quid whenever i shape my balls i listen to the meal rogers 12 to 1 hour
bar the power and light is going green to bring you safer and cleaner power solar energy is the
way of the future and to prove it we've installed a solar power cell in our office coffee pot
we're looking at the green technology in so many different ways scanning articles about it in
magazines and even online it's for your own welfare out of the loving care we have for you
but harnessing green energy isn't going to be cheap that's why we're going to raise your power
bill arbitrarily they can go up or i don't know fifty hundred dollars a month we're gonna rate
you raw anyway we can get ready for ready kilowatt to ram as high voltage what deep into your ass
we've got you by the short hairs and we'll give you ground out until you obey it was gonna say no
hey we're fpl you little human hands and if you don't like it go to our competitor
oh yeah sure 12 1201 at five sixty wqm don't be knocking floor to plunder and loot baby
unless you want to oh and right on the heels of that other article i just read about the jameka
and all its homophobia and all that other crap and what a bunch of allunicics there
yeah man rastapol says welcome back Neil mon
George was really funny yesterday got to listen for an hour so before we went get we
we went to get me dredged on oh god hey did you guys ever listen that song i told you about a few
weeks ago 96 degrees in the shade by third world no no did you listen to it no you must hear this
dub mon it's the detrimental classic detrimental classic reggae jam i think he means definitive
but he says the detrimental classic reggae what will that does that mean i don't know let's get to the
chorus and promise you that you will love it if not i will never bother your show again mon
yeah man we're all members of the same hypocrisy senator mon peace and love rastapol
oh yeah man oh never less oh here's one i should have had this on the beginning of the show
i'm i'm just i'm ready to just pass out on the floor don't do that perfect cleaning guy coming
today yeah no no i'll come right up it's certain what no not apologize today
certain floors in the building they've shut the water off today between nine and five not my
floor my water's just fine but upstairs and so i'm in between pretending to do a radio show
and mailing it in i'm sitting here making calls and but a beep but a boop and can you do this and
can you pass it by boop is it oh my god and then i get that bitch from roger's cable calling
says what time would be a good time to call back i should have said after i die after you die honey
go away die die die inu i think if somebody anybody who's a telephone solicitor ought to be shot
okay ought to be a special exemption right we're strangled with piano wire or something
a strangle with piano wire is good anyway major and rick rick sends me an email saying
Neil please get someone to clean up all the old stuff on the website please
you ready for that maybe you're made since she's coming to get someone to clean up who
likes that be uh paco oh yeah please get someone to clean up all the old stuff on the web
on the website i don't see anything wrong with the website there's a lot of stuff on there it's
been on her long time it's fine with me if you don't like it don't look at it that's all
it's a radio show it's not a website the website is just like and and guess what it's also
free cush enough to look at the thousand eighty eight point or the throne spitballs they're in
England look at that bush comes the job already do it anger in the streets thousand eighty seven
spitballs in the streets leee says not not your leee
i listened for years when living in bokeh but now live outside of Atlanta found you on the
internet can you play something from the oh j days or the a whole song love you leee oh yeah
we can't even say the word a whole we're gonna play the song nice yeah
yeah there you go you play it the largest planet and play it
down and down and down and down and down and
go ahead i mean go ahead
well i was driving down i 95 the other night that's enough
now you can go go for yeah no i know i can't know where you born and ask clown i know right where to go
oh here we go marisa is here she says your back no
george was good yesterday i was hoping you'd be sick today too yesterday she was full of energy you
sound sick today and i feel my energy draining while i listen to you well then shut it off bitch
marisa another fake right email absolutely
i feel my energy draining while i listen to you go drain your ass go drain the pus out of your
your own why maybe you're a vampire that was up 91 point the thing i hate most about south Florida is
171 vote the effing traffic 41 there just there's too many things on here man i'm just gonna read
the top um the ones in double digits how's that go ahead unbearable heat from eight o'clock
over thirty five cubans who won't speak english and elevator 15 criminal county commissioners
and politicians 14 rude customer service at most stores and restaurants 13 don't live there
in no moe 12 david samson and jeffloria stealing tax money from taxpayers to fund a stadium 10
and that's where we're at those are the ones in double digits
you sound sick today so i uh i'll tell you what i really want to be sick i'm here because i
want to be sick and make you and bring you down rag you down to my level of lack of energy
a former local youth pastor in palm harbour florida was arrested after being accused of having
a sexual relationship with a teenage girl the alleged relationship involving scott right took
place in two thousand seven are you sending me something yes no i thought was another ad
fact so with other ad facts i would have just i would have swallowed a whole bunch of peels
bill and four lottery before i get back to that um
story about palm harbour fake dentist accused of molesting patient fake dentist
have a question about the seining godfather where paulie is killed
clemenza and roco draped paulie out of the city to a secluded area shoot him and leave the gun and
take the canolae the question is how do they get back home they have no car
well i i assume bill that they probably had one of the one of the men follow them right no they
flew you know they just flew yeah they flew they just flap their wings and they flew home how do they
get back home they have no car anybody as creative as clemenza made sure he had one of the boys
followed them out there if he can stasha gun in a turl it that's right anybody could stash a gun
being a ball and chain a turl it knows how to get back home oh let me put it to you this way bill
this should be your worst problem must you know what i mean i think it is is it lucky man
oh my god the crap that some of you people come up with it's just it's astonishing it's astounding
where the hell is it over there leave the gun
is that under clemenza what is under i don't know i'm gonna look for a two here oh here it is
it's under canola oh it's a good take the canola oh yeah take the canola because he's gonna
eat it clemenza the fact clemenza is gonna eat it pomehiver florida former local youth pastor was
arrested after being accused of having a sexual relationship with a teenage girl the alleged
relationship involving scot right took place in 2007 but deputies say the parents of the girl just
recently found out about it and they quickly turned the pastor into the authorities as a youth
pastor right was supposed to be a role model for kids at calvary chapel church in newford richi
but deputies say for one youth group teen the relationship was very different
authority saying 2007 right had sexual encounters more than once with a 16-year-old girl he met
at the church oh god that's good he said they said the two would meet repeatedly at a home in
pome harbour no one answered the door for us it writes new for richi home for us this is a by ap
here somebody who knows who this is from neighbor say right shares the house with house with his wife
and several small children detectives are looking deeper into rights past including his most recent
stint as a youth pastor with a church in Brandon deputies say right left his most recent youth pastor
position at the brand in church last november he hasn't been with new for richi church since 2007
right is being held in jail on twenty thousand dollar bond how do you like that i don't know the youth
minister he's ministering to the young because he's young and hung i guess he ain't young or maybe not
hung either yada be that was up on hundred and seven points very jackass satellite radio on the
iphone our reality with pocket tunes do we care about this uh no okay i'm deleting it right away
that was it that was the only new email on there buried jackass who wants us to point all sorts of
other media is if we don't have enough problems of our own without promoting other crap
that's what you want us to do fake buries promote other crap for people to listen to we don't have
enough uh... narrow casting already my god eleven past noon at five sixty wqm we have anybody have a
hard or a liver hello discover your astronauts this is president brock old bummer oh oh miss president
i'm calling to let you know that i miss you and the rest of america are rich out of
oh hang on a second i'm getting another call
sorry about that just a recording about the warranty on my car these people keep calling me three
times a day it's very annoying in you we're all vip interested in uh could you hang on again sure go ahead
you got to still have a do you believe i still get people calling asking for George
i can't live here no more it's bad enough his highlights magazines keep coming here ever
up at least the subpoenas can be forwarded to that's right the color idea on my other
locks as a i j they're finally returning my call oh i'm sure you have more i thought you'd
understand i don't know what i thought you guys went
yeah yeah no maybe twelve fifteen at five sixty wqm i'm trying to get my brain on scrambled here okay
okay come guys coming to two o'clock okay here is copacetic my water's on some floors that's off
some floors that's on how how how how does they do that my why do they do that in buildings
i don't know my way to now for water on certain floors on certain days
you're filming maintenance i guess like you said they're in trouble toilets and stuff
they're what weren't they swapping out toilets or something like that yeah but they didn't shut the
water off to do that uh they have to shut the water off to do certain things like maybe fixing
people's leaky faucets i found the fake twitter thing this is good very confusing now this
confusing is Kathy's email earlier which by the way she never came here she's gone she's gone
her feelings are hurt she's gone that's me you chased everybody away and you're good believe me the
ones i chased away deserved to be chased away bus burbank says you're fake twitter account and we
we have a fake uh Facebook account and a fake twitter account and a real a my space account which
might as well forget it useless i believe you've said you're not using twitter and won't that's
correct so i must assume this is a fake page most likely created by a fake email or correct
now it's here here's where it gets interesting the fake neo-rodgers page counts among its real
subscribers the real five sixty wqa m the real flea five sixty a k a lee felman and mr. radio six
ten there are about thirty others the real five sixty wqm counts you and the real flea five sixty
amongst it subscribers along with six other lonely souls now much to say about this but the real
flea five sixty is subscribing to mr radio six ten on a sadano show and mr radio six ten is
subscribing to this adano show per se b two a k a p boldger and ken charles while the real
fill Henry show flea five sixty fake you and Fred a k a um Fred this kid a k a Fred souter have
subscriptions to his updates which mainly consist of updates about you are you following this no no
many assumptions can be drawn from this data but i don't feel comfortable giving my analysis
just yet however i do think it's safe to say that none of these people have your best interests in
mind straight lines can be drawn back and forth and only one degree of separation exists
i'll stay in touch and hopefully i will crack this wall not soon in the meantime keep your spirits
up best regards buzz burs break great oh keep your spirits up i'm ready to just pull my brains out
oh god so Brandon is back oh there's that Brandon again oh what are we going to do
here's his gripe do you want to hear his gripe okay he says i will tell you what i think is
wrong with south flow and this goes for us poor people that work in the service industry like
i was working retail for so many years now i look white white i'm a hundred percent cuban
and i understand Spanish and can speak it so the people i would always encounter were these
Hispanic people who would come and ask me for help and ask in english and if i couldn't help them
they would say something out of their breath in spanish like this guy's an idiot and they would say
in spanish thinking i don't understand a single word in spanish and i would say you know
entendo aso and then they would claim up mm-hmm those are the worst how can you live down here and
not understand least several words in spanish maricolon vulgaron we know those yeah bastardo yeah
they want to say skies and idiot well there's a lot of hostile people there Brandon that sort of
was down to spanish english uh french you name it hostile angry like kathy i thought kathy was
our friend my friend and then of course what's your name the fake uh the fake bitch that wants to
hear you but hates me like poison yeah you're sick today and you're such a i don't sound so sick
today do i i don't know how great my throat is scratchy what you sound full of them and vigor
yeah oh you gotta be joking and i'm ready to pass out i think i'll make it till two it'll be
one of the great miracles in history there's subhuman race here's George oh god
even when the phone rings for a second you go like into a total panic yeah that's what i did
well why is that you're capable of uh of you know what talking some crap i'm panicking sure yeah all right
you sound like you're panicking okay oh here we go berry jackass is listening to wd qm on the
iphone is now reality with pocket tunes the app streams serious xm as well one can listen to
howard stern neo roger's dan la bastard and howard david on the iphone says berry jackass
well good for you who cares do you care no see that this is again as a case of someone somebody
who just won't won't give it up give it up we don't care about the iphone i don't own one i'm not
having no intention of buying one pocket don't have one and all this business about all what we
can listen to you on our pop-up doaster we listen to you on our thumbnail i got news for you with
our signal it's a miracle anybody can listen to it at all other than online Brian says i found
your website from the help of a friend of ours i have some ideas that could bless our nation but
if obama has his way we may soon become a third world nation where there's such a thing as a
fourth or fifth f o r t h fourth oh my god and this thing goes on and on and on and on and on some
jackass brine and mechaleni florida great thanks and god bless america um are we still
allowed to say that or is that politically incorrect too since brine who's probably a bible
thumper please pray about these matters for our nations and israel's future he says kaksa hoi
brine okay you go each a cup without you can another one of these goyam for israel you know
think they're full in this old fag you're not full in me oh there there's some real swill coming in
on there today what did you do to these people yesterday do you take some good calls uh you didn't get
any i got a couple couple want know how good calls good is you know that's stretching that's
good is something besides i'm your friend hi yeah these i took a lot of good calls then sure you did
they must have been busy yesterday how they didn't call yet and they they called a little bit
oh and what about uh the reverend and the boyfriend a couple times oh i think it takes them by
surprise yeah they're out of practice right or maybe jodan have them sitting around the conference
table all poised and ready to go he feeds them lunch when they come in to do that you know
um sherry does the lunch that you could be having but you can't eat feeds and pizza from tonis
oh for me
i'm gonna tell you one thing if i were still down there doing a show in that studio
yeah you remember remember when voygiri tried to pull that crap that's right in the studio
how long did i put up with that what i walked into that i wouldn't tolerate it right i would tell him
to kiss my fat ugly pimpley ass and even without being there you can still kiss my fat ugly pimpley
ass jolly joe you nerd you you life destroyed that that's his thing man he must be a miserable son of a
bitch because that seems to be his goal is to make everybody is unhappy and miserable as he possibly
can that's his goal and boy does a good job of it too miserable rotten to the core tub of turd
they shouldn't have shown what's your name Katie kurks inside the her colonoscopy they should show
inside joe's back to ass have to have a pretty wide cube to stick there though i'll tell you that
and that big fat oozing pimpley ass
siros says welcome back i hope you're feeling better colds blow George had another great day in
your absence though and i heard him and flea say they were punk rock fangs back in the 80s when
punk rock was real punk rock flea mentioned the dead Kennedys the circle jerks and suicidal
tendencies which were all some of my favorite bands i wanted to see if george remembers the name of
the theater on washington avenue there used to be a place where a lot of the punk bands would come
out to play because i sure self-forgett remember i didn't live here in those days so no how come
he didn't send you the email yesterday why you and flea were doing this he sends us to me at 7 13
this morning also i wanted to ask if you saw the circle jerks back in the 80s at that same club
i was there it was great did you see him no no also i saw mr. re-signed theater 3000ize that on dvd
wanted to ask george wanted to ask george this one of george had that wait save that
it's a george yeah Anthony Anthony and tamarack damn
and we're good at turn 40 yesterday it's really not so bad in fact i'm glad to be only 40 for a year
have a great week i don't know nothing about punk rock i'm not going to pretend i do i don't
know nothing about the any of that circle jerks i know about that i bet you do you better believe it
what what kind of crap are you playing that circle jerks it's called killing for george
kill it quote from ken charles is very jackass wion z flips to sports friday at six
p.m. progressive talk progresses to sports that's the quote from cheap channel is they open up
a pot and put a lot of garbage programming on the year which we need like a hole in the head
take the best a m signal in the market and turn it to swill this is what cheap channels all about
this is what this business has degenerated into
and that's that's what they do they open up a pot and they just simul cast a pile of a horrible show
is all over the world all over the universe that's cheap channel for you the stories of the
business which we used to know and love it it's gone and once it's gone and then coming back
oh there's your buddy Richard quashed to the just a simple shag of the hand i'm thinking there's a
currency there's a bow there's a neck thing in all of this involved there if you or i were presented
out let me name drop shamelessly when i was presented to her majesty the queen at the opening of
cnn's offices here in london some years ago yes i did i did do the bow from the neck but i'm a
British subject in that respect if you take it some americans do light the pump ceremony circumstance
of it so they do bow or curtsy yeah maybe three or four very very silly people
holy mackenaugh this is jubal on the voice of the trotter may believe so you're listening to the
hockey authority kneel god
hi hi and heydy ho and welcome to the premiere of the default show a 940 Miami beat radio
now with some of you might be a little upset that we had dropped the progressive tour format but
that this after all has flutter so do you really care no nobody cares but i don't want to get into
that right now oh excuse me what's this down here hey i found the ticket here we are what we got
here into another sports show see it's more like another sports show complete with sport hall
actualities that there's a radio talk for somebody talking like this one here
please everybody please the blood plus the blood the blood the blood the blood the blood the blood the blood the
there was uh well it really doesn't matter doesn't all i also be talking of the bracket racket
and uh what fun will have yes sir and tell you what i'm gonna do let's take a very first call
a shallie i'm in from halyn dale live you like sports right enjoy watching for the
yeah that's good but there's other sports baseball too yeah baseball that's uh
yeah ever since i lost steam fixed the world series
thank you for your call yeah i don't like the force for whole left uh demonstrate that we got blood
running through our veins so uh go ahead give me a call here talk about anything you want
long that's about sports yeah go ahead uh 33 and 560 wqm happy year Wednesday to April fools day
before it's our last day Anita Marx is going to be doing mid-days tomorrow that's our
April fool what haven't heard from Anita in a while or Maria B hmm maybe there's no market news it
was the cameo theater by the way well you remember because you weren't around and either was i
washed an avenue their mones eggy pop the flesh tones were among some of the best says a
Dave no the cameo theater wasn't living here at the time i remember the cameo theater and rochester
used to go to the movies every Saturday morning with a friend for a dime i'm trying to remember what
he charges it on what that's all he charges cameo theater and rochester new york and we used to have
for a dime there would be a cartoon there would be a newsreel and there would be two feature movies
wow how do you like that no foot massage what said how's it going what are you talking about
what language you speaking all of a sudden what no foot massage for all that money
cliff and candle says i had the misfortune of hearing the 940 wion's the official announcement
they were changing into an all sports format starting this Friday night whoopie
it was a bizarre tongue-in-cheek announcement that proclaimed they had successfully gotten
Barack Obama elected that their job was done now their new goal is to get the dolphins back
into the super bowl good luck i'm not going to shed any tears over the demise of progressive
radio and south florida cliff says with the advent of smartphone technology most radio stations are
easily acceptable via the internet which can be accessed through a smartphone or a dumb phone
or a dumbbell smartphone technology is also rendered satellite radio obsolete so no matter how hard
the right fingers try to shut down the progressive voice it just won't work you are the last progressive
radio person out it left on the urn south florida you're still standing me also is cliff and
kindle i'm not standing at all i'm sitting and i'm ready to lay down you hear those sirens are
wow heavy duty i love him is a whole bunch of you know yeah fire rescue ambulance police
just blurring it now here is another one of these very very sad emails from chris and mario
long-time listeners sad okay we heard you talk on your show about taking the train from Berlin
to Rome abugare rape yeah that's where i went we would appreciate your comments on the trip i
never took the train from Berlin to Rome because you'd have to be a crazy person to do that
you have to go through all the mountains through the alps and all that crap it would take forever
i can't and my my it says how long did it take how much did it cost was it worth the time
well they could go online and check on your own rail and get and get the time exact times
when it leaves when it comes back when it gets there what it does
take forever it's about an hour and a half or two hour flight if i recall correctly from
Berlin to Rome done it many times never took the train from Berlin to Rome i took the train from
Frankfurt to a cologne and back took the train from Amsterdam to cologne many times
but this business heard you talk on about taking the train from Berlin to Rome this is what gets me
these people who have these visions these delusions
call it travel agent all right not a good idea that's a great idea or just go online
for you and check out euro rail and it'll show you all the time is how long it takes how much it
costs we're to stick it all of these things oh if i if ever there was a day i should have
crazy bitch probably john ztr i think all the all the not all of them but most of them
most of the chronic anoyers that that that's john ztr and you like him or someone just like him
it doesn't matter no you like him yeah he's my hero
because he sends you free movies free loader sends us free movies
oh here we go the to the punk rocker i think tamarack
the punk rocker was from tamar what what didn't this is a make where he was from i don't know
i remember a theater near collins avenue was called club 1235 when you know what i don't
care about that when george does the show do all your stuff about the cameo and punk rock and all
and all those groups and stuff here's a link what there's that ex up there that red ex delete
delete that just deleted the link not nothing but a link not a comment not on anything not a screw
you not up your ass nothing just a link 228 votes on the pool the thing i hate most about living in
south for today is the effing traffic 50 unbearable heat from a to october 43 don't live there in no
mo 26 i'm just doing double digits Cubans who won't speak english in elevator 22
rude customer service at most stores and restaurants 17 criminal county commissioners and
politicians 17 old parts that drive way too slow 12 and last but not least
david samson and jeffrey luria stealing tax money from taxpayers to fund a stadium 11 on say
say one or two words and espaniacs more than you know the new budget portion of the show brought to
you by Britney Spears but jj it's hanging out y'all hey y'all it's bringing again on my blog
well i'm still on the road and i'll head down what's up honey i got your grits kevin called
and you're saying it out okay dying it i can't believe it i have to call kevin back
anyways the last city we went to excuse me Britney go ahead Tyrone oh he's on my security detail y'all
there's cameras everywhere and he watches everything it's great you have a visit at the gate
and you're f***ing hanging out oh mg someone's at the gate oh hey lady what's that
showing prince and bail in a well oh my f***ing hanging out let me stuff it back in thanks
London second event really embarrassing tts and oh oh yeah 16.1 a qm is it only 16.1 i think
it's 16.2 somewhere maybe a newfoundland yeah don't you wish you were like 16.2 i wish it was
230 yeah i wish it was 205 at least then they'd be cleaning my carpet because i got my water
and my throat is as raw i am telling you should it should it laid out today would have been a really
good idea but they want to do it to you two days in a row well thank you got a little surley thank you
what wouldn't you have got i would not have gotten surley at all you wouldn't have no here's George hey
everybody yeah you can talk about the cameo theater on wash and avenue and about places on every
roomones and no i was listening to punk rock deep in the woods no really we're here yeah i think i
want to start a new new wave skunk rock okay how does that work most of most of the music is going
to stink but nevertheless most music they stink anyway we already got the haircut
i do free i just shaved my head two nights ago there you go now you need some uh dock martin leads and you can
go go and install them this is the record that we wanted to make right now because i can't see the
future and you know and in the past i don't know if they use four letter words in mtv or not i don't
i know that they don't know what they put on his own scene they don't they don't most of what they
put is a scene never oh you're eliminated go home you're a limit every show is a eliminate this one
eliminate that one right just eliminate every single show america's top models oh and you can't
uh you can't do what they're glorified game shows their game shows that go on for the entire they are
garbage garbage and the idea that i'm occasionally forced to watch some of that crap really frost my
ass a little bit i better start taking their charge of that remote control you know it yeah
oh but then again you know somebody that went to see britney what do you expect and loved it
one thing about most kids their taste is in their tush yep
yeah
limbaugh failure billboard debuts in west pome beach
the national democratic party unveiled its raspberry for rush limbaugh on Tuesday in pome beach
county a traveling billboard with a teasing message americas didn't vote for a rush to failure
and an image of they cigar smoking limbaugh debut in west pome beach immediately causing a
firestorm between supporters of limbaugh and backers of president obama i think it's disgraceful
said leo balistrario pome beach who passed the billboard which was attached to the side of a truck
parked on clematis street is that clematis street i remember that from my pome beach is then your
clitoris street right next door i think rushes a good man he has the right to his freedom of speech obama
wants to turn this country into a socialist state said leo that's for you leo balistrar's objection
intended was shouting match with alan mergaman president of the mid-county democratic club limbaugh
wants the country to fail he held a balistrario the democratic national committee sponsored a contest
last month for a witty slogan to counter limbaugh's offer peded refrain that he hopes obama's policies fail
a witty slogan that sounds like what they do on uh the labaster show for um what's his name red deer
randy moller they have witty slogan for calling the goals i mean so bush league that it's just it's
unbelievable but nevertheless the traveling billboard will be in west pome beach the next two days
making appearances throughout the city the dnc wanted delivered the message to his political
lemesis in his backyard it can serve at a radio talk show host has a home in pome beach west pome beach
mayor lois frankle the democrat welcomed the provocative billboard to her city laughing as obama
and limbaugh supporters verbally sparred she called the billboard a good-natured pocket rush with an
underlying important message a good-natured poke as in poke salad Annie let's go to pohoki and do
the show in the in the poke from pohoki okie doke and then we'll go to okie choby god love that cherry pie
open that some dopey that frozen and thawed and frozen and thawed cherry pie that they poke a diner
what if it's still there the pohoki diner you think somebody will know somebody won't
americans are behind our president she said we want him to succeed if he succeeds america succeeds
sometimes the best message is delivered with humor jennifer maralas co-owner of pizza gruel in west
pome beach came out of a restaurant to take pictures of the billboard i'm gonna send it to
everybody it's hilarious she said i think we had some hope with the new administration limbaugh
making a statement like he did is so negative he's tried to dampen our hope but said diner steen
chairman of the republican party of pome beach county said the democrats message may come back to
bite them later where in the middle of a frantic rush to failure and a massive theft of the
intergenerational wealth he said we have failed our children on a colossal scale and it's good that
the nc is going to remind everybody yeah the last eight years i wonder who is in power while we
failed our children and paid all the money down the toilet not to mention almost a trillion
dollars in a rack the mobile billboard company carty around the side of the dnc drove it down from
north carolina early monday the response from motorists was mixed you get two scenarios a
hunk with a thumbs up or a hunk with the middle finger said zeb Williams co-owner of the billboard
company we left it seven a.m yesterday we got our first middle finger at seven fifteen a.m.
well screw you rush and the pills you pop and all your phony diddo head followers and mindless
lunatic nazi bastards pastardos speaking english speaking english
that's my message all you people in the elevator
oh no dad jamey spears away and upped britney does it again what is this
is it got a picture of her thing hanging out of a j j her for j j when her daddy's away britney
spears plays and how oh her taste is in her tooshy man
yeah the porn star found in the pop star i said porn star the pop star found a
on tour playmate in hunky 21 year old backup dancer while father jamey was tending to
business in LA late this month according to well placed tour source britney's relationship with
the hooper was not that innocent britney was a bad girl says our insider literally as soon as
that left she started to put up getting cozy with the dancer named glow it wasn't serious
that a few romantic interludes and she bought them a few things a pair of shoes and some clothes
even though she's on an allowance anyway it's got a picture of this guy this dancer
he looks like my ass undrugs wow that's how bad he looks he's been on bad oh my god he looks
like my ass on the pot in the middle of a bout of bloody diarrhea that's what he looks like he's
smoking a cigar he looks almost as good as kevin how is it that somebody who looked like her and
you know she still look at bad how how could she have such bad taste w t she could be screwing any guy
she wants right and she's oh you makes you wonder don't it maybe she's just got bad eyesight
that could be Nicole says wanted to go with you there what wanted to you to wanted to go to you
with the news that news mac magazine is selected oh not interested okay newsmax hubs they
and dread okay oh they still want the picture and they've selected me go to hell you not see bastards
you ready for that already oh donnie sawworth will be charged while it's about time
all these jocks that get away with crap thanks cliff and kindled now there's a guy I'm telling
him and Brandon they send good stuff on the other hand rich pacter he sends me misinformation about
Jay Randall and then don't even apologize for it too busy oh well I was answering your question you
don't know what you're talking about which is you no wonder Paul Harvey Jr hates him like poison
is it Paul Harvey Jr is it um chicken neck rich pacter hates Paul Harvey Jr why I don't know
because Paul Harvey Jr doesn't send me emails with misinformation in fact we haven't heard from
Paul Harvey Jr. in a long long time right don't you wonder about the people we don't hear from it
all on the email I mean everybody's got access to a computer right nope nope why not I don't why not
I care about my squeezy ball that I can't find right now you're squeezing your ball not at the
moment because I can't find it yeah good where to go do you I manslaughter charges expected to be
filed a saffron in against Cleveland Brown's wide receiver Doddy still worth alleging the football
player was driving drunk last month when he struck and killed a pedestrian on Miami Beach
according to a source with knowledge and the investigation by the way speaking of people who do
stuff like that they have a new show on CNN in the afternoon it's called news for crazy people
it's hosted by Ricky Tiki Sanchez is that really what it's called no and that's what it ought to be
okay news for crazy people with Rick Sanchez anyway police have been investigating stalwart since
March 14 when police responded to the scene of a fatal car crash at the southeast end of the MacArthur
Causeway Miami Beach police head stalwart was driving a Bentley East on MacArthur Causeway about 7am
and struck Mario Reyes 59 who was getting off working crossing the street to go to a bus stop
the video obtained by the hero show stalwart Thresden Jeans in a shirt being given a sobriety test by
two Miami Beach police officers Reyes worked for the shipping company Bernuth Agencies which
is a short distance from the crash site Reyes was born in Cuba left as a teenager for a better life
in the US he worked numerous construction jobs he was an avid baseball fan especially final
of the Marlins stalwart signed a $75 million contract with the Browns as a free agent before
last season but hardly played because of a ham strong injury it says not hamstring but ham
strong this is from the hero I guess he had a ham strong injury he previously played for the
Patriots the Eagles and the Saints finishing last season with just 17 catches for 170 yards
a few days after the crash stalwart to the Cleveland Browns organization issued a statement
expressing his condolences to the Reyes family unfortunately since this accident still under police
investigation I cannot come in for the audio and we still don't have the award on what he blew
you know I mean how drunk he was okay well I'm evidently was a big number because if they're
going to file DUI manslaughter charges this afternoon he must have blown a big number
and believe you me I know a little something about that oh no oh this is honored this is not a
tumor it's the ones the two hour the end meal please don't be alone contrary to what you say
he has a great voice and is a good man no don't he is a mother's angel what are you doing
writing fake emails don't you want to stand it you're sick you need help you hear that what
I'm a penis brother
me
I should have that job not you get up so I can sit down and write me a fake demon
and spend some time just pulling lies out my ass
I'm not gonna say we both sit down and write me a love fake email
I can hear and maybe knew we'll leave it
why why why we can almost feel it swelling up down there
you're fine I did I didn't know
oh
101 at 560 wq a.m. Oh it's the one to two hour thank god
a rat George is with us today kind of
what what here's the poll 251 votes the thing I hate most about living in South Florida is
the effing traffic 54 unbearable heat from 8th of October 51 don't live there in Omaha 29
Cubans who won't speak English in an elevator 22 criminal county commissioners and politicians 18
What does it have to say county commissioners can't just say criminal uh I don't know right
root customer service that most doors in restaurant 17 all parts who drive way too slow 14
David Samson and Jeff Luria stealing tax money from taxpayers to fund a stadium 13 cops pigs who hide behind trees and stock innocent civilians
nine
French Canadians and Hollywood beat six never lived there for
rampant cram and murders for sharing oxygen with H Wayne hyzing a four too many shopping wells and dirty bookstores too
antiquated roads and transportation system too as clowns who talk during movies too
zero none not a four waiting on a lot of restaurants or pathetic sports franchises zero oh like that
so that was up 89 point any interest no okay not if you're smart don't be like fraydo okay be smart
don't put your money in a pig in a poke well let's put some lipstick on this pig see this is the
thing that just amazes me and that is if if I was one of those people who had like all my pension
money in enron or world con or one of those phony balones and lost every dime I saved all my life
I mean you can't go back in the start at 20 again you know once you get to be like 65 70
I would kill somebody wouldn't you oh yeah
and instead all but a beep but a beep beep beep beep it's a buying opportunity all this other crap
you people you grave robbers on CNBC all you are are peddlers of garbage
peddlers of misery and suffering because when people stop buying your garbage man that's when you
people go out of business when people stop investing in crap
I mean that Bernie made our thing how could that have happened how could that have gone on right
how can this be or all those loans all those bad loans toxic loans toxic loans yeah
all these slippers oh here you want you want four hundred thousand dollar house no problem at all
sign on the line
you look at some of these people they couldn't they couldn't buy a
swerpie at 7.11 not even a blueberry hole what was just going to say yeah I know you were
we should do it bastard in a basket
what the T.S.X is doing I sleep the thousand eighty eighths of T.S.X. up 135 oil is going down
get oiled out about like ten cents a barrel then we can make some headway right right then we
can make some progress hello shmatae it's just stick it oh the loonies down under under 79 cents 78 98
that's good what what was that what was what that noise that sound you're you're in a coma okay
okay you're hearing things I don't
well let me just go out here one one one moment please
oh I knew I hear something I have an invader I have a Mexican jumping bean in my apartment
cost you to take a shower fifty bucks he's got no hot water so he's got to come and use my shower
well that's the way it goes in this building okay one day they turn off the water one day they
turn off the electric the heat the this the that that's the way it works here you pay rent through
the nose up the ass and they just do whatever the hell they want how do you like that I think I'm
gonna go downstairs and kill somebody what do you think I think it's a good idea if I had me a gun
I go down and kill the concierge right now I don't even know what you want is working today but
yeah anyone anyone would do huh kill some people especially the guy from Bolivia do you know anybody
from Bolivia no I think I met one once in my way of what the concierge is downstairs he's from
Bolivia he's a surly bastard man I don't know what his problem is nasty I know I heard something
in your accuse me of being like old and senile which I would I would agree with both of those things
old and senile and feeble I didn't say you didn't hear something speaking of what I didn't say
you didn't hear something yeah and you said you weren't hiding Salem are gone wait till you're
this story authorities arrested a woman accused of driving 103 miles an hour with their 10-year-old
grandson in the car well sheriff Sheila Lawrence said deputy Ryan Possilweights are the woman's
Mazda 6 whiz by a high-larod on Sunday and he confirmed the speed on a radar gun though the
road is known to attract speeders Possilwe reported that he's never clocked anyone driving that fast
103 miles an hour the driver 53-year-old woman repeatedly reportedly told authorities she was
trying to teach her this is the best don't hold back she told authorities she was trying to
teach her grandson about the dangers of speed and warned him never to drive the way she was about to
see the woman was charged with reckless driving and reckless endangering oh my god are you ready for
that I can't stand it baby like you teaching your daughters the danger of smoking dope by letting
you letting up a big fat one right in front of them well the dangers you might catch your
hair on fire so make sure you're wearing a funny thing that's right that's right
lanny from Kendall writes this was on Monday night since you aren't getting enough I thought I'd
rewrite I ain't getting any lanny much much less enough he means emails all right let me take a look
right now see if there's more emails on there for the rest of the sour because if there's not you
doing the show can oh yeah there's a couple two what is crap please for war in America this plan
is the foot Mexico its fox calls out Obama to proceed with the North American union oh yeah here we
go with all these paranoid lunatics again all the fake wiki tiki from a skyline chilly oh remember
skyline chilly people were emailing there for a while that's right well they're back
I wonder if they're still in business I love skyline chilly I love that what they call chilly mac
the skinny oh yeah with chilly and the cheddar cheese on it I know it sounds like a weird combination
but that's great it is great it is good crap anyway lanny from Kendall says sometime ago I mentioned
that Walter slash Wendy Carlos had a sex change operation your genius buddy said that everyone knew
that I doubt that who is Walter Carlos oh this guy there no no who's talking about me well says
your genius buddy said I mean it must be you yeah it must be anyway I made a comment about walking
on the wild side he was a she you sounded like you never heard of that Lou Reed I never heard a
Lou Reed walk on the wild side lanny never heard of anything I've been I've been in a cocoon all my
life see is this about if I was a a tenth is dumb as most of these people make me out to be I'd be like
what a little bit like that for four hours every day Ricky tiki I can't find something liquor I can't
say it really ti well says hey Neil it's Ricky from skyline chilly we need to hook up have a couple
of four ways and suck down a couple of skyliners I can send you a couple of surplus cans of skyline
chilly to keep your poop shoot clear oh my god because you have to remember the difference between
skyline and poop is about 15 minutes what is that Walter Carlos oh aka Wendy tell
judge I have a pair of skates that have rockets attached to them so we can all all ask around the
rink looking like a Cuban rocket our our our oh like I said get those emails go and Neil and
Neil Rogers dot com is a whole bunch of people who have never I had chimed in on the email Paul Harvey
junior the old Elvis member Elvis yep EJ EJ that's right EJ and DJ and PJ and JJ and all night crowd
all the Stan major crowd they're probably upset because we won't invite Stan to be on the show
let sure might change my attitude about the whole thing you think so no no chance
the wear of exploding balls for the reference that you ever use steroids human growth hormone or any
other performance enhancing substance you know when I'm asked by the press hey a rat why are you
feeding slub like berry buns I just fully respond that I was young and dumb
I was young stupid no no the right sports agent and publicist can make a millionaire out of a dumb ass kid
all you got to do is cheat if you're young and dumb
young and stupid I was young and dumb but what's more important is that I can't let the
done that find out I'm hung like a nut you know I was young and dumb
young and dumb all your boys and girls who want to be playing one day in the major leagues just lie
a lot and cheat I was young I was stupid stupid stupid yeah that's me stupid olden stupid
good you don't have to be young to be stupid you can be really old and stupid too like me
uh yep one seventeen a q i m well we got 43 minutes to go never make it here's George
hey everybody Adam Kirschner says the real one
yeah I'm waiting for your cross to follow you still like eros myth yes primitive vacation came out
when you were on zeta tell George new music blows unless you run drugs like he is
Adam well I think it's a perfect match says unless you run drugs like he is so what's wrong
with that what's the problem nothing George is on drugs he likes new music there you go
now is up 90 points I still think they automate all the cars ought to be preesses ought to be
just like that because they're belly are kind of about g m and Chrysler and blah blah blah blah
first of all would you buy a Chrysler product uh I did get the money I had one but you did I still do
you still do yeah it doesn't work but I have one I see the drank goes a Chrysler product no I would
rather not have another one thank you no well what about if they brought you a brand new one
okay sure I'll take it I'll take an electric roller skate right now
so is that new car coming yeah they're they're they're building it now
I mean how how could that man look at you with a straight face lie like that oh we're
going to work on that we'll get you a deal and blah blah blah yeah even the janitor there's
got to trade out Jaguar I'm sure of it but not George and I take the blame for that's because
you're on this show you're connected with me that's all right it's the double-edged sword when somebody
drive these days how do you get to work my daughter's car really yeah and what does she think about that
she doesn't like it I think your daughter ought to come out there and and the Pian Joe Bell's desk yeah
sure she out of she I'm serious she had to climb up on his desk and take a big dump right in the
middle of his desk say until you get my dad a car I'm gonna keep coming to every day and dump it
all over you he might enjoy it though if I was you I keep my daughter away from Joe Bell that
that's just a little piece of advice okay ironically in a conscious bid to read their computers with
the dastardly April Fool's Day Conficker virus some people may have unwittingly installed it
the Conficker C Internet Wormers and Militius Computer virus that burrows into your hard drive
and we do to begin hatching its nefarious plans last night and midnight the virus was launched
October 2008 and it since infected and estimated 12 million windows based PCs via unreliable websites
and downloads as the virus moves into with second phase today gives an outside user control of a
hijack machine and the sphere your private information could be stolen I got to open up this door
or I'm gonna like pass down on the floor okay it is so hot and here you can breathe and
find egg on the board okay only six percent of all infected computers are in North America
while the majority 45 percent exist in Asia but with so much interest and
Conficker in the Western world its creators have found a new viral marketing campaign to keep it alive
software security vendor semantic publishers of the popular Norton anti virus released a report
Tuesday that says people were more susceptible to download a copy of the virus simply by searching
for Conficker in the Google oh geez that's how I got this article the search brings up 3.2
million mentions of the worm on the internet some of them hoax websites and actually host
the virus and infect any users who surf those sites be careful with the links you follow the
company warned the news release a sincere effort of keeping abreast with latest security information
might contain some unwelcome surprises the news doesn't come as a surprise to steward Crawford VP
of Calgary IT firm bulletproof info tech the internet is a minefield and you have nowhere to step
he said we'd like to remind people to only rely on trusted sites how do you like that okay
the first real computer virus skewering years has also been attracting a cottage industry of
online scam artists do be a cyber criminals who are selling alleged removal tools for the virus
and promise a lot and do nothing some even infect the PC with more malware bad guys will try to
take advantage of any crisis whether it's a national catastrophe or Conficker's striking said John
a cock associate professor in the computer science department at the University of Calgary that's
name yeah sure so and so in that respect this is surprising the computer is infected with
Conficker a schedule to move into a new face today April one when the worm will seek new
instructions what those instructions are has been relatively unknown to leading computer experts
in a worst case scenario the worm can take over your machine and steal out your personal data
on the other hand I have to say this could all be one of the most elaborate April fools they hoaxes
ever we don't know what those instructions are and in all likelihood nothing is going to happen
a cox said the worm when it's been difficult to identify and remove has been one of the most
sophisticated and potentially dangerous that many in the information security business of
Enkos on and on what is wrong with you man what is your problem
sorry crystal make you a funny face yeah I don't know but he was somewhere I bet he was somewhere
down the road carrying a heavy load god you are the worst
here just the worst all all those emails are coming about to they're all right they're all
correct yeah and the ones that come in about me are all correct too that's right
I'm a miserable old bastard from a basket that's correct yeah
well here's one from Jeff who says wouldn't George be a Cuban Missile and not a rocket
the reason they don't speak English in the elevator is that they can't and please add Haitian drivers
to the pole they're in a class of their own please play little brown coupe love you and love your
show kisses Jeff I haven't played that in a long time can we play that I think it's safe I think
it's clean and here's one if you heard the song I'm in Miami bitch no I
have not nor do I care anything about it little brown coupe have you played it
not a long time
the whole is a floor it's my living round two I'm so proud with a guy I'm so proud with a guy
it's an 82 carola with one hazelight so when it gets started I get to use my friends with
something great sounds no it's not hard to fix because duct tape and bailing wire plus the trick it's
my need to round two I'm so proud with a guy I'm so proud with a guy I don't want to know how to
drive a car before but they handed me the keys when I got too short I didn't need enough to make you
really fit there's one more thing I got no thanks honey it feels like we're watching on the rainy day
but the tape and the windows seems to work okay the front wheels start to shake when I try to steer
and I can't get it out of second period it's my 19 round coup I'm so proud with a guy
I'm so proud with a guy it's my little clown coup I'm so proud with a guy
okay what 25 if you have my mom in the air here Paco okay just relax take it easy let's
do the rest of the show you want to do the last half hour you're talking to him right yeah
he just climbed up real fast okay who's gonna get Ricky up low remember when remember when
we face now yeah them's with a salad tossing days like the time you root my face show
hello everybody and welcome to the premiere on a more famous show for delightful I was
up entertainment and information to help you get through your busy day today actually you know
yeah I'm just gonna talk about sports here all right here's the scores seven to seven to three
how about the dolphins blah blah blah hey what are you doing walking through here in the middle of my
show I am was looking for the NFL concubine what are you thinking walking through my show
I don't know I like this in the background what the fuck is it with you that kind of language is
gonna get your rate you know who I am I'm bold David and that's distracting see having someone walk
through it in the middle of my show I don't understand what don't you understand did it I just don't
know why we need another sports show I mean well can you say that there's only so much to talk
about you know oh and bite away so I hit that last piece of pizza pie in the back room day
good for you it was tasty too was my name on the box yes and right there most pizza get out of my
studio bug all right let's get the show back on track can I just take a second here I'll give you a second
I'll give you two seconds and you better use them to get the hell out of here I don't understand
why they're up you don't understand what it's like working with professional broadcasters is
that it well it's the accord yourself a broadcasters but you're not really a broad ever wonder about that
you're right thanks for running my show I enjoyed it why don't 30 little
and I still don't like you oh yeah then why you're spooning me
oh
132 at 560 WQM oh my god the pain is almost over I'm going to like I'm know what I'm going to do
take it out take a nap I got the carpet guy coming oh
and then Paco is going to the gym now for an hour and then after the gym he's coming back and
taking another free loader shower in my place what kind of crap is that crap using my hot water what
crap Joseph Rick Sanchez is one and a million
after a game of pro-Robbie stadium I said foot on the field was promptly told to get off
meanwhile Rick Sanchez after speaking Spanish and farting in the elevator killed somebody with
the hood of his car but he's one hell of a singer have a nice day well what does that mean I have
no idea maybe it was Joe Howard I wonder if Joe Howard's related to Mo
oh
Howard think let's be I don't know what that means but the way things are going I'll take whatever you
send you know even more crap from Jimmy Syphilitek Maria Bartoromo chimes in live from London
hello sir I'm reporting today from London as I'm covering the G20 conference my email today has
nothing to do with the markets more than just on our correspondence that take place over the
air from time to time as I mentioned I'm in London one of the cameraman told me he was in
South Florida week for the Florida Derby he indicated he tuned into a local radio show where the
host was screaming how I was a baggy eyed bitch fast forward to yesterday it was on the set for
the first the time with this gentleman he informed me of the host in South Florida that made
front of my eyes I indicated it was where was mr. Rogers the gentleman suggested we fixed the
eye problem with lighting that shine directly on my face from different angles I would like to thank
you because due to this lighting all my broadcast from London have been stellar I looked like a
20 something a hottie again I got news for her honey you never looked like a 20 something hotty
no matter what but he was he was doing make sure to tune into the closing bell today it's 3 p.m.
to see for yourself maybe the people from publics came back to take the bags away they have
back boys special for that right bag boys yeah why do you think they call them bag boys oh my
old chapstick is back he says whatever happened to the real Marvin wrong man don't know and don't care
lazy bum
well here's an interesting thing the thing I hate most about living in South Florida is there's no
real dirt everything in South Florida is sugar sand well what does that mean sugar sand I don't
know it doesn't taste like sugar to me yeah that's your just diet you're talking about okay that's
what he feeds his family right sand we pound it like veal oh no from the London sun another
root for murder peace of turd I don't even know if I have the stomach to read this sick
but you'll have to wait till a print's out okay so what about that configure thing I I think it's
an April fools joke they said it's not it's not what a joke but I'm not doing anything differently
have you have you seen anything have you heard anything no no then anything is going on no the
computers are crashing all over the world yeah there oh no there goes one no oh I think it's
another April fool soaks but nevertheless I'm just a skeptic you know me I don't believe in anything
the thousand eighty four points I believe that because I see it on my screen and guess what they
must have been listening to me because they finally improve the size of the numbers there in
a bottom right hand corner not always though now they're back to the little teeny tiny green ones
that you can't read they are evil CNN is evil not as evil as CNBC but evil a cannibal mom
exed friend of death cooked her body in eighth and meat while the killers young son looked on
olesia masto viscova 27 told police she riled with Tatiana Roman Chuck 32 during a booze up
all those britches you're have a way with words don't they a booze up okay
officer olec low box said olesia calmly told cops I took the accident hit her a number of times
on her head then I cut off her ears gouged out one I caught off an arm in a hand I cooked then
cooked the parts in the oven another friend who has been treated as a witness claims that she was
forced to eat the flesh cops say olesia's son seven witnessed the murder and cooking he is now
in care locals at your kutsk in Siberia russia found teddy on his legs in a rubbish bin
your your kutsk your what your kutsk oh in Siberia russia if you don't watch it I'm going to read
that guy's name again I'm still chuckling still chuckling it's just the way the world is okay it's
a crazy stuff oh here's some stuff from Monday because I was out sick yesterday so I'm backed up
here so to speak there's things you can take for that and my ears are plugged up so that I could
add somebody break in here and I wouldn't have done it because when Paco came in there to use my
shower because it's how water shut off I I told I heard something but in an ordinarily I would hear
you know as soon as as soon as the key would turn to the door I would like run and see what that
was going on you know I'm saying in case of a home invader we're right it could have been a boogie man
it was only Paco here's one from somebody it says Haney was at the heat game Monday night during
halftime he had a ceremony honoring Alonzo morning governor Chris was an ounce and called on the
speaking he was booed loudly for three minutes I guess most thought South Lovidians truly left
their sister governor know how they feel about him both as a man and as a governor they should have
an yelling you fairy a Charlie gay he's sure full in some people one or two
must be full in the republicans I guess oh yeah they don't care oh we want Charlie Chris to be the
running mate for John McCain because we need some fruit cake on there you know
this is good from Tampa if you ever need an example why drinking and dialing is not a joke
you'll leave the serious repercussions consider the case of Ivan Cavitt
darkly the her name is spelled EVO in Ivan okay well maybe it's one of those names you know I don't
know maybe it's seven EVO in I think it's supposed to be YV O N N E like Ivan de Carlo but maybe
misspelled you catch my drift yep Tampa police say she was the woman who misused the 9-11 system
Wednesday last week calling three times and tell the dispatchers that a roommate was trying to
take beer away from her here's a partial transcript of 9-11 calls released by the Tampa police
department the spatcher what's the problem right now Cavitt domestic violence the spatcher what's
going I can't read all this goes on forever good don't there's an argument on going out of control
what are you arguing about beer I'm totally embarrassed even to say that but yeah it's about beer
a few minutes later Cavitt then tells the dispatcher who roommates try to take a beer away
and actually a police can be sent to her apartment at 712 East Florida Brasca Avenue officers
went to the apartment about 2.35 Wednesday morning found Cavitt drinking from a 40-ounce bottle
of Bud Light an unidentified man sitting with her Cavitt police told police she had drank 6-6-60
ounce cans of beer but wasn't finished drinking she told officers she didn't call 9-11 although
her home phone number maxed the ID from the 9-11 center she then said she'd called about some
kids selling drugs outside police said the man with her pointed at her mind a drinking motion
and then mind holding a phone receiver the officer sold her the 9-11 system is for emergencies only
and left then of course there was a second call two cops just came to my apartment for no reason
Cavitt said nobody called them out here and that goes on and on she's a crazy person
what what what what what like that she was arrested and charged with three misdemeanors misused
the 9-11 system of striking the office without violence and disorderly conduct and she posted
$1,250 bailed to get out how do you like that bitch huh well she's got to she's got to have
some way to get those beers man that's right she's got drinking money in Tampa you know how
they are they don't like queers but they do like their beers oh no good hey it's been here for
the sham out a towel that soaks up anything you won't believe this friggin towel soaks up water
milk cool a hook a blood your own blood after a hook a bite your tongue the tears that you can't
stop shedding once you realize that your career is over before it ever really started soda
everything the sham out call now because you know we can't do this all day we're busy waiting
for our lawyers to get to the station so we can tell the cops exactly what happened I've been
for the sham out my life is over order now okay hey Vince you fare 145 a QM guess what I'm
eating eatin' a weeny I'm eating a pillars pepperoni oh sounds good you know like a pepperoni stick
sure sounds good you can stick it back to them uh-huh now I'm eating on the air oh
bench megal will probably be chiming in here very soon you know bench megal yes I did
just makes you sound low class I am low class so what's wrong with that
so most everybody high class I mean low class most of us didn't go to etiquette school
can't stand those snobs well we uh you know we pick our nose with our little finger yeah
stick your little finger deep inside your abdomen pick uh pick corn seeds
two hundred ninety one votes on the poll the thing I hate most about living in South Florida the
unbearable heat from eight of october's taken lead 61 the effing traffic 59 close second
don't live there no more 39 never live there's six
is that a feather in our crap the fact that we have people who never even lived in South Florida
to listen to the show. Yes it is. Online. Yes it is.
What in God's name is this? Rich in Orlando.
Oh, remember the poll we did on the best voice, the most
most identifiable voice. Yeah.
This is from last Thursday to show you how deep in my pile, I'm
getting deep. This is another great poll, but this could have
been split into three separate polls, most identifiable, most
distinguished and best voice over artist.
I mean, again, somebody taking something very simple and
making it very complicated. They're not satisfied with the
fact that we just put the poll up there and it is what it is
and that's what it's towards that. And then that's it. Oh, it
could have been this and it should have been that and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, right.
Thrown with people. Everything's got to be movie
complicated, whatever that means. Is that how you said? I don't
know. Sure. Sounds good to me. That's what I'm going to
do. Oh, bad huh? There's good. I've got no carbs. I had
enough candy yesterday to sink a battleship. Is that depressing?
It's, yeah, it is. I did.
Well, I discovered a new candy, which you give. If you give
me a second, I'll go in the waist-past in the other room
and tell you what it is. Go ahead. Okay. Give me a second.
The last thing I needed to do was find a new candy, right? Maynards,
Sour Cherry Blasters. Oh, made with real fruit juice. Well,
that makes it healthy. They're a little like disc like round,
like gummy thing, you know, okay. Oh, they're just awesome.
It says true like no one's watching. Oh, what is that?
I don't know. And I enjoyed it so much. I had one bag yesterday.
Afternoon. And last night I went back over to the no speaking
of this Chinese market. I got three more bags of it, three bags.
And I ate the whole thing. Wow. Do you have any idea how much
sugar we're talking about? A lot to fill up enough to fill up the state of Alaska.
I have to fill up Joe Bells. Brackum. Fat ass.
Oh, Maynards Sour Cherry Blasters. Probably a Canadian thing,
eh? Let me see where it's made. Yep. Toronto, Ontario, made by
Cadbury Adams. They are awesome. They're like cherry flavor.
I don't know if they come into. Yeah, these are sour cherry
blasters. So I guess they would be cherry flavor.
I know. Yeah. What a genius. So they're sour. I'm smart.
What are they sour? Yeah, they're sour and delicious.
I like sour candy. Do you? Yeah. It's sour.
Well, the sun is coming out. It's going to be 50 to day 56 tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
Somebody sent me this. I'm sure you know this since you live in Toronto.
Says Blackie. No, I don't know it.
Pre-Agent Center Christian Hanson has cited two year level entry level
contract for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Whoopie do big deal.
And these people keep paying the big bucks four years in a row.
They missed the playoffs four years in a row. I think that's the first time in
history of the franchise. They were Mr. playoffs four years in a row.
And I'm supposed to get excited about that.
It's almost enough to make me turn on Leafs TV and put a little bit of that crap
on here.
Oh, they're helping Clark yell my coffee ice. There's another guy couldn't play.
That looks like Alexander Mojone. It is.
That's one of my all-time favorite players. Now he could play.
There was a guy. Whiskey.
He's not looking to wait to see what happened here.
He only pulls the stakes from underneath. Rollinick.
Rollinick. And Rollinick Sticker was the skate team up.
Sticker came up. Stick came up and hit him right under the chin.
Oh, right in the push. Oh, poor Alex. He's all right. He's okay though.
It was an accident and somebody got hurt.
Okay.
See, somebody tried to throw me off my opponent rounds.
Give me into a whole hockey thing there. Nobody in this town cares about hockey.
You better get it.
I woke up on Saturday morning since Paul with the self-hating Jew pole still on my mind.
Pathetic, he says. He says Pathetic.
But I thought of the definitive self-hating Jew, Jesus Christ.
How do you like that?
RR.
Well, RR what? RR Kelly? Yeah.
He already sent me that once before and I didn't use it.
So he sent me again. And I used it this time. He's generally a pretty good guy.
Paul. Paul Rodriguez, probably kind of George.
Probably.
All you Rodriguez guys, all you guys are related.
Yep, we're a Keon.
All part of God's family, baby. And they're Stephen Harper who is not.
He's the anti-Christ.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
In my home.
In my bedroom where my wife sleeps.
Where my children come and play with their toys.
Good morning, reaching to the hotel.
Yeah, room 521, please.
521?
521, please.
Name it a gift you call it.
Ah, that's none of your damn business.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello.
Ah, yeah, it's the gift.
Who?
The gift.
Hello, Jeff.
The gift.
Only two. He mothers choose Jeff.
Yes, or death.
Oh, thank you, bird.
I thought you were going to use a code name.
Is it already?
What?
Jeep is the room ready.
Oh, absolutely.
I've left a sack of quarters in the bathroom for the Viper bed.
And the edible pennies are in the sock drawer.
Good, have it the champagne.
The champagne is topped and ready for consumption.
And the tube on the table with no label is the love jelly.
I also read a copy of Pretty Woman for you
in order to play any of oysters from room surveys.
Beautiful.
Your vitamin e-pills are on the dresser.
Next to your nitro glycerin tablets.
The room is ready for a little fuzure daddy.
Great, sounds good.
Oh, Frank, yeah, hold it.
I'm going to help you out with this.
But what if Cavie Lee finds out?
I don't really think.
Don't mention my name.
I want nothing to do with it.
This is the count of him.
The globe will get a hold of and just have a field day with.
Don't forget your name.
I'm getting out of here now because the heat is getting hotter.
That's good.
Good bye, girl.
Yeah, good bye, I'll see you soon.
Bye, bye, bye.
