The music's brought up on the previous programs are those of the hosts and powers.
We got the balloons out, we got the party favors.
Oh man, what are our anniversaries?
Five, six, seven, eight.
No, no, Jordan's got the party favor, she's blowing it.
What do they call that thing?
Noise behavior.
No, come on.
I don't.
If there's a better word for it, I don't know what it is.
Here's a word for it.
Maybe somebody will call in and tell us.
Yeah.
560 WQAM.
Oh, so you're doing the show tonight?
Jordan's doing the show, he's taking calls.
565-005-60-N-Day and Rowan.
In other counties, call toll-free.
877-785-NEO.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The happy anniversary to NEO, his friends.
Yes.
Or his colleagues.
Do not thirties and thirties.
He's QAM management staff.
Or sales.
Wow.
Now the NEO Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
560 WQAM.
560 WQAM.
560 WQAM.
Raspberry.
Raspberry.
Can't say the word.
Oh.
560 WQAM.
Raspberry.
Oh.
What do Americans?
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
I'm tired of it.
A 90-year-old man said to his doctor, I've never felt better.
I have an 18-year-old bride who is pregnant with my child.
What do you think about that?
The doctor considered his question for a moment and then replied,
I have an elderly friend who was a hunter and never misses a season.
One day he was going out in a bit of a hurry and accidentally picked
up his umbrella instead of his gun.
When he got to the creek he saw a rabbit sitting beside the stream.
He raised his umbrella and went bang, bang, and the rabbit fell dead.
What do you think of that?
Well the 90-year-old man said I would say someone else killed the rabbit
and the doctor said, my point exactly, Paul Harvey.
You're dead.
Good day?
Oh no.
I was 90, don't you think that's old enough?
Yeah, I'll take that.
I'll take it.
Wow, can you imagine?
Wow, I'll never make it.
Not with my blood sugar, I'll never make it.
Ice cream and candy and candy and ice cream and pasta.
Pasta over the weekend.
Home made, made by me.
Yeah.
And I thought that over the weekend for sure there would be this enormous,
I thought we'd blow the day in my own look or express thing out.
With happy anniversary wishes.
And then we're like four or five.
And then of course on my space that you know,
you're a good close personal friend Miguel, one of the braided things he did
and there was put the birthday of the show March 1st, 76.
Well, you know, and people there gets my birthday, I only wish.
Wouldn't that be nice if I was 33 today?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
But it's not the my birthday.
And so I have about four or five people say, happy birthday.
And you're like, so they're obviously not listening to the show.
Like everybody else.
And a couple of people with the happy anniversary on my space.
They were like, I don't know.
There were more responses on there than they'd been on the email.
I'll say that.
Yeah.
So I thought, well, this morning for sure I'm going to go on there.
It's going to be a thousand anniversary wishes from the audience.
You know, if it doesn't take that much time, it sure takes less time than,
oh gee, George Sucks and you're an old fart.
You know, all the other crap that we get on their day after day after day.
You know, or can't you do something about that streaming?
Fix the streaming in those damn spots.
It's like that, you know, something warm and friendly.
The warmth of the sun does not extend beyond the boundaries of South Florida.
The warmth of the sun is like, I don't know, it's encapsulated somewhere.
Shouldn't have any energy problems because they could cut it all loose.
We get lots of heat, but no warmth.
The heat?
You start with a basketball talk again?
Yeah, that's what I'm doing.
Because that's what George Soma, Jack and Jack and Jack and me, Jack DeBendigo.
What does that mean?
Me, Jack DeBendigo.
What does that mean?
You know exactly what that means.
No, I don't.
Those are Daniel's friends from the Bible, Daniel and the Lion.
Oh, I don't know what that means.
You think I remember that crap?
He had three friends.
Did he?
Shadrack.
Me, Jack and a betnacle.
And a betnacle.
Did they eat the lion, eat them too or what?
The lion did not eat any of them.
I know.
I know.
And the whale didn't eat Jonah either.
Maybe those animals just weren't hungry.
It was a great fish.
Maybe they weren't hungry.
Or maybe Jonah was trache.
Or maybe it was a made-up bunch of bubble mice.
That sounds more like it.
Made-up bunch of crap.
Now, let me ask you.
I don't want to start picking on flea.
But I know last year in my anniversary they ran these rejoins and, hey, 32 years on the year itself,
photo, you know, happy anniversary in the Arangers.
I don't not only have any balloons or anything or like anything.
But are they running anything on the year?
Now, of course, I'm asking the wrong person because you don't listen to our station.
That's right.
No, I don't know.
Do you want flea to blow you a balloon up?
No, I don't want flea to do whatever you just said.
I can't repeat it.
Not at all.
Nor do I want any balloons.
It's like celebrating your birthday.
You know, when your little kid have birthday parties and like that.
And what age...
This would be a good poll question.
And what age do you stop celebrating birthdays the way you did when you were a little kid?
That is a good poll question.
Like, I don't know.
Well, when you're 18, you know, like here when you're 18,
and they're 18, you can drink.
Right.
When you're 15, 16, you can drive.
I mean, there are different reasons to celebrate at different points.
You know, 21, then you're a man.
Even if you're a woman, then you're a man.
There was somebody playing at the machine next to me yesterday morning.
And I swear to you, I don't know whether it was a man or a woman.
That happens, you know, every now and then.
I'm serious.
I looked at the hands.
I mean, I didn't want to be too obvious.
Nor did I really care.
It was not an attractive individual.
But it was somebody like in their 30s, I would say.
And I kept thinking, is that a chick or is that a guy?
Is it alive?
But the third party.
Paul Harvey's dead.
Of course, you know me.
I hate everybody.
I was not a big Paul Harvey fan, to say the least.
And as a matter of fact, one of the first things that I made them do when they heard me at WI would do
was get the all that extraneous crap off the wall.
I never forget the first day I said down.
I realized there was no need to ride your show.
We had Rick Weaver on sports.
There was some five minute, the commentary, turned.
And then we had Paul Harvey at 1230.
It was an abortion.
Bill Wise, man.
He really knew how to format a show.
You think the formatics are bad here and they are.
I mean, just a nightmare.
So I made him get rid of that crap.
Oh, Jesus, he's taking Paul Harvey off the air for that filthy old fag.
Yeah, well worked out pretty good.
You bastard.
Paul Harvey, the news commentator in talk radio pioneer,
who's staccato-stomated by the nation's most familiar voices,
died Saturday in Arizona.
He was 90.
He died surrounded by a family at a hospital in Phoenix,
where he had a winter home.
ABC radio, he worked for more than 50 years.
No cause of death was immediately available.
He was 90 freaking years old for Christ's sakes.
Joe Smith, who was died in Tampa yesterday.
No cause of death.
He was 114.
How about old age?
Don't people die from old age?
Maybe.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
You always say that last day.
Schmerkle in his voice.
And he's going to show from his basement in Chicago.
That's right.
For your standards, people that do the shows from home.
Talk about these.
Talk about me.
Isn't that mailing it in?
Yep.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
See, he's dead and he's still talking.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, he won't shut up.
He's like the Pierre McGuire of news.
By the way, all my ranting about Pierre McGuire,
I never got one email.
I don't get emails about anything I talk about.
Very seldom.
Once in a while, like earwax, something like that.
There you go.
We've got 8,000 different ways to get the wax out of your ear.
That's why I see build up.
That's Joe Bell's problem.
Too much waxy build up.
And the only people who listen to that thing cross the street
are the people in our building.
Remember the, well, you know, we've been through it a minute and a half.
What's the use?
Garnish, tell.
So happy anniversary to me.
33 years ago today, or yesterday, March 1st, 1976,
I did my first show on WKAT 1360 on the Dow.
Thank you, Sid Levin.
Sid had the balls to hire me and put my ass on here.
Two to four.
What was, now I was doing three to six.
And then for like another 20, no, for the same money,
I got to do two to six for the same money.
275 bucks a week.
That was an increase from the 225 a week I started at.
And you know something I had plenty of cash back in those days.
I don't know how, especially with all the hustlers I was picking up.
Well, there you go.
He's talking about his personal life.
Let's hear it.
We want to hear about the cruising.
Yeah, cruise this.
Get a life of your own.
That, that, yeah.
Pathetic.
The warmth after 33 years.
And that's because most of our people are either dead or they're gone.
They're long gone.
And I've discovered in this business once they're gone,
they sold them come back.
You know what I mean?
Oh, here, look at this.
Happy anniversary.
Bap, bap, look at that.
Remember when I said that?
Oh, look at that.
Remember what I said to you on Friday.
Remember what there was.
Not important what day about it.
About the Steve Sloan, our sales hole.
I don't know if I had come in the previous Friday during my vacation
to do the Gulf Stream, the pick up pony thing.
Yes.
And I said, if somebody says, thank you,
after you out them for not saying thank you,
it doesn't have any meaning.
Right.
And you agreed.
I did.
I still do.
So all these people who all of a sudden are like,
oh, happy anniversary.
Didn't I talk about it at length on Friday?
Did not mention it on Thursday?
Yes.
First Friday we had the racing thing.
So, you know, nobody was listening.
What show do you watch that you never had met
to anyone you watched?
That was our poll over the weekend.
321 votes is all we got on that turkey.
American Idol 88, desperate housewives 49.
There's so many that didn't make it.
I'll tell you a show that has also no business being on here along with.
Another shout out to lab.
Similar, similar genre.
Is that Paris Hilton thing?
Best best best girl friend?
Whatever the hell a thing is called.
I don't know what it's called.
Have you seen it?
No.
It's the same thing where it's an elimination show.
You know where they have these different contestants who compete to be.
Paris's best girl friend.
You know, all that crap.
Oh, desperate housewives 49.
Rock of love was 29.
The Rock of Love.
Well, what is the Rock of Love?
Is it like the Book of Love?
Yeah, there you go.
Wonder, wonder.
And that's in the infomercial with what's his name with Bowser?
Book of Love with the Monotone.
They were dark, by the way, the Monotones.
Survivor 27 Project Runway 23, Beverly Hills 902-0211.
America's next top model 19, the real world 17.
What's wrong with that?
The Bachelor 15, Gossip Girl 13, the tool Academy 12.
And the Hills 8.
Oh, the Hills.
Paco likes that.
The Hills.
Because sometimes there's hot guys on there.
But generally speaking, there's not even Luke War,
or anybody on their shows on MTV.
A clear and obvious.
So they can get tossed off really.
Oh, you're out.
You're out of here.
You're a...
Take a walk.
Like that.
Humiliating and degrading other people.
How many more of those best bloopers shows do we need to?
About 100?
The best bloopers of all time.
The best freak, you know.
Jim and Kendall said, I'm going to read all the emails today.
All these phonies who all of a sudden out.
Now these are not phonies because I originally had them in my pile.
Right.
I haven't printed out any new ones.
Jim and Kendall says it's been a pleasure being able to listen to you all these years.
Thanks for all the life's entertainment.
You did good.
Keep it up.
I did pretty good.
I used to be pretty good.
Then I came to work for Joe Bell.
Well, I didn't really come to work for Joe Bell.
That we kind of morphed into a Joe Bell operation here.
And that's when things started really going into the toilet.
You could smell the turd all around you.
You could smell it.
The thousand down, one hundred and fifty two points by the way.
Thirty-three years ago today, yesterday, I sat down being at Big Old KAT studio
with a big grand piano over in the corner.
I don't know if it's a grand piano, but Big Old piano.
These big old drapes.
That thing worked like something out of the Smithsonian's Duke.
That's how old, fashionable, fangle that studio was.
It was huge.
Can you imagine doing your show?
And it was like a statue outside the window.
There was like some kind of a statue.
And the tower was sitting right there behind the building.
Yeah.
Well, it was the statue of it.
I don't know.
Like a bird.
Maybe some kind of naked statue.
Oh, I mean, naked statue.
No, it wasn't not a statue.
It was a bird bath.
You're right.
You said, bird, it was a bird bath.
Wow.
We used to make jokes about the bird bath.
And then one day Craig Worthing was doing a spot.
I was in the studio.
And Craig was doing a live spot for something about aching legs.
And he said arching legs instead of aching legs.
And I started laughing so hard.
I grabbed a hold of the drapes at that big old window
in front of the bird bath.
And I said, it was just shaking.
I was laughing so hard.
I almost pulled the drapes right off the damn ceiling, off the wall.
You ever have arching legs?
Just this morning.
Oh, why did I answer?
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Holy mackenaw!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
An elderly woman sitting on her front porch
rocking away the last days of her long life.
Suddenly, saw a very godmother appear before her.
The godmother informed her she would be granting three wishes.
Well, now, said the woman, I guess,
I would like to be really rich and poof
with a wave of the magic wand.
Her rocking chair turned to solid gold.
And G said the woman, I guess I wouldn't mind
being a young, beautiful princess.
Poof again, the magic wand world.
And the elderly woman turned into a beautiful young.
Lady, your third wish, said the very godmother?
Well, just then the old woman's cat wandered
across the porch in front of her.
Oh, you can change him into a handsome prince, she said.
Poof, there before her stood a young man
more handsome than anyone could possibly imagine.
The woman stared at him, smitten,
with a smile that made her weasenake.
He saw her to cross the porch and whispered in her ear
at your sorry you had me neutered.
Paul Harvey, good day.
Oh, well, he's still dead.
I'll be damned.
Were you a big Paul Harvey fan?
No, but I was subjected to him.
The first radio job I had we played Paul Harvey.
Really? I had to board up both the news and comments
and the rest of the story.
The rest of the story?
As a matter of fact, he was my lead in for my four years as a DJ.
Really?
The news and comments.
Why, you sure couldn't do much better than that?
Indeed.
Now, did you hear Joe say happy anniversary meal
at the end of the year?
Joe Rochelle this morning?
I didn't hear Joe say squat.
Yeah, we heard the last minute.
Hearing and listening are two different things.
Oh, you weren't paying any attention?
No. I must have missed it.
I also didn't hear stormy.
I must have missed that.
I heard the item up too late.
Right. I hear the ID.
That's all I hear.
Oh.
Now, I'm not knocking Joe because certainly he didn't know about it.
I hear Joe in the hallways when we have little discussions,
little chats about other things, real things, you know, human things,
like getting laid.
Sure.
Stuff like that.
Stuff like that.
That's right.
Like what a toilet we work in.
All of these things.
What a disaster.
This has become a little bit we ever anticipate that, you know,
John in New York City says happy anniversary from New York City.
You are and have been the best.
Would you believe the Dr. Winter on my building, Lexington and Forty-fourth Street
she has your show on every day?
I wonder whether the Dow hits minus 36.
Well, these have preventive-laden bad wounds on MSNBC still be telling us there
are great buying opportunities.
It's not MSNBC.
It's CNBC.
Get it right, John in New York City.
Thank you, New York City.
You're welcome, John.
You're welcome, John in New York City.
Paula, oh, speaking of Paula, I guess a movie I watched last night.
Haven't seen it in a hundred years and now I realize I never watched the whole thing.
It's so bad.
What's that?
Gaslight.
Oh, oh, yeah, it is a bad movie.
With Charles Boyney, Ingrid Bergman, and guess what else is in it that we forgot all about?
Who's one of the main stars in the movie?
I don't know, Peter Laurie.
No.
Joseph Cotton.
Right.
Baton.
It was a bad movie.
It was terrible.
Terminal.
Slow, sluggy.
Slashy.
Yep.
And there was only like...
There were only three characters of any consequence in the movie.
There was the maid.
And then there was the other maid.
There was a screw in the constable.
And that was it.
There were only six or seven people in that movie.
Let's talk about predictable.
Yeah.
Paula.
Well, Paula.
And you know who else used to say it exactly like...
Just like Charles Boyney said it in that movie.
Was the guy the former RU and weapons inspector used to be on CNN all the time after 9-11?
Not Hans Bricks.
Hans Bricks.
Really?
With Paula.
Paula's on.
Well, Paula.
Yeah, he used to make fun of them all the time because he had well, Paula.
Hans Bricks.
A few, for Hans Bricks.
I have to watch it again.
Right now, in fact, on my anniversary.
I'm going to watch that movie.
Yeah.
Paula says happy anniversary.
Neil, I've enjoyed many years listening to you.
Hope to hear your heart sounds again before you're done.
Paula.
Yeah, there's two chances of that happening, Paula.
Unless they sell the station to like a real broadcasting company that's got some co-horn.
And isn't run by some crazy frigid bitch over in Naples.
Oh, geez, we can't do this.
You sure can't do that.
And of course, George wastes his time having a confab with her.
Yes, you're right.
Yeah, I did waste my time.
How did that work out?
It didn't.
But, you know, no one was going to accuse me of not trying, you know?
Well, that's true.
George is a trooper man.
He goes down trying, even though he knew it was no chance.
Right.
Went through the motions anyway.
Can't blame me.
Oh, look at this.
Here's three more.
Happy anniversary.
How about 33 more?
Go ahead with you since they did the James Port St. Lucy.
Well, I can read some of these off the things that don't have to print them out.
Congrats on 33 years of being on a radio.
Please don't retire anytime soon.
I wouldn't know what to do with myself if you retired.
It says Michael.
Thank you, Michael.
I'm sure that there are people in the audience who'd be delighted to tell you what to do with yourself, but then again, that's our audience.
Don't take it personal.
Rich Pactor says, and Paul Harvey Jr. is dead.
Wow.
Rich Pactor.
What a comedian, huh?
Or what was the deal with those two?
I hate it so much.
No, by the way, chicken neck your check.
I'm mailed on Friday.
So you don't have the chicken check?
Chicken check.
Yeah.
Didn't overnight at all.
Oh, Jesus.
What am I going to do?
Do like everybody else.
Don't pay your bills.
That was down 153.
We're in the middle of a depression.
We're trying to like continue.
We have rolled in long here.
Rick, the Anna Cornelholyah guy says,
I've always said,
my thanks to you and George for providing all these years a free entertainment to me and my co-workers.
Once again, I say,
thank you and happy anniversary for another year.
Needed to keep me in a much of security officers sane and in the know on everything that's going on in the world.
I'm sure we appreciate it very much.
Also, I want to apologize for the knuckleheaded Jamba guy who is going,
uh, giving security officers a bad name.
Well, that's right.
He used to be a security officer back when he was worse.
Something.
Something like that.
He used to sit in one of those gates.
Mm-hmm.
One of those gates.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Shaq.
Shaq.
Shaq.
Ha.
You know, I've been listening to you since 1990 when you were on IOD.
And although your show has changed,
F yourselves, Joe Bell and Joyce, it says,
you're still probably providing the best entertainment on radio.
Congratulations on a long and successful career.
Well, that sounds like it's coming to an end.
Well, you know,
in many ways it has.
But here we are.
We're still taking a checks.
Still putting them in a bank.
Just amazing how these people out.
Can they really be as oblivious as they pretend to be of what we've done here?
Yes, yes, yes.
I mean, they bring Kevin Rogers over.
He gets canned across the street.
And I've never heard him so I can't come.
Listen, don't you understand the solution to these bad ratings
as we're not sportsy enough?
We're still not there.
Well, let's talk a little bit about.
Shaq.
Go ahead.
I mean, here they're coming to take them away.
You hear it?
Nice and loud this morning.
Wow, right outside my window.
Tyson says the dice man is off the apprentice.
And that's the rest of the story.
Happy anniversary.
The dice man is off the apprentice.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Well, I can say that is.
Oh, hopefully in other 30 years,
I'll write in George Blows.
Uh-huh.
You're the best.
Tyson.
Well, it's in come here.
It doesn't make any sense.
So what do you expect?
Well, here's the new poll that we got up there now.
I think I screwed up.
Wasn't as opposed to leave the one from the weekend up there.
Well, I put another one on.
Oh, well.
The most comfortable type of underwear is 468 votes on this one.
And you said it was going to be a good poll.
So I did.
Yeah, you did.
I mentioned that it was on there.
I think Brandon sent that.
The most comfortable type of underwear is boxer briefs 120.
Boxers 103.
I'm sitting in my boxes right now.
Although when it comes to dogs,
I'm not fond of boxes.
And nasty.
Really?
Not as nasty as bulldogs, but.
Briefs 80, tidy white ease 58.
I don't wear underwear 54 disgusting.
Just disgusting.
WTF 43.
Speedos and thong like nine.
And jockstrap one.
George foot jockstrap.
I'm just just again to flood his anti sports stance.
Not true.
They're very comfortable if you've ever worn one.
And penalistic stance.
They fit right.
Very comfortable.
If they fit right, if you get one that actually fits you.
It's great.
Keeps everything all contained.
I wonder Tom Brady wore jockstrap on his wedding night.
For just a bunch of.
All right.
His head.
You knockin Tom Brady.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
He just how old is he now 110?
He still looks really good.
He must he must do something right.
Tom Brady.
I wonder if anybody's seen the Brady bunch.
A bunch of what?
Nuts.
Remember, a Merv Griffin.
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Yes I do.
When it was there at town or what?
I'm a Merv Griffin.
No.
Made billions of dollars.
I would say of all the people in history.
A Paris Hilton.
Of course she inherited it.
He made more money than anybody else with the least town.
Merv Griffin.
And then of course most of it was because of what you call
Jeopardy and the squeal of fortune.
Which they screwed up my Wheel of Fortune games at the Woodbine.
I'm going to sue them.
Oh no.
Oh yeah.
Who is?
Oh no.
When I heard a showman shouting underneath a flag.
The wild gauze, a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Oh.
They are all standing in their air.
Sounds so gay.
Uh huh.
One small one.
One small is bigger than that.
Okay.
Thanks Merv Griffin.
He's still dead.
That's a good news.
Here's Merv Griffin.
What was that guy Arthur Treacher with his fish and chips?
Remember Arthur Treacher?
No, I don't.
I mean, he was the, uh, he was the Ed McMahon of the Merv Griffin show.
I never had the pleasure.
Well, count yourself lucky.
1027, a QM, the best deals on the most comfortable mattress on earth are just a phone call
away and 1-800 mattress.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks again, Gregg and Karen.
So they said pithing.
She couldn't say it with a speech defect.
A kind of worm within it.
I've got a lovely bunch of Coke.
Oh, my god,
could he play that piano?
Could he have articleed out a tune?
He was.
Come on,ement sand!
Right off my phone.
Oh, my god.
No ceremony!
It's all a ditch.
It's the value of the audience.
$1,000.
And, wow, stayed in the closet even after his death. He's still in the closet.
Tim and Miami says, happy anniversary. I've said it before. I hope I'll continue to say,
thanks for keeping us entertained through all the free.
Saiga Zun spelled very badly. Thanks Tim.
And Tim is Jewish too. I'm looking at his last name. Subject 33 freaking years. What?
He said, Ziga Zun. 33 freaking years.
Do I get a balloon? Do I get even an acknowledgement that it's an anniversary day today?
Didn't I mention enough last week to prod these people? There's no way to embarrass them.
Yeah, man, anything. Here you go. You get this.
Well, well, that's something.
And I sent you a thing on your Myspace too. On my Myspace?
Yeah, well, what? A little happy anniversary.
Oh, stop it. Stop it. I don't want to be left out.
Larry says Arthur Treacher looked like a typical Brit long horse face, very dry humor.
And with smoked cigars nonstop laughing at Marv.
Merve not Marv. Plus happy public for the anniversary.
This is Larry. Thank you, Larry. Whatever that means. Happy public.
David says happy anniversary to you old man.
Question. Who stock is going to go to zero first? Sirius or BBGI? Have a good one.
Oh, hopefully serious because we can't afford to have these people go out at least for almost five years.
Keep the checks coming. Keep them coming, beeslees.
Ronnie and Coke on a creek says just wanted to say happy anniversary.
You are the best. There's no other who comes close to you.
You're a wit and looks you stud just kidding in the looks.
Yeah, you have a face for radio, but couldn't go through a day without you.
Also, what's up with your past trading mad castle away?
The fact is they can't afford to pay him 14 and a half million dollars a season.
Oh, well, take care of yourself, Ronnie and Coke on a creek.
That's the effect. You can't afford Tom Brady and mad castle.
Oh, here's one I actually got a printout. Well, there's a couple on there. Nothing.
I'm not going to say it. I'm not going to say it because it sounds like I'm reaching over and patting myself on the back.
Even if you think to show sucks. If you're listening,
wouldn't you think there would be like hundreds of emails on there now?
Yeah.
Wouldn't you?
At least a couple. No, hundreds, not a couple, not a dozen, hundreds.
Yeah. I bet you we don't have 500 people listening to this.
Let me think about arguing. Go ahead.
Okay, I'm done. Go ahead.
All right, I'm done. Don't think about it.
Go ahead.
I mean, I'm all over sales department's going to get so upset with you.
Well, is that the same sales department that pretended this show wasn't even on the year?
Right. That embarrassing conference call we had.
And by the way, Norma supposedly was having a lunch with Joe Bell somewhere between that meeting and today.
I have a good word from Norma about that. I didn't get that email about Norma and his blog and all that other stuff of grandizing horse manure.
And about his highly rated morning show that never existed on FTLA 50.
I did get that from Norma, but I don't think I ever got unless my Alzheimer's is kicking in.
I don't think I ever got any update or up truck.
I want to happen with his big lunch with Joe Bell. Norma.
Let's face it.
How people go out on boats.
They're like a drifted sea and they just get lost. Nobody will hear us from them again. That's us.
We're drifted sea, man.
But we do have a lovely bunch of coconuts. Yeah, you should see.
Yeah.
Scary. It's really scary.
Terrifying.
We're drifted sea and nobody cares. That's the worst part.
We're just we're just out here floating around.
Soon to be on the ground.
Hey, this Thursday those ratings come out, man. The arbitrage.
The first month of the winter book.
And this is the last traditional rating book before they do those ppm's the people meter.
The people leader people meters.
Wow.
So what's flea's story and he come in there and explain why we're not promoting the Eels 33rd anniversary today?
No.
But why not?
I told you he's he works for the other side.
All right.
He puts on a good act every now and then, but when push comes to show he's working for the guys across the street.
And so is his buddy, Joe Bell.
It's a package deal like Winery would say.
We got package deals.
Is that what he used to say?
I don't recall.
For that cruise ship, but whatever that thing was, we got package deals.
Yeah.
Squirt, squirt.
I didn't really say that too.
And then they fired his poor ass.
He didn't like crap.
Never forget that last day when he had the he had the he had a red jacket and a blue jacket.
He had the blue jacket on the last day.
And he came and he took his coffee mug, his thermos, which I'm sure had booze in it.
And he took his goodies and he sculpted out of there never to be seen again, at least not by us.
The least we heard from him often after that though he was a he was a friend of ours.
Mm-hmm.
He was a good guy.
And then that's why he got screwed over in his business because the better guy you are, the deeper and the harder they're going to screw you.
Like with a sledgehammer, they're going to shove it up there until it's your Adam's apple.
Yeah.
Give me a win.
D-A-Y.
As you see, K-S.
Oh.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Now the post depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life with your flight, since your life, he's got a job where you tend to.
You're fair.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the big B on your chest and full of bruise and tight dress, preventing those who are afraid.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Who's with the speed of a bugger sound?
Sense of that nice straight to hell.
When a building starts too low, we don't even understand we know.
You're crushing the world with close fighting blood.
Virgin Mary.
I'm going to have a big party.
No.
No.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
I don't see him.
I just went to the bathroom.
He's not out there.
I just want to know what are those millions of meetings that they like to have.
Oh, they have a big meeting.
Probably about my 33rd anniversary show.
Yeah, sure.
I don't know if they are.
I just don't see anybody.
Oh, they're going to have a people running up and down Lincoln Road Mall with sandwich boards.
Hey, it's Neil Rogers.
33th.
He's still on the road.
He's still alive.
I'm like Paul Harvey's still alive.
See, this becomes, I mean, I got a pretty good pile of stuff here.
But it becomes dehumanizing and embarrassing.
It's like it's like saying, oh, please wish me happy anniversary.
Oh, please, please.
Yeah, it's like embarrassing.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I know.
It's dehumanizing.
Yep.
Ask me if I care.
No.
No, just, and those people will give us crap about, well, you people all you care about is your paycheck.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
Why else should we care?
What's the, what's the incentive to care about something else?
Right.
You tell me.
That was a question.
I don't want gotten after.
What's the incentive, man?
Frank says happy anniversary.
Great job, Neil.
You make my day much more doable when I hear you online.
I hope you continue for many more years.
Hope George takes your place when you leave, says Frank.
PSI really enjoyed the horse races on Friday.
Keep it up.
There's somebody who likes the horse racing that was on Friday, as opposed to,
oh, no one cares about that crap.
Opposed to that.
You know, Karen says, congrats on your time with us.
Because if you have changed my ideas on many things, at the present time, I'm having an anxiety attack because of CNN.
There are people out there who have no lives and are influenced by CNN.
To see it and take on your right-wing hypocrites off the air, I met my Witsen trying to educate people on the fact that Obama's not ruined the economy in a short-term and office.
He's been an office for a month for Christ's sakes.
How dare you see an end to run vicious unethical announcers who've reigned, walked little old ladies in such into believing that Obama's ruined the economy.
It is eight weeks of service.
Limbaugh, you suck long-lived Neil Godson, certainly, Karen.
Thanks, Karen, and calm down.
Karen's all whipped up to a frenzy.
Yeah, Limbaugh is just out of control now. He's the new Scholkman.
Oh, yeah, I'm not listening as much as I used to now.
As a result.
Oh, here's one in big capital letters.
Ray says, happy anniversary, Neil. Thanks for 33 years of entertainment.
Weeding out the chronic a-holes by ditching the calls and going email was a great move on your part.
Keep up the great work and congratulations, Ray.
Well, yeah, it was a great move if something really happened on here.
Oh, here's Greg Budell.
Happy 33rd anniversary, Neil.
You get what you give.
See Sarcas and there from Greg Budell. Screw you, Budell.
Loser.
You got loser written all over you from the top of your head to your toes, probably on your ass, too.
You get what you give.
Oh, my God.
South Florida's Love 94 Drops Smooth Jazz Show posted February 27th.
But what is that all about?
They're a little bit behind the times, aren't they?
By Glenn Garvin, he just discovered they dropped the jazz in Love 94.
God.
Can you believe that?
It's a long, long thing here by Glenn Garvin.
Industry figures say it's not hard to figure out what triggered the changes.
Money.
Yeah, that's right, money.
It goes on and on about this craft.
Glenn Garvin. Go away, Glenn.
Somebody buy him a radio, please.
Lawrence says it doesn't matter whether you read this on the ear or not, just a quick happy anniversary.
Made the next 33 years, I guess he'd be almost 100 by then.
Be one of many wins it would buy in lots of times away from the toilet that is South Florida.
Amen, Lawrence. Well said.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Hollywood is my language, say.
Remember about Wapikowkick?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Greg says you shamed me in this sending an email.
Don't want to be a chronic.
A silent listener since 89 who appreciates all you do for us.
See, I shouldn't have to shame anybody.
It's like, you know, back on my birthday, remember the 8 million emails I got?
I guess the birthday is more significant to these people in the anniversary.
Uh-huh.
It's not to me the birthday is when you get to a certain point you want to like skip on by those.
And you clowns from my space sending me happy birthday, which is it's not my birthday.
See, that's your buddy Miguel.
That whole deal is all screwed up.
Am I right?
No.
Yes, but we've had that conversation.
Yeah.
It's a birthday of the show.
Right.
And that's normally how it's done.
If it's a band, it's when the band started, it's he's just following the procedure.
It might not have always been out.
So they see that on there and they think today is my birthday or yesterday or whatever.
It's the birthday of the show and they think it's the birthday of Neil Rogers.
Because you know, you got the way.
How I was.
How I wish 33.
Oh, how could have been a contender?
Of course, to be 33 now to be in this business.
Uh, you'd be in big trouble because there's nowhere to go.
I'd say in 10 years, uh, radio is going to be history.
It's going to be pretty much an anachronism if it isn't already.
As we know it.
Yeah.
Oh, AM, what's that?
Was there such a thing as AM?
Yeah, morning.
Mark says, Mark and Miami.
I've been in Miami since 1988, been kept sane by listening to your show since then.
Hope you keep entertaining us for another 33 years.
This is Mark.
Yeah.
From a coma.
They're going to hook a long cue to my nose and I'm going to make sounds with my mouth.
Boo.
Every now and then, one of those so I can relate.
Rudy says just a thank you note for all your years of service to the Saturday of South Florida.
Keep taking the money.
Well said, Rudy.
Keep taking the frickin' money.
That's it.
Yeah, they're in the meeting about important stuff today.
They don't have time for my anniversary.
Heartless cruel bastards.
Is that pathetic or what?
It's typical, predictable.
Embarrassing, degrading, humiliating.
Well, you know what Craig B.
D'Alsa says, you get what you give.
Whoa!
Yeah, and you're a prime example of that, Craig.
That's why everybody in the world hates you like Poisonin' which is you would die a wicked death.
Oh, here's a long, long, my God, long email.
I better print this baby out.
And why do they keep showing that fat ass rush on there?
Who the hell wants to see him?
Or listen to his right wing, his fascist ramblings?
God!
Why would anybody in their right mind continue to be listening to that, Craig?
Can you answer that for me?
No.
No.
My friend, then, we're Scott.
Morning, you know, thank you for another great year of entertainment.
I'm like some of those idiots who always complain or critique about your show.
I really appreciate all that you enjoy to do every day.
Give us a good laugh each day.
I refuse to complain, offer suggestions that to make them the show better,
or critique all the work that you two do.
Well, how do you like that?
I guess Scott isn't getting with the program.
Well, enjoy your day away from all the hate and discontent of Florida.
As for me, I'm doing the same in the beautiful mountains of Denver.
We'll never go back.
Happy birthday, your friend in Denver, Scott.
Oh, why are they saying birthday?
Scott in Denver.
Sorry, happy anniversary.
See that?
He just followed it up.
Excellent job, Scott.
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
Because he cut his own bed.
I don't want to read these for all four hours today.
And especially when I'm having to prod these people into sending them,
it's embarrassing to me.
Retire!
Retire!
Maybe today they've been able to do it.
Retire!
But I need the money.
521 votes on the pool.
The most comfortable type of underwear is boxer briefs 135.
Boxers 113.
Briefs 94.
I don't wear underwear 60.
Tiny whitey 60.
WTF-46.
Speedo, Thong like 11 and jockstrap too.
How do you like that?
All right.
I think the knob guys out there.
Let me go look.
The knobber?
Yeah.
You need more than look.
Go get you some.
Every ball you throw will make me rich.
There stands me white.
The idol of me life singin' really, they're all at any of it.
Singin' rollin' rollin' rollin' all of any of it.
Singin' really, they're all of any of it.
Rally down the ball.
Ow!
Oh, geez!
Guess what I just did.
Paper cut.
Yes!
Wow!
How'd you know?
It sounded like one.
He made paper cut sounds.
Oh my god, nasty.
I reached out on the floor to pick up the pile of papers.
You know the stuff that I'm discarding?
Which after I read them I threw them on the floor.
And then during the break I pick them up and I throw them in the trash.
And I got a paper cut in my little pinky.
Oh and by the way speaking in my pinky I got some stuff.
I forget what the hell it's called.
I'll get the tube.
Cue!
Yeah, one of the breaks and I'll send it and then I'll fix up my little
irritation at skin thing I was telling you about.
Excellent magic.
Oh right!
Like magic.
So I'm sure that any second now the door's gonna open up
and they're all gonna come running in their joebell and Joyce and the beeslees and flea.
And the sales mangler.
Oh tell Neil happy anniversary for all of us.
Oh Neil!
You're listening to Neil Ranger.
I'm sitting here.
You can see my seat.
Here we go again, untold.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Good morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
L'Anora and James Litchfield of Tacoma Washington had both lost their jobs.
She at the broom factory and he has a bricklayer, financial times being what they were.
L'Anora decided that she could begin a life of prostitution.
Her husband less than thrilled with the idea just ignored her but as time passed and bills,
mounted financial necessities, got the better of them and L'Anora began her life of prostitution.
One night later she returned with a huge wad of cash and fast up to her husband that she indeed had begun prostitution.
Although upset he asked her how much she made.
She gleefully announced $398.10.
The husband puzzled, looked at his wife and said,
well who paid 10 cents and she replied,
hey all men, everybody, Paul Harvey.
Good day, last time.
Good day.
He's dead.
He made it to 90 though.
That's quite an accomplishment for an old toad.
Here's one, is there anything more boring than listening to an old man read anniversary messages to himself?
Yes, there's one thing more boring than that.
Reading a message from some anonymous mail content, bitching about some old man reading anniversary messages to himself.
That's the only thing more boring.
Is that a perfect for me to argue because I'm not gonna, you know, what?
If you're waiting for me to argue with that, I'm not gonna.
No, hello is good.
Oh, I forgot to get my cue.
I'll tell you whatever that stuff was.
Carnie says, proud of you guys, happy anniversary.
Best of you on radio in my opinion, you are bad as George too.
One day you'll be in the AM radio hall of fame, bitch.
Oh, whoa.
Boy, here's a long one.
Richard Gardner says, I listen, I listen, I kneel to you.
See, I'm reading these two fasts.
Just slow down.
I listen to you via the internet whenever I'm at my home office.
I do get down to South Florida every once in a while to visit my mother who lives in Davie.
Usually I'm there only about a day or so then I get to hack out of town.
Last week I had the occasion to spend several days, Thursday through Sunday visiting my mother,
and other much more exciting things like Gulfstream Park on Saturday.
I got a chance to listen to QAM all four days.
These are a few of my observations about QAM over the time I was there.
For a so-called big time radio station, QAM signal really sucks.
As I drove around Broward and Data ran into a lot of static and there was ever an
Cesset radio signal bleeding into QAM.
Can't the engineers do anything about this?
I don't remember this problem 10 years ago when I lived down there.
I heard about a dozen promos of shows on QAM, but heard none for your show.
What's up with that?
I bet there were five or six promos for the big, the big, oh, oh.
Speaking of the big, oh, he needs to take some pointers from AdDoc.
How to do a sports talk show stealing a phrase that you used in the past, the show blows.
Oh, last and certainly not least congratulations on your 33rd anniversary of doing radio in South Florida.
How the heck have you lasted that long in that market?
I've got to believe that you have something going for you.
I've got to believe that you have something going for you.
Now what does that mean?
That's sure.
This is Dick and Ormond by the sea, Florida.
Alice Rantell, it's the real one by the way.
I'm sure that.
Even though you're skeptical about everything.
Right.
Happy anniversary of the most talented talk show host I've ever heard in my inspiration.
I've been diagnosed with a highly tweetable form of lymphoma and now undergoing chemotherapy.
I'll be offered about a month.
We'll be listening to you the whole time.
Tim Conway, Jr. will be filling in for me on KABC, all the best.
Alice, how do you like that?
Alice Rantell.
You don't believe it?
I know the lymphoma thing is true because Norma wrote me that.
Well, get well, Alice.
And Georgia apologizes for all the nasty things.
Even though he doesn't know who you are.
That's right.
For all the nasty things I said.
Right.
Isn't that your job?
Sorry, you said that.
I'm the part of that.
That's right.
That's your...
Excellent.
That is outstanding.
Oh, some of these are just too long to read off the thing.
You know, they're just not that many of them though, which is good.
The ratings are going down.
Mr. 790 has one right now.
Alan Strauss, PS Kevin Rogers, God.
Yeah, Kevin Rogers has got fired over there.
What does that mean?
Your ratings are going down, Mr. 790 has one right now.
Alan Strauss.
Who's that?
Do we know who that is?
Anybody ever heard that?
No.
I don't know.
Never heard of him.
And probably never will.
Your ratings are going down.
Well, who the hell is...
Aren't.
That's what we like to know.
Who's aren't?
They got labested over there.
And they keep...
He's like a battering ram.
He's a human-battering ram.
They keep using him to batter the hell out of everybody else.
Oh, we got labested.
We got labotured.
Yeah, Alan.
And Kevin Rogers, they're touting who they can.
And we picked up for part-time work.
And don't ask me why, because he used to work there.
Derek Sanderson says,
Congrats, Neil.
It wouldn't be the same day without you.
Saw the W movie over the weekend.
And you'd like it.
Showed the idiot was at least true to himself,
but coolness when it came to common sense
with thinking ability.
I don't want to see no movie about W.
I just lived through an eight-year nightmare one.
Richard Rifus' device was great.
Neil Consol, around except Colin Powell,
who had some sense.
Right, he had some sense.
That's why he went to the U.N. and sold out.
Sold the world out.
With that vile display.
Also, so religiosity.
Scary, but otherwise reasonable people really believe.
And just how silly all religions are,
except Mara seriously points up at the end
how dangerous religion is.
End times, baby.
End times, again, heavy birthday.
Go Panthers.
It's not my birthday, okay?
It's nobody's birthday.
Well, somebody's birthday.
I'm sure today.
Or yesterday.
Rich says happy 33rd anniversary.
And thanks for all the laughs throughout the years.
I first turned to you in 1987,
and was given a company vehicle
that only had an AM radio.
You and the bird were on W.I.O.D. along with such luminaries
as Steve Cain, Jeff Charles, and Stan Major.
When I had my home built in 88,
I had the home alarm system installed by one of Cain's
sponsors, now he's funked.
I can still hear his voice now.
This is Steve Cain for alarms by HRD.
He then go into a live spot,
and segue into another live spot for Burton Jax,
also the funked.
While drooling all over the microphone,
when describing their 42-pound baked stuff lobsters.
Anyway, you were the rock solid reason I became a,
I mean, the rock solid reason.
I became a talk radio junkie,
and I thank you.
And for those years on W.I.O.D.,
I do the staple of possibly the best radio lineup ever.
Rickid suds you, Randy Rhodes, and Phil Henry.
See, all these people keep living in the past,
and that, you know, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
I was working in 1997, and that was,
my one claim to fame regarding your show,
the fact that I was your very first caller to your first show on QAM.
I was up north for the holidays and vowed to be the first person
to call, and lo and behold, I was.
You were raving about what a great job George Corso
had done to get in the studio up and running.
While ragging on somebody in management,
whose name I can't recall,
Greg Reed, for bailing on a station and leaving
during your grand opening,
you guess something's never changed.
He gets like today, they're ignoring our 33rd anniversary show.
Bastards, cruel, heartless bastards,
should only croak or wicket death.
Sorry for the rambling message,
but I have to ask you about the Paul Harvey
but you played coming out of the first break at 10-18.
He was talking about the woman's cat being turned into a handsome prince
I could swear I heard him say that his ravishing looks
made her weasenique rather than knees weak.
Please check it out, and if I'm wrong I'll sure be justifiably revved.
What difference does it make? He's still dead.
Rich, thanks for the memories, Neil,
and yes, I definitely remember Bowel Peacow kicks his rich.
Thank you, Rich. Wow.
You care whether Paul Harvey said that, I mean, he's dead.
I don't.
Let's not be picking on the dead.
Unless, uh, Jolly Jo Beldyes.
Andrew says happy 22nd anniversary.
I've been listening to you since 90, have never stopped.
That doesn't mean you don't drive me,
and other listeners up the wall upon occasion,
but we still love you in the prices right indeed.
Here's to at least five more years, Andrew.
Oh, yeah, here's to five more.
Right.
Cory says after 33 years, you're still number one, damn it.
No, we're not.
Thank you for all you've done and we'll do forever do for radio broadcasting.
PS, I have mantishes all right on myself whenever I receive a text message.
He goes, all right.
Like that.
Oh, good.
Cute.
That a boy, Cory.
Oh, my God.
Author explains the alliance between Jihadist and self-hating Americans.
Get out of here with that crap.
There's still, there's still hucking me with the stuff like that, you know,
with with swill with spam.
Hucking me with spam.
Boy, just, it's just unbelievable.
It's terrifying.
But we just continue rolling along today.
Today is living proof.
If ever I needed it, that we're just, we're talking to ourselves.
What?
I'm telling you.
I know.
And they're having another one of their big meetings somewhere.
Another one of their sales slides.
I don't know that.
I just know that this corner door is empty.
Sure.
It was one of the last time I was out.
What about Clarence?
Is she running around there somewhere?
I saw him earlier this morning, but not lately.
In a meeting.
They're having a meeting to set up all the other meetings for the rest of the week.
Have you ever seen that FedEx spot where they're all sitting around a big conference table?
All the executives from FedEx?
Or not not from FedEx from some company that's debating what shipping company they're going to use?
I'm the senior executive vice president.
And I think we ought to use FedEx.
And they finally get to the head on show.
You've got to stay lean and mean.
FedEx it is.
And of course, the whole thing's a joke because they've got 85 vice presidents.
Lean and mean.
Like us.
Lots of meetings.
Lots of people with titles.
And very little results.
No, well, we've got results.
We just don't want to talk about it.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm Neil Givinch.
You may have wondered what kind of sausage is floating in the pink juice jar at the bottom heart.
Well, they're a byproduct of transgender reassignment surgery.
Quite tasty.
And good for you.
Ever seen nuts hanging on the back of the truck?
What you don't know is truck luster also a byproduct of transgender reassignment surgery.
Do you sure you want to do this?
Yes, mommy.
Yeah, I want to look more like they're woman.
Okay.
Hold still.
Here we are.
Oh!
What do you want to do with these?
Just hanging on the back of a truck or something.
And during your pickup truck with dangling manhood by dangling someone else's.
Available in brass, chrome, and blue anodized.
Make your truck use less gasp by showing your ash with teenuts.
All right.
1116 at 560 WDQ AM.
Brian says happy anniversary and congrats on your 33 years on year.
I've been a needle since my...
Since my what?
I don't know, my breasts.
Growing buds at the Horticulture Department Miramar high turned me on you during your Zeta days.
Oh, yeah.
My something.
It's chopped off.
You know how that goes.
Yes.
Thanks for all the entertainment and elisms that have become part of the vocabulary of my friends and I.
And the priorities that bring smiles to our faces when the original songs are heard.
You're still the best regardless of the ratings.
Brian, thank you, Brian.
From back in the Horticulture days of the Miramar high guys used to bring by plants.
And stuff like little cacti, stuff like that.
George from Montreal, you know, George, not a frog from Montreal, that guy?
Yeah.
Remember him?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Sure.
Every time he sends an email he always says, George from Montreal, not a frog.
Oh, that guy.
You don't know who that is.
No.
Happy anniversary to a radio legend.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Woo.
Congratulations on your 33rd anniversary.
That's a f'ing long time to be doing anything little on keeping us.
Nucleus entertainment informed.
I've been a fan since I found you by accident on WIOD.
I love talk radio.
Always bring my crystal radio whenever I travel to see what's on the local airwaves.
You are the best.
Oh, he brings his crystal radio.
How did you get so smart about horse racing?
I tried to figure out the betting, but it's very complex life learning and the language.
What's up with that?
You know how you learn about horse racing?
Go to the track for years and years and years and years.
And then you still lose your ass.
They closed blue bonnets in Montreal.
The entire horse racing industry is finishing Quebec.
Good.
Everything's finished in Quebec, George.
Things went bad when they changed the name from blue bonnets to a hippodrome.
What the f'ing is a hippodrome?
Love you, Neil.
Happy anniversary.
I listened until your last radio breath, which I hope won't come for another 33 years.
I want to retire.
I'm done.
Says George from Montreal, not a frog.
Oh, George.
The hippodrome.
What?
Montreal.
How do you learn about the track?
You go there.
Hmm.
You need a good idea?
You read the form.
You plunge your guts out.
You watch the races.
You say, you stiff, you crook.
You scream and you holler like that.
You know.
And you look around and you see all the other old people there.
They're on.
Basilio Blu-chit.
Daesh, you got it there.
Under some Brennan urging with the panel bay, Matt.
It's the seventh race from yesterday at the Medolands.
Wanna go to the Medolands East Rutherford P.A.?
No, you don't.
Positive, you don't.
Okay, let's just keep reading.
Okay, maybe we'll make it to two o'clock.
Maybe not.
Maybe this is the day I just get up and retire on my anniversary show.
You tell me that flea, nobody has a puff their head in there and said,
oh, tell the old man to f off or something?
No.
Nothing.
No.
They don't even recognize us.
We're like red China.
No.
Rosie says, I found you in 2002.
I'm still a newbie.
Two days after your 30th anniversary, I met my boyfriend at Amsterdam on his 30th or so trip there.
I'm in Phoenix, still listening every day.
Love to you, George, Josh and Chris.
It's really interesting, but a very large percentage of these emails that are coming in these happy anniversary emails are from out of town.
Yep.
Notice that.
This is from Rosie Bryant and their New Golden Retriever Valentina in Cape Creek, Arizona.
See what I'm saying?
Yep.
But Dayton Broward, it's baaaaaah, baaah, like that, not much.
Out of town, all over the place, New York City, Montreal, Arizona.
Right?
Yep.
What was that other guy up the creek somewhere in Florida, wherever the hell he was?
S Creek.
Yeah, up S Creek.
Jeff in Orlando says, see what I mean?
Y'all an anicos.
But Dayton Broward is baaah, baaah.
We're on to you, we know you, we hate you.
Baaah, like that.
And that's true.
Jeff in Orlando says, what's up, Altacocker?
Just wanted to say congrats on your 33rd anniversary of being on a year in the sweat hell hole at his South Florida.
I'm out there, thank God.
I grew up with a golden era of talk radio in South Florida with you and W.I.O.D. and Rick and Sudden Phil Henry.
There is that again, see?
And it had a big impact on my sense of humor and sense of awareness growing up.
I truly appreciate what you do every day between 10 and 2.
It definitely helps me get through the toughest part of the day.
Okay, enough asking.
Right.
Have a great anniversary shown.
Don't be afraid to play some of the classics.
Barney takes a dump.
So far, King, people through the keyhole playing back by the good stuff.
Yeah.
Thanks for the memory, Jeff in Orlando.
He's just fun in us.
You know, he knows we can't play this and we can't play that.
Because that would be bad.
Somebody might get a laugh or two out of those.
Oh no, we're going to lose our license and then we'll be up S Creek.
Oh yeah.
A bunch of pantyways.
I've never in my life encountered such a bunch of security cats.
Remember what I told you a long time ago about the Joe Bell crew?
One thing they do not do is compete.
They don't believe in it.
They don't know how to do it.
They don't want to.
How about competing with like, we don't want to?
That would be dangerous.
It's like they're afraid of rating or something.
They're afraid their own shadow is what they're afraid of.
But when you got a big fat ass like Joe Bell,
you'd be afraid of your own shadow too, Mr. Let me tell you right now.
Hurricane Geo says thanks for everything over the years.
Loyalistin since 1980, 39-year-old Gringo.
Punk.
39.
Young Punk.
Yeah.
Greg says happy anniversary.
Thanks for all the fine entertainment regards Greg.
Thank you, Greg.
And what if that's Greg Reed?
No.
Other than Alice Rand Telecourse and Greg Vudell,
my two close personal buddies, every, I don't mean to lump them in together.
Sorry, Alice.
People in the business are oblivious.
Even the fake Barry Jackass didn't bother sending me, you know, an email today saying,
oh, congrats you old fag.
A berry.
You fairy.
It's no coincidence that it rhymes.
You slime.
Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dog.
Remember them there from Meridino, Idaho?
Yes.
Most of these are from out of town.
Uh-huh.
Except the one from the beast.
I got one from the beast in my pile.
Isn't that nice?
Very nice.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks for all the laughs over all these years say Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dog.
I would listen to you at work and it made the day go so fast.
Now I listen to Idaho makes my morning happy many more years.
Thanks Byron Pegg and mustard the Wonder Dog.
Brian the beast London, who was on the show on with us on Friday.
That laugh is, man.
He sound like a little giggly girl, didn't he?
That seems to be the unanimous consensus.
Giggly little girl.
God.
What is it?
What's up with that?
Say, you em thing, I think.
I think it's working with Zagaki that doesn't.
Jerzy Gaki sucks, okay?
Brian the beast London says 33 years holy crap longer than I've been on earth.
Not sure how long you survived the latest regime.
Oh wait, must be because you don't have to walk into that building.
You rats kneel.
Brian the beast London on air talent sports radio and then all the other stuff that goes along with it.
With his long resume.
When that nice, right beast.
See at least at least he took the time to like send the, you know, extend the land of friendship.
Something.
Didn't require that much effort.
Lisa says, good morning and happy anniversary.
I've been listening to you since 94.95 or so.
I'm the advice of my friends.
I haven't stopped yet and I began to love affair with the talk radio that is really expanded.
With my purchase of satellite radio.
Oh, thanks for being my first and having George filling in for you when you're off.
He is my new hero and he rocks.
Says Lisa.
Well, thanks Lisa.
Thank you Lisa.
You're here her new hero.
Wow.
Doesn't say much for her life, but nevertheless just a joke Lisa relax.
Just relax.
Brandon says, well, you survived 33 years.
And he also says the reason I think people this is good.
The reason I think people didn't message you on your anniversary until the show started because if they send you an email when you're not on the year, you might not read it on the year.
So they want to say wait to set it during the show so they can have a better chance to get you read it on the year.
Then again, here's the operative part of this email and the whole thing.
Then again, maybe they don't care.
Now you got it Brandon.
Well, here we go again.
Oh, you know, and T.A.Y. as you see.
Hey.
I thought Christy and he was very tell this religion thing was not for me.
Hey, hell the big convention.
Let me in for free.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
Oh, they were speaking in tongues.
That they made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just take it out of my mouth.
Speak in tongues.
They got me believing my tongue is weaving from side to side.
I flat my tongue to the feet.
I flat my tongue to the feet.
I flat my tongue to the feet.
Now whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
But that makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing around with my mouth.
Now I speak in tongues.
Play the live.
30-560 W.Q.M.
I'm sure by now that flea came in their impolitegeous profusely and said,
if we would have known, did he do that?
Nothing?
No.
Not an acknowledgement.
Not a tip of the cap.
Not a go f yourself.
Nothing.
Not a tell the old man to stick in where the moon on shine?
No. Well, screw them.
Screw you.
Steve Rondonero, the fake one, of course, says,
He thought, I want to wish you,
congratulations on 33 fine years of the radio on the radio.
It's here you are a pleasure to listen to.
If you ever want to do some TV, let me know.
I'm producing a news show and wouldn't mind having your input on pressing issues.
Oh, and by the way, did you watch 60 minutes last night?
No, I did not. They did a story on Bobby Tindall.
What a strange man says the fake Steve Rondonero.
Wow. Did you watch it?
I saw that story. It's a part of it.
And is this strange?
He's a right-wing Catholic anti-abortion,
your choices, anti-rights, you know,
for teaching intelligent design in school and all this other horse crap.
Crazy person.
Yes.
Well, so what's unusual about that?
And just like you said, Bobby from the Brady Bunch,
identified with Bobby, you know.
Did he say that?
Yeah. Did he really say that?
They asked him, you know, do you do anything like Indian,
do you acknowledge any of them?
No, no, I'm American, you know.
Just like, is that how he said it?
Redefining self-hating, practically.
Really? Yeah.
Did he go, bat, bat, like that?
Might as well have.
Oh, God.
Well, that's the Republicans have got Russia and Bobby
and Sarah, of course, don't forget.
Yeah. Oh, how can we?
Anyway, David says, happy 33rd anniversary from Colorado Springs.
You've been making me laugh for 25 years and continue to do so.
Thanks for the free entertainment.
You notice David from Colorado Springs?
Out of town.
Out of town.
They out of town.
People really appreciate the show.
The people in Dayton, Brown.
Bat, bat, we hate you.
Bat, you ought to die.
Bat, bat.
Once they get out of town, then all of a sudden it's like they got a
whole different altitude.
Coincidence?
John says, happy anniversary.
Damn it.
Well, thanks, John.
Damn it.
Sounds to me a little like Suds Coleman when you come right down to it.
Damn it.
Yeah.
How Suds doing?
Well, I don't know.
I talked to him there last whenever the hell there was.
Oh, that was the day we did the racing.
We could go Friday when I came in special for free.
For free.
And picked a bad horse.
Boy, that doctor, Bougie, you know, you're schmugity, whatever his name was.
Bougie's stung.
Bougles, Bougles.
Bougles, Bougles.
Yeah.
He got bumped twice coming out of the gate, though.
You know, they always use that as an excuse, even though it's a mile race.
He never made any, well, whatever.
Listen, you can't win them all.
I picked four winners in six weeks and had one second and one very mediocre fourth.
That's not so bad, right?
It's pretty damn good when you come right down to it.
And I know that's probably where flea is.
In fact, flea and probably the whole of promotion department, which is flea.
They're running around all over up and down 441.
Neil Rogers picked another winner at Gulf Stream on Friday.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, and today's is a 33rd anniversary.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Isn't that what they're doing?
Sure.
No, it's not.
They couldn't give, they couldn't give a rat's ass, if you and I got run over by a Mack truck.
What about that?
Oh, they're well, they'd like it, they'd throw a party.
Yeah, they, they, they, boy, can you imagine?
Then they, you know what they would do?
In a heartbeat, they'd bring some loser over from across the street and put them on in mid-day.
Right.
With another stupid ass sport show to talk about that.
They can't wait to get those mid-day numbers down to like ones.
Hey, listen, in time, as like David Lerson, in time, in time.
Adrian says, happy anniversary, Neil.
I must say that hands down you the best voice on the radio today.
I started listening to you back in 97 after my uncle spoke very highly of you.
My uncle used to tell my mother, who's a Bible number, that Jesus was a faggot.
There was something I heard you say all the time.
Jesus, you ferry.
These words for my uncle pissed off my mom to know end,
and that's what's all I needed.
I started listening to Neil Roger showing high school.
I've been a huge fan ever since.
My office blocks internet streaming radio, but I've been able to steal internet access
from a neighboring company to listen to you.
How do you like that?
Keep up the good work you truly are the radio god regards Adrian.
There's somebody who actually makes an effort to go out of his way to listen.
Thanks, Adrian.
Jesus was a homo.
How come I never play that drop, by the way?
You do.
I don't.
You do.
No, well, I do.
Maybe once they're in a blue moon, Jesus was a little bit bigger with Bowser again.
Jesus, for the homo.
With Bowser, what's he got to do with blue moon?
The Marcel's in blue moon.
I'm sure they covered it.
I wonder if I have that Bowser thing still on.
Oh, look at that.
I don't even have the cassette that turned on.
Where you smile at me.
Well, well, I know how it will always be.
I got to rewind it a little bit to get to your buddy Bowser.
I gotta go back.
It was by favorite decade.
We finally had our own music and our own love songs.
Rock and roll love songs.
He is, he's the guy with the eyes and that guy from a woodbiner who looks just like the guy with the eyes.
I saw him the other night.
Yeah.
Whatever the hell line it was, the guy that looks just like the guy with the eyes.
I was coming out of the tea room.
I had just taken a leak in my lucky middle urinal.
And there was the guy with the eyes, a twin brother, identical twin.
And he was carrying a David Cassidy blow up doll.
Just a coincidence?
I'm sure.
I think not.
Mark and coconut creek, happy anniversary meal.
God, here's somebody in in Broward County and coconut creek.
All right.
Thank you, Mark.
God, I feel so much better.
The out of town people love us.
People in Dayton, Broward, wish we both would croak before the show ends today.
Lesette says, good morning, Neil.
I just wanted to wish you a happy anniversary.
To many more years, I hope you enjoyed having a great day.
And you like that.
Thanks, Lesette.
She's very nice.
She's a regular emailer.
Neil at nearodges.com, by the way, is the address for all your happy anniversary wishes and hate.
Happy anniversary.
And by the way, we hate you like poison.
That would be a good one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like that one from Michigan, Bible, whatever his name was.
Oh, there's nothing more boring.
Sure there is sports talk.
That's more boring.
Any sports talk show?
Boring.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's hear a lot more about it.
Arthur says, art.
And what does that mean without the title, F, even though I'm a year year senior?
The art is in Sosolito, California.
How do you like that?
All right.
I think the fact that it's the anniversary show and these people out of town, they want to like reach out and touch us.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Touch is hard.
And also, art says,
optulachus, spitefully, just to get somebody angry, optulachus.
Yeah, that's why they're ignoring us on my 33rd anniversary, just optulachus.
That's right.
Very good art.
Optulachus, just to piss me off and boy, they sure succeeded as if I really care what they think.
But those people know about this show.
You can fit in a thimble and have jolly Joe's fat ass left over in there, his fat bloody ass.
Warm greetings to his art.
Since I download archives and listen to them as time permits, this item may have already been resolved.
However, if not, the Gansom Aguila Yiddish Glosserie seems to be useful entertaining online source.
Check it if you haven't already been aware of it.
I'll be presumed art.
Hey, you'll see with that.
What?
Hey, it's Josh.
I just got to the building.
So I just wanted to come in and say happy anniversary.
Well, thanks, Josh.
And I will maybe do check today.
Oh, sweet.
Forgot about that.
Did Chris Whalen do the stories?
Was everything cool?
Yeah.
Nice, smooth transition, man.
Well, the first story came out in Chinese, but it was fine.
He's doing okay.
Maybe he likes to type in Chinese.
Maybe no speaking English.
Maybe he was in Chinese.
That was a nice gesture of yours.
Can you believe did you encounter anybody in the hallway on the way?
I actually just got here now because I had an issue.
Don't make excuses for them.
No, but there's nobody here.
So whatever they're doing, it's a group effort.
Oh, group, group.
Right.
Can't you just see that?
I've just grew hands in the middle of that.
I'll try to find out what's going down here because I didn't see anybody.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, I know you said they had a meeting, but I haven't heard of this.
Well, I just made that up.
Maybe they're all...
Well, that's highly likely, by the way.
Yeah.
But they're all not here.
So I'd imagine there's something going on.
Maybe they're decorating for the party.
Yeah, that must be a big party.
Or do I have a big party and putting up a costume?
They're celebrating my 33rd anniversary with a big party.
I created out no doubt.
You know, lots of food that the Georgian you can't have.
I'll do some of that for you later.
Yeah, go out and sniff around.
Thanks, Josh.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
He cared enough to send his very best, and he didn't forget about the check.
That's why he came in, sucking around like that.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
He is.
He just, you know, he's a party animal, but then again a young punk like him.
If he's not a party animal.
Like, uh, like, uh...
I feel sorry for him.
Paco, he's a party animal.
24-7.
Party all night, sleep all day.
Although he's in the gym now.
He's working it out.
No comment?
No.
The Dow is down.
The Nasdaq's down.
Down, down, down.
Where's the Obama bounce that Maria?
We haven't heard from Maria in a while now.
I don't blame her.
If I was here, I'd be laying low too.
Maria gives me diarrhea.
And Tony Harris.
He really gives me diarrhea.
Progress report.
The U.S. left.
Oosing bloody diarrhea.
The Dow's down 204 points.
I told you I had a bad feeling.
In the pythomite stomach.
I knew it.
I could smell it.
The Dow is down.
I wonder, you know, serious, open today at 16 cents.
That's the highest as Vincent's.
We've been there following it.
Serious.
Is today the day you're selling finally or what?
Oh, yeah.
I'm selling everything.
I'm selling my ass.
The church isn't speaking to me now.
Oh, there it is.
What?
No, I accidentally knocked the button open your pot.
I was going to say four to all I dropped two cents already.
It's under 14.
That was a premature evaluation at 16 cents.
Oh, there's swallery.
A state that is a responsible partner is at peace with Israel
and its Arab neighbors.
Offering.
And is accountable to its people.
A state that Palestinians everywhere can be proud of
and is respected worldwide.
Oh, we're giving 9.0 remade into a Gaza.
How can we afford to do that?
Just because they're all starving to death.
593 votes on the pool and we better do the breakers
and get away behind.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Greg H2.
I'm Chris Magick, play hardball on MSNBC.
I feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl is wearing a scope
and those scrappy thigh-highs and the wind just blew off
from my coachy.
Ha-ha.
Even though the economy is decimal and I run things to be crambling,
I feel exuberant and excited like a 13-year-old girl
going to see twilight.
Ha-ha-ha.
Welcome to 3CEOs of the automobile industry to Hardball.
Got Alan Malawi of 4th.
Robert Nudell of Chrysler and Richard Wagon of a G.M.
Welcome to Program Gentlemen.
Let's start with you.
Richard didn't know if you realized he actually named
after a station wagon.
That's a nice name to Wagon.
Yeah, it's like a station wagon.
That's funny.
No.
No.
I think it's funny, maybe not if it's said to him.
Anyway, let's go to you, Alan.
Don't you think it's funny to Richard Wagon.
His last name is actually from a station wagon.
I think I know comedy anyway.
What are you doing with an elephant with three balls?
You're walking in pinched and giraffe.
Anyway, let's go to you, Robert Nudell of Chrysler.
Robert, I'm asking about the Richard Wagon and Nene reference.
I'm not going to trade a curveball on Hardball.
Why is it that you guys flew on private jets into a big bale?
Don't you think that says the American people screw you?
I think it's not a say screw you.
The American people.
Well, I don't get me wrong.
I'm a big believer in spend, spend, spend, spend.
But that's kind of crazy, right?
Well, I'm kind of excited.
I'll go ahead and try to private plane that way people wouldn't over here to screw
but things I say while traveling are mass transit.
What is it?
I've got back to you over there Richard Wagon of a G.M.
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time.
Get it station wagon.
Hey, are you wearing any wood pedaling on your side?
No, you.
Anyway, let's talk about the big bale I do you guys think you deserve.
Well, thank you.
Go ahead.
I jump, go ahead.
I'm trying to get an answer out of you.
How you feel about the bale out?
Yeah, I do.
I do really think, go ahead.
Chris, I'm going to try and save.
But that's Robert Nudell, he's saying question.
Nudell, wait a minute, just hit me.
Your name sounds like a macaroni.
I think I had some vodka sauce and Nudell, he last night.
Why, I don't think so.
I had fun, he came out of me.
No, that's not.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Orange, you're glad I didn't say bad.
I know comedy.
I've got back out of the Al Malala, you're fun.
Wait a minute.
You know what you're name reminds me of big bale with Miss Barbara Stamwy, get rides.
Malala is big bale.
Of course you can also be the chick from Will Grace for the high squeaky voice.
Don't you think it's funny?
It's funny.
It's got, guys.
Listen.
I'm here.
I'm telling you it's funny.
Miss Barbara Stamwy, they can't swear we first saw a million dollar man.
Rightly majors funny.
Listen, we're not.
Sunless than you.
Maybe no back talk to house.
Tune in tomorrow on my special guest of bait.
A priest, a rabbi, a prostitute.
That's funny.
Chris Matthews played hot bar, I miss him.
Be serious.
Okay, 11 till noon at 5.60 W.
Do you have any courtists come back in with the balloons and party favors?
Half of that.
Balloons?
Bagel.
Oh.
It's kind of a party favorite.
Depends on that part of the big celebration.
There's party in my honor up there.
No, no, no, just the Einstein brothers, but some bagels in.
Did they really?
Yeah.
And it's not even St. Patties day yet.
No.
St. Patties days, only what?
March 17th, 16 days away, 15, something like that, a couple of weeks.
Yeah.
Now are they the ones that used to bring in the green bagels or not?
Remember that at IOD every year?
Yeah, I don't know if it was that, but somebody did.
Well, a lot of people used to bring in a lot of stuff back when we were popular and people were in contact with us.
And we were on the air and like, there was a lot of stuff going on, always.
Remember those days?
All kinds of stuff going on.
People bringing in food, people bringing in all kinds of promotional stuff.
It was like we had contact with the subhuman race.
And then we came to QAM.
Mm-hmm.
Haven't heard from Norma.
My student agent there saying, happy anniversary client.
Where's some money?
I'm not sending you any money.
You really pissed me off.
It's frost my ass.
And I'm constantly just a never-ending barrage of this crap.
Oh, Norma's blog.
Who cares?
Oh, yeah, clog.
He's writing a blog.
Rich ref.
Whatever that means.
Oh, from ref sports bar.
Says a faithful listener since 1991.
Thanks for the memories.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks, Rich.
I wonder if that's slim rich, not to be confused with.
Right.
We were talking about February this morning before the show.
Mm-hmm.
Don't repeat it.
Okay.
Um, Mike and Hollywood says, Neil, I miss your TV show,
Sarcasm, Happy Anniversary.
He writes Sarcasm in parentheses.
There's only one thing to say about that, Mike.
Where have you?
Got it.
Stop.
Yeah, that wasn't no TV show.
That was an abortion.
A real abortion.
Thanks to your friend Marvin, by the way, for helping to
embarrass and humiliate and degrade.
You think they got us any new listeners that...
No.
Maybe because this is main new listeners,
this is the Joe Belviergim is done.
Wow.
Wait till you hear this one.
Short, sweet, obviously fake.
Pretty much.
Hey, Neil, happy anniversary.
I always believed in you.
Give him hell.
Greg Reed.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
What?
You are so sour, man.
It's my anniversary day.
You're supposed to be, hey.
Hey.
You're supposed to be having a party in your armpits.
Yeah.
Matter of fact, at noon, I'll start taking a whole bunch of
drugs and drinking.
Good.
So, monestana halala haz.
That's right.
Greg Reed, you don't believe it's the real Greg Reed?
No.
I always believed in you?
No.
How can anybody convince you that it was real?
I mean, Tom Jicken, I have a code word,
so I know when it's really him, which is rare, but once in a while.
Other than that, how do we know anybody is who they say they are?
You don't.
Brandon, we know who he says it is.
That's right.
That's right.
Because I know his email address.
Anybody else?
I believe that Alice Rantell is really Alice.
After that message today,
yeah.
Isn't that sad?
I mean, come on, Alice.
I mean, you're out there on the West Coast.
Whether it's probably pretty good?
Got to find something to do.
Of course, he's recuperating from about with lymphoma, so.
He sits in the house and listens to the show online.
Online.
There's another one from out of town that I forgot.
Out of town, California.
That's scary.
A little bit.
Maybe our whole audience is out of town.
Maybe they took my advice and got that out of that God for taking place.
That would explain a lot.
Yeah.
Dogs is just wanted to wish you a very happy anniversary today.
I started listening to you to do my first golf or daddy's war.
And must and have been hooked ever since.
It became a regular on your show,
Doug from Pepper Pines,
as well as Rick and Sudson Phil.
Yeah, to have to bring them up.
Thanks for all the laughs all these years.
Hope you have at least 20 more years.
Love you, Doug.
By the way, if Neil is God, then George is Jesus.
Hey, Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
I didn't know you were the Berkenskock sandals though.
Oh, trust me.
They're really very gay.
A three-parent.
So, gaslight really sucked.
Yeah, Ted.
No, wasn't that highly touted and where they're like Academy Awards and all other?
Probably.
Another one of those forties early 50s.
The role, it just, just dragged.
Yeah.
Gaslight.
And Joseph Cotton usually was in good movies.
Mm-hmm.
The third man.
Every other movie he was ever in, I thought was great.
Not that one.
What was the one where he played Uncle Charlie?
Who is the murderer?
Oh, I don't know.
You don't know the one I'm talking about?
Maybe somebody will call it.
He came to visit Uncle Charlie?
Yeah, no.
He was the evil guy, the evil doer.
Joseph Cotton, Cotton Van.
And I don't want to hear any more about Cotton Slabs, okay?
All right.
Cotton Slabs?
I will go out today though,
I think it buys some cutips.
I don't have any, and I hate to admit this.
I mean, is this gross?
I clean my ears out with my index fingers.
My little fingers.
That gross?
You don't eat the wax afterwards, do you?
No, I do not eat the wax.
Oh, Jesus, God, what I thought that is.
There are pebbies like eating boogers.
There are people.
That would be like, I'm not going to go into it.
I'm not going to go there.
Stay out of my anniversary.
Stay out of there.
No.
Did I get an email from Joe Bell?
Let me check my Yahoo and see if there's an email from jolly jobell.
That's usually where he sends the real email.
Should I check it?
How about you?
There's a big fat email on there.
Two new ones.
Oh, but they're both spam.
Let's see.
One is from Linda Wilson.
She's peddling at this count, see Alice.
You can become a star no matter what in bed,
and the other one's also peddling at that crap.
The limp penis stuff.
Boy, it must be an awful lot of limp penises around.
I'll tell you that.
677 votes on the pool.
It's true.
My God.
Can you imagine if it's just a little old me on my Yahoo and my,
and my crackberry getting all these sometimes three,
fifteen in the morning, the damn thing buzzes, you know?
Yeah.
Don't you, well, you probably don't keep your cell phone close to your bed.
I do, but I silence it if I remember.
Oh, well, what if there's like some kind of an emergency?
What if mom has a heart attack?
Don't you want to hear the good news right away?
Good point.
No, because the email thing will, you know, make noise all night long.
No, exactly.
Yeah, so no, thank you.
Three, fifteen in the morning.
I'll go up and I'll reach over and grab it,
and I know what it's going to be.
And it's, oh, Linda Schwartz, so has softie Alice up the ass in here.
Oh, my God.
The whole world is one big scam.
Oh, Neil.
You're up into Neil Vajer.
Well, here we go again, and I'm.
I am Fraau, Iliana, Roslatenin.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe cake, I'm gonna use the outer.
Take that.
Well, I hate what I'm doing on QAF.
Look, that bag is back on again.
I won't lose the head before.
These are my kinds of guys.
What the hell do they do with anyway?
If a man we sounded guy is really gay.
I want more at Christmas, more cost of life is real high.
When a listen to the sport,
a manly voice won't get my attention.
I will really get me sent to the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will give me an erection.
Well, I hate what they're doing on QAF.
Look, that bag is back on again.
I'm going to this here at Straight Man with voices this high.
Now, I'll have to check deeper as that closet again.
So I can impress all the macho friends.
The check out Chris More at night to help the fans decide.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys.
His voices have some traction.
They were 12 years old.
Yeah, I can't select that.
Yeah, stand up real close to the radio and press his on.
Get their voices on up there.
Really makes my balls think go near.
And that crow, man, we are he smarter than my infrared brother.
Yup, I'm gonna get it.
Do you see any happy anniversary from Jimmy Cifil is my close personal friend
and the playboy play voice of the Doffins?
But I do have one from an even more depressing person who wears flannel shirts.
Johnny Dark.
Right.
The real Johnny Dark who says happy anniversary.
And you were great for about 25.
A shhh, a shhh, a shhh.
Just what you'd expect from a real sour, depressing person like Johnny Dork.
Where's Johnny working these days?
He had to do anything in a business?
I don't know.
Around a business?
I don't know.
We don't care.
Just keep being depressing and wearing those flannel shirts, Johnny.
That's you.
Look at the mirror and say, oh, that's me.
What is it about guys with deep voices?
You know, last year was, you know, what?
Depressing.
Did you ever hear his show on FLA or the one on S U N?
Just depressing.
When we were on at the same time.
Why?
When we were on at the same time.
You know, would hang it out and go up there and all that stuff.
When we were there and all that stuff.
Yeah.
No.
Only that.
When it was in that station.
I don't think so much the show at S U N was a little bit more fun maybe.
The show he did on FLA.
Suicide inducing.
He would go into those rants and it was like these world is coming to an end now kind of people.
These apocalypse people.
Oh, geez.
Armageddon is coming.
It's the end days.
And Johnny Dork, I mean, depressing.
So thanks a lot, Johnny, for continuing to listen and continuing to give the occasional stoch.
Who cares?
Kathy says happy anniversary uncle.
No, many more.
The other guy mentioning Andrew Dice Clay was off the apprentice.
They started a season of celebrity apprentice last night.
Oh, I tried listening out of morbid curiosity.
Listening or watching.
Guys against the girls raising money for charity selling cupcakes.
And Dice Clay decided he doesn't bake or anything else they need to do.
So he announces he's going to appear on serious radio to promote the cupcakes.
Even though the project manager didn't want it.
The guys lost Trump fired clay for being unmanageable to which Dice said.
Oh, only entertaining bit was listening to Clay argue with Dennis Rodman,
which which of them had a worse work ethic thought the vacuum of that would create a black hole.
Can I read that last sentence again?
What you please thought the vacuum of that would create a black hole.
Sounds like a racial thing to me, Kathy.
Denise Rodman in a black hole.
Well, you figure it out.
Cornell and Miami, who's also a dark, complicated guy by the way,
and a good guy, one of our long time, my space people.
I said happy anniversary, Neil.
I started listening about eight years ago when I retired from the military.
Here's show is the best on the dial anywhere anytime.
Thanks to you, and George, I hope to listen forever.
Well, forever, and ever till we croak till we all die till I put us in that big box like Paul Harvey.
Good day.
I was driving to Woodbiden.
I heard I was listening to six, 80 news like I always do.
Isn't it embarrassing that sound Florida doesn't have a news station?
Yeah.
Embracing major market or a talk station.
Oh, are you going to start with that again?
You call this big market radio sports talk.
There is no more talk station sports talk.
Maybe you better get with the program just say it's very eating.
Oh, that bagel.
Coff drop.
Coff drop.
Well, there's nothing worse than people who try to smuggle prescription drugs in a cough drop box.
Right.
Or how is it?
Coff drops in a prescription drug box.
However, it is stupid.
The fake dog says happy anniversary if your finger doesn't get better, peon it or is that for jellyfish.
Anyway, just peon it anyway in the finger too.
One thing about a paper cutter heals up in usually in seconds.
Usually.
I mean, there's a little scar there, a little whatever, but it'll this crucial pass.
Should be my worst problem.
Sonny, that should be your worst problem.
Like that waitress at the rascal house said to that kid as the orange juice continued peeing down on his nice white dress pants.
Sonny should be your worst problem.
Instead of going and running and getting a rag and helping wipe it up in the mess and help him do whatever he needs to do,
she just stands there with some kind of a costume.
You people that ate at the rascal house man, you are a bunch of rascals.
You're a bunch of...
Oh!
Midnix.
Oftzulachus.
I'm so glad that came back to mind.
What was I thinking about when I said that?
I don't know.
Oftzulachus.
I don't remember it was 100 years ago.
I was thinking about the fact that the goyum don't understand what these things mean.
This is the juice revenge is yet to show.
Yeah, not much of what.
It's like your people's revenge is talking, you know.
You've got to hate that.
You're very simple to disarm someone from doing something like that.
I'm doing what?
Speaking a language you don't understand in front of you.
Speaking English, speaking English and they look at you and they laugh and then they start talking again
in whatever language you're speaking.
Yiddish.
Yeah, that's right.
Castle Hoys.
All you people know, speaking English.
Kishmir Tuchus.
Kishmir Tuchus.
Say it right.
Kishmir Yama.
Stay, you can't say that.
I just did.
Stop it.
Stop what all the yiddish swearing for.
Don't you remember that conference call we had?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's Spanish.
It's okay in South Florida, but in English.
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Oh, let me go and get that tube.
I want to remember during the break.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
One of the words richest fairy, Zabr.
Very good.
Oh, it's all bunch of rumors.
It's lies.
I mean, he's dead now.
I can't tell you, you know, of course nobody cares now because there's no money to be gotten.
So, oh, isn't all.
That's the name of this stuff.
It's in a green cube.
Ozoneol, something plus antibiotic.
And it's hard to read it because it's in English.
It's in French.
Oh, I see first aid non stinging, first aid antibiotic plus infection protection for cuts in minor.
Burns.
And I smeared that on my finger.
And boy, I smeared it several times over the weekend.
It's like magic, like magic, ozoneol.
And of course, because it's got antibiotic and also pain relief, it stops the itching and the twitching and twitch your bitching.
So how's the big party going on there?
Oh, it's in full.
So winged.
I mean, it's the winter in New York.
When you think they're off to their five hour lunch by now, did court has not come back in there or what?
He came in and eaten the bagel that was his lunch.
ABC radio networks, the Zering Tributes to Paul Harvey and his regular news and comment mid-day report.
And the rest of the story slots all this week, the specials will celebrate Paul Harvey's life and career.
Bush says Harvey and lightened and retained and informed.
Former president Bush said that Laura and I are saddened by the death of who cares what the hell he says.
The Bushmeister screw him.
Just Bob says happy anniversary for your 33 years on the airwiz is a 33 years.
That's a third of a century almost 33 years.
And I sit here with just sweat on my brow, toining over a hot frickin' microphone mailing this in five days a week.
And I get a message from Johnny Darkt.
You were great to first 25.
Well screw you.
You leather long piece of turd.
Anyway just Bob says a long time listen since the Z day to days.
I'm so thankful that the internet stream is available.
Oh he's in San Jose, another listener outside of South Florida.
I would have lost my mind years ago without it without the stream.
Please George, no more roller skating talk, Oive.
Ha ha ha ha.
You know I really talk about roller skating, do you?
I find these people so easy to joke.
Oh here's this one again.
Of course it's only out of town listeners listening.
I want anyone in South Florida to listen to this swill.
Even you yourself admitted that you wouldn't listen to this crap.
Yeah but you're listening, that's the best part.
You're listening and responding and writing your lovely emails.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for carrying enough to send your very words.
Here we go again.
You should McGiggy you.
We're later.
560 Q-A-A-A.
Come Monday to you.
33rd anniversary show for the Neo Roger show.
Wow, what a real tribute to you.
New God.
Oh yeah, we're having a big party in the studio that brought in all kinds of food.
Strippers with George.
Party favors.
So there's still nobody you're wandering around.
Lease back I saw him and the end.
What what do you mean the end?
I'm done.
That was my fault.
This is the end.
That was very important.
I saw Lee.
Yeah.
I'm done.
And what did he say?
If he had said something.
He didn't say screw you, your little spick or something like that.
Something friendly.
No.
He didn't say screw that old fag up there in Toronto.
We didn't say that.
No.
Well, screw him.
Hello, my job on our 33rd anniversary show today, flea.
Oh, nobody told me I didn't know.
No, nobody.
Okay.
Here's one from the fake Barry Jackass.
Happy anniversary, Neo.
After all these years, you are still in the best radio on radio.
Says the fake Barry Jackass.
You want to know how I know it's the fake Barry Jackass?
How do you know?
Because the real one wouldn't, he wouldn't dignify me with a response.
Hates me.
It's a non-sport show.
Don't you understand that?
It's the a tigger in a wood pile on QAM.
Scuse up all their plans.
Scuse up all their arrangements.
Warner, climperer, sends.
Now this has got to be a John Z. T.R., right?
Didn't he already admit that he was...
Or one of them.
It doesn't matter.
Or one of what?
One of those same six.
That's why we're not getting 80,000 emails out there.
Because we don't get emails from real people.
We get most of them from the same 10 or 12-knit knicks.
Like you said, I think George for once in his life was spot on.
Well, here's my discovery story.
Scuse up this fake is my old scene, I'll bring you remembers it.
It was the mid 1970s.
And I was a young punk wandering the streets with my AM radio.
I listened to a top 40 station called WSU-N or WFU-N.
One day I turned it on and the music was gone.
Suddenly it was an all talk station.
That's where I WFU-N, 790.
It was WS-News, WN-WS.
I probably never would have listened to that station again,
except your show was on.
I'd never heard a talk show before, but I was hurt from the first time.
Through all the station changes even morning drive, I followed you around the dial over the years.
I was always disappointed you never went national, but hey, there's still time.
Oh!
Congratulations and no check out anytime soon.
On a different subject, your old friend Phil Henry is still chasing his dream of being a Hollywood star.
And several voices and foxes, new animated, future-rama DVD movie.
The movie also has a guy singing a synopsis song that sounds exactly like the guy who's did this not for bits on your show.
What was his name?
Guitar man?
Coincidence?
Yes.
Stay well and tell George he's the luckiest board off in the world.
You're the luckiest board off in the world, George.
George, yeah, I heard.
What's going on there?
Nothing.
Did Flea come in and pee on your leg or something?
No.
You ever see a Flea pee?
Just this morning.
Oh!
Why did he say that?
You said me.
Barbara and Ray in sunrise.
Happy anniversary to you.
My husband and I have been fans for many years.
I started listening during the Bubba impeachment hearings and my husband many years before that.
We've met you several times.
You did your personal appearances in hockey games.
Thanks for all the laughs.
I hope you enjoyed your party that I'm sure the management's sprang for.
Stay on there many more years.
We all need the entertainment.
Thanks, Barbara and Ray in sunrise.
Yeah, the party is just phenomenal.
Call him when the party started.
That's what Mowgreens said.
You said keep your eye on the place and call him when the party started.
John and Fort Lauderdale says you just played that lovely bunch of coconuts.
Did you know we're different?
Wrote that?
Oh, well, that's your changes my whole attitude about that.
He wrote that.
Why?
I knew he had some talent.
He sure could tinkle on the ivories.
I hope you got my other email if not.
I'll just mention it again.
Happy 30th turn.
Thanks for all the fun.
John and Fort Lauderdale, yeah, I got the other one, John.
And I'm not pleased to know that Mervin wrote that.
Hey, Mervin.
You fairy.
He has Mervin.
You don't know Arthur Treacher?
I know of his fish and chips.
I know who he had.
He was Brit Shobitz who grew up before my tree.
I'm sure he never saw it.
I'm sure he did.
So much of his clip of him.
Really?
Never.
Constipated old Brit.
I know that covers a lot of literature.
Barber and Ray and Summers are printed out twice.
It must be pretty important.
Jim and Boyton have been listening to you for years.
Maybe too many.
In any event I listened to you over the internet in my home office
as opposed to the radio because WQM's lousy signal up here in Boyton
is overrun with Julio Music in the background.
Cheers and best wishes and many more years.
Thanks, Jim and Boyton.
How do you like that?
Even in Boyton Beach, the Julio Music is like drowning us out.
When in doubt, just drown us out.
How do you like that?
Now when does this other stuff supposed to happen?
It's going to work clear up our signal problem.
When is that supposed to take place?
When's the other shoe going to drop?
God.
Paul says happy 30 third.
Keep it up in the show too.
Paul and Weston, I'm dying up here.
I'm dying up here.
Well thanks, Paul.
The chronic and cocoa.
Russell.
Well, what a memory I got.
Excellent.
What?
That you remember?
You remember Russell?
Sure.
Chronic emailer.
Russell, please.
You could be a chronic factor once upon a time.
Back when we had a resort to the fax machine mine.
He says, don't feel too bad about the low turnout of congratulations on university.
High schools and colleges know it's difficult to get any alumni to show up or give serious money.
At any other time, then, their legacy reunion years.
10th, 20th, 25th, 30th, 40th, etc.
What else has that got to do with anything?
I don't know.
A lot of us love that.
That would be like saying only on the specially numbered birthday years that people pay to say happy birthday.
A lot of us love you.
Thank you and wish you good health and many more, but still can't get it up for number 33.
But when your 35th rules are around in 2009 and look out, we'll throw you a huge party and really get into it.
P.S.D. bitter winter has driven a record number of frogs down here from Quebec.
Could you please call them all back to Canada real soon?
No, we don't want them.
Partly move.
Stay there.
And don't lump in those frogs with the rest of Canada.
Okay, we resented bitterly.
Bitterly.
Not only is the weather been bitter cold, but the frogs are.
We resent bitterly.
There's not the way to respond to South Florida's bitterly.
You just don't do it right.
Not like that.
That's a shock.
You better work on your.
Sorry, when you got it, you got it.
Oh, here's Jimmy Cifalus.
Happy 33rd anniversary.
I don't know how you lasted this long.
You are a survivor.
And all the most of us in the business hate you.
We still listen.
Henry sends his love.
Henry Barrow, his ex-partner in that business that went under.
Oh, here's Flea.
Oh, my God.
Flea sends me an email.
How do you like that?
I would wish you a happy 33rd, but you just rag on me for being late and contrived.
That's why I'm wishing you a happy Eastern Orthodox lent which begins today.
Keep taking the money since Flea.
Yeah.
Hell of a job on my 33rd Flea.
God, Jean in Seabring says congratulations, my queen.
If I were to ask who did more to get me through the past 27 years,
I've been listening since your days on WNWS,
of living in South Florida.
The answer would have to be Neil God.
I've moved to Seabring.
You still brighten my day every day.
I hear you, et cetera.
I wish you good health, the ability to stay on the air just as long as you want,
and not just a, and not a second longer.
Okay, I see you.
Jean in Seabring, he's a regular chronic.
Remember Jean in Seabring?
Sure do.
No, you don't.
You just say that.
That's right.
You've blacked it all out.
All those heavy duty drugs.
Oh, you!
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again, much more.
Beware of exploding balls.
The mad dog is out of control, and you'll find out why.
When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment,
Jim Mandage sings duets.
Well, I'll ride.
Ride around in the speedrun.
I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Jim Mandage sing classic rock.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
You're a thing to me.
Well, I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Well, I'll ride.
I'll write listen to the mad dark sing himself happy
I'll write
I'll write
Jim bandit sing duets available now at all blockbuster stories from 32 at 560 WDQM
So I get a follow-up from Johnny dark. It says you want to hear it ready?
It's a joke Neil happy to you
Well, back at you. Yeah, well the reason he felt compelled us into the other one is because he wants to keep maintain that image
You know that hard-nosed hard-bitten
Whatever you hard ass and with a flannel shirt wearing guy country music nose-picking like that
Think Johnny dark picks his nose doesn't everybody. I don't know do animals pick their nose
Uh, somehow the ability to stick their tongues up there as you know, oh no cows and maybe dogs
If my dogs don't get snot they go well, they're getting runny, but I mean not huh they don't get boogers
Um, I don't guess they do maybe they do we don't know
We do they do and we don't know maybe how do you know what's up in there? How were they hide them?
Maybe they blow them out of there
Maybe they lick them up maybe they swallow oh
Geez oh, I'm munged on the mic. No, I didn't I'm munged on this next email though
I've no complaints again a good steady flow here. I mean well
What would I do if I had like three thousand emails? I don't know read them all
No, seriously what I could read them all for the whole week. Neil's anniversary week. What a good scam
That would be talk about mailing it in print them all out and stuff your mattress with them. Yeah stuff this that
Yes stuff them in your rectum
651 votes on the pool. I'm I'm overlooking the pool because I'm so wound up with these. Oh, here's one from a maney from Kendall
Oh, I gotta read this one. This is good
Armando Kanas Feren is that his real name?
Your buddy you want to know what your pal?
See back up and say
Here's Holly our Johnny Depp upstairs fan happy anniversary uncle
I always know it's Holly because it's got a yellow background now. Let me ask you this is a really stupid question all right
How do you change the background color when you send an email?
Um easily really the short answer
Yeah, you have to want you and then you do it
But the long answer is I describe how you do it. Oh
Well, don't do that. I don't want to
Uh, Holly says I've spoken to you and more recently emailed you many times a lot during the Obama campaign. Hope you have many more
Oh, here you go. Josh Darrow sends me a text
Oh my god happy anniversary your favorite sports hold the not fake clearance and it's really him because it's a um
It's on his thing, you know, it's a text message
Now do you think it's sincere do you think he means it no?
Mm-hmm. He wants to show off this station badly badly now
Get some sports on there talk about the Panthers talk about the freaking marlins. It's almost baseball
Let's talk about the marlins you want to talk about the marlins? Sure you start Holly says um
Hope you have many more successful years on the radio tens of luck on the slots much love always Holly your Johnny Depp upstairs fan. She's good
She knows people Holly thanks Holly
Lori and snowy Baltimore says you know the one good thing no snow here man
That big storm that just swept through DC and Baltimore and New York and England everywhere didn't get a flake here while there's a few flakes
Lots of homeless here. It's very bad. I don't like that like me. I looked like Paccos is you look homeless
There's some days when I admit I probably do look homeless because I dress very sloppy and you know what? I don't care
I've made it this far and it doesn't make any difference to me
And you want to know why because I don't really give a crap what strangers think
Do you know what I mean? What do you mean? Explain it take a while if I walk across the street to the convenience store
And I'm dressed sloppily or sluff and lee or whatever and I don't care
I just don't give a crap what people think that's a good way to go through life. I mean don't carry to an extreme
Where you walk around like in a in a barrel or something
Lori says many thanks for all the last over the years happy 33
Joyce and Joe should only croak for messing with Neil God
We hates them forever. Love to you and George Lori. It's snowy Baltimore. Thanks Lori. Oh, here's the fake Steve Rondon arrow back again
Steve Dawson to myself or having an argument and hopefully you can solve
I'm telling him that Fred Fort Forty and Mori Alter from channel 10 are the same person. Of course not
Frank Forty and Mori Alter are the same person. No
Steve Dawson says they are not a course. They're not you can tell by the
The thing that Frank Fort had removed from his memory had that big mole
Did no sir. I hope you can clear up this argument penny Daniels told me to wish you a happy 33 years of radio
Bliss Steve Rondon arrow. So we have a new fake. Oh Tom jicca
Randy Rhodes is off the air again. I wonder if this is from the real Tom where it's got a picture of the goddess
I
Should I read this? Do we really care? No
You don't care about Randy about the goddess your close friend. That's what that's what not what I don't care about
Oh, what don't you care about the fake Tom jicca right
But it's a it's a real story though. It's it's still okay
It's a story from someplace got a picture on it then go for it that it must be real
Well first manny from Kendall
I don't know why you insist in calling me the fake manny from Kendall case in point
I've been listening to you since I was 15. I'm not 44
Josh Darrow says
If you're gonna talk sports at least let us hear your thoughts on the Matt castle trade. I have one thought on Matt castle
hmm
And all seriousness. I don't want you off the station. It was in a I was enamored with the thought of you're doing the show in your coma 33 years from now
Probably 33 minutes from now. I'd like to see me in the coma come on clearance quit BS and it will be us
Not personal man. It's business. I know you love your sports. I love you love the cane the cane
Can I get back to manny from Kendall and quit bugging me a Josh clearance
I don't know why you insist in calling me the fake manny from Kendall case in point. I've been listening to you since I was 15
I'm not 44
I first started listening to you when you were on
WNWS since then I made it a point to follow you around from station to station a stalker
I don't live in Kendall anymore 14 years ago. I found my soulmate god married and moved to beautiful accapulco, Mexico
What what does that mean? I thought manny from Kendall worked at i.o.d. I
Thought he was the PD. I don't know
About eight years ago. I bought a computer was pleased to find your website live and archives streaming brilliant move nil
You and bill mar rule keep rock and even if you can't remember your best best promo ever
I thought manny from Kendall was the a PD there at i.o.d
I thought he was either boredop on the footy shores. He moved to accapulco 14 years ago
Then now we can get to the bottom of this and find out where the real manny is. Huh? That's right. Find out
You're the friend who you're really concerned. Well here we go again. Oh yeah, it's my big time
I wouldn't believe a word nil said if his tongue was notarized
Governor Sarah Palin unleashed you may be seeing more interviews with her than you ever did during the election in fact a lot more
Hey, slot darn right would you breastfeed a monkey never again? I've been there
I know what the foods are you have the scars to prove it afterwards. She also has a marshmallow issue tell me about it
Is any of this just a pro?
It's this is upsetting to me because
Get a pie brighter for Christmas. Thanks, but no thanks
But you know, you're gonna do what you're ready to do. Thanks, but no thanks
Oh, she just between her and uh, pausa whatever his name is Bobby a goofball
They really got some heavy hitters that waiting in the wings. Don't think that's good that you remember that what pausa
pausa jindal that's his name right. No, but I keep forgetting it engine
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me at all if he's a
But never let oh, speak of that. I got the fake time jick. I know it's not the real one because there's no code word
Oh, not just the article about Randy, but there's another one from the fake Tommy here that defo is moving
The uh to 940 on mornings on i and z good. That's the best news we've heard in a long time. That was the popular rumor
Me fo
Speaking of engine killer. He's gonna be doing mornings on the new 940 spots uh, a spot spots
Morning show
Pretty soon each one of the sports shows is gonna have a 0.1 all day
Oh point one and we'll probably get caught in the middle of that too, you know, we might do a point two or three
So clarence is involved in this anniversary today. How do you like that? No Joe Bell though
No, Joe mama
You know
There's your a fat ass
The standing ovation may explain why some GOP leaders are being cautious when they differ with limbaugh
I don't think anyone wants anything to fail right now. We have such challenges
Yeah, that's really a very American always accusing every all the people who left the center being un-American
Oh, we we hope Obama fails that that's good. That's real uh real American
But then again if this is all they got left is fat ass rush and paiyush
And Sarah they got a real service now. I tried I tried googling iod but I didn't see anything about any of the management people there
Okay, and wouldn't wouldn't the real manny from Kendall be talking about um
The fact that we've worked together on iod, huh? I imagine yeah fake manny from Kendall
Move to mexico
I
Got one here from the fake Kenny Rogers
You ready for that? Oh, this is this is one of my favorite emails the last line is great
Jim says monkeys can pick their nose or yours if they're trained properly
As I be currently unemployed you have no choice but to stay on here until I find work and I can just take the freaking money too
You make the days palatable in the septic tank of a town boca
Georgia shows us a suburban your absence great work guys Jim and then he says good luck entering matt's castle
What a great line that is
There's probably a drawback what there's probably a drawbridge that you might have to uh
Yeah, she ate
Good luck entering matt's castle. Wow. That was cute
It is cute
The Kenny Rogers says happy anniversary. Hey man happy anniversary. George seems so mad today. Why the hate?
I'm not he was so happy at the track on friday stoned and drunk out of his mind using people's mind to gamble
He and the other guy were laughing like little school girls the whole show. Yeah him in the beast
You guys get in a fight or something seems like it come on George cheer up. Thank god you fixed that stupid
Spot the Kenny Rogers
Got somebody across the street trying to screw with one of our sponsors, but I didn't say which one though. You know this yeah
um
Speaking of that there was an email in my pile. Oh, this is bad
About how you and I are feuding and fighting and about how much they love it and more contrived crap. Yeah, contrived crap
Oh, I gotta find it. It's in my I got a lot on here's another one that I can't I can't afford to lose this one. It's almost one o'clock
From Teresa what song was that?
This no
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts. Oh
You played a song about Canada now. I'm not gonna play the whole thing
But let me give you because my memory is still good. It was
That
Oh cannabis I imagine the words went something like Canada Canada. Could you please tell me who sings it in the name of the song?
Please thank you so much Neil and if it's not too much trouble
Could you please play Canadian songs once in a while?
It's too bad. We don't get to hear that kind of beautiful music down here in the States
Ha ha ha the music on the radio down here is unbearable. Thank you so much Neil and take care. Wow
We don't get to hear beautiful music like oh cannabis to Teresa get some help honey
Maybe she got into a bad batch
Now here we go. This is the one from Bambi
You love this okay. Thank you for the last week of shows
It was probably the best week since I've been a listener the fighting between you and George is what radio is all about
I was in the car with my wife and I mentioned to her that there was an obvious power struggle going on between the two of you
What one point during one of many arguments?
Listen at one point during one of the many arguments you told George is the near Rogers show
Making it clear that you were his boss. He needs to follow orders
At points George seemed tired of you and would just ignore you and mumble under his breath
My wife quickly turned to me during one of the many arguments and come in that this is no power struggle
We're listening to it's a lovers quarrel
She said it sounded like two lovers fighting and that George sounded hurt
I told her no way that George is your type, but she said to me. I know a lover's quarrel when I hear one
Keep it up Neil. I love the fighting between you and George. I'm glued to the radio. Oh
Seriously sad
lovers quarrel. Yeah
Probably our long distance relationship is what that's just strange just not the same since you're in another country
It ain't the same. It's got a strain
Steve and no Jersey says
There's this no this is a different Steve. I'm sorry
Congratulations on your 33rd anniversary. I have no idea how much you're sure as many of us who are loyalist news
You make each work day bearable. I wish I could say the same
George is a gem too the people who tune them out don't know what they're missing. They know what what know what they're missing George
See that guy's right. You're surly
Ah
For those who put so much stock and see in and how can they possibly rely on any station for news that employers rick sanchez
Little own actually allowing him to anchor his own news show. What kind of credibility could see and possibly have none and less than none
There's more truth the news is presented by John daily in Stephen coolbear at least they're humorous
Oh, let me know when that starts. Thanks for all you do you're one million Steve. Thank you Steve
One in a million speaking of rick sanchez. I could play that but I don't want to
six hundred seventy nine votes on the poll. It's Neil's 33rd anniversary show too bad that nobody in the building knew about it
That's your fault. I know
There
You're supposed to go running around saying hey Neil's 33rd anniversary is on hey. I did that. I'm worried you go the bridge tender son
Chimes in oh, there's a picture of fall Harvey when he was young he was still ugly Harvey entered radio with the suggestion of a teacher in
1933 it was the start of a lifelong love affair with broadcasting
Another lifelong love wife angel. He was so smitten with Lynn angel Cooper on their first date. He proposed and now with your indulgence
The rest of the story despite both the court problems in his early 80s which temporarily sideline to his talents the Peabody winner loved working
Peabody remember mr. Peabody sure
The bridge center sun says nobody cares about your anniversary. You've been
You have not been relevant for 30 years
Your show is a horrendous and everyone knows that you've been mailing it in for years
You don't pay any thought put any thought or effort into your show at all your mind is obviously
preoccupied with sitting and waiting
Oh, it's sitting and wasting your life in front of a slot machine or spending your time with a homosexual Mexican boy
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah that would be accurate a homosexual Mexican boy
You have some nerve calling yourself a broadcaster these days kimbabo campary jimi syphilis are more credible in broadcasting than you
It is time to pack it in a retires sir
You're old news and times have passed you by signed the bridge tender's son oh God. That's good
More from the fake Tom Jicke.
On Monday, February 27, 1984, the Tom Lackie Show aired on WNWS in Miami to replace the
show hosted by radio personality Neil Rogers.
And this goes on and on and on.
Alan Bird was assassinated.
Lackie's told Lister's Neil Rogers last name to a Lister's to call in harasses on
the arrival.
Yada yada yada yada.
Oh, this is a totally bogus article by January 85.
Lackie said the top rating evening talk show in the market.
Yeah, he had the top rated show because we were doing the World Series.
We had zeros.
In September 85, Lackie said, abruptly left his WNWS job over concerned about the pending
NWS GPS merger and began broadcasting at Phoenix's KFY.
There was no merger.
There was no pending merger.
He got in the car in the middle of the night after the next book came out after he got bombed
by yours truly and he put his possessions in his car and took off and went to Phoenix.
Never to be seen in South Florida again.
Get your facts right, fake Tom Jicke.
Old, stale, error-filled article from the fake Tommy.
Speaking of the fake Tommy, he sends this even though you don't want to hear about it.
Whatever.
Chances are it's going to be a while till left-tipping West Palm Beach radio talker
Randy Rhodes, who's been off the air for more than two weeks, returns behind a mic.
An assi spiller violent attack by Craze Conservative.
Nope.
Her mouth got the best of her.
Not this time.
Rhodes has been heard here for more than a decade after NWS J&O in 1290.
Told Paige to live.
The three separate lawyers told her she should quit working for syndicator Nova M.
So she walked.
Three separate lawyers said, when in doubt, walk out.
And she did.
Wow.
Well, let me get back to this.
This is a little bit of insight.
And guess what?
Maybe place it with NJ&O.
Sean Hannity.
That should make her listeners really happy.
Oh, he's listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
No.
This is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hour.
Peaked in Lake Worth.
Peta.
Yeah, random.
Peta.
How you doing?
I'm all right, darling.
How you got that manifier?
I got that manified.
Why'd you get fired?
You have a critical.
Oh, it's too bad.
Why does Manny crank call the station?
What is his problem?
Life.
So here's the follow up from Armando Conno's, Ferrin.
OK.
Manny from Accapulco.
He signs it sincerely.
Manny from Accapulco.
You know, Neil, it's not inconceivable to think I was not the only Manny from Kindle and Miami.
The fact is I should listen.
The fact is I should have been your sidekick after the bird.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
He should have been my sidekick after the bird.
There's no question.
Manny from Accapulco.
Right.
Crazy person.
That's him.
That's the same one I was crank calling the goddess.
Crazy person.
Manny from Accapulco.
Manny from Hunger.
Manny from Minotaurus.
That's what I'm getting back to.
Do you think that Brook Daniels and Randy were the same person as possible?
You know, if they didn't look so very different from each other?
I don't think Randy ever did the Waxie build up thing.
Anyway, so she walked three separate lawyers told her to quit Nova M.
There were so many breaches in my contract.
It's not even funny, Roads said when asked if the company's faded to pay for her liable insurance kept her off the air.
I'll probably sue them.
I should have never gone there.
Even if Roads were originated from the JNO studios in West Palm.
It was owned for the past several months by Arizona based indicator Nova M.
The show.
So happens Nova M filed for bankruptcy last Tuesday.
Oh, sure, they're dismantling that company so they don't have to pay me.
And they'll start another one this week, Roads said.
A man who answered the phone in Nova M's headquarters would just say,
Randy Roads is no longer affiliated with this company.
She's somewhere in...
Waaward!
Nova M. Honto's not returning calls.
This is a Josie Lambeet, by the way.
Okay.
Page two.
Well, that's where he writes in the Palm Beach Post.
It's his column.
But a lawsuit filed by a company executive in Phoenix claims that working conditions at Nova
included fights between owners, the husband and wife Shelley and Anita Drobney.
In one instance, according to the lawsuit, a firing by Shelby was reversed on the same day
by the wife.
Until Tuesday, Roads and Anita Drobney were going at it, their respective websites,
but not pointing the finger with the other without explaining what happened.
When asked if her liberal ranting scholar in trouble, Roads said,
you think they know what I did at liberal era America?
Roads moved in over M. After She quit or was canned depending on whom you talked to her
sweet gig at American April 2008.
Her state there wasn't without controversy.
I got my pants on, am I sure it, but oh, too tight.
Two tight.
What, answer the shirt.
No, I got my belt buckle on one notch, too tight.
It's killing me.
Yeah.
I hate the belt that's killing you.
Her state, it's pure America, wasn't without controversy.
Before she was gone, Roads caused an upward for calling then presidential candidate Hillary Clinton a horror.
She also made news in 2007 when she was seriously injured in a fall on a man hat in sidewalk.
Some said she had had one too many.
Others that she was attacked by conservative.
Roads never explained what happened.
Boy, good thing it wasn't a doctor.
What's his name?
Dr. Bond.
Oh, okay.
I remember Bob Mackins fell on the sidewalk in Manhattan.
Sure do.
She worked for GNO before flying the coupe to America.
She wouldn't rule out returning there in the near future, but said she received many calls from prospective employers.
Big stations, small stations, they're all calling Roads said, gas stations.
I don't know how long it'll take, but I'm trying to get back on as soon as possible.
It feels too weird not to be on the U.S. palm.
Oh, for the time being, Roads is being replaced by all people with Fox's conservative mouth shawnt-handedy, right?
Josie Lamby.
By way of the fake Tom Jooker.
Maybe Josie Lamby is the fake Tom Jooker, you think?
Light it.
Maybe Josie Lamby, it's a whole bunch of fake people.
You know, he's probably got some time on his hands.
Writing some horse ball column for the Palm Beach Post.
Okay, back to the 8 million emails.
Oh, and one of the first ones I got.
See, they get to the bottom of the pile.
Should I reverse them?
Should I start reading from the bottom?
Oh, whatever. Talked good.
It's all good.
And by that end of the day.
At a most mock over there in Kitchener Waterloo.
Cheers, needle to you, 33 years and saw a photo.
Too bad, Polly Boy wasn't around to celebrate it with you.
Polly Boy?
Oh, Polly Boy.
I don't see him no more.
Oh, that Polly.
Polly, Polly Harvey.
Who will shoot, stay on ideology for sound ideas and a focus on what works.
I'm also proud to announce that Kathleen will have an excellent partner at the White House in Nancy.
Well, good.
Nancy Reagan's coming back with that little red dress.
Roberts says, Happy 32rd love you, man.
PS George Still sucks hard, really high.
Here's suck hard, says Robert.
And it sounds like he knows.
Jeff says, Neil got happy anniversary from D'Areal.
Those bastards should kiss you, ask 33 times a day.
And congratulations on having the background lead through music changed.
Today I heard Chuck Mangioni instead of Cedacruz.
All right.
All right.
Love you, love to show my queen, Jeff.
Thank you, Jeff.
We got Chuck Mangioni.
Now, what's he doing there on Fidelstay?
I don't know.
Maybe he's a class over artist.
No.
Cross dresser artists like Celia.
Celia Cruz was a guy, by the way.
That's not really.
Thank you, Abe.
Here's Gary from Homestead, says Happy Anniversary, Polly.
Been listening since 1982.
Well, continue until you decide to hang it up.
May you always find good machines, Mon,
and closing if they make a teenage mutant Ninja Turtle movie,
they need to cast Ali Feltching in the starring role.
Our Venus Ains is Gary from Homestead.
Venus Ains.
Aftilakis.
Up your talkers.
Almost 700 votes on the pool.
But that's pretty weak.
I hear on the one across the street, they give like 24,000 votes in half an hour.
And so at least 10 different people.
Steven Jersey says, the bad uncle and perhaps Hitchcock's best shadow of a doubt in 1943.
Was that the name of the movie?
Which one?
We played Uncle Charlie?
Uncle Charlie, yeah.
I don't think I saw that one.
It's pretty good.
He's a murderer.
And it comes back to live with his sister and her daughter and the guy in the middle of the whole family.
To stay there for a while.
And then these feds come looking for him.
And all of a sudden the daughter.
She's the one that starts sniffing around.
Uncle Charlie, it's very corny in it.
But it was good.
Joseph Conn was good.
I like him.
Well good.
He was also in that horrible gas light.
Yeah.
Oh, I passed gas not to light either when I watched it.
Gas heavy.
Michael says, what's the latest scoop on Shadow Love?
And then a shot of love.
I don't know, Mike.
Another shot of love.
And of course, Paris Hilton, that her best girlfriend for the...
Oh, Jesus.
The schmiff that they put on a year.
It's enough to make you scream.
Michael says, happy, happy.
Thank you for the free entertainment you provided to Soundflow to all these years.
Please keep mailing it in from Toronto.
You are the best here in again, happy anniversary.
Thank you, Michael.
Maybe you'll get another shot of love.
Oh.
It makes you know that these are the end times when you see the crap that they put on.
Kenny says, started listening to you when I was 13.
You used to call in from time to time.
He signed his name as Kenny Schmidt.
Do you believe that?
I do.
Not like a regular Schmidt, but you know, our Schmidt.
I often sat in high school with an earphone and a tune in the show.
You played a major role in shaping my sense of humor.
And I thank you for the countless hours of entertainment and insight.
I'm 25 now living Orlando.
I wish I could be there in Toronto and give you a fat kiss on your tuchus.
Thanks, Kenny.
He says, push me in tuchus, something like that.
Mike says, happy 33rd anniversary.
Been listening to you since your South Miami days.
WS News.
All right.
WNWS.
WNews.
When Mike Rosenthal, 323, WNews time.
Well, we had our moments, you know.
And then I talked to Casper and he was going, I'll talk.
That was me.
We went to lunch one day and I said, hey, you know,
we're not doing any numbers during the news segments.
And during the talk segments, we're kicking ass.
We got double digits.
What do you say, Dick?
And he said, sure, let's go for it.
The only bad thing was he originally wanted to hire Sandy Payton.
I said, oh, no, no.
He said, okay.
Anyway, Mike says, I live in sunrise working day.
Do you enjoy kick ass?
Keep up the good work for many, many more years.
Don't pay attention to the other butt heads that talk crap about your show.
They wouldn't know good town if it was rammed up there.
Racko, this is Mike.
Up there, took us.
Oh, here's the healthcare pick. Who is she?
Katherine, it's a big.
Nancy and the Parle and I have worked together in the past.
Oh, she sounds so whiny.
And I look forward to having a-
Then she.
Would you call me?
Whiny.
Here's another, George says.
Neal God, Philly's anniversary, anniversary.
Is that how you say anniversary?
See?
Is that how you say anniversary?
You got it right.
Love your show.
Keep up the amazing job you enjoy doing without the help of the beesleas or joys.
Here's an idea for you.
Since you seem to enjoy playing Wheel of Fortune so much, why don't you buy a machine, man, and start your apartment?
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, maybe I could get one of the old ones, one of the old unscrewed up ones.
Oh, what they did to these machines, man.
With all these sevens in them, all this crap.
Tighter than a witch's ass.
They screwed up my life.
Don't you think I ought to be able to sue them for alienation of machines or something?
Sure, something.
It's screwed up a whole bunch of people's lives because there were some guys that used to play, especially the machine on the right ass end.
Just forever.
And I noticed this weekend they didn't make an appearance.
They probably came by during the week one day and saw these new machines and, oh, geez.
Not for me.
You get like three sevens, three, any mixed sevens and it's ten bucks.
Wow.
Not exciting?
Yep.
Yeah, you can put a Wheel of Fortune machine in your apartment.
It says that way when the machine gets cooled, all you do is feed with cash.
You can get your money back at the end of the day.
You still have the joy of playing the game.
Oh.
Now, I understand it's not the same as being in a casino.
So if you need to feel the casino environment, install two or three machines, and not can send a smelly Asian man
or a spell-cached and human lady to play next year, that would solve the problem.
Just an idea.
Love you guys.
Another Jorge.
Thanks, Jorge.
El Paso.
No machines for me, man.
I'm giving it up.
Not.
I got my shoes.
I'm not my shoes, my pantaloons.
Okay.
So where do you think I'm going?
What bang?
Yeah, I'm driving.
Sun shining.
No more snow, no ice.
Why the hell should I pay that Lebanese guy?
You know, I mean, he's a good guy.
He's a good friend.
Why should I pay a cabbie?
120 bucks around trip when I can drive for gas.
Right.
You know, I got my beautiful car that I washed yesterday, ran it and filled it up with gas, ran it through the car wash.
What excitement?
What excitement my life has turned to.
Do you have no idea?
700 three votes on the poll.
Fatso would be impressed.
Now do you encounter him at all now?
Now that he's doing the stories or not, fight Chris.
No.
Here's one that says I'm having some delicious Jewish rye from the public's deli section for lunch.
Well, that's great.
Who cares?
You care?
No.
Phil Attsman said, I've heard the rest and you're still the best.
I listened for 33 more best Phil.
Thank you Phil.
Phil Attsman is a good guy and the only broad cast person.
That's right.
Phil Attsman.
Who's got his own little adropant on the show.
The only one.
I listen to him every morning almost.
Phil in pompinosis, your recent mention of Rick Stansch's might have made it just recently.
Michael Savage mentioned that CNN had a habit of having clown reporters, but that this particular
reporter is the clear bell to clown them all.
He then proceeded to rip Ricky a new one for some Obama birth certificate for funerary.
I mentioned this in passing.
Happy anniversary again since Phil in pop it all.
Thank you Phil in pop it all again.
And here's Sandy again with another another piece of spam.
Sandy Frazier.
Coxalhoi Sandy.
Hey, you spam a hand for lunch.
You're gonna get some sort of.
Later.
560 Q AM.
Bad.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady, so very slow.
With a baseball cap and a silk cardina.
It's a little old lady, so very slow.
It's an inner wickedly one down.
Shack she's got a mid-conditioned 60-in-cat in that.
Now I can't think of no one who could make me meaner than that little old lady from ILEA.
She crawled and she stole, she's a real one.
She's a terror of howl and there'll be shoulder of art.
She's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady, so very slow.
You're gonna get your open act like you've never seen you.
It's a little old lady, so very slow.
Don't try and blow your own new agitator.
Cause she'll only keep sucking on a respirator.
Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner than that little old lady from ILEA.
She crawled and she stole, she's a real old part.
She's a terror of howl and there'll be shoulder of art.
She's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
It's a little old lady from ILEA.
19 at 560 W.C.
It's our big 33rd anniversary show on the year at ILEA.
33 long fricking years where I have it a big party.
Not? Yeah.
Plus the Adam Oshmuk is back with some deli advice.
He says, apparently this place, Mel's Montreal Deli, is a good 24 hour deli on Blur.
If you're ever in the area of want-ju food, give it a try.
Mel's Montreal Deli, 440 Blur Street West.
Okay.
Let me put that in my pile of places to go with things to do.
Okay? Mel's Montreal Deli.
I sure hope they got no frogs in there.
Oh God.
Juizone eat frog.
Is a frog trache?
You know what's about frogs legs?
That's a good thing.
Jews can eat frogs legs?
They don't have clovenloves.
Ohoves? They're not clovenloves?
Clovenloves?
Or hooves? Or they're not bottom feeders either.
Hey, Rebby.
When he saw Enselm, he says, happy anniversary, Uncle Leo, made today be filled with happy memories of the past and bright hopes for the future.
Enselm from Aventura.
And then it says, hey, George, your Proctologist called. He found your head.
How do you like that?
For a nasty shot.
Welcome.
Huh?
You got something going with Enselm?
Uh-oh.
NFL players boat found off Florida.
To those members of the United States Coast Guard that are bringing him in now.
So some pretty dramatic pictures there of the rescue of one of the four.
So we can assume that in fact he was able to give them some information about what happened, how they ended up in the water, how the boat, uh,
uh, obviously capsized, uh, and hopefully give them some news on what happened to the other three men, including those two NFL football players.
Here.
All right. So you just bring our viewers up the date.
John stay with me. These are live pictures from our affiliate WFLA and it looks like we got exactly what we were looking for.
And that was a shot of Nick Skyler there. One of the boaters that was missing along with three others, including two NFL player.
That was down 240 points are found clinging to that vessel about 38 miles west of Tampa, Florida.
John stay with me. Chad Myers.
You've been also following this story.
The conditions out there.
The temperature of the weather.
The weather also the coast guard.
How did they get out so far?
Why were they out as far as they were?
Well, good question because that's what they wanted to fish for.
If you want to do some in short fishing, you can get you can get red fish and in bone fish down here in the Bay.
You can do a lot of red bone.
If you want to get out there and get reef fish, you have to go away.
You have to get 20, 30 miles into the sand flat.
If you take your, oh my god. How terminal and you think that this reading these emails is boring?
Wow. It is. See what we're talking about red bone on Friday, but I wasn't able to play anything.
Oh no.
I was out there.
So it's over here.
I was like this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sean and point and beach says, I'm going to keep it short and sweet.
Just want to say happy, 30th anniversary.
I haven't listened to you since I was 14.
Thanks, Dad.
The best person I've ever gotten.
And I'm 31.
Well, if that's the best present you ever got, Sean, they must not give you much.
Along for the days of all of all the good stuff.
Thanks for all the good memories.
Keep it up.
And then it says, yeah, keep it up.
You should live so long, Sean.
P.S. since we all know the five-signal signals, five-signal signals, sucks.
Say that 100 times fast.
No, come on.
You do it.
Especially writing a run of my car right now, right around listening to you in my laptop with Internet card.
The sound quality is amazing.
If only I had figured this out long ago, cheers.
Love you, new. Go ahead, drop.
Mash that button a couple of times.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Oh no.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Come on.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Come on.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Oh, you got it on the FG60?
Oh, yeah.
I knew I'd want to play it a lot.
So you can really mash it.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Sean and point in, Beach.
Let's do it to keep him happy.
The FHF rumors have been listed since 1990.
Thanks for all the great entertainment to FHF.
The FHF rumors.
Now in that one case, I'd much rather hear from the fake one
than the real one.
Oh yeah.
Oh, let's do a hockey show.
We'll...
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Yeah.
But nevertheless,
Redlands, Jim and Janet say,
my wife and I really enjoyed your show for the past 10 years.
We love the way George handles the show when you were away.
Well, here's George.
Hey.
As long as the show goes on,
I really don't like all the naysayers,
but I guess most of you stick.
Best for the future is well as the George.
Keep up the pressure,
Redlands, Jim and Janet.
Pressure like Marie would say.
Haven't had a happy anniversary reading
from Maria Barteroomo today,
just because the market's down to 140 points.
I mean, what's the big cynus with that?
That's the typical day on Wall Street.
Let me see how the loony's doing.
I know nobody there cares, but that's okay.
You should only hope that the loony goes way, way down,
because that'll mean much...
Many fewer Canadians coming to South Florida.
Because then they can't afford,
especially them frogs, man.
Cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep.
725 votes on your underwear poll.
Totally that was a good one.
Mm-hmm.
Did I?
You did.
No.
You said it was good.
Yeah.
Well, I haven't sent Eric one for tomorrow yet.
Oil, $40.13 a barrel down,
$4.5 bucks.
That's just fluctuating so much, man.
Up and down.
And then no matter what it does,
the price of gas is going back up.
The rape of the public worldwide continues.
Rape.
I don't...
Oh, the T.S. X is down.
514 points.
Not good.
Not good, baby.
Wow.
Maybe that means the loony went way down.
Took a big dump.
Wouldn't that be great about 75 cents?
They just don't want to show it yet.
They're probably too embarrassed.
Come on.
It's only a four-hour show.
Oil, $40.11 a barrel.
You want to buy a barrel or two?
So how did Shirley do with her $40 bucks she gave you on Friday?
Well, I improved it.
Oh, yeah.
$77.64 and dropping the Canadian loony.
Oh, yeah.
Down to about $0.27.
Sounds good to me.
Oh, happy day.
Just an honor of my anniversary.
Thank you so much, loony people.
Oh, no.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Mun-
Yeah.
Himalayan.
Rape.
D-A-Y.
Yes.
As you see, he has...
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back,
starring a few Catholic priests who like it young
in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know, father.
This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, I want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking.
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy, boy.
It's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one hole
and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it will, Billy.
It will!
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this new sitcom,
you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining,
but there really is something funny going on here.
Oh, there sure is.
And it just goes on and on forever.
And the public says, whoa, I didn't know nothing.
I didn't know nothing.
131 at 560 WQM, we got the big O.
Oh, coming up with two.
Rock solid.
So when's the big schedule change coming?
I don't know.
I bet you have a flute knows something.
Probably.
But he's not telling.
Probably.
You need to get in a little bit tighter with flute.
Okay.
Then maybe any suggestions?
What?
Any suggestions?
Maybe my advantage is money, money, money, or something.
Get him laid something like that?
Yeah, that would be good.
He's got a wife, you know.
I know.
She's very beautiful.
Does she really?
Yes, she is.
What the hell does she marry him for?
I don't know.
Might be something there that doesn't meet the eye.
Doesn't meet the eye.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe it's a one-eyed serpent.
Could be.
Person found clean to vote off Lord of Coast Guard says.
Queer water.
The Coast Guard has found an overture in vote with one person
cleaning to it and waters where authorities have been searching for four missing
voters.
The missing voters include two NFL players.
The Coast Guard said it doesn't know whether the vote is found is the one
who had been searching for.
Now this is this is CNN their website.
Old behind the times, man.
They suck.
They need to be taken out.
Try to get it.
Maybe they already have gotten from Nick Spenner's and be free.
That must have been free.
But the fact that the Coast Guard was found was to find out what they needed to know about how the vote
upended, what happened to the other man?
Where they are.
Oh, they wearing light vest.
Turn around.
Oh, there's this part of Mar-Mar-Cottor, there she is.
And the fact that we saw him talking, Mar-Cottor, who is a guard personnel who were
afraid of escorting him or wheeling him into the hospital is important to say because it means that he was able to.
Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper and NFL free agent Corey Smith who played for the lines of past three seasons.
And returned from fishing trip Saturday and water off clear water.
Better be better, but a bit about rough season.
The high winds that have the Sergest Day continue today.
And it goes on.
Do you care about these NFL players?
No, but so can I.
Oh, but you don't.
I know.
It's a horrible, horrible story still for three families waiting word from the Coast Guard.
No get emotional, Mar.
And these Mark Potter, thank you for that.
Good news for one family Nick Skyler's family to see him being carried off in a stretcher there in Florida.
I don't care more than if there were anybody else.
Oh, but you just don't care about your NFL players, Mr. that's bad.
My NFL players are going to just out of spite just off to Las Vegas.
I'm going to turn on the NFL network.
Okay, I think we're Simon.
I want to see me.
I want to see him with with.
All right.
Oh, my God.
Like I told you this morning before the show, the sports nerds and us.
We live on different planets.
No question.
We exist on a different level of humanity or so humanity.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know what they're there.
They're I just don't get it.
The downed down to a 50 by the way, but who cares about that when we got some missing football players?
That's right.
I'm not saying that their lives are worth any less than anybody else's.
But how about my life?
Is it worth as much as I'm worth as more?
I think you've heard they're not worth more.
Sure they are.
They're going to run fast and jump high and jump high.
Oh, I forgot.
I'm not going to be a fan of you for you.
Right.
Maria Bartiromo came through at a girl at a boy.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Happy anniversary.
I hope you have a wonderful day with you.
Many more successful years regards Maria B.
I think it's the real Maria Maria Maria B.
Not.
Don't you?
Not.
Don't you?
A.
Thousand out.
Two forty nine.
Ma.
Captain Singh chimed in.
Well, thank God for that.
Is there anybody who's conspicuous by the raps in the city who has not emailed us to wish me happy
32th anniversary?
Remember?
No, we just had the fake rumor.
Remember might be the real one.
I'm talking about somebody we would want to hear from.
I'm thinking.
Weird from, um, Mani from Kendall.
I didn't even make a polko.
Johnny Dork twice.
Rick Riley.
Haven't heard from him.
Have I heard from the goddess?
She's probably got a lot of time on her hands now.
Didn't hear from Geltie Geltstein today.
Captain Singh says happy anniversary on Koneer from all of us here at Mindy's News at the corner of 71st and Collins out of my movie.
Also did not get anything from Jolly Jobelle that fat ass loser.
How do you like that?
Clarence takes the time to send me not one but two text messages and Jolly Jobelle.
He don't even send me a Yahoo.
And don't don't go call me after the show because I'll be driving.
I'll be on the Gardener Expressway driving west.
Get my drift.
Are you drifting?
I'll be driving it.
Thanks for 15 years of above average entertainment.
Started listening to you while studying an FIU back in 94.
Can't believe you made it as far as his captain Singh above average entertainment.
And boy, talk about a backhanded compliment.
Isn't it?
I take me.
We don't need to be kissy kissy to all that much but she's.
That's a little lukewarm captain Singh coming from an old pervert like you.
Less says happy anniversary.
I'm only 34 years old but I remember listening to you in the car with my dad back when you were on 70, 90, WN, WS.
I love listening to you in the WIOD glory days.
Remember the glory days?
Yeah.
We had lots of holes in the lineup.
And you know what you do during the glory days.
You're looking for glory holes.
Yeah, spend a lot of time doing that.
You are and for 30.
Let me say it again.
You are and for 33 years have been a breath of fresh air around here.
Less.
Well, thanks less.
Around these parts.
Yeah, I've seen some interesting parts the last 33 years.
Some of them I'd like to see again but probably old and wrinkly by now.
Luis says thank you, Neil, for all these years on the radio.
I've been listening to you since KAT days when my mother would pick me up after school.
I was seven years old.
Also remember your TV show that would come on after midnight.
Thanks again.
He's not talking about the WAMI show.
He's talking about a very short live show on channel 51.
Was it?
Okay.
That sounds right.
Are you familiar with that show?
You've spoken of it before.
It was on like after the late movie.
It was on TV.
It was a scrambled mode.
And you had to be a subscriber to on TV.
So it was very limited number of people who actually seen it.
But it was on after the movie, after the movie would be over and it would on scramble.
And there I was sitting looking into a camera, pontificating, ripping religion.
I just have a Bible in the suit and they hold up the Bible and rip it and ask.
Not literally but figuratively, rip the Bible.
Oh you heathen bastard, you comi son of a bitch.
742 votes on the poll.
The most comfortable type of underwear is boxer briefs 183.
Boxers 165 and briefs 144.
Now the good three-weight battle going on there.
Wow.
I don't think I've ever worn boxer briefs.
Have you?
Yeah, I kind of have all of these I think.
Kitey Whitey's 82.
I don't wear underwear 81 slabs.
WTF64.
Speedo thong like 17.
I don't have a thong.
And joxtra after six.
I have a thong, you want to hear it?
Yes, where does that thing go?
Thong in my heart, what?
I said yes, thing it.
I got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Oh sorry, that was red bone.
Here's one that says where you're still taking calls.
Rick Shaw probably could have gotten through.
Also, would you characterize your gambling habit as an addiction?
No.
And what's it to you?
Oh Mr. Radio, happy turn it turn.
Thanks for your great radio.
Go away.
Don't licky licky.
Don't kissy kissy.
Just go away.
You bug me.
You drive me nuts.
You make me want to just jump out of my skin.
It is a creepy, you know what I mean?
Creepy?
Oh yeah.
Tampa may nose pickers is happy to be turned up and listening
since the bird days and such characters is cockamone lady
and scooter.
I was an avid listener to the blomster.
Now there's no radio intent in the Tampa area.
I must admit my favorite, however, was listening to Larry Loujack
when I lived up there.
He was great.
I just listened to your last cart and reminded me of the kid
learning to play the bags.
The bag pipes my favorite.
Well, hold your breath for that.
Let's play like a little, just a little tiny bit of
a lot of play with this.
Play with that.
Oh, here it is.
Hi there, boys.
That's it.
Well, we're under tremendous restrictions now.
It's the new American way, man.
It's the Joyce F and way.
Tom Zicker writes about the late Bill Cosford.
Subject Bill Cosford.
And there's no, there's no body.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
There's no body of the article.
There's no article.
There's no nothing.
So, try it again, Fag Tommy.
And Sean McLaughlin's got a couple of new polls for us.
Well, thank God for that.
During the break, I better send a new poll to Fat Erick.
Oh, Neil!
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Neil God.
I've got some shine on W-I-N-Z.
When there's a hurricane, Florida, baby, it's still the month of May.
From two to six, I guess you say what can make me feel that way, stand major.
Talking about stand major, stand major.
I've got so much on it that it's being tibbing me.
He checks the purple colors while he's smoking on a stungy.
I guess you say two to six W-I-N-Z stand major.
Talking about stand major, stand major.
Give me a little bit of the hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Yeah, I don't need more to station on my radio.
I've gotten non-sorting locked in, baby, with stand major on my radio.
All together now, everybody.
I guess you say W-I-N-Z two to six W-I-N-Z stand major.
Talking about stand major, stand major.
Oh.
What can make you do?
Oh, stand major, smoke me a cigar, baby.
Talking about make fat one, baby.
That's the J-Mikeles, the anxious J-Mikeles, who destroyed mid-days in W-I-N-Z after I went to Zeta.
Anyway, he's a good guy. He never stole a freight train.
All right.
Remember that's the straight we had the other day?
Oh, yeah.
He had a straight train.
Yoshi Schmenderick says, thanks Neil for all the years of last year the best.
Man, these panthers got me crazy.
They're either getting blown out by teams or blowing them out.
You think they are, what does that say?
I don't know.
PSB says boring.
Please let me know his appearances on the show.
You still got the veteran or you in something else?
Yeah, I still got the veteran, two of them.
Could you please do an extra hour today is, uh, no.
Oh.
Yoshi Schmenderick, well, thanks Yoshi.
I'm not doing an extra hour.
I shouldn't have had the day off on my anniversary.
Right.
Shouldn't I?
You should have.
Oh, I think tomorrow morning I'll go over the vacation dates with you.
Very good.
Unless I decide starting tomorrow I'll take vacation.
Ed says, thanks to the many years of free entertainment.
I've been listening to this since the W-I-N-Z days.
You just keep getting better.
Also, I saw that the field will be your next half-priced meal deal,
which is great since we go there often.
Hope you have many more anniversaries or at least to the end of the contract
if you can put up with the bastards at long.
Have no fear at as long as they keep paying.
We keep paying.
Right?
Amen.
Oh, here's this guy they found in the boat.
I'll stay out eight to ten hours at a time with a much longer range than some of the other aircraft
that we do have and some of the smaller.
He looks like he's ill in a little bit, but then I guess he would be, huh?
Gabriel from River Europe Beach listening on the Internet says,
good afternoon, you'll God, and to you George, long time listener, second time e-mailer.
I love that after 33 years you're still on the ear and it pisses off all the belligerent devils who hate you
and the closet listeners.
I hope many more years of goodwill comes your way and good health.
Well, thanks, Gabriel.
And now you can go blow your horn.
There's no way Gabriel loves to blow this horn.
That's what he does.
Mike says, just want to wish you a happy anniversary.
The show on Friday inspired me to head to Gulf City on Saturday and a great time in the dollar draft
you're really working this economy.
Nice going, Mike.
Hope he plunges guts out.
I hope he won a zillion.
Nice job by me on Friday, by the way, with that 11-hours-cut to Sormo.
What a great ride.
Right.
Broke came flying out of the gate, settled in their fifth, let the front runners puke each other's guts out,
and then circled them in as he came to the top of this red you could see.
Couldn't you see he was going to win jog?
Easy?
There weren't you watching the race.
I didn't have a good view of it.
Well, I mean, it's up there on the TV.
Yeah.
But you know, it's like...
Well, that's what I was watching on the TV.
Yeah, but yours TV's a little bit closer than the one I was looking at.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
The one I was watching was like on the other side of the TV.
Oh, it's Roger Houston at the Meadows.
The Meadows miles more this February at the Meadows.
Well, this man needs to be put in a rubber room.
Roger Houston.
But then again.
David says...
Yesterday, David Samson was the assistant coach for the Globetrotter game,
was introduced as the president of the Miami Dolphins.
He even got fouled.
He played Godfilder and missed his two shots, and then it says...
Oh, hey!
Yeah, David Samson, he got a barista at birth for being David Samson.
Oh, it's minus 10 in sunny, but it's really toasty.
Chester Copperpod says...
This is Jason, one of our chronic Jason's.
Yes.
Chester Copperpod.
I don't know.
Oh.
Sorry to hear about QM's lack of recognition for you on your 33rd anniversary.
Happy 33rd from Dade.
It's obvious why Georgia's sounding so discredally.
He hates all the email reading.
I have to agree that fake emails have become terminal when you were on your suicidal
Myspace phase.
This was bad, but this phase has gotten worse.
If you two want to save your relationship, you must talk, come up with some sort of compromise.
Oh, if we want to save our relations...
I didn't know we had one.
We had one.
We had one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Just kick his ass in the shape, that's all.
It literally.
Go away to minus eight today.
Well, that's pretty toasty, I think.
Phil says a very heartfelt happy anniversary.
Very glad to see that you are still going after my prolonged hyena.
What?
Very glad to have found that you are still going after my prolonged hyena is from Northern Cuba.
How did George, I'm dying over here, Phil.
Phil doesn't say where he is.
He said Northern Cuba.
No, no, he says after my prolonged hyena.
Oh, oh, I see.
Maybe he's back.
I don't know.
Here's one from the fake Phil Henry.
Happy 33rd anniversary meal.
It's all water under the bridge.
You believe that's from the real Phil Henry?
No.
No chance.
You do?
No.
No.
You don't believe any of them.
If you sent me one and I read it and you say that's not from me.
That's right.
It's from the fake Jorge.
See.
Adam and Ford Lauderdale.
And by the way, I'll save some of these for tomorrow.
About five thousand of them.
Oh, not again.
Not again.
Sure.
In fact, keep them coming.
Let's goose up that pile.
Eighteen and four Lauderdale says, think the reason there's no one in our QM office
because they're out planning a parade in your honor.
You think that one of the newspapers in town read an article about this momentous occasion,
but they did not.
Maybe there are news captors and entire WSVN staff.
Rick Sanchez and all in the parking lot waiting for you to come out for an interview.
Well, you got a long wait for me.
Hopefully this will spur the minute of action.
There'll be a report on the news tonight about your once in a lifetime accomplishment.
Please play one of the Mickey Eisner bits for me.
I love the one where Mickey has chained to the bed with cocaine.
Sprinkle all over the place.
Too bad we're out of time.
Oh, Neil.
Neil, I think.
Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go.
Thank you, Neil Rogers.
It's Steve.
It's Steve.
I am the town.
Recto, Rectom.
Oh!
At five, six, oh.
What is it?
Recto.
Go ahead.
After years, the failed attempted mergers with cable news channels.
Disney-owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24-hour news channel.
Here's what it may sound like.
Good evening.
This is Emmaus reporting from Orlando.
Our top story this evening.
Nine people were injured when they fell off the...
Nope.
And there could be something else.
In other news, 4,000 people.
What experienced explosive diarrhea in vomiting while disembarking the...
Oop!
Better go over to Sparks!
Here's Gupi.
Gars-Wik?
I've got Muffly.
Why too?
Okay then.
Good job there, Rayman.
Let's check the National Weather Picture.
Standing by in the ABC Weather Center.
Here is Uncle Riness.
Ha-ha!
Back together, boss.
Do the weather, do the weather.
How will you make a case of boss?
I don't want to do any weather, Donald Dancer.
Get enough work, ass!
You know what I'm saying?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We don't have time.
We interrupt this weather report to take you live to Iraq.
And special correspondent Donald Duck.
Donald's cutting to hear me.
I can't understand you, Donald.
I think we're having some problems with the satellite.
Can you be more clear?
Um, I'm not getting it, Donald.
No, no, no, no.
Don't have your-
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh!
What the fuck is going on, Rayman?
I can't understand a word he's saying.
Anyway, you're more weatherballs.
Go ahead, hurry up.
There's a storm coming on Orlando.
It looks like the weekend is shot.
The Waking Them Shot?
That's what I said, bo!
We'll have more news after this.
Bye, bye, bye.
