We are out at time, it's 10 o'clock, Neil Rogers is coming up next.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and
for that man Hessell back, he's got a live spot, baby.
All right.
The biggest names, the best talent.
Anybody out there you've got a live spot, this one you want us to go to.
Yes, I'm the O. Q. M.
I've searched for it.
WQ AM.
I AM A for the other day.
No, George, today.
4.6.
Like sports radio 560 Q. A. M. brings you special coverage.
What is that?
I have no idea.
We're not from Tampa, Florida, we're not doing no special coverage.
Screw that.
Screw it.
Please here are no George for this.
For some reason, the A. B. Air is inspiring.
The one?
The A. B. Air is not fireings off of the call and engineer.
Oh boy, here we go.
Technical problems we haven't even said hello yet.
Guys, you get a lot of things.
From Tampa, from the Super Bowl.
That's one conventional radio.
You A. B. Air.
George is home sick today or playing sick.
He's out.
Oh, fat ass roe, he please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big go home and eat your whole homes.
Till you explode.
Just like your fat fat churned in ladies.
Have you buy two seats on a plane?
Spend in your fingers that have yellow stained from key jones.
Can't see your jones.
Faster, thinky-boone-oats.
Grounds of the fat disgusting and tasty oil.
You make the sugar-diffin smile.
They like a downed, sped and sassy.
Think smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grappa.
After it was occupied by head pass.
Ner'nita, you want to get into your car.
Cussure to M. Y.
I can't squeal, I can't squeal, I can't squeal.
Fat lady, it's living with your lover less mean.
Slivering and starting the tree between her knees.
Fatty old yeast.
Most fishing to me.
That her number tune that's moist and tasty.
Fatty old yeast.
The edited version of a fat ass rosy.
From chicken neck this week.
He had to edit out GD.
Can you believe that?
Yes.
Yeah, you can, because you know you've been around the,
you've been around the, a lot a couple of times.
Three is for this today, because George is home pretending to be sick.
Oh, everybody in the house is sick.
He's been saying that all week, so we knew it was just a matter of time
before he would, you know, use that as an excuse.
Here's the first email of the day.
I mean, not the first in my pile, I've got a bunch of them.
Hey, at some point during the 12 o'clock hour,
you had a pig on the microphone.
Oops, I'm sorry.
That was not a pig that was kneeling into the microphone.
How professional.
For shame, kneel, at least learn to chew.
Screw you.
Not even a fake name on this one.
Just, just another.
Bah, bah, bah.
It's supposed to be funny is what it is.
And if you have no sense of humor, then don't waste your time listening to this.
You're going to have a show, okay?
If you're going to take everything like uptight, oh, it's a unprofessional.
They're eating on their screw you.
Not as unprofessional as these dumb jocks that are like
whoring all the media now during Super Bowl week.
We had Matt Hasselback on the Joe Roe show this morning
who had absolutely nothing to say, provided no insight whatsoever,
was inarticulate at best and terminally worse,
but he had a live spot at the end of the interview.
When Joe kind of led him into that live spot,
I just, I almost slid off this chair.
He would have felt it down there.
I couldn't believe it.
Matt Hasselback is the guest and he's doing a live spot
for some vitamin thing or some, somebody like that.
Now, how does that work?
Though all those guys are getting pimped to be out there
at the Super Bowl doing live spots.
So if they come on as a guest, they have to do like a live spot
for whoever's pain on to be out there.
And what do we get from it?
We get Matt Hasselback on the air with them.
Oh, God almighty.
Well, now we're talking.
And tomorrow we got Drew Rosenstein and Alex Marviz back again.
Oh, I'm going to kill myself right under here today.
I mean, George is out.
How can we possibly, even with Flea here,
how can we possibly make it through four hours without George
correcting us on everything we say?
That was just a little shot for him taking off today.
And here's an email from John.
Holy Schmidt, why is George so inadequate?
When you were talking about Dr. Pepper,
you were asking who makes it and all that.
George should have been googling that information for you.
This is the difference between a good producer and a bad one.
George should be on top of things, but it's not George's fault.
Neil, you are to blame.
You're too easy on George.
You need to get on his ass.
No thanks.
I don't want to do that.
He also has a condescending way of talking down to the audience
like when he was explaining elevators.
Oh, he has such a pseudo-electrical that says,
please, George, you're not an expert in elevators,
so stop with your whole year-than-now attitude
as you explain things to us.
How do you like that?
Sudo-electrical, George.
Condescending, talking down to the audience.
Well, George does know a lot of crap.
I mean, useless crap, but he's like a walking encyclopedia of crap.
Yep.
Have you discovered that?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, elevators.
You had the average schmuck on the street.
You'd say, well, what's the deal with an elevator?
Explain to me the ins and the outs and the ups and the downs and the floors
and how far apart they are.
And they would look at you like, are you crazy or what?
Do you have a thing with elevators?
Do you have any problem with them?
Because I don't.
No, I'm good with elevators.
I mean, I still, once in a while, have this thing about when the elevator opens up.
And in the back of my mind is this thing, I'm going to take a step out
and I'm going to be stepping into space.
The elevator isn't going to be at a floor.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
I mean, it's not like a phobia.
I'm not nervous about elevators.
I use them as it in times every day.
It's just something that once in a while pops into the back of my mind.
Like, oh, gee, I hope I'm stepping out of terra firmer, as opposed to like in a black hole.
But then again, we have 617 votes on the pool.
And of course, leave it to Charlie B to phrase the pool.
I don't know.
I just want to kill some people.
It's what I want to do.
Wouldn't you like to have a free day?
One day in your lifetime, if you just go out and kill anybody you want, that'd be awesome.
Oh, God.
What I wouldn't give to do that.
I mean, Charlie B.
The day I was up 93 points, by the way.
Anybody here?
Anybody still invested in that crap?
No.
Put some lipstick on this peg.
It's the new economy.
You're not the only one right.
What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the air?
See, the last part there, if I allowed it on the air, if I didn't want to allow it on the air, I wouldn't have done the pool, Charlie.
I mean, that's just stupid.
The implication being that, oh, well, Neil's not going to allow any criticism on the air.
I'd say a good half of the emails may be more than that that I read on the air are like ripping and tearing, because those are the ones that generally are entertaining.
What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the air?
No complaints, 286.
Almost half the audience have no complaints.
And in South Florida, that's quite an accomplishment.
That's shocking.
George 76 of those who list a complaint, George is number one.
So that'll teach him to be out sick today.
The repeating stream archive commercial 64, let me say it again.
We can't do anything about it.
I don't know.
I don't want anyone to hear about it again.
Not enough calls 61.
Too bad.
Neil's not in Miami 40.
Too bad.
All of it snowing like the end of the world here.
We're going to have like 10 inches of snow by the end of the day.
It is snowing like hell.
No wood buying today.
Save me some money.
Good.
Neil's mailing it in 35.
Well, you know the cost of postage, man.
It's going up all the time.
Too many fake emails, 27.
Eating on a year is 15 like that email.
Real on professional.
Neil for shame.
Yeah, shame on you.
Too much slot talk 15, which is interesting because we almost never talk about that.
And too much food talk.
Five.
I don't think there's such a thing as too much food talk.
I agree.
Because the audience eats it up so to speak.
Oh, Tracy and Kendall says what a pull idea.
The best live performance you've ever seen.
I think we've done that.
Tracy with another one.
And it's the same thing all over again.
Well, thanks Tracy.
Once would have been sufficient.
Have a nice day.
Thank you so much.
Why do people do that?
Why do they send things more than once?
Are you eating?
No, of course not.
Oh, it sounded like you were talking with the food in your mouth.
Have something in your mouth.
Absolutely not.
Oh, don't start like George now.
In fact, tomorrow is Thursday.
We've got E. Corcini coming and I'm sure George will be back on Thursday for free lunch.
Oh, for sure.
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah, then he'll probably be out sick again on Friday.
He'll have a relapse.
Oh, no, he can't be because Friday.
Is he going to be a Gulf Stream this Friday?
No.
No?
No, I don't think so.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm positive.
He's not there this Friday.
No.
Well, like I said, then it'll probably be out sick again Friday.
All the way.
Do have the handicapping thing.
How come we don't have like a liner?
An ongoing promo about the pick the pony contest?
Oh, we do.
That runs outside of your show.
Oh.
Well, why would we want to run it outside of the show when it's primarily for the people who listen to this show?
Maybe there's some people that listen outside of your show that don't listen to the show yet.
Maybe.
Oh, you've been hanging around with Joe Bell too long.
I mean, that's just that is a shocker.
Yeah, it's possible.
There might be one or two.
And then the people who you're talking about, they're not going to listen to the show.
This is another sports show.
They want to hear Matt Hasselback doing live spots for some hoax-pocus stuff.
Yes.
So in other words, all these jocks have got like their own sponsor and they're going around hawking some sponsor on all their interviews.
Exactly.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, what a whore business.
And here we thought prostitution was illegal.
I mean, I've always said this is a whore business.
But now we've taken it to a brand new level.
God.
A whore business.
And the fleece, as we can talk about the fact the station is moving down the street.
It's not a big secret.
It's not a secret as far as I know.
It sounds like a cost-cutting measure to me.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, sure.
Let's cut this and let's cut that.
Let's cut the crap as well.
And I say, you better get ahold of your buddy, Jolly Jo, and sit him down and have a hard-tired talk.
Look him in the eye and say, don't you understand what is going on here?
You idiot.
You fool. You moron.
You jackass.
That's what you ought to say right off the bat for starters.
Okay.
And then after he says, you're fired after that.
See if he'll give you like a personal loan.
Does he have a lot of money?
I would imagine he's doing okay.
No, but I mean, is he like a wealthy guy like Greg Reader?
Is he like more in the slipper class?
He lives a very modest life, so maybe he has a lot of money in the bank.
Oh, in other words, he's cheap.
The fleece says that Joe Bell is cheap.
I like to use the word 50.
Yeah, tight as a snare drum.
So it's a good thing I looked at my emails this morning because I'm sitting here around, oh, I don't know, 8.15.
I mean, they're about.
And I come across one from Lee.
It says, I'm not sure if George contacted you, but he's out sick today.
No, he did not contact me.
He did not contact me.
It's a damn good thing you sent this to me.
Otherwise, I'd have been sitting here until 9.25.
I'm wondering where the hell is George and what's going on?
I would have been calling him to and probably waking him up out of a deep slumber where he shacked up in some
free bag hotel with some hooker somewhere with some slut.
See, he blames on everybody else in the house being sick.
But I think it's his decadent lifestyle with all the drugs and all the hookers, the cheap flusies.
I think the Lord is punishing George.
He'll cut.
Is what it is.
But he'll be back one of these days.
And I hope he's back tomorrow and not only just because the free food is coming in, but because he's winning the poll.
Other than no complaints, which that's nice.
45.6% of the audience have got no complaints.
Of course, that's not counting that people who are already long gone.
Right.
Is there some way we could put on there too much joys?
I think we can do that.
Too much censorship.
Do it censorship.
Can you put that on there? Are you capable of doing that?
I can do that.
I can do it right now.
All around guy.
It's good to have an all around guy like this.
All of the last all around guy we got was Miguel.
Miguel, let's go bar.
He got canned and went across this street because he was like, oh, look at this.
Jimmy Cifalus says, your horse ball station is going down the drain.
You were destined for James Crystal Radio.
This guy coming from this coming from a guy who's got a three share and it's not even of course really him, but nevertheless.
News radio 610 is the highest rated AM station in the market.
You can spread all the false rumors you want, but the format is staying put.
Liberal talk isn't getting any numbers.
This is why cheap channels considering flipping 940 back to Fox Sports.
This move of a water down already saturated format in the market.
Your numbers will continue to fall till their fractions.
Oh, thanks Jimmy.
Jimmy's not also a ratings expert.
Here's one that says George is not sick.
He's trapped in the elevator somewhere.
Maybe he's getting the shaft.
Oh, here's another poll.
You never put this one up.
How much credit card that you have?
That's a good full ID.
You like that?
Oh, I like that one a lot.
Surely says I tried to give George a winning ticket.
The Gulf Stream handicraft were also picked the same horse.
Yeah, but you know what, Shirley?
This horse didn't win.
See?
We appreciate you're giving George the ticket.
By the way, he'll be back out there February 20th.
February 20th?
Well, that's a long ways away.
Yeah.
Well, of course, he's got to save up some money to gamble in between now and then.
You call that a format?
Water rusting and with private money.
But I was in the sky above.
Now I'm in a submarine.
Water's cold, freezing my toes.
A bag of blue diamond nuts is floating by my nose.
Oh, you don't need the hooks you might could see.
A rocket broke before this piece in a bucket of concrete.
That'd be for me.
I can take this over one more way.
Thanks to a drop of steel 50s.
That's even the water rush.
10,18 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Here's a mama B's complaint.
It says my complaint is that your show is not as jui as it used to be when you used to eat all that Jew food.
Oh, that's because number one, I'm not down there and number two week.
Don't eat.
We can't get food on here because your buddy Joe Bell is a hard ass and idiot.
Is that his goal is to make the that that's what I think his goal in life is to make all the people around him as miserable as possible.
Because he does things that are inexplicable.
I mean that whole thing about not having people bring free food in any of that.
That's one of the very few perks of working in this business.
And anybody that's ever been in the business for more than five minutes knows that.
Surely flea knows that.
Oh, yeah.
Free food, baby.
That's where it's at.
In addition to which even if I were down there, most of the Jew food places like the Villa deli long gone.
They used to bring us food.
See, I would be was the that was the place.
I mean Zeta, I did pretty good on free food.
And the even I and Z and WNWS I think I don't remember if we could eat on the year back then.
But I would be we ate on the year like pigs and I and Z in the morning early.
We had a place that used to make his cheeseburgers at 815 in the morning.
Really good cheeseburgers.
I feel where the hell was.
I remember when I used to listen to you in Tampa.
I used to be eating all the time.
Yeah.
In Tampa?
When you're on SUN.
Oh, God.
Well, I was in a good mood this morning too.
And Sputta lose my ass yesterday.
And Sputta all the snow.
But Tampa.
So you were in Tampa at that time?
Yes.
Doing what?
I was working at 98 rock in Tampa.
Doing what?
Started doing nights.
I did mornings for like two years.
Now were you a Lasseter listener?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My protege.
No.
Oh, what a shame about him.
Every time I start thinking about my diabetes and losing my feet and my eyes and kidneys
and croaking early.
I start thinking about blobbo.
And I'm thinking about that blog.
Did you ever read any of the blogs, the entries that he wrote?
No.
I don't like blogs.
I don't either.
I started one under my space thing and I wrote one or two entries and I thought
What do I need to have a blog for when I got four hours to BS on the air every day?
What do I need to blog for right I just I don't get that
Like Tom jikkin now there's a guy a little Tommy's got a blog at the Sun Central and I don't know why because he writes a column there
Yeah, but nobody needs newspaper anymore
I understand that but nobody certainly nobody reads his blog
Can you imagine going online to read the time jikka blog no
Have I great but he writes he writes stuff in there that he doesn't have the balls to write in the regular column
You know like you know what I mean right like opinions Greg Cody to it never read his blog Greg Kotex. Yeah, he's horrible
Well, yeah, that's why he's across the street
He's just another one of the shills you do understand that there's this sports fraternity all these it's just it's sick
It's like a sickness and they just all keep showing up like up here
It's the same thing all these talking heads they appear on all the different channels the same people the same 10 people
Bill waters and Nick hip-reos was a who was a horrible hockey player by the way the Leafs are the worst hockey team in history
Panthers nice one last night over the flyers three to two
And the Leafs lost him in a soda six to one they are they're an abortion. I might be huh my lightning one yesterday
You're lightning they're that's rare
They're careful they started to pick it up a little bit lately
I'll want to tell you one thing about the Leafs there ain't nobody like Luke Shen. Oh my god. Hey Luke
Maybe Luke will come over for lunch today
You think no there he goes again step with that factory with a fag tuck well
You got to have something if you can't win any games you got at least have somebody on the team looks good, you know
He's a hell of a player
Luke Shen you know him you don't know you're hockey at all mister you don't know squad
No, well that's that's because unfortunately nobody out there cares
I wonder I saw a little bit of the game last night the Panther game
But it was kind of hard to tell what the crowd was like whether it was like packed or whether it was it should have been for the flyers
And it was a pretty good game from what I saw yeah, gold guilty was all
Don't go picking out guilty again. He's a great talent and you just need to take him under did you hear that thing we had yesterday about guilty?
No, I did not oh what an email that was
About how if we had any class we would take him under our wing and teach him oh
No
The celebrity columnist who created the New York Post-Gossip he paid six died in his Manhattan home James Brady was 80 that's old enough
His he worked until his death on Monday cause of his death hasn't been announced his last column
Well up here February 15th featuring actor Kevin Bacon
How do you like that never I never heard the guy but we certainly all know paid six right even the glam know about paid six
Here's a question hey do you change the kind of tires on your car in the winter no?
I do not and I don't drive in the snow so that should answer your question
Do I change the kind of tires the one I mean that's one of the biggest games you know all weather tires and winter tires and all of the chains
It's a scam
I mean like on a day like today am I gonna drive today have to be a lunatic I'd have to be a crazy person
I should be committed if I would drive on a day like this with ten inches of snow falling
Vuggsy says Neil you seem very uncomfortable when you say a hole and really want to say the whole phrase I would humbly suggest
Goldies goch sound bite and then you ever ever really say for example you goch all oh god
Here's another guy tell me how to do the show
I'm not the least bit uncomfortable saying a holy god 666 votes 666 on the pull right now
And six already you just added on there six already say too much joy is too much censorship is there from plain
Although George is still leading the way with 79 votes. Why do they hate George so much? I don't know
Because he's kind of sending a little bit because he talks about things that nobody cares about like roller skating and
Sign language maybe a little I
Don't know what it is maybe we'll take a separate poll on that someday when George is here of course not when he's out for telling to be sick
Did he sound sick to you? Did you speak to him or did you send you a message? It was just text oh I didn't even get that
I mean like yesterday. I got a text a running late. You know he'll send me text messages running late
Whatever had to go back home had to do a doose had to do something
But today on the days when he's out sick he tells everybody else in the world but not me I
Think he fears the response, you know like I know you're faking it
I
Mean I wasn't thinking that that day when I couldn't talk when I had that bad cold three four weeks ago
Whatever was and I was like oh
Scratchy and couldn't speak and I went to woodbind and what's wrong with that?
Well, he's taking these airborne which is crap to begin with and I just noticed on the bottle it expired 109
Maybe that made him sick
So it just expired this month. So what's the big deal with that? I don't know I've taken medication to the spur two three years ago
Wow, yeah, you really buy into that you really believe that crap
Come on flea boy
Smart Jewish guy like you and you're believing crap, but that's just a pedal more stuff. That's lucky. That's like having
uh
That jerk on we had this more in Hasselbach
Pretending he's on to talk about the Super Bowl. He's on to pedal some crap. That's all he's on to make a buck
Aren't these guys getting paid enough these dumb jokes without coming on and hooring our radio station and driving the audience away
Distraining what little we got left my god man Hasselbach my ass
Oh like naked guys
Oh
Well happily good morning Mickey Mouse's office. This is Gupi speaking good morning goofy. Oh boy
It's Walt Disney's president CEO Robert Eiger. Yeah, I know who you are sir. Why do you say your title every time you call?
Do I you do oh?
Can I talk to the boss please hold?
Hello
Here
Sir I know no no sir it's Bob Iger
Hello, I can't hear you
Sir it's a bomb bomb from a content no sir the presidency of the company oh
You're so lucky on the south side sir I'm calling for myself. Oh, I just said that. Why me?
Where are you? You don't want vacation right?
Vacation again
Work how many weeks vacation do you get I thought we cut everybody back to two weeks?
No, so that was a accidental corporation. Oh, yeah, that's right. They screwed their radio people pretty good
That's right. How many weeks do you get well my contract says I get 18 weeks
18 weeks
That's a whole lot of that's
Gold sir don't you get 18 weeks?
I go where I want to go when I want to go but I don't call the occasion cuz I'm always working
The real boys turning
Where are you?
Willow and I are skiing and asking
Willow and I are skiing and I
Want to turn that makes you sound like yeah big bro hard-tired
I'm sorry, so I'm not sure if it's my cell phone, but it's better like you called me a turd a blow hard
Third it's not gonna fine you can hear me well sir. How are you doing this morning?
I'm not doing well, I sure it's Iger sir and why is that because I just reviewed your compensation package from last
Year you know what we paid you yes, I do sir and you don't feel bad
51.1 million dollars that's more than the G&T about
So I love your political shoe
Well, sir I did turn down the 2.4 million dollar shareholder bonus well
2.4 how's that?
I want to get back some of that vacation time
I can't see you wait you got ten more weeks than Mickey works all over me
This is a surround
It'll just start right now, I see
Iger sir
I don't know if you're still doing
You sound like startling John
What?
That grungy half a whew that used to be on with Stern
Oh, come on get your watch to come off
Okay, why can't we do more movies like poor black mo cop?
That's brilliant sir you may find that movie for weeks
I did not you decide you're not sir you may find it not sir you did not you may say that's cinematic
Billions it's a cop in a mall without a gun played by fat Kevin James
Why can't we do more things like that sir?
Are you only saying that because they had an opening weekend of over 30 million dollars 33.8 million dollars?
That's not even as much as you
Hey, hey, hey, yeah, yeah, apologize
Apologize to the people the people of the world apologize
But take it so much money apologize do it do it do it
I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize for being a big blowhard dirt
Say it I apologize for being a big blowhard dirt
Say it I'm waiting I apologize
No
For being a blowhard turd
Big blowhard turd forgot big I apologize for being a big blowhard turd
Say hello to Royale hey, does she still have that spot on her right by?
I didn't know about that
Okay, 1036 and QAMC those people hate the Mickey bits they keep coming up with new ones now just to aggravate them
I thought that was kind of cute. I like the Mickey bit. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, see flea likes the Mickey bit
So that you know it's good enough for flea. It's good enough for you guys
Here's the pull results so far six hundred eighty two votes
What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the air? I mean what what does that last part mean Charlie V?
You simple didn't you
No complaints three hundred five George 79
George up to 80 now. He just got another one
George is out sick today by the way if you just sit in there dying where is George we're gonna draw his out sick
He's not pretending to be sick. He did just call me though and he did sound sick
Did he yeah, what did he call you for make sure everything was okay?
What does that mean just want to make sure everything was alright? I guess yeah, we're surviving somehow George. We're getting it done
The repeating stream archive commercial 69 not enough calls 63
Neal's not an Miami 48 Neal's mailing it in 36 too many fake e-mailers 28 like the fake Jimmy Cifilis we heard from before
Too much slot talk 16. What about the quarter? Slot guy
Eating on a year 15 too much censorship too much joyous 14 and too much food talk only six
Wait to hear this story
Well, you're not gonna be all that it's just pathetic
Lawyers agreed Christian high school case would apply to California private schools schools can expel students who seem gay appeals court rules
A California appeals court ruled yesterday that a Christian high school can expel students perceived to be lesbians
I'm holding a 2008 lower court ruling that there were no
triable elements to the case
The fourth district court of appeals and Riverside on Monday upheld California Lutheran high schools right as a private religious
Organization to exclude students based on sexual orientation the ruling was really released late yesterday
The two 16 year old girl sued the school for expeling them on the basis of a bond of intimacy characteristic of a lesbian
Relationship under a California discrimination law. They were a little bit too tight so to speak
It's almost as like a we could roll the clock back 20 or 30 years of progress who made this area
Kirk Hanson the girls are trained till the LA times basically this decision gives private schools the license to discriminate no
While the court called its own decision narrow lawyers on both sides of the case said it would likely shield protect
It would likely shield protect private schools whatever that means beyond simply the Christian school in lawsuit from anti-discrimination suits
A California appeals court ruled that the I see the fourth district court of appeals and Riverside Monday upheld California Lutheran schools right as a private
Religious organization to exclude the students
John McCay attorney for California Lutherans has the schools goal is to educate based on Christian principles which doesn't include being a couple of dikes
Couple of lezzies
Couple of bull bikes
Is now what religions all about anyway is like hatred and discrimination and bigotry and killing people seems to be right so there you go
What's wrong with that makes sense to me if it's based on religious principles
Where's the one about Brandon?
Yeah, we got a hate a hate email about Brandon. I'll get to that after the break and also an email from Brandon
So they're go it's Brandon this and Brandon that who the hell's brother?
Oh, some of you people manage just how would you like to have to live with some of these people? No, thanks. Oh my god
Rob says winter tires are an excellent alternative to all season radials
Softer compounds made by superior rubber companies make ice driving easy
You should ask some of your hockey boys who live in the North says Robin Clarkson, Michigan
Well, Rob I hate to break the news to you. I don't have any hockey boys
Although maybe Luke Shen will show up here this afternoon for a gay old time
But I'm not I'm not you have any idea how much the car the tires cost on the vet
Those big gigantic wide tires the ones that never go flat. I mean they won't go flat. You can drive like 500 miles on a flat
You know the tires I'm talking about the good years. Yes
Well, they're the cost of fortune
So I could only imagine what winter tires would cost for a Corvette if they even make such a thing
I don't know. I'm sure some some mayven in the audience will let me know. I'm not gonna do that
Like on a day like today. I'm if I were gonna risk my life
I'd call my cad guy my lesbianies cad guy and he would drive me and even he I'm sure wouldn't want to go out there today
When there's snow and ice and black ice on the road man forget it stay home
Go to the Chinese no speaking English market and buy a few of goodies some junk food and stay inside and watch TV all day
And a good idea sounds good to me or listen to that I could come in here listen all the great sports shows on
What president George W. Bush is thinking right now George better hurryer will miss the inauguration
George man. I love lucky charge. They really are magically delicious
I bet I could get you at leprechaun if you wouldn't hide in a cave in Pakistan
Oh
That's it wow
God what a short bit how long was that one moment please 21 seconds
Can you believe that no not really oh
Well anyway it killed 21 seconds 1046 a QM
Let's take a look at the rest of the schedule for a Wednesday
We got the big O with the Super Bowl the big O with his one-one cheer. He's really rock solid
In fact the fleet was saying before to show today that he's killing Mandage the big O
Is that what you were saying something like that?
Mad dog at the Super Bowl 4 to 7 of course we had a
Succession of a lead-ins for Mandage that our unsatisfactory that have no numbers at all
We had that and then we had that and then we had come at you and now we got the rock solid this
Mandates at the Super Bowl 4 to 7
And then we got Dolphin tonight at the Super Bowl from a seven-a-way that won't help
That show is beyond help and then 8 to 11 it's the D. A show which also flee was saying
His horrible lead in and being on at night with no signal those two things contribute to having a
Point at 9 o'clock
How is it possible look at the hours and see that there's nobody listening that hour?
I don't know the doesn't your good friend Joe Bell doesn't he like raises eyebrows and like a fart a little bit when he when he sees that I would hope so
I mean, you know you have all these
Conversations with him you and he are like tight as a drum
What is his comment about that it's the signal oh
Here's one about Joe Rose. It said why didn't Joe at ask Matt Hassel back why his bubble headed wife is such a
Bible-thumping crazy person huh?
I probably would have been outside the parameters of the sports ash-looking fraternity. They just don't do that to each other
They're on there like to kiss kissy kissy kissy and get the live spots on baby get the spot on there Matt
I still can't believe that I mean I know I've heard other guy like Rosenhaus. He's got his own spot, right?
yes
And who else who of the other people we have
Chronically on the year destroying the audience who else brings in a spot I
Can't think of any others the rescue paid
The rest get paid like Kurt Herbstreet
Kurt your street gets paid to be on the year absolutely by us. I would think so by this radio station
It's firing people left and right that's making cutbacks and it's moving down the street
So we can all be in the same building to cut back costs I
Think Marino comes with spots. Oh
Yeah, Marino
I think Joe actually goes over to the house and services Danny boy that though those you do understand how tight those two are have been for years
They still take showers together Wow and not just after the game either
Here's one ripping George and ass
Little teach you to be out sick today George
Putting aside the fact that George is a boring. I'm always right snob who is probably gay
No, he's not and believe me has no reason to be a snob about anything
You always say other people should not be on here because they don't have a good voice
Well, George's voice is terrible for radio
He almost has a magical power to put people to sleep in seconds with just a sound of his voice
Well, that's something we have a lot of insomnia out there a lot of old parts who can't sleep
Boy look at the snowman it is just oh
Nicely and of course the Northeast the US thankfully we're not getting the ice the mix you know
But in the Northeast and even in the South like Arkansas
They're getting the snow and rain mix freezing rain. Oh boy. You ever drive on that?
No, I have not if ever driven on a black ice where you think it's just a dry road and all of a sudden
Oh gee, I'm like sliding a little all over the road. No
Don't do it
I didn't see anything about the tires for my snow tires for the Corvette
All these people. Oh you ought to do this. I don't see anything about it. I'm looking on there. I see nothing about it
Oh
Here's here's one of the dumbest things I ever read good morning
I heard on Fox that palen is switching to become a Democrat. You think she and Hillary will run in four years together. Oh, yeah
She's switching to become a human being
Sarah
But I'm sure that the people at NBC at SNL would love to have her back
The ratings were never higher
Time and Madison, Wisconsin says you pee and moan about Tampa. He doesn't say pee, but I can't I can't say the word that you put on the air
That's right. You'll get suspended you peen. I will not
No, no, and in this context I could actually use it, but I'm not I'm not gonna do it
You pee and moan about Tampa, but I discovered you won WSU N
Well, what does that have to do with anything?
Every year I spend two weeks on C.S. to key sitting on the beach and watching spring training games those with the days
Being for Madison, Wisconsin, Twix and Florida is great after all the cold and snow when I discovered you on the internet
I was ecstatic. I listen all day every day at work makes the day go by quick
Thanks for being on the net Tom Arn, Wisconsin who doesn't and Madison
He doesn't even have any complaints about the the streaming spots on there that repeat over. He's just happy to hear the show
Well, see there's one good reason to be honest you went is that this guy discovered the show
And by the way, they do make snow tires for a Corvette
Did you Google it? Yeah, winter 240 Perreilles
Yeah, how much are they? It doesn't say it, but I'm sure they're expensive
Yeah, the ones I got on there now just a regular tires are like $350 400 bucks a piece
So I would imagine winter tires cost and and it's already the end of January
You got February and then you got maybe March all depending on the groundhog, you know and then it's back to a regular dry
tires
And what do you do with tires? Well, what do you do with them when you get winter tires?
I have no idea. What do you do with your regular tires? Do they store them for you at the tire place?
I mean, what do you do with them?
You sure don't have room for them in the trunk and of course the Corvette doesn't have any trunk anyway
So what the hell am I going to do with them? Or am I going to stick them back home? Yeah, I'm sure
Nick says enough with the elevators, please
Think your recent onslaught of negative emails inspired me to write in so here it goes
Oh sure keep writing negative crap. That's fine with us
Makes it very entertaining
I
Tune into your show at the beginning of today's show meaning yesterday and you were going on and on about some guy named Brandon
And his nightmares about elevators and his fear of elevators and Brandon this and Brandon that
elevators this elevators that
For a second, I looked at the dollar make sure this was 560
I wouldn't have known it was the near Roger show. I if I hadn't recognized your voice
What is this who is Brandon? Why why should I care about his dreams?
Why should I care about some random listener no more Brandon enough get out of my life Brandon get out of my life
And the near Roger show
After that I just shut off the radio and thought to myself how the mighty have fallen. I couldn't believe this was the near Roger show
Oh, yeah
Oh, and speaking of nightmares. I had a nightmare today
I dreamt that I tuned into 560 and instead of the near Roger show
They were airing dream talk with Neil and George
Please no more dream analyzing it said well that was the topic was on the pole. Okay you idiot real idiot
And Brandon is one of our longtime regular listeners and contributors and he doesn't he doesn't send chronic complaints like this
Ba
Ba he contributes to the show which is what the emails are for
Not oh if I can't call in where do I register my complaints?
This isn't complaint line. Okay. That's not the name of this freaking show complaint line
Which is what most of you idiots want to do
So we gave you the poll today to register your complaints
No more dream analyzing it was a one-day topic. Okay
God and here's one from Brandon now
He says now that you brought him up you have to play blah blah a classic. Okay. I'll play a blah. Bell
It's called blah. Bell get a right Brandon and who the hell are you Brandon Brandon this and Brandon that
How about when I mention Mama B? He emails 85 times today. What's wrong with that and contributes some good stuff usually now Jimmy Dorsky on their head? Oh
Don't take it personally Jimmy if you're still listening but good God
Here's a boba's fire reports still saying he's great everything is about him and bitch
This bag that and dropping Hulk Hogan's name like you dropped your pants to take a choice
I guess that's his main topic as Hulcogan. Yes, there, buddy. See. Yeah Hulcogan is his boring. Is dog d Texas man
You ever see that reality show that he's on?
Hogan has best.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, it's terrible.
Oh my God, is that a horrendous show?
Well, they're all horrendous.
And by the way, those tires would cost you $335 each.
Yeah, there you go.
That's US.
Yes.
So about 400 bucks Canadian each.
1600 bucks for tires that I'm going to use for a month
and a half.
I don't think so, and I'm not going to be using them that much anyway.
See, I pick and choose my spots.
I drive on the days like, let's see, was it yesterday?
See that's what I had.
No, yesterday I took my cabby.
The day before and the day before that.
Monday and Sunday.
I drove.
Sunday morning Monday night.
And that's because the roads were nice and dry and it was not a lot of traffic or early
Sunday morning and Monday evening.
This town's like a ghost town now anyway.
Because everybody's out of work.
It's an oppression baby.
Everybody's getting canned.
Oh, brother, or they're in Halendale.
No, you see you're confused again.
Those are the French Canadians.
They're not from Toronto.
They're from Montreal and Quebec.
You don't understand.
Don't be blaming those people on us.
Okay, sorry.
Those are the freaking frogs.
A slime of the earth.
The subhuman slime balls.
God.
See, I can't believe that a guy like you is that unaware that you lump in all Canadians
with a French Canadians.
Do you know how insulting that is?
My bad, I apologize.
10.56 a.m. fleas with us because Georgia is pretending to be out sick today.
Georgia will be back tomorrow because we have great free food coming in.
And Joe Bell won't let him get to free food the other days of the week.
I bet you Georgia's really PO now that Wayne Arles is open again and Wayne is offered
to bring in all the free food that George wants.
Like he used to back in the day.
We used to get all kinds of food all the time.
I can hear you fine.
What is that?
That is Joe Rose.
Joe Rose doing interview on his since bleeding on the air.
Yeah, I better go tell those guys.
Yeah, you better tell those guys to shut the pot or do something.
Oh my God.
I don't know Danny.
Who's that?
Danny, if it doesn't make dollars, it doesn't make sense.
Hey, all right.
Here we go.
We're ready to go.
Three, two, one.
Three, two, one.
I wonder if he's going to like drop a couple of F bombs in here.
Three is all of kill it.
Oh, thank you so much.
Joe Rose is turning into another jerks.
Remember that?
Come on, Jack.
Jerks used to do that all the time.
And he was always dropping F bombs.
Yeah, that's not good.
No.
1057, a QM we apologize for whatever.
Who was that goofball he was interviewing?
Somebody in Tampa.
I don't know.
Somebody illiterate.
Hey, tomorrow is no ordinary night.
It's one for the record books.
It's the night when your Florida Panthers, on least their own brand,
of take no prisoners in your face, hockey.
Panthers in a playoff spot right now.
After the three to win over the flyers last night?
They're doing it.
It's hockey night.
Tomorrow night on this night, the Rufel Rock at the Bank of Atlantic Center.
Thursday night, January 29th.
Tomorrow the Panthers take on speaking of frogs, the Montreal Canadians.
They Abitons.
This is the Neorodger show.
You're fairly.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
Look, she's not working out.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Let me go.
Where are you on pack up?
And the thing is, you're gone too.
That doesn't take you.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, okay, okay, we're going to new guys.
Please.
Thank you.
Layed off magazine.
Yeah, that's not working either.
What?
I'm sorry.
We're going to have to let you go.
Oh, thanks.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W.K.
I mean, that was Joe Rose interviewing.
channel!
channel!
Yes.
It's just enough to make you weak.
You know, only the strong survive and, I must be-
I must have an inner strength.
somewhere hidden maybe in my back don't know where it is but boy how the hell do you
survive this fraternity of idiots and goofballs and illiterates and just
retards how's that possible that we've survived it I don't know I know you've
tried your best to tell jolly joe bell that this format is dead and especially
when 940 flips over to sports oh my god we're gonna have like 600 all sports
stations in the market sports talk and of course the after the super bowl this
weekend what's gonna happen then that wall of football comes crumbling down
because there ain't any more for months and months and months and months
yeah but we have the combine we have the draft no yeah the combine will be
sent of the big oh the combine rock solid he takes his calipers and he
measures the the athletes goods the junk is that what he goes for to measure
their stuff I think so John and Ford Lauderdale says not that it's important
but it's the other hassle back football player that's married to Elizabeth not
the ones your rose head on this more not mad there's another hassle back yeah
there's brothers no so the other one is married to a crazy Bible thumping
bitch I don't know and I don't care all I know is the one I heard this morning was
terminal terminal not he was no channel no I'll tell you that Roy says now this
is a real shot now that George isn't here today they're taking cheap shots at
him I'm not you know I don't have to read them I could like just to lead them
but that's no fun you know let's see how the poll is coming before we read this
one 725 vote what would your critique be if Neil loud it to go on the year if
Neil allowed it to go on the year Charlie be your an idiot no complaints 309 42.6
percent have no complaints George 83 the repeating stream archive commercial 73
not enough call 68 too bad Neil's not a Miami 51 even too badder too much
censorship too much joy 38 see we started with that without that one on
there it's climbing up on the on the ladder
Neil's mailing it in 37 too many fake e-mailers 29 too much slot talk 16
eating on the year 15 and too much food talk 6 you can't have too much food talk
no way I hope they bring in that totally need tomorrow why are you gonna be
in there a goblin I hope so we become real popular the rest of the building
hates us like poison Monday Tuesday Wednesday and Friday and especially on the
weekend but Thursday were very movie papalade because then the free food comes in
they all come oh hi George how are you oh it's going good to see yeah where's the
free food even clearance comes in and steals free food on Thursday that Nick
and when you're gonna take his job already I don't want it the hell you don't that's
not what I'm hearing I'm hearing you've got your knives sharpened up and you're
ready to stab him where the moon don't shine right in the back when you take on the job
I'd stab him in the front anyway I'm not taking a job I don't want it too many headaches
and not a big deal with the premium donnis like what what does he have to do besides
make a schedule which he can't even do right anyway had George on Monday on the schedule
yeah I noticed that and apparently manages at the senior bull he had done this
schedule to instead of super bowl he's got the senior bowl today no he's at the
super bowl but it had senior ball on there oh the senior balls over with already isn't
it yes I don't think there are we had the the north south game the senior
bowl the junior bowl the sophomore bowl the toilet bowl I don't think there are
any more college bowl games are there I think that's done that's it it's over you got
the purple after the super bowl and then that's the wall of football just vanishes that
protective wall that Joe layered around QA and his wall of football I mean I mean is he
really that stupid you know I'm pretty well is he that dumb I don't think he's done
though why is he doing what he's doing spite maybe Roy says George is a good example of
white trailer trash worst part time always sick from drugs wife doesn't work wants things
free like a car and lives in a worst part of Hollywood Joe B should lay him off to save
money but I forgot he is your ass kisser right that's why he's got his job because he's
my ass kisser right I mean the number of times that he agrees with me on anything is so
miniscule you could put in a thimble and have room for Joe Bell's ass left over that's
how rarely he and I agree on anything but he's my ass kisser at a boy Joe or Roy whoever
the hell I was chronic chuck and Chicago says don't bother putting snow tires on the
fat keep it in the garage 350 bucks a pop F that I agree screw that that would that would
be a fourteen hundred bucks on that would be a pretty interesting afternoon it would
be a good one maybe I'll call my cab guy and see if he wants to drive in this he would
go ballistic he go nuts what do you think sure I mean he's a good driver but poor he gets
a little bit panicking and it's not see he's like me I'm not concerned in other words it's
not a fear of driving in almost any kind of condition it's a fear of the other people
out there on the road the crazy people like the one that then you killed me Saturday morning
when I was making my you turned to go get my car washed oh brother came within a foot
of just destroying and ending my life flying out of nowhere anyway Chuck says even with snow
tires with as much power as the vet has and being rear wheel drive I think it will still
be a pain in the extra drive in the winter time right be slipping and sliding and dying I
drive in the nasty snow here in Chicago Chuck says I have an all wheel drive truck that
has traction control basically the car is smart enough to know when tires are slipping and
stop sending power to that wheel it's pretty darn easy to drive out these quadro system and Mercedes
Formatica are similar I think that was Shannon Sharf that was just interviewing and sounded like his
jive talking Chuck says yeah I had several emails verifying it was Shannon Shannon it's a fraternity
of ass kisses is what it is it's really really gay and supposed to be macho man huh they're all
on gildies like Walter Cronkite he's like Westbrook van Voorhees compared to Shannon
Sean says this is the Paul Sean even you know Paul Sean right um-hmm Sean on Hollywood
dear Uncle Neil sorry I'm a day behind but come on ripping me because my pull about bands with
chicks include the individual acts like offerl and pad penitar picky picky now it's not picky
picky it's like you know if you're gonna send poles in and put the right crap on there
oh here's a here's a text message from zoom bealy somebody what you need to know about spyware
part one it's not it's not selling for agro cialis that's very unusual anyway uh Sean goes on to say
sorry okay here it is what's your favorite musical act with chicks you happy
yeah that's not I'm not at all the same you said what's your favorite band I found a way to get
hours of last while you search for movies to download go online wire or frost wire search for
anything I mean really really tap into what anything it loads of the results one of the first
results I got when I searched for anything was revolting anal something sex the word is chopped
off thank god when I searched for the excesses I got painful dry anal penetration a search for
maltees falcon yielded crack or raped by ruthless white dudes it's fun for the whole family says
Sean then he says here's a couple of movies for you now give the first one a chance sometimes you
think you won't like something because of who's in it remember Leo was in the department that was
pretty good speaking of which when Kim Boca walk by Galsmino the George cranked up the volume right
when said you said hey Kimba you ferry it echoed throughout the breezeway almost almost smooth
stuff mine on alcoholic beer all over the something nice to me that was funny wasn't yeah even
Kimbo laughed did he yeah well that's that's quite an accomplishment out of a wooden subhuman like him
he's another he he is american to say here's the two flex recommended by Sean one Michael Clayton
even George Clooney couldn't screw up a good story and disturbingly good acting by something in
the Sydney Pollock and somebody Wilkerson who Wilkerson you don't know also check out the
third miracle Ed Harris is a priest who investigates possible miracles attributed to a woman being
nominated for a sainthood the flashback to the last sandy shot down contains some seriously dark
stuff to Sean okay thanks Sean seriously dark and Ed Harris is a good actor too he is he's very good
he was in a glingerie glen Ross with me I believe so no was he I think he was yeah get the
chalk yeah he did get the chalk with me on the channel and more jack lemon too bad he's dead he's still
had a lot of good movies left in him he was great he was awesome anybody done like jack lemon doesn't
like movies well there's Ali felching on CNN with the he's got the vest on today she's really looking
really macho today hey Ali unclear as to Ali I'm gonna win this one but this is not we haven't done
this before oh god I bet you've done it before here's one from my friend Monty hey baby you probably
didn't catch it last night since the mere mention of her name seems to make your blood boil but
Rachel Maddo interviewed Rod Blago she grilled his ass good and was reminiscent of Mike Wallace
back in his heyday with 60 minutes MSNBC would be wise to lock her into a lucrative long term
contract before the boys at CBS steal her away I still can't understand what your problem is with
her anyway I don't like her okay I think she's weak on here very very weak she's a watered down
Keith Oberman she's a wannabe I don't like her anyway the past few weeks your shows have been great
as well no one can talk up burgers slots and harness drivers like the old master shine on you crazy
diamond your friend Monty yeah by the way umor comrades is high
you big harness racing guy me yeah no well why not I know nothing about it you would know sandy
fisher from her old Fisher nope that's a good pull question by the way can't ask my smacho sandy
fisher or her old Fisher probably it's after 11 at 560 WDQ I am well I'm getting choked up
because George isn't here today please do it his best but there's big shoes to fill right
absolutely even though George is leading me but that that's just you know people take
a cheap shot that's all you're doing on the pole give him an opportunity to take a cheap shot
and there they are I'm son of a bitch
from the hot ball MSNBC I'm Chris Mathews I gotta be honest with you I feel like a little fluffy
white cat and he was just forgiven a warm ball of milk I feel like a completely different
person since we have a new president Barack Obama it's just like I know Joe ghost whisperer
with Jennifer loves you and the place like me the Melinda Gordon which he looks at Sam she sees
a dead husband Jim's face because when he died he jumped in the same spot and tried to parallel
because when people look at me they see me Chris Mathews from high ball MSNBC but when I look in the
mirror I see a little girl the pink rapper my hair and pig tails looking at Lally Piper like a
two-fifths and conference I feel like Rose from tonne a half man you know Charlie Stalker girlfriend
I'm probably in love with a man who doesn't know him alive but it matters not people say to me hey Chris
what about the fact that the doubt plans to its lowest level on inauguration day history so what
people say to me hey Chris how can we possibly create four million new jobs under the Obama administration
I say he can he's a candy man he can take a rainbow rapping in the side so get in the sun and make it
grubby lemon pie I feel like a cherry pop type that's been big golden brown the perfection in the
coaster oven and he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed I feel like Angelina
jolly's underpants it's a new day Sam McRapy economy wars horrible real estate market endless
despair and divisiveness but now we have a president who can take tomorrow dip it in a dream
separate the sorrow and collect a ball of cream Obama can Obama can he's a candy man I'm Chris
with the Obama can he's a candy man
those are great anybody doesn't like those Chris Matthews bits I have one thing to say to you
okay okay okay you don't like him no I love him they're actually really good no you don't
know I can tell by that I can tell by the pregnant pause you don't have to kiss my ass okay
now I made those bits go right ahead and say it push up a little bit I actually do like am I
watching a facts come through that's whether it's a pause no and what did the same thing no
another suggestion for your poll too much one-sided politics oh I see call up Russian tell him
about that okay call up a billow and tell him about that too much one-sided politics that's why
it's the near-order show it's for my opinions okay it's for what I think and what I care about
and where I am where my and that's where it's all about too much one-sided like I'm gonna
I'm gonna put a bunch of right wing idiots on here like you guys don't have enough airtime all
over the world already God what a miracle at Obama won with all the right wing of idiots controlling
all the proper ganda with Fox fake news 24-7 spewing propaganda for trailer trash God
with their fair and balanced I thought yeah unfair and unbalanced and a nice job on that
radio show too no wonder billow had to quit the radio show with his point oh oh that James
crystal radio man they have got a neck boy I've actually Joe Bell once worked for them because they
sure know about numbers that start with a oh that's the area of expertise that's a normal
chance good buddies the people with James crystal radio I wonder don't they also own the 640
or is that cheap channel I guess that's James crystal they got 640 and 850 and all these other
marginal stations that you put them together and they still got that's that that's quite an
accomplishment when you can put four numbers together and they still add up to oh that's great
oh he's moist as I agree Rachel's another Keith Oberman with bigger testicles one Keith is
enough that's correct Oberman's great at what he does it's very entertaining he's also one-sided
which I like because he's on the side that I'm on and he does some really great stuff and she is
like a water down you know it's that same mentality is like um uh who wants to be a millionaire
oh it was a real big head on Thursday let's put it on 10 nights a week and look how well that worked out
over saturation baby over exposed that's that whole deal and she doesn't do it well
she does it poorly in my estimate I don't like her but there's some of you people oh you got
to like her because she did this and she did that and she gave bloggo what for a good I'm real happy
that that would that would that would be quite an accomplishment making him look like an idiot
that would be like making Sarah look like a moron which I guess made Katie Kurek a great journalist right
not Andrew says love the show has always been listening to you since I was a little kid my father
used to listen to you with KAT used to make him angry as hell I thought that was cool
been following all these years on the Zetas and IODs and Les Glamrs WQAM2 you were with me in spirit when
I sat in my car outside the hospital waiting for my mom to die you were with me when I was nervous
at least sitting with my wife when she was in labor you've been there through it all and I appreciate
the countless hours of entertainment you've provided over the years this is an ask kissing email thank
God we got one I mean you know I don't want ask kissing emails but one is okay right sure
in the midst of all this other George would remember me well he would but he's not here today is
out sick I'm the guy that started a Neil fan page back in the early days of the internet when you
were on IOD George helped me out with a lot with content and things I finally had to take the page
because of all the a-holes writing to me to complain you don't have any real audio there's no
Java etc all these crazy complaints heck I was just doing a little fan site my spirit time stupid
idiotic jerks anyway w.w.w.w.d had given the show an internet presence by then so he didn't need
me anymore anyway by the way George is probably doing icy vong hits today go George
oddly enough I too be located to Toronto last October my wife was born and raised in Richmond Hill
and I'm living here the life of suds coolman can't tell you how much I appreciate being able to
still hear you in George on the net he's in Richmond Hill up north a my little slice of home
so to speak the show is as great as ever despite the naysayers you'll probably get mad about
this dumb question but why doesn't some station in Toronto pick you up are you cereal so many people
here living floor to two already know and love you plus I think the show would play well here no
it would not I would say crap the first time right away off the air with him they're very the CTRC
makes the FCC look like a bunch of crazy liberals wow oh yeah as you know there's no competition for
daytime talk here to be great if I could hear the show my car well just kiss the around that you
can hear it on the internet speaking of which Toronto winners room cars the Corvette here I think not
I sold my sports car and bought jeep for this weather anyway take care of Neil and don't
blow it all it would bind but do them all on church meaning church tree which is uh no gay yeah
much love Andrew thanks Andrew there you go in Richmond Hill I don't think I ever been that far
in north it's way up up there maybe I'll get my vet today and drive on the attendance as a snow
we're getting see my vet stays mostly in the gay rise in the wintertime covered garage
are you following me or you just that's a good place for it no I'm here oh I just thought there
was so much silence there I thought maybe you left what happened to the Mercedes did you get that
it's downstairs okay Mercedes Pontiac I don't you don't understand I can't keep going around
borrowing people's cars all the time you just don't get it so what do you like better the vet
are the Mercedes the vet I've been driving Corvettes for 22 years and you're asking me if there's
some other car like better I don't like Mercedes I don't feel comfortable in it's like you
first of all you can't see I mean it doesn't have bad sight lines it has no sight lines you can't see
the fenders when you're driving so you have no idea whether you're like on the in other words
you look at the lines in the road and you can't tell where the car is in relationship to the line
like if you're on top of it uh you know I mean yes you can't tell where you are in relationship to
the other cars to the lines on the road or anything there's no sight lines you can't see the
fenders what kind of a car is that I mean it's a snazzy you know and it rides great on the like
snow and ice and stuff but my god I like to be able to see where the hell I'm going the vet is
perfect well it's pretty small car for a big fat guy like you I fit in there just fine
WCBS channel 2kv in New York is cutting two members of its sports teams including
douche douchey Rogers he used to be in the Miami douche douchey Rogers douche
douche us what kind of a name is that douche us now I'm going to go take a douche douche
doucheous rogers this nation station sports director main sports anchor channel 2 in New York is
cutting it out that's what we ought to do is cut some of the sports people like most of them
don't you think sure see the audience thinks that you're just saying that to kiss up but it's true
you do believe that little bit too many stations talking the same crap okay there's only one
super bowl game and quite frankly I don't I don't like either team I hate to stealers like poison
and to me the cardinals are so overrated they're like they're they're they're a joke overrated yeah
see you're just agreeing again in addition to which what's his name is a born again Matt Warner
he's a born again fanatic Kurt Warner yeah what I call him Matt and I'm thinking of Matt what's
the name that plays the other quarterback Hasselback from from USC no not Hasselback the hot looking
kid from USC a liner Matt liner now there's a kid that could play on my team let me tell you him
and Luke's Jen are coming over this afternoon
the faster with the squeeze of lotion super bowl on Sunday might just really be a
troll just oh don't say that not on your sports station man your sports incense and jacke
sniffing station 1131 I just got one of the most amazing emails in history really it says I
remember when you drove a Camaro in the snow as a Kalamazoo I just found you on the net Roger Taylor
now that may not mean anything to you or anybody listening Roger Taylor worked for me at WTPS
in Kalamazoo back in 68 and 69 wow how do you like that I was the PD and then I was the general manager
the chief cook and bottle washer the chief drive to Hazel Park and win some money a guy fat Roger
Taylor I bet he's still fat how do you like that that's crazy shocking it says enter the way back
machine man that I wonder if it's a good machine good hair from your Roger I guess you know what
I had it a Gulf Stream I thought was weird to have an eBay machine have you seen those
yeah you would tell me about that that's strange no in fact the guy in the PR guy was telling us
about the eBay machine and he also said he got some new wheel of fortunes in oh yeah oh yeah what
they expanded the whole slot area downstairs which George normally was good well how come
George is such a worse he wouldn't play any slots when he was on the other day come on George
butch up a little bit got it's making a big bucks like he is here's one that says if I were you I
wouldn't drive a vet in the snow just to get avoid just to avoid getting road salt over it's his
Batman Batman and the in the email address on this is diluted maggot at so and so how do you like
a diluted maggot not so diluted I don't think anybody calls himself Batman might be a little
like that yeah yeah that's true and of course I run it through the right across the street from
wood by a there's a gas station with a car wash and I run it through the car wash and boy by the
time I get the only problem with that is if you drive it on a slushy day by the time you get it
home it looks like you never washed it at all because it's about a 25 30 minute drive but the salt
will of course the salt's not going to affect it just looks bad but it's not going to affect the
vet much because it's not metal it's fiberglass right good thick and deal thank you isn't that correct
that is correct but boy what a mess it looked like after oh driving through the snow and slush
it's enough to make you want to cry give out of your shrime food borers here with us today always
says the effort a few times makes him feel better he says these a holes complaining about George
are the first ones to call him when he's doing the show to tell him what a great job he's doing
F all soft-floated phony starting with me he says have a happy I hate soft-floating I'm dying
psfff well I feel better now says poor poor
potty mouth are kind of guy
Joe says sucks when you give the option of no complaints on your pool because these losers that
don't want to offend you take the easy route out and bail on the pool that's a bunch of crap
maybe there are a lot of people out there who enjoy see this this Joe guy this idiot assumes
that everybody's got some complaint stop giving them this option no I'm not going to stop I'll do
whatever the hell I want to do in addition to which I didn't make the pool anyway well there are
not a mess anyway how would they be scared yeah the purpose of the policy of some reaction from them
people who have no complaints are just as interesting as watching paint dry Jesus Christ says Joe
maybe Jesus voted a few times on the pool how do you know Joe hey Joe you blow don't you know
Joe judge says how are we supposed to slip George drugs with the suit hanging around
meaning at Gulf Stream by the way anyone who thinks George's pseudo intellectual needs it only
to go to Gulf Stream and watch him try to juggle his balls during the commercial break ps I hate
Jimmy syphilis good for you Joe wow I'm gonna sneeze come on
false alarm uh maybe here we go let's kill an hour that way building up a sneeze
that can be the next poll when will Neil actually sneeze oh god PR Ralph and Brandon
PR Ralph you you're you're killing me just putting stuff on there just garbage caca
Brandon says Brandon this and Brandon that remember that email I was good
if nobody's listening to DA and he's on the air for maybe three four hours what the hell does he
talk about I mean you can only talk about sports for about five ten minutes tops how many times
you can really say the super bowl is on Sunday I've never listened to him so I I could say how he
kills time but it was the same with any K one day I was listening to him for about five minutes
it must have been close to midnight it sounded like he was reading the crossword puzzle from the
newspaper well that's what that was the charm of the eddy case show you never knew when he was
going to read those crossword puzzles it's like me reading bedtime stories well they sure screwed him
big time well what was the what was the reason for that didn't Joe like any K I'm not really I know
he's Jewish that happened like when I first got here so I don't know and Hank I think they were
just tired of Hank falling asleep during his show with falling asleep during his show which really
happened what that actually happened he fell asleep during the show mid sentence he fell asleep for
about 30 seconds and Johnny coped by the wake him up now the great thing is such a pro that he'd
popped up said to time and outcute perfectly so you're giving him a big shot and then you're trying
to like take it back you you you punch with with one hand and then you like pat on the head with
the other one well he could be an old pro old underlying the word old well he party too much too I
think hanging out at the the cheetah party too much so he was sleepy during the show the Humper
I think you mean eight too much when you get your blood sugar up above like six seven hundred it
started you know you start nodding off speaking to Roger Taylor from Kalamazoo that was a fat guy a fat
young guy maybe he lost all that the poundage over the years I doubted because when you're fat when
you're young take it from me you're fat all your life because the Lord works in mysterious ways
they'll go make no mistake about it that doesn't give Chris my toop fat Chris yeah you hear that email
he sent me yesterday yeah I did kissing and making up and he's gonna be doing the bedtime
stories and on the side in March and courtes as an idiot and yada yada you like that you know stuff we
already know and about how he can't stand working that but you know it's better than being on the
street midnight till 5 a.m. or 6 whenever the hell he's done how's that show going to 5 to 6 with
Jesse Agler Jesse's really good Jesse is good why why the hell they got him buried between why don't
he put him on from 2 to 4 I don't know how much he could get a number in there from 2 to 4 as opposed
to these other stiff they keep sticking there you know who think that they're like that maybe he
should be to play by play for the hurricanes is he gonna what was he gonna did you just drop a
little bomb on us no but he's good enough to well his penis face getting candor what that's that
was the rumor not I haven't heard that Zagak he's getting blown out no way and the definite rumor
that Jimmy Cifalitic is getting blown out with it often games is that true that'd be nice but no
I haven't heard that you haven't heard it no certainly well deserved I'll tell you that oh and he
gives the ball to number 83 and what was he going and what's he doing oh my god Jimmy you are so bad
so he is the epitome of what the jacquist he's all about that Kosella warned the world about
just like when ice now warned the world about the military industrial complex howard Kosella
100 years ago warned everybody about the jacque accuracy and how they were destroying
the fine art of sportscasting and they've done they haven't just destroyed it they've butchered it
channel channel right on channel so when we're gonna hear that penetrating interview with
channel tomorrow in the Joe Rochelle I would imagine that'll be oh I'm gonna be sure miss that
me
me
me
me
one time leader and king of the world George W. Bush no longer surrounded by a loyal staff of
sycophants is now on his own and on the beach with his daughter
hey
um
what's that over there over there over there's the water
what what
what
what
and look at all this stuff I'm standing on yeah
I'm
it's soft and gritty on my feet
what's it called it's called sand and everywhere
yeah wow everywhere you look
haha
how do they make this stuff it's made up of little tiny pieces of rock rock
teeny little pieces of rocks how about that well don't that be at all
what does it feel when you touch this end is it warm yeah um it's it's warm and like yeah um
uh
but it keeps slipping through my fingers it's hard to hold in your hand isn't it
yeah is this water water uh uh uh can't be water you told me it was shame
very good this is sand
shabby sponge
no it's not good it's sand we don't eat sand
oh
okay eleven forty five a q a m here's the Arthur says you'll be happy to learn
that lyric King had most of his investments were Bernie made off and
let me trust you out yeah he says
yeah well already knew that didn't you know that yes we heard that old news
but nevertheless thanks Arthur we are happy to hear it
let's pay back his abit you know what I mean uh-huh
so Roger Taylor from my Kalamazoo day sends me a picture you're not that fat Roger
and he's sitting in front of a microphone still fat still happy the only left
wing or wkc or retired only work part time good to hear you Roger Taylor how do
you like that the only depressing part of this is he's an old man now let's see
69 that we're talking 40 years ago 40 years ago so he's got to be Dan Nierzel
design an old fart oh god isn't that depressing when you see somebody a picture
of somebody who haven't seen it like 30 40 years yeah and they look old
balding god scary scary Roger and of course that makes me feel that much older
you know what I mean the only left winger at wk 0 I'm sure they got a lot of
good Nazis on up there in Kalamazoo maybe they can get the kids at western
riding again like they were back during Vietnam they take over the
they would take over the whole university
building building burger holder if you don't stop asking me this you're gonna you're
just driving me he says Neil you're driving me crazy are you saying would vine or would
vine can I speak can I articulate would vine with a B B B B B B B B is in bitch best
outdoor like that as in bushman are you saying would vine oh bill god how is it possible
there are so many stupid people out there not sure
John and Lake Worth says I'm kind of envious of the heavy snowfall you're having
today oh well we'll ship some down for you John I enjoyed it when I was a student at
SUNY Brockport first off I love the Mickey Bits and the Chris Matthews bits maybe you can
play the first one go ahead go ahead I do have a suggestion for your pull problems I don't
have any pull problems John since you've had every pull imaginable and at times
have had the same ones over again you have them maybe once a week yeah we can do like
footy that worked our real well for him even even free is making guttable sounds about that
that's it was horrible the what his show is horrible footy yeah how's he doing oh that's
ready he's forgot fired where can you find the best burger and town you have to pull on for
like three weeks you know the problem some of your listeners have with commercials on the
replay shows depends on which browser they're using if I listen to it on my laptop of
explorer you cannot fast forward through the commercials if you listen with Firefox you can fast
forward the windows media players different between Firefox and Explorer hope all is well into
you no matter what the weather is up there it's still a Schmidt load better than the weather down here
love you John and Lake Worth not today it is snowing up a storm baby it is nasty no Corvette no
other car no no cabbie do a woodbine I may enjoy going there but I'm not not that crazy I'm crazy
but not that crazy Mike says I'm soiled myself listening to the George W. W. S.A. you just
played makes listening to the incessant PSA's online over and over worth here that bit okay good
I'm glad to hear Mike couldn't couldn't help but do the thing about the incessant PSA's on the
internet nothing we can do about it okay it's just what it is actually I've been working on that
have you yes and what do you what did you I thought you're not I don't want to be the PD
well I don't but I don't believe by the way it's trying to take over Clevver's job we hope that
he succeeds I just don't want people going crazy because it was horrible so I'm starting to
slowly fix it how are you doing that by adding new elements so they don't hear the same PSA's
in the one promo that paid four thousand times in a couple of months good so it's getting better
well I don't know and I thought you were also going to be a room the sports leader you did a
pretty good job on that for about two days and then they all came back yeah yeah what still
trying to work on that too have you heard from your good friend Dick Purtin from Detroit says the
fake Larry King no I have not not in years still on the year he's still doing great he's a great talent
oh Brandon finally a bit about those damn spots on the stream see anyways I always like how Corvette's
look but being six one and about two hundred pounds I'm just not comfortable driving them
that's why for me I usually only will drive an SUV or a nice sized car a vet is just too compact
do you ever get that thing that vets were for like little people am I a little people no I'm five
nine I weigh a hundred eighty nine pounds yeah it's not like six one two hundred pounds as a giant
either no a slipper like you can't afford to vet that's the problem Brandon all he's the manager
in his orifice who is this Brandon and why you talking about my my my my my my I thought I heard
the new Roger show that that that email was hysterical that all the complaint ones are hysterical
all of them each and everyone because you know they're listening every minute of every hour of
every day of every week of every month of every year you know that am I right yes
seven hundred eighty three votes on the pool I think we can top nine hundred today that would be
pretty good that would be a real feather in your craft oh yeah what would your critique be if
Neil allowed it on the year that is so worded so badly Charlie B you owe me an apology Charlie
if I allowed it on the year no complaint three hundred and twenty George eighty eight George
is number one complaint and he's out sick today wait till he comes back tomorrow Fanzai he won't
care no the repeating stream slash archive commercials eighty but please work on our nose not
enough calls seventy has like today none too much censorship too much joy sixty five
niels not a Miami fifty six and boy my happy about it I'm not just happy I'm thrilled
niels mailing it in thirty eight too many fake e-mailers thirty eating on the year sixteen too much
slot talk sixteen and too much food talk only six they love the food talk they love it and I do too
and how about that George not going to five guys burgers yet what's up with that he's just you
he's got his own agenda drugs and sex that's it that's all he cares about
I mean we gave him the assignment and we had a million calls about have you been to that place
no I have not but why not I don't know is it run by a bunch of goyam or something I mean what's
the deal with it the first I've heard about it it was on your show so I didn't even know it was
there well it's there all in rich in Orlando the ultimate ask kissing I mean rich don't take
this wrong but this is so silly what a stupid poll meaning today's poll how can anyone complain
about you or Georgia the show very easy not everybody's an ask us or like you rich who the hell
changed all the parameters it wasn't you guys it was the FCC in your corporate attorney when I
first heard you 1992 out of WSU in Tampa I thought what a breath of fresh air see there's another
S U N guy he talks the way we do I've heard I'm us in 1971 on WNBC used to listen to stern on DC 101
on Washington in 1981 and I still I'd never heard a personality who was so damn funny and talk the
way we do in regular conversation you never changed the rules did how the hell can they call that
mailing it in absolutely ridiculous you're doing a hell of a job a talk show with your mouth take
chip by regulation your mouth take shut you what I said you guys are the best ad for energy since
the Bolshevik Revolution in 1972 I'm getting my ammo for my supplier and I'll meet you on the
firing lines as rich in Orlando what a stupid poll nothing wrong with this poll I think it's just fine
in other words rich wants a boring show where everybody just kisses our ass I don't want that
ass kisses are boring oh Larry I love your show what's the question thank you thank you what's
the question thank you thank you uh huh should we add that to the poll that people hate the poll no okay
there's nothing wrong with this poll this poll is great oh Adam the fake Adam Kirschner says
flee sounds great on the year I wish he was on the show full time being from Tampa what does he
think above a love sponge he's okay that that was not an answer well we have a history so I don't
really like him that much but yeah he's very he's very smart he's all the more adult I mean he
we went up against each other in Tampa and when clear channel will jay court that time bought our
company he replaced me in the mornings really yeah so you hate him like poison he used to send us
from his lawyer ceasing to cyst because we'd use his real name and I'd call him flood with a butt
spooge and stuff like that and he got really mad and got an attorney on us really yeah what why is
it a big secret or something I think it's well at the time nobody knew that his real name was Todd
Clem and so they got arrested for something everybody knows that yeah now they do
well so you're the one that outed his name yeah he didn't like that very much
well why not I mean what did it is anybody we do you think there's a guy named Bubba the love
sponge I mean I know there's a lot of stupid people are over in a west coast but my god
how dumb do you have to be to believe Bubba the love sponge so you hate him like poison
yeah but I'm good friends with Brent his producer sidekick
yeah we went to high school together and he actually you're real you're a real radio schmuzer aren't you
I don't realize you were such a schmuzer I'm a schmuzer you know all the and did you know last
it at all I know haven't played blah blah yet by the way I have to not know I didn't know
he was a strange dude hard to get to know an enigma like me a real strange dude
but nevertheless I mean I'm not knocking him I'm not talking ill of him because you know
he did a good job ripping off my act yeah I remember one time you're mad at him and I think you played
like an entire hour of Luis Miguel as his leading really yeah you mean I see you in yes
I bet you took kindly to that yeah I don't think he liked that too much I'm the only guy in the
world who could sell Luis Miguel records in Tampa all right that's a true story that's for sure
let's let's play the weasel Miguel from now it all two sounds good to me I forgot all about that
I Luis Miguel played baby
what's the biggest name the best talent you know this is pretty quick whenever I shape my balls
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
yeah
real American a-hole
real American a-hole
we salute you Mr. I believe everything I read in a forwarded emails guy
Mr. I believe everything I read in a forward emails guy
there you sit in your underwear friendically forwarding the latest electronic
drivel for fear of the horrifically bad luck that awaits if you don't do exactly as you're told
stand there to find people on five minutes and your mother will get to put it yeah
no I'm fine Bill Gates is not sharing his fortune with you
and while we're on the subject neither is Walmart the prime minister of you backestan
or the widow of a really rich English guy who just needs your pin number
don't forget your best name search for reference in blood time gear
you'll scramble through your cupboard searching for box tops to send that poor little sick kid in Florida
unaware that he's actually a 49 year old ex-con in Michigan who just hacked into your hard drive
and stole your identity
why is it $1200 for the quick cream on my credit card
go ahead idiot sign that petition click that link send that corrupt file
and watch your mailbox fill up with more spam than that can goods aisle at the pigly weekly
out so we salute you mr. I believe everything I read and afforded emails guy
you're recently depleted paypal account your guardian angel mouse pad and your router
you are a real American a ho absolutely okay 12.02 at 5.60 wq a.m.
kneel at nearogins.com by the way for the emails
what want to take some calls today flee no no or why not
because we'll get the same stuff over and over again i'm your friend i'm your friend
hi rod hi rod i'm your friend so for those people who voted on the pool not enough calls too bad
there aren't any that's all ancient history done enough calls 70 votes although Georgia's got 91
from our we want to hear some of those great calls Brandon is back again you know Brandon if you
don't stop i'm going to start getting really i'm not going to get upset but just calm down
thank you flee for saying i'm not a giant see Brandon now is starting to be one of those people
thinks the show is about him and us back and forth even though i never said i was a giant
here's a good question he says how come they just run the same spots over the year over the
radio on the stream or sell ads for the stream i'm sure you're not making any money running
psa and spot saying listen to the big O uh the stream is not a money making proposition is it
they do have some spade uh paid spots but not that some what some spade
was some paid spots but not many some spade spots some of those two
bava lost vengeance i do believe his legal name he had it changed
an after hearing that flee was almost sued by bava it means he's a big hypocrite because he goes on
and complains how people can sue him for whatever reason god i hope he gets taken off air he says
your close personal friend Brandon pappa papa papa ppe pteipp
But at least he responds, you know what I'm saying?
At least he sent us stuff as opposed to the majority of people out there who wouldn't
take ten seconds to send us their very best or their very worst.
So I'm a vent who's a real chronic idiot.
I've been listening to you often on again for weeks and all you talk about is some Joe
Bell.
Isn't broadcasting one of ones to refresh the idea?
Who is Joe Effing Bell?
He's our general managers if you don't already know.
This is probably from your friend Joe Bell.
What does he do?
Not much.
All I hear is you stomping on this guy saying, you fairy.
So for all listeners you confuse with Joe Bell talk and since you don't even give him a chance
to defend himself, Neil, let us know who this guy is.
You hate.
He's our general manager.
You idiot.
And tell Georgie to feel better.
Grow a seconder in your keep.
Love in the hate, Joe.
Love the five guys.
Oh, it's Joe.
Joe 316, he writes on it.
Just all over the place.
Let's simple them.
So I guess we get to your shan old tomorrow.
I'm going to be, oh, here we go.
Mr. Radio about flea.
I agree.
Flea sounds great on the year.
Can you ask him what station he worked in in Tampa?
Did he work at 93.3 FLC or 98 rock?
Tell him, Brent Smart Guy for being a Tampa Redneck.
What does that mean?
Not sure.
But I worked at 98 rock.
What name did Lee use on the air?
Lead Daniels.
Lead Daniels.
Yeah, that's my middle name.
What is that a phony name?
Oh, yeah.
Like Neil Rogers.
Uh-huh.
Neil, did you hear that error?
Jamaica will be canceling their service to Miami at 1.10 or 20 years ago.
They had seven flights a day.
They'll be keeping their Toronto and FLL flights.
This is indicative of the general trend over the past 10 years where carabiners and African
Americans in general being pushed out of the Dave County.
Last year was a record for MIF, past year traffic, but most of the growth coming from Europe
and South American flights.
Well, so what does that mean?
Here's one from Mr. Radio, Mr. Groupy.
What does DJ Holliday do?
I don't even know who the hell that is.
He's the production director.
Yeah, that's what he does.
And I don't know.
What else?
Good.
God, Mr. Radio, some of you people would just know.
I have no life whatsoever.
Just make me want to conquer.
Scary.
Well, speaking of Tampa, and you well know this having worked over there and lived there,
there's lipsticks and center folds in the blitz cabaret.
There's diamond dolls and bare assets in the Wild Gentleman's Club.
In fact, there are by one count 43 strip clubs in the Tampa metro area, one for each Super Bowl.
Oh, yeah.
And the week of Super Bowl, this one is the Tampa's not the nightlife, what Black Friday
is to America shopping malls.
All the exotic dancing joints have earned Tampa a body reputation.
The Lads magazine, the Maxime, you can put it in its top ten list of best US party cities
a couple of years ago, based mostly on the dozens of night spots to see naked or nearly
naked women.
How about mom's weaners?
Is that still there?
Oh, yeah, and the Odyssey also.
Now, but at least one spot planning to have a talent in the parking lot to handle the
overflow, free spending tourist, locals expect a profit mightily through kickoff Sunday evening.
Based on what we did last Super Bowl in 2001, the numbers will quadruple during that weekend,
says Nick Polafroni, general manager of 2001 Odyssey, a landmark club known for the
spaceship-shaped VIP room rising from the top of the building.
Across the street is mom's Venus, a joint listed among the best strip clubs in the world
by uses of a website called the Ultimate Strip Club List.
The two off-scale clubs, walking distance from Raymond James Stadium where the Arizona
Cardinals will play the Steelers, have been fixtures for decades.
Tampa has a reputation for having the most strip clubs in the most girls who are a lot of
fun, says a 25-year-old exotic dancer named Claudia, who left a usual gig in Las Vegas,
uh, for work at the Super Bowl week here.
She has their nice name not to be used to save her family and any embarrassment.
Claudia has worked for previous Super Bowls and expects to make two grand a day at 2001 Odyssey.
Wow.
Most clubs treat the dancers as independent contractors who play a fat fleet, a fat fleet,
a flat fee to the house and keep the rest.
That's true.
It's so crazy, everybody is in such a party mood.
She says it's a whole new level of everything.
The clubs have been busy auditioning more dancers and upgrading their interiors,
some actually stay open 24 hours.
The Tampa Tribune added a helpful feature to its website listing the 43 strip clubs and
allowing Super Bowl visitors to search for such information as the cover charge and rest code.
Tired of Tampa's sleazy reputation, local lawmakers passed an anti-laptance ordinance before
the last Super Bowl here in 2001, making it a misdemeanor offense for dancers to come within
six feet of patrons.
The measure got a lot of publicity, but police didn't arrest anybody during Super Bowl week.
Police spoke to women Andrea Davis's offices, one,
patroller clubs looking for dancers who get too close, but there'll be a large,
large, to investigate if somebody calls in a complaint.
Our primary focus during the Super Bowl is going to be public safety, she says.
Bob Buckhorn, former city councilman who pushed the six foot ordinance to lament that adult
entertainment industry is ingrained in the fabric of this community.
The point of the law, he says, was to attack prostitution and prevent other crime by trying to
keep men away from those places. He wishes it was more aggressively enforced.
It's like cockroaches, Buckhorn says.
If you don't stay on top of it, it will infect and run you over, and that's exactly what happened.
For the city's promoters, Tampa's image is the lap dance capital of America is not exactly
something that's out in the glossy brochures.
Well, excuse me, huh?
When it's out, don't tout it out.
Yeah, the owner of the Magnus Venus Rand from Mayor at one time in Tampa.
Yeah, and didn't win.
So we get to your channel tomorrow, I guess, if we tune in early enough.
All right, make sure I make sure you leave me a memo and miss that.
God, 800 more votes on the pool.
I think we can go home now.
I think we can leave.
Oishmoi, creepy, creepy Carl Robles, sumi 8x10, receiving a 9x3 in his number two,
and I say plunge on, so mate, plunge on.
Very clever, not.
The stuff that comes in on these emails is just, I don't know whether it's scream or peel a banana.
If you catch my drift, yes, you can't see it.
Oh, it's caught.
Well, during the break, I gotta go out there and check and see if it's still snowing like a son of a
bitch.
So I can make my plans with a hot machine.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
The number one problem facing sport host today is getting laid.
Hmm, I don't know.
I want to touch a girl.
Yeah, it's trip joints in warehouses that maintain confidence in your manly hood.
But when you're gonna get some on your own merit, without having to lay out expendable cash,
well now's your chance.
With sport hall radios, white men in the keys contest.
Look for the life-size bust of Galdese head urinal cake made from the wholesome goodness of
genuine urinal cake.
While in the urinal, you'll find the URL.
Then enter it on your cell.
Enter username, vagrant password, the glitch.
They wait for your chance to win.
Wow, another winner.
White men in the keys.
On five six, oh, ever use you man.
If it's right.
1215 and 560 WQM.
Happy a Wednesday to you.
So what's the weather like there right now?
It's sunny.
Yeah, it's nice.
Sunny 75, 78.
Yeah, lower 70.
72.
Sounds good.
I don't know what the temperature is here.
Now we're getting 25 centimeters of snow today by the end of the day.
How much that is?
That's 10 inches.
Wow.
Minus five, which I think is like about, I don't know, 25, 26.
There are votes.
All right, so essentially we will continue to see this activity until about 8 pm this evening.
And generally up to 15 centimeters of snow is possible through the downtown core.
Once you get into Grimsby St. Catherine's, yes, a little bit more generally.
Who without wants to get into St. Catherine's?
Garden City racetrack, harness track.
It's actually 77 here right now.
77.
Is it really?
Yep.
How do you know that?
Because 77.
I just want to say.
You looked at what?
CBS4 website for the current weather conditions.
CBS4 website.
Oh, when did that all start?
That crap NBC6 and CBS4.
When did that crap start?
I don't know.
Why can't you just say channel four or channel six?
Whatever channel you were on?
And by the way, your roasting is going to be too happy with you being on channel looking on channel four's website.
Or did I say four on that six?
Yeah, NBC6.
That's the Joe Rose channel.
That's right.
Where they have to have like a special camera to get all of his big head on here.
What was that crap that email had yesterday?
I hate everybody.
You hate all the people you work with.
I like Joe just fine.
I like Mad Dog a lot.
Yeah, he's great.
Who else?
I used to like Eddie Kale up, but he's not there anymore.
Like Hank a whole lot still do.
They sure skim though.
They sure screwed him over.
So you tell me he fell asleep on the air for like 30 seconds.
How can we never heard that story before?
I'll have to find out.
I'll have to find out.
The minus three today, 26.
I'll have to find the audio.
I think I have it somewhere.
You have the audio of Hank falling asleep on the air.
That would get us a 90's year today if you could find that.
I'll see if I can get it.
Oh, God.
Sounds to me like you're trying to embarrass the Humper.
Just to suck up to Joe Bell.
No, that's what it sounds like.
No, no, I just think it's funny.
I have Hank's interview with Will Clark
where he thought he was talking to somebody else.
Oh, I've heard that too.
That's classic.
Is it?
Yeah.
Oh, I knocked it off.
I got so carried away.
I knocked it off the on the airline.
Where is it?
I know, but I remember I go back a long way
to the when the Yankees first came down here.
And they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg
and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St.
Petersburg and come to Fort Lauderdale with it.
Which at that time was where spring break was happening.
You know, in St. Petersburg, you know what was happening there.
Well, because you've been to Spring Training in that city.
There was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years.
When you were with the...
Did you ever go to St. Petersburg?
Nope.
For Spring Training, never did.
Nope.
Nope.
Nine years before that, I was in Arizona.
Yeah.
Right, with the Giants.
Yep.
How is it coming over to the American League?
You looking forward to it?
Been in the American League for five years now.
Yeah.
So I'm not unfamiliar with it.
I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team here.
That was funny.
Now that's bad.
Why would you play something like that?
That was terrible.
Oh, boy.
So do you find that other thing about hang falling asleep on a year?
No, but I'll try to get it in the break.
Oh, that's bad.
And Hank is a great guy.
You know, I mean, you know Hank.
Yeah, he's great.
He's old a little bit.
And over time's on the year where he was a little listless.
And when they put him on in the morning,
there was the worst mistake how they could have done that.
I mean, immediately everyone, you know,
those of us who have done mornings know that there's a certain energy level
you have to have to get up that early number one and then do a do morning,
you know, and be awake and alert and alive.
And that crossover thing that clearance came up with with me and Hank,
oh, that was just killer.
Did you hear that?
Yes.
And it really just bugged the hell out of me because I knew that it was
because it was accomplishing nothing because the people who liked Hank
had already been listening to him all morning long.
And the people who liked me wanted to hear me.
You know what I'm saying?
Hank was much better in the afternoons.
That's for sure.
Exactly.
We had it going, man.
We had the mad dog two to four.
We had that crossover hour with the two of them four to five.
We had the Humper five to seven by himself.
And we had it going.
We were kicking big smelly ass.
And now we just handed the ball over to La Bastard there in the afternoon
because he's not doing strictly a sports show.
And you keep telling me that you told Joe Bell this morning
in times there to go to Joe Bell again with that email.
And he won't listen.
He won't listen.
The top rated shows on this station and across the street are the shows
that are mostly non-sports.
I mean, I don't really know what La Bastard does.
But I guess, you know, a lot of comedy, a lot of off-the-wall stuff.
Right?
Yes.
Not pure sports.
Not give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Shanon, Shanon.
You know, I say, schmidon, Shanon.
That's what I say.
I wouldn't shmit on the best part of Shanon.
I wouldn't shmit on the best part of him if I could find it.
I mean, don't these people have ears?
Can't they hear when somebody doesn't sound like they belong on the ear?
Just because a guy used to take showers naked with a bunch of other guys
and word jockstrap, does that make him qualify to be a boardcaster?
I mean, I know I keep beating that into the ground,
but it just frosts my ass.
Growing up and listening to all the great broadcasters through the years,
my god, there were so many of them.
Chuck Thompson and Harry and Mel
Ernie Harwell, Gaudi,
Gives Chandley and Cleveland.
There were just a genuine real, and these weren't jocks or ex-jocks.
These were guys who were radio and television people.
These were broadcasters.
Not just guys that used to take naked showers together
and slap each other on the ass in the locker room
and god only knows maybe do a little bit more than that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like that.
That's one thing, Al Goldstein,
all his other problems.
One thing he was right about the sports fraternity.
That's a gay club you moron.
Right.
Amen.
Let's give Al two to four and see how many days before we get sued a few times.
By the way, Joyce is slowly catching up to George on the pole.
Oh, is she?
Yeah.
And that was the late edition.
And that's my bad.
I should have had you edit.
Well, I did as soon as we sat down this morning.
As soon as you finally showed up.
And by the way, thanks for being here today because George is out sick.
No problem.
Because if you weren't here today,
god only knows what kind of crap they would have said.
Maybe the beast again.
Maybe that's Clarence's favorite trick as to what his boyfriend on there.
And the beast was okay on Friday.
The beast was with us.
So when George was out there at Goldstein, he was all right.
He kept his mouth shut.
Although he occasionally slips some things out that I guess is supposed to be
like to think about the station moving down the street.
I think that's supposed to be a big secret.
It is.
Well, I don't know.
What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the air?
Well, Neil is allowing it on the air.
That's why we're taking the pole, Charlie B.
I noticed Charlie B hasn't emailed me again and say,
oh, I apologize.
That was really stupid.
Oh, here's the fake Adam Kirschner.
I'm loving Flea, what a breath of fresh air.
Ask him what he knows about Cracker Jack Harris being canned from WFLA.
He was canned.
Well, he was on there a long time.
Probably making too much money.
Was he?
Probably.
I told him I was going to sneeze.
There it was.
An hour later.
I didn't say which hour.
Alan Israel wants to talk with you about Yahoo messenger about using an I don't want to.
In fact, Yahoo makes me nauseous.
I get more spam on Yahoo.
Oh, Mr. Radio again,
leaded in mornings with Maria Stone, Harrison Dangler,
and Bob Narlie on 98 Rock.
That is correct.
Well, he's so in other words, he's asking if he remembers Joel Tate.
Say you well.
What kind of a name is that?
Joel Tate?
I don't remember, but my memory is now what it used to be.
No.
It's like this Mr. Radio and all these other people like him like to fake Alice Rantel,
which I'm sure is the same person.
It's like they're writing a book about old time radio.
Boring.
Talk about boring.
Oh, here we go.
You're my bitches back.
Good.
I always love it.
God between the reading of Brandon's ass-stucking emails and you're
complaining, so I'm going to go nuts.
Again, with the jolly joe bell.
Man, I remember when you used to get close to 2,000 votes on your polls.
Without having to combine polls, I know they took away farts and
veded curtain and they bitch slapped you with a bunch of restrictions.
But come on.
Not too long ago, you still had an easy 1,500 votes per poll per day.
You had topics and took calls and read articles.
You didn't put people to sleep with your bedtime stories.
Oh, I read articles, though.
What the hell's going on here?
Take the damn calls already.
You can't forget the love of God.
Just keep mailing it in.
Flee if I were you at state.
You should your name and flee for your life.
Bat.
Go talk to someone to get George on his own show and you can be a sidekick.
You can call it the spikingly Daniel show.
That's catchy.
Shut up, Rogers.
Bat.
Says you're my bitch.
Wow.
One of my very favorite emailers.
Very angry.
No, not angry.
Just fake.
See, if you take any of this stuff literally, you'd never, you'd go home and
you'd never, you'd lock the door from the inside and you'd never go outside again.
You'd pull like a little doggy door underneath and have like
delivery, you know, all your food delivered.
But I think he serves a purpose, though, because he's representative of an awful lot of what's
there, you know?
I mean, I'm reading articles about how everybody is so much happier now that bushes out
and Obama's in and we got rid of the eight years of misery even though we got a depression going on.
But they're a lot of happy people.
Most of them, however, are not in South Florida.
Well, the rush limbo with your wife, friends, on what's the left of comedy picotags called the
Donning of a new generation?
Well, you know what, my suffocates?
I say good.
Now, you're going to get a chance firsthand to witness all that I've been warning you about.
They want it all, but okay.
They got them.
And today, the market fell at another 300 points.
He's no friend of corporate high friends and that means he's no friend of mine.
Mark my words, my friends.
He's going to plunge us into the dank and dirty dark-nissled freedom and prosperity.
Yes, my friends, I'm going to watch you suffer from the comfort of my luxurious mansion in Bomb Beach.
A tell you, my friends, a high tone like that shouldn't be serving in the White House.
He should be serving drinks on a train.
He he he he.
Hey, no, no, no, what are you people doing to my plus or your point of view?
I be not working at home.
All right, possession on this stuff, pal.
You've got to leave.
You've got to listen.
I'm a pure channel cool, little boy.
Yeah, well, you failed.
And you're not.
No.
Come on, so let's go.
No, no, what the hell?
I'm afraid of people.
That's why I'm really seen in public, you know.
I'm afraid of people.
I'm afraid of people.
You hear this?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't cry.
I'm afraid of people.
I'm afraid of people.
I'm afraid of people.
Okay, 1230 is 560 WQM.
Maybe you ought to take a pulse since you can't get clearances, John.
Maybe you take over George's job.
No, you can't afford the pay cut, though.
No, it actually helped me be a pay increase, but that's okay.
It would be?
George is my boy.
I wouldn't stab him in the back.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you would stab your grandma in the back if you could accomplish something by doing it.
I can just tell.
I don't know you that well, but I can just tell from talking to you that you're that kind of a guy.
Wow, thanks.
If you got a grandma, she's still a liar.
No, she's dead.
You're both dead?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Mine too.
That's a shame.
I'm an orphan.
You do realize that my parents are dead, my grandparents are dead.
Most of my relatives are dead.
Me too.
I'm like an orphan.
I don't even know if my relatives are dead or alive.
And quite frankly, I guess they don't care what...
I guess they know I'm alive because I'm on the air, you know.
Yeah, I guess it all depends on just how much you're into family.
See, people give me crap because I've never been a family person,
if you know what I mean.
I'm not talking about, you know, married with kids
and that immediate family.
And I'm talking about, you know, parents and your extended family.
Right.
Are you a big family person?
No, not really.
And, uncles, brothers, sisters, cousins.
No.
Well, that's because I'm a heartless bastard who hates everybody.
You do understand that.
That's what they tell me.
That's what the audience tells me.
They know me really well, not.
That's one of the things that I'll never, ever...
I can't relate to it and I can't even begin to understand it.
The idea that because you watch somebody on TV
or you listen to somebody on radio,
you think that you know them personally.
Well, I love it around here because everybody's afraid to ask you anything.
It's like, what do you think is going to happen?
He's in Toronto.
What is he going to say is no and call you an idiot?
Everybody here is scared of you.
God, Mr. Radio has outdone himself.
This is the all-time groupie email.
Fort Myers, Fall Arbitron Ratings 1999.
Persons 2554.
Oh, my God.
Number one, W-A-V-V.
I mean, this is a great interest to the audience.
I'm sure the Fort Myers Ratings,
but this is from when you were on the year.
Right.
13.1 share, W-A-V-V-V.
Listening in big band, easy listening.
That figure's out of old parts over there.
Music put the nearly dead.
W-X-R-K, one of these numbers.
Oh, I see.
1177 for W-A-V-V-V-V-H-7 for Howard Stern.
W-X-R-K, that's K-Rox call letters.
Yes.
Well, how can they have the same call letters and four Myers?
That's just like when they were simulcasting me and four Myers,
and they were calling it W-Q-A-M.
You run in four Myers?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah, for quite a while for, I don't know, two, three years.
What years were that?
I would say the first years of Q-A-M, like,
98, 99, 2000.
Wow, I was there, I didn't even know.
Well, no, there you go.
So you could have been listening.
Could have picked up some pointers,
could have stolen some material like Paul and Ron.
Well, not only was that there,
but I worked for the company and still didn't know.
Yeah.
Well, that's, you know, that's them.
W-X-K-V-8-1, Randy and Melody.
W-D-L-Z-6-1, the breakfast bunch.
W-W-W-G-R-5-4, country, wink, 5.4,
Bennett and Bunch, W-J-V-X-5-1, Lee Daniels.
Yeah.
But that's 2554.
We were in 18 to 34-year-old station.
And this is persons 2554 men and women.
We were number one persons 18 to 34.
Woo!
I know.
W-C-K-T-4-7, Rick McGee.
Can't country.
News 39, W-O-S-T Scott and Julie 38, W-A-R-O,
Bob and Tom only at 2-9.
Bob and Tom are great.
And they sure as hell were back then,
that's before all the censorship started.
Yeah, and I kicked their ass.
Well, I don't take this personally,
but I sure as hell rather listen to Bob and Tom
than you.
I mean, don't take that personal.
I would never.
Huh?
No, I wouldn't.
You weren't in our demo anyway.
Not now?
Or then?
Not even back then.
And I don't think I was ever in that demo, you know what I mean?
Oh, there's Please Lack again.
So I just like to shoot the chic and WTLQ Don I'mus
in last place with the two six.
One thing about I'mus, man, outside of New York,
he's always bombed everywhere they try to put him on.
Big ass egg, your goose egg.
And now he's just bad.
Here's one from the fake lyric, King,
I nominate Flea for Georgia's job.
He's a lot better around here.
See, then they go trying to start again.
Yeah, why don't you start?
Start up.
Like Joe Rosas, stir it up.
Why does Joe say that?
Stir it up.
I don't know, but did you play your electric bill?
What do you mean by that?
Your electric bill.
Oh, electric bill.
Don't get me started about the electric bill.
Are you picking on Joe Ros?
Now you making fun of him?
No, never.
Just because he's a big-headed jock.
Joe is good.
He's good people.
He's a good guy.
He's sweet.
He's too much.
He's a nice guy.
He's a great guy.
And a good broadcaster.
Not a great broadcaster, a good one though.
If he was great, he would tell clearance to bug off
with a stupid guest.
And if he was like the macho man that all these guys are,
like mad dog, always campaigning about guest
are boring.
And he's right.
Guests are a tune out.
If you announce that my guest is going to be Ish Kibibble
and like 30% of the audience hates Ish Kibibble,
they're going to turn out immediately if not sooner.
Right?
Yes.
It's a tune out.
It's taking narrow casting and narrowing it down.
It's like taking a slice of pie and cutting it into
like 10 smaller slices and then picking out one teeny sliver.
Like Mo would say, a sliver of the pizza pie.
What did you think of Mo?
I thought he was OK on the dolphin broadcast.
Yeah.
Better than Jimmy Cifiless, sir.
Well, come on.
Goes without saying, huh?
Yeah.
And did you ever meet him?
Did you have any interaction with him?
Never met him.
I didn't really listen to the show.
I couldn't handle him.
What do you mean by that?
I love the bit that you play about him saying to the national.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Jason, you're on QM.
This one?
We don't have any national guards there
because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the national guard.
Pardon?
Not the national guard.
No national guard in Iraq?
Not there's no national guard.
No.
Right.
To which I would say.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
They were the first to go.
Now was that the bit you were referring to that you loved?
Yes.
So you never met the molemeister, huh?
No.
To meet him was to hate him.
When I started here, it was still the Kenny and Bo Morning Show.
Oh, the Kenny and Bo Morning Show.
Now what was your take on that?
Did you go to Joe Bell right away and say,
oh, let's get this piece of crap off the edge.
Oh, this is the worst garbage I ever heard in my life.
I actually said that before they put it on the air.
Oh, I said not in great detail.
And I told you.
I told you.
Stick to promotions.
This is programming.
Did you tell you that?
Like, clearance told you that time?
No.
You did not tell you that.
What did you say?
They said that they were going to give a shot and see what happens.
Yeah.
They were going to give it a shot.
Not enough bullets in the gun, though.
I guess Kenny and Bo Morning Show, hey, it's Robert Creeper, the Grand
Reaper to Lord of the Board.
When I heard Kenny Walker say that's the first time I wanted to jump off my balcony.
Kenny was out of his element.
That's a problem.
Say it again.
Kenny was just out of his element.
I mean, I think he's a good FM jock for a female stage.
That's right.
Yeah.
Like Johnny Dork, he's a great three by five card reader.
It's 87.
He's got a great voice.
But as far as personality, you know, Johnny doesn't have any, either does Kenny Walker.
Nice guy, though.
Well, okay.
So it's D.A.
Everybody tells me it's a real nice guy.
I never met him, but I take their word for it.
Great guy.
But he's got a point.
Oh, you got no number.
None.
None.
I know the signal is terrible.
Okay.
Nobody can hear it.
But just by osmosis, just by saying hello, just by making the, just by making the tubes
glow in the transmitter.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Was the signal the same when any K was on?
No, it was bad, but not this bad.
It's gotten order.
So.
Well, that's what your buddy Joe tells me is that nobody can hear the station at night.
It's bad.
Is it?
Yeah.
Well, what about during the daytime, like right now, like, Kukarajah, like we got all
at the Kubano crap in the background from Fidel.
Yeah, a little bit.
You think that would go suffer a number and a little of an a little bit, but it doesn't
work.
Okay.
When flea wasn't tampon to the M.A.
Anything to do with the tookie bird and what the hell did he do that got your roast
screaming and threatening to be disastrous, Mark and Kendall?
I don't know what the tookie bird is.
Oh, here you go.
A concern listener.
Oh, you see, this is why your ratings suck.
It's the same old crap.
You have to come up with some new material.
You're too stale.
You used to be pretty funny, but this is pathetic.
That's why Le Bastard and Castronova will always have higher ratings.
Treat people with respect.
Let them talk on the phone, quit hanging up on them.
Right.
I'm your friend.
That's right.
Let them talk on the phone.
If you can't change, get out of the business.
If you don't care about your job or career, how about the people you're working with?
You make millions.
They make hourly wage.
I'd rather listen to Randy Rhodes.
What's the probability that she can work at five, sixty, especially taking your dull old
spot?
Signed a concern listener.
A concern listener undoubtedly from across the street.
Carnie says I was late off today.
I blame you because I got caught making emailing you during business hours.
Got any work?
Love the show.
Thanks, Carnie.
Got caught emailing the show during working hours.
Anybody buying that?
Not.
Picket's name.
Picket and stick it.
The most anticipated for me, is either lost, or even so bad.
Mr. Bush.
You just can't stand here on the street corner in Washington, D.C.
Your presidency is over.
I know that.
You know, I still have images of those days.
I've vivided my mind.
Yeah, it should seem like just yesterday.
So what are you going to do now?
I can't ask you that.
Really?
What are you going to do now?
I don't know.
Really don't know.
I'm not trying to hide anything.
Laura, do you have any idea?
Not really.
No, I didn't say it coming.
George, you mean to tell me you had no exit strategy?
Well, I've lost the two hour premium event.
OK, 12.45 a few whims.
So tell me what kind of a show you did in Four Bires.
Was it like a typical morning zoo kind of a show?
No.
I mean, we played some music, probably like four to six songs
an hour, and hopefully entertaining stuff in between.
Recorded it?
What used to do stuff like Boca-Brindus for you.
We used to do our own.
When I was in Tampa, we used to actually sell bits
to you man cow.
Really?
Yeah, I guess.
Well, he sure did a big number in this market.
Oh, point.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, he's a horrible person, too.
Is he really?
Yeah.
You met him?
Yeah, because he tried to hide away my partner in Tampa
at the time.
Yeah.
And we went up and talked him a little bit,
and yeah, he was an ass.
He was a what?
He was an ass.
Oh, I thought we were going to say the whole word.
Oh, no.
Oh.
Now, could we say, no, I better not say it?
Ask Joyce if we can say, whole.
You know what I mean?
Whole.
Like, don whole.
If we can say, don whole, we can say, ass.
Anyway, here's one that says, any chance you can extend
to your show one more, our show's 3PM.
There's nothing to listen to, two to three
until Levitard comes on.
Levitard.
Oh, now, what are we going to do between two and four?
We have to take a poll on that.
Now, some people say, give George's own show.
But of course, George can't work six hours a day.
And we're not turning George loose.
Unless, of course, they offered him some big bucks,
which they won't do.
You know what I mean?
Not your guy.
How about you doing two to four?
Sure.
I mean, getting all these emails saying,
oh, please sounds great on the ear and like that.
I'd do it.
You would, sure.
You could do a talk show?
Yeah, why not?
Now, would you do a sports show or like a just a general show?
I would talk about all the,
I prefer to do like a general show,
but I would mix in some sports with it.
Yeah, like a little bit, like a, like dropping
like a little turd, like a pigeon turd.
Yeah, the important stuff in each half hour.
Oh, Super Bowl Sunday and then go back to strip clubs.
Yes.
Laird Lanny and Kendall must think that I'm 166,
not just 66, stir it up as a Bob Marley song.
No Schmidt, Lanny.
That's not the point, though.
That's just a line that the Jolex used.
Oh, yeah, in fact, on that mo thing,
you accuse me of trying to stir it up.
Isn't that what he says?
I'll find it.
It's here somewhere.
I want to give you an update of what took place
just now off the air, because I think it's important here.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David,
who I get along with great.
But don't don't worry.
He called me a whole saying I was trying to stir it up.
See, there you go.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
I was trying to one on one.
See that that's a line that the Joe uses all the time.
And back when I first came to the station,
I was listening to the worst team on a way
to work in the morning with Joe and Gildey and the NIFO.
And I started getting the realization
that there were these catch phrases,
these lines that they use over and over.
Like NIFO with his mailing it in and living large.
And oh my God.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
So you heard Joseph stir it up,
which has nothing to do with the Bob Marley song.
No.
I just, I don't know.
It just leaves me limp.
843 votes on a pool.
You know something we can go over.
We can do like 950 or something.
That would be pretty damn good considering.
Here is one from a long time list.
You're manny from Kendall.
Oh yeah.
Manny from Kendall, my ass.
I don't know why you've chosen to alienate your sports audience.
At least they have something to say
compared to the idiots who just call make stupid noises.
You hang up on them and that's it.
It's like nobody can have a conversation with you anymore.
Bring back Dave Capredin, get rid of George
and start talking to your audience again.
You washed up old Jew.
Sincerely manny from Kendall.
It probably is manny from Kendall.
A real retard.
Oh and Jimmy Dorsky is back.
Neil any chance of a half price deal
for restaurant further north for us in Palm Beach County?
I'm not complaining just curious.
Thank you.
Well you're welcome.
I don't know.
Ask the salespeople ask please.
He'll tell you he's involved in that kind of stuff.
Any chance like an abok restaurant or like that?
Maybe I'll get deaf on it.
Yeah, get get get on muff.
Get all over her on it.
Boy, he could tell you some stories.
Maybe he already has.
No, but I like to hear him.
Oh my God.
My clearance was the assistant PD and how he stabbed
muff in the back and took his job.
And then all of a sudden muff was the operations manager
and they eliminated that position and muff.
I've had to agree to go to sales, which you know what?
You know what a hard-ass job that is going out
and pounding the pavement.
Oh yeah.
But he's done a good job.
He's done a good job for us.
Yep.
He's a good guy.
I'll tell you that.
That's all right.
Never has a negative thing to say about anybody.
That is correct.
Good person.
And has been screwed over badly in that joint.
Oh my God.
He could tell you stories that would make you grow here
in places where it's illegal.
Neil, the owner of the Mons' Wieness is Joe Redner.
One of the few voices of reason in Tampa politics.
He's one of the few champions of free speech.
And someone who's always stood up to the knee-and-earth
all around here says Pete and Tampa.
Joe Redner, you know who that is?
Absolutely.
Well, you being the Tampa...
And these people are saying,
oh, it's the same old material we've never talked
about flea being on the air or about Tampa radio
or stuff like that, ever, ever, ever.
They used to have a TV show on public access.
That was the Mons' access?
Yeah.
Mons' initiative.
And the girls will get naked every Wednesday night,
11 o'clock, and be naked on your television.
No, it sounds like Al Goldstein's
all show in New York, wasn't midnight blue.
Mm-hmm.
On public access?
Well, everybody wants to see public access.
That's for damn sure.
And in Tampa, no less days to have this?
Absolutely.
Oh, my...
What did you say?
Absolutely.
Oh.
Holy moly, man.
Let's see.
The fake lyric Kings says,
I like what I'm hearing,
flea doing a sports light show from 2 to 4 would be great.
Good.
Good, Larry.
Go to hell.
If he had a hand in making youth of predation,
sung about pedophile priests,
parody of youth of the nation,
then Bubba used to play a 98 croc.
Scott wants to know if you had a hand in that.
No.
No.
Why would you have a hand in what Bubba used to play?
Did you ever sell him bits?
I doubt that.
No, not at all.
Here's one that's also I'm a vent,
another idiot.
All choked up, eh?
The three best personalities in South Florida radio are
LeBaster, Castanova,
and you shout out to Kimba,
Neil, whatever happened to Steve Stancell?
Is he doing Wasserman, Nissan voiceover still?
I don't know, and I don't care.
He wasn't ex-
He wasn't ex-
Steve Stancell?
Yep.
I just barely remember who that was.
Get an F and Top at going Neil.
Let's try a bit different approach today than you usual BS.
Put the listeners' opinions to work on the movement, Neil God.
No, no thanks.
I'm going to block him.
He's just getting too, too testy for me.
I don't mind, I don't mind the hate emails, you know?
But just too testy.
Too psychotic.
Buh! Do this! Buh! Do that! Buh! Buh! Buh! Buh!
All the more reason that it's good to be.
Yeah.
No wife.
No nagging wife.
If no nagging mother-in-law.
Sixty plus years I had a nagging mother.
But luckily I lived most of the time far away.
And even when I lived close by I would go like once a week.
Obligatory.
Tuesday launch at Mommies.
Are you aware of that?
At the Ark?
No one.
I mean usually at her house.
And carriage hills right across the street from the Ark.
Did you hear that about the Ark the other day?
Yeah.
The guy calling and trying to pedal me the Ark.
You should live so long that I'm going to go to the Ark.
Oh my God.
The number of times that she slept us there.
Oh!
A place from a hill.
Whoever heard of a place where you go and you sit down.
A light like a cattle.
And they come running out with a cup or a bowl of soup
before your ash hits the chair.
They bring you soup.
You don't know what kind it is.
You don't know what you really want.
I'm a soup lover too.
That's the interesting part.
I love soup.
And the food, even on the Ark.
No one never ate cuisine like that.
Let's see.
I'm going to gather all the Neocoffs and Chokes and Flim
that you spew over the microphone for us listeners to hear.
Good.
And use Elvis's all shook up.
All choked up.
Any chance of you doing it?
Math on this one?
No.
That's the so I may vent again.
Who's not even in the same category with your my bitch?
I mean, that's entertainment.
So I may vent again.
In addition to what you're probably counting the number of times I clear my throat.
I mean, I could reach over a shot off the mic like that.
I'm not like Joey Reynolds.
I need somebody else to turn the mic on and off.
Are you aware of that?
That Joey had Bill Marshall to turn the microphone on and off?
I was not.
Well, he did.
At least in his IOD days.
I don't know about now that he's on overnight and eight million states.
When fortunately most people are sleeping.
With that fresh new comedy, are you all that familiar with Joey Reynolds?
No, not really.
Good.
Washup has been DJ from WKBW in Buffalo a hundred years ago.
Who thinks he's an entertainer?
Devious guy too.
The story is legendary about he and Russ Oasis coming into going to dinner with them.
One night and trying the purpose of the dinner allegedly was because Russ was starting some talk show network around.
And there was never any conversation about talk show network.
It was all about me trying to how they wanted me to backstab Rick and Suds and get Joey the afternoon gig.
Oh, the radio wars are hot right now.
Boba Boba Radio wars are hot.
Just an idiot Joey.
A real simpleton.
But the business is full of them as you well know.
So what do you think Boba is going to do in this market?
Do you think he's going to give us some competition for young Ron and old Paul or what?
Yeah, I say he'll have a little bit of an impact.
Yeah.
Top 10 at least 25 54.
Yeah, I would say so.
Wouldn't it be something if he like kick Paul and old Ron's ass wouldn't that be great even though you hate him like poison?
And he hates you.
Yeah.
A lot of people in the business don't like you for some reason.
You seem like such a benign guy, you know.
Yeah.
But behind the scenes, God only knows in fact even right now who knows what kind of crap you're pulling.
What's the van to do, hour?
Hi, V.
I miss his boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen Bernie, I'm a salad intern as coffee sipes.
Yes, every morning, see I miss listen to a tape of other people's county bits.
Live on the air.
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin.
Somebody to pass the fresh one plays like you.
See his wild behind the scenes addicts.
Listen to me, stupid.
I am the Iman, you are the walrus cucko cucko choon.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I miss.
He's irreverent.
So what's the deal with Paul?
He's topical.
So what's the deal with his watergate break?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a double representation.
What else?
I don't know.
He's I'm his friend, he's boring.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A table channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to.
And somebody gets some fresh jingle.
It's Irish, a real, uh, pleasant guy.
101 and 560 WQ AM.
Uh-huh.
He made a big impact in this market.
Let me tell you.
Oh, oh.
Now what station is he on?
Is he on the E50 deal?
Is that it?
I can't keep track of his own wins.
No, he's on wins.
He is?
Yeah.
He's on, uh, with Scare America.
Yep.
And old, uh, gas bag like him is on Scare America.
But that cheap gentleman, they're all over the place.
Well, at least he's on the station with a signal anyway.
Unfortunately.
Now why doesn't Beasley just buy I.N.Z.?
Wouldn't that make sense since they're going to flip it to all sports?
That would be like, uh, you know, precluding the possibility of them chopping off another chunk of our diminishing audience?
I mean, even if they suck, which they did before with the Fox, were they already tried that a few years ago?
Are you aware of that?
Yeah, I was working there when they were Fox.
You were?
Yeah, I was working at Zeta.
Is that when Stu Gotts was over there at 940 and Clarence was booking guests for him?
I don't know about that.
Well, let me tell you right now that's a true story.
Stu Gotts was working at 940 at the competition.
He left here, went over there and Clarence, being his close personal buddy, even though they were the competition, he was allegedly booking guests for Stu Gotts on 940.
Wow.
Yeah, sounds like actionable to me to get canned.
You ought to fire Clarence and take that job.
What?
Now, he's got to be making more bucks than you are.
Oh, absolutely.
I think George makes more money than me.
George makes more money than you?
Yes.
Get out of here.
The cleaning guy makes more than George.
So in other words, your good personal friend, Joe Bell, really stuck it to you. Is that the deal?
I just know I make less than George.
Then you see you don't want to say that, even though it's true.
See, I'm all confused about the Miguel thing.
Miguel was the great guy.
He would fill in on this show and like today, when George would be out sick, he would fill in.
Or when we needed a third person back in the day when we had three.
And he was the promotions guy and he was just like by everybody.
He was a good all around guy.
Nothing just like I've met him.
I like him.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
Yeah.
And he got canned so that Joe could bring in his buddy from Raleigh, which wasn't you.
No.
Who was it?
Some guy named Daniel, I think.
Yeah, I never, he wasn't around long enough for me to ever confront him.
Yeah.
And then what happened to him?
I'm not really sure.
I think he just left on his own.
He left on his own because they weren't paying him squat.
I think that's the case.
Maybe.
I really don't know.
I don't, I don't get it.
Why did he take the job in the first place if they weren't paying him squat?
I don't get it.
I think he was a sales guy first.
Oh, a sales guy.
A sales hole.
Yeah, I think so.
Well, one thing I want all you kids out there never to forget.
Sales people are ice holes.
Yeah.
A sales guy.
And.
And then, and then you replaced him as at the deal.
Yeah.
And where were you working at the time and for Myers?
No, where.
No, where you were out on the street on the beach.
I get out of radio for a little while.
Oh, and you got back into it?
Oh, and I thought you were a bright guy.
I know.
What were you doing in the interim?
I was working for a mortgage broker.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I caused the problem.
I caused the whole bubble to burst.
Now we understand what all happened.
Oh, we got a snowfall warning.
20 to 30 centimeters now.
The 15 will likely be closer towards the Niagara region 40 years.
I think Catherine's looking at that.
Total for us here.
Probably just over 10 centimeters when it's finally starts to taper off.
Now towards the eastern Ontario, Kingston, east of Ottawa looking at 20 to possibly in some
cases 30 centimeters of snow.
Now it's fairly light but steady.
There's a live look at the offer 20.
Oh my God.
We got a big green blob over the whole GTA man.
A big green blob.
So today close to school today, Ellen?
I would think so.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What are you asking me?
Do I have kids in school?
I don't know.
You think Paco's in school?
He's sleeping, man.
It's not even two o'clock yet.
Nice.
I'm sure he's upstairs.
Party all night, sleep all day.
That's the Mexican F and Y.
How do I get that gig?
He's retired.
That's his line.
I'm retired.
Hey listen, it's just the way it is, you know?
In addition to which where are you going to go on a day like this?
I just looked out the window during the one o'clock break.
I went in my bedroom and I opened the drapes wide and I looked out and it's a mess.
We went from yesterday where most of the snow was pretty much gone and the roads were clean as a whistle.
You could eat off the streets yesterday and now it's that not just snow but you know the ICS stuff that...
Oh, you know what I'm talking about?
Kind of.
Now did you ever live up north or you'd like to always in Florida?
No, the farthest north I ever lived was Atlanta.
Oh, well they got snow.
Sometimes, yeah.
You living in Atlanta?
I thought you were white.
Yeah, I only lived there for this summer.
They have a lot of dark folks in Atlanta.
I mean, nothing there's anything wrong with that but...
Am I right?
It's about 27% I think, yeah.
Black?
Mm-hmm.
Not like Detroit though.
Detroit is like 97% black.
Not that there's anything wrong with that except that the white people keep moving away.
Farther and farther.
Pretty soon they...
White people from Detroit are going to be at the North Pole.
They're going to be long gone.
In fact, look where they built the damn stadium.
Pontiac.
No wonder the Lions never win a game.
Who wants to...
Who wants to slap all the way to Pontiac to go to a football game to see the worst team in the history of the league?
They're not like that Toronto make believes though.
Let me tell you, I am...
I just can't believe that this community is wanting to put up with this.
They've had mediocrity for so many years.
42 years.
I know they're willing to put up with a lot but...
The advantage of blender finance is Gortzide, one lunch, the peri-air shoots it off the boards for research.
They'll go keep for him but hand it to Horton and his pass for...
Let's go to Tim Horton's for a nice cup of coffee.
What do you say?
In a bagel.
Shooting it back in again.
A lower. Let it go.
Johnny Bauer, he was my favorite man.
He's still alive.
He's 185.
And he's still alive.
There's not a backhand.
We're shot.
Even a right side in the net.
Pretty tense affair with the score two to one and moving on in the third period.
From the face up and touch the basket.
Took a shot at the end.
A shot.
This is called living in the distant past.
Just like Dolphins.
Everyone here is something really bad.
Check out the Panther broadcast on on 790.
Whoever does the play by play.
Randy Moore.
Oh my god.
Terrible.
Another ex-jock.
He's terrible.
Hey, come back.
Tell him over the line.
Hold the man he's since the length of a hybrid.
Oh, hold the man.
Slow down to make the face.
First shot of right side of the shot.
How he comes to him.
Put it over the line.
Like a reverse shot.
And that's why.
And Kelly's got it to the Hamlet.
The Hamlet just checked by below.
Hamlet's back to the bar.
Let's get hockey intensive.
What do you say?
Panthers or hot men playoffs?
I'm in the Hamlet.
Go over the line.
He's just in the behind the net.
I'm trying to protect him.
Are you not can silly read your Randy Emor?
Oh, he's terrible.
Hello, it's Dump by.
He's no Jimmy Cifalus.
He's worse.
You see, you see the consistent pattern though here?
X-jocks.
X-jocks.
X-jocks.
Back for it.
I'm strong.
To Kea.
At the center.
Over the line.
And to shot.
Come on.
Come on.
Gump orzli.
There is a D-Fo's Eddie Jackamon and Gump orzli.
That's D-Fo's hockey vocabulary.
That's his repertoire.
Ed Jackamon and Gump orzli.
Long pass for Ellas.
Ellas took his shot.
Harris breaks it out.
He did break it from the head to Richard.
Team Dipto.
Over the line.
Close again.
Cover it by the...
Ellas is checked.
Richard comes from behind the net.
Then the waiting for his shoot.
He's so blind.
Ellas gets the puck.
There's it down the ice.
See, if you live in the past long enough,
you can find a year that you did good.
Like the dolphins living in the early 70s.
Can't live in the past forever, you know what I'm saying?
Sooner or later you've got to put a product out there
that somebody can be proud of.
Somebody can say, hey, this is worth paying to go see.
As opposed to these make-believes.
Losing six to one in Minnesota.
To a girls' team in Minnesota with that freaking...
Jacques Lamar.
Oh my God.
Never less.
Serious, by the way, is back up to 12 cents.
Wow.
Let me double check.
It was back up to 12 this morning.
Let me take a look at it now.
It could be a real selling opportunity.
Serious XM radio ink.
Have you have serious in your card?
You have 12 cents.
It's hanging right in there at 12 cents.
Yes, I do have it.
And...
I enjoy it.
What do you enjoy about it?
Well, I like to hear it.
No, I don't listen to...
You like how it's sperm?
I listen to the music because there's no new music down here in South Florida.
Amen.
The worst FM in the history of mankind isn't South Florida.
Yes.
The worst.
Bar none.
And why do you think that is?
A lot of bad programmers, I would think.
Clear channel.
Chief channel.
They started it.
Now, they didn't start it.
It was bad before they came along.
Then they just...
Then they took a bunch of formerly good stations like she and they destroyed them.
And like Cox broadcasting what they did with GTR and they turned into the coast.
So we have slush.
We have Michael Bolton and Gloria Stefan records on.
Which nobody...
Even those people don't want to hear it.
Wouldn't you just like to take all the bad programmers in a room,
like in the conference room down there?
Yes.
And put off...
Remember like in Godfather 3 in the scene in Lannich City in the casino?
Mm-hmm.
With a helicopter?
And turn it in.
Remember that?
Yeah, I don't remember much about the Revit, I remember that.
Are you just going to start...
You're just doing this to pacify George, knocking Godfather 3.
It wasn't.
It wasn't.
It wasn't.
It wasn't.
But there were some just tremendous truths in there.
The thing about the Vatican banking scandal and the poisoning of the Pope.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Nobody in the mainstream media suddenly wants to touch those with a hot poker.
No.
But the casting was a little weak.
The dialogue and the casting.
Maybe they should fear you.
Remember that scene Connie says Michael, now they will fear you.
Maybe they should fear you.
I mean, bringing back, repreasing lots of lines from the first two.
And usually none of them made any sense.
But nevertheless.
They can't all be...
You know, it's like the shows.
Like these radio shows.
They can't all be like me, for you know.
Right.
He's got a point three, by the way.
In the morning and in the book.
Wow, he went up.
Zero point three.
Anybody who's got a number that starts with a...
Oh!
...shouldn't be on the ear.
I could be wrong about that, but that's just my...
After 100 years in the business, that's my personal take.
Anybody who's got a number in any book that starts with a...
Oh!
...take him off now.
Take him, drag him out of there, kicking and screaming.
Oh, I snore!
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death.
The one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With Chiu Kanu's F-Don's arise.
The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Karolarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
Remember when we used to post a back in Caribbean?
Yeah, we ought to get a bundle of the fish, baby.
Dwight was a cooler.
Get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
Hmm.
For a badity like that.
I take somebody's car.
Get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
Get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
Whenever some bastard tries to steer my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Karolarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my portable bell.
You big M.F.
An old Jewish guy named Eisen Karolarm.
Now available at all, there's stories.
Okay, 185, 60WQM.
Happy Wednesday to it.
Man, the snow has come down up here like you wouldn't believe.
Just kiss the ground that you're there for this one day.
Rest of the days, spit on it.
And the ground too.
Oh, Jimmy Dwarisky is back again.
This is one of those guys.
And it's a butt-sucking email, so I'll read it.
Okay?
Okay.
Neil, I said I did that just for the other emailer who's counting the number of times I clear my throat and I do all that stuff and sneeze and stuff.
Obviously a big groupie.
Just don't fart.
Oh, I did.
Just a...
You can fart just so Joyce can't smell it.
And don't forget Joyce has a problem with penis and vagina.
Hmm.
What?
The word sort of the actual body parts.
Those were the exact words from your program director, Clarence Dero.
Joyce has a real problem with penis and vagina.
Those were the words from a allegedly living and breathing person who was an alleged program director.
Neil, God, please ask for me if being from Tampa himself, he's ever met or worked with Taj Mit and is he as big of a chicken-ock bastard as he seems on the year.
Yes.
Well, what does that mean?
I mean, I know what chicken-hawk means, but why?
I don't think he's a chicken-hawk, but he's an ass.
Is he really?
Yeah.
Now, who's he feuding with all the time? Is it Bubba?
Yeah, they hate each other.
And why is that? Can you tell us the background on that?
I don't know a whole lot, but they used to work together over there at J.Core.
And I think that they just slowly started to hate each other.
Really?
Yeah.
The Schmidt-Mister, who of course is Rush Jr.
A real Rush wannabe.
Oh, yeah.
All he needs to do is laugh, don't, don't, don't, don't do that.
And he'll, you know, he'll have it down to a science.
Yeah, they always got to do the start.
Pop and Pills.
They were both on 93-3 FLC together.
MJ and BJ were doing the mornings, and Bubba was on at night.
Mm-hmm.
I think we ought to start promoting the Bubba show because it's not a competition to us.
People who are going to listen to us are not going to listen to Bubba's love sponge,
but it's certainly a competition for Paul and Old Ron.
Oh, yeah.
And anything we can do to damage them that they haven't already done of themselves,
especially with all the material they've stolen from me over the years.
I mean, when Paul, when Castor Nova started doing the Toronto weather,
I thought that was just a little bit too much, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he used to get emails.
Hey, Neil, you forgot to give me the weather so I can talk about it tomorrow morning in Toronto.
What a ass.
Minus six right now.
It's going all the way up to minus three this afternoon.
Snow in like a son of a bitch.
20 to 30 centimeters of snow.
10 to 12 inches of snow today.
And it's just steady.
I'm looking there showing the highways on there now.
I want to tell you about it.
At least through this area.
We'll take a look through bathrooms.
And we'll take a look through Young Street.
Nothing could be done.
A finer than the stayoff of Spadina.
Well, wait till the afternoon rush starts in.
Then we're going to have a real jam up this afternoon.
We'll have a look through with Victoria Park.
You're saying you think you got, Sir? It's just wait.
Everybody seems to be making through okay.
And through Markham Road is...
Do you know that they opened a deli back at the time when we were on S.U.E.
and doing that week of shows over there in Tampa?
And we had the deli brought us in food.
Right?
And the deli stayed in business for, I don't know, a few months, I guess.
And I kept saying, how can a deli make an in-tempo where there's only goy-im?
I think you were probably the only G over there.
There's not many.
I mean, that is...
There's such a thing as goy-ish in heaven, or maybe goy-ish in hell would be a better in the stripping.
It's Tampa, which is why I find it bizarre that in a place that's so full of narrow-minded crackers red necks,
that they got all them strip joints over there, that we were talking about before.
Well, they had passed the law for a while that the dancers couldn't come within six feet of the clientele.
Right, that was in the story that I read.
But you weren't paying any attention, right?
A little bit.
I don't blame you.
And Redner was paying the fines. He didn't care.
And Mons' Wieners.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that was it. I mean, they tried to shut it down, but they couldn't.
Supply into man.
So all you people going over to Tampa for the Super Bowl this weekend, if you can't get a ticket for the game or get in on the inside,
just go to the strip clubs and have you a great time or just have you.
How many strip clubs are there?
In fact, it seems to me there's a place called the Del House.
Yes.
During the week that we were staying and we did the shows there from the S U N Studios when they were revamping the IOD Studios and the whole staff went over to Tampa.
The hotel we were at was right across the street from the Del House.
And that's when the goddess Randy went over there and was looking for some ducky, broad, whatever.
I don't think there was a good move on her part because you already had me on the out of the closet, Fag.
And I think that they tap audience starting.
Oh, this is a bunch of all Faggots from Miami Jew Faggots, you know, like that.
We say we're partially correct, but I mean, I think they over did it.
The goddess.
Not that I'm blaming her for our failure.
I just don't think it was the right market for what we were doing.
You know what I mean?
Probably not.
Now, blah, blah, blah, blah on the other hand.
He was legendary.
Do you know how we wound up at S U N?
No.
Having worked at F LA before that.
And then I guess he had one of their, you know, one of the several gigantic fall outs with them back when it was J. Corps.
Uh-huh.
And he left and he retired from the business and he and his wife moved to somewhere, Bumfork, Iowa, somewhere in Iowa.
And he was no longer in a business.
And so when they decided to simul cast, well, it was interesting the way that Cox Broadcasting did it because they announced to us,
oh, we're going to be simul casting you guys in Tampa on WSU and we thought, oh, that's great.
How much we getting paid for it?
Oh, we thought about that.
Yeah, it's true.
They tried to swindle us into going on the year in another market without giving us any more money.
And whatever the total amount was with some, I mean, like 200 bucks a week or some ridiculous token, you know, like pennies.
And so they were putting me on in midday and I guess fill in the afternoon and Randy at night.
And they didn't have a morning show.
I think I know what happened to Rick and Suds at that point.
But at any rate, so I said, last year was gigantic in this market on FLA, which he had been and I'm going to call him.
And I called, I had his number or got it from somebody and called him in Iowa and talked him in to come and back down to Florida.
Wow.
And that's how he wound up doing mornings on SUN.
Which after then he left and I went back to FLA, right?
I believe so.
And then had another big falling out there and then went to WLS in Chicago.
I can't keep track of it all.
You know, like we're all gypsies.
Everybody in this business is a gypsy like you.
Yeah, for sure.
Now where did you work before you worked on that station in Fort Myers?
Tampa.
I went Tampa for my ears down here.
Oh, boy, you talk about moving down the ladder.
Yeah.
Tampa to Fort Myers to QAM.
I mean, that is really a career disaster.
Thanks.
What?
I said thanks.
You're arguing with me about it?
No, I'm not.
You deny it?
I don't.
Tampa to Fort Myers to QAM.
I mean, QAM once upon a time it would have been like a big boost.
Miami, you know, like a real market.
But under the Joe Belrejeeam, I mean, you're like pretty much off the air at this point.
I know I sure am.
Well, the worst part is when I lost mornings to Bubba.
They actually offered me afternoon drives and I told him to stick it because I'm a morning guy.
That's a great move.
Well, Hank.
Yeah, exactly.
Now, you're yes, you never found anything about Hank falling asleep.
No, I think it got deleted.
Oh, here's one.
It says sounds like you're jealous of syphilis and that he caught a 76 yard touchdown from David Woodley,
which is the fifth longest in super bowl history and is sensitive when successful broadcast in career.
Right.
What's specifically about being an ex-jocque precludes one from being a good broadcaster?
No, nothing specifically.
There's like a Pat Someral who was a great sport broadcaster and a next jock.
But in most cases, like Frank Gifford, he was a great football player and a horrible broadcaster.
Horrendous, like Jimmy syphilis.
Frank says, I moved away from Florida five years ago back to Maryland.
I regret doing this because the winners appear are horrible.
I moved out of Florida because the employment market was bleak at best with no money to be made.
Why are you in Canada the worst time here?
Because I choose to be.
Because my choices are either being in Florida, my house or being here and I choose to be.
How's that, Frank?
Because I want to.
I could be in South Florida right now.
It would build a studio for me in my house.
I'm sure, right?
Everybody else in the station pretty much has got one.
Mm-hmm.
But I don't want to.
I don't want to.
And you know something, whether like I keep telling you, you get used to it and you dress for it.
Like at two o'clock, I got some chores I got to do and I'll do them.
Chores, you know what I mean?
Like actually putting on my clothes and putting on my heavy coat and going outside and doing crap.
What the fuck is that?
The best talent.
You don't have to.
How young is too young if you can spot the fat one?
Who's that man on in the morning?
Six to ten on S.U.N.
He's the guy the next time, Delaware's cry.
He likes to think he's number one, blah, blah.
He's bigger than the postblah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
Oh, fuck.
He plays the songs that make you sleepy.
He steals material from me.
He gives the time and the weather's looking fine.
His jobs have played the song again, blah, blah.
He's bigger than the postblah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
Let's make the sun, our sister station.
And bring the blob in here today.
And if the clap man could lose another kid.
He'd have more boring songs to play, blah, blah.
He's bigger than the postblah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
Blah, blah.
He's bigger than the postblah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
133 at QIM.
So, what Brandon says, I remember the story.
Brandon this and Brandon that and Brandon that.
Well, at least he knows what else is going on.
Bob went from Tampa to Chicago to Davenport, Iowa, and then back to Tampa.
And the show that you and he did together in Tampa is a classic.
The audio of the show is on his site.
With the dueling carts, the deli food, the bird-ropping buy.
And the opening was the best Bob tried to do a normal show open.
And he interrupt him to say how the hell can checkers be the number on burger in Tampa.
We had a lot of fun.
It was a fun week.
And the bird kept showing up every day.
And then last year, Captain Sistine, I mean, not that I had to do it,
but it was just he was insistent that I show up.
His show was like six to ten.
And I was going to do a little crossover with him, you know, from like 945 to 10.
And he kept insisting I show up like at eight in the morning.
So I was winding up doing six hours every day.
You following me or did you leave?
No, I'm following.
Oh, you don't seem too interested in that old SUN stuff.
No, I like it because I lived it.
You lived it?
I lived it too.
Yeah.
And then we did the appearance of that mall.
What the mall was that?
Which one?
What was it?
What?
What?
What's your?
I don't know what the name of it was.
But like 5,000 people showed up.
For me and Phil and Blabo and Randy.
I wonder where the hell Rick and Spud were at that time.
I just can't get my bearings on where the hell they were.
So Jimmy D says everyone who thinks the show sucks are failing to realize that they're still listening.
Change the channel if you don't like it.
You idiots, you simple things, you quizlings, you fairies.
You fairies.
Your show is the only thing I listen to on terrestrial.
Once more, once I'm done listening, I turn off the radio.
After I got sick of Howard and Bubba, shmitting all over their paying customers, I shut off my serious and have it listen since.
Do these colostomy bags also purposely eat food they don't like and then complain to the chef?
These guys should get a hobby like doing crossword puzzles, building model their plans or attempting suicide.
I like that last one Jimmy sounds good.
Forward their emails to the complaint department as most people call it, the trash bin.
Like that 80 page facts you got this morning about solving the economy, solving the all that crap.
Some of the stuff, well you'll see as time goes on once you take Georgia's job.
You'll see the stuff that comes in.
By the way, I fact you over the menu for the restaurant.
Yeah, thank you so much.
I put it right here in my point.
Looks really incredible for E. Corcini.
Thank you.
All kinds of pasta, soups, fabulous antiposti, E. Corcini.
That's our restaurant tomorrow, our meal.
50% off deal.
Oh, Bob.
Bob.
We have a fire alarm.
Yeah.
Is this a test or is this like a real one?
Of course, if we ever have a real one, we're making a difference anyhow.
At least it's not super annoying.
It's not what?
Super annoying.
No, it isn't to you because you're hearing it like through the door.
That's true.
I'll close the door in a second and you won't hear it probably at all but nevertheless.
Attention plays, your attention plays.
This is hysterical building management.
We have another phone call or else it's a test.
Beep beep beep.
This was supposed to be like tomorrow between 230 and 3 was what it said on the Abolitan board tomorrow.
I'm sure this must be their test.
Do you want me to close the door as an little ambiance to the show?
I think it's nice.
Is it?
No.
Beep.
Here's a great idea for your show as one of the chronics.
How about you and your sidekick pretended to be a subject and listeners will pretend to like it.
Beep beep beep.
Is that cute or what?
Do I detect a notice or a cast?
And then I'm going to close the door.
Okay.
Oh my god.
Stop all of it.
Can you hear it now?
Barely.
Just barely.
I hear it.
I heard plenty loud.
Beep beep beep.
Maybe that's for the, um, I'm your bitch guy.
Beep beep beep.
Yeah.
Maybe they've had an, uh, sound effect in the building for, uh, no extra charge.
Jane and dear for you.
Now that this goes to show you that there are people out there who just don't get it.
I mean, Jane's been listening a long time and she's wonderful and all that.
But she says, I think you should stay home today. It's way too snowy up there.
No, I'm not staying home.
I have stuff to do.
I have stuff I have to walk to do.
I'm not driving anywhere.
Your producer guy didn't get his name.
Flea asked if you paid your electric bill.
See what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
I hope so.
The news, uh, on the news they found an 82 year old W. W.
Two veteran frozen it at the Somino High.
First of all, the guy was 93 and it was in Michigan.
And I have paid my electric bill that it was a comment about Joe Rose and the way he says
those words, the electric bill without the first E. His power was cut off because he didn't
pay his bill.
What a country.
The guy was 93 and was Michigan.
We talked about yesterday.
Love Jane and dear Phil.
Thanks, Jane.
But boy, you're confused, honey.
She's confused.
A lot of pressure being in dear Phil.
I'm sure that.
887 on the pool.
We need 13 more for 900 today.
That would be a real feather in flea's cap.
Because we sure don't get no 900 when George does this show.
George is out sick today.
He'll be back tomorrow for the free food for me.
Corsini.
Vinyan Coconut Creek says, why the hell do people care where you live and broadcast from?
They shouldn't.
It's just an excuse to be negative.
Just as long as you continue to make his life and preach to all the religious lemmings
out there, can people just let you be for Christ's sake?
No.
I could care less if you did the show from undersea cave, although it sounds like it sometimes.
Just keep keeping it real.
Says Vinyan Coconut Creek.
Thanks, Vinyan.
And the alarm stopped.
And you notice they didn't say anything.
So what does that mean?
It means that who knows?
Do you think I care?
You think if they ever had like a real fire in this building, any of us would get out alive anyway?
I don't know.
I got like my t-shirt and my walking shorts on.
Do you think that I would end my slippers as little flippers?
Do you think that I would schlep down all the flights of stairs?
No.
To go outside in the freezing cold and snow and stand out there and wait and wait and wait.
Because you got to go outside to get back in the front of the building.
When you get to the bottom of the last floor when you go down the stairs,
because I've done it, you wind up outside.
And then you got to go around about about a half a block and come back in the entrance to the building.
That sucks.
So I'd rather die from smoke inhalation, something more pleasant like that, than going outside in this.
What the heck is this?
You got to point to it.
You don't have your new Rogers.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Can you best leave that foam to me?
I'll tell you one thing we sure learned a lot about Tampa Rated today,
whether we want to know it or not.
Thanks to Flea.
Yep.
Well, see, I didn't know about any of this crap.
What a tremendous insight Flea has brought to us.
He'll be back again tomorrow for the free food.
I hope.
You hope what?
I hope I get some free food.
You hope George is sick again tomorrow?
No, I just want the free food.
Oh.
That's what I thought.
Especially after the interview.
Marginally interesting one.
Nio, did you see Mickey Rook on Larry King last night?
No, I don't watch Larry King, and I certainly wouldn't watch Mickey Rook.
Seems like a great comeback story.
You imply that you don't like him, so you have some history with him?
No, I don't know him, and I don't want to know him.
He's a slime bucket.
Or at least he impresses me as such.
I don't want nothing to do with him.
I always see him around South Beach.
Flea probably sees him there, too, although not at the doose.
What is the doose?
Max is a doose bar.
It's a dial on South Beach.
Max is doose bar?
Yep.
What do you do there?
Doose?
Yep.
And drink.
Do you see Mickey Rook around?
No, but I've seen Lenny Kravitz in there.
No!
Woo!
Now you're talking.
Name dropper.
So you're auditioning, I can tell already.
No, you're auditioning, Lately.
Who's the biggest name dropper in the mall?
Hank Leroy King.
Or Flea.
Now did you ever read it, Joe Stone Kravitz?
Yes.
Because we talked about that yesterday.
And what's your take?
Overrated.
Good.
Oh!
Good, but overrated.
Really?
Yeah.
And you have to smear the matronate to get seated?
Oh, yeah.
You did?
I didn't, but you know I went with record guys who did.
Oh.
That guy makes six figures cash easy.
Brandon is back.
Again, Brandon, you got to cut it down.
Cut it down to at least 40, 50 times today.
This will be my last note for the day,
even though it's the end already.
The saddest moment and most real moment I've ever heard on your show
was the day you called up, lasted, or patched things up.
And after the time he was like on his deathbed.
That's why it was a nice little chat that you had.
It was really sad to hear Bob talk.
He could hit no energy.
He was dying.
And he barely could speak the words.
It was very sad.
So like I said, yeah, it was sad.
Let's not end on a sour down note.
Neil God, I left South Florida 20 years ago listening to you
slowly fade on my FM as I headed north on 95.
I rediscovered you on the internet about two years ago.
And you're still killing it.
Yeah, I'm killing it.
All right.
They're killing me.
I have a life and catch you when I can.
Keep up the good work.
Keep the teacher.
Keith.
PS Virginia's weather beats South Florida by a mile.
Virginia, I don't think I'd want to be in Virginia.
Would you?
Nope.
I'm trying to think of a state where I would want to live in.
I can't think of one.
Maybe Massachusetts.
If I could turn the clock back, I'd love to live in Boston again.
Like back when I was there in the early 60s.
Great.
Great city.
Wow.
Still a great city, but not like it was.
No places like it was.
898 in the pool.
We're going to do 900.
And Georgia's going to be really feeling bummed out when he finds out
we did 900 on the pool with flea here today.
Georgia's here.
We're lucky to get 100 votes.
We're lucky to get 20.
That was up 185, by the way, speaking of numbers.
Who's this, the White House spokesman now?
Was to ensure the safety of our defense.
Press spokesman will remove our combat brigades.
This guy is pasty and I don't know.
He doesn't seem like the kind of guy that Obama would put in there.
The responsibility and the opportunity for the Iraqis to do more.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
As I said to do this in a way.
I'll say that for him.
Not a bad piece.
The process began on the 21st as you guys know in the situation.
And today at the Pentagon, I think there will be at least one more meeting.
I'm doing that extra love for that one guy.
The fire alarm stopped and they never even made an announcement.
They never said, oh, sorry.
This was a false alarm or always screwed up or the world is coming to an end or anything.
It just went.
I really think they did that for the.
You're my bitch guy.
They're trying to find some sound effects for the show now.
That last break.
Check it for me is four minutes, right?
Yes, it is.
Because lately what they've been doing for some strange reason.
They've been overselling and they've had like an extra, either an extra promo or an extra spot in there.
And then when I try to back time the show, it's like, oh gee, I got to change the thing all of a sudden because I realized we got an extra spot.
That is not my log.
That would be a promo and I've made sure that it doesn't go into that stop set anymore.
Ever dump the promo for this homo.
Will you please done and we don't want to hear it no more.
Oh, here you go.
It says Schmidt is lucky.
He's not up against you.
Wish Veezy would buy a station to hear and put you back on.
Trust me.
You are missed here.
So would the locals say, well, if I'm so missed there, how come our numbers were so weak in Tampa?
All of us.
In the beginning, it looked like we were going to make an impact there and then that was the end of that.
To flee, wife and I went to a few 98 crock appearances, never got a t-shirt.
Always seemed to have just run out.
Got a crap load of front tags and stickers still.
Scott and Pinellas Park.
How do you like that?
Some of your old listeners.
Ooh, in Pinellas Park.
You're my bitches back.
Slurp, slurp.
You know what that was?
That was the sound of all the ass sucking going on here today from your e-mailers.
Jesus, this is all butt sucking radio.
How can these idiots breathe with their heads rammed so far up your ass?
They like the aroma.
Change the station, you say, Jimmy.
Please tell me, Schmidt for Brains.
Change it to what?
Which one of the other two English stations?
Fat moron, rush or more sports?
You're an idiot.
You should just shut up.
You're just trying to get your crap read on the air so you can get your jollies off.
No, Neil.
Not your jollies off.
Baaah!
Baaah!
Says, uh, you're my bitch.
902 on the pole.
Oh!
We done it.
Thanks to, uh, please help.
Aren't you proud?
Yeah, now Joyce is killing George.
Is she, did she pass yours like he was laying flat out, which he probably is today?
122 to 104.
What would your critique of, uh, B, if Neil allowed it on the air?
I still don't like that last part of it.
And Charlie, he'd never apologize.
He doesn't realize how stupid that sound.
If I allowed it on the air.
Like, I only read ass sucking comments like, like,
I just read that, that other one from your my bitch.
I read them all pretty much.
No complaints to end of 35, but that dropped to 37%.
Too much censorship, too much Joyce 122.
Well, that's the reason the other one dropped is because we put that on late and it went zooming up there.
George 104.
You're right.
George, George got passed by Joyce like he was in a coma.
The repeating stream archive, uh, live commercials 87.
Not enough calls 75.
Too bad didn't take any of the day.
Did we?
I'm your friend.
There you go.
Neil's not in Miami 64.
Neil's mailing it in 43.
Too many fake emailers 32.
Too much slots talk 17.
Oh, I sure must have 17 to quarter.
Shot guy not the quarter.
Shot guy eating on the year 16 and too much food talk only seven.
So if you go from the bottom, we ought to have more food talk and more eating on the air.
And a lot more slot talk.
When a guy from Gulf, he was a good guy.
What was his name that the Italian guy?
Don't remember that George was making fun of when he talked him last Friday.
I should have asked him about some of the intricacies.
Nobody will ever tell you, you know, because I think they'll get killed if they tell you the real story.
About the way that they program them and shut them down and put them on slow cook.
And you're like feeding it's like taking the money and putting into it like a waste basket.
Beating, feeding, feeding, feeding, feeding.
It's day, oh my every tell.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
At 5.6.0 WQ.A.L.
Oh, oh.
I like Bill Clinton and Saadi Doritos.
My fingers turn orange when I eat that Cheetos.
I don't like Bruno Trump and Mary Juice.
They make me feel funny in the anus.
So we're filling.
I like the women who have their small buses.
I don't like the father and son George Bush's.
I pass time by watching the Brady Bonds while eating the Kellogg's Raisin Grand Crunch.
I use the Irish spring, I love the ladder.
My favorite newsman was honest and rather.
I wash my hands with hokey baby wives.
I hope they make play for with Wesley Snipes.
My life's crappy, I'm not happy.
Killing such a pain.
One day I'll get out and we'll be back in charge.
I am so down.
Who say?
How you doing?
Better than me I bet.
This process or person thing, but.
I do my best and I'm talking about.
Getting a clean pair of undies is my goal.
This place is worse than that filthy spider hole.
I'm as emailing my good friends on hand.
We used to I am sometimes until 10.
I do my laundry and give the guards advice.
I save my beard, touch the thing, wash fall off lights.
I'm not as pretty as I used to be.
I'm as watching out judge here on TV.
Oh, it's the chosen of chill.
But this is my life now until my trial.
Looking like hell smelling like a poop pile.
Don't have my snare master or my free weight.
I miss my hair a minute, my golden age.
My life's crappy, I'm not happy.
Killing such a pain.
But one day I'll get out and we'll be back in charge.
I am so dumb.
Oh, who say?
I am so dumb.
Bye, bye, bye.
