560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 56070560 in
Dade and Broward. In other counties called toll free 877785 Neil or pound 560
on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones. The opinions expressed by Neil, his
guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management, staff or
sponsors. Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
Do you have to take your daughter, Sissy, the new Jonas Brothers movie?
I got the Jonas Brothers!
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a
sleek mask so you don't have to watch. Your blood so you don't have to hear and a
sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work.
Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. You can make it. The film is only 76 minutes long.
I got the Jonas Brothers!
Give me those earplugs!
Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers!
And the sign I...
Oh my god, the Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit.
It's too late for me to save yourselves!
Well, here we are. Today feels like Friday. I have no idea why.
So if not, I'm not hearing tomorrow. It's because I think today's Friday.
Uh-oh.
Doesn't today feel like Friday New Year's it just me?
It feels weird, yeah.
Does it?
Mm-hmm.
Your little low. Is it me or is it your level? I don't know.
How about that?
That's a little better.
Okay.
Crank it up. Crank up the flea.
Okay, here's the poll result for me. I said 990 votes.
I bet if I left it on there a little bit longer, we'd have had 1000, but big deal.
Who cares? Who's counting?
Other than Godfather, all the movies near loves, which one do you like the best?
Network 191.
I'm really shocked. I'm pleased, but I'm shocked because there's so many people, you know.
Oh, that's so boring.
I'm as loud as hell! I look like a beast as any monster!
Clock records 160, even though I'm not a student of the movie.
Lengory Glen Ross.
You're fair, Rick!
140. Deliverance 110.
I hate them all 100 and 8.
They're right there, and that vote is the epitome of what's wrong with South Florida.
Baa-baa.
I hate them all 100 and 8. How could anybody hate all the movies on this list?
Can you explain that to me?
No, I cannot.
Rekweum for Dream 55.
I haven't seen any of these movies.
51. 5% of the audience hasn't seen any of the movies on this list.
That's amazing.
That's even more grotesque than I hate them all.
I hate you, expect.
Fatso 44. The Exorcist 38. Dracula 28.
Magnolia 23. Christine 14.
The hospital 12. The tale that Mr. Ripley 8.
Imaginary Heroes 5 and the Covenant 3.
51 people say they haven't seen any of these movies.
I thought we had a bunch of movie buffs out there.
They don't. They don't know for movies.
And today's poll were resurrecting an oldie but goodie.
I'm bringing back a lot of old polls now for the foreseeable future because all of our poll mice do is are out of material, I guess.
Charlie B's got no new polls and Sean from Hollywood nothing new and there's nothing on there on the outlook expressed no new polls that I would use.
I mean, there's been a few in there that are just idiotic.
So today I'm bringing it back one. We've done a few times and I've got the old list.
Now these people, how could you do this? Now could you leave a...
This isn't my opinion. This isn't my taste. This is the list that I faxed to Eric.
Was from the last time we did this poll about 100 years ago.
The best male singer of all time is and this list was compiled by what the audience wanted on there.
That's a dominant.
Anyone vote so far. Now let's see, you have to add a couple.
Frank Sinatra somebody says Scott. Scott must be a hundred years old and have bad taste.
Frank Sinatra.
Oh, he'll get some vote. You got it?
Yeah, I'll take care of that.
Demzzi says if Neil Sedac and Bob Segeron list surely can squeeze David Bowie in there.
He may not be your cup of tea. This poll has nothing to do with my cup of tea, okay?
And for any, for good measure, what about George's favorite other than Freddie Prince or Freddie Mercury?
Roger Whitaker. No.
I haven't heard any more from George of you. I thought we were getting a daily report, but I guess there's nothing new.
No, I haven't heard anything. Really?
Come on, George. Give us an update report. Requiring minds want to know.
So Frank Sinatra and David Bowie you're putting on there.
Got it. Oh, it also, Linda says, please add Justin Hayward from the Moody Blues.
Okay. Okay. Justin Hayward.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know the Moody Blues, but if you would have said to me, hey, Justin Hayward, I don't know who that is.
No.
And I probably not too many people. I bet you a few people know Eddie Hayward, the pianist,
member of Soft Summer Breeze by Eddie Hayward.
No.
You don't?
If you had the music library there, if you had it all cranked up, you could probably play a couple of notes.
Sir, don't do it.
By the way, there's a word that's coming to mind. I had a really, see, I can't talk to you off the air
and I don't want to call you and bug you off the air, but somebody sent me a really, really fascinating email
yesterday afternoon about the new rating system and about encoding and this and that.
And it raised some real questions in my mind, but nevertheless, we'll talk about it one day when we get our new studio
toward the end of next week or whatever month that happens. That's right.
The real pain coming here and a sit here to the sounds of silence or really the sounds of Joe show,
which I realized I'm not a sports nerd, but I mean jerk, jerk street.
That wasn't bad enough. And then this boxing guy, who was that guy he had on the end?
Oh my God. He's a welterweight boxer.
Wow.
The doubt is up a point and a half, not much. Not much going on there.
The best male singer of all time, Freddie Mercury 67.
Elvis Presley 33. You got to be kidding me.
Roy Orbison 27. Roy actually won this last time we did this poll a long time ago.
I sure hope that doesn't happen again.
I mean, I like where Orbison just fine, but he seemed the best male singer of all time, not even close.
Marvin Gaye 24, Elton John 20, Johnny Mattress 16, Jim Morrison 16, Paul McCartney 14, Billy Joel 10.
That's an infomnia. Michael Jackson 9, Burton Cummings 8, Luis Miguel 7, Stevie Tyler 6, Dion 5, John Lennon 5,
Jay Black from J. and Americans 3. That's why I voted for.
BJ Thomas 3, Bob Seger 3, Gene Pitney 3, Paul Simon 2, Rod Stewart's got up here.
I don't want to see him. Frank Sinatra got one must be the guy that sent that in.
Neil Sedacca 1, Rick Nelson 1, David Bowie Nun and Fats Domino Nun out of 286.
That's an infomnia. Fats Domino don't have any.
I kind of laughed that he was on the list though.
He what? I kind of laughed that he was on the list actually.
Why is that? He got seven votes at first time.
I think he's a good performer. I wouldn't call him a great singer.
Oh.
Okay, whatever you say. I don't agree with you. I used to buy all the Fats Domino records when I was a little kid.
The Fat Man and Twan Fats Domino.
Well, I was sure worried during Katrina Man. They were like looking for him.
He was wandering all around. He was walking in New Orleans or something like that.
I don't know. Guess who died? Who?
Somebody who was a guest on my show way back in the day when I used to do boring guest.
Guests are ponderous, man. Guests are just awful.
Not of course, jerk, jerk street, but to me, guests are just horrible.
Father John's used spiritual leader of the Haitian Americans died.
You ever hear of him? No.
He was a real Ojoan provocateur. Him and his buddy, Ira Kursban, had him both on my show back in the day.
Father Gerard John Jews, the Roman Catholic priest, whose passionate relentless 30-year human rights crusade,
on behalf of his fellow Haitians, cast him as their spiritual and political leader in South Florida has died.
John Jews was a liberation theologist.
Whatever that means. Controversial in both the U.S. and his homeland, he battled the unequal treatment of Haitian refugees
in the federal courts in Miami streets and in the media.
He suffered a stroke recently according to Ira Kursban, the Miami attorney who represented John Jews'
Haitian refugee center in several lawsuits against the U.S. government, died Wednesday at Jackson Memorial. He was 62.
Yesterday, his death apparently was unrelated to the leukemia the Jackson doctors treated three years ago.
Kursban said the Haitian American community has lost a visionary and a central figure who helped to establish the Haitian community in South Florida.
They lost a friend whose arms and heart were always open.
Gerard John Jews, he's dead.
I wonder how many other guests I had on back in the day when I used to do boring guests? I wonder how many of them have died? Like Holy Joe.
Some of those old parts. I mean, they were old back then 30-some years ago. They must be pushing up daisies now.
Why do they say there's another expression? Why do they say pushing up daisies? I don't know.
Oh, the daisies down 21 point. Oh, it took a sudden turn.
Jane Randolph is dead too.
Not Jay Randolph. Remember, Jay Randolph was on the Marlon Games for a while. He's awful.
Oh, you don't like anybody. I'll tell you he's not as bad though as the guy that got doing it now though. What's his name? Rich Waltz? Oh my God.
It still sounds like a little kid. Yeah. He is just embarrassing.
I mean, this is a market that had Rick Weaver once upon a time. And Joe Angel.
And now we got Jimmy Cifalitic and we got Rich Waltz, Randy Reddeer, a silly-ass molar, Gildi.
Oh my God. The people doing play by play in this market.
Jane Randolph, a B movie actress in the 1940s, was best known for her role in the movie Cat People,
died May 4th in Gishtat, Switzerland. After surgery on a broken hip her daughter announced she was 93.
I've never been to Switzerland. Oh, I did go to Mohawk yesterday for 20 minutes and I got out of there.
He didn't like it. Didn't I hated it? I called my cabbie. He waits for me in the parking lot. I called him up.
I said, pick me up at the front door. I'll be there in two minutes. Let's go to Woodbuy.
And we did. I lost there too, but at least I knew what I was losing. You know what I mean?
Mohawk. It's way out in the middle of nowhere. It's in a place called Yenem'sville, Campbellville, way way out on the 401.
And it's like in a farm country and there's a bunch of old farmers there. At least there weren't any smelly Chinese money.
They didn't have the ethnic flavor of Woodbuy. You know what I mean by ethnic flavor? Yes.
The ethnic folks who come on the bus. But I would never go back there. Just I mean, you know, it's a little place.
I got a story about the psychology of slot machines going for broke. I'm going to get to that momentarily and some of you might find it amusing.
And some of you might not. I don't know if it's compelling or not.
To be honest with you, I don't know from compelling anymore. I do know from what was that word I was using before. Oh, encoding.
I want you to stop and think about that. Maybe I'll fax you this. Now I'll wait. Okay.
I'll wait to the next week. Then we'll discuss it off the air. Jane Randolph is dead under contract to archaeopictures 1942.
She was cast as Alice Moore, the young woman terrorized during an alternate swim and cat people.
The first of producer Val Luton's horror films. I never heard of Val Luton. I never heard of the cat people.
The view and I never heard of Jane Randolph. Nope. The scene of her becoming trapped in an indoor swimming pool by an ominous,
feline creature whose iri presence was suggested rather than revealed on screen is one of cinema's indelibly suspenseful scenes.
Alan K. Rodeo, writer and film historian, told the Times. Randolph reprise the character two years later in the 1944 sequel.
Curse of the cat people. Curse's she played vulnerable victims in conniving fatals with equal panache and a clutch of something and fantasy.
B pictures. Noir and fantasy. Oh boy. Between 19 one thing about movie so called self-proclaimed movie experts. They're all pseudo intellectual idiots as clowns.
Do you think? Yeah. And by watching movie, I want to be entertained. I want to be amused and entertained. You know something. Right.
I don't watch it so I can critique it. Oh. By the way, pushing up daisies was first using a book in nineteen 1842.
And that's where it comes from. Daisy. Yeah. Yeah. Toes facing the daisies or something like that was used in a book. And that's where the phrase came from. Toes facing the daisies. Yep.
Why sure if they don't bury me face down. No, that'd be bad. I guess. I doesn't really make any difference. Right. No cares.
Anyway, she's a dead. This is a broad Jane Randolph. She did this. She did that three weeks after wrapping up her roles in insurance investigator in 1948 film,
Edmonton, Castellan, me. Frankenstein. She married Jamie Dillamo. He would help develop the Delamo shopping center on family land in Torrance, California.
The company spent most of their time in Spain. Most recently Randolph lived in a chalet in Switzerland, kept a home in LA.
Well, good. Good. Good. He gum. Never heard of it. She's dead. That's a shame. That's really a shame. Poor Jane.
How old doesn't say how old she was. Did it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Eight to nine high school gridiron report and then at nine o'clock we got the magic at the calves and we got NBA hoops at nine. You went to that? No, I really asked it. I'm not either.
Neo Rogers got
the black magic
with
I need a flag magic marker, my eyes are so bad I can't see
Keep the cap on it baby, the cap keeps it from fading
Don't lose the cap boy baby, it keeps the moisture in the ink
I like it dress so that maybe I can hug the broken marker scene
Can I teen at 560 WQA? I'm happy Thursday to you
Boy you realize it's almost a little, a little, a little, a primero day, who knew?
What? It's almost the first of June, wow, I'm
Was speaking of that, tomorrow I'm going to, I guess I'll send it to you
The talent for me, we got these talent sheets
I mean you sent me that directory of those numbers but I can't read a lot of the numbers
There's like a blank space down through the third number on the whole sheet
Don't send them again though, okay, I'm not really sure where to send it
Anyway, so I'll just send it to you and you can walk it over to a dev or whoever's in accounting these days
Yeah, that'd be dead
Mike says don't bring up Kirk Jerk Street too much, you'll get that Jerk Street email guy all heated up
That guy's the biggest loser I see him from time to time at a bar off 17th street in Fort Lauderdale
He knows I listen to you so when he's drunk he comes up to me and says hey buddy, you know I'm the Kirk Jerk Street and lover guy
God, get a life says Mike, have a great show, thank you
Yeah, I got a guy that's obsessed with Jerk Jerk Street and sends me emails about him all the time
At least that one Jerk is on our station
Is it Clarence?
Could be
Wouldn't surprise me, Clarence must be the only a big fan of Jerk Jerk Street and Drew Rosenstein crants
PR Ralph has an update on Al Goldstein
I don't know where this is from, I see the New York Post
Many of Long accused Al Goldstein of having a screw loose
Now it turns out the poorly porn potentate who ran a defunct smut rag screw magazine
It was infamous for his tie raids on cable TV
Has been living in the psych ward of the Veterans Administration Hospital on East 23rd Street
For 43 weeks I've been living with crackheads and homeless people
He told the post Lucas Alpert Goldstein 73 said he ended up there against his will last October
After feigning from taking too much ambience
I'm diabetic, I got off balance he explained
Frense Goldstein was threatening suicide prior to the episode in Need's Help
He says his last wife is sixth and more than 40 years younger
Only married him for a green card and left once he got it
But he claims he's still looking for love
I like to find an old woman whose husband died and I could be her boy toy
Oh God
A lot of things I can think of Al Goldstein as but being anybody's boy toy
Oh boy
I think that ambience kicking in again now
Get some help
Ever meet Al Goldstein?
Never had the privilege
He's really a great guy, he's misunderstood I would say
He's misunderstood
I'm a fat Jew
He's a lot of fun, he's funny
But in his case a little bit goes a long way you know what I mean by that?
He's always on
He's always Al Goldstein
Tim says I think the reason that young punk remember what I told you
And coding
When you're thinking about ratings, thinking about encoding
Thinking about the possibilities that exist there
I'm not looking to make an excuse but there's got to be some explanation
For this scandal that's going on there
When you call it scandalous?
Yeah
No, it's odd
But not scandalous?
Could be
Could be scandalous
Oh Campbell Brown is back on scene and what a shame
Anyway Tim says I think the reason young punk's don't like network is that they don't get the irony of it
It's just about everything in the movies come true
Right
No, it just doesn't have the special effects in the bells and whistles and stuff
Well we're in an ADD society now so you got to do the messaging five seconds or they can't get to you now
That's right, you've got to be compelling
Everything you say has to be compelling
That's what your buddy Fat-ass buddy, a jolly Joe told me the other day
When he called and went
I still don't understand what the big deal is about that studio
There's a lot you don't understand jolly Joe most of it has to do with broadcasting
Also for best male singer Tim says I'd add your pal Brian Wilson in the 60s only and maybe Jimmy Scott maybe
I don't think so on Jimmy Scott
Brian Wilson? No not the best sit male singer ever
You think?
No he wouldn't get my vote
No
I mean that would be like putting Frankie Valley on there
I thought I didn't look the four seasons but Frankie Valley was not the best male singer
I think he was the best male singer any of the was Brian Wilson
I wonder if he's got a new album out Brian
You like it?
I love it
Ronnie Van Zad of Leonard Skinnerd says, uh, Clem from Tennessee
Listening from your favorite state Tennessee
I guess the streaming is fine we don't have any extra technical problems today
The encoding might be a little bit off
Now how would I go about investigating that?
Which part?
The encoding situation
I'm not sure I guess start with the essence
We can't talk much about that technology for whatever reason
No I'm not sure about that
Do you have any idea why?
No I don't
I mean we were always free to talk about arbitrarion and the dire reason people would
People would call in or in this case facts, email, something
And say hey Neil we got the four dire reason my house and we're gonna listen to you all the time
Are you like that they would say I haven't gotten anybody that's emailed me yet and said oh yeah
I'm involved in the new arbitrarion technology
Right and there's another part of the technology that I don't understand
That's not the technologies the way they use it
Because if you're an online listener
You don't get counted as much as an on-air listener
Which makes no sense to me you're still listening to the station
What's the difference how you receive in the station?
No supposedly it's all the same
No it's not it's weighted differently
You get less for online listening yeah definitely
Why is that?
That's my question
What differences make it they're listening on their pop-up toaster if they're listening they're listening?
Exactly
Well what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
Cominista
Very jackass is my sources are hearing Sid Rosenberg will start on WQM September 26th
Word is he'll be taking the two to four slot
When you hear this you're gonna plots
I already did twice today so
No word on WQM's plans for Orlando Alza query
My sources tell me Jimmy Cifalus has made a request to the Dolphin Front Office
To have Orlando remove from the game day Dolphin broadcasts
I'm hearing that Howard Davis and Steve White would be interested in Orlando for seven-nighter the ticket
Jimmy Cifalus made a request him and the big old boy
Hate each other like poison I guess huh?
Sure seems like it
Wow
And the meantime Jimmy's the one they ought to be shoving off of there
Get him off putting real play by playground he's the bill's in for back
He's horrible
Who is Cifalus is terrible no kidding
Nice guy terrible play by play by the guy
He's always been nice to me so
He was to me two years a hundred years ago till he turned on me
Till he became a famous broadcaster
Till he became a right-wing ultra Nazi broadcaster on cheap channel
So anyway the award is that toast is your contact over there
I know toast but he's not my contact
I'm not gonna give up my source you know
How about Frutata?
I know omelet
What? I know omelet
Yeah and he's like up in Connecticut or something like that now
He's your source?
No he's not my source
Omelet is free source
See Johnny Dolan if he don't stop making those fake emails with Paul Castron over his signature on him
He's gonna get himself in deep crap over there he can be sure that
Because one thing about cheap channel from what I hear and you work for them is they don't they don't put up with a lot of crap
No not at all as a matter of fact they put out a memo when I was working here that anybody that called it cheap channel within the building was gonna be fired on the spot
There you go
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation
Beach Boy Bryan Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition
Thanks for granting us this interview Bryan
Bryan do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Let's do this now
Show you what I mean here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beach Boy recording session
Hey man, did you like it?
Yeah, you too
I'm gonna keep you
My ears
Man, okay, okay wait wait wait wait listen
Do you like it?
Oh that's very nice Bryan
Do you like it?
Well it's a little hard to dance too
Do you like it?
Yeah very very nice Bryan
The Bryan Wilson collection of burned out compositions
Do you like it?
Oh yeah, I'm sorry
Mastered copy of Elable now on eBay
Do you like it?
Well I've got to be going it
Do you like it?
Seems to me Bryan is a waddling, a walking, talking ad for drugs
He's the only one of the brothers still alive
Dennis Brown, Carl is dead from fat I guess
And the Bryan still alive
With all the drugs he did, didn't you think he'd be the first one to go?
Yeah, you would think so but
And supposedly Dennis was an expert surfer and swimmer and all these things you know that was their whole thing of surfer you know
Right
Surfer guys
But Dennis Brown
Oh somebody with a phone number and no name says happy Shavuas it's tonight
Happy Shavuas everybody to all the Yiddla Khat there both of you
That's the problem with South Florida now it's a change so much
All the Jews got pushed out all the Goya moved in that's the problem
That's why we got in the audience left
On speaking of rumors and speaking of George where's that one from here it is Barry
Barry's just out of control again today
Barry Jackass you know
Mm-hmm
The Battle of Astrid Show will be at the Cleveland or on South Beach Friday night starting at 8 p.m
George is invited it says
I wouldn't have read that other than the fact that's got George involved in it
Ward is Howard Davis and Steve White are looking to see if George can fill a similar role in the morning to what Mark Hock-Hockman does on the Battle of Astrid Show
Exactly to produce and create a force behind the show this must be from the real Mark Hock-Hockman
Because that's all they talk about is over across the street
They want to see what chemistry George has with the others and if it can be translated on air
Wow
So that's tomorrow night
At the Cleveland or on South Beach
George is going to be joining a bunch of
Who falls from across the street
Yeah they dumped about George they dumped about $40 million into the Cleveland today's reddit
And it's nice
You know that used to be like a real dump
Yeah
It's nice now for you to hang out there all the time at the Cleveland
It didn't either that was one of his sponsors the Cleveland runs on South Beach
Really?
Back in the days when they had all those ACLFs and all the all the old entities used to sit out there on the sidewalk
And the launchers kind of like in Requiem for a dream
Oh hi Harry, here's Harry
Hi Harry
Is that sad?
Yeah
But that's what South Beach used to be before they brought all the art deco in and then all the clubs
Oh yeah you could see the scenes from Scarface
Yeah
Timises, forgot to mention if you'd like to tell that Mr. Ripley
You may want to check out the five original novels by Patricia Heismuth
Tell that Mr. Ripley was first
Sardonic for a smart and hilarious I don't read books I don't have time to read books
Do you read books?
Yeah I do
I used to read a lot I don't read anymore
And there's some people out there saying oh well it shows it shows
You need to do more reading be more well-rounded Rodgers
Yeah, screw you
And did you know another one of the books in the series that says it was made into a movie?
Yeah
The best one I'd say there were actually a few but the best one starred John Malkovich
I couldn't believe it either but Ripley's game was quite good
Not as faggy as the first one but it took place in Italy and it was fantastic
And Timises I liked it anyway, check it out, Ripley's game
Now what's the pretty good movie last night called Donkey Punch
Never who never heard of it it's like an independent British film it's actually really good
Donkey Munch?
Donkey Punch
Oh yeah and what's it about?
Well I don't want to give away the whole plot but basically these guys a couple of girls and guys gone on boat and and horror and soos
Horror?
Yeah
It's a horror movie
Not really a horror movie but there's some violent scenes in it for sure
But there's some horrors in it?
There's horrors in it for sure
Marx says don't know if anybody's said he had put a bit about David Clayton Thomas of Blood Sweat and Tears
Sure for the list David Clayton Thomas get him on there please
Best male singer of all time
Here's some goofball again with the initials and a number not even a phone number just initials
Can you people I mean I know it's asking a lot but can't you just make up a phone in the name like Ed or Sam or Saul or
Moishi something
For Vince like Shamwavins
It just it just would add like a more personal touch as opposed to saying well here's one from Dp9146
You know which is what this one is
Am I right?
Yeah
Oh wait what till I find let me find the one about the phone calls I'll find that
Give me a stir
Oh what are the calls coming back you said you if you could
Well we can't
Not yet
At the present time we don't we are technologically handicraft
We've got a lot of here it is
I'll get back to the other one in the second mark Matt Miami says I heard you say the other day you couldn't wait to take phone calls
Oh you couldn't take phone calls if you wanted to how much longer do we the listeners have to wait how much longer do we have to wait
Isn't that priceless?
We will all be dead one day
That's really else are good but they need a break already I really miss some of the classic colors like and it says does the Lucy Lopez Milky Way quarter slot guy or
Rating guy still listen to or email your show how to hello I know
How do I know if they listen first of all Lucy Lopez was not a listener she was she's still over there at power
Yes she is she's at power 96 in Georgia so schlepper on the show when he was doing the show
Right
And the quarter slot guy if I ever hear from him never hear from him again will be much too soon
He has nothing to say
So I can't stand the I'm your friend guy he ruins it for all the good colors you have and who are though who are they?
Please reconsider taking calls mix them in with the emails I'm not trying to tell you how to do your show just an idea Neil says Matt and Miami
I will do that if we ever get the technology if we get the phone fixed if we get the dots back
Lots of things that don't work but you know what Jolly Joseph's it's a lot easier to critique engineering than actually get the job done
Well that's obvious because boy when it comes to this show the right much getting done
Am I right?
Pretty much now if you looked in that studio that supposedly going to be our studio what's what's lacking in there so far?
It's hard to tell by just looking at it because by the eye it looks like it's ready to go but I'm assuming there's things missing that I can't see
And they haven't worked on it the last two days because they've been in the old building getting that one ready to go
Oh I know that that's priority number one and the power is priority number two and anything else that comes along is priority number three four five and through a hundred
And then we're after that
Anyway, this one email says is holy Joe you mentioned the same one of preach to the surface and South Beach in the sixties that is correct holy Joe
He used to waddle around with his Bible and he was a real goofball
I used to just rip him to sphyloreans make a monkey out of him on here
And after after I finished with him then Craig Worthing started putting him on his show holy Joe holy Joe wait a minute holy Joe
Those are the days man totally different world of radio
Can you put Paul Rogers on black he wants to know you want to put Paul Rogers on the list?
Yes sir sure why not bad company bad company Paul Rogers he's good
Carries is how can not have the greatest singer of all time on your list Roger Dahltree oh my god are you kidding me?
Put him on there get the carry up to the up to snuff
359 votes on the pool we're getting there we had a thousand and twenty six the first time we've done it
I'm not sure if that was on a weekday or a weekend or whatever
Just just point a reference you know what I mean?
Since we're desperately floundering around trying to find out if we have any audience left at all
Especially with this new arbitrarian technology that claims that we've got a 0.00 or whatever it is
8 millions of 1% of audience
They just all died March 31 the whole audience died moved away tuned out
You believe it? No, he's as anybody else
But I'm sure that this company is working feverishly to get this straightened out because jolly jose is he called the people at arbitrarian when this April number came out
And said if I was Bruce Beasley I wouldn't pay for one of these two ratings either the winner booker or this April crap
Right
How can you have a 6.7 over a three month period and then all of a sudden you got a 0.2?
A 0.2? What's the point?
I say we just don't show up and they keep paying us that's what I say and we still can get a 0.2
What do you think works for me?
So tonight is your voice does that mean I have tomorrow off? I told you it felt like Friday to me today
See?
Oh, Neil, my queen! God!
Prom Tuxedo rental $75
Dinner at a downtown 5 star restaurant $200
4 hour limousine rental for your prom party $765
Getting laid on prom night?
Priceless
There are some things that money can't buy but for everything else there's Maxter card
Play on play us
Maxter card, did you hear that?
Oh yeah
You hear it? I heard it
He said Maxter card
14 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM
And this is a shot at you I guess it says why does everyone think more money equals better?
Cleveland or was great now it's lost its personality it's just a shiny tourist trap
Okay, so somebody with a phone number and no name
What was it before?
What do you mean what was it before?
It was just an old dumpy place
Well sometimes old dumpy places have personality and then when they just make it into a shiny tourist trap
It's like all the other shiny tourist traps
It has no individuality it's kind of like the casinos in Vegas
I mean as much as I used to love Vegas one thing I always said and it's true
They could drop you they could blindfold you and take you into the middle of the casino floor in any casino in Vegas
And for the most part there were maybe one or two exceptions
For the most part you wouldn't have any idea when you opened your eyes which one you were in right?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, except for maybe the Mirage I would guess
And maybe what's the one with all the art?
Hmm, not sure
Well whatever the Bellagio
That's it
Okay
Good guess you've been in the Bellagio?
I have they have a restaurant there called Picasso's which is amazing and they have five original Picasso's in it
I used to have a restaurant in the Trappocanicaald Rhapsody for that place was just awesome and now it's gone
Well long gone many years
That's a shame
What?
That's a shame
It is a shame and in the MGM they got a restaurant what the hell's the guy that makes the frozen pizza?
The Jornal?
No not the Jornal
Come on
He's got all these Italian joints all over the place just awful awful
And it's kind of like the Grand Lux of Vegas to give you a gigantic portions just enough food for an army and it's just awful stuff
It's in the MGM you could Google the MGM grand and see the restaurants in there you'll find it if it's still open
Right when you see the name you say oh yeah, I know that and so will I
Here's one from RB it says a few days ago you were saying how much you like Lee Strasbourg I like him too
I said I liked him and Godfather too
Have you seen going in style with his co-stars Art Carney and George Burns? No and in 79 he made a small film called Boardwalk with Ruth Gordon about an elderly couple in Coney Island who refused to leave their
Cramberton neighborhood well worth your time if you can find it somewhere
And as for recent films if you've seen the visitors starring Richard Jenkins very good when the last year's best love the show how to George James crystal radio as the Antichrist says Ron from Boka thank you Ron
You find MGM yeah, I'm on the site right now
Very famous
Attempt and Crab
The money's on the table. Oh, no, I have a partner. Oh, no, I have a partner
He was good that kid's name was no green
This was a great man
Man of vision and guts and there isn't even a plaque or a sign post or a statue of him in that time well someone
Put a bullet through his eye
No one knows who gave the order
When I heard it wasn't angry I knew more I knew he was had strong talking loud saying stupid things
So when he turned up dead I let it go and I said to myself
This is the business we've chosen I didn't ask
Okay, the order because it had nothing to do with business he was great the only restaurants
I see that I recognize at the MGM or the Rainforest Cafe and emeralds
So maybe it's gone
Emola Cassie yeah, he's got a place in the MGM maybe that's the one I'm thinking of although he doesn't make frozen pizza not that I know of no
It wasn't emeralds
Well, it's long gone and probably for good reason too maybe Wolfgang puck well that's it very good. Yes, that's not there anymore
Wolfgang Schmuck boy oh boy was that an awful place. They used to be one over at the saw brass really Wolfgang Schmuck
Huge huge portions and really really bad food I mean when they would bring out the plate with a pasta or whatever you ordered
It would just you look at it and think oh brother even a fat pig like me. I can't even begin to attack this
How do you attack the meal at the Wolfgang Schmuck from behind?
Ha see this idea of bringing gigantic portions of crap
I'm offended by that I don't like that. I want I want a medium port like it like in Italy when you order pasta
They bring you a small bowl of pasta and usually the Italians eat it as an appetizer is a first course then they eat their meat or fish or whatever
As opposed to like bringing a big tub like like you could fill a bathtub with it
What kind of a disgusting pig
needs to eat that much
Oishmojius says Florida is mostly Protestant. This is almost interesting. I wouldn't say it's compelling, but it's fairly interesting
But Roman Catholicism is the single largest denomination in Florida
There's also it says a sizable Jewish community located mainly in South Florida. Oh, yeah
Florida's current religious affiliations are shown in the table below 40% Protestant of which 9% are Baptist 6% Methodist 3%
Pentecostal 26% Roman Catholic 3% Jewish other religion 3% non-religious 16%
Maybe that's what happened maybe they shoved all the atheist diagnostics out of Florida. That's why we have no audience left
Because our audience is mostly a bunch of heathens am I right sure? Yeah always has been
According to the 2005 census the racial distributions in Florida 63.1% white
16% African American 2.1% Asian American 1.4% others like engines and
They're meaning 18% are Hispanics or Latino of any race
Florida is one of the largest African-American populations in the country ranks the second highest Latino population in the East Coast
That's out of New York State and Florida's Asian American population is grown in high rates in the 1990s the majority being ethnic Chinese
Filipinos and Vietnamese settled in the Gulf Coast
Why sure didn't know that
Because you sure can't find too many Chinese money in South Florida anyway
Now as opposed to here my god there are so many average a half of China is in Ontario
Mostly in Toronto. I didn't see any at the Mohawk
Didn't see it all and then yesterday at them. I don't want to go into it. Okay
Well, I will when I get to the article about
About slot machines going for broke professors his Vegas gambling machines designed to get people to play to extinction
Play to extinction. That's a great line. I love that
Until you ain't got no more money till you got your credit cards are all tapped out
When it out get them all maxed out
That's what they're designed for and this business of random bull crap. That's the biggest lie next to Joe Bell
These people are the biggest liars in the world
The people are run a casinos. Oh
It's all random air air every pull is can be you know can be the jackpot BS
You believe that?
No, and of course they have all these near misses those are the ones that get me and I know their program for that for a lot of near misses
So it looks like you oh gee. I just missed
It's like death either you're dead or you're alive. There's no there's no like in between oh you know
I'll accept in South Florida where you have the walking dead
and the near dead
Carnie says not trying to buy but I think we should add oh boy and he's got a typo here instead of ad he wrote ass
We should ask Sam Cook Jackie Wilson and Van Morrison love the show forever never thanks carny
You want to put those three on there already put smokey Robinson on there. What was the other ones Van Morrison Sam Cook?
Sam Cook Jackie Wilson and Van Morrison. Okay smokey Robinson is the greatest singer of all time I
Think he's good. What about David Ruffin?
Cheers help better than smokey Robinson smokey was like a little on the
Light side I'm not talking about him personally, but I'm just talking about his sound
The tears of a clown, you know like that. I don't know
Well, he wasn't exactly like a heavyweight
Sam Cook Jackie Wilson and Van Morrison you got it the carny
Jim and Kendall says welcome back how about oh you're gonna plots when you hear who he wants on the pole how about Andy Williams?
Absolutely not oh
My god Andy Williams can you believe that the greatest male singer of all time is Andy Williams?
Well, I guess him doesn't get out of the house much
One thing I like about Andy Williams other than his golf tournament
He went away and he stays out of our he doesn't keep coming back to bother us
You know what I mean by that?
Some of these old TV performers who keep coming back and they got the specials and they just because they never have enough money
The best male singer of all time how many votes we got
376 Freddie Mercury 85 Elvis 45 that's just silly
Although he came in second the first time we did this in fact he almost came in first
Roy Orbison 29 who won the first time
Marvin gay 26 Elton John 25 Frank Snott related edition 21
Couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack
Johnny mattress 20 Jim Morrison 18 Paul McCartney 14 Burton Cummings 13 Billy Joel 12 Michael Jackson 12 Luis Miguel 9
A voice like butter as the goddess would say
Stevie Toddler 7 John Lennon 7 J Black 6 how come J Blacks only got six. I don't know
You didn't like J Black from J. N. Americans yet phenomenal voice
Incredible the on five BJ Thomas three Paul Simon three Bob Seger three Rod Stewart three Jean Fittney three's dead
David Boy's got two and one for Roger Dahltree Otis Redding Tom York
Neal Sedacca Fats Domino finally got one written else in one and none when you just put them on yeah
None yet for Jackie Wilson Van Morrison Sam Cook Paul Rogers David Clayton Thomas Michael McDonald you got to be kidding me
Chris Isaacs and Smokey Robinson out of 379
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Hi, I'm Joey D formally of Joey D in the starlight
I'm also founder of the rock and roll rest home where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars
You love so much in the pairs, but whose lives have been destroyed fight crooked record companies stars like mr. D clock over here
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Danny Lopez who sang rhythm for the govones
Every now and then I try to help them out. It's okay Danny
We show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Sarve City our email address
Is Brunswick dot swan for more information just call
4 5 7 8 9
Thank you
Another 0 2 5 60 w 2 a.m. Michael says love your show best talk radio ever
Mm-hmm. It must be compelling. I must be working from home and listening online
And then he says he was doing great tilling and got to this what about Kurt Allen great set of pipes who?
Mike is listening in Palmetto just out the same Pete
Yeah, Kurt Ellen I looked him up. I googled him. He's a jazz singer so that no
No, thanks, you know you played that Joey D in a starlighters at useless trivia. You know who played guitar for him?
No Jimmy Hendrix really yeah, that's where Joey D in the starlighters. I was his first paid gig. Yep. I'll be damned. Mm-hmm
This one says since Tom Jones is the greatest male vocalist of all time
Why is his name not on today's pull because nobody mentioned it until now?
I think Tom Jones gonna get a lot of votes. I sure to hell don't maybe no put them on there, please Tom Jones
Got it. Yep
But let's just get let's just list every guy whoever sang even in the shower
How would that be
Well, Michael ten points Michael Jackson's on the list. I don't think he's a good singer
You don't think Michael Jackson is a good singer. Maybe when he was a kid
Yeah, when he was in with the Jackson five. Yeah
How could anybody say that? I'm not a fan even though it very well could be true
But I mean I'll take Marvin Gaye over Michael Jackson. Oh well me too. Although they're both gay. Well, well one had the name and one one's with an e
Yeah
And one's alive and one's dead the wrong one is alive and the wrong one is dead. That's the problem there. Yeah
That's for sure the problem with the situation there
Yeah, get out of here go away
Go molesta chimpanzee or something
Daisy says you should add 19 colon Sam Cook your list. We already put Sam Cook. What about that King Cole?
Mona Lisa Mona Lisa too much smoke and put down those faggots Nat too late. He's dead
Says always great listed you I missed George you guys were great together. We missed George too a lot. We aren't here from him though
We're getting all our spy reports from the fake burry jackass and this one and that one from across the street
Now don't you have any moles over there? You ought to we got a half of our exo staff is over there across the street
Now the only person over there that I was actually friendly with is Tommy
Not Miguel. I know Miguel, but I've only met him like twice
Was that because you took his job?
Well not directly, but he seems like a nice guy's always been really friendly to me. He's a great guy. Yeah
Big fan of the show. We used to work on the show a lot. He used to do what you're doing right now often
And that's why he got blown out
Anybody I've watched my back if I were you I know you think you're tight with the boss, but
That could change in a real hurry with your association with this show. Oh, yeah, I know that
T. R. Says can you please add either Luther Vandross and or Ray Charles incredible
Thanks Neil high George says T. R. These people assume that George is listening
I'm thinking George is probably out pounding the pavement right now. He's pounding something
Come on
Adam Oshmuk over there in Kitchener Waterloo says oh what a what a bad bunch. Well, let me say it again
The poll question isn't name a list of singers. Okay. That's not the question
There are a few things that get me more aggravated about these stupid ass pulls than when people send a list
The best male singer of all time is not the the poll question isn't name a bunch of male singers
So Adam says Dylan Jerry Garcia Johnny Cash willy Nelson. I wouldn't give you a dime for the whole lot of them. Okay
Dylan couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack
Jerry Garcia state of mind Jerry Garcia is to music with the rascal house used to be the food
Yeah, stay to mind. I wouldn't put Stephen Tyler on there either
Why not I think he's a good entertainer. I don't think he's a great singer
He is a great singer. He's got a vocal range man
Most people couldn't even begin to hit the notes he hits. Mm-hmm. Are you kidding me? I?
Thought you knew a little bit about music flea. I know a little very little
Not can Stephen Tyler my god. Wow
Black he says I'm not calling flea but wolf hanging puck a restaurant is still name GM
I ate their last month a lot of portions not the brightest servers
Well, at least they wise definitely stopped serving those gigantic portions of food and it's not on their website, so
Yeah, well, I must tell you a lot
Wolfgang Schmuck
But I was right about that they make frozen pizzas right wolfgang Schmuck. Yeah, and soups and all kinds of stuff. No
I
Remember I was so excited the first time I saw when they opened that in the MGM because I used to say in the MGM all the time back in my vaguities
And I thought what's in the place gonna be really be great. It's sucked man. It was crap. You're dropping out
I'm what you're dropping out. Well, why is that? I don't know I'll let you know what happens again
But it's happening a couple of times now
For how long like it like that? Oh, no
Not more technical load jinks of QAM. Hmm some places have technical hijinks. We have technical load jinks
How often is that happening?
Just happened a couple seconds ago and it's happened like three times. Oh
boy
And this is on the year. Yeah, I saw the thing about Celia Cruz. Okay. It wasn't funny the first time and it's not funny now
Freddie Mercury they put somebody just sent it. Hmm. We should add them to the list. Yeah, let's add them to the list. He's only
It's pronounced Darren it says Darren what oh
His name well great who cares nobody cares
Well, the fake Anita Bryant's back dump that right away
Kevin says Robert plant bono sting another list soon as I get a list I deleted
Here's one it's a Steve Perry just one name. Okay put him on there. Okay, it doesn't deserve it
But nevertheless from journey the best male singer of all time is blank and
Freddie Mercury's leading by a million miles put him on there put him on the pole put him on there
Whatever happened to that guy the a Frankie Lime and guy put him on the pole
He was never an emailer. He was just a caller
Probably technically challenged when it comes to sending emails
Maybe a shlipper
Carnie who's absolutely chronic says I can't help but think to survey a sway to it by the departure of George
He would always say how Freddie Mercury was the best in his favorite male singer and this might be why Freddie's votes are a bit high right now
It says just my thought vote fair bitches carnie. It's just it's just the pole is just for fun
Okay, it's not like science. It's not gonna change the future of this subhuman race just for fun. Okay?
In addition to which George ain't here in case you haven't noticed so how does that impact the pool?
Some of these people have got way too much time on their hands and
That leads to
Just gibberish mumbo jumbo
Although I do like gumbo. I don't like that crock crayfish. Croffish. Oh my god is that bad stuff
You ever have crock crock crayfish? Oh, yeah suck the heads
Oh Robyn Orlando says how about Andrebo Chellia or Luciana Pavarotti? No, we're not putting no opera singers on here. Okay
Sudo intellectual in Orlando
Oh my god Johnny Dolan says you're missing someone he sells out Vegas every night very manolo. Please add him no
Thanks if very manolo is the best
Mail singer in history. I'm gonna stop listening to music
Here's one. It's oh, it's got two of them. I'm not I'm not playing with those. I'm gonna delete them right away
I'm not playing that game
406 votes Freddie Mercury's kick an ass
And I've voted for J Black Steve Tyler by the way has got the seven votes J Blacks got six I
Can't believe you're knocking Stevie Tyler. It's just now he's talented
Yeah, he's just not the best singer of all time. I didn't say I didn't vote for him. I voted for J Black, but he's a great singer
Let me say it again
Steve Tyler is a great singer a lot of people don't like Erosmith for some reason. I don't know why are you sure positive?
Because we've done these kind of polls a million times over the years and they say oh no, Erosmith sucks
Well, we do you live the best group, you know, they're playing here soon with easy time
Well, I dare you I challenge you to walk up to Steve Tyler so you couldn't sing you out of a paper bag
And see how far he sticks his tongue down your throat
And so
Just take my firstborn baby
Now I'm taking these dust shuns
I'll be your big gang
I'm gonna find some tax lose holes
Just her make those we saws miss the IRS
Oh
Come on come on come on now tax be babe
Tax my dog. Thanks my fake into pay
Tax my patience
I'm gonna lose it anyway
Why April 15th that's red is a
1117 at 560 wqm somebody said what about Jim Morrison? That's why I played that he's got 19 votes by the way
There's nothing worse than people too lazy to look at the polls see the list we got on there and and send somebody that's already on there right
But then again, that's the audience, you know
Here's one from Rick who says you don't have fellow Rochesterian Lou Graham on the pool never heard of him
Lou Graham Lou Graham did you yeah?
Who's that?
Lou Graham when he part of like the digital underground and that's Lou Reed wait Lou Graham. He's the singer from forner
He is yeah, I love for her. I think that's Lou Graham right
I don't know you're you're asking me. I'll look it up. Yeah, Google it Lou Graham GRAM
I love for her, but I you know again. I can't tell you the individual singers one of those things
Oh, you're not a you're not a student of a foreigner. Yeah, that's right. I've seen a few foreigners
Yeah, Lou Graham is the alley tenor forner. Well good put him on there if you want. I don't care
He's from Rochester big deal. So is a Steve Alimo. We're not putting him on there
Rick and plantations says listener for 30 years always enjoyed your shows too bad the bees these have ruined your stick and your show in general
That's correct
But we show up every day and do the best we can and they continue doing everything in their power to destroy
It's a burn and
And demolish mission
Like to see Mick Jagger on the list if he's not on there. Well, he's not Mick Jagger. Why is Mick Jagger not on there
Now there's another one. I see I would put him in the category that you're putting Steve Tyleran
Great performer, but not a great singer. Right Mick Jagger, but we can put him on there
What about Lou Rawls is somebody boy or everybody who ever sang a note is getting to mention here on a pool
It's good off of that crap
Castro's daughter says Cuba to reinstate sex changes. How do you like that? Oh my god
Cuba will reinstate sex change operations previously banned on the island president roll castro's daughter Maryella said yesterday
The health ministry authorized the operations last year, but none has been performed since it was unclear when the surgeries would begin
Maryella castro a sexologist and gear rights advocate announced to return a sex change procedures and comments here on state TV
She runs the Center for Sex Education which prepares transsexuals for sex change operations and has identified 19
transexuals and deemed ready to want to go to procedure
Castro also said she backs efforts to allow lesbians to be artificially inseminated a procedure currently borrowed
Inclaible the first successful sex change operation was performed on the island in 1988
But subsequent procedures were prohibited Maryella castro told the International Congress on assisted reproduction meeting in Havana
Some Cubans protested the decision-lice you to allow the operations either because of general opposition to the procedure or for its high costs for developing country with economic problems
The government would bear the cost of operations because Cuba has universal health care
Any takers out there anybody any you guys want to become a woman
What do you think no
Well, I guess you mess jerk jerk street this morning. I caught a little bit. Did you? Mm-hmm. Oh, no one of you sound down
So I guess this I mean it's only the what's the day today the 28th of May yeah, they'll faintly look to a they my oh
I mean, it's not anywhere near football season and these people are just obsessed with that wall of football
Are you thinking about football now right now thinking about something to eat
Well, they'll be in soon 15 street fisheries. This is the hour by the way. We've had you mention that
This be the hour
That'll sell out fast
No, they always does. It's one of the most popular ones
Detroit beat Chicago in overtime last night two to one. That's a bad bad piece of news
That means that series is over both series or what same crap again Pittsburgh and Detroit. Yeah, I mean that's that's weird
Oh sad so sad let's get hockey intensive. What do you say? No, I don't hear anything about that on our sports nerd shows
No, no, sit to kid talk at all
Stanley Cup finals coming up
penguins and
red wings and we're talking about football on the 28th of May well. Let's cause in town. There's no interest in hockey including the Panthers
This is that article about slots
Going for broke thanks will for setting this by the way
Professor says
Says gambling machines are designed to get people to play to extinction
Natasha shawl recalls how the late 1990s she began observing people in Vegas
Transfixed her hours at video poker and slot machines
What she wanted kept them going to machines until they lost all they had to lose
After more than a decade of research that included lengthy observations and interviews focused on gambling machines
Shawl is publishing her conclusions and how closely guarded proprietary mathematical
Algorithms and immersive interactive technology are used to keep people gambling until they in the industry jargon play to extinction
Now in a system professor at MIT's program in science technology and society
Shawl believes her research underscores just how addictive today's sophisticated gambling machines have become something to consider when states are
Increasingly looking to legalize gambling as a revenue source often by allowing video poker or slot machines in bars horse tracks or other locations
Like Mohawk you don't want to go to Mohawk
sucks
Indeed estimates indicate that large majority of the revenue from the US gambling industry reported is 92.3 billion dollars in
2007 by the American gaming association comes from such slot machines man
Gotta find you a good machine. I see Vegas is kind of a laboratory where experiments are going on between people and machines
says shawl a cultural anthropologist whose book on gambling
Mach no zone
Oh
Machine zone. I see there
Mach no zone. I like that better machine zone
Technology designed in gambling addiction in Vegas. See this is chopped off on the right hand edge
I know it's unusual. It's scheduled to be published by Princeton University Press in 2010 Mach no zone
In the zone it says key to understanding shawl's conclusions is what she calls the zone a dissociative
State or trance in which players lose a sense of time space and physical embodiment consume totally by the spinning number symbols or electronic card hands before the rise
Because gambling machines don't require social interaction as in the case of table games
Such as a poker they let people get into and stay in a state that is not the similar to but far more intense and watching TV
Players describe the zone is compelling. Oh, it's compelling. It can't be all bad then probably get a 90 share
All right
Mesmerizing condition of intense concentration and almost out of body experience having machine gamblers come to crave this state says shawl
There's a wrong-headed notion of gambling addicts are motivated by the idea of winning shawl says while that may be part of the initial hook
The allure of winning soon fades
The allure of the zone doesn't fade. It's about wanting to keep playing she says people will actually get disappointed or irritated if they win a jackpot
Because it may freeze up the machine and interrupt their flow
Then they have to sit there until they lose it walking away with the jackpot is not an option in their state of mind
How do you like that? I'll finish this after the break
Because it just said it's compelling didn't say that it was very compelling if it's compelling
We ought to get like an 88 share with it
Floridians dumb as dirt
Dude man nobody likes to get up in the morning, but let's face it party all night sleep all day makes Johnny
One unemployed convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock now with peak beat beats here
Just gut wrenching high decibel screens from today's top rock artists
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker
Chris Robinson from the black crow's
And for the true comato snooze on there's the who alarm
Oh
It's that this awake you have called the morgue your warm food man studies show stoked brains respond to the rock and roll alarm clock
Get it now and head bang your way into a new day
It's 11 30 at 5 60 w q a m
So what do you think about
What's the scuttle but around a building about these numbers?
Uh, you know, it's mixed reactions. You know the guys from power aren't very happy about their numbers and obviously we're not really happy about what your number is and
Yeah, last I heard Bruce Beasley was gonna send a letter to the arbitrage on guys. Yeah, and we'll see what they need to change maybe the sampling a little bit
Apparently was very undersampled in men 25 35 oh really yeah, it wasn't that great mm-hmm
Which I'm probably not supposed to talk about but whatever oh
Well, we're not supposed to talk about anything go on here and do a great compelling talk show
But don't talk about this and don't talk about that and don't talk about what happened with this and you know
They have cut my balls to the to the quick
Talk about being an old smoothie. I don't even have like a bump
That's right. I don't even have like a nub
They have sliced my cajonis off man
Holly says without a doubt Freddie Mercury is the greatest male singer of all time
Uh, yeah, it's great when people say I mean I like Freddie Mercury just fine
But when you say without a doubt it is if because you say it it makes it a fact
I guess we're all guilty of that right
It's like you knock in Stevie Tyler you've got some freaking nerve mister. I didn't knock him. I think he's very down
Did I said he's great. He's not the best garbage
You said you wouldn't touch him with my tongue. I touched his daughter
I bet you would and who what what what head-or-old guy wouldn't true
His range and pitch holly says meaning Freddie Mercury was always perfect. He was an amazing performer as well
There's someone on the horizon. I believe well some they be on the list of greatest male singers of all time
Oh, by the way Luis Miguel's already on there for people are they're too lazy to look at the list
I love the weasemagel
So I'm in concert three times. How do you like that twice in Vegas once in Miami wow
As it says you're probably saying who the hell is he Adam Lambert? Do you know who that is?
Adam Lambert he came in second on American Idol this season
You should have won says holly is a major star in the making kind of a cross between Freddie David Boye and Steve Tyler
This of course is just my humble opinion
But I haven't seen it all around entertain like him in a long time. I guess time will tell love you holly. Thanks holly. Yeah
American Idol my ass. Oh god. I wouldn't watch that if they paid me by the millisecond
Let me just give you that one word again and coding okay keep that right on your wrist like the guy in momentum
Lenny
Remember Lenny and momentum when I was you get another east direct thing yet if you started looking that up
Yeah, I'm gonna check that out. I you know, I googled it and got the information on it now. I just need a DVD to
Experiment with you don't have momentum on DVD. No, I don't have any DVDs
You don't have bvds
I don't have any other either or HDDs. I thought you had a blu-ray. I do but I don't buy DVDs
I don't understand buying a DVD
You rent them. Yeah, I have Netflix. It's awesome
And how do you send them back and forth your FedEx him you just they give you an envelope that you mail back in and you can keep it for as long as you know it
Yeah, you can only snail mail yep
Well, they have a hub right here in Fort Lauderdale so it gets to him basically same day
Well, you know when you're making the big bucks like you're making it seemed to me you'd be buying them so you can watch them all over and over again
Well, you're not gonna you're not gonna see any easter eggs on the ones you get from Netflix. I'm sure that I don't I don't know
I guess the DVDs you get from them are the same ones you'd buy in the store. Yeah
I don't think so. Getting back to what? I don't think they are. Oh, they're not
Getting back to the slot players this SudaWin lecture article here about from this professor
And let me just interject by saying that with she says it's not a social thing see I go there to play my machine
To hopefully to find a good machine and win some money and I do a lot. I know it's a crazy idea, but I do
Comparatively over the long one you lose your ass of course it's a sucker's game, but I would buy and I do pretty well
But there's this one guy well. There's a bunch of people he's a um
He's a stock market guy. He invests people's money. He's a stockbroker and almost every afternoon
He can be found plunging his guts out of wood buying
Now do you think that's his money or his clients money?
Yeah a little bit of both
Oh look at that looks like a hurray king come lays out now although he's not expect to have a direct threat to land
Would you can't expect though long the coast is gonna be rip currents rip ties
I would say is far north is the Jersey Shore may be as far south as the Georgia coastline
So you're gonna be dealing with some of the ash effects from this storm
I coming up we're gonna talk about this again. Tony. We're also gonna take a look at the rest of your national forecast wow
Wouldn't it be something if they blew Jersey away
What what a great benefit that would be anyway
It says some players are content to not win for long dry stretches if there's a chance for a big jackpot
But what seems to be compelling but that word is just all over the place lately
You notice that
Yes, not not one of the common words that I use in my you know in my existence compelling
See what I mean
It's everywhere
What seems to be compelling to most people and thus most profitable to casinos is play that produces a constant flurry of little wins
Shal says most players will stay on a machine longer if this is happening one designer told shal some people wait to be they want to be bled slowly
To create
To create the category into renders a steady stream of small wins
Designers build machines with increasingly complicated playing options allowing players to bet on more than one
Line of cards or symbols sometimes even diagonally or zigzag lines are in scatter mode shal says scatter
Money in a single play can be spread out among dozens of bets
Thus almost ensuring something will hit even if the paycheck is only a few cents. That's like quick hit is like that
Just got six credits. Oh, that's 12 cents on the two-cent machine
These high-intensity gambling machines are played with magnetic strike player cards instead of coins
And they no longer feature the pull handles of traditional one-arm bandits. Yeah, they do
And those people really bug me though
The ones who want to be the macho guys they got to pull the handle like that and the whole damn countershax, you know all the way up and down the counter
Well, what are what are these guys trying to prove? I don't know. Is it a macho thing?
Maybe and there and I want to screen you know your plan against the computer
You're more on no matter what you do with a handle or where you stick it
It's not going to change anything you jackass you ask clown
Instead they've been upgraded with
Touch screen technology that creates a sense of transaction
And helps keep players in the zone show says video poker machines which have been called the crack cocaine
A gambling machines further intensify the sense of transaction by adding an element of choice to the game
And then there's the furniture seats our whole science out of themselves
She says casino chairs are designed with the right tilt to reduce eye fatigue and avoid cutting of circulation and limbs
Cutting off circulation in your limbs just as factories may seek ways to keep the workers on the assembly line
The aim of casino gambling technologies to keep people playing faster and longer
But instead of requiring them to bend their bodies and motions to its rhythm
This technology bends itself to the rhythm of the player's show
This you know what this is this is a bunch of pseudo-electual clap trap
All the professors and all the studies and all the BS and all the pseudo-electual garbage
Chaucas casino soon will have well how do you like to have a million dollars for every stupid study like this
You know what I mean all these studies? Oh, I'll take it
Chaucas casino soon will have machines that are the equivalent of a shell in which different games with different payout patterns and symbols can be quickly downloaded from an online server
To more closely match the player demographic information that casinos routinely collect
If you have a certain demographic coming in on a Sunday morning that likes a certain kind of game
You'll be able to adjust your game offerings with a press of a button she says
To write machines zone she interviewed players and machine zone not much uh, schnell whatever I said before
She interviewed players and game designers and spent hours observing machine playing casinos
Grocery stories and gas stations
She also spent time in outpatient gambling addiction clinic and in turn with an experimental drug trial
for
poker addicts
She attended trade shows where game manufacturers freely discussed how to increase what they call time on device
By the way our time spent listing is almost almost you know, that's one thing in over the years over all these years
With the diaries time spent listing on the shows always been fabulous always been very very good right
Now it's like about four seconds. I guess we're just not compelling enough for the audience four seconds
And they're gone. Oh, we don't want to hear that crap again that old fag
Shell emphasizes that the gambling industries intent is very simply to generate revenues
She says I don't think the designers are sitting around saying less to dick people
She insists she's not anti gambling, but Shell believes that any community considering slots or video poker should know how the technology works
And how it affects human behavior in other words, mostly you're going to lose your ass
It's a losing proposition. It's not a way to make a living and the people who sit around like the
The stockbroker guy
Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob I think it's going into a negative mode now, and I only played one
I missed the spin and Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob he doesn't shut up for a second
So you got a headache not just from the fact that you're losing your ass and because it's really busy and you're stuck on a dead machine
And you can't get off and get on another machine, but because this guy
Papa-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob he thinks that everybody comes there to watch him play his machine
Loud. Oh, geez. I keep getting two sevens and the other ones that
He's got to announce it to the whole
Casino. You think anybody cares? Yeah. You care? Nope
Though you're not a casino guy. I like casinos. I don't play the slots
But you like what would blackjack blackjack? Yeah
I used to do well at blackjack, but then every time they kept changing the damn dealer
It loses you all of a sudden. Oh, yeah, like six hundred times in a row and I'd start getting a little bit suspicious
Yeah, you change dealers. I'm out and I usually don't start with an Asian dealer either
Really? Yeah, they kill me. You got something against Asians now. You better watch it, mister
I love them, but they kill me on the blackjack table. Why is that? I don't know. It's weird
Oh, there's speaking of Asians. There's that crazy ass Kim Jong-il
Esther restarting their nuclear reactor and they're just going through it step by step. You need to kill that son of a bitch
You know what? Yeah, Kim Jong-il. He's trouble
He's bad. No, he's a crazy crazy crazy in a bedbuck
We need to send out work bald when Ann mad Damon over there
Take him out when it doubt take him out
I don't think mad Damon would take him out. I doubt that he's his type
Holy cow Aaron's coming. Well, congratulations get a life. This is CNN should miss California curry
Prajana be stripped of her crown. We're going to hear from president Obama. We have that fee. Can we go to that now? All right
Let's listen. She possesses an extraordinary boss. I respect her for that
Her but disappeared. She got back. I revel in it. I really enjoy back. We've got to have some firmness. I love
Bumblebuck as much as anybody. I mean she's all that
Presino bomber out of control. I love big but we'll be right back CNN
Breaking news
It's 1145 at 560 WQM
We don't hear much about her no more. Thank God another prop eight got up held by the California Super by the US Supreme Court
But oh don't blame me. I'm not the one who done it. Bob Bob Bob. We gotta get lost
And that Donald Trump. Do you think he's getting a little piece of that or what? Yeah for a big piece
He's all over her like stink on jolly Joe. Oh, yeah
465 votes on the pool not too shabby
Although the first time we did it we had a thousand and twenty six and I'm not like I said sure whether it was a weekday or a weekend or what it was
Now the first time we done it you want to hear how that turned out. I'm not going to read the whole list. Okay
Roy Orbison had 147 Elvis 141 Freddie Mercury 110 Jamerson 100
Nobody we didn't put the choice on there or are we doing it this time? I hate all of these singers
Ha ha ha ha ha
Guaranteed if we put it on there get some votes. I hate them all
The best male singer of all time is here's what we got this time Freddie Mercury winning hands down your pants 92 Elvis 49
You know it's amazing to me because this audience always claims to hate Elvis
George hates him like poison and I I could live without him you know, I mean I like them back in the day
Roy Orbison won that first time 10 years ago
He's only got 38th this time anybody says where Orbison is the greatest singer of all time obviously hasn't heard a lot of music
Frank Snot for a 33 Marvin Gay 29 Elton John 27 Johnny mattress the African Queen 22 Jam Morrison 19
Palm McCartney 16 Burton Cummings 14
Did you hear that thing about how he played the machine next to me it would buy him one time with his uh daughter or girlfriend or whoever no
He was a jackass Burton Cummings and I love the guests who and I love his music. I love his voice
But what a discipline a bitter disappointment it was to be around him
And then the money was that this is back before they had the tickets when they had the coins
And the money was literally bursting out of both of their machines. Don't tell me that can't control the machines man
They were winning like crazy and I'm sitting there losing my ass and I would get a spin for like 25 bucks
He's oh there he goes again now you spin
And I'm losing my ass. I'm thinking god almighty just because you've been singing doesn't mean you're like human
Burton Cummings 14 Billy Joel 14 now that it that's an infomnia to put Billy Joel on the same category with Burton Cummings
Don't you find that
laughable yeah
Michael Jackson 12 the week's Miguel 12 that also is ridiculous
John Lennon 10 Steve Tyler 9 Joe a J black 8
That King Cole 6 Dion 6 Robert Plant 5 Roger Dolphrey 5 Sam Cook 4 Bob Seager 4 Rod Stewart 4
Three each for Michael McDonald David Boy B.J. Thomas Paul Simon and Jean Pitney two a piece for Paul Rodgers and Otis Redding
I better I guess I better play that sitting on a bench in Delray
One each for Stings the Perry Tom Jones Van Morrison Tom York Nielsen Acha Fats Domino Rick Nelson
And none for Mick Jagger Lou Graham Lou Graham's under twice. He still don't have any
Jackie Wilson David Clayton Thomas Chris Isaacs or Schmokey Robinson none
Zero the big oh
So what do you think about those rumors that sit obviously started himself about him doing two to four starting when his contract
Not a non-competive experience September 26. It's crazy
And very extraordinarily unprofessional the idea that he's
Malthing it to anybody who listen right while the big O is still on the ear. I mean what a hell of a way to find out that you're gonna get
Schmidt can
Isn't it yeah, that's not good
Well, you're the one that's saying it Niel. Well, that's because it's all over the place
Ah, the food is here
Are you are you serious? Yeah, that's sure what they bring you. I don't know. It duffs up in it up right now
I saw some crab cakes in there that look good. I love crab cakes
And he's still open in the other stuff
Well great, there's one of the perks you can't get make a lot of money doing this show, but
Free food on Thursdays. Oh, yeah
Oh
Here's one from the fake Wayne hyzenge. It says Niel. Does that article hit close to home for you?
Maybe it's time to admit your gambling addiction
You moved it to Toronto to be closer to Casino's and farther from people who would tell you to stop
Perhaps if you didn't lose so much money at the machines you could have saved George get help sir
Get help sir sir my ass
I could take it or leave it. It's my hobby don't done everybody have to have a hobby
Let me ask it again. Does anybody have to have a hobby or have a hobby right now eating? Yeah, I know I'm sorry to interrupt your lunch
Excuse me. I'll let it slide this time, but don't do it again
WV says arguably not undoubtedly Freddie Mercury is compelling
Arguably Steve Tyler is a screaming and drudge in his visual freak observations not facts is WV
How do you like that? See jump it on your bad wagon now another all gonna be knocking Steve Tyler
Yeah, he's bizarre looking there's no question about that and they're not by accident. That's part of the stick
It's part of the act
And not that Freddie Mercury wasn't a little bit strange
Does anyone you admit that?
Yeah
Little strange looking and acting and now he's dead
No
While I'm in wrath is back. He says I'm shocked and outraged that Chris Cornell is none your pull back me up flea
Chris Cornell. Yeah, he's the lead singer of sound garden. Yeah, he has a great voice. I know Don Cornell
He uh from a hundred years ago on coral records Don Cornell. Yeah, Chris Cornell. Good looking guy good singer was in sound garden and audio slave
I better uh better Google it. Yeah, check him out. You'll like him. I will I
Don't know your type, but he's a good looking guy
Well, there you go. What do you mean you don't know my type or everybody's got a type you know, I don't know. I got a type. Yeah hot
That's a good type. Yeah
Steven straight
Is right in that movie. What was it again the covenant the covenant very good spelled with the only two ends
Steve says flea is right about Steven Tyler good entertainer, but not much of a range at all
Oh, you know, I could get my erosmith out here and play like crying or some of those not much range at all
Are you a crazy person Steve or what oh, yeah, he's got tons of range
Yeah, he was you admit that who hate him like poison
And then it's just for you to hate you too, especially their classic albums are just ridiculous. I don't like them
I can't stand them. Bono has an amazing range of voice that few singers have it says
Yes, he's annoying these days, but he should definitely be on a list along with Robert plant
Well, Robert plant is on the list. What about Bono? Is he on there?
No, but I can add if you want. I don't care. I'll throw him on there. Throw him on there. It's not I'm not trying to sense
about anybody. I don't I don't give a crap so no consequence to me
He has no range. Oh my god the stuff that comes out of the
minds and mouths and asses of some of these people is just it's unspeakable. It's absolutely
Be available. Yeah, like that thing yesterday 5% didn't like any of the movies and another 5% never signing of them
I find it just just bizarre
Definitely not compelling
Kevin says I happen to flip on 790 during one of your commercial breaks yesterday long enough to hear this
The host said even Tom Brady sweat looks good. Oh, that sounds so gay
Talking to the other hosty then said what was it like to sit next to Tom Brady?
Kevin says seems kind of pathetic and very closet homo to me
I felt really sad for the guy then I flip back to your show while throwing up in my mouth a little
How do you like that? Tom Brady sweat looks good. Huh
Oh, yeah, speaking of who's my type Tom Brady. Thanks. Good. Look. I got king
You know what you do it term. I'm sick of hearing too is man crush. Oh, yeah. Oh, I got a man crush on Tom Brady
Yeah, the sports nerds say that all the time
Because they don't want to sound too gay, you know, mm-hmm
A man crush. Yeah, I hear that on this station frequently from some of our sports nerds not to mention a name. Hate it
Do you?
We do not have big sports talk
aficionado. No, you better get with it because that's where the numbers have shifted now for years and years and years
The numbers were mainly 10 to 2 now. They're mornings and afternoon drive although I'm not so much afternoon drive
like a one five
Yeah, they better get an investigation going because otherwise we're gonna get mired in this for months and years and stuck with this new
Arbor Drone with a scoop of slackers out there
Who only listened to a pollen Ron the fact that pollen Ronna got those big numbers in April in the first week in May
That should tell you right there what a bunch of lung kids were dealing with
Probably Johnny Dolan is controlling all those things
Remember properly encoding
I feel like we've been left out in the code myself
So how's the food what are you eating right now? I'm eating some mashed potatoes and asparagus
And uh, Duff took the crab cakes down to uh, Duff take the crab. Yeah, he took it to Angie
Because she was starman and he's eating some shrimp and it looks like some crab
Seam and I've got uh, I mean a salad with some artichokes in it and uh hearts a palm and yeah, it's good stuff
Good and right now it's time to do it
Starting right now well in about four or five minutes you can buy a hundred dollars certificates for just 50 bucks to the legendary
15 street fisheries and four-loader deal. We're dining is both a visual and culinary feast
Where it beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQ a year we interrupt this program for late-breaking news on miscalifornia
More pictures more boobies and more denial will keep you updated as more boobies are released. I mean news is placed
Probably known at five sixty WQM. I haven't even looked on the thing yet. Have you looked at it? What's wrong?
six seconds
six seconds before we have it open it up to one and the store is officially open
Don't be eaten with your mouthful. I mean talking with your mouthful
They get really upset. We'll give we'll begin an email from that goofball. Yeah
That'd be an interesting thing. We'll never find out but how many emails are from like real people you know as opposed to like
Fakers mostly across the street and down the road. Mm-hmm
We have only 21 left. They just opened it. Wow seconds ago. No, I just only 21 left. I just checked it and there's eight left
Like I said, they're all gone
Well, it's not official yet the official thing is not on the toad board but it says zero left. Yep
And it figures because 15 three fishwis is a great place and one of the favorites when we do these things
That that could be a record that was like in just a matter of moments. Yeah, that was under a minute
Wow like that
So we'll see we'll wait and see if it's official or what the deal is because you know how every once in a while we get
Some game players out there, you know what I'm saying? Yep
Laura says please don't say my last name as I'm at work
Please add to the pool Peri Como. Oh my god. Laura. I would want my last name on here either if I was saying Peri Como
The greatest singer of all time is Peri Como
Oh my god Laura
Find a wheel and it goes around I mean let's get cereal
I've got one of his songs in here somewhere. Oh
Yeah, that's the one as a matter of fact. What am I
This is a greatest male singer of all time. Laura. You're taking your time
Down to let lead you to the one you love. Oh
Then your love. Oh my god that sc tv
Skit I'll never forget where he's on his deathbed and they've got an oxygen cute hooked up to him and he's singing
That's one of the all-time great. So you ever see that? No
Periana's deathbed you're still eating with your mouthful what and talking to no not me
You
So are you astonished and amazed
Consider we've only got according to arbitrage on 12 people listening
The fact that these sold out so fast and it's really interesting because a lot of the other stations that we're doing this
Restaurant thing just have price deals. They've stopped doing them because they couldn't sell them
Like across the street. I don't think they're doing them anymore. Are they? Nope, and it is a officially sold out
Isn't yep wow
How do you know that because I just refreshed it and said sorry sold out and it didn't say processing anymore
It says sorry sold out that's right. Mm-hmm. That's what my sister
That was shocking and then a little while you'll be able to look on there and see where it says past deals
Right and we'll be able to determine
Just how long that took
Well, the other one minute it says yeah, it looks like the unofficial time
This is the third time we've had these folks on the first time it took seven minutes second time nine minutes
This one says in less than one minute and it's all official wow
And we have nobody listening
Take that and put in your pipe and smoke it jolly Joe
You fed as fool you oh, I'm sorry. Wow. No, I'm not less than one minute. That's amazing isn't that astonishing
You're not asking
Kathy says maybe I should be asking him this but if the decision on his job across the street is up to corporate
Would emails letters from us help her hurt and if it would help who do we contact I don't know Kathy
We're still waiting to hear from George
Last week goods and it started out there like we were gonna be hearing from him every day, you know
Of course last week we weren't here every day, but then you had the George going away party on Friday
I'm really bummed that you only had like around 50 people they're according to you
Mm-hmm. Isn't that what you say yep, well, that's bad
Also, Kathy says there's a street movie coming out where she plays Julia child
Julie and Julia both as the friendship and a younger woman when she worked for the OSS
She helped develop shark repellent and kebbalock coded messages during WW2
The movie goes back and forth between child story and that a woman who decided to
Prepare some of child's recipes
Or prepare one of child's recipes a day till she prepared everyone in the book child ever wrote
With Merrill Street does that sound like something you'd want to see I would not don't care about Julia's child
No, she did yeah good
She was disgusting she always talked like she had a mouthful of that damn French food. I couldn't stand it
Yeah, I wasn't a fan now and that Paul Poudre I mean, oh that Nalline chef that big head looks like Dom Delewies on on acid
Uh-huh, wow. I did like the other Caching chef though Justin
What kind was his last name time? Yeah, yeah, oh I guarantee
Oh, I don't I don't like that whole cage on wrap man. Oh, Geron. Oh, I hate that
So many things you hate you're just a hateful person. Yeah, that's right. That's me. That's me. I hate
Jackie says the show is great today. It's the best one things are all screwed up
Oh, this is last Tuesday
And you have to fly by the senior pants
I wish George the best landing the job across good up. Oh, this is last Tuesday
And you have to fly by the senior pants
I wish George the best landing the job across the street he has missed and flee you're doing your great job
So Jackie. Oh, thanks
One of our regulars gives you her squeal of approval. That was from last Tuesday
Tea tea says flee is doing a great job as you sidekick so far. Could you play? I'm moving out with Joseph Gackie or Sandstorm
Please keep it light tea. Oh
Some of this stuff just puts me right on the flow. I don't want to breathe no more
Or here's something that you sent me uh one morning. I don't know when a while ago
New Haven housing officials are trying to figure out why someone left slaughtered chickens on a man's bed
And put rotting fish under it
Police said the dead animals were found in a men's room
At housing located on such and such street in new Haven earlier this week
Philip Elliott
Had rented one of three bedrooms on the second floor of the house for 150 bucks a week and
He and the tenants in the other room shared the kitchen in the bathroom
Police said one of his roommates woke up Monday and smelled a vile odor the building superintendent went upstairs and found three dead chickens on a bed
And blood spletted on the floor fish were found under the bed and later in the closet
Well, we learned something today. I'm the new Roger show Fisher in the closet. Hmm. I know our Kelly and Tom cruiser in there
But now even Fisher in the closet. I didn't know fish could be gay. Maybe they are
Who knows and who cares
Don't tell me I'm getting light on emails now. That's that's why I'm going back to last week
In my pile it's only 1207 we got a long way to go
Boy, here's a long long email from Redalfo from Thursday, May 14 two weeks ago today
You ready for this? Mm-hmm long
You're still eating in the meantime the significance of sold out before you could even finish your first
mouthful of food. They sold out. That was amazing
shocking
This is from back when right after Georgia got canned. Okay, Neil
This news about George says a lot about the management of QM and more specifically Joe Bell
However, I feel that the argument that George had remained employed
Simply because he has a family to support really cares no weight with me
So do millions of other unemployed Americans
That's not a good enough reason to keep someone employed having said that
I also understand what transparent with the firing of George is a cowardly and clearly indicative of the low business
Acumen of Joe Bell as well as his display of little or no common sense
If the near Roger show is a cash cow and it sure used to be then anyone would have an ounce of a brain with trim fat elsewhere
Perhaps their intention goes beyond George
This is the case with it says the worst former management is one that makes decisions on impulse and personal convictions
This is the case with everyone a QA and business is business and Joe Bell has no sense
That's a very into this by the way. It says F him. I just want to alert you to that fact
That's a very into this email. Okay. I just just tell you that upfront case. I should slip again
I which I don't think it'll happen
I
Also found it very musing that the dolphin organization disapproves of your show and QA
Well, that's only a part of the fake Jimmy Cifilis who's really manny from Kendall who's a nut job
There's one thing I've learned about any media outlet every moron to cause themselves an expert that is they simply ride away for reporting
The trend is to regurgitate whatever
We'll give them a rating in turn for the most part what they report has no real substance and very little facts
Clearly WQM in the dolphins don't believe that if you put out a good product
And in the case dolphins are winning team the rest would take care of itself
Lastly and it goes on about the dolphins which who cares lastly for all those critics winers and complaining idiots
It sure is easy to sit on the other side of the radio dial requested both you and flea take a dive to prove a point and supported George
What point would that be?
You can't reason with idiots ignorant people and people that don't welcome change you can't afford
And you shouldn't put your income in jeopardy for anyone
George's firing was well planned and there was nothing anyone can do to prevent it
Joe Bell is a lying sack of blank a monkey with no skills unethical and delusional
What goes around comes around his time will come
I will continue to listen simply because I know that George would like us to support you
Also your shows entertaining. I'm not going to punish you by not listening
Lastly low ratings will only make Joe Bell stronger screw him doesn't say screw but keep up the good work good luck to a George and flea
From Redolfo very whipped whipped up pissed off and fired up evidently yeah
Wipped up into a fanatical frenzy
You think we ought to text George and see if he's still alive or what's going on with him
Yeah, I can you know what's going on with him. He's got that thing tomorrow night at the where was it the Clevelander? Yeah
It wasn't really believe under yet
Which is all shiny and new and
Yeah, thank you, so I think he used to be one of Hank sponsors once upon a time
Well
What was the big deal with it back then what was the what was the attraction? I don't know
I think celebrities used to stay there really back in the day kind of like the celebrity wallard wolfies one on 21st and Collins
Yeah, now everybody gets to the fountain blue
I wonder if that top floor at the fountain blue was still gay like he used to be years ago
I don't know used to be a lot of hanky spanky going on there. So I heard
I was never invited though
Maybe buddy nevans couldn't inform us more about that because he see that seems to be his area of expertise
Anything has to do with gay. Yeah, that's buddies. Uh too bad. He's out of work
Little buddy nevans. I wonder what dumpster he's sleeping in these days
Oh geez look at this very jackass says seven i. These website is down to be heard from George. Where it is
He's upset with you. Uh-oh
What?
What?
What would he be upset with me about?
I don't know. He didn't mention that to me
Well, that's from the fake very jackhead. Some across the street
So just some ojama provocateur trying to stir up a bunch of crap. I don't think he's upset with me at all. What would he be upset with me about?
Well, maybe you'll have to text him. I did
Would you say I said any news? What can we uh announce for the George report
Well, if he's upset with me, maybe that's why he's not the emailing you every morning. Good day
Neil god
Shrubbit didn't give up at dyes and how could I help you? You're looking for a new air campaign in Miami
Sure now what we do here is we start with salsa music
Yeah, yeah, if you want to run ads at the Miami market you gotta use salsa music
Uh-oh, yeah, of course, and we've got great success here with the salsa music
It's the only music them Cubans like
Uh-huh. Yeah, look all you need is VO on a better salsa music and them Cubans
They stop everything to do just to listen and then they dance to it
Yeah, yeah, and we've got a voiceover guy over here. Hey voiceover guy. Yeah, come here. What? Say uh
Say Habla espanyol
Okay
Say hubla espanyol
No, no, no more macho. They like that said like
Repulite a macho all right
Say hubla espanyol
No, I agree. I like you're wielding a knife at somebody
All right
There you see we got them Cubans off the get up
Say hubla say hubla
Okay, 1218 at 560 WQAM. I knew this avenge megal would be here. Given you some crap. Okay
And I gotta have a response from George too
You do what I gotta respond to George what George says you pissed off at me about something which I can't imagine
What it would be didn't say that he said nothing new still waiting for callback still trying to line up as many sponsors as I can to convince people
I'm worth some money enjoying the vacation
Well, that sounds positive. Yeah
Hey fake bury across the street by the way. Quit trying to stir up a bunch of crap
Word is this and word is that yeah, word my ass
Bench megal says please tell your sidekick to try to stop try to speak with food in his mouth
It's not only disrespectful. It's vile vulgar and vituperative
And FCC clearly states that any broadcaster on here must speak with a clear voice. No, it does not
That goes beyond dining manners spelled the i n and i dining dining matters. You're illiterate Ben
That's John ZTR. I'm sure they're also Steve Alexander who's sending me 8,000 emails
George always said it and he was right. There's a by half a dozen people out there sending all the emails. He's right. Yeah
But if they ever stop and of course we take a whole bunch of calls if we could but we can't
At least not do it right. Oh, now he's belching grepsing on year two
Very nice bench megal's going to be back on there in a heartbeat
You better not upset old Ben
Yeah, the FCC says that you must speak clearly right just keep hallucinating Ben just keep making crap up
Rick says this is bad news within the last six minutes the internet stream has been off the year two times for about a minute or so each time
Hope this isn't the start of internet stream problems says Rick in plantation
How come rich the only one who's the complaining? Maybe it's a computer rebuffing
Yeah, maybe your computers got service Rick. Maybe it's uh look look into your own house
And Peter in Tampa is so full of it man Pete you just don't get it
He says Neil I too love the Perry coma sketch on sc tv
However, the point was that Perry was mr. relaxation, which is why they showed him singing prone on the floor in bed
Etc. No, I had nothing to do with mr. relaxation
It had to do with the fact that he was coma inducing that he was barely breathing
He was a spoof on him and his whole act
Not mr. relaxation. That's an amazing one of the funniest bits of all time and Pete and Tampa didn't even get it
mr. relaxation. Oh
God
So George didn't say anything about tomorrow night at the equilibrium there now with Dan La Bastard
Well, they're probably gonna turn him against me over here
The happy sound as it goes
That we're a singer. Let me tell you that just unbelievable
Barbara from where was he from aliquipa p.a. or somewhere in some of him a keesport somewhere in your Pittsburgh
What I said sure
Yeah, you'll google it and then you'll say oh, I knew it all the time
Somewhere in your Pittsburgh 532 votes on the pole
Rob on Martha's vineyard says for Christ's sake Neil when you quote with the George updates who cares about where he is or what he's doing it's
Honduras
Flea you're way better than George, but you still suck boy. Rob is a sour pus. I did not find that email compelling
no
Harry Pada said why did you neglect to put tiny Tim on your list? He had the greatest vocal range to your fructive as anybody
She says it doesn't mean anybody liked him or that he was a he but he should be endless
No, he should not here. He Pada go away. You've turned really sour
Barious is I'm getting the info third hand. Don't know how much is true
But George word is George's upset that you talked about his meeting with Steve White last week thinking of it's his chances really
Well, then why didn't they tell us to keep it mom?
Hmm
And where do we get that information from speaking of mom?
Didn't we get that from the same fake Barry Jackass?
Credential sure we did
I'm very certain we did
But George told us he was meeting with him too. So what's the big deal? Yeah. Oh, that's just a bunch of crap
I heard his chances. It's all your fault. Yeah, that's right
If it rains, it's my fault if it snows in the last goods my fault
If the dog has diarrhea on the carpet. It's my fault
Tom says this is from also third. Oh, these are old some of these
When you know when you haven't been on for a while right
Can you a little bit of a backup
Tom says I can't say I personally like listening to George when you were
Waitering some or another times when he filled in it was better than listening to the other crap
Commonista sports horrid FM stations of her while you ain't right wing garbage
I only listened to skier america and you Neil they got rid of skier america now George
George had a niche with you. Neil. I'm not a program director just my unneeded opinion
But he's gonna have to figure out what to do without you that's just as entertaining but different
If he does find a time slot not a competition with you
I'll listen as I stated everything else sucks on the radio in this banana republic
I write mostly because I'm shocked at the quick timing of George being laid off just after listening to him live the other day
Like a lot of people I assume we thought it was a stick to bitch about management a time honored staple for shock jocks
We don't do stick on the show if we tell you it's going on. It's going on
Never did across my mind WQM was serious. I just hope they don't take you off the radio as well
If that day comes I'm gonna physically remove the radio from my car
Thero said radio at the window of Joyce's car and via pimp.mp3 player
Then I'll never listen to the crap broadcast on the airwaves down here again
Good luck and good luck to your new board op your lawyer listener since 87 Tom thanks Tom
And the board op says thanks to but he's probably eating now. I'm done you done. Yeah, it was good
Sounded then good. I'm not too happy about it. I maybe I'll go to red blobster to a clock
I don't know but the crab cakes look like they were cooked perfectly. Mm-hmm. They look good
Wouldn't mean they look good. Oh, that's right. You don't eat that. No, I didn't eat it
They went fast. So well, that's right never never even dawned on me
That when people bring food in for free. They got to bring in veggie stuff
That's right. So what did you eat? I had had the salad. I had mashed potatoes and I had this grilled asparagus, which was awesome
Is it don't even eat the face to see food? No, oh my god. What a waste. Duff ate it
Well, at least it didn't go to waste. Oh, no food does not go to waste here in this building
Hi, I just can't believe that even
Couldn't you have made an exception? I could just for Ben Schmiegel
So you could like a little more on a year
I mean eating mashed potatoes doesn't make a lot of noise generally. I don't think no
mashed potatoes are mushy especially they got like butter on them. Yeah, these were good
Especially when you do the bite with the asparagus and mashed potato combo. Yeah, that's good
Well, don't be eaten too much on the air because Ben's gonna get really all bent out of shape
Very jackass, you know, I've quit reading the Jimmy Cifilus ones because that's Manny from Kendall
Who's an idiot and I'm gonna quit reading the very jackass ones too unless unless they have some
Stunning information about you know the radio market. Yeah, well some of them have okay
Like the thing about Sid the kid
Although I heard that from elsewhere
Scott and panelists Park says I was in the other room didn't see it said it was buffering
Didn't see if it said it was buffering. Well, what does that mean?
He didn't see if it was buffering or not and I'm ocean mucks as the stream did drop off there for a little bit
I thought it was just my CPC, but I guess not for a little bit
Like if there's a like I'm there if there's a fart on the stream right away. Oh gee
We're having technical yeah, these people are I guess our condition to QM technical defugalies and rightfully so
Keep in mind that one word in coding
Okay, so we don't get look get left out in the code on a show, okay
That's the new deal. That's the way for the future mr. President. That's the new deal with which we have to live
But now that Bruce Beasley wrote a letter to them. I'm sure that they're gonna they're gonna like a really goose step in the line not
Please in our stock
I think
I think that it's
You're fair
She's got start
Says
She's gotta talk her so why?
She's gotta talk her so why I'm I
She's gotta talk her so why?
And she don't care
I'm telling you why, you're too short to watch
She'll be right, she'll work out as no more
She's gonna have to go on a diet
To look like she did once before
I've found everything that I could
I've made it there
To try the opera slip-flin
Or see Jenny Craig
Oh, she's gotta talk her so why?
So she's gotta talk her so why I'm I
She's gotta talk her so why?
And she don't care
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right
I'm telling you why I'm I'm I
She'll be right, she'll work out as no more
But she's gonna have to go on a diet
To look like she did once before
I've made it there
To go on a diet
My husband and his bison chairs
Yeah
It is too tight in the wake
I'll get some stretch pants
Cause I gotta talk this to one
I gotta talk this to one I
I gotta talk this to one
We make it the best
We make a good thing
We make it the best
We make it the best
From 33 at 5.60 WQM
So if we weren't supposed to talk about Georgia's meeting with Steve White to PD across the street
Then why did he send us that information? I don't know
Sounds like a bunch of BS like an Oja for a Valkyrie to across the street trying to steer the pot
Anyway Jason who needs help serious up
We got a few of these e-mailers need group therapy
Jason says I just went to your website to vote
And to my dismay, Willie Nelson is not on the poll
Mistakes happen if you can, please put Willie on there and you'll see him go flying up your poll
Thanks, no chance
Willie Nelson is the best male singer of all time
You should live so long
Jason he couldn't sing a note if his life depended on it
Nice mood ring though but he can't sing
Jeff and Boein beat his yes Peri Como was from Cannon's group P.A. just outside Pittsburgh
I told it was from one of those joints
Rob however says Neil gambling is not a hobby it's an addiction
I bet you can't quit if you tried
You're hooked, hooked in capo letters, hooked
If gambling is a hobby then so is snorling cocaine it says
It's a good hobby
What snorling cocaine? Sure
And if someone who did maintenance on slot machines
Here comes the greatest revelation of all time
Okay
As someone who did maintenance on slot machines I can tell you that they are programmed to control the winnings
No kidding Rob
Oh yes I thought they were just wide open
They're programmed to control the winnings
Some of you people think that we're all morons
The rest of the world we're all dumber than dirt and you're the experts
Everybody's an expert like my lesbian is cab guy says everybody's an expert
And how accurate he is
They're programmed to control the winnings
No kidding
Didn't I just say a little while ago you're playing against a computer
So why crank the handle into all these other stupid things
And wave your hands across the glass
Those people really get me the Indian women especially
They smear their hands across the glass
Yeah
And I keep my mouth shut because I don't want to start with some of these people
But I always am tempted to say how's that working for you so far
That's doing pretty good? Did you ever see the movie The Cooler?
No that was pretty good
It was about a guy who brings people bad luck at the casinos
William H. Macy and I think Alec Walden was in it
Oh I think I did see it
Yeah it's pretty good
And true from what I hear
True what?
The casinos hire coolers to give people bad luck
How do they do that?
They find some very unlucky guys and they've stand them next to people that are winning
What does that mean?
I don't know if he watched the movie
William H. Macy was a very unlucky guy
And whenever he would stand next to someone at the table
They would start losing
Like his bad luck would rub off on people
You know I don't want to change the subject
Okay
Oh
Norma can't just won't stop
Too much time on your hands Norma
Go out and solve some murder mystery like Perry Mason
Stop
Stop
Stop
Reminder and in conclusion
Please have your new producer email me his contact information
So I'm fully prepared if something comes up
Are you interested in having Norma can't represent you?
No absolutely not
So that's the end that he's not interested in Norma
He's not interested
Go away
Go away
I think what this is really a reminder of is
So keep me fully compensated that must be it
Just go away
Don't go away mad just go away
Free and interested
Can you believe that?
No
He said this to me the other day and I just I didn't even have the balls to tell you about it
After I've seen what's happened with you
Why?
Why would I want to hire him is my representation
Oh Ishma Ahmed says
The best singers are Tony Bennett and Wayne Newton, Salman Vegas, they were great
Also Tony Bennett is very popular in my country
Well congratulations Ishma and Kushmeer and Taka so can go away
Norma can't
552 votes on the poll
Best male singer of all time Freddie Mercury 98
Elvis 54, Frank Sinatra 45, where I was in 42
Sinatra wasn't even on that first list way back when
And here he moved into third place
That's sad
That's really sad
Who has to show it there's a lot of people out there love and ill ice cream it's their favorite flavor
As my friend Bill Carter used to say delicious but no taste
Now is down four and a half points big deal big simous
So how do you like that thing about 3% of the state population are Jewish in Florida that's pretty weak
Yeah 3%
And 99% of them live in Boka
Show me yours I'll show you mine
Norma can't
Mr. Can't this is clear channel we're prepared to offer you
Let's see up there's my Mickey Mantle rookie card
Norma can't
Hello Mr. Can't
Well this is exam
We're looking for an anchor show for our network and would you
Where's my head crane pool
There it is
Norma can't
Hello Mr. Good this is no commissary
I'm following I could find my mark grown very
Oh Norma can't
Ho ho joe bell here
Hi joe
Just call an election no one in agreement for more of the same of nothing to go nowhere is still underway
Okay
I find my school is Joe Jackson card with their ringtone
Ba la
Ba la
Ba la
Ba la
Ba la
Ba la
By the way fake very few
Georges I've said with me how come he called me a couple days ago and we had a long conversation
And he didn't indicate any problem with what anybody said about him having the meeting over there
Hey George
Yeah I think he hates you like boys in them
You didn't give up your money and you didn't quit your job form
Shirley Yann is back surely who brought the forty bucks for George go to Georgia's house in Hollywood Shirley and bring them forty thousand
She says my aunt used to put her quarters in the freezer thinking it would make the machine pay off rest her soul
What?
Cold hard cash I guess but the quarters in the freezer
I guess Shirley's aunt was an idiot
But there's a lot of that going around
Tim says what kind of pool is this man?
Oh you hear that thunder and the oh and rain and crap
Wow
How are we the listers supposed to get our vote in if you don't include the people we want?
What is this man?
You only put in who you want in there so when the voting is over you can say see I told you people love that one
What is that? I thought this was a free country
If we tell you to put a singer on you got to do it
And he doesn't even he doesn't even name a singer
Oh okay great
I won't put a who on there whoever the hell we want to put on how do you like that?
And we will not put on people like Willie Nelson who obviously don't belong on there. Yeah
Tom and Tampus is what happened to George tuning in late obviously very late Tom George got canned
For budgetary reasons so they said he got the blown out
And he's looking for a gig
And obviously very upset with me
Not
No
Got to come up with something better than that fake Barry
They must have like a conference table they sit around over there across the street and they sit around exchange all these goofy ideas
Oh I'll tell Neil Lewis and tell you know like that
You think?
Could be
Peter is back again with his pericomo sketch thing
Sorry to disagree with one of my heroes but you misinterpreted the pericomo sketch
No I did not
He did not have IVs attached to him in bed and the point was not that he was on his deathbed wrong
I remember it like it was yesterday did you see it?
No you said you didn't see it
No
Anybody else ever see that SCTV sketch on takeoff on pericomo?
Coma inducing he had like a
Q
He was laying there in like a step away from death
Singing in bed and barely able to speak and like that that's what the message was not that he was Mr. relaxation
Pete
Relaxing my ass
The Catholic Order is responsible for abusing Ireland's poorest children say they're struggling to come up with money to help their victims
Aww
The investigations into their net worth paint a very different picture that of nuns and brothers worth billions of dollars of
Carefully sheltered assets worldwide billions with a bee
Irish government leaders said yesterday they expect the 18 religious orders involved in abusing children in in workhouse style schools to pay a much greater share of compensation for the
14,000 state recognized victims
They also demanded that the secret of orders reveal the true scope of their wealth for the first time in face-to-face negotiations with the government
We have to ascertain how much they actually have the government is adamant and determined they'll make an appropriate contribution defense minister willio day said
The push follows last week's publication of a nine-year investigation of the widespread sexual physical and psychological abuse of children in church care from the
1930s to 90s when the last of the special schools reformatories and orphanages closed
Yesterday about half of the 18 orders announced they would meet with the government
They reiterated apologies for their role in harming children
But none said that they would contribute more than the promis in a
2002 deal with the government they left taxpayers paying almost all of the 1.5 billion dollar bill to settle the abuse claims
I think George ought to go to the Catholic church and get some money, don't you? Yeah
They're loaded and they're hiding it. That's the worst part
Not just all the abuse that went on but the fact that now they don't want to
Repent repent the spirit of Christ compels you. He's compelling baby
The conference of religious in Ireland and umbrella body said of the 18 orders the 18 orders of planning private strategy session to Marin Dublin to decide on the common approach to the government
First off don't trust anything they say said the Reverend Thomas Duralin American Catholic priest who specializes in canon law and
Champions abuse victims rights and be prepared to follow up the urging for voluntary donations or contributions with some form of force
The order still owes hundreds of boys schools in 20 countries
But U.S. and Canadian lawyers who won multi-million dollar sex abuse cases against the Christian brothers
Accused the order of making itself appear as poor as possible by shifting school ownership to individual members trust corporation to rough sure bodies
The assets and how they hold the rascids is of Byzantine complexity said David Wingfield, a lawyer in Toronto, who's won abuse settlements from Christian brothers schools in Canada from Newfoundland to British Columbia
They have unlimited financial resources to mount litigation and they have absolutely no shame in doing so
A 2001 investigation by Irish broadcasters RTE and the Christian brothers mounting legal fights
Worldwide estimated the orders global property assets including its room headquarters and excessive 1.4 billion dollars
Yesterday the Irish Times Ireland's newspaper record urge the government to go harder after the orders
Michael O'Brien 72 was separated from a seven brother's sisters and cousins when they were placed in separate church run residences in the forties
He suffered repeated rapes and beatings from age eight onward and industrial school run by the rose minion order in the town of Klahnmell
All of these things
All of these things in the name of good old fashioned religion
So you did see doubt yes I did and you liked it and you still you still have doubt yeah you'd leave it with doubt and it's an excellent movie I think
And George didn't like it that's what I hear
Well speaking of movies rich says you've definitely seen the cooler it might have been a while since you were on a plane because it was
Your honor critiqued that movie got me to watch it as soon as it popped up on my satellite dish
Please description is pretty accurate the main characters were Alec Baldwin William H. Macy and Manabello Maria bello
There also were a ton of other familiar faces in it without of whose name to escape me pretty good Flix is rich the cooler. Yeah, it sounds familiar
Eddie says I can't believe someone actually said Willie Nelson. Why don't you just add Conway 22?
I'm sad George is gone, but we'll always listen as long as you're on says Eddie
Thanks Eddie
And Carl says I know you're not interested in this but it's interesting the money aspects of game marriage
Oh my god
And I'm not interested it's a long article about something going on in Provincetown mass where there's just tons of gay people
case you haven't noticed you ever been to Provincetown I know me either
I've got about as much interest in going to Provincetown as I have going to a Key West which is none yeah I've only been to Boston
I lived in Boston for two years yeah that's great 60s on Commonwealth Avenue what that's a great city
It is a great city and like I said that's where I got fat. That's where I ate and ate and ate Prince spaghetti house and Briggum's ice cream all
And those great grinders sub sandwiches. I mean you know there's some some people think they know a great sub sandwich
Hogi's and grinders those are the real subs. Oh my god just to die for
I think the best subs I ever had in my life was when I was 16 years old at
Bella Snyder's summer camp in inlet in New York of any Adirondex and we would bunch of us we would walk into town like a lunchtime and we would buy these grinders
Oh my god just just a memory of them makes me or go nuts that's 50 years ago
See what a glutton I am of course you wouldn't want because it's got all kinds of meats in it you know yeah
And cheese love to eat the bread though I guess I'll give you the bread and I'll just eat the contents no I eat cheese to you do eat cheese yeah
Well you're pretty selective you're a locked o' lavo smenrick right over lacto
Well how is it you decide what you do eat and what you don't if it was alive I don't eat it
If it was alive well I know plants are alive but plants were alive there's I think plants have feelings no I don't think they have feelings
Plants have feelings can't you imagine when they cut that when they chop open that head a lettuce my God what if they chopped open your head when you scream yeah I think the plant scream would very quietly
I'm not trying to make fun of your fetish or your thing but like that one guy said you know I've got a gambling problem yeah you're serious what you're an addict yeah I'm addicted to slots
It's my hobby and I've always said it's an expensive hobby and it's a fool's proposition because in the long one you're gonna lose your ass but I enjoy it I have fun there I like it
And there's some people in the audience who think that I have to explain to them and you have to explain all of us on the year we owe them an explanation
For what we like to do and where we go and how we spend our money in yada yada all this other crap all those people that were giving me a sudden an answer about how I should just walk out when they can George or how I should pay his salary
How much money did they bring him last Friday
Zero
That I saw
How much cash how many checks did he collect at the hard rock to the best of our knowledge
Zero zippity do dog but it's easy for you to say oh when you're making the big bucks you should take care of George in fact this weekend
I got to send your friend chicken neck a big check big check I'm keeping him alive
I'm keeping after the free world alive for crying out loud you people out there with a big mouth and all these and all this expertise you take care of George
Would make me very happy
Like Shirley who brought him that four dollars at time at Gulfstream was it four forty four to forty bucks forty bucks
And I bet you that Shirley is a schlepper I bet you she don't have two nickels to rub together but in the meantime she cared enough and she liked George enough to bring him forty bucks
How much of you people bring in him
Frankie says listening to mad dog is like listening to a man with ADD he'll tease something into the break never get back to it for the rest of the show
Well, that's just to keep you listening Frank
Oh, this is supposed to be very funny. Did you add Katie laying to your polls is Frank?
Aha, aha, aha
Nothing worse than people try to be funny who are not
Oh
This is on this is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hour
You're very my name is very
Sing like a fairy I write bad songs about romance while I'm wearing spandex pants. I'm kind of strippy
I had a series of big hits and that was back in 76 now no one longs to hit they only laughed and sneer
They wanted me they all my albums but my songs are queer got a nose shape like a banana
My two fans both live in Montana
He got a nose shape like a banana
My nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I
Write the song
I've got a hug girl the size of the Empress
Where I get it stuff the nose I be dressed in a hose but now upon the case my life is back in place and so I'm singing again and sticky
My snows in your face got a nose shape like a banana
My two fans both live in Montana
He got a nose shape like a banana
Oh my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I write the song
Like a banana
Like a banana
Like a banana
Oh geez I just made it back in time
Oh well I had to go get my Chinese menu to order a lunch
Chinese again huh
What do you mean again you had the mushroom egg for you young right the other day
We had a couple days ago
Well Chinese is good for you isn't that what you said yeah and it tastes good and they have a lot of vegetarian crap
Yep not that I care I'm going to get the beef and just as a protest to your um I'm going to like you know
Wait in the other direction okay
To compensate for your attempt to save the planet anything that's alive
It's alive
Chuck says those netwits who claim the SETV skip was meant to demonstrate that Peri Como was laid back
Are quoting from the Wikipedia entry for Peri Como and from the trivia section of that
And Chuck says Wikipedia will be the ruin of us all
Thanks Chuck he's right
They put some pseudo intellectual explanation for something that was funny as hell I mean just hysterical
One of the funniest skits in the history of TV
See one thing about me if I watch a movie I mean you know
Sometimes there's something complicated
And you wonder you know what the hell was that supposed to mean
But generally speaking if I'm watching a TV show or a movie
I understand what I'm watching I get the message I get to joke whatever
I don't need somebody in the audience to explain to me what I just saw or what I saw 20 years ago
Oh no Neal you're wrong you're so wrong it was just that he was laid back yeah laid back on his ass
Oh my god let me block the Stephen Alexander
This is I think this is probably Dan from Maryland
Come back reincarnated
There there is a group of people out there who think the purpose of this show and doing emails is so that they personally can do a back and forth with me for four hours every day
Not interested
Robert says in my personal opinion Frity Mercury was the best male singer of all time
However I agree with you on Steve Tyler I would rate him in the top five of course I'm probably used to the fact that
Erosmith and Queen are two of my favorite bands I'm probably biased through that
Also I cannot understand how Frank Sinatra has got 47 votes and David Bowie's only got three that's because we got a lot of old parts out there I guess
Yeah I've never understood the popularity of Frank Sinatra I don't think he was even as good as Dean Martin
Oh now you're getting carried away Bobby
Oh my god and if that isn't bad enough Tim and Miami who's usually a very good emailer but I think he's losing it
Wait did you hear this you know what he left it to the poll too real quick is Harry Connick Jr
Thank God some people liking he couldn't sing as well some people like dog food too okay
How about a can of alpo tomorrow it's vegetarian no it's not it's got meat and it's got rotten meat
Harry Connick Jr you must be joking me aren't you a little bit trying to establish it the that was up three and a half points
Wow it's not doing much and there's that the judge soda my ore
Isn't that interesting how the pronunciation of her name kept changing during the day yesterday as they kept talking about the story
So Nya Soda my ore yeah first she was Soda Mayor and actually Soda my ore and according to Rush she's a racist
Yeah you know here's a guy that is one of the worst racists in the history of the human race has said stuff on the ear that got him canned
And that he's calling her a racist right talk about the pot calling the kettle pink rush you pill popping hypocrite phony
God
Anyway can I get back to Tim yes I not that there's any hurry
All the way do have to order Chinese
Neil I know you're thinking outside opera singers that's right but how about on Rico Caruso nearly every
Victola played a 78 platter recording of him well guess what we're not looking for people who listened to their music on 78
Victrolas yeah we had one a hundred years ago did you ever have a a Victola with a 78 rpm no see
You ever see 78s they were brittle they were thick and brittle no and if you dropped them they would crack break like right in half
And the needles for the 78 they were like they were like thick
Thick is your thumb almost I mean really thick needles the grooves were like real thick and the needles were thick 78
Crack up late about the quality because there wasn't any
We had a bunch of old 78s Al Jolson records oh boy
And Rico Caruso and it's got his whole thing it was an entitled I don't care who he was
Caruso's enormous record sales and extraordinary voice celebrated for its beauty power and unequal richness of tone
Made him the number one male operatic star of his era such was his influence on singing style
Virtually all subsequent Italian Spanish tenors and most non-meditoring in tenors to have been airs to a greater or lesser extent
Okay I'm glad you like him Tim enjoy your 78s
Oh Ishma Ahmed's bag oh my Ishma you bug me you bother me a lot
He's saying Dean Martin ought to be on there although you said Harry Conor Jr. that to me is just shocking
Shocking
Were you joking or were you cereal no I was joking a bit no you weren't I know you don't know now you're embarrassed that I turned on you about that
No I know that you don't like them I think he's an okay singer I think some people would say that maybe he's a famous wait a minute wait a minute
You think he's an okay singer right let me let me go back to the poll question name an okay singer
The best male singer of all time is right he wouldn't get my vote but he might get somebody's vote as the best singer of all time
Okay go ahead and put him on there okay for makes you happy that's our goal here is to make the producer happy
As George I'll tell you the feed you and keep you well fed which we did before although next week we don't have a deal I guess
That's what dovetail me when he called me the other day called me a Monday morning had to call me because he couldn't speak to me in the studio because we don't have a studio yet
Right
Now that I'm complaining you understand it's question of priorities and we were obviously not a very high one we're not high on the list
And for a guy who I thought had so much clout with jolly Joe you just can't move him off the dime can you
No it didn't seem like just remember that word encoded
Okay
What guarantee is there that your people are properly encoding the signal all the time that's what somebody out there wants to know I'm just thinking out loud
I am trying to find explanations for these disastrous ridiculous laughable numbers
Maybe we've got a technical glitch there you know it could be and it could only be between like ten and two I don't know
Doesn't that make sense to you logical if you're not
Boy here's here is an email that goes on for 65,000 words this could take us till two o'clock now it's not that long
From Eric Thursday May 14th that's last two weeks ago today
Regarding George
Should I should I go with this or not I don't have any new stuff. There's nothing new on there. Yeah, because one once they ran out of names of singers see that's a bad part
That's why I hate that poll building
Oh
My god this Harry Potter go away here and blocking you too you you've lost to this guy used to be like a regular normal guy and now he's a crazy person
Your favorite movie list is too narrow a narrow well those are the movies I like okay here's another guy trying to tell me what movies I should like
You know I said something to somebody the other day to my cabbie we have we have a stirracle conversation. He's a really funny guy
And I said there's only one problem in the world. You know what that is?
People
So I South Florida. It's paradise the only problem with South Florida is the wrong people live there needs a people trans plan
It's beautiful all the beautiful palm trees and the ocean and all the stuff natural crap
But the people are what makes South Florida what it is which is more better better than you or me
Better you than me whatever that was Steve Lapa
Oh
From your co-imaginate large Sam Hirsch who I'm sure is dead
Is need a guy used to do the dog racing shows on channel 51 okay 100 years ago
Forget about Caruso says somebody who's to listen to Mario Lonza's the young child says Dorothy and Halondale
Well, thanks Dorothy good for you Mario Lonza. He choked on a ham sandwich or something like that and died kind of like mama Cass
That's urban legend. I'm sure
Because mama Cass didn't die from choking on a ham sandwich either. Why not Google it and find out how she really died
Okay, maybe she died from
fat from gluttony
Speaking of ordering Chinese
The that was up 20 points things are really looking up boys and girls
Freddie Mercury's got 103 votes 11 is in second place. That's disgusting 583 votes not too bad considering nobody's listening
Oh
Smoke
It's time for your first love your upset
No, we can bake
No, but it says not even shake
You can't deal
You have to leave
You go out
Just find weed
Your money's tight
You can't see
Another way
To fill your need
Oh you try to think of who could score you some, but oh yeah
Yeah, almost whist of booze
Hipers like the passion oh yeah don't have to scrape it. You're addicted to bud
My
Oh
Information on mama Cass's death also if you'd like to know when the delivery comes I might have to punch a button and
Let the moon with the entry code. Yes, go ahead. Okay. Well, here's where it all comes together
I've at least noted that a partially eaten sandwich have been found in her room and speculated that she may have choke while eating it
When the corners autopsy was before no food was found in her trachea and the cause of death was determined to have been heart failure and that she died in her sleep
Now this is kind of a weird fact though. Elliot died in the same flat number 12 at nine cruise in place where drummer Keith moon of the who died
Oh my god
Weird that's right
Anyway, she was born September, 19, 1941. She died July 29, 1974. She was born Ellen Naomi Cohen
Did you know that did you know mama Cass was Jewish not until just now Ellen Naomi Cohen boy you can't get much more Jewish than that
After the group broke up she had a successful solo career releasing five studio albums
Elliot was found dead in a room in London from an apparent heart attack after two so a lot of performances at the palladium
Mama Cass she's still dead by the way. Yeah
What a shame she was good she could belt it out
Man only 32
Yeah, what a waste anyway, you'll be pleased to know that I've already ordered my lunch. Oh good lunch for me in Paco
I had ordered some crispy ginger chicken now do you eat chicken on your vegetarian campaign or not? Yeah, you do not eat chicken. Yeah
What do you eat vegetables tofu pastas tofu? Oh my god?
You gotta be kidding me
It's fine. Yeah, it's not for everyone
How about chop sui
Chicken chop sui I guess you'd have to give vegetarian yeah anyway crispy ginger chicken which is tender strips of chicken and light
Better deep fried and tossed in the chef's special sauce into die from four sounds good and I also got
Ushing beef set one style. That's awesome saute true. Well, how do you know it's awesome?
I mean I used to eat meat and I love shes one because it's got the spicy sauteed strips of beef with wood ear mushrooms water chestnuts bamboo shoots and
Our spicy garlic sauce that particular dishes out of this world. I had it for the first time the other day. Yeah along with my egg full young
Awesome real spicy
See you don't miss the meat. How is that what you're saying because I don't nobody believes you no
Of course I miss some things like filet and yon shrimp scallops
When it had been nice if 15 street fisheries would have brought you a nice juicy steak today. I'd been good
He wouldn't have eaten it that would you've eaten it? Yeah?
Well, why not because I don't even there are people out there who can't afford a nice juicy steak people listening to us right now
We're done in their luck. It's a bad economy, baby
And somebody might bring you a big nice juicy sirloin steak cooked to perfection
And you're gonna leave it sitting there you're gonna give it to bluff or somebody else in that building yeah
Well both of these good people he's the him and the Steve's stone are the only people in sales department we even know I'm on a year right
So you can take care of them don't take care of clearance now if you feed him make sure you put something special extra on it
It's you have special sauce. Yeah, I'm sure you didn't come off something
Here is one from your Cromugin at large Sam Hirsch
Says you're wrong regarding Steve lap on the James crystal radio group
Joyce the pastrami slinger queen is marvelous radio hostess
You would be an honor for you to be employed by this fine organization
You should also consider being employed by Adam captain truth clats off or Adam's work. Oh
My god
This is about mr. Eagle while we don't discuss him or any of that stuff on his show
Some of these people are trying to keep their names alive by by virtue of me being on the year with my ten listeners
Forget it. Mm-hmm. All done playing that game nobody knows nobody cares nobody knows where to find those people anymore and if they did they still wouldn't find it
At least we show up in this new methodology, which is more than I can say for them
Peter says greetings from London
Sorry to hear about George. I didn't mind him. Well, it isn't that a great endorsement. I didn't mind him. That's nice
Although my Cuban wife is glad he got the sack still a great show near when I'm not working. I listen well. Thanks Peter
greetings
Ed says Edden Ford Lauderdale says for years I've listened you talk about several places you've been including Chicago
Now you've been to Chicago. I like ten times. What a great sitting love it great food nice people the downtown is clean
You could eat off the sidewalk the loop
Ed says I had my first chance to visit Chicago last week when a beautiful place the people were great and the food was superb
People get so used to living in South Florida. They forget there's a real world out there
I'm looking forward to going back soon long long long time listener in Ford Lauderdale. Thanks Ed
Glad you enjoyed it. Yeah, my dad's from there. Is he really? Mm-hmm or was?
Sportsman's park Washington Park. I remember the old days of driving a Chicago to order the track
We used to go up to the taste of Chicago and walk the streets, grabs and eats and it had over to wriggle for a ballgame
Yeah, we went to wriggle at IOD we went to I think three games
Remember Mark Grace hitting a home run on the bottom of the 10th inning to one world of the games Mark Grace. Oh, yeah
Good old mark. Those were the days man Ryan Sandberg. Good second Mark Grace. That was my favorite player Ryan Sandberg Vance law of third
Ron say for a little bit. Never had never had Ron say for a little while
They did oh, yeah, that's right the penguin. Oh, yeah, and Jody. What was the catcher Jody?
Yeah, Jody Fox
Jody Davis Jody Davis very good. Yeah, and then of course the ex-Marlins manager Joe
Gerardi. Yeah. Oh, yeah catching who is one of the catchers Andre Dawson played in the outfield for a while the hawk in right field. That's right. Yep
Who is in center field?
Wow, I can't remember come on. I don't remember either. Yeah
Well, we don't want to get back in all this old baseball tribute because this audience all we're doing not doing a sports show Neil
Come on, but we forgot Sean Dunston in the shadow. Sean Dunston in short. That's right. Yep
SHAW O.N. Is there anybody else in the history of the human race who's ever been named Shaw Shaw on? I don't think so. No Sean
He was an excellent fielder and very fast bass runner, but boy. He's your struck out a lot Sean. Yeah, Sean. Yep
Cannon him an arm though. Yeah, good fielder
I'm trying to think who played center field
Some dark, complex kid maybe
Anyway, Bob Loblaws says thank God you're back on the air boy. Sure like your supermarkets Bob
You ever shopped at Loblaws?
Never heard of it
Loblaws, it's an upstate in New York and Toronto with place
Loblaws like IGA do you ever hear of IGA supermarkets? Yeah
You did
You have a pigly wiggly in Chicago. They got pigly wiggly of course and Atlanta too do they really oh you worked in Atlanta or lived there
I lived there for a summer after college. Oh, how sad
You liked Atlanta
Um, it has it's you know good and bad parts. I wouldn't live there. I don't think Jerome Walton
There you go. Wasn't he the center fielder? Yep
He wasn't a great player, but he's pretty good
Anyway, Bob Loblaws says I know the previous couple of weeks must have been difficult for you to say the best Bob
Moe difficile I
To have been a recent victim of forced exile my exile came from the lounge a message board devoted to the driving of our bent leaves
The purchasing of coach bags for our wives or girlfriends lusting after the teenage pool of alter Allison Stokey
Whoever that is posting pictures of published French newscasters
Ranting about the uses of power perpetrated by policemen
Wining about the decrepit state of University of Miami athletics and so on
Sounds like a hell of a time Bob
Anyway to get to the point I made the mistake of having the same username on another message board
And as a result a confession which I made regarding my inability to become and maintain being aroused while trying to pleasure my now ex-girlfriend came to light
Oh, and of course not about his manhood
So
Anyway, since this came to light I've basically had to exile myself from a message board of which until now
I've been a well well respected longstanding member
No pun intended. I don't know if I ever be able to return. Thank God that your fate wasn't as bad
The awesome oh Bob Loblaw. How do you like that?
Hey
They were gonna make me believe gardens into a gigantic Loblaws, but I never materialized when they moved to the air can of the center
It's still there and still says me believe gardens
Well, that was a great place. What atmosphere see that's one thing. I know it sounds a little funny
Dirty like you're talking about really field. Yeah
Someday they're gonna have to like tear down or build a new stadium and here's the old outfield for the Cubs to Raphael Palmero
Right Dave Martinez
Who Dave Martinez? Oh, I love Dave Martinez and Andre Dawson. That was if that was your starting outfield
The late 18 Dave Martinez whose wife was he banging there was some of the scandal involved there and then they treated him away. Oh, I don't know
Maybe I'm got the wrong guy. I don't think so. I think it was pretty much Dave Martinez. What I think I
Think it was Ryan Sandberg's wife, but anyway, you didn't hear that from me
No, that was the rumor that was the popular rumor at the time that really yeah, he was didlin
Well, and I don't know what Ryan Sandberg's wife wanted. He was a good-looking guy. Yeah, although maybe he just wasn't you know
Who knows what goes on behind closed doors? You know on a sand, right?
That was the rumor and I liked Dave Martinez a lot
He was my kind of guy
I
Haven't heard anything as funny as the addicted to bud song you just played says Leonardo as the intro to the 115 segment in a long time
That song definitely deserves to be played more often. I can play it again
By the way, I have to agree with the majority of voters today because Freddie Mercury
Could definitely sing his lungs out not only do you have a smooth voice?
You could if the all the notes on the scale. I'm not debating it. I didn't vote for him, but I have no problem that
Larry says Neil you are not one of the best you are the best yes the transition from George to flea is remarkable
Don't get me wrong. I miss George but flea is adequate
It's really you many of us tune into here that could put three stooges in there with you and you would kick ass three stooges
Whatever happened at Tracy Neely from polygram. I had a big question or many years ago and closing life is short
So I say punch your brains out says Larry. Thanks Larry. All or today. I'm eating lunch instead of
Just in time for your voice tonight happy. Shivuas to all you Jewish 131 a.m
What is your voice? I have no idea
What do you mean you're a little bit Jewish very little?
Evidently I think that up bringing in Tampa kind of a de-ju-du you know what it is your voice
Yeah, okay, who are you asking Brian Specter? He's pretty Jewish. He doesn't know either sure sounds like it
Yeah, well happy Shivuas Brian whose Brian Specter he's the producer for the big oh show really the big oh, yeah
Well, what do you know about the big oh?
What's he heard about Sid the Rosenstein? I don't know I'm looking right at him though
He just said no, I'm the guy
I don't understand I know you sound a little bit out of sorts. Lanyan Kendall. You're looking at who the big oh?
Yeah, he's sitting in the studio
Is he want to come on with us? I don't know you want to come on out hang on let me see if I can get his mic on
Here Mike one right I think so
Haven't worked out room yet never worked what room the room that he's in
Neil God good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon. Big O. How you doing my friend? No, not much. You know me
I'm always left in the dark
I'm like Johnny dark like a mushroom
You hanging in there. I'm hanging man. I'm just I'm still here
I show up every day that I'm supposed to and even some days when I'm not 30 years strong, baby
That's all right. Get it right 33. Yes, sir. So you're not gonna have jerked your suite on are you? No?
And what about Ira Winbag?
Yes, we have I run
often yes, no, no
That explains a lot now if you do that voluntarily or are you being coerced in doing that?
No, no, I do that voluntarily has he got naked pictures of clearance in a billy go to well. What's the story with him?
He's a good reporter man. He doesn't get out of here. He's a good reporter
He sounds like a little girl for quite an hour. He makes gildies sound like water crunchy
Ira Winbag. He's a good reporter. No, why why don't you come clean for once?
One of your sports guys come on a year
This is your opportunity and be honest with the audience and tell us why you continue to voice these clowns on the audience
Oh, come on. You're you're just bad man. Why why you got to call the guy a clown?
He works hard. He covers the team on a decent terminal coma inducing
He makes very comos seem like a Mexican jumping beat you're not a
Yeah, you're not a sports hole like we are. That's why oh talk about boring. Wow, you know us. We have no lives
If it's not Jack or Jimmy and Danny and Lebron and Lebron and Lebron
Yeah, let's hear a lot more about Lebron over and over and over again Lebron and Lebron
He's his ass is about to go home tonight. Of course. I can't talk about anybody else now that we got to nobody listening to the show anymore
Come on, you know, that's a fluke
You got a you got to turn you'll I think it's a conspiracy not that I'm paranoid or anything like that
I think there's something really hanky spanky going on there. Who would you hammer at the at the
Arvertron
Did you take any shots on anybody over there?
I'd like to go out down to the Beltsville, Maryland and just blow all their brains out if we could find where they are
There you go
Lany and Kendall says someone's still my thunder now
Who would you vote for for the best male singer of all time? You're I haven't heard the whole list
I mean I'm a huge Steven Tyler fan. I'm a
Don't tell that to flee at aero smith just absolutely kicks ass. I got my
Green with that. I got my daughter hooked on aero smith now
We're going we're going to the concert next month at zero smith and
ZZ top at the heart. Yeah, if I'm correct, right? Is it the heart? No, the big Atlantic Center. Yeah, it's the BAC and then I know you've got
Freddie Mercury who else is on the list Freddie Mercury's
You want me to read the whole list? Yeah, well at least the one thing is still about 230
No, just in the spare from your show. What are the top five? Any Freddie Mercury Elvis?
Frank Sinatra or Bison Marvin Gaye Elton John Johnny mattress Jim Morrison Palm Academy Billy Joel and that King Cole
I'll just read the one and double digits Wow
Burton Cummings Luis Miguel Michael Jackson Stevie Tyler and John Lemon and Robert Plant is Luis Miguel on that list
Just because of your man crush on them
Well, what is that man crush? See there it is before and I agree with him man crush my ass. How about fag
No, Luis Miguel is great. You don't think he's a great singer
You know what it's just that what what cut into flee there all of a sudden the way most animated he's been all day
That was funny man. I get what I listen to Spanish. It's not a man crush. It's a fag crush
I'm not pretending. It's like oh, it's a man crush that is so wimpy, you know
Well, that's that's for us homophobes on this side the
That was a big point. Yeah, the sports guys have all got to pretend to be very homophobic
Exactly. So I think pretend is the word right exactly. Jay Black is only got nine
I voted for him but you got you got Frank Sinatra on that list. You got Stephen Tyler on that list. You got I mean
Well, Bobby to mall back to me. You know, Bono is on there Lou Graham forner is on there Paul Rogers from bad companies on there
Yeah, Lou Graham don't have any votes by the way. You want to know why?
Niels is nobody knows who he is. I mean forner is great. Everybody loves forner
Yeah, but I until today I never even knew who the lead singer was right. He's he's he's terrific and Niels
Gonna hate this because I've heard him say this before but I love Bono and you too. I don't know. I knew it
Good thing the Chinese is coming. I haven't even yet. I listen. I've listened to you enough over the decades
I know you hate you too. I just don't understand that whole deal
What's what the big deal is with them and with him and he's gonna save the world from itself and all those other crap
At least he's a good guy at least he's trying to do good. That's right. Just like us here at QM
We're trying to do good to see if we can fire everybody by the end of the decade some of these jerks that make all this money and
Intertaming don't give anything back. What so ever yeah, at least this guy's trying to give some back and mom
Acastate back part of that Salami sandwich. Yeah, that must have been really disgusting. I don't think she choked on a sandwich
Just an urban legend
Anyway, Lanny says even though I hate opera never listen to it except by accident the singers have great voices including Caruso the three tenors
Etc. Yeah, but that puts me to sleep. We're not we're not interested in that superluxual crap. That's the cure for insomnia right there
Just putting on opera no sports talk is the cure for insomnia
You're looking for modern pop sing and and Ira Windbag. He is the ultimate cure for insomnia
I don't think old show is the cure for insomnia
Ira could put a
Flock of Mexican jumping beans to sleep in 10 seconds or less although he may he makes Drew Rosenstein sound like god
Drew Rosencrantz
Berg now are these people actually getting paid still I have no idea
I don't know who gets paid who doesn't get paid but some of them are getting still getting paid
I don't know they couldn't afford to pay George, but they can afford to pay these losers these these newspaper losers
No, that's for the big shows the little shows like myself we get no help like that
You can't afford to pay your guests. No, we can't so Ira does your show for free. Exactly. Why is it necessary for him to be on all the sports shows
Is he that important? Well, he's kind of like our heat insiders so when something he's related or he'd insider
for exactly so
Something happens with you know he comes in and and and gives us the info yeah
And I'm sure you tune in to every second then I resume oh and then what's this with you and Jimmy syphilis? What's that all about?
I get he got all been out of shape. What can I do?
I mean I took the high road and just uh, let him vent he did get his panties and a wide yeah, he did
He really did he got all he got all he thinks his stuff don't stink now. Now that he's a big right wing
I would detox your host. He thinks he's a hot stuff
Well some of these guys they want you they want you to play the company line
I'm not the company guy. I just don't do that. I call it like I see it and
Sometimes they get all been out of shape and I guess he got his panties in a way
I'm not trying to say that Jimmy is a shield for the organization. I know
I wouldn't I would never say that of course he is
He couldn't even get the the first two draft picks names right first two Jason Schmidt
What the hell is that he's picky don't know Schmidt. I know that
Exactly
Well, it's been a real treat having you. I don't think we've ever done this before. Have we? No never
I don't think we've ever done this and and maybe when we have that Neil Roger studio finished
We'll invite you to come back again if we have ever happens anytime my friend because we come last
That's one thing. That's what jolly joe has let me know is when it comes to priorities the Neil Roger show is dead last
Last in the ratings last in our list
I'm sure you'll turn around that first one
And say how to sit by the way. He's the real ass clown you got it my friend. See you later. Bye
Neil God okay, listen up everybody following pressure by state authorities
We've decided to pull our erotic services ads from the main Craigslist page and we've moved those to a new category
Adult services where they can be monitored. Excuse me sir. Yeah, go ahead Gina
Well, does this include the anonymous roadside rest area sex posting?
No, because that's not really an erotic service. That's just a standard one of the middle Craigslist posting
Okay, fine, but we are moving our gaze seeking rusty trombone and dirty sands as people locator
Postings well Gina. I pay good money to use the people locator and trust me the whole experience has been very erotic
Okay, fine. I understand that but what about the postings for men seeking women for missionary style love making
Gina Gina, seriously you that's not erotic. No, that's not yeah, I think that ends the meeting thanks everybody nice
Half off the boobies of the buffet
Yeah, particularly wiggly I
145 and we were just talking about pigly wiggly right yeah
Yeah, the big old was doing okay until he said about my man crush on Luis Miel he said that right not you. No, that was him. Yeah. Oh my god
Why do these sports nerds say that?
I don't know is that a cover-up for being gay you know exactly having a hot spursome good looking guy. Yeah
The chronic in montaulk, New York says Lou Graham formerly a foreigner is on your pull twice
Right, I asked Eric to remove that it just I don't know for some reason when I hit submit it posted it twice
The second listing has no votes the first has two or three including mine he says also please keep us up to date about George
Well, we just had a George update a while ago and you said nothing new right and very jackass says George is pissed off at me for talking about his meeting with Steve
White which I don't believe that yeah because George would have said the not for broadcast don't put the you know something like that
Because George is not bashful, you know what I mean? Yeah, I don't
The fake time jiculous is Neil and big old some of the funniest radio in some time you still have it Neil
That was some of the funnest radio in in a long time. It's a pretty good segment. That's for sure
Yeah, well, it was a good segment. It was fun. It was a good idea. Yeah
And I wish nothing but the best for the big old because I know that his head is on the chopping block and he got their sites on him
You know
This is like you know at the
What do they call the places in the Midwest where they where they kill the a candle slaughterhouses?
It's like the beastly slaughterhouse just line up like the cows and
Wait till you get to the chopping block and it boob there goes your head
You think the cows are nervous. I know I am
Being the vegetarian that you are. I'm sure they're nervous because animals can smell death
So I've been told I mean, I don't know that for a fact, but
I know some of my trips to woodbine. I feel like I can smell death. Oh god. No, seriously some of these
Some of these European people. I mean, I swear to you and some of these Chinese people
I shouldn't say that because the Chinese delivery persons come in soon
So I might have to run in the other room when I hear they be
You know the phone rings a couple just two short times. I mean you got a buzzerman. We can't let the paco actually answer the door
He's not here yet. Oh, he don't he don't show up till the food arrives. Nice. That's a good gig
Also the fake time jikers says I'm listening online today the song cocaine keeps playing during the breaks
Am I missing something is this an inside joke? I don't know because I have no idea what goes on on the online on the stream
I put a couple of fake bits in there like fake commercials. Yeah
Being the troublemaker and ocean oprovaka tour that you are trying to keep the people entertained while they're listening online
animals can smell death
Some must not be too fun standing in that assembly line. You know why they're waiting to get their head chopped off. No
And the same with the
Pigs with those big pig noses they got I bet you they can smell it
I don't know if I asked you this or George did you ever go on a highway and find yourself driving next to a pig truck
No, I have not oh
And you got the window rolled down oh
The worst aroma in history even worse than the smelly Chinese monowood wine is a pig truck
Well, I know that the pig farms are really bad for the environment
Really? Yeah, because of the gases that they give off and it stepped at leaks into the water duct pigs give off gas
Well, I can play something but I can't no don't do that
See I just want to make a point. I was thinking about this. I was reading something. Oh, you still got it
Let me say this to you. I'm not doing the near Roger show anymore. I'm still near Roger's
I'm still sitting in this studio here in Toronto. I'm still in the chair
Still got this equipment here that usually works
but
Well, this is not the near Roger show anymore. This is Joe Bell and Joyce Fitch's version of the near Roger show
Do you know I mean right and we were talking on Monday when you were off
You know, we have a list of words that you can't say in the studio. This is how juvenile this company is the bad words
That we can't say aren't even spelled out they're using like asterisk and the iconic book for good words parts
I mean god forbid seriously. I want to burn in hell. Hey happy. She'll always by the way Joyce
Ron from Miami says and Shavuas is the anniversary of God giving the Torah to the Jews. Oh
Orthodox youth stay up all night in shul and study the Torah eat yummy blinces nice cream
Oh, that sounds good to me the last part. Oh, I'm staying up in shul and reading the Torah. Baruch at the outer night
All the bubble mice is all the time
Good yom tov says Ron from Miami and back at you Ron happy Shavuas
It's one thing about the Jewish holidays man. We got some really nifty names for howdy simkhas Torah
Sookus
Shavuas. Shavuas is gotta be one of the best
And then of course for the home entasian lovers
There's always happy plan that too and have the season pace off
David I was thinking David might be emailing me something about the shul and shul
Because his last name is very Jewish but no the best male singer David you'd have been way ahead of the game if you wouldn't the sent this to me please
David says the best male singer bar none in his day and even beyond the grave in my opinion would be Robert Goulet oh my god
I'd vote for Barry Manelow before I vote for Robert Goulet wow
Is he dead Robert Goulet? I don't know maybe I'll check
I
Think Michelle Goulet who used to play for the black hawks hockey player. I think he's dead
Already played for the assabers. I don't know
This thing about the opera singers oh brother
Anyway, Lanyan Kendall says don't tell my wife. I like Bob Seger in the silver bullet band because his music is the one I can dance to and still feel close to the woman
I'm where I watch your hips
I watch her hips. How do you like that Lany? Something like a real prevert to me. I won't we won't tell your wife Lany
Are you googling?
Robert Goulet yeah, I'm trying to find out if you don't care whether he's a lover. I remember that silly ass must actually had his his kind of music could just oh
Like M.O.R. stations used to play you know stations that would place an otter a slush
Like the stations that are getting the big ratings and the new arbitrage methodology. You know slush the coast life
crap like that
Robert Goulet my ass
That was of 77 point
You finding Robert Goulet maybe not spelling it right. Yeah, you L.E.T. Yeah, I was spelling it wrong. You were
What an income poop?
By the way, somebody gave you the business. I didn't read it about E.O. Gima
yesterday
Yeah, I can plot E.O. Gima
Yesterday
Yeah, I couldn't pronounce her in
Yeah, get with it get with your Japanese man
My Chinese delivery guy will be here any second on the ugly Chinese delivery guy
Henry says this is this is the dumbest suggestion in a long time not of all time, but it's in there. It's in the running
Henry says instead of blocking the emailers try replying to them. I don't have time to reply to them
I did reply to that Stephen Alexander guys a good-life smoke and then I blocked them Robert Goulet somebody what he died October 30th
2007
Henry or you mean the Robert Goulet yeah 2007
So he's been he's not even warm anymore. No, I was eating a salami sandwich or what?
kosher hot dog it says
kosher weenie huh I never knew that about Robert Goulet gay till this moment
I'm on the wrong channel. I got to get on the city pulse
So I know what time it is so we can get out of here in time
It's one thing about us we always get out on time
Am I right? I mean to show me sucks some days like a lot of days, but we get out of here on time
Let's get a cool start in purple jelly bean
Oh
The hardburn
I cm
Every part at witch
President
I don't know why they want this young but now he's here
First grew the neck for years with President Thump
I don't know why they want this young but now he's here
First grew the neck for years with President Thump
I don't know why they want this young but now he's here
First grew the neck for years with President Thump
I don't know why they want this young but now he's here
We've got a great leader here with President Thump
President Thump
President Thump
