Thank you so much for being with us and don't forget Neil Rogers is coming up next it's 10 o'clock
The view expressed on pretty pissed off about that pohoku situation are two and you know what like those of the
Yeah pohuki where they got that great frozen and me frozen cherry pie
I think I'll hope you guys
560 now but you know I am my avi board the lotterdale
You know what I haven't heard the two words I haven't heard in a couple of days now
No
Oh, yeah, I don't think it's a problem
Thought everybody was croaking I think it flew away
560 wqam blue sense the Neil Rogers show oh my god
Dyle 5 670 560 in day George is still with us another day
right under blackboard
Neil or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones the opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his college
Do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors. No, the Neil Rogers show on 560 wqam. Neil God
But
I
I'm insane on that part of the clone
Things are really bad
With all those guns
What will spill?
As I watch them get each other
I keep on going
Thanks on CNN
Nice for raising his barb the star
That means super
He gets two paychecks that way
I beg your pardon?
He gets two paychecks that way
Yeah
All the Getskis all the time baby
All the religious fanatics
He's a kosher, a wizard, halal
It has a nine point
The barb the star looked just like the hopper
There would be smile on each of those
Find Hunt fluid
The four way left and said
Yes, we're not all gonna croak that soon
Although you never know
1003 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday too
Georgia still with us
Oh isn't that all just stick me
Are you just making that up?
Tom jicke thank goodness wrote that piece in the paper
Now if Tommy jicke writes it you know
It can't be a BS
Right the real Tom jicke right
Right
And far and away that's our most red story
On our bedtime story so far
Far and away
Now ishma Ahmed writes
Like you always say what goes around comes around
I'm I supposed to be able to decipher that what does that mean?
I don't know
Like you always say what goes around comes around
Ahmed ishma
Ishmaq I have no idea what that means
Maybe it could be a little more explicit
What you be talking about
What you be talking about ishma
Ahmed Mohammed shorts
Here's the poll result from yesterday
But we got a thousand and twelve votes
Let's hear it oh
Thousand twelve vote
Why sure got to think cranked up pretty high today
How about oh wow
Good everybody awakened
Who's the next big celebrity to die
Thousand twelve votes
Pharafosad 421
Patrick Swayze 205
He's got a lung problem
Now is that a
Smoking thing or what
I don't know
In his case
I don't really care
I don't want to sound insensitive
But I never liked Patrick Swayze in the first place
In fact, I dislike him intensely
And I thought I hope he dies or anything like that
But he will
Mickey Rooney 1-0-8
He's going to die someday
What do we figure out?
He's like 90 almost
Almost
Dan near 90
Little Mickey Rooney
Don I'm a 55
Dead man in a chair
Queen Elizabeth the 2th 40
John Madden 39
Liz Taylor was a late addition and she
She jump-frogged me
Leap-froged
38 for Liz
37 for me
Moe Howard Davided
He made a late move 23
Lindsay Lohan 13
Joan Rivers 11 Don Shula
The brain stem 11 and Donald Trump only 9
How do I fit in with these other people
And Moe also
Big celebrity
I don't know
This obsession with
With South Florida radio people
It's just I don't know what to say about it
It's embarrassing
To me
No you're a superstar
And by the way no more stupid
The phony TKS crap
You know all you
Gojian provocateur goyem out there
It's just just nauseating
Was the same thing with Sirius
Oh Sirius wants you Neil
And blah blah blah blah
And blah blah that
Bubba Miceys
That's what they are
Bubba Miceys
All these stories
Anyway you'll be pleased to know
That Norma Kent is going to bat for George
With a letter on legal stationery
Who
Don't you think that'll scare him
Wow
Yeah
It's scary
Norma Kent letterhead
I read it to you this morning
Yep
About how um
You know we're standing by our guns on the contract
And no it has to be mutual agreement
And we don't agree to flee or anybody beside George
And that's
That's the way it works
Although I've got some real
Firm instruction here
Here's one
Here's the definitive one
Everything is my fault
This is from the fake Julio Robaina
Oh great
The truth about the George situation
And it says the truth about the George situation
Is that you need to share on the responsibility
I'm a regular listener
And I'm aware of your part in the George injustice
My part
Other hosts take care of people like George
And make them part of the shows
I thought you were part of the show
Okay
For example Paul Castanova has made his number one producer
Part of the show employed by him and paid by him
Now you tell me that's not correct
No he's on Paul's contract but he's not paid by Paul
Oh
So if the management ever decides to cut this producer
Without cause the management will have to
Fire the whole show
But the love spongebob was banished by a cheap channel
And was out of work for two years
But in that time he continued to pay his three guys
A portion of their salary out of his own pocket
Additionally in his will
He's already left all the intellectual property of his show
To his producers individually and as a group
In his will
Those are examples of hosts who take care of their boys
You've been with George for approximately 20 years
And all you do is put a clause in your contract
That allows you to choose your producer
But doesn't protect the one you have
I already heard you say there's no way you're willing to pay him out of your pocket
If it would have been a year ago when I was making the really big bucks
I had to pay the whole salary out of my pocket
If but it's not
Says of course not
I always thought that the people who said that you backstab the burger overstating it
But now I see what you're capable of doing to people who demonstrate it loyalty and dedication
If I were George I would leave you in a lurch right now and start looking for jobs right now
Oh yeah
And leave me in a lurch are you
Oh yeah
At least he won't do that
It's shameful what you're doing and if George loses this job
You lose me as a listener because I hold you responsible in part and you'll thank you for your time good luck George
Are you threatening me from the fake Julio Robaina
Whose English is improved dramatically by the way since those
embarrassing emails about
Harness racing and highly which turned out was the not but never learned maybe took a class
I'm not paying George's salary. I never have and I never got I can't give George health benefits or any other benefits
I'm not running that kind of a company. I do have my own company, but it's a one-man company and that's me
And as far as the bird was concerned consider his salary which I did not also pay that that was charity
That's the way I look at the bird's salary 50 grand a year to sit there and cackel and eat free food every day and just shut up
occasionally chime in with something useful which became less and less often
Like that
Did you say to the bird yeah did you say to the bird
Oh
Oh boy
Yeah, I just I just have to respond to this guy okay
Not Paco he's sleeping
Well, I'm having real difficulty sorry
One moment please no problem
Oh
There he is he's not in that's it
Feel the breeze
Okay, that's enough
I'm through typing fast
Anyway getting back to let's see here's one from John who says Johnny B from Boka
if we have if we have to
Do
I'll tell you the the stuff that these people write it's so
So lock and sloppy, but then I'll take whatever I get
If we have to have an end to the dynasty of nila George then a new era has to start
unfortunately if you remove someone
Most of the time replacement doesn't work out nor does the next one how many producers do you have before George?
Oh, I would say
a bunch
I've listened to you for over 18 years
You are the talent on the show and keep the ratings high regardless of the hurdles management is put in your path
This is a big one
We will see who does well the first time your ill or go on vacation is flea gonna do a four-hour show on the fly
no pun intended
On the fly you think flea is gonna fly
No pun intended regards Johnny B from Boka
Think flea can fly I don't know
Here's one from Jeff who says I hate George and flea like poison. What was that nice isn't that sweet isn't that typical?
South Florida hate
I here's one I think that's pretty now you always have said
That there's no difference between the two stations generally outside of this show correct
This one says last night both WQA and 790 had the same ESPN radio shawan from around midnight to 5 a.m
How can this be how can that be
Are we paying money for ESPN?
I mean, does it really make a difference if you put the two numbers together? They're probably still like that
In fact in the last book didn't they have a from one to five a.m. across the street a point?
I think so I could be wrong. I know from 10 to 11 p.m. We had a point. Oh, but that's you know who cares about that
Right sounds like no picking and it picking to me
The ESPN radio how about those black hawks how about the young hot Patrick Kane? Oh, baby. Oh
Baby is right Patrick last night and they decide in game
Against the connox
How about you are up late watching that you know it. Oh, at least half of that
You're up late. Yeah
Yeah
With your head and your hands
Stirred on the plate pondering his face staring off into space. I don't do the
We're really yeah space cadet right it's been it's been spoken before space cadet
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM the douse down 15 points not that red arrow. I don't like seeing that. Boy, that's gives me spielkeys
No portion of this program may be reproducing up the express great information at WQA M
Be the broadcast group incorporate
I'm Casey Kazem well is in this nice a birthday card from my urologist and it reads dear Casey
Happy 77th birthday. Please see me immediately. I want to talk about your prostate
I realize 77 is the new 55 and that you're as virile as Michael Phelps after his third bong rip
But the girls and I at the office want you to be careful so you don't bust your gland
Signed dr. John feel me cough. Well, dr. feel me cough. I'll be in your office tomorrow
And at that moment I'll put my glands in your hands and be careful with my parts
Yeah 1017 at 560 WQM is he still alive by the way Casey Kazem? I think so is he really what a shame I mean
Here's one from Jimmy syphilis who sent this yesterday afternoon, but evidently what was just overanxious to hear it on the year
So I sent it again a second time
Jimmy syphilis
Okay
Jimmy syphilis at gmail.com that is
Subdict Harvey green. I voiced my concerns about WQM to Harvey green with the organization
He said he would talk to the beesleys about you and Orlando
I would not be surprised if this is the reason Joe Bell is dismantling your show
Let's wait and see what happens with the big zero you guys will learn to respect your fellow broadcasters up your ass Jimmy syphilis
And from what I hear wouldn't be the first time
Hey Jimmy you're fair syphilitic
said it twice
Wouldn't you like to know who these people are no I know who they are. I know I know what they are
Oh, I know what they are too. There's no question about that
And in the promises who they are chronic lifeless I have no line of shodden and clowns. That's right
Mike Johnson says nice job by Roberto Lomango last night. He looked like swiss cheese giving up
Goal after goal in the third period
Nice job going from up a goal with seven and sloughed the third to down two goals with three minutes left
You suck a Roberto almost as bad as jolly joe's professionalism
And then Mike says George not sure what the future holds
But I'm cherishing hearing you on the show each day. He's cherishing hearing you on the show each day
How do you like that all right cherish is the word the association that's right
Remember cherish it says I wasn't a fan of yours initially when you replaced the tapes
But now you are the second best radio host full-time or part-time on wqp.m says Mike Johnson. Oh no
The association I think at least one of them is dead was unfortunate. They were pretty damn good
On an orange label I don't remember the label but orange
Was it reprise reprise you say reprise a reprise I like to mix it up
Frank Snatra was on reprise reprise toward the ascent of his career Nancy Snatra was also on there. Yep
And uh, what's his name the Hawaiian singer Don Ho
I don't know Don Ho
Anyway the association were great along comes Mary
cherish
What else do they have they had one other gigantic one or two other big ones big
Huge not as huge as Patrick Kane but
One moment oh you're you're googling it no no I got into my library here
You know this one I think along time is Mary right and there's this of course along comes Mary rhymes with you
Yeah
Wendy
There's everyone knows it's the one you're trying to think of
Never my love right
A lesser known song never the less it was a hit what is that I know but it was a hit and six doesn't ring any bells with me
Oh, yeah
I'm spending those moments with you
What's it called everything that touches you know everything that duchess you yeah
Okay, I think that's it. I think we were on the gamut that was it yeah the association cherish
We're gonna cherish every day that judges on the show even if it's another four and a half years
Well, maybe somebody's not you know right
Oh, Lenny the limo driver is back. Oh my god. Now. I know we've scraped rock bottom
rocks bottom. Oh, sorry rock bottom
Lenny says morning the like checked out the info through a reliable source and found the info to be true
He checked out the info
This guy they call flee a sniffing for George's job other ex-employees of the show told George ages ago to watch out for this guy
Did anybody tell you to watch out beside me? Yes, they did yes
Wow, maybe Lenny's got the inside poop
Get the jolly tote of clean it up
Says I like George. I'm wishing the best of luck. Please do what you can to save his business
I'm doing everything I know short of standing on my head, which would not be good for an old fart like me
What a lower back pain. I got a lower back pain the last couple weeks since I had that all that ailment, you know
Yeah, since I was screaming
I got a lower I got a pain in the
Not asked what about the lower rush claims was his problem when he started you know snort and pills. Oh, yeah, oxies
Yeah, whatever you could get his hands on maybe you got some contacts. Give me a whole fistful of oxies
Sure, I'll man up right up pills. I got to take enough pills just prescription drugs without hot and other pills
no more
Poppin
Michael Landon son found dead at 60
I guess it runs in the family they die
My mark land and actor and eldest son of a little house on the prairie star Michael Landon was found dead money at his home
He was 60. You ever hear of mark landon? Nope
The cause of death was not immediately known, but there was no evidence of foul play
Said sergeant David in Fancy of the LA County Sheriff's Orifice mark landed among michaels nine children appeared in three movies including us
A CBS television movie written and directed by his father in 1991 just before he died a cancer at age 54
The film was a pilot intended to be another series for Michael Landon. It aired a few months after he died
Then it's got another this is interesting. Wow
Recent losses in TV
Bernie Hamilton
No, and mostly for his role as Captain Harold Dobie on the 70 show star ski and hutch died at the age of 80 due to cardiac arrest
Joe Costello a John Costello a character actor played Vito's lover on the sixth season of the soprano was was found dead in his home from a
Self-inflicted gunshot wound
Sounds like Sui side Sui side
Major Barrett Roddenberry the widow of late star track creator gene Roddenberry died ages 76 from leukemia these were in December
Whole list of dead people we specialize in dead people on this show because we work on this station
Neil hefty I'll be damned. Oh, that was back in October
We were on top of that
The Hollywood composer who's notable achievements include the themes from Batman and the odd couple died at home in LA 85
October 11
Jack Nars. Oh, how do we miss that?
He was the brother of
Tom Kennedy the game show host
Jack Nars a prolific game show host in the Golden Age of TV. He helmed video village albed and dato
Which was notably cancelled during the quixote scandals of the late 50s
Nars died in LA following a stroke. He was 85
Jack Nars his brother Tom Kennedy. He was host on name that tune. Remember Tom Kennedy? Yep. Tall goofy guy with glasses
And Jack Nars. Ed Adams died October 15 the stage in TV star married Ernie Kovacs succumbed to cancer and pneumonia at hospital LA
Michael Crite in November 4
Remember I called a Michael Critten. Yeah, that's right. The best selling author of Jurassic Park the Andromeda Stroll. I'm dumb
You know
Look who I work for
Crite and also tapped into his medical background to create the tv smash ER lost his battle of cancer at 66
And Paul Benedict who played Harry Bentley the English neighbor to George Jefferson played by Sherman
On a sitcom the Jefferson's was founded on Martha's Vineyard age 70 is December 1 Harry Bentley remember mr. Bentley
Yep, well if that wasn't a great show
I don't know what Tom juk had against it. I guess he thought it was like you know stereotype racist uh racial fang
The Jefferson's was great in a theme song was fabulous even though you hated it
Didn't you also hate that one? No, I like the Jefferson's theme song. Oh, I thought you hated it
You hated good times in the Jefferson's right. I hated good times the show and the theme song esteroy
I hated that show too. That was uh
What was his name? Jay Jay Jimmy Jay Jay Walker Walker. Oh, yeah
He was just annoying. Yep. What was it? You always said?
I oh my that was that that was the medley of his material. Yep, dynamite
That was a medley of his man. He got funny. You're way after that show. I saw this thing when he was a old already
Actually very funny and he didn't do the dynamite
You didn't uh, you know, he wasn't silly or goofy. What about Gary Coleman? What about him?
The midget what about him little black midget there are too many black midgets, you know what I say? No, I haven't noticed that
Well, I'll just name me another one beside Gary Coleman. Other black midget. I can't name you any
Hey, uh-huh. Neither can I any midget. That's my point. How many midgets can you name?
See what he told you midgets? There was job. What was his name? Johnny Pileo the harmonica
Billy Barty Billy Barty that's a good one. That was down eight points by the way
Oh
Tom jicke
Dave Lamont was on this morning defending his title of mr. karaoke and beat Ralphie May. Who cares fake Tom jicke
About though. I see Paul and it's not enough that they got their eight two share and they kicked ass in the book
That's not enough. They still want to continue siphoning from the show
Here's one that says Neil. I think you're overlooking the person who will be most affected should fat ass Joe Bell terminate George
That would be George's wife who may have to get a job after all this time
A real tragedy created by that turd T-I-R-D turd Joe Bell
Oh Jimmy syphilis is back
I caught my producer manny twittering about you
I told him if I was said if he was such a fan of yours
He should apply to be your producer. He's been warned in the past about his oil. These are the station
He's banned from listening to your show. I will not have a mole on my show says the fake Jimmy syphilis. How do you like that?
And
This guy Chris keeps giving me jolly joes phone number. I know jolly joes phone number
No, I'm not giving it out on the ear you jackass you ass clown
Oh
Here we go again. Yeah kid baby
Like pink I shall know be sick and I love pooping in my pants. I got sick in the teacher
Sip me to the vet
You poop in the refrigerator
You make my
Tuck you
I'm not gonna love you right now. You make everyone lose it
She's pooped all over the road
You sick bastard. What excuse me if I was too busy on my knees in front of the toilet?
Swine flu I think my butt's screwed. Everyone leaves. I have to poke it. I'm gonna blow for show
Hershey bloats. I'll be up all night
There is Bobby and dookie everywhere. I'm all
Prove I got a poop
Holy poop on a stick
You make my cut you
Yeah, you threw up on my gram gram you make everyone lose it
Fixing what I'm cute
Yeah
The only prescription is walk cowbell
1032 more what cowbell and what does that mean? Well, you know what a cowbell is right? Yeah more is better
Blackie says in fact I had two
Carney pointed out that Webster is a black magic
Emmanuel right
Blackie says I'm glad you enjoyed my last email about the loss of TV stars
There was another African American midget the kid that played Webster and Emmanuel Lewis was his name
You remember that show Alex Keras played the father. He's also dead Alex Keras former Detroit Lions
Player and former Ramundi net football announcer another ex-jocke another part of the jococracy Alex Keras
We'll see a great an answer or what no
Was lame
Not as lame as Frank Gifford, but then not too many were
Giff the Gifford
Scott and panelists Park says the association were on Warner Brothers at that time WB's 45s had an orange label
Well, I'll be damned
One reason my synatra was unrepreased he owned labels same reason my Nancy Snatra was out of this well
These boots are made for what down down down down. Remember that
If she's sing or what he belt out an ounce of sound Nancy Snatra
And then there was always Frank Sinatra junior remember him and we got kidnapped. Yeah
Down down down down down down down down down down down down down out yeah
Don't be a sour puss
Nancy Snatra you keep saying you got something for me. I never had to follow up
Email on my course. I don't get anything on my space anyway
I never had to follow up from Ricky Tiki Shaw
No, it was given me lessons about how to do a talk show there back in March whenever the hell he sent me that
Astonishing to me it was astonishing
Well, let's compromise. I didn't always negotiating how to do my show with you Rick. Let's compromise
Few calls few emails no calls
How many months since I've taken a call on the show other than Dave Johnson will be talking to Friday again
anticipation of the freakness
I wonder is the Philly gonna be running in there with house her name
The great Philly Rachel Alexandra
Because if the Philly runs in the freakness and Calvin Borrell is gonna ride her as opposed to
That the piece of crap at that great horse that won the Derby
That's circle circle the field on the rail as Bob Savage would say but he's dead too Bobby Savage
So many dead people, you know what?
Yep as you go through life. That's one of the things that happens is uh, although I guess it's not a bad thing from your perspective
You're still alive and all those other people are dead, but nevertheless don't make light of people's death
Bob Savage little Bobby
He came up to your knee he was a magic
I don't know if you'd call him a magic. What constitutes a midget?
I don't know well Gary Coleman might not be because he's he had health problems
Oh, and his growth was stung it as a result so he just turned out really short
I see
But I think that a you know, they like to be called little people collectively really
But there's a different right but there's a difference between being a dwarf and a big how about Billy J. Cramer little children
How we play they all hate this conversation but whatever
What the little people they hate the conversation about them
Well being called dwarves and midgets and things like dwarf. I didn't say a little dwarf. I wouldn't do both
A little dwarf
That's beautiful. Oh, let's see blackie says he's all over the place here blackie
I was in the airport on the food line the other day when my food was ready to work or called my number my number was
77 so I yelled wabc
Boy poor impressionable blackie, huh
Do you really believe that that he did that 77?
No, I bet they were looking at him like strange like are you something wrong with you mine
He says any good emails from anyone who went to exotica know I didn't have any emails from anybody who went to exotica
George hang in there. It'll be their loss if they can you how did your DJ and go the other night and F Joe Bell
He says with several exclamation points
Okay, how did your DJ and go it was fun. I didn't do a lot of DJing. I did some but it was a good time
Where was that at club exit in Hollywood?
For a I see a ray vesque kind of a party thing there were four DJ rooms or
Real dudes going on real DJ's I was DJ trainee
Mike and Bokas says uncle Eli emailed you months ago
I listened to bubble while working in tampon late 80s
I listened this morning
He's bragging that they're number one in Tampa because they knocked MJ out of the top spot. Who's MJ?
I don't know Michael Jackson. No seriously. Who's MJ?
Like I'm supposed to know who that is
It's tough to syndicate and serve all your listeners and not appear that you're in Tampa. It says
I see well it's a Tampa show all or he kicked ass 18 and 34 men with that seven share got a tip your little cap to him for that
Don't you me? I don't have to but we should I'll go put one on the tip it
Go put on a baseball cap your big Marlene's fan
How about those black hocks, huh George who?
Chicago black hocks beat the Vancouver conucks four games to two one seven to five last night
I had tricked by the hot sizzling Patrick Kane number 88 he's great and I want to date
What what is this picture of
Manculture and some dark-complexed guy. I have no idea who that is one of Johnny
One of Jimmy Walker's pals. Oh, I said mj Schmidt
How do you get that from that?
mj Schmidt yeah, oh here's one that says there are many dead people Alex carous is not one of them
God, I thought that big fat tub. I mean, I thought he was in and the somebody else's
biography for Alex carous still alive
I'll be damned
Well, we learned something already to at least I did I thought for sure he was dead
Alex carous
How do you like that?
A black dwarf is a white dwarf that's cooled out enough at a no longer emits light
See the magic of the universe science pages. Yeah, well, let's get a little scientific here for Christ's sake
A little boy
Excuse me
Oh
Let's hear what promises. I don't know if you mentioned it, but as the roles characterist Florida started out as the made on mod for about a year or two
Then I think mod had some English made question mark. I don't know. I didn't watch mod
I couldn't stand her she died be Arthur just croaked right the rules are a very large family who live all over South
Florida and they originally come from the Bahamas man. Oh my god. The rules come from the Bahamas
You
MJ is Todd Schmidt and he's a tool says Paul
Well, I'll be damned. Yeah, that's that's where the big battle is isn't it that we're always hearing between Baba and
Todd the Schmidt Meister. Yeah
Sounds very parochial and of no interest to us
Certainly not to me. I don't I don't really care
He's 73 and turns 74 in July 15 Alex carous who cares
I'm so sorry. I mentioned his name
Big fat x football x-jock
So many x-jocks and so little time you know what and most of them on the air
He was on Monday night football. I was curious. I'm sure you saw you caught that
Every Monday so it was rush for about two minutes. Mm-hmm
How'd that work out? Well, I'll tell you one thing. Oh Johnny dark
Whoa
Here's one that says Neil and George Neil a few days ago an emailer asked you about the James crystal radio group and before you could respond social security called
By the way, let me say it again. That was my mistake social security had sent it check in there on time and my bad and I called them back and left the long
tearful message
How can you have 50,000 watts of power no ratings? What does WFTL stand for fascist talk leader Joyce Kaufman WTFI
Looks like when joebell finally gets you in George out
I won't be listening to radio anymore. Love the shows is Ron from Boka
We're not going anywhere Ron. We're staying
Oh, I see Scott and Penel's parks is Schmidt does the MJ show on WFLC in the mornings
Then does his Lord as junior show in the afternoons from a different studio in the gandy boulevard dungeon. I'll be damned
How do you like that? You think you've got source? How do you like to have to do two shows a day to a survive?
Oh better than Johnny dark says although I have compassion for George and his family
I can't help but feel this is an act of karma for what you and George did to the bird
Glenn was the best producer you ever had and you stabbed him in the back
Not only that, but when I came in as a friend to have lunch with you in the studio you stabbed me in the back
You acted like I was a fan off the street. I've been doing radio for as long as George has been alive
Do you forget I did mid days at the great WNBC from 1977 to 84 following Don I'm as shame on you. This is Johnny dork
Well shame on you Johnny
You know Neil God looking for the pot. Oh, yeah, what's kind of a funny story
I was invited over here for this big secret international pot smoking competition
For
Oh
All right page
Cong잖아
I just heard the government a haklok comments like you get me just no marijuana.
Yeah.
It's just these guys nicked and suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in,
they're just like them like that they were on the water court, the weed and they're high and they're...
I mean it's terrible.
Yeah.
The years that I've been looking at, listening to 610.
To now this.
And this here.
And this here.
1047.
I wonder if she's dead yet.
Whoever the hell she was.
Nasty old bitch.
No, probably.
Hateful old son.
That's one thing a lot of the hateful bastards that called over the years.
They're pushing up daffodils.
Where did that expression come from?
Pushing up daisies.
Oh, that should be obvious.
Well, I mean you're in the ground, but how about pushing up the hydrangeas?
I guess somebody liked to sound a daisies.
As in driving mess.
Right.
Here's one from Alejandro, the fake Alejandro.
I know you're loyal to a fault, but it really is time for George to go.
I've been listening to your show since the days of the bird.
And when George took over, I had high hopes for an exciting change of pace.
However, George has been a drag on the show since day one.
And I'll be glad when he goes.
He's a nattering nae-bob of negativity who adds nothing.
Could be a nattering nae-bob of negativity.
Are you a nattering nae-bob of negativity yet?
He's never been anywhere or done anything yet.
He acts as always qualified to offer an opinion on things he knows nothing about.
He talks about suge, yet he is the biggest suit I've ever heard.
I mean, Christ, the guy goes roller skating at 40-something, pathetic.
I've tried to listen to him when he does the show wide you're out.
Have you ever tried to listen to that?
Some guys have talent for radio, but George ain't one of them.
This is definitely from Joe Bell.
When you work with three or a quarter of a syringe,
in fact, Chris, it's far more entertaining when it doesn't,
and it doesn't seem as though you have to pull them through the show like it seems with George.
I'm tired of pulling you through the show.
I understand.
Like a dead weight.
Whereas those other guys seem to be having fun.
George brings the show down.
I can't wait for him to be gone.
I can't stand the way Joe Bell and Joyce have put a muzzle on you,
but Bell's decision to sack this guy is a good one.
Good riddance.
Hey, George, a tip for your next career.
And unseate clearly when you ask paper or plastic.
The fake Alejandro Sosa.
We'll screw you, Alejandro, picking on my buddy George.
You bastard.
You bastard.
You're a bastard.
But, Crippie and a negative, a nettering, a bob of negative.
Yeah, right.
Whatever the hell that is.
It's something that came up on the show years ago.
He's quarter of a century.
You got an email from somebody.
I think that we're never a nettering, a bob of negative.
I think they were calling you that.
We ran for a while because it was funny.
Oh, a long time ago.
Yeah.
It's not funny now.
Oh, George over there on the West Coast,
wherever you are.
George Streepie, you're a little creepy.
It sends me a long thing about the lawsuit between MJ,
Touchmit and Bubba.
I haven't know about you, but I'm very tired of the whole Bubba thing.
I never heard him.
I don't know him.
He got a seven-share congratulations.
And he kisses my ass on the ear and is trying to siphon off my audience.
Very transparently.
That's fine.
Go ahead.
It doesn't come up in my life.
No, that's right.
That's a good way to put it.
He doesn't.
He has nothing to do with my existence.
But if you wanted to try to siphon off this audience,
go ahead by kissing my ass.
Go ahead.
Go right ahead.
I'm the greatest talent in the radio business in America.
I would agree with that.
Of course, nobody knows about me because I got an agent who's like a knucklehead.
Knucklehead, the Kent.
She's a knuckle, a knuckle mistress.
Joe O'Grady says that the subject black magic is due from Friday.
Forget his name.
Friday is at a show.
A movie.
What is that?
I don't remember the, uh,
the Friday with a black magic.
He's a magic.
That's why grandma used to say,
magic.
Am I J.I.K.
Magic just like Mickey Mickey Mendel.
Mickey magic?
No, Mickey Mendel.
She was sure that Mickey Mantle was Mickey Mendel and he was Jewish.
She could make anybody Jewish just by changing the name around a little bit.
Like from you to Levitts to Solomon.
Just changing the name around a little bit makes you Jewish.
Jerry says, subject George clearly threats at George are really aimed at you.
Manage been tired of you ripping them but unable to fire you knows that firing George would annoy you.
I think Joe Bell wants you to leave so he could do 10 or 2.
Yeah, good luck to him one time as his show on.
He wouldn't know where to find the mic switch.
Although I could tell him where to look for it.
Brackdom.
Yeah.
Isn't that something about most of the people in management came from sales?
Not from programming.
Yeah, looks like from sales.
It's not funny.
Tragedy.
Yeah, that's one of the great tragedies in this business.
Most of the general managers in radio come from a sales background.
Not from a programming background.
That's why they're experts.
Yeah, that makes them an expert.
Everybody's an expert.
Like my cab guy says, everybody's a big expert.
Oh, by the way, they were blocking the University Avenue again last night at the US Sri Lankans.
I'm tired of their crap.
Everybody in this city is tired of their crap.
Everybody in the world is tired of it.
If you want to solve it, the problems are in Sri Lankan.
All the people getting slaughtered over there.
Go back there, you terrorists.
That was down nine and a half points.
I mean, what kind of, I mean, I know this is a very tolerant city, but you know, tolerant to a fault.
You let people go out and block off the damn gardener expressway.
In both directions so that people are trying to get home or go downtown or whatever they're trying to do.
Are like stuck.
How do you like to be driving into I-95 and finders a whole bunch of goofballs standing out and sitting in the middle of the road?
No, thanks.
I'd floor it, I think.
Good idea.
I'll do people trying to drive the gardener next time they pull that crap.
Just floor it.
Too many damn Sri Lankans here, man.
Sick of their crap.
What's Canada going to do about their problem in Sri Lanka?
I'll tell you one thing.
They wouldn't put up with this down there for two seconds.
They'd get the SWAT team out there.
They'd get the brown shirts.
They'd route them all up and put them in a camp.
They'd have another tent city down there at home.
So remember tent city?
Yeah.
Pretty tense.
How's Clarence doing by the way you see that clown?
And where's my bonus check?
I don't have any word that my bonus check's arrived yet.
Do you want me answer any one of those questions?
Yeah, whatever you want.
Clarence is doing fine.
What?
Clarence is doing fine.
As far as I know.
He's here.
He's here to win.
We're going to that start.
He's there today?
Yeah.
We'll talk about how many days I miss sick the last few months.
My God.
Here's the guy.
Is he over there?
Every time the canes go out there and SWAT,
they have batting practice.
He takes the day off.
Clarence won't be in today.
The canes are taken a shower.
The canes are you.
Probably taken a shower with him.
I wonder if his wife knows that he just married.
He takes showers naked with the ball players.
Do you think she knows that?
Probably.
Mike says, I love your show, but I really think Waxie's got some competition for you now.
Oh, yeah.
They're not syndicating ESPN sports dogs show host the herd.
The host is pretty good and has a following.
Yeah.
Mike Cowpile.
Or whatever his name is.
Clem Clik, a little hopper.
Yeah.
Now they got some stiff competition.
Underline stiff.
Mike Swanson.
Who obviously is it making TV dinners across the street?
They got some real competition.
Basically they threw it in the towel.
They've given up on midday.
They won't put a paid person in there.
When you put a syndicated piece of turd like Clem Cowpile on,
you know you've given up.
Yep.
And if I was them, I'd give up too.
After what, three years now, two and a half, three years or whatever they've been on.
Force feeding.
Oh.
Shares down the down the pipe.
Oh.
All they got is Le Bastard.
And his number is dwindling rapidly anyway.
Dwindling, dwindling, dwindling, dwindling.
Sue Wheat dwindling.
I told you, I heard him for about five or ten minutes last time I was down here.
And I just, juvenile and sophomore is an understatement if it's a compliment.
A good friend can up the road in the Tobacosis.
I would recommend spinal decompression as treatment for lower back pain.
Now I kind of enjoy my lower back pain.
And all I do is when I, like when I stand up, yeah, it's all those things.
When it goes away, you miss it.
Spinal decompression.
This is done by a physiotherapist over a short time, a period of time is really effective.
A machine like a bed where you lie in your back, the top part of your lower body,
and the lower part are strapped.
And the bed opens, taking pressure off your spine, kind of like in the hitcher.
Yeah, they stretch you.
They sort of have to say they stretch you like putting you on a rack.
Although I've heard good things from people that have the back pain.
Spinal decompression, it says my treatment lies to 20 minutes per session.
Well, thanks, Ken.
They stretch you out.
I think I'll do a psychological healing myself rather than go through that.
That doesn't sound good.
Lower back.
I had this back a few years ago down there.
Remember I was going to the chiropractor isn't that they were smearing my back and whatever?
In plantation.
Remember that?
Right.
Do you?
Yep.
And I'll be damned.
Well, here's a poll.
The 10 reasons I've listened to your show for years and years.
Okay, great.
The black magic in the movie Friday is the same one in bad Santa.
Well, that's great, but I don't know who it is.
Maybe you can Google it.
I have bad Santa either.
You what?
I didn't see bad Santa either.
Oh, me neither.
Oh, Paul Castron over writes, and I'm sure it's the real one.
By the way, it's got all the all the stuff there with their numbers and their emails and their, you know, a link.
Phob is only numbers 18 to 34.
He's full of it listening to George last week.
He said he taught at the Connecticut School of Broadcasting and search joke here.
What does that mean?
You taught at the Connecticut School of Broadcasting.
Yeah.
When was that years ago?
Must have been behind my back.
I remember that.
I told you about it.
You just didn't listen or forgot about it.
Yeah, and I did you have to get drunk to teach it was that part of the thing?
You didn't have to, but it was encouraged.
Paul Castron over from the Paul and ancient Ron show have a hectic day.
Yeah.
Good luck to you, Paul.
They kicked some big ass in his last book.
I mean, I hate to say it.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but they kicked some big.
Well, here we go again.
Unoriginal ass.
This is the Neil Roger show.
What what what solid?
This is your brain.
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no.
Any questions?
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
Mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
I'm the food chain of life.
You are an amoebaugh.
Even the caught return guy mocks you as you head to the supply room to stock up
While your peers acquire their job skills at the local community college
You learned everything you've ever needed to know in that rancid turlid at the corner gas station
When you take your work home with you it usually involves some sort of nasty rash
You don't get hit but there's a certain satisfaction
To come into the rescue of an IBS sufferer on taco day
So we salute you mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy your plunger your land yard and your
Calisons you are a real American a-hole
1103 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday too. You know, I haven't even given the poll and it's already the second hour of the show
Well then that's your fault. I know quit being a nattering a nae Bob of negativity right and dead weight or whatever else
Schedule is this Orlando 2 to 4 mad dog is at shulas today 4 to 7 and then after that everybody goes away
Dolphin tonight 7 to wait with the the wooden Kimba Bulkamper and 8 to 11 DA with his oh numbers
Then ESPN radio which I guess I don't know we're simile casting with across the street is that true or is that somebody make that up?
Why not we practically are anyway
You're bad. How about those black Hawks huh? How about Jonathan Taves in the Patrick came oh
Baby Patrick King and I take a shower with him any day
I bet she can run real fast though, you know
Here's the poll the biggest burden I'm dealing with right now is worrying about George losing his job is winning this poll 46
How do you like that?
That's what I voted for
Did you vote? I worried about losing my own
My job stability 45. Yeah, that's the one I voted. Oh, well same thing in your case
I'm not worried about anything 35 all brother
My health 34 I can't pay my bills 33 my relationship status 32 trying to fight a job 29
How the dolphins are gonna do this year 15? Oh, brother
No health insurance 13 paying for my kids college to wish nate my card doesn't run three. I'm losing my home to
Two people in the audience are losing their home. I think George will be right over and take care of the
mortgage payments right y'all up to snuff right I got it right in
This whole business is so ugly and so unnecessary and so grotesque and of course as usual being handled so poorly
and
And the only reason they're doing it this way is because they can't just directly come and say George you're fired because they know it violates the terms of my contract
right
They would love. I'm sure to come in there and say hey, here's flea
They're trying to inflict the flea on me and nothing nothing personal. I like him just fine. I think he's full of crap
How could they be planning on giving him your job and they haven't talked to him about it find out how much money
He wants to do it and so on. I don't want to call him a liar, but I think he's a full of crap
He's too tight with jolly joe for them to do it that way. Why would they have to do it that way?
I don't know wouldn't you think they would run it by him before they would just say well
You know, we want to put it flea in there. He's a lot better on the year than that damn nattering nabob of negativity George
You know as I get older. I've got a shaving problem do you and you know what it is your head? No, no
The corners of my upper lip
Okay
And it's annoying because once you realize that you haven't completely
Eliminated all the hair from that those spots and you start
Tunguing it right you know I mean yep
And you realize it's still there then then you got then I got to take a break and run another room and get my razor and just you know
Now you got me doing it what?
Tunguing it and what have you ever had that problem in the corners of your upper lip?
Just this morning
Seriously, seriously
I thought this was a poll from Barry and Coral Springs, but it's not it's just his top ten list
The ten reasons I've listened to your show for years and years number one. It's free number two
It's very very funny and clever
Three your sponsors are good enough supported many thank you very
For your fair and balanced five your gay George is not 60 Raju. He's a boy seven year rich George's poorish
Eight-year-old bit heavy George's slim nine-year-old Yiddish George no Spanish and ten when I turn up to fight him
My wife leaves the room. Thank God
Well score her well or not is the case may be Barry
I'm gonna go in the other room right now and
Shave trim my upper lip. Oh, it's annoying. I can't stop. Yeah. Oh boy. It's not bad. It's a little uh
Little schmutz there, you know
Feel better remember Leo the lip he's dead
Alex Keras may still be alive but Leo the rocher is long since dead
Who was he married to Leo the rocher some actress?
Uh for crying out loud somebody oh the lip who somebody will call and tell you yes. No, somebody will email
Don't give me that somebody will call and tell me crap the calls are
If you have any idea how how many years this is added to my life getting rid of those phone calls
Nance says can we just leave and see this is what cracks me up like I've got some control over it
Can we just leave your show the great way it is yeah, that would be fine, Nan
You and George have become a team after all these years George has come a long way and you'll you're the best
You always put a smile on my face then she's got like a little smiley face. I love you guys is Nan well
Thanks Nan
And I hope we can just leave the show the way it is they've already devolved enough more than enough
The thousand eighty six cent
Here's one that says pack George a Cuban sandwich and send him far away. That's bad
I haven't made my bacon yet this morning
During this next break I'm going to go make him bacon. Okay. That's your fault. I don't
It says the facts are that George has no talent has been writing your back for close to 20 years now
He's one dimensional talks about the same crap every time drugs and his sex fantasies
How about you don't talk about Patrick Kane. That's my sex fantasy. Oh, hmm go hawks go baby
God is he beautiful pretty boy
Without your support and friendship and he probably would be working at Taco Bell at Burger King
You would be working at Taco Bell with you
Maybe taco smell oh and guess where guess what restaurant is gotten spanked for using more salt than any other restaurant chain
And they were talking about how much salt that they put in their food red blopster
Just a disgusting nauseating amount
already then
Anyway, it says you have been his lifesaver and like a 20 year old kid that won't leave his parents home because he can't make it on his own in the real world
Now it's time for George to leave the nest his easy money days are over bring on flee and let's see how much better your ratings will get
Don't go away mad George just go away
Maybe you can do a show with Mohawar David and Gellie. This is definitely from um
joebell
You
Packed George a Cuban sandwich and sent him far away. You're good friend joebell
See normal things that you've done something to piss them off and that it's personal and they hate you like poison now
Yeah, that could very well be well well what would that have been uh talk about how all their decisions suck on the air
For the face of their programming it lied well, we all know that continue to prove how backwards their programming principles are
Yeah, I don't know. Mm-hmm. Just guessing
Yeah
No, it would have to be something more devastating than I would think
I mean, that's just you know that's that's something everybody knows right
They're proven commodity a failure
How's that kinean blow morning show doing they still blowing oh, it's great
The answer my friend is blowing in the wind the kinean blow morning show they're doing it
The douse down to an aff point. It's not doing much today
Three thousand acres are burning in florida and martin county look at those fires look at that smoke
And look at the number of emails pouring in here
Here's one that says do you really think joebell would pay flee extra money to produce your show? I don't know
I don't know. I don't know if we would do it for free. I know flee is a flunky
But I don't know do you think he would do it for free? I don't
No
But I don't know
Here's one that says I'm a listener of the near rarger show
But I won't be when you put on tapes during meals days off
George is interesting and compelling host you're compelling
I hope that you don't terminate George Rodriguez's employment. Why are they sending this to me?
Maybe it's a copy if anything you should be given a two-hour slot to do his own show
Have him take big O's slot. He would get bigger numbers
Get rid of George Rodriguez would be a bad business decision. I'm not some crank. I have a job a wife in life
Thank you Avi
Obviously in that I guess he must have sent that to jolly joe
Yeah, if you want to send a complaint or some comments send us joebell joetwqm.com is net his email address
Joetbbgi.com. Oh, I'm sorry joetbbgi.combbgi 6.7. Don't answer
Don't start with that again
Oh, no
A Roman Catholic archbishop who resigned in 2002 over a sex and financial scandal involving a man
The scribes his struggles with being gay and enough coming memoir about his decades serving the church
Kind of like your governor your governor wants to run for the Senate and boy
You think that movie outrage out at him all his boyfriends are gonna come flying out of the closet now your gay governor
You'll see
Travis Edminson dies at 76 half of the folk duo button Travis never heard of them. Did you?
Nope
Travis Edminson and bud deshi old
We're virtuosos known for their wide repertoire and Spanish songs
Never heard of him Travis Edminson. He's deady with 76. Thanks boss
Boss keeps me up to date with all the dead people
Lorraine day that's right. Thanks Scott and panelists park Lorraine day was Leo de rocher's wife remember Lorraine day
No back in the day back hundred years ago. We have to be really old like me to remember Lorraine day
I guess or Leo the lip to rocher
Oh God
Tonight so this tonight investigates Susan Boyle the boy old backlash why there's growing outrage over her makeover tonight
Everybody is buzzing about her new look
You're trying to look like Beyonce for having a she got life-host suction and breast implants and a spray tan
When we first met her she told the world she wasn't exactly
Experience in the ways of love, but that whole never been kissed thing wasn't exactly true
Susan I will just teenagers we did behind the bond she got Randy with one of the sheep
I think she's the one that started swine flu
If that's not all a brand new video Susan Boyle as a stripper what
This is so this tonight on hln. Oh, she's got a big unit, huh?
Susan Boyle wouldn't surprise me in the least bit a big boy
One thing that's really good about her that is we don't hear about her anymore
Thank God and we don't hear about swine flu at all at all
Oh here we go carry a pre-jean
Uh, you confided in me that they have a whole celebration. Yeah, I said it wrong too. Miss California
I want to thank my mom and dad. Yeah, it's my my straight family who are here with me today. My straight parents
Um, and my sister she is serving in the United States Air Force
I just shoot the bitch already and get it over with for Christ. There we go
God
She's the she's the female version of Joe the plumber. Yeah
Oh, here we go the phantom informer is back as if let me let me just say this to you. Okay. I mean I may be slow old stupid
But people don't hire people in this business by way of some anonymous jackass ass clown with an email named the phantom informer
Okay, right subject clear channel Orlando
I knew it was just a matter of time before we heard from this right geek again
I will give you some free advice get a new agent clear channel or you lowlando as yet to hear from norm
They are serious about this if you are please contact Linda Burger Katherine Brown today. Yeah
That's the way that they do it
That's the way that they inquire to see if people want to silence cast their show is they have some geek
Who identifies himself as the phantom informer who isn't even the real phantom informer on an email
Anonymous email and that's how they contact you
I spoke to normal last night. He hasn't heard from anybody nor is he going to
Nor is he going to get stuck into making anymore
Stupid calls. I'm looking like a bigger jackass than he already is
No comment now. He's going to bad for you. He sent a letter on his letterhead
Well then
Yeah, you can't get much more serious than that. I guess not
The douse down a point and a half
And miss California's blah blah blah blah blah blah
The hateful one man and one woman
Pickable rumors and false allegations. I have had within the last three weeks. Right stripper bitch slut
But he she's kind of like Sarah Palin. You know a very family-oriented
Right with the illegitimate the grandson or granddaughter whatever it is
Kennet says please ask George what song he was playing when you temporarily stepped away ten minutes ago when I went to shave my lip
Keep a stiff upper lip guys
All night we plan all night is it all night
Don't stop in parentheses by Janet
By what Janet?
Janet Janet
Does Janet have a last name or just by Janet? That's it Janet. I see
Janet the
Sandra Clinton bird mix if you want to get technical about wow
Next thing you know we've claimed to rude and
Sand what was the name of that sand storm? What was it sandstorm? That's what I just said
If you got it and you want to play it I got it here somewhere
But I'm not going to dig it out. I don't like the rude
Tandana and I and I it's the same yeah here we go
Yes, this is
No, but I'm saying it's just the same four notes over and over hold
There we go. How did there's anything wrong with that? No, there's nothing wrong with it. It's okay. Just fine
Yeah
The biggest burden that I have and dealing with right now is my job stability 53
Worrying about George losing his job 52. How do you like that? That's very sweet
We always stop the audience where a bunch of hardasses and most of them are but nevertheless they're worried about your job. That's good
They're finally convinced I guess after seeing Tom jikas a column that this isn't some kind of a stick
What that just bugs the crap out of both of us
Frost our ass when people come up with her. Oh, yeah, I guess you got no materials. So you made up a sir
We don't we don't make up crap on a show like that. Okay
It's not like the old first team were defos and rehab and Vegas. No, nobody ever went on vacation on that show
They always had some kind of personal emergency or trauma
There was always contrived and made up and a big fat stupid lie and people like Kenny from Borershead and the Mark the Jets fan and those other
Trigletites they would believe that crap
Oh, who did I hear Joe talking to this morning?
The Hany and Joe or some Jamaican Joe. I don't know one of those long time chronics boy
Although I didn't hear what's his name on their storm cat
Thank God
It's right here storm me again. I'm gonna kill somebody
Chikasha Oklahoma sounds like a really neat place almost is almost as exciting as pohoki
That's another thing that kept talking about this morning pohoki this and pohki that
You ever been in pohoki? I must have been or okitobi. Yeah, I've been all over
I didn't have school football games. I brought cast and when I was a JNO in pohoki and okitobi
You talk about Yehu man you talk about red neck
You're gonna love that cherry pie. It's only been refrozen about 45 times
At the pohoki diner that was the only place in town to eat of course that's a long time about 3 to 4 years ago
They might even have an a and w drive through there now in pohoki
Or Mickey D's a Mickey D's with a new uh
Chetter and bacon anna oh and I never made my bacon the anus burger doing this upcoming break
I'm gonna make my bacon don't let me forget all right. I won't make the bacon you fat old fag
Text you
No, you won't. Don't be testing me about making bacon
The bizarre arrest of a man selling ice cream now has police car-sling parents not to let their children buy treats alone
He looked me up and down brandy hove said it was creepy. It was really creepy. This is an Chikasha Oklahoma
It's not what you'd expect when you walk up to an any ice cream truck
But hove says she and her two young children got more than ice cream when the tar stop in front of their home
It was eerie really eerie
First she said it was creepy really creepy now. She says it was eerie really eerie
She says everything twice
He stared at me as first as I walked up and looked down at them and didn't take his eyes off in the whole time
Hogue said I wonder if she's a kind of Benoit Hogue
The frog hockey player
Benoit Ball
It was enough to prompt hove to call police authority stopped the vehicle not far from her home and made a strange discovery
After searching the pasture in the ice cream truck officers found marijuana in one pocket and three condoms in the other demands
Response was I'm just the ice cream man
But officials say they may not be all you really don't think this may be somebody that's not just they're selling ice cream
Chikasha assistant chief of police
Ella for more said E.L.I.P.
Ilipp
Well, when you're in Chikasha, you have strange names like that Ilipp
Police arrested 19-year-old Robert Lee Spell for possession of a controlled substance
But it was his nervous actions are inquisiting that concern lawman the most
The type of behavior is consistent with somebody who's been caught doing something Hogue is just thankful the man is off the streets
Pot in one pocket and condoms in the other on the way your party. I met it
They are in the ice cream in the truck. Yeah, some sweet treats no doubt
Holy
Mackena this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God this is CNN everybody avoid
Non-essential travel to Mexico because of the swine flu crisis a Texas family exploded
Because they have the swine flu you're probably not protected from this strain of swine flu
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano through at least one gasoline bomb and took over some questions
He even gave a play-by-play of what was happening
It's possible the virus can mutate and turn into a polar bear
You can see an adult bear biting her after she jumped into a mo
It's possible the virus can mutate again and turn into a car
No, it does not turn into a car actually they will need to say that it does not turn into a car
We're right back with more head on it. CNN breaking news
So let me ask you this you think the holy father ever takes a holy crap
all the time I imagine
Il papa
Hey papa nice outfit man nice dress nice cute red shoes they look really gay. Oh
Don't be saying that about the holy father
And look who's standing up there
Miss California gets to keep her crown and look who's talking up a storm. Yes, Andrew. Donald chump
What is Rosie thing?
Honestly
Rosie she had a lot. Yes, you'll probably have something to say about this
Harry you are a carry your role model for young girls that were over here. Hi
Your role model for young girls and whether or not the pictures were taken for applications as you said or publication
The fact is these pictures existed and they've made their way out there pictures that you say didn't exist and to some young girls
It may make you look like a liar so my question is
What does that say about being a role model to young girls if it if the Peter line and your game is to be dishonest
Well, by the way, I wonder I think it's a very unfair question. There's no dishonesty there
I think it's a very unfair question
There's no dishonesty there and these pictures. I mean I looked at the pictures and you all the pictures
And these were not pictures like you're talking about you know
We had to terminate somebody a year ago and if you want to see pictures, I'd show you pictures
So you know you can't talk about the dishonesty. Okay, go ahead. Thank you. Go ahead
Who answered you had a question? Yeah question
What
First of all these yeah, we had somebody's shouting from way at the back of their from another room
You know one of the things that happened upstairs in mr. Trump's office is that we actually got to sit down face to face and
We got to talk and she got to then and I got to then and and I think something very positive has come out of it
Right now, who cares who gives a crap mr. California keeps her crown
The only reason you care is because you want to go down
Okay, without a crowd don't like her. I've been talking you don't like her mr. California. Yeah, she's a bigoted bitch
Well, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about you know. Oh, yeah, I do her once
But a beer one
Um
Here's one that says from some moron uncle Neil get some material who cares about George
Let's talk about Padre Alberto poking the correct hole doi says hb doi yeah anybody there writes
DOE I can't even spell doi much less say it
moron get some material Neil
The thousand down ten points there's some material
Keith says over the last few weeks since become obvious that jolly joe is more full of joys than Joyce
Messing around with the highest way to show they have clearly shows a total lack of management skill
May a swarm of bull weevils graze on his sphincter
And here's a photo just jammed up really large in large photo of a bull weevil
You ever see a bull weevil no
In large about a thousand times, but you're nasty looking things remember those pictures of the um
Not nads. What were they? I think they were fleets. Oh, mice. Remember those yep disgusting in grotesque
Not to make you lose your appetite and then right near lunchtime too
By the way, it's Tuesday. We don't have no restaurant deal this week either if you're waiting breathlessly for that
We don't got one this week. Sorry, Duff
Take your remember our friend take her park. Yes
Subject rotten day good morning. Neil. I had a miserable day yesterday that was capped off with hearing the possibility
That George was gonna be fired
Jolly jobel is a douchebox if I ever meet him. I'll kick him right in the gym. He's having a nice day. Take her
Take her or lever
Thanks, take her
She's uh always there, you know
Yep out there in California somewhere. Yes, she is she's a sweetheart
She's always there
Maybe my I'm getting a message from Florida. Maybe my bonus check will be there. It wasn't there yesterday
He's checking today. How do you like that? Okay, that bonus check better start showing up really really really soon
Oh, but you got your paycheck three days early. Neil. What are you bitching about always bitching always but yeah, that's right bitching and twitching
Michael says George's fascination with house music is very very sad
He needs to act his age is he gonna grow a ponytail next. He's a man child and sucks on the ear
This is the first good decision jobel has made in a long time says Michael Phelps. Oh, yeah
Michael Phelps
We all we all know that the fake Michael Phelps is jobel. We already know that right from the beginning right?
Here's one that says George should not leave. I like his content
Yes, I blasted him for his poor choice of music and
Leg injuries while skating with 12-year-old kids, but through all that George is my number two guy in your station says Sam
I wonder if his constant hatred of sports talk just made a wedge between I blasted him for his poor choice of music and
Leg injuries while skating with 12-year-old kids, but through all that George is my number two guy in your station says Sam
I wonder if his constant hatred of sports talk just made a wedge between him and his co-workers
If I treated my co-workers as garbage and demeaned them daily
told him that they worked sucked in his worthless. They might not see me as a team player since Sam
Did you tell him that they they worked sucked in that they were working on great with my co-workers last time I checked everybody likes George
Don't ask me why but I mean, you know
LeBazard was criticizing you for making fun and grilling management on the air all the time
He'd rather be a suck ass. It says says the fake gym to feed us. I don't care what he said
Not interested boring boring sophomore Mark juvenile
We didn't win the world series the marlins that would say that we wanted the Cubans wanted. Yeah
leave on
Just I wonder I'd like to see the ethnic breakdown on his audience when you like to see that
Okay, maybe flea maybe flea can do that get the Hispanic
2554 from
Four to seven over there across the street. By the way, he said he will not take the job for free
Oh flea flea don't work for free. I'm sure that
So that being the case how could there have been no
Communication about this if jolly Joe thinks he's ready to stick him in there if I would have said okay, let's fire George. Let's go ahead. Go ahead
He would have stuck the flea in there now. How can he do that without discussing with him? How much more do you want to do that crap to work with that fat old bag in every day?
So let's so what do you say?
I don't know
He just opened the door and said no, he was not he would not do it for free
How about the show that either
Glad to hear George will still be here says pop bud
Just to let you know the series to watch is the caption Pittsburgh game seven is Wednesday have a happy one out in western
Joe ball
Let's the joe bells and ass clown but he doesn't say clown something like that something begins with ass
Oh, here you go the phantom informer is bad you people are so damn bad. This sounds like roby young doesn't it?
It's a quote you people are so damn bad you can't even call people back. You want to do business with you
I never claimed to be a clear channel employee. I buy time and influence people who buy time
Robo young is emailing from the other side if you people can't get it together
I suggest you take your damn frequency turn it off and get out of the business you people ought to be ashamed
You have no credibility in radio from the phantom informer the dead roby young
Is that a beautiful thing or what?
Yeah, that's just a way of saying I'm a fake in a phony and it's all a bunch of crap
We already figured that out. I'm a little slow, but not that slow old and believe me well that old
That's my best advice on you people out there all you people under the age of like say, I don't know what 50 don't get old yet
I'm telling you that's my best advice to you while you whipper snappers don't get old it sucks
Spread them and say cheese
You people are certain
So damn bad it not only you have to be brought up by that bandit passion
But if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't you don't have real people
That's 75 uh, yeah, sorry, you don't have it on your regular number
I was asked to be a guest on one of your truck shows or an I think it's your AM the WIOD
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is
My work on your station in
1964
You're the prominent guy Miami
But by time and I influenced people who buy time if you people can't get it together to be a better radio station
Then if you were to come or ask station or an EBS station
I said you take a damn frequency which my grandmother's friend Jesse Jay put on here in 1926
He has turned the damn thing off and get out of the business you people ought to be exchange to yourselves
My name is Roby Young and the telephone number is a motel and Miami
room 13 you people ought to be ashamed
You shouldn't even be running that facility. I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 19
I ran the damn thing out there. You are
You are
No
I'll give it all the best before I get on the phone the pension you get on the phone to me
You give me take this back
If the sale goes through better will because you're doing anyhow
Wow
The angry dead roby young 77 wabc he worked there a thousand years ago roby I heard this
He had some issues you know what I'm saying one of them being the gay but other than that
I had some real interesting roby young stories
Yeah, I don't know that I can't tell on the year. I say even though he's dead. I still I just wouldn't do it all right
He was a phenoma young phenoma wabc disjocke and then his whole life went in the crapper, you know
I wonder if that had anything to do with coming to south florida maybe
Mike says one of the many reasons George needs to stay is because he attends ultra and knows who dead mouse five dead mouse and sander
K is leave George alone leave George alone
Leave George alone
And how there anyone out there make photo bridge George
Anyway, I think just for the editing job on reader book reader mother fn book
I think that alone earns you a whole bunch of brownie points. Well, thanks
I think joe bill things you you earned a whole bunch of demerits when you ripped them and asked and said that he was an ass clown or whatever
You said about him
Or was that clearance said that about joe bill? I don't I think flea is the one that said it
Flea said he's a big fat ass clown
The only thing I would take exception of that is that clowns generally tend to be funny
I don't find anything funny about jolly joe bill
Kevin and my mispronies as I was so sorry to hear on your show Monday that appears George will be fired
Please give him my support. Hey, you got Kevin support my mispronies George. Thanks. I'll love throughout on the pile
You were also hitting on the show you want Norma Kenteko after QM and visley broadcasting for breach of contract
You definitely should have normal file of breach of contract suit
In my opinion if Norma fails to do this on your behalf you should fire him and go get a lawyer with cajonis who will
Well, Norm don't have cajonis
He likes cajonis, but he don't have any
Maybe he's out picking up a stray homeless right now
Todd and hollywood says how can this be is this really happening George gets the Isaac Hayes question mark
Are these people you work for idiots? It sucks that they should happen to him
I don't know George, but my kids and I used to hang out at the school stop with his wife and eldest daughter was middle school at the time
I thought they were terrific people
They used to hang out at the school bus stop
Yeah, well, what does that mean? I didn't take it was confusing
But I like George on the radio he's at least alive most of the time anybody who doesn't like him can kiss my fat cottage cheese as keep George spray flee
spray the flee
How about if we bring in the mosquito
Okay, what do you think the fleet don't seem to be cutting it on the shore at least as a replacement
How about the mosquito
Yeah, the mosquito makes some strange sounds
So fleece that he ain't going to do your job for free, huh
No flee for free. So he said my homies has even offered asking that
Okay, but he won't tell you because he's lying about it. He lied yesterday when I you know
I give him credit for coming in there, but um, you know, that's a good cover-up
I
Mean I like him just fine, you know, you know that I am
fond of him
Not that fun, but I mean I like him personally. He's okay. Good guy done a lot of stuff for this show
He's done stuff that our program director in name has never even dreamed about doing including on our website
But nevertheless
Oh, here's one it says let's talk more let's talk more sports forget about talking about important issues of life and death when there's sports stuff to talk about
Long live storm cat the show killer
Show killer doesn't even come close to describing it now. That's that's a good
Pull question who's the biggest show killer on the sports shows
Of course one of the choices would be don't listen to the sports shows
But like a Ira Winbag
Alex Marvez
Yeah, Drew Rosenstein house grants Schwartzburg
Steen
There's a list of them and they keep bringing them back and back and back they've even
Settled on the poor mad dog with Ira Winbag
I guess mad dog is just you know, he must be like me old and feeble now, you know
Because back in the day he wouldn't tolerate that kind of crap because he hates guests
He doesn't believe in guests and he's right about that
He's absolutely correct about guests most of mara two-node
If I'm gonna have a guy coming on here talking about old baseball cards for two hours and I announced it ahead of time
99 and 910s percent of the audience are not gonna be tuning in
Because 99 and 999 they they don't care about it
No matter how many baseball cards shows some talk show hosts might go to the audience doesn't give a flying crap about it
Do you give a crap about it? Oh, yeah, I listened to everyone. I'm riveted
Here's one from Jorge and Miami who says about you typical leftist punk
George calls Miss California a bigot just because he doesn't agree with her
What happened to freedom what happened to freedom speech? Yeah, I'm glad he's getting fired. It's his Jorge and Miami
Not so fast Jorge. I mean he's not going anywhere
Norma can't is sending a letter maybe already sent it emailed it sent it
snail mail put it in a bottle on on his legal letterhead to jolly joebell saying no way Jorge
So Jorge and Miami blow it out. You're right wing ass
You got some nerve pick it on miss California George everybody's because
Is he's a bigoted bitch. I'm not giving her a hard time for stating her honest opinion
She's a bigot. Yeah, that's her honest opinion. That's fine. She stated it right, you know if it clansman gets up
He's got a right to say he's a bigot. That's correct if a clansman gets up and says you know
Black children shouldn't swim in the swimming pool with white children
That could be his honest opinion and and he's still a bigot right
What happened to freedom speech now freedom of speech you're an idiot Jorge you're free to express all the bigot of opinions that you want
I'm free to call you a bigot right
creepy George streepy in Orlando who's chronic and the sirens are coming again you hear him no
Can't hear that I do now
Fleet brought up a good point yesterday says George just how much could George be making that would adversely affect the bottom line of a number one show on a heritage large market station
That's correct
That's correct George, but you don't understand what's going on in today's economy
Everywhere you look they're slicing and dicing and chopping and cutting and everybody's getting screwed everybody's getting stabbed whether it makes a difference or not
Because there's some people who enjoy like ruining everybody's life and that's what I think part of this is all about
I say all you employers out there no matter what the business is fire everybody you're fired
Yeah, and what's Trump doing on there with Miss California? What's that all about he runs the uh the miss something or other does he really
Miss America something he bought that he still got that same haircut by the way
God with his money still can't get afford a haircut same come over oh my god
He looks like hell on wheels. He makes me look like freaking Patrick Kane
God how I wish
If I look like Patrick Kane I got news for I wouldn't be busy enough to be playing
I'd be too busy to be playing hockey or doing the show. I'd be I'd be out and about
Oot and a boot
I sure hope those damn Sri Lankans aren't blocking the streets again here today sick and tear their crap
I mean let's face it if you had if you had some big problem going on in your native country like Cuba for example
Would you come to Canada and demand that the Canadian government do something about it and if that didn't work
I'd go to Nova Scotia right that's where well that's Canada. I'm sorry
You better get your Canadian geography straight mystery. You're gonna wind up on the street
Sorry, is that the place that's a half hour off from everyone? Yeah, the hour and a half faster. They're an hour and a half ahead
Way way over there way east
P.E.I. Prince Edward Island. I think that's where Wally Hennessey is from hey
How's it going a Wally they still racing in pompano or what?
Oh speaking of that rick says enough about Georgia's upcoming termination for cause
Highly a racetrack is the opening the flamingos are getting a bath right now. Yeah, highly is the opening one second to happen
We had all those idiotic articles there from the Harold most of them wrong
Oh, it's harness raising, which is less glamorous. Yeah, right
Harness racing at the high alia that'll be a cold day in hell
No
Norma can't
Has just sent me something should I take a look at it and see what it is because it's on attachment sure
Could be a bulletin standby standby for news. You play a news founder then
Tha-tha-tha-tha-tha-tha-tha-tha I would I would get those out, but I don't I can't do it. I got something here
You got one. Yeah
Oh
Here's the attachment. Oh, I sure hope this isn't in the form that I can't open all if it's gonna be one of those
PDF. Oh, no, it's Adobe. I can read that
It's from joebel
Oh, no, it's two joebel. This is the one. This is the one we already knew about
Neil has reviewed your request to substitute another host for Georgia's as producer while sympathetic to the financial matters
You enumerated he declines you'll simply request that the longtime continuity of the show be protected and asked the WQM honored Georgia's contract
And it's entirely sincerely norma can't
How do you like that? That was on my Adobe reader. I was able to open it as opposed to usually the crap that they send me which I can't open
And all that Microsoft crap. Boy there's a lot of emails coming in today. They're pretty pumped up about all this crap
Neil, please keep boy George. Oh, this is from stoke broker Rick
Any shot at the prechtice promotion. Yeah, you send me this idiotic crap before anyone gonna be no pre pre-prechtice promotion with caps and hats etc
Here's one from oishmoy Jew
Says welcome back George. Oh, I don't think anybody changed any mind yet. We just got normal cants
moderate email moderately adamant
Why did joebel change his mind about George? He does really have a heart Neil threatened to bail
Georgia's wife put out and saved his job. Do I show it him her goods and told him to choose?
Etc etc
Welcome back George. Well, welcome back from what?
I didn't know I went anywhere
Did you go somewhere? Yeah, Uranus
And now I'm back
A poem from Baron Fitz the worst poem in history
He'll show us have to George's balls are bruised. Fjurebell is a fat loser hates Cubans and Jews
Oh, you like that one, huh? Cute it rhymed from from Mosh Mendrick or whatever his name is
It rhymes
Here's one from Keith
Let's talk about talent here. Listen to George's voice. It's not yours. It is naturally smooth and has a soothing tone to it
He has the ability to be diverse and change his tone singing or talking
flees voice sounds just plain
plain and soft
Like and like a school girl
There's no talent behind it when I hear flea do a commercial it sounds plain ridiculous George equals talent
Flea equals talentless says Keith. How do you like that? I shot at your friend tree
To Steve Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
Moe, how did David go to the room? I am here and you are
And I can't say it anymore. They put that for me. Thanks a no small part to that guy of midday show guys
Oh, Boca. Yeah, yeah, that's back to high. Who having a hell out of you met him. I did it. Yes out in the hall
I don't know who I don't know what everyone let's take some calls and shall we prestige is a Bud Pollyah city
Who yeah, hi mom. Yeah, what do you know what he's like? Where are people gonna realize this?
This is a sports show and nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
Yeah, by the way some they paid me to oggle and admit me
This here is a show for men about men like this
Millie bears and chaps you stole the pizza. Huh? You stole the pizza. I did not take no pizza
The pizza I don't be ridiculous
You stole the pizza. I don't know what you're talking about
I stole the pizza. I didn't steal more pizza. I stole the pizza
I did not steal no pizza. I stole the pizza
Now see here. I ate no pie, burglar. I stole the pizza. I did not steal the pizza
You only had one slice. They're okay. So it was a whole pie. Who cares? Those buns had no power. I was hungry
I sacrificed a lot too, you know, there was no Dr. Brown's just don't taste the same without the Dr. Brown's
As Groot is has that marijuana on Saturday good night and kiss my ass
Provo to it five sixty WQ I am happy Tuesday to you. So what's the story moving to the new building this weekend?
That's the story that's what I hear
There's a story about an ugly lady, but anyway, um, I wonder what they're gonna do about this ISD anything
Are they finishing it early? Are they asking for somebody?
It would be nice if they would tell me if somebody's been to show up because the likelihood is I won't be here
really now
Yes
Unless they come while I'm on the ear or unless they tell me ahead of time. I don't know
They're not they're just not communicating with me
Wait till you hear this that this will this will set you off you'll fall off the chair okay
Subject live video streaming of radio show and this is from well, let me just read it
High Neil my name is Donna Rowlandson and I'm the producer the video producer at newsmax.com
Great. I've been asked to contact you regarding an idea we'd like to propose involving the streaming video of your radio show live from our website
Like I want to be on some right wing some superfascist website
newsmax.com
If there would be interest in discussing this further, please let me know. I look forward to hearing from you
Donna Rowlandson and it's it's legit. It's got all kinds of crap with it. I mean looks like legit
I'm choked up about it
Isn't interesting all these offers of crap coming through on anonymously on the internet's on the email
Remember they were dying for my picture for some thing that we're doing about talk radio on newsmax
And they actually found some old pictures somewhere and stuck it on there
Newsmax.com. I don't concert with fascists. Okay. I don't want anything to do with your stupid ass website
Or you people or anything connected with you people go away Donna
The thousand eleven and a half points. Aren't you amazed at that? Yeah
And right in line with that here's another one from the so-called
Phantom Informer who doesn't have a name even a fake name
right
Who says okay your comments calling me a geek pissed me off and I started to reply back to you midway through the email
It started to sound like the robe young rant so I went with it. Hope we need a laugh out of you. Oh, yeah
Actually, Neil. I spoke to Catherine Brown on Friday. She was looking for who the hell are you?
Who are you speaking on my behalf you anonymous ass clown
She was looking forward to speaking with Norm at least to see what your demands were my demands for what
Isn't that the way it always works that the program director speaks to some groupie a caller that's a
emailer at anonymous groupie call right
It's just said that Norm refuses to make a return calls. He hasn't gotten any calls. Okay
Because he doesn't know who these people are he hasn't gotten any calls from anybody a cheap channel anybody in Orlando etc
How can your agent be so lazy and stupid what harm would it be to have George make a call to Catherine
I don't work for clear channel. They did not put me up to contacting you
This is the same one they wrote you people are so damn bad. You can't even call people back yadi-adi right
robe young jr
The fake fandom informer. He's not even a real fandom informer. He's a he's a rip off
fandom informer
Not even the real one sad
Geek would be I apologized to all the geeks in the world, okay
Like our close personal buddy Tom Velvita. Why was a geek? Yeah, I know
We figure that out then there was always Curtis
Feel good and Susie short skirts. You know, there was a secretary WNWS when I was there
Susan I think she was like the accounting bitch and air counting lady and
We used to call her Susie short skirts
I know that's not very interesting, but
That that was her nickname Susie short skirts. Yeah, I wonder what happened all those people
There was that bitch sales lady that wound up murmuring Mike moonshine. Yeah, who came to INZ?
I'm not gonna waste my time selling your show for a lauzia 50 bucks a spot when I can sell a morning a driver
You know like that and I got her the job there. I got her hired at INZ
What the hell was her name? Oh my god, it slips my mind. I can see her and I can see that Mike moonshine
He was the former salesman gloret the WS news
And
He used to pick her up on the corner
He'd pretend he'd be driving a home and he would she would sneak out the side door wherever and he would this
Driver on the building and pick her up on the corner. Can't think of her name somebody will know
I had an email from Dan Coons
Would you go who
Who
Would you just say Coons what you call me? Oh
K. U. N. Z. Dan Coons that was his name and then there was always Bob Coons
Wonder what happened to her
Here's one that says this is flea. I can do Georgia's job for her quarter of the money and save the station some cash
And we so we can all stay employed
Georgia's a no-tell and as clown leeching off you the money we can save can feed fat jolly joe jellie donuts for a year where do I sign flea?
Well, I can't believe I can't remember that sales bitch's name. I got her hired and then she you know
I was working nights at that time
Ellie Ellie that was her name Ellie smelly Ellie really
Here's one that says oh from the fake John Maynard Keens
Between hobbling your show with restrictions on material and it is a temporary George
I'm convinced that this man meaning Joe has no clue what he's doing
I routinely listen to George when you're out and so do many of my friends my friends
And we are part of that coveted 18 to 35-year-old demographic advertisers love if you think about it however
There's a logical motive to be found if the axe were to come down between George and Joe who would you choose to cut?
A guy the audience clearly likes or some guy that's all but killed one of the highest rated shows in the market
Sounds like an act of self-preservation on Joe's part if you ask me still listening after 15 years
I didn't know there was a contest between you and Joe
No, I can't I don't even know Joe Bell. I don't even understand that
Oh Lord asked limbauses. I'm visiting your friend in Toronto next weekend with my failing kidneys
I thought I might stop by and use your powder room when you got to go you got to go
Please have a large supply of Sherman and several cans of glee'd love Lord ass
You aren't allowed in the building Lord ass stay out of Toronto
Oh here we go. I was not gonna write today, but I've had it with you and George
This is Paul Smith the fake religionist, you know, oh yeah
Okay, we get it you enjoy our screaming queens, but to attack miss california for her non-bigoted opinion
Well, that just frost my ass
You two are bigoted and straight straight a phobic
Oh, that's what stand made you used to call the audience hetrophobic
Is that what they like me and they hated him like poison eyes the hetrophobes out there hetrophobic
Yeah, there's everybody in their audience is a fake is that that's right corn to stand
I promise you I will stop listening to your show and take that as a threat
Why don't you two fags get a room and leave the rest of us alone
Later ass munch get help for your sickness queerness before it's too late in his name
writes the fake Paul Smith
You know what that sounds like to me that lunatic and highly what that was yeah, I don't know myriol right
sir
It sounds a lot like him
Sir that I was down 30 points
3000 acres burning in the Palm Beach County with the man Chad Myers in the severe weather center
So that good seashore in the severe weather center. He's the severe weather specialist
Oh, here you go
Phantom informer. I will give you some free advice get into agent clear chandelor land who has yet to hear from norm
They're serious about this if you are please say yeah, keep sending the same thing over and over and over again
He already quoted chapter in verse normus phone number his cell number and they have one of the first email
It started all this dog imponey phoneiness
So if you're so anxious for them to contact normal why don't you give them normus phone number
He'll accept the call especially if you don't have to pay for it
Wow
Phantom informer. I think the next act the next one gets blocked
Don't you think hey whatever
Enough is enough already
Oh, yeah, here's one from scotton panels park take up newsmaxes offer
That way it'll f them when the right wingers the right wingers see and hear you when they are killed. They'll clear right
Just what I need to be honored to be a target for the right wingers. Oh, yeah
Like I said the only way they're going to accomplish what they want here is to kill me
And maybe they'll have some of the newsmax people do it
Here's that fag in Toronto take a look at him. Okay, go get him
Newsmax stay away from my show on my life newsmax. Okay
You ask clowns you you you not sees you you neo not see clowns
This is how desperate the right wingers are now that they got reputed last november and they're out and nobody gives a crap about them anymore
Demsie says holy joys. I just had to tell you there's a break from all this barzini business
Someone joebell is updated to your wikipedia entry regarding George
Can someone out there recommend an arse doctor
Yeah, oh
If you could read this as soon as I said this I'm calling a partologist good thinking okay, welcome ass clown
tragic
Like you were saying before about the it's like the porkees crowd, you know, yeah
That crowd of punks
Everything's a big joke. Oh
yuck yuck yuck yuck
Idiot
We're going out of his
Oh
Oh speaking of food
Yes, what's nukin bacon right and you forgot to remind me you told me not to text you
Oh
Oh
Some of these emails just go on forever
And next fan of informer I'm blocking it cut the crap
Same thing over and over and over again come up with some new phony drama, okay
My bacon's ready. What should I do?
Uh, go eat it or go get it go get it. Well, I can't eat until I get it
Do that first
Steve says our favorite time on QA was the near Roger show but just to spoil all our fun. Joe says George must go
What's a poem?
Excellent behind all this we detect the ugly work of Joyce
It's a backhand way for QA and the silence deals dissenting voice
Neil show is great for years then Joyce and Jolly Joe broke it soon
Now see here George is staying so take that stick that in your pipe and smoke it good reading
P.S. Don't worry George. I called Iliana. She's organizing a rally on coyote with a knight in support of a fellow Cuban who's being victimized right
Yeah, Iliana. Yeah, she if you're good if you're gonna come on Iliana, but nice knowing you
That bitch
Well, Rafi is a hero and Jorge is this and uh
Jose is that then I'm a crazy bitch
Only in South Florida only in Dead County could Iliana Rosanna Dan. I got to get my bacon
It's beeping man that microwave is beeping
Go ahead
Yeah, it is
Yes
Janet watch shorts
That's all it's got
Hmm came out good this time
Good one thing about nukeable baking even if you nuke it for the same number of seconds every time it always comes out a little bit different
Never great
Oh
Here we go
Grab the fake great mutelle says who is this phantom guy stealing my bit
Real radio in Orlando is a jackball station that clear channels turn and run into the ground
Have you ever heard the station listen online the monsters make bubble sound like an intellectual
They have sole brother Ken on the ear now sounds like he's doing the show from the hood tragic says the fake Greg mutelle
So now we have the battle of the fake um radio insiders, okay pretty exciting not
Oh
Here's one it says hey guys. I haven't heard out in George talk about that
Triple X-bow that was on this weekend the Beach Convention Center. Did he go? I didn't go I didn't go
He's Alejandro. He didn't go so we don't know
There you go
You hear them coming again to give me one of these days they will you hear it yep
Oh
Boy this is really good
I don't know why
And here's the memo about the AC has been turned out in my building on Thursday. Thank God. It's about time
Hallelujah
Yeah
It is so
uncomfortable so what's the word I'm looking for?
Stuffie stuffy that's the exactly the word stuffy and unon livable
And I went down a few days ago. I said when are you idiot's gonna turn I didn't say that but when you're gonna turn the AC on already you asked clowns
And as memo came out yesterday about how the 14th that's Thursday the AC's going on the whole building
You think I should take a little credit for that no yep and what's that gonna give me cardboard cookie?
Hmm
You know what I do that I shouldn't really do among many other things I chew the ice at woodbind yeah, that's fun
It is not fine. It's fun
And it's fine. No, I like the ice. Yeah, I don't care what they say
But sometimes you get a sharp piece and it like cuts into the upper gum, you know, yeah, well, that's frextra fun
No, it hoits
Oh eating this bacon on here was not a good idea. Shloy me what's his name is gonna send me an email. What was his name?
I don't know. Moshe puppet the guy that was always lecturing us about eating on here. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't matter what his name is
You don't think he was a fake do you? Oh no
The fat man after darks is George leaving your show is just unacceptable if he's let go what we get the summer tapes of alien and the pope the pope and alien that's it you got it the pope and alien
Little alienito
And the abuela who's a checking out his goods
I just I just find that so
unacceptable
You don't yeah
You don't find that unacceptable just just basically on a for real level
Yes, I suppose to an ethnic level on a visceral level on a visceral level. Whenever started like mr. Unmentionable. Yeah
I think you're getting prepared to go over there and work with your friend Nick Lauren. Sure my buddy
He's the one that trained me anyway. He's gonna what he trained me. He was my friend. He really trainer
And talk to you what and talk radio anyway. I was already a DJ for many years, but yeah
He was the only thing you need to do
controversy how to set up phone calls
How to discuss with the host which opinion he should have depending on what's going to piss people off the most right basically
How to fake your way through a radio show
In other words, what not to do I see
And luckily you discarded all of his his yeah, I could see what it did for Steve and I didn't for who like
You know mr. Ego who yeah what exactly
Do I see the dow is down oh no
I see red arrow on the Nasdaq I see the S&P is down
That damn luni is hovering there around 86 cent boy that really frost my fat ass, you know
Bacon is a killer I think of all the all the food things that you could eat
Bacon has got to be one the worst for you probably, but sure as yummy. Oh, it is I love it
What's mean a wonderful mood for the rest of the day leave that no
And you ought to be feeling pretty chipper now that you got that official Norma can't letter having been sent to joebell emailed
Um, been on a official can't and core McCann the station
Whoo
Oh boy if I was you I feel secure now
Norma's really going to bad for the party
And of course it reminds me that I'm going to send him some more money later on you know down the road
And thanks me profusely for having sent him a check for services not rendered
I'll tell you one one thing about Norma can't he's been incredibly effective with joebell not
Ever since jolly joe weird his ugly head and ass in this in this building
It depends on what's the deal with the new building now next week
You keep asking that like I know something
I told you everything that we know
Who's we you would die yeah, we're supposed to be a wise and you're good close personal buddy flea give you a heads up
He doesn't know anything more why?
What do you think I got the information from if I know anything
The
Station begins broadcasting from there this weekend we are all told
You plus whoever else will start over there on Monday
No, I'm going to be sitting right here right
And hopefully somebody will be able to hear me because the align is going to work
Hopefully when are they going to check that out? I don't know
I'm just you know asking silly questions. I don't know. You're bastard. You know me. I'm a troublemaker. That's right
Oh, you know just have confidence in our engineering department. They'll get it all screwed up straight now
Say your crazy girlfriend just announced that she's pregnant need help finding an OBGYN
Well, there's an app for that. Want to get the baby started on the right foot with an extensive baby gift registry
There's an app for that great. She's off to a good start now. Are you looking to get out of town and change your identity
There's an app for that. Maybe you want to completely disappear and become a Somali pirate
Well, there's an app for that too. In fact, we have apps for avoiding any new or unforeseen responsibilities
only on the iPhone
I don't want one
No, thanks
You want an iPhone? No, I'm good. Maybe you'll buy one we bring you that new car sure maybe it'll be included
Ah, now you see how far how this has turned around so fast
We've gone from your new contract
And your 5% raise was a 3% raise it was 3% originally right to a 5% cut and pay right whichever one got so I know car
Right and then you're fired and then you're fired
I'm done with my bacon. I mean, I'm chewing on last piece
Then I'll wash it down with my diet doctor pepper, which you don't approve of. Yeah. Oh, I mean it's more for you
Yeah, that's right. I like it
You'd have my portion
I just did I just finished a two liter bottle
And I got my diet Pepsi sitting standing by now
That was down 34 points no no big simmous no reason to panic yet, okay, okay
We cleaned up the pig flu and the dial and the world is coming away. No reason to panic yet
We'll let you know
So his boy Gary who didn't like that sounded at dropping oh, I don't know
Or Steve nickel who has more personality in terms of on the air content Steve Dickel was he yeah
Yeah
Well, you talk about the popcorn you channel
sure truce mm-hmm
I mean there was a real weird guy yep weird yep strange no question
I never forget that one day I walked into his office was early. I came in early for some reason
He didn't expect anybody to be coming in there and the middle drawer in his desk
He shut that drawer so fast he almost took his fingers off. I have a creepy Steve nickel story
Yeah, remember how the building was all laid out. It was like a long flat looking building
Yeah, and we used to park in the back as you recall
So I had to resume the early shift filling in for my good friend Roger Magdalene who also tried to write my job
Yeah, and all the windows were black because nobody was there yet
It was a pitch black still dark out and I was just looking at a wall of black windows as I was walking in and all of a sudden a light caught my eye and
It was a light and Steve Nichols office and it was him lighting a cigarette. So all that was lit up was his face
You know, yeah somebody's letting a cigarette so it just all of a sudden there's Steve Nichols face glowing in the light and you know in front of a wall of black
This was like 4.35 o'clock in the morning wow
And he was in there in the office in the dark lighting in the dark in the darks the lighting up a cigarette a lot of people
We worked for over the years have been in the dark mm-hmm. I'm gagging on that bacon. Oh man. What do you have to eat that?
Don't be eating on the year. Sorry. I talked to him. I do
You know, I think you just touched on your replacement. I don't think it's gonna be fleet all. That's why he doesn't know anything about it
Who's gonna be Steve Nichols? No, you just mentioned his name though
He's been good Roger Roger Magdalene. Roger. That's right. Hey handsome. I thought he's handsome
What a goofball man
Legend in his own mind
Maybe he's out flying right now. Yeah, I sure hope that plane don't crash. Maybe that's the one with Kesson Harris on
Here's one from Karen from Lareda
Remember Lareda Florida see I finally realized by George always sounds depressed. It's the damn management
I would find it awfully hard to come to work every day to a boss who doesn't appreciate the talent
A damn corporation that doesn't realize what they have and who exactly is bringing in more listeners than all the other commentators
If your radio station fires George maybe it would be better for George
I'm sure someone would pick him up so fast the QM would look like fools when they see their ratings into toilet
Ah
I think George would be so happy
And if QM I got a bacon bits stuck in my throat. Oh no. Oh wash it down with Dr. Pepper
Oh
Uh, I'm sure someone would pick him up so fast the QM would look like fools when they see their ratings hit the toilet
I think George would be so happy if QM really let him go tell him to go pound salt
If they don't appreciate him they're really missing out on the gold mine like the goose that laid the golden egg
It sounds like QM is ready to kill the goose. I'm sorry. I ever say anything against George. Uh-huh
I now know George doesn't kiss QM's ass and that's why they want him out
I refuse to say anything about flea. I only care about you and George. Oh, I find they got a mention in there
If QM wants to let him go George should just tell him take this job and shove it
You watch how fast another successful radio station would grab him up and what's successful radio station might that be?
I don't know. I don't know
We don't have any anymore. No, we don't have any we don't have any radio stations in much less successful
There's always James crystal radio man
Steve Lapa knows five wide powerhouses. He's got
With all starting with oh point oh
Neil if they fired George just let us know what we can do to boycott the station starting with their sponsors
Oh, I'm sorry George has to deal with such crap
Neil I don't know how you can stand the abuse he gets. How about the abuse I get
Isn't there anything you can do about it sincerely? Karen? Oh, I love that last part. Isn't there anything? No
I'm I'm just sitting back and letting them give can Karen bitch
Isn't there anything you can do about it?
How do you like that?
Yeah
Yeah, thank you though Karen
Yeah, thanks. Ursus. Thanks for kissing his ass and giving me a sh-
Yeah, that's my response. That's my blackberry and blueberry
Oh, here's one from the fake joebell stop eating on the ear or I'll sick joe rose on your ass
You ask time long live storm cat
Uh, that's probably from the real joebell. He probably likes storm cat
His kind of call bad tune out
Wouldn't you think yeah
In fact, maybe he is storm cat
Oh look at this staff changes rage static at WBAI
Wow, this business this business was already in the toilet now. It's in the septic tank
It's been low the toilet. It's below ground
Wait till I read this
You ready for it? I'm ready. I'm not because it's not off the thing. Yeah, here's the poor result
The biggest burden that I'm dealing with right now is my job stability 77
77
Worrying about George losing his job 65 my health 58. I'm not worried about anything 50
I can't pay my bills 50 my relationship status 42 trying to find a job 41
How the dolphins are going to do this year 23. Oh, yeah
My no health insurance 19 paying for my kids college tuition 10
I'm losing my homes sick at five and my card doesn't run three
How's your car running George? What car the one that they traded out for you
It's running somewhere sex are running away
Anyway, it says I hope they don't do this to George
The changing of the guard at WBAI has picked up speed with longtime program director of renard white put on 10 days
Suspension which really said he says means he's fired
This is a termination said white and a note to his supporters after he was ushered from the building on Friday
I'm not allowed in the building you said I'm unable to retrieve my personal belongings
That I've accumulated over my 29 year association with WBAI that's the station that got fine for George
Carlin 730 words 100 years ago
1972 or three whatever was okay
Critics of white and former station manager Anthony Rittle who was offered a reassignment last week
Sadies moves are necessary to re broaden WBAI's audience without compromising its original mission as a free speech alternative to commercial media
We hope this will be the beginning of a renaissance for WBAI since Steve Brown remember the
Local station board governing WBAI who argues that under white the station is serving an increasingly narrow audience. Oh
Supporters of white high ever likened these changes to the Christmas coup of 2000
Among the moves at that time the station also changed management before a long campaign brought back many of those had been removed
White supporters plan a rally tonight at seven o'clock at Union Office District
1707 75 Varic Street
White is also scheduled to talk about WBAI Sunday night during a form at 730 at the Salem United Methodist Church
129 street in Palabolvart
WBAI is now conducting a fund drive considered critical to its future
Brown urged supporters to make the driver success
So the station can start to make back some of the revenues that the previous management has lost through poor policies
White and his supporters blame other factors such as high rent for the WBAI offices
How do you like that?
Okay, the business is finished and this is the business
Show me here is I'll show you mine
Is it
Drink
Give him the grass
The bulb is stop, stop
He likes his smug of man
The bulb is stop, stop
He's a grumpy hater
The bulb is stop, stop
The bulb is stop, stop
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
They're taking two line up there
He'll do better if they don't watch that
Till forgot to take a pill
Now she's got it, got it
Taken pills if not a joke
For a proven hope
But she's gonna do it
Talk of marijuana, smoke
The bulb is stop, stop
He gave him the grass
The bulb is stop, stop
He likes his smug of man
The bulb is stop, stop
He's a grumpy hater
The bulb is stop, stop
The bulb is stop, stop
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
The bulb is getting higher
The bulb is getting higher
The bulb is getting higher
The bulb is getting higher
The bulb is stop, stop
He's a grumpy hater
The bulb is stop, stop
It likes his smug of man
The bulb is stop, stop
The boys starts down The boys starts down The boys starts down
Smokes, rolls somethin' time
Go, go, go, go, go, go
Oh
We're going out of business
Right, I love that I guess I said that every time I played it tonight not every time don't you love it?
I love that
Oh boy no more oldsman be on a more pony ink is it oldsman be it was that the first one that they wish me can I'm not sure
I thought it was Buick, but they still make Buick yeah, I had a really great little Buick what the Skyhawk?
Okay Skylark no Skyhawk okay
A red one boy that was a great little car that was back in the I don't know early I don't know when
early 80s
You're Skyhawk that was one of my favorite cars I
Bet they don't make that no more no more oldsman be on no more pony ink
I had a had a cutlass olds cutlass back in the 73
Not impressed
Okay, I had a pony at what it was some of the other pony X a big black one
Yeah, grandam no not a grandam
Come on you're supposed to be the car expert even though you don't have one grand territo no
Pontiac grand trans a grand pre
Careful I X yeah, I didn't know if I could say that on the urinal no not anymore
Run it by Joyce can I say pre Joyce you know Joyce has a problem with pre and P
I heard this very jacket did you use belts on here? I thought I heard a belt. I did anybody else out there her a belt
Oh
You're already skating on thin ice very jackass says the need to marx will be on ESPN news channel air check tonight at
6.30 p.m
Whatever happened to the fake need to mark my favorite fakeers is Barry the fake Barry
Would you like me to check with the station in Orlando? You can come at you. I go ahead
You probably don't have much else going on if you have all this time to be emailing me. Yeah, you want to check with Orlando?
You can you and the fandom informer can allope very hey Barry you fairy
Oh, no, this really cracks me up these emailers who are just like the chronic callers
You know the ones I want to hear the sound of their own voice the emailers who want to hear me read their email on here
Mm-hmm
I never got to this guy because the email had nothing to do with anything was about
It would have been out of the blue
From the president of the Florida atheists and secular humanists so today he says hi
I'm the atheist who sent a couple of notes yesterday
I was cutting cars apart fire department training and missed the first half of the show. Is there a replay online?
From the same guy
Yeah, you can go to the archives, but let me tell you right now
Can you be wasting your time because I didn't read the article yesterday or today?
I got in my pile if I get to it fine if not later in a week. I'll get to it
Being the proud atheist that I am and Georgia being the heathen that he is right
Maybe that's the problem maybe Joe wishes that you were a little more from you know a little more religious yeah
Maybe you ought to be doveting there every day by real hot dog rocking back and forth a little bit
You know couldn't heard I got on the tallest the right the Kapas that sits this
To the yoga right I got all the gear
Put on a nice robe like the folly father's guy so you could take a holy crap
Will says I may have missed these topics
That this is this is just I don't know what to say about these emails about these people
One how did Joe Bell take the position that Greg read once held the bees these gave it to him that's how
Two how did the situation unfold when Greg wanted to fire George about a Howard David email or something?
The situation unfolded that I said absolutely no way Jose or hey and the Moe finally backed off and
And Mo admitted he tried to get George fired when he had and had somebody come in near Robert Creeper one of them underlings the Lord of the board the
Creep
And it invited me to come in and to wish him a happy birthday
And out of nowhere in the midst of my saying hey happy birthday Moe
You know why Georgia still here? I said no because I backed off I did the right thing
Which is way of admitting that he tried to get you can which we knew all along anyway?
Well, he was he was just the ultimate bastard. He yeah, I'm surprised him and Joe didn't get along well
Because one thing they hadn't come and they wanted to get everybody fired fired you fired
Right right now was Moe
He wanted the beast fired. He wanted Zack fired. He wanted George fired. He wanted me fired. He wanted the Kerala and fired
Everybody got blown off that show
Talk about producers
Because his failures were always somebody else's a like Brook Daniel same thing the babbling broate and Randy same thing
Same thing with the goddess
St. Crab
Am I wrong or am I no you're I'm my spot on
You got a spot on your head. Yeah, I got a spot
Soft spot. No, I got a spot on my
Brackum
Probably a big tumor starting
Soldier charge interact bass killings sergeant John Russell is with 54 engineering battalion killed five guys
And originally they had a wrong originally they said um
He killed himself. They did not too bad
Too bad now somebody else is gonna have to waste a bullet. Mm-hmm
I thought that Obama was bringing everybody home. They just weak. Can we do it by the end of the week would be nice
Right and stop sacrificing all these human lives
Oh chef Sparky is here. He's usually spastic just wanted a way into my support for George
It's criminal that fat ass bosses doing to that once great radio station and makes one long for the Greg Reed days again. Yes
He hated George also, but at least realized it wasn't good to mess with success
Will follow George's wherever he may end up if not I always have a job peeling onions for you George
Maybe wishing washing the lettuce good luck. All right
Can you peel onions without cracking slice them and dice them? No, I'll cry. I can peel them walk
Maybe you can use the wrong for peel of a vegematic right the vagimatic
I don't think we can play that one. Can we why not or we can I don't know I don't know
Well, let's find out
Ladies are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties unwanted hands creeping where they shouldn't be
Oh, that's not the Bob and Tom one. That's a different one
It was the greatest TV offer ever the fabulous Ronco
vegematic and now attention ladies in the labor-saving tradition of the vegematic
Bodet Cole presents the all-new
Vagimatic
Vagimatic the first feminine hygiene product that offers more than just feminine protection
Here's how it works your husband Earl is an abusive alcoholic loser and he's come home again late on a Saturday night
Hey, baby, it's me and I'm ready to party
Actually dear. I'm rather tired. I'm going to sleep your drunk and I don't want you to touch me
Earl doesn't know it but she's inserted her brand new
Vagimatic feminine protection
Let's boogie baby ready or not here comes Earl
I
Must warn you I'm wearing my new Vagimatic so please leave me alone
I'm warning you don't do that
I'm bleeding
I don't think so the vagimatic slices and dices and a puree
They won't be able to sew that back on it's bad dramatic real feminine protection from Bob it co
You're right
Vagimatic picks the ginseng eyes throw out your machete and try a bad dramatic it slices it snips it butylates and it's
Biltless and it even makes julienne fries
Badger at it from Bob it co
Call now and receive a free pocket fisherman and our handy home suture kit
I'm a rain of Bob it when it comes to feminine protection nothing cuts the mustard like a vagimatic
Order now call 1 800 866 7 426 that's 1 800 86
Oregon
You're a thing to Neil Rogers if the one to do our
Oh
Real American a hoes real American a hoes
Rectose we salute you mr. Shopping more food sample guy mr. Shopping more food sample guy
You shamelessly block the pass of the most aggressive shoppers while holding a lot and an
Identifiable meat-like substance on a toothpick my boss is it's chicken sure it is
And that gummy tobacco colored sauce that it's immersed in was prepared by emerald
Well, whatever it is it caught the eye of the rosy old Donald look alike headed right for you
Sure you drop samples on the floor from time to time, but that's okay. It adds nutritional value
So we salute you mr. Shopping more food sample guy your gravy stained uniform your mystery meat and
Your nervous tick you our real American a hoes
Yeah, 102 at 560 WQ and we got the big old coming up at two mad dog from shulas at four and then that's at seven o'clock
That's the end
Wait till you hear this one from the fake James Arnie. I think you might be interested in this okay
Neil I've been very perplexed by all this George Hubbub if I still had my weekly column
I'd write a rip job on it place. It was good to see Tom write his piece Tommy jica
A friend of mine who speaks to a member of the QAMS sales staff pretty regularly told me he's been hearing that Joe Bell is on his way out
And some other BBGI management type will be taking over QAMS soon
I tuned in the 790 this morning to see how Jorge Sedano and that tick were doing awful radio
You know, this is the only comment I've had about that show they've been on two mornings now with our highly touted new show across the street
Jorge and Crystal or Schwartz and
Jim Sarni says awful radio while I have to go play my pregness party some Italian sausages onion dip and
Pudging my brains out online will make for great today the fake Jim Sarni. How do you like that?
Somebody from the QAMS sales staff allegedly is saying that yeah Joe Bell is on his way out
Wouldn't that be a shame?
Maybe this is his parting shot at me, you know getting even with me
Maybe dumping your ass. Yeah getting getting that me through you for being such a bastard. Not that it's the first time
You know
What do you mean by that?
The management can't touch you so they beat me. What do you mean they can't touch me?
Well, what does that mean? They never have been able to they share this hell have can't fire you without paying you off
That's what that means well, then pay me off
They want to pay me off. I'll take you're yeah, that would be doing you a favor
Oh, they won't do that. Do they want to pay anybody off some of that they don't like you know what the Bruce Beasley says
I believe in an honest days work for an honest days pay
And jolly joe pats a monitor bag right on Bruce right on
They do a lot of ho-hoes together maybe they eat a lot of ho-hoes together
George Ann says hey Neil. Thanks for being you
Yesterday was having a terrible day was on the Palmetto in sick traffic and have some personal stuff going on
So I'm listening to manage and one of your commercials for the show comes on and it's Maria's tacos
So the bit ends and your voice comes on and you say something like all right or yeah sounds corny to say but this man hearing you while the seriousness of sports is going on just made me so
laugh my ass off
Thanks Neil by the way Jim doesn't care about having guest BC. He has personal countdown till last show who Jim who?
Mad to jumpers of oh oh because he has his personal countdown till his last show which he has 360 days left to go
He's got an I don't give an attitude now always listening says George Ann. Thanks George Ann that a boy mad dog screw him
He doesn't care that they're butchering his show because he's leaving anyway whenever whenever it's time to retire
Time for you Rogers retire. No can't afford it need that cash baby. I
wonder if my
bonus check showed up down there today. I'll get a load on on that later
So here's the story am I I'm pronouncing his name right QDA that's correct or is it QTA QTA
QDA you don't look at cute to me
He ain't no Patrick a can I'll take it that well I'll tell you black hawks who wouldn't pay a thousand dollars just for about 20 seconds in that locker room
Patrick can and Jonathan tapes stark naked and Marty have left too
Patrick can big game had trick last night and tape scores the winning goal
Is they stuck it to Roberto LeWango man that goes to the Panthers must to hungover LeWango's head you think
Must be the curse of the Panteros
How the Panthers doing in the playoffs they win any games oh oh
In his first English language TV interviews since photo surface showing him
Follocking with a woman on Miami Beach the Reverend Alberto QDA appeared on national TV yesterday. Did you see him?
Yeah, without his priestly collar showing a bit of neck under a white button down
Apologizing profusely to the church and fellow Catholics apologizing profusely and showing a little a neck
Wow, I wonder if it's a chicken neck I doubt it
So how's chicken neck taking all this you've been speaking him yeah
Is he showing up today with his goods?
We are getting together. Yeah, yeah, he'll take care of you. I'm sure you will
Tell tell him I'm not over nighting anything, okay?
I can't afford the after 30 bucks to Phoenix he listens to the show. I don't have to tell him anything
He listens religiously yep chicken neck yep. How's he doing fine does he need money?
Just a joke I
Take full responsibility for what I did. I know it's wrong father QDA told Maggie Rodriguez anchor of CBS's the early show
Changing his tune from Friday when he sounded much less contrite in interview with Univision
Then he said I will never say I'm sorry for loving a woman
Though the photos have reignited debate over priest and celibacy QDA who had even said before the scandal broke
He was in favor of celibacy becoming a choice instead of a mandate
Told Rodriguez he believes in a vow he couldn't keep
I don't want to be the anti-celibacy priest he said adding that I guess they've gotten to him, huh?
Right adding that at least some in the church had known for while he was in a spiritual crisis involved with a woman
Well probably better than with a 10-year-old boy
Not from the way where they said oh, that's true from where they what sit?
They sit on it. I become kind of a poster boy for it
I don't want to be that I believe celibacy is a good commitment to God
He said in my case it was something I struggled with for a long time in confession in spiritual direction retreats
Very good mentors and priests helped me deal with this issue
Maybe they can teach him out of alter boys
The Miami Archdiocese he still has made no indication about QDA's future might be he's been relieved of his duties as St. Francis to sales perish in Miami Beach
Father QDA has a decision to make and he's taking some personal time to do so as spokeswoman Mary Ross agosto said yesterday
She's still there how that old bag. I mean
QDA said the romance with the woman in the photos identified media reports as Rahama Boone, Canela's 35 a
divorce mother living in Miami Beach started a couple years ago
Friday he told the herald that while they met about 10 years ago and had a mutual attraction from the beginning
The love affair was less than a year old the love affair
So in other words, he's known her for about 10 years, but there's only been screwner for less than a year
Is that what he means? That's exactly right
He told CBS this was the first time he broke his vow of celibacy
I entered the 7th or 8 22 years ago. He said in 22 years. I've never had a sexual relationship with anyone
How sad I committed myself fully to my vows. This is the only person I've had sexual contact with
The photos which appeared in the Spanish language magazine TV note us were taken on a quiet stretch of Miami Beach a few months ago
QDA said on a cold day when no one else seemed to be around
He said he believes the lifeguard altered the paparazzi alerted the paparazzi that he was there
He alerted the paparazzi
Hey, if I was here with the chick
It was an imprudence. He said about his moment of fun in the sun. It was stupid
But he wouldn't spell out exactly what he plans to do next. He told the herald that he would eventually like marriage in children
But yesterday QDA said he has a lot to process first
My bishop has given me time to think about it. This is a difficult time of transition of time
Thinking about the future. He said I've had to you said transition not transition transition
Prodigy jersey to think probably QDA's girlfriend seems to be for marriage
You know any woman who doesn't want to get married to the person he loved he said
I'm ready to pursue my responsibilities
And I'm ready to begin on the road to that if that's what god wants
And I feel in my heart that maybe that is what god wants he wants it
But QDA wouldn't come out and say he was ready to leave the priesthood
That's what I'm in the process of thinking about right now. We said I'm not ready to answer that publicly
I first need to talk to my bishop who is the person that I first have to respect in honor
Maybe ought to talk to Ann bishop that old dyke or she's still dead what
That would that would turn him back to us something else the celibacy. Yeah
Can you even begin to imagine I'd rather not wow
Talk about crotch rock. I mean, I'm sorry. Sorry, Ann
Sorry, Sandy. I wonder Sandy Peyton still got her body locked away somewhere
Remember and there was that big snit after Ann passed away. Yeah, I mean her and Sandy over who had control of the body and the booty and right
Mac and on that booty me. Oh, no
That's a lot of mac and man holy mac and on as Joe Bowen would say
Isn't that what he would say. Yeah, that's a big Mac
How about those black hawks by the way no emails about the hawks
Surely you know your friend surely the barge of money at the track that day. Yeah things don't work out of the station
I have a truck TV dogs and guns Montana here we come all right
Yeah, you can high-tailed it out of town with old Shirley
Georgian is back. Sorry about the bad grammar, but all all I meant was that you put a big smile on my face
Thanks again. No problem Georgian. No need to apologize
Oh
Chester copper pot give me give it a break. He's trying to be a comedian
Really again? Yeah
Oh, mail is running late today, so I don't know if the bonus check is there got that message from Garcia
From John Garcia
Okay
Oh Fred and Boca who's nothing but caustic ass clown
It's about time you moved on from the Georgia's job is on the line story remember your audience and I'm reading the emails as they come in
Okay, and that's what most of our about schmuck including yours
Nobody here really gives a hoots since their pay won't be affected
But thanks for the free entertainment while it lasted. Why don't you get a job as a hockey co-host you can get into black hawks locker rooms
Says Fred. Yeah, that sounds good to me
They'd have a hell of a time getting me out of there once I got in
490 votes on the pole do over 500. That's not not great
Fat Chris wouldn't be too impressed and Josh quarters finally cast that check. Let's hear it for him
So maybe he's gonna have a rip snorten weekend or maybe just a snorten weekend. I don't know
You see him at all? Yeah, everyone's in a lot of times a week
Do you and what's his take is he gonna take care of you if you could can that's right. He's gonna let me sleep on his couch
Oh
Oh boy
Maybe you can get some leftovers some slop overs. What do you think hey? I've seen what he gets. I'll take him will you yeah like that Russian check absolutely
Now whatever happened with him on that well, we'll do it after the break. Okay. I like naked guys
Open up I say
What
You see this here
Production starting on three stu just movie still no decision on who will play mo
So why don't you get it mallet head?
They're thinking about this guy here in ACO del Toro
Good actor makes a great lord moa but he ain't no mo
I'm perfect for it. Why I am mo once they get all out on me. It's a cinch Elk at the lead role
Dreaming huh? Well, she holds dreaming when I get back from Hollywood did it
Hmm
Ah Hollywood at last. I think this is the studio right here
I hand mister where you think you're going. I'll see here. I am mo. How would it be?
And I'm here for the new three stu just movie to make it. I wouldn't go into that studio
They're filming a gangster movie in there. Okay, get out of my way
Hello everybody. I'm here the starter of your three stu just movie
And action
What's he trying to say? I'm dying on the air. Oh, and
Well, let me ask you something. Do you know anybody else in the world who says that? No
Oh, well, at least you got to give it to me as unique. I'll give it to
Will you yeah, a lot of people like to give it to me and what they want to give it to
that
499 on the floor is it let me let me refresh with maybe over 500
That would be a half a feather in our cap
Uh 499 like I said bastards
Here's one from uh, that came in the other day that I didn't get around to yesterday
Actually, it came in Friday afternoon. All right from boomer
He says I really want to rant as I write this regarding the people responsible for shortening Ken's life
But those that were there this morning at the V.A. burial grounds and like worth from the station a few mostly ex-employees about six
And some of his close friends of many years had an opportunity to share a few quality highlights and moments
Of our departed fellow broadcaster colleague and friend as he was awarded our his final respects and proper
Naval military tradition having been award war to sailor he was 83 I heard that seems to be most of all what you hear about a person after they're gone
The number of son revolutions they were able to complete
They don't make them like Ken anymore. Well, Mrs
Athorotated crystal clear voice style and professionalism that hasn't been handed down properly to those who are now attempting to come up with enough through the ranks in this line of work
Work that I call this correctly. It's garbage thanks to deregulation
Let's support the current administration on Pennsylvania Avenue to re-regulate and bust of these conglomerates who aren't interested in
Broadcasting
I first met Ken nearly 30 years ago while working on channel 51 the day of Dixon era his main responsibilities back then were wrapped around the Bisqain
Cal Club and reading news at WGBS 710
My friend Larry Knight Stein was PD at the time. How do you like that?
Who worked for me in Kalamazoo and Sturgis Michigan?
As the nature of this or who died a long time ago
As the nature of this or business head your career moving up and down the dial and back and forth across town
Whenever I ran into Kenny was always in a good mood and able to
Something off the stress while in the parking lot having a smoke and a few laughs between newscasts
He always remembered me somehow was an absolute pro at every facility that was ever lucky enough to have his employee will miss you Ken
Joy joebell joeys pitch shame on you shame on you for giving Ken only a week's severance pay when you can't him during the last holiday season
Shame on you for not even giving him the standard at least a week for every one of the 10 years of broadcast service. He gave to WQAM
Shame on you for your pathetic budget unable to afford this man's services and what 70 bucks a day
If you people knew about broadcasting and how to sell it
Ken's daily salary would have been more than paid for with just one 60 seconds spot
His superior voice and stature made the radio stations sound like a real radio station
Even though it's nothing more than a collegiate area fairy sports bar with a microphone rest in peace Ken says the boomer
And he liked that very nice
Who was also friends with Larry Knight slash Larry Stein
Who lived with me and how Indiana for a brief time when we were working in Sturgis Michigan. How do you like that how
How Indian do I like that just how do you like that
Don't be making light of how Indiana it's right across the Indiana Michigan border
It's right near the uh toll house on the Indiana freeway. What are they'll they call it
There's something at the glass house
I've asked about that a few times and nobody seems maybe it's not the glass house anymore
Like those turnpike things they have in Florida those restops
Where they have like Nathan's and the famous anus cookies and stuff like that
In Indiana they were called the glass house
And on a way like driving to say Chicago to go to Washington Park or sportsman park back in the day
You get on the Indiana turnpike
And then you always make a stop at the glass house
Okay
So George Streepie sent us this was much earlier that we were involved with this whole business about
Bubba and MJ
Do we care about this? I guess so kill some good time
Since they seem to be out of emails of material. Let me just check. Maybe I'm wrong
There is Farrah she won our poll yesterday by hands down your pants. Who's gonna be dead next battles cancer and the tabloids
Farrah faucet for initially did nothing to stop it
UCLA eventually did investigate and found one of its employees had been looking at patients records
But the hospital would not reveal the name to faucet's lawyers
She said we ever responsibility to protect our employees and I said more than your patients
The interview with the Los Angeles Times was recorded last August but held until now
Times to the release of her new documentary in the interview faucet says cancer becomes your life
It's all consuming then your quality of life is never the same. So what do you think about that rumor that joebells getting smitten can
I don't know wouldn't that kind of like tie in with both the way this whole thing is going down with you. I don't know and with me
Getting in some parting shots remember on the old Hollywood squares. They had parting gifts mm-hmm Peter Marshall
Well, we got parting gifts for which means that you lost and we're gonna give you like 20 bucks worth of crap
Maybe these are some of his parting shots
Could be
Not not related to dr. Fred shots
I would have he still hopping around with that you know, he's probably I know what I was your buddy that you mentioned before the
Dow's down 29 points
And Ferris on the way out
Was that movie was she in the burning bed or do I confuse it was she wasn't the burning bed
And it was hot so she had to jump out really no was there that's the one where she stuffed the guy in the fireplace in the end
I think that was a different one. I'm not sure. What's it?
They really creepy guy to look at the she's sprayed she's sprayed him with the bug spray right?
The flea spray
So how's flea taking all this how's he doing today fine?
He come by and giving you a big kiss if he gives you a kiss on the cheek I'd be I'd run like a son. He kisses me on the mouth
As usual little tongue maybe
Where's that going?
What's she doing with that machine guy?
He was fed up with reading one story after another of our drugs and violence
Now she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in
Starring and vision
I'll see you tonight at 5 611
God
She's the news into her own hands. What are you going to do with me when I get through with you
There won't be enough of you left to make a good two-kate for Don No
Starring and vision also starring Carl Witherz is to wipe Lutterdale and Don not says Don No
There's a stationary one over the midwest and
She
All it seems though I've offended Jimmy syphilis with my comments about his former co-worker
Anbo
Digit down he said since man he's been banned from listening to your show in the building
I'm forced to monitor your show myself
When you just said about my late friend Anne was revolting how can you say such horrible things you disgusting creature because that were true
Forget going through Harvey green if wqm doesn't do something about you. I will walk
If I go Jim and Joe will follow
Oh, I know for a fact that Ken would hire them and CC would get the contract
Jimmy syphilis is threatening to walk out dolphin fans celebrate everybody in dolphin ladies
Dancing for joy
Jimmy syphilis my ass
Wally is that where you have it now now this this is pathetic
This is so sad. I'm embarrassed to be an atheist
Remember this guy told you present of the Florida atheists and secular humanists. Yeah, yeah
I know I've got his thing in my pile a couple of stories down and I was gonna get to it today order mar for sure
But because I haven't gotten right to it here again
No, I don't really care about hearing my name on here
I've seen you the first email in hopes you could help the local free thought community and second to alert you in our local government using tax dollars for prayer
I actually thought it was a worth of discussion sorry to have wasted your time
Not
Not subject not meant for air while it's on the year because I'm embarrassed and humiliated for you
And just like I said before if I didn't get to it right away
How do you like that? Yeah
This is what I've always said and that is that the atheist community has always been represented other than and giggle
Rappin Madison, Wisconsin
What's the name of the group?
Freedom from religion thought religion whatever
I mean Madeline O'Hare who I used to have on a year a zillion times back in the day when I had boring guests
I mean she was you know she was a pimp
But she had no credibility because she just I don't know there was just something about her besides being fat and grotesque
Oh, there you go again now first picking on ad bishop and now Madeline O'Hare
Rest in pieces. Oh, I'm sorry. That's bad
You see and that's me heartless and cruel and nasty
Well, I'll get to that thing about the atheist or maybe I won't I don't know I was gonna
Nothing worse than a crybaby in a dolphin wax like a child. Oh, sorry to have wasted your time
That that to me is just pathetic
Aren't you embarrassed and humiliated and just just just to be a member of the subhuman race a little bit
God
We want it on right now and these people had like a bunch of kids kids banging their spoon on the on the thing
What do you call that thing on the high chair? Yes
Little kids of I want mine. I want mine. Yeah. Yeah. I want my cigarette's misratch it like that
Not meant for rare
Yeah, it was interesting. Okay, and I'll get to it when it was appropriate when I got time
We got four hours here five days a week Monday through Friday
In fact, I even I even reprinted this old story from July 8th is Florida governor Charlie Christ gay even after straight winning
Not that I need to convince anybody because anybody who knows the you know any all the queens know
Takes one to know one
Right Jimmy you're fairy anyway
So Jimmy syphilis is gonna get me out. He's gonna talk to Harvey green
Yep, maybe that's what your problem is maybe Jimmy syphilis is trying to get you fired. I never met the man
Didn't yeah, nope. He's holding great great white. I've heard that here
What well you are too though. Yeah, maybe you could rub your uh gray and white here together. Okay
Maybe something would rub off on him
Your broadcast Jimmy. I mean on a scale of zero minus minus infinity the worst
The phone lines are radio station 102.5 the bone
lit up this morning as jack bubbled love sponge clam bass travel radio host Todd smitt of
At WFLZ's mj morning show
I mean how can you have two
Shows in the same market and use a different name
People are stupid
Shnid is suing claim claiming his competitor made all types of offensive statements on ear about him and his wife Michelle
The radio personality is compete for listeners during the same time period Monday through Friday between the hours of six and ten a.m
Bubba loves fun spoke about the civil law suit filed against him from his same Petersburg home yesterday last night
I didn't say anything to Famitorious line of us like he made allegations of really bad stuff like um
Something the kids or something I would never go there by touching the kids
This is somebody who got his feelings hurt. That's exactly what he gets on the everyday. He's a public figure
MJ was not available for comment last night. He's out of the country on vacation according to sources
There's a note posted on the website for the radio show that reads the mj morning crew is on vacation from March 17th March 21
We'll return Monday March 24
Well today is March March
Today is May 13th 12th yeah
But the lawsuit speaks for MJ and his wife
In it MJ accuses Bubba calling him a lion piece of crap
And a snitch snitch and one of the top four five people behind our arrest and trial of the hog deal
MJ accuses Bubba calling his wife Michelle a degrading name
Michelle Schmidt does not appear on the MJ morning show or she does appear from time to time which is in WFZ
LZ which is a cheap channel communication station
So this is Cox broadcasting versus cheap channel
Rebecca Harrison steel is the director of the ACLU steel represents the West Central Florida regional office and says
Someone who's a public figure in order to find the defendant guilty of libel
They have to show that they acted with reckless and indifference to the truth or with actual knowledge of that what they were saying was false
Steel says some speech is protected by the first amendment statements of opinion not slanderous
She says but shock jock is one thing
But if you actually make the famitory statements about someone that are true and do injure the reputation in a serious way that to me crosses over the line of first amendment
Bubba loves bunches no stranger to controversy was fired by cheap channel in February 2004 at the time
He drew the largest single in decency find an FCC history for airing skits were cartoon characters talked about sex and drugs
Back in January of the series promised to clean up exactly return to the airwaves in Tampa and Jacksonville
He signed a three-year contract with Cox radio and can be heard on the on the bone in Tampa one of two point five
Bubba's on the bone
Sounds like MJ's on the rag and Bubba's on the bone
The tension may have started the day Bubba return to the air in a studio computer screen displayed the phrase MJ sucks
Bubba told Tampa's 10 news back then all of Tampa radio sucks
There's nothing out there. We're number one for eight or nine years even cleaned up and use their friendly will be better than anything else
It's on it's horrible kind of like stop Florida radio. It's horrible
Monday night he reiterated that statement the truth hurt doesn't it the bottom line is arbitrawn can just
Something out and I was already number one. It's chopped off in the right hand column
I went to number one and two and a half weeks are they're gonna try to tell me Tampa Bay wasn't hurting for something new asked Bubba
Bubba loves punts says if you don't want me to talk about you then take yourself off the air let this play out in court
Let me have my day in court. I can't wait for the deposition to start let the games begin
I swear to God. He says of course we know who he's talking about
Dale God right
He gets on the everyday meaning MJ
He's a public figure it's okay from the book billboards of OG and Britney Spears up and this whole show is based on TMZ
Unfortunately, he doesn't understand is that he and his wife are public figures
I can call them names and be outlandish and be Bubba the lowest fun to be the people's hammer and say like oh like it is
All I want he's the people's hammer the people's umper
He's the people's hammer that was funny Bubba says it's true. He does make fun of MJ's physical attributes being short being a midget
Look you can you guys call me fat
He can do all that but the bottom line is little MJ's feelings are heard so now I'm gonna sue sue sue
Tie up the system type the taxpayers dollars type the court system
The civil suit doesn't spell out exactly how much money and damages MJ and Michelle are suing for but nevertheless
They're asking for a jury trial to settle a matter
How do you like that a cop to Tom's between MJ Todd Schmidtmeister and Bubba love sport
Sounds like a bunch of crap to me, doesn't it? Yeah sounds like shit. It's a big cry baby
Sounds like Schmidt said while screw him. Yeah, a rush wannabe. I wonder if he pops a few luxe's knowing in
To dead in the pain from the fact that Bubba's picking on him a poor MJ Bubba's picking on me
Oh look at this found these on the web since Scott and Pinellas Park from what I read the buildings haven't changed
The hearties travel Plaza is uh in in how holy moly. I'm going back to how Indiana. It's a hearties on the glass house
Let's have glass. No, it's down the glass house
You know this this whole nostalgia thing a lot of people poop who it but you know something
What the older I get the more I realize the truth to it back in the day things think there was so much more variety and so many
I mean all the stuff is now gone
right
The glass house
With a big hearties. I love hearties. Don't you like hearties a lot very much that mushroom cheese not not those biscuits now
Biscuits and gravy that biscuits for rednecks
Dry and nasty. Oh biscuits with gravy
You know what I like gravy on best
mashed potatoes that's right with the scale like a Thanksgiving when people put am I talking over you or what no
I'm talking over you. No go ahead
Go ahead and thanks giving Christmas like when people eat turkey dinners a lot yeah and people put gravy on the stuffing
No stuffing should be a little bit moist by itself and don't don't mess the gravy on the stuffing put it on the turkey because turkey is dry
Put it on the mashed taters
In fact a little bit of butter and a lot of gravy on the mashed taters is the way I like or a lot of butter
A lot of butter and a lot of gravy now we're talking
So let me ask you to Joe come in and give you a big squeeze today or what yeah
Grab my junior honey
What good
What good
What good
Oi
Hey
I need a little
Just give it a little
Little
All my potato pancakes a little
Like this dish is delicious my mother cook to their dishes coming right off the stove hot
This theme top of the double sauce that I've seen and I'm I'm eating
Please believe it won't die just I am
Pre-feeding check it out luck is a top with four
Seasonings but the test it out I'm in the garden. I'm feeding they're all eating everyone is
Grieving I'm feeding I need you to get up up back to the store buy us some more potatoes
Cuz I feel like Boston most and I feel like touching juice
You can nobody stop you so baby tell me what's the use so I pay I'm eating
What's good here I got it on my clothes I am eating lunch
I'm gonna take my clothes off. I'm eating what you see it. So take off all your clothes
I am eating lunch I'm gonna take my clothes off
With a little bit of good
In the sprinkle of a hood come on say it with a little bit of good
In the sprinkle of the hood
With a little bit of good
In the sprinkle of a hood
More logical in a little bit of
I
Is the business we've chosen
Okay 147 I just reminded me of that when I was listening to that locker thing I'm in raw
Yeah, don't you just love potato lockers? I like them a lot good ones right especially the ones like corkies
Used to bring in when they bring in a bird to a task at a tisca we used to love their brisket right and a little potato pancakes too
Oh, god apple sauce
With apple sauce or sour cream yeah, they brought both or both you didn't have to choose that's right you could dip them in both
Dip them in dunk them and eat them
Dip them and lick them
And the potato pancakes too. Oh god. There's nothing like Jew food you know what right I guess that's because I'm I'm Jew you know
I guess everybody is like into their own particular ethnic you know like like humans would say Cuban food is the best
And Portuguese would say Portuguese Dutch would say Dutch food is the best if there was such a thing besides that horrible pea soup
What was that thing we had yesterday about the Netherlands and about how I'm responsible for what whatever that was all about that was
Bizarre oh about the amuzzle them remember that right and I'm responsible for the being stupid damn many Muslims in my generation did this oh
God
So many crazy people out there
Crazy people
So we got through another day and you're still here that's good
One day at a time yeah, well, you know when I come in in the morning now I sit here because I generally come in a few minutes before you do
And I shut off the audio from city pulse 24 are swimmable so in other words 86 or 80 per city pulse 24 and
And I wait and I there's and sometimes this audio coming back at me back at you
With Joe Rose and stormy or whatever else he's got on or
The chronic guests or sometimes it just this sounds a silence
And I'm waiting to hear hello
Hello
What no, and I'm hoping it's your voice like this morning. Yeah, I mean
I was pretty sure it would be because of something what happened you the text to be right away
wouldn't you right
Well, just be sure that if something if something goes down that I know about it. I will tell you so I can hire a hitman or something like that
Jocomo says hello. I'm a transplanted fluridian living near Chicago originally from New York
frustrated arrangins fan and frustrated panthers fan
We love the panthers. They never win
God hooked on the hawks a few years ago and last night's game made me cry tears of joy
They seem to be getting better as the postseason progresses
Patrick canes last two goals were beautiful not as beautiful as him though good god
It says I could kiss him in the on the lips if I was so inclined
Hope we do as well against Detroit. Go hawks has jack well good luck against Detroit for their awesome their tough
I hate them like poison, but the go hawks even George is rooting for the hawks
Aren't you oh? Yeah, come on now big time hop on the bandwagon
If they were ugly, I wouldn't really care. I wouldn't have any team. I'd be rooting for but they're not
Oh, here's one about and syphilitis
I'm sure that Jimmy's syphilis who emails you as fake is the rest of this other
Rear portals
Neil in fact, I'm sure they're all the same guy sure probably that bozo in Orlando since there are plenty of references to that place
Which none of us curious about down here, but that's not what I'm writing it says
I used to watch the dolphins games with the radio on even those dark days with zoom far in his pan flute
The local answers were preferable with the network guys no more syphilis is an awful play by play man
I'm not a broadcaster, but he has no idea how to modulate his voice
He screws up calls and having two other jocks in the booth makes it and even bigger mess
Joe Roser managed to be all right mad dog preferably, but both what a cluster flick
Anyway, keep hammering away at syphilis. He's a pompous jackass. He's way over his head on the ear
Take care and good luck to George with Norma writing a letter that he put the right postage on it probably not
Oh, that's right. I forgot to send him the postage
You think Norma can handle it
Handle what the cost of the post it wasn't it wasn't they snail mail it was an email. Oh
God, I mean even Norma's up to that. Oh
Here you go jimmy syphilis says what do you know about broadcast and you sucked it play by playing those hurricane games
Bob greasy city hated working with you and thought Jay was a lot better
Joe belt can't stand you and ensures me Harvey and you
Shures me and Harvey you will be taking care of yeah, I keep keep dreaming Jimmy. I was terrible on those um games
You
The fake Jim de fetus is I like girls, but where's mirro shitan?
Yeah, I like mirro shitan just fine, but he ain't no Patrick can't I'll tell you that right now
But then again who is a Patrick? Hmm
Well, I'd sure chase him around for no fart
Here's one for me. It says hello from a new fairly a fairly new listener
I thought it said from a new fairy listener. I was gonna play you fair, but I won't
Leo I've been listening to your show periodically last three years
I want to thank you for keeping your show fast paced unorganized and full of humor keep handling
Biden business and keep burping up the bacon on the ear keep
handling business
A lot of monkey business going on you know what?
So George is still with us. I guarantee you I think he'll be here tomorrow morning when I sit down and Jimmy syphilis
I got a message for you you suck you stink
Even the stench of ambitious dead rotting body doesn't smell as stink as bad as you Jimmy
Your work is pathetic and petrid and I'm sure that the two x-jocks are working the booth with you Jim and Joe who I like a lot
I'm sure they're well aware of it of your shortcomings
Good luck in your new endeavors Jimmy
You
Hey baggy
Do you not talk with your mouth full you make me sick I'm gonna throw up
I
Well, I got the feedback in what is that in your mouth?
Oh, certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth
What is your ever just keep your big mouth shut
I can't keep my mouth shut because I've got such a big mouth
The next thing I remember is having my knees in my ears
Yes
I just don't have a good feeling about this
I
It's hard to stop me. Keep it like
How about I sit on your kinky face for a while while you think about that
Take a little
Shake him under that
Make him do a flip that's really easy
Take a little dip shake him under that make him do a flip that's really easy
Hey, oh my god
