The music expressed on the previous part of the show.
We had a bulletin for you, Josh Portis is the moron.
And you're not referring to the music broadcast script.
Idiot!
Black or...
You fall.
The biggest name.
Hendrix.
This talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560W.
I saw you at the U.A.
Yeah, I saw you at the U.A.
I'm a 490.
560W.
I'm a 490.
I'm a 690.
I'm a 690.
I'm a 690.
I'm George, a 390.
He's back again.
No George, he's of impolite.
He's this again.
Call toll free.
877785 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T.
And Verizon wireless flashers this week.
The opinions expressed by Neil.
His guests or his collars do not represent those of WQAM.
Staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger show.
On 560WQAM.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit.
You're fair.
Who got wrong not much different like a typical Neil Compton.
It's up to Larry.
We all thank you.
For giving writers something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go by.
Larry cracked thank you for tapping your shoe.
New stories last a few days.
But you refused to go away.
Republicans are blind already day.
Hey, hey.
They talk to Larry.
We're with Cheetah Bob.
We all invite you to Ilah Fah.
The Neil Compton.
Two and a certain go.
Larry taking no crap when he's tapping his shoe.
Gay, gay, gay.
I never have been gay.
Gay, gay, gay.
I never have been gay.
He talks to Larry.
He wants to stay.
But his own party wants him to go away.
The religious right heart wants him to stay.
Larry crack his legs for you.
Rack them.
He wants a man to scream.
You're fair.
And any guy will do.
All right.
10-0-2 at 5-60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to end.
Oh, George, he's out sticking in today.
Yep.
This reminds me of the Wally Piff and Lou Gehrig.
Loan me your glove.
Reminds me of that.
Okay.
Wasn't it his name?
Wally Piff.
I think so.
There was Barney Piff was on WCFL in Chicago long time ago.
DJ.
Kind of like from the jewelry rental school of humor.
But nevertheless, so Josh Cordis is an idiot.
I think Brandon was right about that a long time ago.
Oh, there he goes with Brandon again.
Brandon is in Brandon.
Yeah, that's right.
Cordis is just a slacker.
That's all.
He's just a party guy.
He doesn't want to grow up.
So he's over there in Tampa with the whole entourage,
screwing around.
And there's no stories on our website today.
I sent him 22.
I counted him on the outbox.
22.
And how many of him got up there?
Oh, no.
Zero.
Nice going, Cordis.
Over in Tampa.
Perfect place for him, I think.
What is it about that place?
I mean, you worked there.
What is it that makes it what it is?
Well, you've got the water and you've got friendly.
Oh, you've got the water.
Nice weather.
Oh, get out of here.
What's with all?
Because what when I worked in Sarasota,
the one thing we discovered is that like on the east coast of Florida,
the people from the east coast of the US,
Boston, New York, Philly, they moved to the east coast of Florida.
Right.
People from the Midwest, more of them moved to the west coast of Florida.
True.
Come right down 75.
Like Chicago.
And Chicago isn't a bunch of red necks in Orange Hair Geeks.
Chicago is a real cosmopolitan, great city with living and breathing people,
beautiful people.
It's a great city with great food and stuff.
Oh, yeah.
So where all of them red necks come from?
They were born there.
They were born there?
Yeah.
That's my excuse.
I was born in Tampa.
Oh, God.
Temple Terrace, Loots, Clearwater, Loots.
Clearwater is nice.
It is?
Yeah.
Nice beaches.
Yeah.
St. Petersburg.
St. Pete, where the average, it may say Augustine looked like a bunch of teenagers.
That's how old they are on St. Pete.
It's actually changed a lot though.
Oh, but it's like downtown is blown up.
They put restaurants and bars and stuff.
It's actually gotten a lot better, but it used to be.
I'll take your word for it.
It used to be a graveyard.
I mean, Tampa, it's one of the most bizarre things that people have orange and purple hair.
They're like cartoon characters.
They're like inbred.
They're like the products of centuries of inbreeding.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Driving up and down Dale Maibri in Tampa, that's a real treat.
And looking at the people to your left and to your right and in front of you and you're behind,
and you look around and think, oh my God, I must be in the hills of Tennessee somewhere.
Well, Dale Maibri is pretty bad.
Well, what does that mean?
It's one of the main streets in the city.
What do you mean it's pretty bad?
But it's an ugly street.
It's like 441 here.
Yeah, it's ugly.
But there's nice and large.
I'm not talking about what the street looks like.
I'm talking about the people.
The people.
And strangely enough, Tampa's got so many great restaurants.
That's what I don't understand.
It's just, it's, uh, and even the fast food joints, crystal and steak and shake,
they had a long way before we ever had that.
Just something really strange.
They also have a Perkins pancake house on Dale Maibri, too.
Oh, yeah.
You know the one I'm talking about?
I do.
It's right by a crystal.
There's also a very well-known crystal right there.
And it used to be shaky's up the street too.
Shakey's pizza.
Shakey's was awesome.
Oh, didn't tell you.
So you actually know shaky's.
Oh, yeah.
Shakey's was fantastic.
It was a little bit too good, I guess.
Now I see that pizza hut is pretty good.
It's peddling pasta.
Have you seen those spots?
Yeah, this commercial's driving me crazy.
Oh my God.
And they're allegedly talking to people in Italy.
And they're, uh, the chef took the night off and they're having the food delivered from pizza hut.
I mean, oh, the concept, it's not bad enough.
We got Mickey D's in Rome, but the concept of pizza hut in Italy is just, I'm sorry.
Having been in Italy about a zillion times and just loving the food there.
It just makes me, well, it's so freaking American, you know.
One thing about Americans, when they travel, most of them are really, really stupid and embarrassing.
Oh, I'll have the spaghetti and meatballs.
I'll have the pizza with papi runny.
Yeah, sure you will.
But nevertheless, don't start on a negative note just because Josh Cord has screwed up the website.
What is his story?
Is he just not interested in work? Is that the deal?
Pretty much.
He's just a party guy.
Let me, let me look on there and see if anything is happening with that.
Because I also sent Eric an email saying, oh, no, nothing's happening on there.
No, there's nothing posted.
There is nothing.
Well, what's the point?
What is the point?
Are we just going through the motions here? Is that it?
Yes.
We're just going, welcome to QA and where we're just going through the motions.
Yes.
We put the motion in your casket.
Yes.
God.
And the problem is that there's nobody in charge who's going to say to him, hey, you know what?
Screw you.
I mean, I just don't get it.
He goes to fat Chris Whalen to Tubby and turns the stories over to him.
But that's not going to start until March and they're making all these backdoor deals behind my back, which I don't even know who the hell to.
I'm not sending any check to Cord is again ever.
Why March?
Why?
Yeah.
Why don't chickens pee?
You're asking me why March?
Because they decided to, I have no idea.
Chickens don't pee.
No, chickens do not pee.
Wow.
They do it all.
They do one and two altogether.
That's nice.
All right.
It is.
Wouldn't it wouldn't it be wonderful if we could do that?
Let me say it again.
If you believe there's a God, just stop and think about asing inducing, especially doosing.
And you think there's a God that aroma you walk into a public restroom and you're just like, oh my God, it smells like a crap in here.
What do you expect it to smell like?
Anyway, let's take a look at the yesterday's poll.
Get off the Josh Cord is thing because he's, he's sleeping.
You're right.
He's over there in Tampa.
They were partying it up last night.
They were mom's weaness and all those other joints waxing their knobs.
And now he's sleeping.
And you're sending even text messages and still got no response.
I'm sure, right?
Nothing.
Yeah.
There is nothing, there, well, I won't say nothing, but there are a few things more annoying to me than sending text messages and not getting reply.
Really annoying.
Paco.
But nevertheless, some people, you know, party all night and sleep all day.
And so when they get around to it, then maybe they'll respond and maybe not.
Okay, we had an interim poll up there.
Who is the strangest looking person?
I didn't like the poll.
552 votes.
I think that was a Sean and Sean from Hollywood.
And I think that there's some dead people on here too.
Obviously there are because Tammy Faye won and she's still dead.
I bet that he's dead people don't look too good now.
They look pretty strange.
Strangest looking person.
Tammy Faye Baker 75, Marilyn Manson 67, James Carville 56, Ballton of Geek, Steve Buschimi 47, Phil Spector 46.
Dead.
No.
Oh, Ronnie Spector's dead, right?
Yeah.
Vincent Chiavelli, most famous as the subway ghost 43.
I still know who that is.
Verentroyer 30.
Verentroyer.
But third man.
Gilbert 29.
We got my vote.
Howard Spurm 23, Kim Jong Il 20.
If you're winner 20, Mick Jagger 11, Dr. Joshua Purper 10.
And by the way, do you like Dr. Pepper?
Yes, I do.
Well, thank God.
George is out, I think.
He's crazy.
George was giving me crap about that the other day.
Monday.
That's why the Lord smoked him and made him sick as a dog.
Doesn't like Dr. Pepper.
I'm drinking Dr. Pepper right now as a matter of fact.
Just like I'm going on strike.
Just as a protest to George.
It's actually my favorite of the sodas.
It is?
Yep.
How about RC Cola?
Did they make that anymore?
I don't know, but certainly having lived in Tampa, you must have had RC.
It's for Rednecks.
Tons of it.
RC Cola and Vc Powder.
I was going to say Vc Powder.
That's definitely a Redneck thing.
I used to take that all the time.
Linda Hunt 9, High Pitched Eric 9.
I don't know who that is.
8-Vagoda 9, Andy Warhol 8, Truman Capote 7, Joy Ramon 7, Boris Karloff 5.
Luis Guzman 5.
Daryl Strawberry 4.
David Boy 4.
Tom Petty 4.
Steve O. 3.
Patty Smith 1.
And Petty Davis didn't get any.
The strangest looking person.
How come Tiny Tim was not on this list if we have dead people?
Huh?
Yeah, he said it.
How about Sean from Hollywood?
How about Tiny Tim on this list?
Talk about strange, weird, bizarre, dead.
Here's the current poll.
Who should be the host on 560 WDQM from 2-4 PM?
George Rodriguez 26, Suds Coleman 20.
Captain Curtis, Curtis Stevenson 12.
Please got 9.
You're in the running.
Although trailing.
Yeah.
Mohawar David 9.
We already tried that.
Big O, 6.
He's in there.
In fact, he'll be in there today from the Super Bowl 2-4.
Mad Dog gets a Super Bowl 4-7.
Hurricane Hotline 7-9.
Dolphin 9-9-10.
The A. Show 10-1 midnight.
With its fantastic cheer.
Oh!
Steve Geltie-Gelstein, we tried that 2-5.
Adam Cooperstein 3 and Jesse Agvaz only got 3.
Now, I don't understand that because Jesse is an excellent broadcaster.
Yep.
Oh, Anita Marx.
Please add Anita Marx to the poll.
Sign Anita Marx.
Screw you.
I need to get lost.
Take a hike.
We don't want any part of you.
We've smelled your kind before, honey.
Win says the streaming seems to be down.
I need both of you.
I tried both of your sights and QMs.
I never had a problem in the past.
Well, guess what?
Nobody else says the streaming is down.
Let me take a look.
Now, it's up to the green lights around.
Win, you've got a real problem, baby.
You've got technical issues.
The streaming is down.
No, it's not.
What is with these people anyway?
Waa, waa, waa, waa, waa.
That poll we had about nightmares the other day.
I think I'm going to start having that nightmare.
Just in my sleep, I'm going to be hearing somebody is in the corner of the room going, waa, waa, waa.
Like that.
Somebody's in the broom closet going, waa, waa.
Oh, now I don't have a broom closet.
I have closets.
Oh, I got serous.
What are we going to do about those stories?
And about Josh Cordison?
Do we know where he's staying?
He's staying with some friends in Tampa.
Oh, well, that's all the more reason.
They're probably just stoned off their ass, lying on the floor,
passed out to at least three for this afternoon.
And so we have no stories on the website.
This is the kind of dependability and reliability we have from a jackass like him.
He's a moron.
Where's my check?
Where's my check?
Screw you.
Cordis, you idiot.
1013, a QA.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Well, from the hot bar on M.A.C.M.B.C.
I'm Chris Maddews.
I've got to be honest with you.
I feel like a little fluffy white cat.
And he was just being given a warm ball of milk.
I feel like a completely different person since we have a new president in Barack Obama.
It's just like I've had show ghost whisperer with Jennifer Love You and the play psychic,
maybe Melinda Gordon, which he looks at Sam.
She sees that that husband Jim's face, because when he died he jumped in the same body.
I draw the parallel because when people look at me they see me, Chris Maddews,
from the hot bar on M.A.C.M.B.C.
But when I look in the mirror, I see a little girl in a pink rumper,
my hair and pig tails, licking a lollipop, like a doofens and conference.
I feel like Rose from Tony Half-Man, you know, Charlie Stonker, girlfriend.
I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive.
But it matters not, people say to me, hey, Chris,
what about the fact that the downpunch to its lowest level of unregulation day history?
So what, people say to me, hey, Chris, I can repossibly create four million new jobs
under the Obama administration.
I say he can, he's a candy man.
He can take a rainbow, wrap it in his side,
soak it in the sun and make it grubby, let me pie.
I feel like a cherry pop type that's been big,
golden brown, the perfection and the toaster oven.
And he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed.
I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpets.
It's a new day.
Same old crappy economy, war is horrible, real estate market,
endless despair and divisiveness.
But now we have a president who can take tomorrow.
Divided in a dream, separate the sorrow and collect the ball of cream,
Obama can, Obama can.
He's a candy man.
I push Matt, he's playing high ball, I'm a semper state.
We can take a sunrise,
fucking take a sunrise,
and then sprinkle it with dough, and buy my cans.
He covers it with chocolate and a miracle, too.
You know what?
He's a candy man.
Yes, he can.
The candy man can.
It's a 1018 at 560 WQM.
There's another guy who's talking about muzzle, wow.
Oh, you don't like anybody near, but, yeah, that's right.
I hate everybody.
I hate the whole universe.
Matt.
Matt.
We like flea, though.
He's just fine on our show.
In fact, George may never come back.
Isn't that what you have up your sleeve?
I just want it three foods, so.
You have the icy sleeve.
Oh, that's right.
We got e-courseini coming in with free food,
and of course, they're on our two-for-one meal deal.
Or 50% off deal at the noon.
I think Cortis Altaket is asked,
what is it that he does?
It is the web guy.
The web guy in my ass.
That is the worst frickin' website.
I've ever seen in my life.
I mean, ours could use some work, too.
But that one is just kaka.
The QAM website.
Oh, and speaking of that, what are we going to do?
Some promotion on this.
Pick the ponies thing.
It's coming up tomorrow on a show with Gulfstream.
Yeah, we should talk about that.
And you can go to wqm.com and in the somewhere
on the right-hand side, you'll find out on the word it is.
Pick the ponies.
And you click on there and you enter.
And if Cortis picks your name, well,
how's he going to pick a name when he's not even here this week?
I think he can do it from there.
Oh, come on.
He can do nothing.
He's passed out, plastered, stoned.
He's probably semi-comatosely in the floor
in the corner of a room somewhere.
And he's going to be involved.
He won't even put the stories up.
And he's going to be involved in our picked the pony.
He can't even pick his nose at this point.
Maybe if he's lucky, he can pick his ass.
Or his buddy's ass.
Whatever he's doing over there.
Oh, it's party time.
Party time.
There are some people in this world.
Life is just an ongoing party that never ends.
And I hate to break the news to you,
but if you're going to survive, especially during these brutally tough economic times,
a little bit of work can't hurt Cortis.
You jackass.
I say fire is ass.
You can find anybody who can take over the website.
Right?
Oh, I'm sure.
I mean, everybody in their brother is webbub.
They're all computer geniuses now.
And like I said, with the economy, the way it is,
and everybody looking for a job, I bet you there's somebody who'd love to have that job
and actually get a paycheck.
Makes the deal behind the scenes with the fact Chris that he's going to take over there.
Oh, you don't want to do it anymore.
Because I guess I haven't said him enough checks.
Oh, I need a grand.
They sent me the check now.
It's about time.
Yes, screw you.
Screw you.
You loser.
In fact, Brandon is back.
I knew he would be with the Cortist talk.
Brandon this and Brandon that and what happened to the new Roger show?
Where's Neil?
Where's the old Neil?
I'm old.
He says, I won't send the barrage of email I sent yesterday.
I did that to spite that emailer.
Yeah, I'm sure.
For two years, I've been saying Cortis is a worthless human being.
He's one of the big reasons there are problems in this world.
That's right.
Him getting a really vicious STD from checking up with all the horrors he won't take home to mom would be too nice for him.
Yeah, maybe that's what he's got.
Maybe he's got like syphilis and he's like riding in pain in the corner holding his groin.
Brandon says, Dr. Pepper's a great soda.
I don't know what the hell is wrong with George.
Bad taste.
And yes, they do make our C and I buy it once in a while.
It's for pizza hot pizza pasta, whatever.
It's the worst ever.
There's more grease than food in the box or the pizza nine times out of 10 is undercooked and soggy.
Stick with mom and pop pizza places you can never go wrong.
Oh boy.
And I don't know if Eric can put them up there or what the deal is going to be with those because I never got any reply.
Is Eric in his little box?
You don't you pay any attention that I don't pay attention to that.
Eric says that some people have a problem hearing the stream.
It's because beastly interactive asked me to change the length of something that would show one of their ads and bring up the player in the browser.
I agree to do it only for uses of Internet Explorer, which is the only browser it seems to work on.
Oh God.
Beasley interactive asked me to change the length of something which one of their ads get off of our website for crying out loud.
Beasley.
Jesus God.
These are the same people that don't want to like have a link on the QM site to ours because it was two pornographic once upon a time.
And as a result,
who's this from?
I know you're going to rip me for this, but as much as I think George or Flea would be great for their own show,
I think beast doing an on sports show would fill the two to four slot.
Licely no.
Beast is very entertaining when I'm talking about sniffing jocks.
Die, Josh.
Cortis.
We hate you.
It says wow.
Yeah.
Beast beast is not entertaining.
Beast is not belong on the air, but never let he probably said it.
Like the great Leonard Skinner says, I hope Neil Rogers remember a Southern man don't need him around anyhow.
Bubba shows is our kind of show.
Oh, yeah, from the chronic from lutes.
Bubba shows is our kind of show.
I'm sure that it is for red next for sure red next in Yahoo's.
Hulk Hogan and NASCAR.
Yeah.
Oh, he talks NASCAR too.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
And here I was thinking about promoting a show because he won't hurt us, but he might hurt Ron and old Paul.
Ron, in fact, probably cast an over sitting about half of these fake emails.
And old Ron has blown up and he got real fat.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
What do you mean had blown up?
Well, he has blown up.
He's big now.
Bigger than huh?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, in other words, a real tub.
Yep.
Holy moly must be all the stress.
The fake Adam Kirschner over at WIOD who must be Manny Muno says, I hope you have flea on the air again today.
He had something to the show.
You haven't had a co-host who could talk radio since the bird.
If WQM doesn't want to use him on the air, we can use him on Jimmy's show.
Yeah, likely story.
Yeah, don't you want to go over work with Jimmy's syphilidic?
I'd rather have like a hot poker stuck in my eye.
Really stuck in your breakfast.
Like Robbie Benson told the basketball coach in one-on-one.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Take a red hot poker and whatever.
And Kost said, if you like her, Robbie poker.
And I guess he did.
Then he had that heart attack.
You know, whatever happened to Robbie Benson.
He's still alive.
I think he's teaching theater at a college like Wake Forest or something like that.
No, why would you know something as obscure as that?
That's that.
Why would you even admit to knowing such a thing?
Sorry.
That sounds really, really gay.
You know, following the career of Robbie Benson, whose grandpa was the first rabbi ever in the state of Texas.
I mean, little piece of trivia.
Why are we supposed to care about that?
Are we?
No.
Oh.
What?
I just thought it was funny that I knew something.
I got ragged on, but you knew something.
And it's okay.
I didn't know his grandpa there.
Because he was in that movie.
He was in some Jewish movie.
I forget why we're here.
The Yarmul Khan.
I don't remember the name of the movie.
Oh.
And it was pointed out that he was perfect for the role because not only is he Jewish, but his grandpa was the first rabbi ever in the state of Texas.
That seems a little ridiculous, doesn't it?
I mean, it's a long time ago, but even so, how old could the grandpa have been?
They got rabies in the Texas.
140 votes on the poll.
George is leading the way.
Who should do 2 to 4?
George 38, suds 36, flee 17.
You've moved into third place.
Look at that.
You look at it.
Captain Curtis 16.
Mohauer David had 11.
Two hours of...
And an occasional...
Two, two, two, two, two, three.
Mohel 11.
Big O, six, eight.
Geldy 7.
Jesse Agler 4.
And Adam Cooperstein 3.
Which I'm glad you told me who that is because I don't know who he is.
Is he unlike one of the TV stations?
NBC6.
Oh, don't start with that NBC6 crap again.
He's on Channel 6.
He's on Channel 6.
Oh, CBS4, NBC6.
How come nobody ever says ABC10?
Good point.
Did you notice that?
Yeah.
Nobody ever says ABC10.
Since Ann Bishop Croft and they took that idiot, Dwight Lottardale off the air, nobody pays
any attention to them anymore.
Since Walter Cronice had a pawn all his bow ties.
I had a fake email a couple months ago from somebody claiming to be Walter Cronice's neighbor.
I forget how I knew it was fake, but let's see if there's any bedtime stories up there on our website for today.
What are you laughing about?
Because there's no way.
Nothing.
What do you mean there's no way Eric's got a way of doing it or maybe he don't want to deal with it?
Maybe he's sick.
Maybe he's sick and tired of Josh Cronice like the rest of us.
Blackers.
The failure.
This station stands for nothing.
Hey, it's the creepy looking guy with the microphone strapped to his head for everybody's favorite late night infomercial.
That's right.
It's time for another plug for skim wow.
Skim wow is more than just a towel.
Yeah, it's a towel we charge at 25 bucks for.
But seriously, the new and brewed skim wow can do so many things.
It can clean up spills.
It can soak up blood stains when your old lady gets on your last nerve.
And believe me, I know.
And skim wow can also remove grass stains, polish your trailer hitch, cure homosexuality, and clean up your presidential legacy.
Isn't that right George W. Bush?
Oh, yeah, I'd like to scrub away the war and Iraq, the economy, and that torture and we've done it get mowed.
And no problem, but that's going to take a whole case of skim wow.
Mission accomplished.
There you go.
Another satisfied skim wow testament.
And if you order now, we'll throw in a second skim wow, that'll remove him, roising cure cancer.
Take it from the creepy looking guy with the microphone strapped to his head.
If you can't trust me, who can you trust?
All skim wow claims are completely fabricated.
Ever skim wow is made in China, uncovered in toxic lid paint.
Oh, and don't forget those Chinese make really good crap.
1033, now you've seen that right to the Sham wow.
It's so funny.
It's so bad.
It's made in Germany.
You know the Germans make good stuff.
They do.
Erich says, I don't have time to do the stories today, but I'll try to squeeze them in anyway.
Don't listen, Erich.
There's no reason why you shouldn't have to do it.
See what happens.
It's like a domino effect.
Freaking Josh Cordis.
I mean, are we running a business here?
Is this just a playground?
That's what I'd like to know.
I don't want to be like, which boss I'm pretty easy to get along with.
But are we doing a business or is it just whatever people feel like showing up and doing something?
They show up and do something.
I want to check.
I want to check.
Screw you.
You idiot.
Boy, I talk about a turd.
A turd on two legs.
I say fire is ass right now.
Now here's one that could be from the real Josh Cordis, but I'm sure it's not.
It says, I'm so wasted right now.
Get me a check and you get stories old man.
Do you think it's real?
No.
How do you know?
I know.
It says the real Josh Cordis.
Of course, the fact that it says it proves it to me beyond the shadow of a doubt.
Oh yeah, everybody's the real, this one and the real that one.
God, so many people with so much time on their hands.
Now, I'm sure he still passed out.
It's not even close to noon yet.
Chronic Chuck and Chicago says Eric even put instructions on the link for the morons who can't figure out how to make this dream work.
Why the hell do the banjo pickers get to tell you guys what to do with your website?
I didn't know that they did.
I didn't know that they have anything to do with our website and the fact that they're interfering with it is really frosting my fat old ass.
I bet you I know why too.
What?
Because there are some paid spots that run on the Listen Live and they probably weren't running if they were just on your website.
If I had to guess.
What?
You know, some of the commercials that run on the Listen Live stream on the web are paid commercials.
And I'm sure...
You're getting them when they listen just on your website.
So in other words, they're trying to muscle into our website to try to grab a few bucks.
Absolutely correct.
Well, screw that.
And what are we getting out of it?
What's Eric getting out of it?
An out of boy?
They better be paying somebody, Eric, or you to run those ads.
Chuck says you better believe the Beesley clan is getting paid for them.
I'm sure that.
Luckily, I have the pre-ad link saved so I can just start the stream with my media player without contributing a dime to the Beesley clan.
Long live Neil F. the Beesley clan says Chuck in Chicago, who is a little irate.
We're all irate this morning.
We got to deal with the Beesley's.
We got to deal with Cordis, which of course he's involved in that scam.
scam wow.
I mean, then that's his deal, right? Is that website?
Yeah, pretty much.
Let's see, I'm not supposed to use this guy's name this time.
He's chronic, but I won't use his name.
Neil, I work retail, home improvement in Palm Beach County.
We know the recession was here over two years ago, with a drop-off in sales volume and foot traffic has been amazing.
Where we were doing $1 million a week, it was commonplace.
Now it's just started with a 600 grand, where the staff about 150 people changes are coming.
But we don't know what they'll be, but it won't be pretty.
This is a flashback to the late 70s and 80s when each day would bring gloom and doom.
Neil God help us.
Neil withhold my name this time.
Okay, I'll withhold your name.
Neil God help us.
What am I going to do for you?
Wave my band magic wand?
God.
Neil God, please help us.
We're all.
Neil God.
Yeah.
Oh, guess who died?
Billy Powell.
Who?
Leonard Skinnered Keyboard Player.
Florida police say they found Powell that his home after he called for assistance.
The cause of death was unknown.
Authority say he had heart problems.
He was only 56, just a spring chicken.
Billy Powell, the former roadie who became a rock star for his keyboard,
worked with a band Leonard Skinnered died early yesterday morning,
apparently, your heart problems of his home in Orange Park, Florida.
He was 56.
Orange Park, that's like Orlando, right?
Yeah, I think so.
You think so?
I'm not sure.
You were born in Tampa and grew up there and worked there and you don't know the Orlando area?
Why no, it's Orange County.
No kidding.
Wow, this flea man.
You're like a walking in cyclopetia like little George.
Not.
Police received a telephone call at 12.55 a.m. from Powell,
complaining was feeling dizzy and was having a hard time breathing.
I think what he really meant was.
I'm dying out of here.
Orange Park Police Chief James Boivin said by telephone.
I wonder if he's kind of Leo Boivin played for the Boston Bruins 100 years ago.
Don't forget the Canadians, the frogs at the Apanthers tonight.
We don't have a spot for that, so I thought I would mention that.
Oh, wait a minute.
Yeah, we do.
No, we don't.
Yeah, we do.
In fact, we have a Gulf Stream spot that I didn't even see in this break.
Well, I really screwed up bad out in this log today.
Good thing I just looked on there, or not good?
Yep.
Save that spot.
Oh, boy.
Here come the sirens.
Oh, you could hear him this time.
It's amazing.
You can hear in George.
George just does that to a bus my balls.
That's all.
Oh, you're dodging old fold.
You're just hearing things.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever, George.
So, George is sick today.
Was he cuking and dying and whatever?
I didn't talk to him.
He just text me.
Yeah, well, don't believe it.
When somebody sends you a text message and says, oh, I'm out sick today.
Don't believe it.
Just know they're playing hooky.
Now, in my case, although no, I actually did send him just a text message.
Because I want to save my voice for like woodbine.
I just can't believe what I see people doing.
They're just counting on the machines, waving their hands over the glass.
They get a spin on a wheel of fortune.
They stand up and they wave their hands over the wheel.
Like it's going to make a difference.
Oh, the stuff.
Focus, focus, baby.
And especially the people from like China and India.
Especially the women.
Although some guys too.
Focus, focus, guys.
Where is it that all these people get all their money?
These India people.
Well, actually, we should know because we're outsourcing every job in the world of India.
So they got all our money.
Boy, they sure love the plunge their guts out.
I'll tell you that.
People from India and China, they love the gamble.
We could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kiss his butt.
Super Bowl on Sunday might just really be a troch.
1044 at 560 WQAM.
I got the so little interest in that game.
I might not even watch it.
But I got good news for you.
Yes, these stories are up.
I know Eric put them up.
Oh, Josh said he did it.
Oh, Cordis did it.
Yeah, he's awake now.
Jackass.
Well, in fact, I see an email from Eric to Josh saying,
check and see which ones I put in.
I'm going to put it up so we don't duplicate.
There's there's bedtime stories up on our website for those 10 people who read them.
Well, what did he say?
He said in a text to me.
Yes.
Sorry, they're up now.
Sorry, they're up now.
Sorry, doesn't cut it.
Okay, sorry, doesn't mirror to a thousand dollar check, Josh, Cordis.
You jerk.
And he said, I'm just waking up so you know.
Oh, yeah, sure.
11 o'clock in the morning.
Just waking up.
Nice.
Nice.
My God.
Go to Tampa, get plastered stone laid.
Probably in that order.
Not necessarily knowing him.
Anyway, very Jackass who I'm sure is not getting laid.
Do you know very if you ever met him?
I have never.
Oh, my God.
You would, you know, Robert Greeper?
Yes, I do.
He makes Robert Greeper seem like Hercules.
That's very Jackass.
Wow.
The couch potato.
Anyway, it says, I'm in Tampa for the Super Bowl.
Saw Anita Marks on media day.
Did not get a chance to talk to her, but I plan on asking her about the rumors about
her return of the market.
Planning on going to Burns tomorrow night.
She's not returning to the market.
She just signed for another year in Baltimore.
How's she going to return to the market?
Barry.
Hey, Barry.
You fairy.
And it's got a picture here of Anita interviewing some goofball, some media dressed up like,
some stealer fan.
Or maybe it's a player, I don't know, but I doubt it.
Not with the uniform like that.
He's got like a Cresquis uniform on.
Remember Cresquis?
Yes.
Woolworth.
Niseners.
Woolworth.
Wow.
Five in dime boy.
They had those great soda fountains.
See, I always come back to food.
That's me.
That's why I'm fat.
Always thinking about the food.
And you mentioned Burns, too.
So.
Had many a great meal in Burns and boy, what a cheap bastard he was.
That burn laxer.
Cheap, cheap.
Oh, I don't believe in trying to repay one kind of with another, but thank you so much
for all the people you've sent here and pay the bill.
You know, he didn't say pay the bill, but that was the message.
Give me the free grant tonight.
I think I got pneumonia that night in Tampa.
I don't know why.
But I was sick as a dog and burn laxer.
Oh, Mr. Rogers, you've sent so many people in.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, yeah, right.
He's dead.
Nice neighborhood, by the way, Burns.
What is that on Howard Street?
I believe it is.
Yeah.
That neighborhood and that's a long time ago.
I can only imagine what it's like now.
Oh, God, great food though, but not for the faint of heart when it comes to the tab.
No, believe you me.
You pay by the by the ounce.
You pay for your steak by the ounce by how big it is.
There's nothing like paying for your meat by the size.
And then of course they ended that dessert room upstairs, which I that's after my days over there.
It's awesome.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, what exactly is it?
Well, it's great desserts and you can actually get your own little room.
They have glass windows like dividing little rooms and you can play whatever music you want.
They've got a guy playing piano there or you can change it to whatever you want.
They've got nice conyacs, ports.
It's really good.
Sports?
Port wines.
Oh, ports, I think you said sports.
No sports.
Good.
Thank God for that.
The last thing we need is that we're turning a burn steakhouse into a sports bar.
Jesus, God Almighty.
How many more freaking sports bars do we need?
Oh, sorry, Kimba.
What are you laughing about?
Now, it's your buddy Kimba.
It's place is doing really well.
Is it good?
I'm glad.
Maybe it'll get him off the ear.
The Dow's down 101 points.
He sure killing us, man, without the dolphin thing.
Oh, and look at this.
I just got through reading the thing about the guy from a Leonard Skinner to now my dead guy, man.
Vaz sends me sends me the orbit.
I just got through reading it, man.
Brandon is back again.
I thought he was going to be on his best behavior today.
Not sure if anybody ever mentioned this to you, but one of the PSAs that he has for the second hand smoke makes you believe somebody ripped a vicious fart
by having everybody in a spot complaining on who past gasants thinks real bad.
Joyce allows this spot that makes you believe for the first 30 seconds that somebody ripped one and yet you can't even think of them.
No, we can think about them.
We just can't play the sounds of them.
You better get it right, Mr. Orange Park is just west of Jacksonville must be a horrible place.
Oh, God.
That makes sense because the band was from Jacksonville.
Oh, Jay says don't care.
Neils rerun regards Jay.
What does that mean?
Don't care.
Don't care about what?
Add these options to the date.
Oh, I see.
Don't care who's on 2 to 4.
And this is somebody who will not listen.
No matter if we put Jesus in sandals on from 2 to 4, he still wouldn't listen.
No, no, that's not put don't care.
That's like I hate this pool.
That's a cop out like WTF.
What?
Like WTF?
Oh, you can put that on there.
You want to go ahead and put WTF if you want.
Sure. Go ahead.
Who should be the host on 560 from 2 to 4 p.m.
George 51.
Suds Coleman 45.
Captain Curtis Stevenson 22.
Flea, you got 21.
You're a marginal 4th at the moment.
You got 17.
The big goes got 10.
He's doing the show and he's only got 10 votes with his 1-1 share.
Oh, he is just legendary in his own mind.
He's at the Super Bowl, by the way.
Yeldy's got 8.
Jesse Agler 4 and Adam Coopersteen's got 3.
How come Jesse Agler's only got 4?
Probably because nobody ever hears him because he's on 5 in the morning when everybody is schluffing.
When you think?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's good.
No.
Yeah, he's real good.
I tried to listen this morning, but the Cuban interference was so bad there was a rooster crowing over his whole segment.
It was crazy.
It was doing the old concoldoodle, do?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, it's kind of hard to build an audience when nobody can hear the signal.
That is a little bit of a problem.
So Orange Park is by the way.
It's by Jacksonville boy of all the places in Florida where you'd want to live wouldn't it be one of the very last anywhere in your Jacksonville?
Yeah.
Ooh, it's like Hamilton, Ontario, smoked Jackson.
Oh, just filth and schmutz.
When I think of filth and schmutz, I think of Jacksonville.
Okay, you added WTF on it.
That's good for the people just, you know, refused to refuse to butcher up and make a solid choice.
So we finally got the stories on there in court is finally a woke up.
What a jerk.
And look at that.
One of them has got seven reads already.
Make believe, baby.
Make believe radio station.
And that's because we got no management.
We got nobody in charge.
We got nobody to raise the whip.
Much less threatened to actually use it.
I mean, what's going to happen to court is if he just keeps screwing off forever.
There nobody's going to fire his ass.
When's the last time somebody got fired for incompetence?
I'm not talking about people getting blown out for a cost cutting.
When's the last time somebody got sliced out of this joint because they're incompetent and can't do their job?
Can you give me any name?
I can't think of one.
That was done on a hundred and six points.
I mean, there's always come an extra, but that, but you know, he didn't give can.
It's just they didn't renew his deal.
He said, goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Go back across the street.
Did they actually have a higher em over there?
I know he did a couple of shows over there, but I don't think they heard him.
No, I don't think so.
Oh, brother.
Fool me once.
Shame on W, but good God.
Come an extra.
I mean, since you're so tight with Joe Bell, you know, can't you like sit down and look him in the eye and say,
is there something?
Is there something missing in between the ears there?
Is there like something fell out years ago like most of your marbles?
What's the deal?
That's probably not a good career move.
What?
That's probably not a good career move for me.
No.
When you worked for him in Fort Myers, he said not glowing things about you.
He sent me an email yesterday.
And see what I don't understand.
If he's doing any managing, how does he have four hours every day to listen to this show?
He never misses a thing on his show.
How does he have so much time to listen to this show?
I don't know.
If I were General Mangler of a troubled radio station, not to mention kiss and power and the other stuff in the building, how's power to him, by the way?
They still on the air?
Yeah, they do well.
I know they're making money.
I know that.
And don't they like buy the audience like hot does?
Don't think you're like, well, give you a million dollars if you write down that you listen to our station.
The reason Charlie didn't come in on a wedding of Wednesday's poll is because me, Matt, sent it in on Tuesday.
Oh, yeah, Charlie sent me a scathing email really upset.
I'm sure he's pissed off that I'm one for one on poll suggestions.
Stand by.
I'm thinking real hard to go to for two.
Quality over quantity.
Charlie, yeah, Matt.
Matt's competing with Charlie B.
Asked for if he's been to Donatello on Dale Maybell.
The temper red next went nuts today.
They put you on the FM station.
W-Y-N-F.
They go nuts over linen, skinned in Tampa.
And I have been there.
It's great.
Donatello was a sponsor of mine when I was on SUN.
That's a good place.
They love me.
They just absolutely love me.
I don't know why.
It's on Dale Maybell.
You're talking about what a trashy street Dale Maybell is.
Donatello is right there.
One of the Christy on the up.
What?
That's one of the bright spots of Dale Maybell.
You got mom's winus on Dale Maybell, isn't it?
It's it is.
So what are you complaining about?
You got a crystal on there.
You used to have a shaky up the street.
I mean, it seemed how many great streets are there in Tampa?
Not many.
Kennedy?
Be sure to drive is nice.
Yeah.
Yeah, Kennedy is a show on one of those streets.
Isn't there?
Yes.
Hillsboro Avenue or Boulevard?
Yeah.
That's pretty crappy too though.
Yeah.
It's all crappy, baby.
It's all crappy.
Yeah, I've been to Donatello.
We've all been to Donatello.
It's great.
Fabulous.
Like I said, they've got a lot of good restaurants over there.
I have no idea why.
I just can't see them red next sitting down having a really great meal.
And anywhere.
Didn't Jerks board off get fired because he couldn't get the show rights to somebody?
Possibly.
I think so.
Yes, that's true.
That is true.
Somebody totally incompetent.
Finally got fired.
Jerks is bored off.
Here's one from Richard.
Did you listen to Ron Paul on C-SPAN today?
What the hell would I want to hear Ron Paul for?
I don't watch C-SPAN number one.
I can't get it here and wouldn't watch it if I could.
Did you watch Ron Paul today?
I did not.
No.
I mean, isn't the election over with some of you people out there just don't get the message?
The election is over.
Long since over.
We've inaugurated a new president who won in a landslide.
And Ron Paul is like David Paul.
Unbelievable.
Do you ever hear of David Paul?
No.
I'm trying to remember who the hell he was.
I think he was a crime of call on Lanciter show.
Let's not go back to the blob-o thing again today.
That's so depressing.
Let's talk about dead Tampa personality.
So Jack Harris, is he still alive?
I don't know.
No.
He got candid FLAs that recently with all the cuts.
It was that a long time back.
I think that was recently.
Because he was one of those guys that was on for a hundred years.
Probably making way too much money.
The biggest name.
The best house.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is the Neal Roger show.
Rock solid as your brain.
Any questions?
Have you recently been downsized?
But aren't you sure how to get the most out of your new freewheeling lifestyle?
Then subscribe to new Laydoff Magazine.
Laydoff Magazine.
Today in Laydoff Magazine, you'll enjoy monthly features.
Complete national and local TV and cable listings plus monthly articles.
Laydoff Magazine.
So if you've been laid off or you're about to be...
Okay, you want to stop the music, please?
Uh, look.
I'm just not working out.
I'm sorry.
I'll let you go.
All right, you want to pack up and the thing is...
You're gone too.
Okay, thank you.
We're going to no guy, please.
Thank you.
Laydoff Magazine.
Yeah, that's not working either.
What?
I'm sorry. We're going to have to let you go.
Oh, thanks.
Love on 02 at 560, everybody.
QM, happy Thursday, too.
Everybody's at the Super Bowl, baby.
Like I said, I don't think I'm even going to watch it.
I don't like either team at all.
At all.
Hate the Steelers.
And Arizona, to me, leaves me limp.
Do you think Arizona belongs in the Super Bowl?
I would have never guessed that they'd be there.
That's for sure.
I know they wanted to play off games to get there, but that's, uh, I don't know.
Rampant mediocrity.
That's the national foosball league.
It really, I don't know.
Now, what's worse?
People who do trivia or people who are linoclinic and like into fantasy baseball, fantasy hockey, fantasy football.
Oh, God.
I have no life.
That's what they're trying to tell you.
So many people in this world...
I have no life.
...searching desperately for a life.
Karney says, Karney must be one of those people.
Wally Pipp was sick and let Lou Garrett play at the beginning of the Iron Horse's streak.
Most people confuse it and say Pipp was the first baseman who came in for Gary after he played his last game.
I've never heard anybody say that.
The line is Wally loan me your glove.
It's a joke.
I mean, that's allegedly, you know, like Wally gave Gary the glove and never played again.
I've heard numerous people get this wrong.
It's an essential baseball trivia question says Karney.
Oh, my God.
Where is Mike Spindell when we need him with the trivia?
Who?
Mike Spindell.
He used to do a trivia show on KAT and then on INZ and...
He kind of sounded a little bit like...
Gelly.
Mike Spindell.
What would ever happen to him?
Now, yesterday, that email and then the one with a picture from Roger Taylor that I used to work with in Kalamazoo 100 years ago,
that was really a treat because I get so little of that.
Where have all these people vanished to?
I'm not talking about the fake, this one and the fake, that one.
But the real ones, you know, the real Mike Spindell.
The real...
I'm trying to think of some of the other people I worked with who are still alive.
The real Stan Major, well, we already...
We went through that a couple weeks ago.
You come down for some spring training this year, Karney wants to know?
No.
Love the show.
Can you please throw in a few...
I'm your friends for me.
No.
Respectfully, Karney.
Can you please throw in a few...
I'm your friend.
Yeah, if we took some calls, we could throw in a whole bunch of those.
But we probably won't.
Sweet, it's real surly.
By the way, what time is your food coming in?
I'm hoping by noon.
Oh, I'm sure by noon.
You know, this fake Barry Jackass,
I don't care about Bubba and his Super Bowl party or any other crap.
He's a quit waste in my life, wasting my time, Barry.
All this breathless garbage about Bubba's Super Bowl party and Bubba, who cares?
Oh, here's Richard again.
I know the election is over.
Ron Paul was talking about the news events of the day,
the stimulus package, which is a piece of crap.
We're only going deeper and deeper and deeper down the...
Into the downfall of the dollar.
Neil, you really should listen to Dr. Paul campaign for Liberty.com.
Educate yourself.
I'm not interested in Ron Paul, okay?
He's small potatoes.
Dr. Paul.
Oh, one idiot.
Trying to make me into a Ron Paul grouping now.
Oh, I should listen to Dr. Paul.
Yeah, right.
I'd rather listen to Dr. Ruth.
God, can you believe that?
Nope.
Ron Paul.
Somebody tell Richard that the election is over already, okay?
He didn't win.
He didn't get the nomination.
He didn't make a tiny dent.
Even what's his name?
Even at the crazy minister.
What was his name?
Which one?
Romney?
No, not Romney.
Romney's not a minister.
He's a Mormon idiot.
That's right.
Magic underwear.
The Christian minister, the other Republican.
I can see him.
I just can...
Well, Ted Hagritz says he's not gay.
He just likes sex with guys.
Yeah, I saw that interview.
That was hilarious.
He's not gay.
He just, you know, made some inappropriate things
and put did some inappropriate stuff in his mouth
and in his...
Correct.
Don't like that.
You know, but he's not gay.
No.
Speaking of that, the US Attorney in Los Angeles
reportedly has launched a grand jury investigation
in Decardinal Roger M. Mahoney
in connection with his response to the alleged molestation
of children by priests in the L.A. Archdiocese
according to two law enforcement sources
familiar with the case, good.
Throw all those fake fags in jail.
Leave us real ones alone, but throw all the fake fags in jail.
Let them have a good time in there, including a Reverend Hagrid.
I can't believe I can't think of the Republican candidate.
And I can't believe you don't know on an area
that I'd car like yourself.
Can't you see him?
Southern Yehu?
No, it's Picker.
You can't see him?
I can see him, but I can't remember the name either.
No, I can't.
I don't see it on our thing yet either.
That's because we got this eight-minute delay.
You know, this eight-year delay.
The problem in which US Attorney Thomas P. O'Brien
is personally involved is aimed at determining
whether Mahoney, not possibly other church leaders,
committed honest services fraud, whatever that is,
by failing to adequately deal with priest accused
of sexually abusing children,
so the sources will request it anonymity
because they're not authorized to speak publicly
about the investigation, and they value their lives.
One federal enforcement source said such a prosecution
could be brought under a federal statute
that makes it legal to scheme to deprive another
of intangible right honest services.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
In this case, the victims would be parishioners
who relied on Mahoney and other church leaders
to keep their children safe from predatory priests,
the source said.
Isn't that like are we done and see predatory priests?
To convict on such a charge, prosecutors would have to prove
that Mahoney used the US mail or some former
electronic communication in committing the alleged fraud.
The whole thing is a fraud.
The whole frickin' church is a fraud.
All religion is a fraud.
And of course, the Catholic Church is the biggest closet
in the world speaking of that.
My God.
But you keep putting the money in the plate.
Pass the plate.
Mike Huckabee, thank you so much.
Ah, that's it.
Mike Huckabee.
Well, I try, I'm trying to forget him.
And Ron Paul, oh, you ought to listen to Dr. Paul
Neil, educate yourself.
Oh, good guy.
You know, his people were always like a cult.
The Ron Paul crowd.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
Not a religious campaign.
I mean, a political campaign, but a cult.
He was like the reincarnation of Ross Piro,
not that he's denerring, but he ought to be.
Ross Piro with the ears.
Leave it to Larry King to prop up some faker,
some phony guy.
And of course, Ted Hagrid.
There's another one.
Larry loves those guys.
Fall well when he was still breathing.
When he was wasting the fresh air.
Yeah.
Larry puts all those fakers on.
And then looks their ass.
That's the worst part.
Baker.
What about Baker too?
Baker was bad too.
Oh, yeah.
Tammy Faye especially.
Tammy Faye was like attached to Larry's bag.
Mike Huckabee, thank you.
Here's another one says Mike Huckabee, thank you.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, Neil, do you mean Mike Huckabee?
Yeah, thank you.
Boy, sure got a big response on that.
Oh, you got to watch Ron Paul on Neil.
Yeah, Dr. Paul, Dr. of what?
Dr. of nobody pays any attention.
He was strictly an internet phenom.
You know what I mean?
I do.
He had a bunch of groupies on the internet.
Nobody else ever even heard of him.
I have a Ron Paul for President T-shirt.
Do you?
Yeah.
And I'll tell you better get in touch with Richard.
I also have a parole for President T-shirt too.
I collect them.
Oh my god.
I'll be crazy.
I just got a roll.
Dust off the old studies and I lift up the engine and do do do.
A man who just sat there on King night after night after night talking ridiculous assenite
glittering generalities roll up your saves and do do do step up to the plate and do do do.
A lot of do do from that.
He had Ross Piro with those silly ears.
But he had a lot of money.
Oh, black boy of it's the ever closing statement.
Or I believe that they're curious.
Talk about a media phenom.
And so they want to say, OK, go ahead and talk to us and then we'll still about you out.
This could go as long as 90 minutes.
Yes, he could speak for 90 minutes and then the again the impeachment trial prosecutor only has 30 minutes to rebut him.
Oh, I'll agree.
The logo, the media is obsessed.
Any dirt bag that comes down the park, the media is obsessed with them and they'll give them all the fear or time they want.
And they're patting him on the head on that bad wig.
Is that a wig or is that real here?
I hope it's real.
Is real.
I didn't know he was Jewish.
Maybe.
Is that a Russian name or is that Polish?
It looks Russian to me.
What do you mean he looks Russian?
What does that mean?
The name looks Russian to me.
Oh, Richard is back again.
He's just in a, he's having a hissy fit.
No one has to tell me.
Neil, I already know the elections over.
It's too bad.
We have another corporate puppet in office.
I'm not a Ron Paul groupie.
I simply thought he made the most sense.
Well, I'm happy for you, Richard, but guess what? It's over.
It's in the past.
Adelaide Stevenson made a lot of sense too.
He was a brilliant guy.
He's dead now.
It's over.
History.
Al Gore made a little bit of sense too, even though he was as wooden as a Kimba Bo camper.
I think that's a good analogy.
Al Gore was the Kimba Bo camper of politics.
Isn't that don't you?
Yeah, can you see the parallel there?
Wooden.
Even John Wooden was never as wooden as that pair.
Richard, you're beating a dead horse, okay?
Life is short.
Savior, you know, a savior energy for something that might possibly be productive someday.
Someday, somewhere, somehow.
Or do whatever to have you want.
But don't keep bugging me with Ron Paul.
Dr. Paul.
That's like Dr. Rice.
Well, Condoleezah.
Dr. Rice is a brilliant woman.
Yeah, she likes to shop.
Shop till she drops when a tough, when a going gets tough, Condoleezah goes shopping.
Bitch.
All right, here's God.
The world has changed.
And we must change with it.
Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.
What will he do to keep us open?
That work starts today.
A wooden wall that people rocked and eyes.
Right now.
He's in the White House in his new job.
He's got a hit the ground in full stride.
Day one.
What?
Day and night.
Countries on its leaves, day one.
We do not have a minute to waste.
He's rolling up his sleeves, day one.
The time has come.
Obama's going to need a lot of time.
Today, I say to you that the challenges we face are real.
They will not be met easily, or in a short span of time.
But none of this America, they will be met.
Okay, so Richard, who is a new stubborn e-mailer, Richard says, your partner there has the right idea.
Only he's too afraid to talk against you, Neil.
Is that me?
Yeah.
Are you afraid?
No.
What are you going to do?
You have to write an idea about what?
I don't know.
About Ron Paul?
I didn't hear you say anything about Ron Paul.
What a genius he is.
I just said I have to have your shirt.
Oh, that's what he was talking about.
The fact you got a Ron Paul t-shirt.
Is that because you supported him?
No, not really.
I mean, I like the couple of things that he said, but it's a little crazy.
Everything else is kind of nutty.
Yeah.
But one or two things, this point is we're good like pulling all the military bases out from across the world.
I agree with that.
How many votes did he get?
About 30, man.
In the primaries.
Bill says Ron Paul, another one for the nut house.
Oh, boy.
Don't be getting all what's his name?
Richard all whipped up again.
Faker Larry King says, ask for if he's been to Lee Roy Selman's.
I have.
Never heard of it.
What kind of a place does that?
It's his restaurant.
It's pretty good, you know, American food.
Lee Roy Selman?
Yeah, he was a Bucket Air.
The only Bucket Air.
Oh my god.
Tampa Bay.
Listen, it's not bad enough.
We're talking about Ron Paul, thanks to this jackball out there in the audience.
But Tampa Bay Bucket Air is giving me.
And you know who's a big Bucks fan?
Me.
Josh Cortes.
Yep.
Yeah, Lee Roy Selman is the only Bucket Air in the Hall of Fame.
What about what's his name?
Solomon.
Who?
Solomon.
What was his first name?
Freddie Solomon.
No.
You don't remember Freddie Solomon?
He might be in the Hall of Fame, but not as a Bucket Air.
I didn't say he's in the Hall of Fame.
Black quarterback.
Tampa Bay Bucket.
Oh, Doug Williams.
Who was Freddie Solomon?
I don't know.
Doug Williams, that was another black quarterback.
That's what we need is a good black quarterback.
Remember, that's before your time.
A whole bunch of guys started that on this station several years ago, calling in all the shows.
Oh, the dolphins need an athletic black quarterback.
That's what they need trying to turn everything into a racial thing, you know.
Now we got a black president, so screw all that quarterback crap.
Rick says, hey, Neil, long time listener, last week it was some of the funniest shows you've
had in a while.
Between the reading of the Spanish food menus, what Spanish food menus?
I don't know.
To making fun of the horses on Friday, you're funny on a regular basis, but last week you ran a zone.
Yeah, I'm in a zone.
I'll write the twilight zone with Ron Paul and David.
Ron?
Believe a Paul.
To put it in the sports terms, it cliches, you gave it 110% and you were putting the ball in the basket.
And George is the man when he's not sick.
Thanks for entertaining me while driving through South Florida roads, Rick.
Thanks, Rick.
How do you like that?
Happy camper, not.
You ought to watch C-SPAN in Ron Paul.
Take Dr. Paul and stick him where the moon don't shine.
And of course, Flea, he's got the right idea, but he isn't have the balls to us.
Good, God, some of you people are just, you're in serious need of assistance, psychological assistance,
being in a funny farm somewhere.
Oh, here's Richard's back again.
You have Zeitgeist movie posted on your website.
Did you watch it?
Yes.
Did you watch a dendom?
Ron Paul is not dead.
He's still a congressman for, I never said he was dead.
Congressman from Texas still alive on the internet.
He just did not have the money like Oprah Winfrey.
Oprah Winfrey.
Good, maybe you can look with him, Richard.
Peter says, love the show.
Have you read any of Greg Pilates books?
Great read, thank you.
Yes, I have.
I love Greg Pilates.
In fact, I think we have one of his articles on our website today.
If, if of course, or maybe it was yesterday, one of his scathing columns, Marx says,
black way of it, who looks like to be in carnation of the late great Paul Muni is of
Serbia in the scent, definitely not Polish.
My people can't be blamed for this one.
Isn't Mandysha Serb?
There we go.
If the mad dogs fault, yes.
I don't know.
See, I always thought that if your name ended like in CH, it's like Polish.
Like Pete's story, Anavic.
Is Pete's story, Anavic just Serb?
I don't know.
No.
Oh, and his Joan Crawford would say, no more phone calls ever.
If I wanted to hear battling idiots screaming the same things over and over again, I don't block Fox News on my TV.
Says Mark.
Good point, Mark.
Excellent.
Baa, baa.
Freddie was a wide receiver for the dolphins in the 70s, his New York City day.
Freddie Solomon played for the attempt of eight bucks at one point.
If he, if I'm lying, you're a dying.
And Matt says Freddie was a black wide receiver for Miami and San Francisco.
You tell me you never played for the bucks?
I'm going to Google it.
Can I Google it?
Google it.
Freddie.
I already got it.
And it's never played for the box.
He played for the Miami dolphins from 1975 to 1977.
Played for the 49ers from 78 to 85.
Never played for the box.
No, but he went to college in Tampa.
Oh, he went to the University of Tampa.
That's why I'm thinking.
I knew there was a Tampa connection.
See, I'm not totally full of crap just partially.
Yeah, about 90% full of crap.
What?
Yeah, he was a second round draft pick in 1975.
Freddie Solomon.
Well, maybe I'm remembering him when he played for Tampa.
I doubt it though.
I'd tell you, that's a really bizarre look in university.
Yeah, it looks like a Russian building or something like that.
But look at that one.
Yeah, it looks like some old, like something from type bet.
Like the Dalai Lama ought to be hanging out there.
All those spires and is it still like that?
Yep.
I'll be damned.
267 votes on the poll.
Let's see how flea is doing in the running here.
Who should be the host on 560 WQM from 2 to 4 p.m.?
George Rodriguez 70.
Suds Coleman 60.
Flea, you've moved in the third place, but a distance third, 31.
A distance third, you got the right idea though there about Dr. Paul.
According to Richard, according to Dick.
Captain Curtis Stevenson 26.
Freddie Solomon don't have any votes yet, but he's even got,
we'll put him on there later.
Mohauer David 25 WTF 20.
That's moving up.
Sure past Goldie like she was standing still.
Yeldig Yeldstein 13.
The big O 13, Adam Cooperstein 5.
And Jesse Agri has only got four.
That's a shame.
I don't understand.
Jesse's great on here.
I think he probably knows his crap, you know.
Yes he does.
Does he know his crap?
He does.
Does he know about David Paul and Ron Paul?
Dr. Paul Bear.
Ron Paul and Mary.
Ron Paul.
Oh my god.
Talk about stuck.
I'm surprised we're not getting any emails about how about Ralph Nader, man.
Later, Nader.
And thank goodness for that of all the great things that happened in this election.
Is that none of the states were so close that Ralph Nader could screw it up like he did back in 2000.
Before they decided to steal Florida.
Nader, always talk about an ego, a massive, massive ego.
And he still don't like my 1960 Corvair.
That was my first car.
A blue 1960 Corvair.
Yes, the fan belts did break here every once in a while.
But you know what, that was a pretty damn good little car.
I think I put almost 200,000 miles on that thing.
You ever see a Corvair?
Yeah, of course.
They were neat little cars.
Good beginner car, you know.
Although I did get in a wreck one time.
And?
No, I mean, didn't get hurt or anything like that or hurt anybody else.
But I, I've plowed in the back of some guy.
I was out to enjoy riding.
And the guy stopped to make a turn and I looked up and, ooh, oh geez.
Couldn't quite stop.
No, not a major wreck, you know.
Little fender bender.
I remember one time I was driving from Kalamazoo to Detroit.
I've told this before.
Scary.
Scariest thing I ever had.
Even scarier than the guy that nearly wiped me out going to the car wash last Saturday after woodbind.
And I'm driving.
It's pouring down rain.
But I got a meet a friend of mine to go to Hazel Park to go to the track.
Back in those days, that was one of the most important things in life.
I was driving to Detroit to go to the track, Northfield Downs Hazel Park.
And I'm flying like a bad out of hell in my 73, what is 73 or 63?
Olds, cutlass, whatever the hell it was.
And I had a blowout.
Tired blew out.
And I went spinning around and I just gave up.
I let go of the steering wheel.
I gave up.
I thought, well, I'm dead.
You know what I mean?
Because it was just pouring down rain.
And in those days, the speed limit was 70.
So you can go 90.
Yeah.
And the car spun around and it was a miracle because it was like, you know, in traffic time.
In the late afternoon, spun around, hit a guardrail and just came to a halt, sat right there.
And didn't, I didn't get a scratch.
And the best part of it is, went to a got the car towed, went to a pay phone,
called my friend, he came and picked me up at the shop, auto shop and made the first race at Hazel Park.
Nice.
All right.
How do you like that?
It's a great story.
It's a great story.
It's a true story.
And boy, I thought I was dead.
I thought for sure.
And people stopped to see if I was okay.
And people saw what happened.
And they said, oh my God, I can't believe you're still alive.
That's how bad it looked to them.
You know what I mean?
It looked bad.
It felt bad.
It felt like, oh gee, I'm going to die now.
This is the end, my friend.
But here I am, still here.
You'll never last a week in this market, Rogers.
What's the biggest name?
The best town.
You're the only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
One time, leader and king of the world, George W. Bush.
No longer surrounded by a loyal staff of sick of ads.
He's now on his own and on the beach with his daughter.
Watch that over there.
Over there?
Over there's the water.
What?
What?
What?
And look at all this stuff I'm standing on.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's soft and green on my feet.
What's it called?
It's called.
Sand and everywhere.
Wow.
Everywhere you look.
How do they make this stuff?
It's made up of little, tiny pieces of rock.
Rock.
Can you little pieces of rock?
How about that?
Well, don't that be dull?
What does it feel when you touch the sand?
Is it warm?
Yeah.
It's warm and like, yeah.
But it keeps slipping through my fingers.
It's hard to hold in your hand, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is this water?
Water?
Can't be water.
You told me it was shame.
Very good.
This is sand.
It's...
Shed this fun.
No, it's not food.
It's sand.
We don't eat sand.
Oh, I heard that.
1133 at 560 WQM.
George is out sick again today.
We got flea back again by popular demand.
And you're doing okay.
I'd pull it your third.
Yeah.
You're turned.
A distant turn, but nevertheless,
you got Curtis beat and even...
...Beating on Mo and WTF.
Well, here's an update on something that somebody had turned us on two weeks ago,
and we've been waiting breathlessly for it to arrive, and it's here, or we'll be Monday.
Texas-based Bluebell ice cream debut in supermarkets in Palm Beach,
Broward and Dade and Monroe counties Monday.
Now, what's the date on Monday?
February...
Second?
Yep.
Second.
Well, boy, I mean, you know something, I'm going to have to join during the next break,
so if I don't get back, I don't say it in the morning.
In fact, I could do it right now, but I better not.
I mean, if I just got up and walked out for a two minutes, what would you do?
I guess I would talk.
You want to talk?
No, I'll wait for the break.
I can...the pressure isn't that great.
It's starting.
I think it's from that Ron Paul crap.
In fact, maybe I have to take a Ron Paul crap.
Oh, there you go, Neal.
You're just a hard ass.
Go away, Richard.
I'm going to block your ass.
I'm just tired of reading your swill.
Over and over and over.
What are you a hard ass?
Close-minded, you know.
I just don't...not interested.
Also, when you're a...when you're...
...joicing, do you want to talk to anybody while you're doing that?
No.
I'm just asking because in the last break I went to the bathroom and Jesse was in there,
and he's talking to Beast who is on the actual toilet.
Oh, no.
You did a joystick side by side with Beast?
I didn't.
I just went in there to go to number one.
Oh.
And Beast was in there talking through the door, and I'm like,
who talks while they're doing that?
I wouldn't want to do that.
And then Joe Rose went in there and was joicing next to him,
and then all three of them had a conversation.
Joe Rose?
Yeah.
What's he still doing there?
I guess he was recording interviews from Tampa.
Oh, not, not, not.
You know what I missed today?
I missed interview with Shannon.
Shannon.
Yeah, that ran real tape yesterday.
What?
That ran early, as well.
Oh, you heard it?
Yeah, 630.
You were up at 630, listening to the radio?
I was driving back from the gym.
Yeah.
Driving back from the gym at 630 in the morning?
Yeah, I go early.
Oh, my God.
How early?
530.
I can't even imagine that there's a gym that's open at 530 in the morning.
Yeah, LA fitness.
Wow.
Well, what, well, you're going to get a little free plug in there for them?
What's the food coming, by the way?
I'm hoping, any, any, any, any, probably any minute.
They better bring that total any too, stuff with the pumpkin.
Hmm.
And for Stasio.
Have you ever had pumpkin soup?
No, not for me.
That's good.
Not for me.
Actually, there's a restaurant in my neighborhood here that makes those kinds of soups, you know,
pumpkin soup and oh, squash, butter nut squash.
Oh, moushy soup.
I don't like moushy.
You're more of a cream of mushroom kind of guy?
Oh, yeah, I love that.
And mushroom barley.
Oh, good.
And any soup with mushrooms can't be all bad.
Anyway, getting back to Bluebell, it says this is sweet news to a Fissiano Sumsai Daryhard
fanatics of the conconction.
When the brand comes to a new area, fans have been known to follow Bluebell trucks delivering
ice cream to the grocery store.
Oh, boy, you talk about that, that's sick.
To get her Bluebell fixed Houston native Rebecca Hunderschmark of sunrise has been driving
the Naples where the ice cream has been available since 2004 and she brings it back
in a cooler.
I mean, how good can it be?
Bluebell is in my blood.
Nothing compares to his Hunderschmark 25.
I've gotten all my friends hooked on it.
I eat it every single day.
Every single day, I think that probably Rebecca won't make it till 26.
She's 25, a little bit young to be living in sunrise, honey.
This is from the Palm Beach Post.
First produced in 1911 at Brenham Creamery Company in the small town of Brenham, Texas.
Oh, I bet you Ron Paul likes it.
Bluebell hit the Jacksonville market in 2000.
I'm going to gradually expand into the rest of the state.
It's trickled further south because outbackstakehouse and Caraba's servet, although not identified
as Bluebell.
It's already available in Martin and St. Lucie counties.
Southeast Florida is the latest regional frontier.
The last, well, we're always last.
It's been an eight year process to get the whole state coverage to Jim Widerholt, manager
of the new Bluebell Creamers LP distribution center in Miramar.
Even though it sold in only 18 states, privately held Bluebell's and nations.
Number three, best selling brand at ice cream.
Trailing only briars and EDIs.
Oh, EDIs, fat.
It enjoys a 7% market share, a coin of Bluebell's spokesman Bill Weiss.
What's the creamy concoction secretive success?
One selling point is that Bluebell still offers a full 64-ounce half-gallon container,
while the majority of its competitors have shrunk their half-gallons to 56 or 48 ounces.
Bluebell also insists on a hands-on approach that distributes its ice-game directly to
individual stores and its own trucks rather than delivering the product to supermarket
chains warehouses.
Butterfat content is considered premium about 10 to 12%.
That won't limit any points from weight watchers, but from the Butterfat content is still
lower than super-premise like Ben and Jerry's and Hagen Dazs.
As for ingredients, Howard Cruz, retired president and CEO, likes to tell people the reason
that the ice cream is so good is that our milk was grass yesterday.
Wow.
If George finds out the milk was grass-yish to the hubby's eating and and smoking it,
we'd or all explain we only buy what's in season like strawberries.
That's why we have a rotational flavors.
To market centred into the market here, the company is introducing tropical paradise,
coconut ice cream blended with crushed pineapple, roasted macadamia nuts, and pineapple
coconut sauce swirl.
That sounds like kaka to me.
I'm just not a big, we went through that before.
I'm not a big coconut guy.
It's okay, but eh.
We feel like ice-game is proven in years past to be kind of a comfort food said, Melvin
Zygan Bean, Bluebell Vice President of Sales and Marketing, when people don't have the
money or need something to make them feel good, it's something they can go to that's
fairly reasonable or fairly irresistible according to Hunderstmark.
The day they put it on the shelf, I'll be there.
She said, I wouldn't miss it.
How do you like that?
Bluebell, baby.
One thing they have blue balls, but Bluebell is where it's at.
I killed Nicole.
Yes.
Well, happily good morning, Mickey Mouse's office.
This is Gupi Spakey.
Good morning, Gupi.
Oh, boy.
It's Walt Disney's President, CEO Robert Eiger.
Yeah, I know who you are, sir.
Why do you say your title every time you call?
Do I?
You do.
Oh, can I talk to the boss?
Please hold.
Hello.
Good morning, Senator.
Hello?
Hello?
Who is it?
I can't hear anything.
Hello?
Sir, sir?
I can't.
No, no, no, sir.
It's Bob Eiger.
Hello?
I can't hear you.
Sir, it's Bob.
Bob, from a content?
No, sir.
The presidency of the company.
Oh, no, no.
Where are you?
You saw what you want to sell, though.
Sir, I'm calling for my cell phone.
I just said that.
Why me?
Where are you?
Well, you don't have on vacation, right?
Vacation again?
Do you ever work?
How many weeks vacation do you get?
I thought we cut everybody back to two weeks.
No, sir.
That was a citadel corporation.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
They screwed their radio people pretty good.
That's right.
How many weeks do you get?
Well, my contract says I get 18 weeks.
18 weeks?
That's a whole lot of bounce cash flow.
Gold sir, don't you get 18 weeks?
I go where I want to go.
When I want to go.
But I don't call vacation because I'm always working.
The real world is turning.
Where are you?
Well, I have a skin aspen.
Well, well, and I have a skin aspen.
Even though I want a turd that makes you sound like
you have big, broad, hard turd.
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm not sure if it's my cell phone,
but it's better like you called me a turd.
A broad, hard turd.
It's working fine.
You can hear me.
Well, sir, how are you doing this morning?
I'm not doing well, I, sir.
It's Iger, sir.
And why is that?
Because I just reviewed your compensation package
from last year.
Do you know what we paid you?
Yes, I do, sir.
And you don't feel bad?
Well, it's the 1.1 million dollars.
That's more than the G&D of Afghanistan.
So I love your political shield.
Not funny.
Not funny.
What?
I'm not laughing.
Well, sir, I did turn down the $2.4 million shareholder bonus.
Well, let's throw a parade.
I'll tell you what.
You'll give me back the $1.51 million.
I'll give you the $2.4.
How's that?
Why don't you get back some of that vacation time?
I didn't.
You didn't wait.
You've got 10 more weeks than Nicky Warx home movie.
I don't think I know.
You're struggling, I said.
Iger, sir.
I don't know.
You're struggling.
You sound like a struggling John.
What?
That grungey half a million, that used to be on with Stern.
Oh.
Come on, get your words to come off.
Why can't we do more movies like Paul Black, more cop?
That's brilliant.
Sir, you made fun of that movie for a week.
I did not.
You did not, sir.
I did not.
Sir, you did not.
You made fun of that.
That's an amount of billions.
It's a cop and a mole without a gun played by that Kevin James.
Why can't we do more things like that?
Sir, are you only saying that because it had an opening weekend of over $30 million?
$33.8 million dollars.
That's not even as much as you have in the end last year.
Sir, sir.
I apologize.
I apologize.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Apologize.
Apologize to the people.
The people of the world.
Apologize.
But take it so much money.
Apologize.
Do it, do it, do it.
I apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
For what?
For for.
For being a big blowhard turd.
Say it.
I apologize.
For being a big blowhard turd.
Say it.
I'm waiting.
I apologize.
No.
For being a blowhard turd.
Big blowhard turd.
You forgot big.
I apologize.
For being a big blowhard turd.
Hey, hello to Lolo.
Hey, does she still have that spot on her right, by?
How do you know about that?
Oh, brother.
You like it, huh?
I do.
I love this.
I love this.
I love this.
Now, I thought I had a technical problem here, which would be bad.
But I don't.
The only problem I've got is that the label on this CD, that I just played, is the one that's
got this label.
When chicken neck put the label on here, he didn't glue it down real good.
And so a part of the label like is sticking up every now and then.
And like it, it makes the fluttering sound from the CD deck.
Oh, I got it.
I got it.
And I thought, oh gee, I've got a technical problem there.
And it's just this damn thing.
Do a little better job of nailing it down, chicken neck.
I got a fact that you'll like.
Go ahead.
It's a hello, Neil.
Don't know if you received it yet.
But yesterday morning, Paul and young Ryan did most of the morning on bad dreams.
Oh, yeah.
From Chris.
From Chris?
Probably not that Chris, but a Chris.
Oh.
Well, wait a year.
This.
I mean, the poll is just, it's just there.
It's just for fun.
Okay, it's not like rocket science.
It's not like some kind of a scientific study.
Deer Neil, other than George, Moe, Gildey and Big O, I know nothing about the others who are listed on your poll.
I only know Moe, Gildey and Big O, because of you talking about them.
Perhaps a short summary on the poll about the people listed would help when deciding which selection to check.
Thank you, Mr. L.
Oh, my God.
Should I write a bio?
I think you should change his name to Mr.
I have no life.
Oh, can you believe that?
No.
And one of our listeners came up with a really good poll inspired by you with your comment about pumpkin soup or whatever the hell it was.
What's your favorite soup?
Matt came up with that.
One of the choices I hate soup.
But then it's got a list of a whole whole bunch of stuff.
French onion.
That's got to be one of my very, only if it's really, very good.
From Burns.
Bruce Chris has got or like a pompano park used to have back in the day.
Burns steakhouse.
The best French onion soup.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That's correct.
We're all about that.
That's one of the specialties of the house.
And the meat so tender, you could, it could melt in your mouth.
Would it be, would it be bad to go into Burns steakhouse and order a delicious juicy steak and then get Peter Luger steakhouse with it?
I don't know, but speaking of food.
Yes, the food is here.
Of course he needs.
All right.
Great.
And what do they bring you?
This looks like some kind of tartar, filet tartar.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it looks awesome.
With quail eggs.
It looks like quail eggs.
Looks like capers.
Yeah.
Antiobe's and mustard.
Looks really good.
Great.
Dig right in.
And we've only got about eight or nine minutes before we open up the store.
And wqm.com.
That would be correct.
That would be correct.
Rob says, we want to recommend an excellent documentary to you.
American Drug War, the last white hope.
Should be viewed in every school, but it won't.
Like to show the way it is.
Like to better the way it was, but we won't get into that.
See ya.
Like to better the way it was.
Well, so did I, but that's in the past, okay?
Can't live in the past.
It is what it is.
And these are the, you know, times the triar souls.
Famous Serbs says one of our listeners.
A list of famous Serbs.
Melissa Bean, Congresswoman from Illinois, never heard of her.
Rob Lagoiavich, Helen Delage Bentley, former Congresswoman from Maryland.
Joyce George, US Attorney and politician.
By the way, speaking of Joyce, I did do a very clean antiseptic quick during that break.
Oh, nice.
Oh, yeah.
But plenty of time to spare.
I'm the world record holder just asked George, he'll tell you.
Mitchell Mellock, US Senate, Carl Maldon, who was born Meladen, Sekalovi.
How do you like that, Carl Maldon?
I wonder if Ken Maldon is Serbian.
Poor Ken.
I miss Ken.
He's one of great guys.
Awesome.
Millage Ovovich, Pete Merovich, dead NBA.
And Pete Stoyanovich was an American football place kicker of Macedonian descent, born in Dearborn Heights, Michigan.
That's where all the Arabs are in Dearborn.
The Arabs are in Dearborn, Michigan, suburb of Detroit.
Back in my harness racing days when I owned a couple of horses, there was one of the other owners who was one of the worst thieves in the history of it.
And this guy was also one of those Arab guys.
Although you never know that by his name, which I'm sure was changed.
His brother's name was Wojje.
What kind of a name is that?
Wojje.
Arab.
Wojje.
I'm not going to mention the guy's name because you know what I mean?
Because I'm sure he's still alive.
And who knows?
You never know who the hell it might be listening.
Bill says Ralph Nader has got his head up his ass so far he's never going to see daylight.
I'm sure of that.
So I don't have any emails about Bluebell ice cream.
Wouldn't you have thought after reading that long, ponderous piece?
I mean, that exciting news about how it's coming on Monday?
I've heard good things about that ice cream.
But what is it?
See, I mean, I know.
Wow.
What?
The pumpkin ravioli is here.
Looks like we got some mousse.
We've got a tuskin bread.
What's it called?
It's way too Italian for me, but it's really good.
What do you mean it's way too Italian?
Like the pronounced.
Oh, ice.
Ribolita.
Bread, thick and tuskin soup.
Riboletta?
Yeah.
Awesome.
Mmm.
Oh, tuskin bread soup.
Yes.
Wow.
Am I right?
Yes.
You are correct.
That's really good stuff.
Tuskin bread soup.
I've had that.
Oh, man.
The tortellini is awesome with the pumpkin and the butter and sage.
Thanks for being out sick today, George.
Sucka.
Wow.
That's amazing.
What word did you say?
Sucka.
Oh, sucka.
I thought you said something that sounds similar.
So we got just about five, six minutes before we, um,
solace certificates.
The tuskin bread is awesome.
The bread soup.
Mm-hmm.
Told you.
Ribolita.
Awesome.
Let's see.
Oh, speaking of that, uh, how come I got two of these?
This is from Rob.
An excellent docu drama you must see is American drug world last white hope.
That's what the other guy said.
It shows what a fraud bill bent it is and how they railroaded Tommy Chong.
I think they should show it in every school, but it'll never happen.
Oh, then this is, this is a carbon copy.
It's the same thing the guy sent twice.
Thanks for your time.
I love the show just the way it is.
Good luck at Woodbuy on Thursday.
See, he changed the line in there.
About it.
You'd like to like the better the way it was, but I love it just the way it is.
And good luck at Woodbuy today.
I'll be going at two o'clock.
My terrorist cabbie will be picking me up right at two o'clock.
I'll be on my way.
Is it still snow in there?
No, it is not.
Do you think it was still snowing?
I'd be going?
Maybe.
You just don't know, man.
No, the, I mean, there's still a little bit of snow on the sidewalks and stuff.
But by now, no, I didn't go yesterday.
I walked outside once.
I went and I got some soda and I went and I got some, some lunch.
And then I came back and I was in it.
That's the only time I ventured out.
And luckily in my building, there has a zillion of the meat and step
after shoveling yesterday.
Oh, my gosh.
Well, we had a foot of snow.
You don't give a crap.
You're busy stuffing your face.
Okay.
You've learned, you've learned well, even though you do work for Joe Bell.
The free food is where it's at.
Oh, yeah.
Especially when it's this good.
So let's put this certificate on sale right now because it is four minutes to
loon or in four minutes anyway.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on QAM.
Well, I never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been doing the round days today.
That is a classic set of wheels fixed up.
The way a brother would drive it.
Now we've been beating the child and getting the drink as cold and the dyes of the massy.
I got some kind of liquid cherry, yo.
Oh, baby.
Open up for not a cherry cherry and be baby bruised.
Oh, baby.
Shining little little little belly, baby.
This is big shit.
Now it's the one bounce down the road in a big, dead, super bowing.
Now that they have this stuff, the big deal is a day of intermittent beating the brakes.
I'm 1979, my own boat, Catalina.
She's your looking bride.
Now it's my baby, Cadillac.
Oh, baby.
Open up for not a cherry cherry and be baby bruised.
Oh, baby.
Shining little little little belly, baby.
Yo.
So loud, unofficial.
Less than two minutes.
Yeah, it's pretty good to be scallops or amazing.
Oh, right.
Good save.
I got my windows down on a hot summer day, cause they hazy don't move no way.
This wedding fresh for lawsuits, thoughts besmelt against the dusty, lookin' over time.
I'm not acting you fine, the shiny, grandmas melody blind.
I act my carpet, chanted, dukes, having washed it with all the rope.
Oh, baby.
Open up for not a cherry cherry and be baby bruised.
Stop baby.
Michael Schock, it feels going over Steve Lump's safe and smooth.
Stop baby.
Fresh from Lauren Tyrion, be back to Jimmy.
Biggest stop baby.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
So the decency, a picture of Flea with his mouth full.
Oh, yeah. Good stuff.
These scallops, they have these big scallops that they serve over here.
I love sweet potato.
With a pine nut pesto on top.
Oh, it's amazing.
Well, the certificates are all sold unofficially.
I'll have to check back on, or you can check back on, or you're not doing anything but eating anyway.
That's true.
I still got sold out.
I beg your pardon?
I still got zero remaining.
No, no, but it's, well, you don't even know how you do it.
No.
You have to go to where it says past deals.
Oh, I got you.
Huh?
I got you.
And when it's listed, there is a past deal.
And since this is the first time we've had E. Corcini on, it should be pretty easy to finger it out.
It takes a couple of minutes.
Yeah.
Those things sold out, and I'm ecstatic because, like you're saying, the food is spectacular.
There is a good location.
And it's not a place that most people have heard of, I'm sure.
Well, it's only been open since December.
Right.
Yeah, and it's amazing.
And the reason I say I'm ecstatic is that usually when we have a new place on, like,
well, we don't know.
We don't know.
You know, if it's one of the oldies but goodies, are you a mousse fan?
No, I love mousse.
They have a spiced chocolate mousse.
It's out of the world.
Not as much as your appeal mousse, but I'm a real mousy man.
They have a what?
A spiced chocolate mousse, which is amazing.
Mmm.
I'll be damned.
I saw that on the menu.
Mmm.
The flavor of exploding your mouth.
I got a great line for that, but I'm not going to use it.
I'm not what?
Are you going to bite now?
This place is good.
Mmm-hmm.
I've looked at that picture like you were having a pretty good time.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks, George.
So thanks to E. Corcini for bringing in a real feast.
Now to the big end of the beast and the feast, did he come in and steal some of the food?
He tried, but we kind of blocked him out.
Good.
Clarence got some, though.
Oh!
I have one thing to say to you.
You're fair.
Clarence came in again.
Mmm-hmm.
Who doesn't even recognize that the show is on a year?
Well, he does on Thursdays.
Yeah, that's right.
When a free food is there.
What a chaser, man.
You're a chaser, Clarence.
What did he take?
He ate some of the tartar, I think.
He also had some of the ravioli.
He took some scallop and then they have, it's a wild boar on pasta.
Oh, my God.
What's that called?
Papadelli with wild boar.
Papadelli with wild boar.
Papadelli with wild boar.
Papadelli with wild boar.
Yeah, really good.
That's a pasta.
Yes.
They brought it from Papas Deli.
But the killer is the scallops.
Mmm, I love scallops.
One of my favorite foods in the world.
With testos too?
Mmm.
Rich says, funny you guys you're talking about burns.
I'm leaving for the Super Bowl and tamping a few minutes in my friends and I have eight
o'clock dinner reservations at Burns.
The onion soup will most definitely be on my agenda.
Good choice.
I also recommend the mac and cheese as a side.
Really?
Oh, God, it's amazing.
As for blue bell ice cream, I've had it when I was out west a few times and it was
okay, their packaging looks exactly like Eides.
And I've always assumed they were an offshoot of Eides.
Well, they're not.
And I sure hope they don't taste like Eides.
To me, Eides is like industrial strength.
You know what I mean?
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
Do you like Eides ice cream?
No, not really.
Now, the funny part of it is that Eides used to bring us in free ice cream.
I think it was at IOD.
The local distributor was a big fan.
He'd bring in the ice cream.
And I just, I don't know if I used to knock it then because when somebody brings
you something for free, you don't want to knock it.
But by the same token, I don't like it.
It's industrial strength.
And these gigantic tubs, you know, like for pigs, even I can't finish off those tubs.
I mean, I can do a half gallon any day of the week.
Nuket.
Moush it up a little bit.
That's the only thing I like.
Moush is ice cream.
Mmm hmm.
Nuket.
Make it nice and soft.
And then that, that week, you can almost, you can almost eat it with a straw.
Oh, there is the blago.
Would have been nice to have them here so they can tell the truth and tell you, under oath, what they know.
I want to be able to bring in witnesses from Ronald Manual, the President's Chief of Staff,
to Senator Dick Durbin, to Senator Harry Reid and Bob Menendez, to every single person connected
with any conversation I may have had in relation to pick in the United States Senator.
Unfortunately, these rules have prevented me from being able to do that.
And in spite of efforts to try to get you to give me that chance to do it, it didn't work.
So I want you, the people, talked as many people as that possibly could.
And I was over and over, repeating to them, just give me a chance to be able to let the truth come out.
So sooner rather than later, I can show you I've done nothing wrong.
So sooner rather than later, I can clear my name and we can put this behind us and get on with working
to do things for people.
Get on with the business.
This is a crazy person.
And the media lots of men, they love him and made that case to them.
They were mostly sympathetic.
They understood my position.
They said, of course, you're entitled to a fair trial.
Every American citizen is.
Of course, you're entitled to bring witnesses in.
You want to hear any more of his rambling, his incoherent cramp?
No, he's crazy.
He's a crazy person.
Let's put him on two to four.
Get a 90-year easy.
Marty says, went to a Habs Cats game with my visiting brother around St. Patsy day a couple of years ago.
The seats they sold us were with a group of frogs.
The guy behind us was blabbering away in French and had really bad breath.
Oh, yeah, that's the frogs, all right.
The old guy in front of us kept cutting cabbage for its...
The old couple in front of us kept cutting cabbage for its.
Maybe they were from cabbage town.
Needless to say, we got that a lot of there and said elsewhere.
Don't sit with the frogs in tonight's games, Marty.
Panthers in the frogs, the Montreal Canadians, seven o'clock tonight at the Macarena.
The frogs.
Panthers are on fire, man.
They're doing it.
They're in a playoff spot.
I think this is the...
I could be wrong.
But this is the latest in the season.
They've been in a playoff spot in a very long time and years.
Yep.
Since back in the Papal Paray, R Whitney days, Scott Melon B.Days.
And I watched a little bit of that fire game.
They're looking good.
Yeah, they're physical.
Oh, and this thing is vibrating.
And I think I'm going to pull the label off the disc because it's driving me up the wall.
That's never happened before.
All the discs that chicken echoes at me and the label is...
Oh, and this is one time when I wish I had fingernails, but I don't.
And you want to know why I don't have fingernails?
Yes.
Because I choose them.
You don't choose your fingernails?
You don't bite them?
Sometimes.
One of the worst things that you do to yourself is when you bite fingernails and you bite them...
You rip them off and they're like bleeds.
You know what I mean?
They're like you rip them too close to the skin?
Yeah, that hurts.
Oh, boy.
I've done that more than once.
Now I forget where the hell I had this thing...
Oh, there it is.
And it's not making any vibrating sounds.
They're ripped half the label off.
Nice going, chicken.
So what's...
You never heard any more from Curtis?
How other than he just put the stories up and then vanish one back to sleep?
Probably my back to sleep.
I'm sleeping.
Maybe he's kind of a paco.
You know, I'm sleeping party all night, sleep all day.
Matt, who's obsessive and grand haven Michigan.
Well, you know, if you live there, you'd find a hobby.
Am I going to go two for two with a soup full idea?
Listen, he's going to add more on there, obviously.
I work third shift and do baking and soups for breakfast, lunch, place, and grand haven Michigan.
Insert, I have no lunch.
I have no lunch.
Okay.
Well, thanks, Matt.
Yeah, you're going to be two for two.
We're sure going to use that one.
Don't you like that poll?
What's your favorite soup?
Yeah, I bet you...
I bet you a footy would have put that on for a couple of months.
At least a couple of months.
Oh, at least, yeah.
Where's the best burger joint in Florida?
And you're going to have it on there for like six weeks.
Yeah, I mean, what?
Oh, the store...
I never heard him do a talk show.
In fact, I never heard him on your period.
You never were listening to Y100 back in that?
That was not.
Not in the right demographic.
No, I don't blame it.
What?
What?
Footy.
Everybody who ever sat down in front of a microphone thinks that they're a talk show host.
Every DJ.
Well, the worst is when they got rid of Kenny, because it was Kenny and Footy.
Then they got rid of Kenny and it was Footy and the chicks at six.
It was an abortion.
Really?
Yeah, it was horrible.
Was it as bad as the Jimmy Cifilis show?
Now, have you ever heard Jimmy Cifilis doing his right wing rant on IOD?
Yes, I have.
And?
It's a great cure for insomnia.
Really?
It's horrible.
I don't know what's worse.
I don't know what's worse.
His morning show or his play-by-play?
Oh, the play-by-play, man.
Oh, and he gives him over 83 in the letter who's got an OGs running like a son of a bitch.
I think once he said first down on the 52 yard line.
Yes, I would have an email on that today.
Dolphins have the ball first in 10 on the 52 yard line.
Well, he's under a lot of pressure, you know, because he's incompetence.
Yeah.
And then he screamed one time, touchdown for the other team.
Yeah.
True words.
Terrible.
For the other team?
Yeah.
Without naming the team?
Well, maybe he didn't know who the other team was.
That was most probably.
No, no, no, no.
I always thought it was the jets playing the jets.
Mike says, have always enjoyed your show.
It's still due.
This past week with Flea has been great.
Has been a whole week.
It's just been two days.
It seems I'm sure for you like a whole week.
Perhaps George wouldn't be ill so often if he stopped assaulting his immune system with illegal narcotics.
Please, Neil, keep Flea dump the drug use his mic.
Well, that's bad.
Yeah.
I like it sound like you're after George's job.
And I'm not.
No, because you can't afford to take the pay cut.
And when you keep telling me that George is making more money than you are.
Is that a true story?
Absolutely true.
That's embarrassing.
Who's been, now, who makes more?
Are you or, um, Curtis?
Hmm.
I don't know.
Probably me.
Oh, that's good.
That's good news.
Well, good.
The hottest show on Earth is back.
As contestants from around the USA battle to become the next.
American Spillie Idol.
I'm all out of home.
One more bad dream could bring a fall.
Somebody please kill me.
That was truly horrible.
I'm so happy with my dear.
It's a nice evening.
Why would you?
Oh, I just want that your name is B-I-L-L-I-E.
That's such a great touch.
But your lip is a little off.
And I will have more spikes on your jacket, you know?
Here she comes, now, saying, Mone, Mone, Mone.
Hello, everyone.
This is the real Billy Idol.
I'm not American.
Shoot him down, turn around and come on, Mone.
But someone will be crowned the next American Billy Idol.
From 19 to 560 WQM, we got 10 certificates came back,
which means that some people were trying to use their J-Byrons credit cards to buy them.
So we got 10 free cursini.
See how you got to keep on these things?
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
Clear on your throat again with that mucus and pucus.
Yeah, that's right.
That's me.
Oh, now we got 12.
So who the hell knows what kind of high jinks and low j...
Oh, now we got 7.
You know when it changes like that in 5s,
that means that somebody is poxking around with it.
So we got 7.
Anyway, if you got shot out on these certificates, there's still or some on there.
I recommend it.
Very good.
And Flee says it was just fabuloso.
Sounded good.
And the picture of the beast sent me of you eating it, just shoving it down your pucus.
Yep.
With a very enthusiastic look.
I was hungry.
Andrew says, hey Uncle Neil, I know you're going to rip this email and me on the ear.
But your show has improved vastly over the past several days.
Vastly.
Woo!
You've denied it, but you go through phases where you come across on the ear as very negative
for a stended periods of time.
Days, even weeks.
Very negative.
That's me.
I'm a miserable old bastard.
I don't know if it's flea or the fact that George always agrees with you when you say you're not in a bad mood,
but check and understand after all your his source for funds.
Now, now what does that mean?
I'm his source for funds, George.
I don't pay George.
Yeah, his check comes from Beasy Broncasting.
But your show is back to as normal as it can be since Joyce arrived.
Well, thank God for that.
Once in a while, take a breath and listen to your real fans and listeners.
Oh, you're listening to these crazy people.
Baa, baa, baa.
If everyone in their uncle is telling you that you're a grouch,
take a moment to consider that day we might actually be correct.
I don't think that most people are saying that I'm a grouch.
Most of them are just saying baa, baa.
Thanks for hearing me out, Susandra.
Well, thanks, Andrew, whatever you say.
I'm glad that I'm come back to as normal as I can be.
And now that's grouchy as conveyor should be.
I had two bad days in a row.
It would buy.
But then you can't let all.
Now we got 13 left, it says here.
Yeah, somebody said diddling around with these.
I just had a feeling the way they went so fast, you know.
It could be a little paranoid, whatever,
or maybe I'm getting grouchy again.
13 left for recourse any.
So if you want to keep your eye on it, go ahead.
Or maybe I'll check back on it later on.
I'll watch it for you.
Keep your eye on it.
At least you can do after sucking down all that free food.
There's black oil still going on.
And mothers with small children.
There you go.
I like when he compares himself to Gandhi and you.
Right.
That's right.
He's nuts.
Jesus.
Moses.
Solomon.
Abraham Solomon.
376 votes on the pool.
Who should be the host on 560 W.
From 2 to 4 p.m.?
Why don't we put on well WTF is doing well.
Not not as well as you're doing.
Well, George 92.
Suds Coleman 74.
Three 54 year respectable turd man.
You're like a.
Iger.
A respectable turd WTF 39.
Mohawar David 38.
Curtis 34.
The big O he's the one to show and he's only got 20 votes.
Maybe that's why he's got that.
One one.
He's in Tampa today for the Super Bowl.
So is mad dog.
Now what about the off in the night?
Did we send them?
Oh, yeah.
It's at the Super Bowl.
It says that was last night.
It doesn't say so on a schedule.
The night.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
I'm sure that vote campers still over there.
Let's we can only hope probably for Channel 4.
Yeah, you mean CBS 4?
No, I see I went Channel 4.
Good.
That whole thing with NBC 6 and CBS 4 that it's so I mean just
retutously stupid.
Yeah, I like to watch ESPN 34.
That's it.
Wait, what?
Like with me, I like to watch the HPI 420 on my digital cable.
Horse player interactive.
Let's see who's racing right now.
Up and all will have to come around heels.
Young.
This is from Dubai.
Chip Reason and Taylor off and gone.
200 meters left to go.
And I just reason race three in front.
Love good.
All got the second.
Young Mick is battling on.
Far from all in light.
It's too light and it's I.
It's too light in Dubai.
Y'all these got 16 votes.
Adam Cooperstein's got five and poor Jesse Agler is still
last place with four votes.
I don't get it.
Sometimes I think that I don't want to give you a
grouchy again because then I'll get another Andrew what
email.
Oh, here's one that's set from your my bitch who's a big
George fan.
Hope you feel better soon George.
Flea is filled in great.
How about near Rogers from 10 to 11 a.m.
Because I'm not listening anyway and spicken Flea from 11 to
3.
Because I'm switching to the ambassador to 3.
Great job Flea.
And then it goes back back back like that.
See, when you get like that, that much input that's that
sour and hostile.
Even though we know most of it's coming from across the street.
How are you going to be a little grouchy maybe when most of the input you get is
ba, ba, of course you are.
But at two o'clock I put on my clothes.
In fact, during this next break I'm going to put on my pantaloonies in my shirt.
And then maybe like around one o'clock put on my shoes and get all ready for a wood
vine.
That's with a B by the way.
There is no V in woodbind.
Can I speak?
I mean, don't I articulate fairly well?
I've been doing this a hundred years.
Yeah.
Woodbind.
Do you have any trouble understanding how you spell that?
No.
Oh, Tampa Bay Downs.
I love that guy.
BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM.
He must be related to the, um, you're my pitch guy.
BAM.
Last start was made in 15,000 of Churchill.
Changing venue, changing price.
Don't forget to get on our qm.com and register for the Pick the Pony deal.
That's for tomorrow.
Now, have we decided how are we going to do that since courtesys over there getting
stoned and laid in Tampa?
I'll get a name from him.
Yeah, get a name.
Get a contestant.
Because I got the entries for tomorrow.
I got the racing form from Steve Sloan.
You're a good close personal friend Steve.
Who thinks that I know something?
You know, I mean, I haven't bet on thoroughbreds in years.
I did make that one bet on the first time starter woodbind about two years ago.
Payed 32 bucks.
First time starter.
I just watched the odds board and saw it get a lot of suspicious early action.
They went up to 15 to one and one by open lengths.
How do you like that?
Of course, one thing about gamblers, we always remember when we cash and try to like forget the bad days.
Forget that when the horse is finishing up the track.
Oh, here it comes right now.
Well, don't tell me they're starting this race at 10.
Raise the track condition as fast the turf course.
Turn the port of Borrell.
Is at 12 feet.
Spastic.
When you agree that's a good way to describe this guy is spastic.
Yes, yes, you would.
Well, it's Tampa, though.
It's your town.
Yeah, he's still bad.
I didn't say it was bad.
I just said he's spastic.
Two more to go in.
A little melodramatic.
A little melodramatic.
I mean, every race is not there.
Kentucky Bay.
The breeders cup.
I'm getting a cup of eight to just waiting.
There you go.
There we go.
They're all in.
I'll set.
At a way to go.
Come on.
Here we go.
And they're off.
My bellman reaching up for their delayed once and once and advancing toward the rail as well as Rigo Riches up on the outside in Tickney's Ritter and the last Thursday.
It's going to get paid.
The best challenge.
You're busy on the line.
Hey, go off those checkered pants.
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
If he wants to smoke pincher guys, then what?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I put my phone in basket out, I give a free condo.
Take the toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
The toys for back and pow.
Why you lose?
I've got a long, you spoiled old bulls.
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the new magic rules.
I'm hip to the jive.
Daddy, oh.
You imagine going back tonight.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my voice, we'll carry.
You little smoothie.
We're going to go to the game.
We're going to go to the game.
We're going to go to the game.
We're going to go to the game.
From 32 to 560 WQAAM.
So we got 34 certificates left.
We had a whole bunch of bogus crap going on there.
Which doesn't surprise me.
Because we got a lot of game players out there.
A lot of people like to play games.
So that's good news for people I thought they got shut out for recourse.
There's 34 still on there.
If you want to keep your eye on it fine, if not, we'll just see tomorrow how well we did.
Because I don't think Georgia is going to be back tomorrow.
You don't think so?
Well, if you didn't come back for the great gourmet free food today,
you think he's going to come back tomorrow?
He doesn't have a gallbladder appearance tomorrow.
So he's not going to make like any extra cash tomorrow.
He has no incentive to show up.
Mark says, like the show been listening for about six months here in Valdosta, Georgia.
Wow.
We got who's listening to?
Just wanted to say hi and let you know that this guy producer you got on today sounds pretty good on your show.
Who is he?
Can't keep up with the names and all the nicknames you give these people.
You're regular guy.
A guy run that I work with and moved up here from Allen.
They'll turn me on of the show.
And you'll never retire, please, as a mark.
Okay, thanks, Mark.
Flea is with us today.
Flea, Lee Feldman, better known as Flea.
Lee Feldman, Schwartzburg.
Now, how did you manage to stick around?
I mean, I think you're one of the only you and I have the only Jews left.
And I don't know.
And Clarence.
Well, Clarence, we know he's got naked pictures of Joyce in the Billy Goat.
Ooh.
What?
At the bad visual.
Well, sorry, I never saw Joyce.
Who's on top in that picture anyway?
Billy.
The things that didn't say I was involved in it.
How can those things be shown to be anything, but what they are?
But not wrongdoing.
It's not evidence of any wrongdoing.
In fact, there is no evidence before your body here that shows no evidence.
Zero.
That there was any wrongdoing by me as governor.
Yep.
Wow.
Sean says this is Paul Sean from Hollywood.
Again, the pervasive nature of the near-roger shows encroaching on my professional life.
I've only been on my new job for two days.
I was walking past my boss's secretary's office just as he was picking up an incoming phone call.
I heard her say, hello, this is Debbie.
I guess I better.
For effect.
This is Debbie.
Hello, this is Debbie.
On reflex, I choked out loud Gaffa that echoed through the hallway.
Gaffa!
My coworker's third of me, a gassed.
Needless to say, I slunked back into my office, and I didn't come out until everybody else went home.
Thanks a lot, Buffalo Bills is Sean.
That's kind of cute, marginally amusing, isn't it?
Let's see how you're doing on the pole.
Or, nearly, I don't pay that much attention to the pole, like I used to.
Oh, and all he does is read the pole results a million times a show, too bad.
401 votes on there, it's not too shabby.
West and Lakeland before I get to the pole results, was David Paul the guy with a cartoon character voice,
who had a show on WSB, yes, where Phil Henry worked, too, that was carried on WSU and that's correct.
Used to play unbelievable, unbelievable.
As I recall, the WID run to show, too, God forbid, no.
Neil reruns were better than all that.
Well, maybe not.
Says West and Lakeland.
Maybe not.
I don't know what that means, West, but whatever.
401 votes, who should be the host on WQM from 2 to 4 p.m.?
George 96, Suds Coleman 77, flee 62.
You're a respectable turd.
All right.
WTF 42, Mohawar David aided in 40.
Been there, done that.
Captain Curtis 36, the big O 21.
Steve Geldig-Eltsd in 18, Adam Cooperstein 5, and poor Jesse Agler,
man, he's going to develop a complex.
He's still only got four votes.
Now, why do you think that is?
Do you think that most people don't know who he is?
Could be.
I mean, he's on 5 to 6 in the morning before Joe Rose.
QAM early edition with Jesse.
The early edition.
Now, he doesn't have any paid guests on there, does he?
Oh, and I want, I mentioned it too off the air.
You are absolutely correct.
And this year they've started, is this the first year they're doing this
where each interview we has to have his own sponsor?
No, I remember it from last year.
On the NFL Network last night, I was channel surfing and I stopped long enough to see some dumb jock talking about the
a stuporable game.
And then the host, some other dumb jock, led him down the garden,
and passed into a thing about subway.
Oh, well, I've lost 84 pounds.
I know you love subway and he went into like a ten minutes spot for subway.
Yeah, Joe had Jim Kelly on today, which was fine until the end they had like a two minute commercial for KFC.
Oh, my God, what is this all about?
The ultimate hooring of the universe by the jocks.
It's not bad enough they've taken over the whole damn broadcast industry.
Now they've taken over all the commercials too.
Even Drew Rosenhouse, Dean Kranz, even he's got a spot.
When he comes on and drives the audience away in a Joe Rosho, like I'm sure he did this morning.
I heard a little bit of that.
Yeah, he was kind of mentally tuned it out.
Well, my clients are there all the best guys.
They're the best players.
Right, like Plexico.
Yeah, Plexico, a Bernass.
How's he doing?
Still shot.
Joe says, high and kneel.
He'll often hear you say that nobody reads anymore.
I love reading books.
Have a lot of friends who love to read.
Think you would enjoy Bangkok 8 by John Burdett.
I live in Alamarata, but listening to you since the bird days, you have a lot of fans in the keys and spotted Joyce.
Thanks for the years at great entertainment.
PS1 pill looks like Wilma.
Hmm.
Too bad George is out here today.
He would have enjoyed that.
One pill looks like Wilma.
And one pill looks like Joyce.
So anyway, you were about to tell me what Joyce looks like and then you thought better of it?
She's not attractive.
Like donkey face like that.
A little bit.
Horse face.
Now, how old would you say a bitch she is?
Close to 50.
Yeah.
Around there.
45 to 55.
Is that neck of the woods?
Yeah, and she's in good shape.
I mean, she's then.
She's in good shape.
Yeah.
That's the really bad news.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
People busy on projects.
Today on TMC.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived for her first day on the job.
She told the people who lined up the breeder.
Well, I am absolutely honored and thrilled to be here with you.
And I will do all that I can in my bust development.
So I take this off.
Let's get to work.
We'll have some ups and downs.
There is nothing that I welcome more than a good part of the **** in my box.
Today on TMC.
Okay.
A 1244 or 560.
Good thing there were a couple of **** in there, isn't it?
Steve says, have you noticed how much bloggo sounds like Jimmy Cagney?
I guess with him coming from gangster town, it shouldn't be surprising.
Really enjoying you and flea interacting with this is a Steve.
Well, you're sure getting like a lot of love from the audience.
Yeah, that's weird.
Yeah, it is.
Because the audience is usually hostile.
Like that, hostile.
421 votes and you're a solid turd place.
Yeah, George and suds.
Suds is not going to be working.
Okay.
Suds is not going to be two and two to four.
I can just guarantee you that maybe he would like to if they would pay him.
But you know, now you're going to do it if they choose you, but not for any additional money, right?
I'm sure there would be no additional money.
Are you getting paid extra likes to fill in for Georgie two days?
No, I got fed.
That's true.
You got a free meal for me, Corsini.
I think there's still our 34 certificates left.
I do believe.
See, I'm glad that I was skeptical about that in the first place because I just,
I watched the way they like, you know,
and it's a really good restaurant from what you tell me.
The food is really sensational and a good location in Yadi-Adiah.
But it's not one of those tried and true regulars, you know,
that everybody knows and etc.
And so I was a little bit skeptical like when all of a sudden there was like down to eight and then two and then zero.
Like within less than two minutes.
And then all of a sudden, oh, surprise.
There's 10 back.
Oh, surprise.
There's 13 back.
Oh, surprise.
There's 35 back.
Game players out there.
Boy, I would...
Don't get grouchy again.
We don't want you to be an old grump, Neil.
Matt says plus the stuff that the jocks are pushing is pretty ridiculous.
Like Shannon Sharpe talking yesterday was pushing chunky soup for homeless or starving people.
These guys are multimillionaires and they have to sell out like this.
And you're right.
The way the host has to steer the interview to the product is so lame.
Consider sports interviews, unless they're at this point.
Yeah, I mean, I...
I just don't understand why people would put up with it.
Not that they've got a choice.
I mean, if they want, you know, if they care about that crap, they're going to watch it anyway.
But...
Oh, every jock has got to have his own sponsor and do a thing for subway and for chunky soup and up chunky this and some stupid vitamin thing.
That Matt Hesselback, remember that was that yesterday?
Yeah.
And Matt's right.
The host steers them in.
First they ask a few gratuitous stupid questions about the game.
And meaningless questions about, you know, how are you doing with the ladies or whatever they ask.
And then, oh, and by the way, you have something you want to talk to us about.
Yeah, about...
Oh, yeah.
God.
He says the EGO Durant.
KFC Subway.
The Oderant?
Yeah, the Degreed Deodorant was one of them.
And who was talking about that?
I think that was Chad Johnson.
Chad puts the Oderant on his Johnson?
He does, or he should.
Thomas Nick says insanity, doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results at Albert Einstein.
Stupidity.
Listen to a radio show you don't like and then emailing it to complain why you don't like it.
Says Nick.
To all of the bat complainers, change the station with several exclamation points, hearing all you morons constantly confessions freaking ponderous.
I hate why 100 bad don't call them to complain.
I just simply don't listen to it.
You have no lives, says Nick.
I have no life.
No kidding.
A lot of life was A-holes out there, Nick.
Oh, and here was one for the previous poll.
What a shame.
How about Michael Phelps for the poll?
Says Paul and the Cuse.
That would have been a good one for the weirdest looking dude.
Yeah, he's goofy.
He is strange, strange, not from this planet, not from this species.
How are we doing on the certificates?
Did you look?
Yeah, we were at 34.
Still got 34.
What do you mean we're at 34?
Still have 34.
You don't have to sound.
I mean, I know you like the food, but my God.
The guy who plays Buffalo Village to be hosting the 2-4 hour.
Love your show, says Nikki.
Thanks, Nikki.
Oh, here's fake Ricky Roma back again.
Sarah and George are sick, but please, an acidition of the show.
However, if he really wants to win over the audience,
he needs to talk with his mouth full of food.
He already did that.
Already been there.
Listen more closely, Ricky.
Now, here's a good email.
This is one of the best from Richard to undisclosed recipients.
Good read.
And there's nothing there.
There's not a link.
There's not an attack.
Oh, no, there is.
There's a big blank space.
The ugly truth America's economy is not coming back.
This looks really uplifting and it goes on and on.
Yeah, that sounds very uplifting.
Good read.
You read it.
Stephen Jersey says, liking the flea, also,
interacts and contributes on conversations with you actually.
Sounds like he's listening to the program, which George sicker,
more likely resting up for roller-rink night.
I'd like to recommend flea for the all-time spots other than yours,
all-time spots.
The lathering and licking by the QM jox nippers,
i.e. the Joe Rose promo on the stream,
drooling on the phone, and with the ever-smarmly gymnance,
is too-conducing.
And the sound bites of fellow Sniffer's mad dog, Big O, etc.
Poonoly to one guy to save the rest of the QM day.
Lee Feldman says, even New Jersey,
you're going to be on all flea all day except Pinnitude.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Now, I rest my case.
That chuckle that you just let out.
If that wasn't the chic, one moment please.
I'll get to it here.
That was you.
It's pretty close.
The chic.
Sheekly.
Are you sure getting a lot of reaction? I'll take it that.
Oh, here's the Charlie Bee email.
Very upset.
Why the F. Did you rip me for today's poll about critiques on a year?
That wasn't my poll.
You old fart.
Geez, take your Gerrucho extra strength for improved memory,
and get your poll guys straight.
I hate it when you mistakenly credit me for other people's polls.
Both the bad and the good.
By the way, the new poll about strangers looking person is not mine.
I know it was Sean from Hollywood, I think.
But a brilliant poll nonetheless.
I only wish I thought of it.
And I think I heard a burp.
See if that guy's keeping track.
A burp from whom?
You.
Oh, slight one, right?
So please don't shortchange whoever submitted by giving me credit for it on tomorrow's show, okay?
Okay.
Oh, now Charlie Bee's giving me directives.
Also, I love it when my poll sparked conversation like the nightmare show the other day.
And what's really great is when it sparks topical and interesting feedback from other listeners
that was great listening in a great show.
And a great poll too, Charlie Bee, if you do say so yourself.
And boy, it's about time.
Also, I'm sending an email to Joyce to let her know it's 2009 in the Obama era and a new team at the FCC.
So she and the bees, they need to get with the times and change.
Oh, yeah, Charlie, hold your breath.
You might want to pass on her email address to other listeners who might be so inclined to vent.
I don't think so.
Talk about a magnificent waste of time.
She is, what was the line in network?
Whether we're talking about getting Howard Beale off the air and he said Mr. Jensen wants Howard Beale kept on here.
And he's are you sure positive?
He is intractable and adamant time.
That was the Robert DuVall's line, remember that?
Great movie.
And spectacularly move around.
I'm glad somebody else likes it beside me.
A movie that everyone should be forced to watch.
Charlie Bee says hopefully with an email overload in her box, we can convey upon Fitch the Bitch to at least bring back the fart sounds.
And much other stuff returned to the airways.
Couldn't have heard to try.
Oh, you're dreaming Charlie.
You are dreaming.
I mean, I guess you've got a lot of time, you know, spare time to waste.
Oh, you got to send an email to Joyce, but yeah, maybe Bubba can do that.
Maybe Bubba can invade on Bruce Beasley.
Is that what he was saying?
He was going to get to talk to Bruce Beasley about that lawyer, Bitch.
I will bet you that Bubba is off that station by the end of the year.
Well, see if he was smart in the first place.
Why would he jeopardize?
I was thinking about this last night.
Why would he jeopardize all the other stations on his little, you know, self-made network by going on a Beasley station and having to follow her directives?
It's not like he can just, you know, do a different show for Beasley and then a different one for all the other stations he's on.
Right.
So what he's doing by going on a Beasley station is allowing Joyce to water down his show, much like she's done to this one.
Exactly like she's done to this one, only in his case, maybe more.
I don't know, because I never heard his show.
It's definitely more blue than yours.
More blue.
Yeah.
Well, at least there was anyway.
Right.
Bill says, what do you expect from a South Florida, nothing but winers and A-holes?
Bill, you're a little bit too negative even for me.
I don't want to be a grumpy old man.
Well, what does that in reference to?
I mean, that's most of the emails.
And how are we doing on the yes certificates?
I'm not going to ask you again, 34.
34.
Well, we sold 16.
That's not exactly a tremendous testament to our selling abilities, but it's a new place.
32 now.
32.
There you go.
You got 32 chances at love with a great meal.
Have you ever seen any of those shows on MTV?
I have.
Double shot at love.
You got another shot at love.
That could be one of the worst shows on TV.
In history.
In history, not just today, in history.
And there's a whole series.
There are like about a thousand of those damn so-called reality shows.
And the whole idea is to embarrass anybody and degrade most of the people who come on there.
Oh, and you're out.
You're a very nice person, but you got bad breath and you got to smelly a crotch and go away.
You're out.
And people just sit back, I guess, and they get off in the fact that other people are being rejected.
It's kind of like the American Idol thing.
It's the same mentality.
Watching people attempt to be accepted and yet the overwhelming majority of them get rejected.
Isn't that what people want to see?
It makes them feel better about themselves.
Other people being rejected.
Oh, no, not you.
No, no more chance at love.
And the worst part of it is they got that skanky bitch on that one show, man.
Who the hell wants her?
Tieta Keela.
Yeah, that's the one.
She's not queued at all.
She is not.
She's about as hot as an iceberg.
She's about as hot as a goldberg.
Hey, stupid.
No, not that one, that's her.
That was a little slimmer than the Humper.
Yeah, his leg.
What about his leg?
She's thinner than one of his legs.
How do you know?
I've never seen Hank's legs now that you come right down to it.
Well, no, do I have any desire?
Do you sound like the voice of experience?
No.
So what's the story with Ken Maldon?
They're actually going to give him some part-time worker.
They just tell that tank to pacify him and get him off the phone.
I really don't know.
I hope they bring him back.
I like Kenny a lot.
Great guy, class act, and your good close personal friend.
Oh, jolly Joe stabbed him.
Not just in the back, but through the heart.
That there's some things you can forgive, some things you can overlook.
That is unforgivable.
Biggest name.
So I can't wait.
101 at 560 WQAM.
Nick and Boston says the worst show on TV is Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Nick says long time, listener, for a long day of resident from 93 to 2006.
Got smart and moved back here to Boston.
At a boy, Nick.
I mean, can you compare Boston to a South Florida?
No way.
I mean, God.
Can you come?
Well, you can't turn a clock back.
But when I went to Boston in early 60s, it was just, and I was a slim, 150 pounds straight out of my,
flunking out of Michigan State.
And boy, did I have a good time eating there?
I mean, eight and eight and eight and ballooned up to 200 and dropped pounds.
Any year and a half.
Wow.
The fake rag beetle who I'm sure is sunny Fox now after seeing this.
I like your new sidekick.
Where did you find him?
My new sidekick.
You haven't had a good sidekick since the bird.
I listen to your Roger so I can hear the word A whole sunny.
See, it's sunny Fox.
In fact, sunny is probably most of the fakes.
Now, you don't even know sunny Fox, do you?
Wasn't he on Kiss Country?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know sunny.
And oh, the way you said that boy kind of dismissive.
No, I mean, I don't, I don't, never listen to a show.
I don't know, not well, but I know who he is.
Yeah.
The word loser come to mind.
Always sounds incoherent.
I'm not saying that he is, but he just sounds like it.
And boy, I don't know what happened with him in his former sidekick, Ron Hersey speaking of sidekicks.
But boy, do they ever have some falling out or what?
I mean, they were on the year together for a long time back on she and wherever the hell else they were on.
And then all of a sudden, I hate to read like you wouldn't believe.
And then we went up with Ron Hersey highway on this station on the morning show.
Oh, didn't they have Cox on the radio as well over there?
Oh, over where?
At Kiss Country.
Oh, yeah.
And then he died.
Oh.
I think they put him in the ground.
This company, man, they'll kill you.
They will absolutely freaking kill you.
You know, Matt, I don't want to say that, you know, I'm just like with Brandon.
Now Brandon's a long time friend and, you know, but Brandon sent one or two messages earlier and then he went back to work.
But this Matt guy with the polls, you know, the guy in Michigan.
On and on and on and on.
Although we just have a very good point.
He says, I remember you saying long ago, the only reason to turn on MTV was to watch good looking people.
What happened to that concept?
The show Rock of Love has the worst looking women using that term lightly and Brett Michaels is dog bounty hunter ugly.
Yeah, they're all, that's the whole deal now.
They put on the ugliest people they can find.
That's VH1 though.
What?
That's VH1, Rock of Love.
Well, regardless, the MTV shows are the same thing.
I told you they're the day about the gay show they've got, the gay dating show.
Oh my God, much of screaming, mincing, grotesque.
I mean, not that TV puts on stereotypes, you understand?
No, no.
Oh, did you send me something?
No, I did not.
Must be an ad fact.
So what is, unleash the power within Tony Robbins and areas with his 420 teeth.
Boy, talk about much you do about nothing.
Tony Robbins, the power of Tony Robbins.
He goes around and tells people how to make money.
Just be like him, he says.
Just be like me.
Go around and charge people for crap.
Stop the madness.
It says George is the Schmidt.
He could never be replaced.
Flea and Josh sound exactly the same.
Lane with no brains.
See, all the love just suddenly came to a halt.
It's just like that.
Well, I mean, no, you know you've made it when they start ripping you and ass.
When they're all kissing you, ass, that's not good.
Right?
Yep.
Frank says,
Hey, Neil, I don't know if I can take another person.
I look up to dying because of ice.
Don't pull the, oh, he's talking about the weather here yesterday.
I only went out once and believe me, wasn't it just walking across the street?
Was it sure?
Don't pull an adkins on us just because you don't want to show it a few bucks for snow tires.
Do I, did I drive across the street?
I don't think so.
I was just listening to Celia Cruz and remember when you played that song clip,
Esa Negrita Que va caminando.
And the Celia Cruz, but that was hilarious.
Is it really?
Did you think it was hilarious?
She was in cotton, in a verde where the hell is it?
Oh here it is.
Esa Negrita Que va caminando, Esa Negrita Que vado papel unas topped corobe algae negras que tienen su mano tan ificado.
We eat.
Neil God, keep up the great work we need you around for a few years.
Take care of yourselves as Frank P.S.
Make cargo and joys.
I don't know what that means.
I don't either.
And I'm sure it's something dirty, but nevertheless it's an esponule.
And if the Spanish language stations can say stuff dirty in Spanish, then so do I.
Can we?
I don't know what that means.
I would have to ask the sleeping beauty upstairs.
I'm sleeping.
Actually, he's not sleeping.
It's only 106 and he's awake already.
Isn't that great?
Just got a message from Paco.
He's awake.
That's nice.
Yeah, it's only 106.
Party all night, sleep all day.
Oh, here was the poll from yesterday.
The first one we had that intermediate one about the strangest looking person.
What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the air?
See that, that's Charlie B.
What he should have been apologizing for that business if I allowed it on the air.
No complaint, Samantha 44.
Too much censorship, too much joys, 144.
And that came from a standing start.
That was not there in the beginning, right?
Right.
And when zooming up, George 107, the repeating stream archive commercial is 91.
Not enough calls, 79.
Like today, no calls.
Good.
Neil's not in Miami, 72.
Neil's mailing it in, 44.
Too many fake emailers, 34.
Too much slot talk, only 18.
Got my pantaloonies in my shirt on, by the way, now getting ready for wood vine.
Eating on the air, 17.
Blamefully for that.
I didn't eat nothing today.
I don't get no more weaners and too much food talk, only seven.
I just don't understand people wouldn't like talking about food.
That's like people would say, oh, I don't like food, you know, like the people say, I don't
like ice cream.
You believe that?
Do you believe that there are people who really don't like ice cream?
Maybe some, but I find it hard to believe.
Hard to believe, man.
I don't like candy bars.
Get out of here.
As Quinn says, we hope the holiday season was good to you.
What ratings does it take to be removed from the air?
This is a good email.
That's a good question.
Yeah.
I think, oh, point, oh, doesn't do the trick.
What ratings does it take to be removed from the air?
Seems that zero point one or even, oh, point, oh, month after month means nothing.
No changes are made.
Same people plugged in here and there.
Maybe splitting your show nine to 11 a.m. then from one to three p.m. would keep more
radios on QA and could prop up the rest of the day time.
I'm not here to prop up anybody.
Okay.
I've had to monkey on my back for a thousand years.
It's always kneel boosting up in the middle of the day.
All those graphs, you know, with the big fingers sticking up in the middle.
A few special nachos will help bring in new and used to be listeners.
Maybe eight to nine p.m. on Wednesdays.
Oh, yeah.
All need all day.
Forget about that.
I'm a daughtering old man.
I'm hanging on by my fingernails and I don't got no fingernails.
Billy Powell died.
We already had Billy Powell.
I'm going through leftover stuff from yesterday, but I do have some stuff.
You get all excited about blue bell ice cream?
I'm not.
I doubt that we'll have it here.
And the last thing I need is any more brands of ice cream.
The thing I never see fish food here, boy, if I say another one thing I do see that I
like a little bit is Haganaz Rocky Road.
Ooh, that's good.
You like Rocky Road?
Yeah.
What I really like is Rocky Road with Hot Fudge on it.
Now you're talking.
Like an eight-center, they have a bastard Robbins and you can get a Rocky Road Hot Fudge
Sunday.
Oh, baby.
Man, that's good.
I do like bastard Robbins a lot.
Here's one that says, I too escaped from Miami in 2004.
I landed in Palm Coast between St. Augustine and Daytona.
I still miss a few things about South Florida, but not many.
I'm happy about the live streaming your show.
You're great and you made George the most famous Cuban in Hylia.
Keep up the great entertainment.
Says, Oishmoiju.
Oishmoiju.
We got free here today.
He's our token Jew on the staff.
Once they found out Allison was Jewish boy, that was the end of her.
He didn't take long, did it?
Oh, here you go.
Hostile.
What a shock.
You can't come up with one of the 50 states you would like to live in.
How about Hawaii?
Talk about a miserable, miserable old, bitter, and great.
You turned your back on Miami if you're sucking a dry and spin in their face.
Of course you'll deny it now, but no doubt by the end of your five-year contract, you'll
be ranting about how Toronto used to be great and now sucks.
Actually, probably not last anywhere near the end of your contract.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just wounded.
Here's one that says, Joe Bell should think about flea being your replacement when
on vacation.
Let George be his board off.
Flea is great.
When on vacation, flea flies in.
What do you think?
Sure.
Jimmy Dwariski is here today, finally.
Neil also loved the movie Network.
Your show has turned me on.
Many films with your now some of my favorites, including Glen Gary Glen Ross, City of God,
irreversible.
I tried turning other people on of these films, but when crap like Beverly Hills,
Chihuahua and Paul Blart, Mall Cop, Go Number One, for Box Office, Two Weeks in a Row,
it's a futile effort to convince him what to watch anything good.
Paul Blart?
Sure, there are plenty of crappy movies that can be guilty pleasures, but it seems like
Hollywood is absolutely zero interest or motivation to make anything truly outstanding
anymore.
Do you recommend any recent movies you've seen?
No.
Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire.
What was it?
Slumdog Millionaire.
Good?
Yeah.
Excellent.
He has tell Charlie not to bother emailing Joyce.
I'm sure her box is already full.
I'm sure that.
Matt, please don't tell me.
Matt is back again.
Okay, last email.
No chronic crap.
Met if Neil allowed it, tongue into you.
So that was not Charlie B's, Paul.
Sorry, Charlie.
That's what he was upset about.
That was Matt's, Paul.
Which of these would be your complaint if Neil allowed it?
Well, Matt's a newcomer, you know, although already way way over the quota for this week,
Matt, give it a rest.
Well, get a search party and find a life in Michigan.
In Western Michigan, no less.
Ever been in Michigan?
Driven through it.
Actually, Michigan's okay.
I was the Marco Polo of small market radio in Michigan, Albee in Michigan, Marshall
Michigan, Sturgis Michigan, Hillsdale Michigan, and then to the big time Kalamazoo.
Have some friends in East Lansing.
And of course, I went to school in East Lansing, where we had, I'm trying to think of the Henry's
hamburgers.
They got closed down for using horse meat.
Oh, yeah.
And then they got opened up again.
And I dated a girl from Sterling Heights.
They had a restaurant, a fast food joint called satellite hamburgers in East Lansing.
And you can get as many patties as you want.
You used to be like, you know, like stupid college kids, we'd have contests.
And you get a burger or cheeseburger with 12 patties of meat on it.
And of course, who the hell can put their mouth around something like that?
It's a lot of meat that's shoving your mouth.
It's a lot of meat that's shoving a small mouth.
You said the best out of it.
You don't have any more objects.
You're 40, you're 5.
60 QAM.
I think.
Howard David's a bitch.
How would you name it, you heard it, W.
I am here.
And you are.
And I can't say it anymore.
They took that from me.
Thanks for no small part.
That guy a midday show guy.
Oh, Boca.
Yeah, yeah, that's that guy.
Whoever the hell out is.
You met him.
I did it.
Yes.
Out in the hallway.
I don't know who I would have been.
Let's take some calls and shall we?
Prestige is a Bud Polya city.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Mom.
Yeah, well, you know what he's like.
When are people going to realize this?
This is a sports show in nothing else.
Absolutely.
Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports.
Yeah, by the way, some.
They paid me to oggle and admire men.
This here is a show for men.
A bout man like this.
Millie bears and chaps.
You stole the pizza?
Huh?
You stole the pizza?
I did not take no pizza.
You stole the pizza?
I don't be ridiculous.
You stole the pizza?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I stole the pizza.
I didn't steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza?
No.
I did not steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza.
Now see here.
I ate no pie, burglar.
I stole the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
I stole the pizza.
You know what you're doing?
I only had one slice.
They're okay.
So it was a whole pie.
Who cares?
Those bombs had no power.
I was hungry.
I sacrificed a lot too, you know.
There was no back-to-browns.
Just don't face the same without the doctor, Browns.
That's rudist.
Has that marijuana been said today?
Good night.
And kiss my ass.
119-560-W-Q-A-M-R-O-B
says you should have come to climax
if you run to West Side of Michigan.
Come back anytime.
You're as truly.
Yeah, I've been in climax, Michigan.
I don't think I've ever been in,
but there is a place called Hell, Michigan.
You ever hear of Hell, Michigan?
I think I have, actually.
Yeah.
Well, if you're from Tampa, you know all about Hell.
Oh, yeah.
Here's some good news for us.
Steve in Jupiter says, up here in Jupiter, Florida,
and the Cuban radio station in 560
is coming in perfect.
All right.
Nice going, Fidel.
It's really a miracle that we actually have any audience at all.
Now, I can't get on the QM website for some strange reason.
Can you?
I was on it earlier.
Yeah.
Well, no, I was earlier.
I'm not talking about earlier.
I'm talking about now.
I'm on it now.
What?
I'm on the QM website right now.
And?
I don't know.
It's working fine.
I'm on it.
Well, just a second.
Don't get any more.
Don't get any more.
Nothing.
It's just that they ain't doing nothing.
Hmm.
Now, let me see.
Maybe maybe my computer's frozen up.
You see as possible?
Possible.
Unlikely.
Trying to the website.
That's what I'm doing.
And now it's all frozen up.
Outlook, his press is OK.
In fact, here's a couple of.
Look at this from George.
Neil, I've been working for you for a long time.
This is George who can't even spell his own name right.
Oh, my God.
How sad.
I mean, the fakest of the fake from George Rodriguez.
And yet George somehow can't spell his name.
Well, let's just delete that, baby.
And why does Ralph continue sending me?
This is the fourth try.
Pictures of a burger king in midley.
OK.
Why do I care about that?
Do you think I care about it?
No.
Correct.
Oh, yeah.
My computer.
I think I'm going to have to reboot it.
It's all of a sudden.
Messed up.
Well, let me see if I can go to the Sun.
So that should be a good test.
SunCentral.com.
Now.
Not going.
So I think I'm going to have to reboot my computer.
Reboot it.
We think about that.
Do it.
Well, I don't mean like right now.
I'm talking about during the break.
Sure.
Later.
OK.
I remember the show we had about dreams.
Was that yesterday or the day before?
That was the day before.
And you weren't here the day before.
That was George.
Oh.
Grave, the gravity guy since hanging over subject and dreams,
is a very interesting one.
Did you know that only predators like cats and wolves actually have
REM dream sleep?
Sheep and antelopes don't dream.
And mammals dreaming occurs even at a very early age.
Newborn kittens dream just like human babies.
One wonders what they can be dreaming about having had no life
experiences at all to inspire them.
Well, how about human babies?
What are they dream about?
Something to think about.
Something to put your thinking crap on and really give some
deep penetrating thought to.
Oh, the sun's set will just popped up.
Oh, good.
Oh, just what I needed was some technical diffugally on my computer.
Throughout our long history on this planet, we seem to be losing more
and more of our knowledge heritage.
By this, I mean, we actually seem to have lost much of our human
instruction manual.
A set of facts that our early ancestors seem to have been very aware
of, including the significance of dreams, but starting around the time of Christ
with the destruction of the library at Alexandria and Egypt with its vast
collectivation knowledge began the long and protracted dark ages of knowledge.
I think you'll find those in the QM management or office.
It seems that Christianity, Judaism, or Islam and true knowledge are mutually
exclusive.
Their followers have chosen faith and superstition over science.
But it wasn't always this way.
The ancient Egyptians actually seem to have had a grip on dreams along with something.
All concepts such as the true nature of the human soul and life after death,
all of which have been mangled by being filtered through the above mentioned religions.
In Egypt, there was such an occupation as a dream interpreter.
There's a reference to it in the Old Testament story of Joseph who spent time in Egypt.
This was a profession, a profession leading some to believe that long before
Siegman Freud, people knew what dreaming was really for.
Carl Sagan speculated that perhaps dreams are in the minds of the
people, co-lating the experiences of the day before assigning them their proper
place in the memory storage processes of the brain.
Maybe he was on something or maybe he was just on something.
Maybe that's why he talked like that.
Maybe he was on doggy downers, Carl Sagan.
Don't you think he spoke a little bit unusually?
Yes.
A little bit strange.
He's dead now, right, Carl Sagan?
I think so.
Still dead, yeah.
Oh boy, isn't that cute?
Richard Roma trying to be a comedian with an almost dirty joke.
Really sad, really weak, Ricky.
By the way, get to work on our website.
Idiot.
Neil.
Yeah.
The number one problem facing sport host today is getting laid.
Hmm.
I don't know.
I want to touch a girl.
Yeah, it's trip droids in her houses that maintain confidence in your manly hood.
But when you're going to get some on your own merit without having to lay out expendable cash,
well, now's your chance with sport whole radio's white men in the keys contest.
Look for the life-sized bust of Galdese head urinal cake made from the wholesome goodness of genuine urinal cake.
While in the urinal, you will find the URL.
Then enter it on your cell.
Enter username, vagrant, password,
the deck.
Then wait for your chance to win.
Wow.
Another winner.
White men in the keys.
On five to go, sell a ukulele.
I get the ring.
All right, 130 at 560, WDQ.
We got the big goal from the Super Bowl in Tampa to a clock.
Doesn't it like, you know, bring warmth to your mind, the fact that we're broadcasting from Tampa?
Oh, yeah.
Bring back memories of old home week and all your favorite haunts in Tampa.
Yep.
Did you have favorite haunts?
Yeah.
There's a lot of places I used to hang out.
Like, ebore city I used to go to a lot.
Ebore city in the Columbia restaurant with a great sangria.
Oh, and a great salad too.
I forgot that.
Yeah, I was good.
It's good.
Car mines.
Car mines was the first bar in ebore city.
Really?
Yep.
Still there.
Okay, George decided to spell his name correctly.
That's nice.
Well, no, I mean, I don't have a whole bunch of other stuff on here except the same chronics
like Matt Tiesworth.
Matt, I'm going to block your ass.
Okay, you just don't get it.
Go away already.
And also Ralph, who keeps sending me these pictures of Burger King.
Oh, he just blocked his ass.
God.
Stupid.
So many stupid people in so little.
Oh, there you go.
Being grumpy and grouchy again, Neil.
Matt, a search party to find a life.
My wife heard you say that walking by my office hasn't stopped laughing.
She said, you nailed it.
Okay, I've been sick and grouted the whole week.
That's my excuse.
I'm plugging in.
I'm unplugging my keyboard.
Now, good.
Go away.
Don't go away, Matt.
Just go away a little bit.
That's all.
Oh, and here's one from Eddie.
And I did read the article about how you were on your way to a job in Arizona.
Heard about a job in Miami and of course came running back.
All how those poor schmucks have no idea how much better place Miami should have been
all those years without the blood sucking hate monger in their midst.
Well, this is 666, another chronic.
Another chronic hate mongering emailer.
Same over and over and over and over again.
Keep some off the streets, though.
Okay, so here's the one from George with the J.
Now as opposed to George with the G.
Neil, I've been working for you for a long time.
And this is the way you've aiming back question mark.
I've fake being sick for two days, three with tomorrow.
And what do you do?
You send yourself emails saying that the flea should call him to fly since he's
thick to joist makes a great sidekick in order in order for me to think my jobs at risk
and come back to work.
Stop mailing it in.
I know it's you emailing yourself because I know I'm listening.
You fear it.
Stop mailing it in.
By the way, if you really care to know why I called in sick, it's because while the
Jackson and Tampa tell themselves like horse and getting really fat for the Superbowl,
I'm out with their wives teaching them sign language and bed.
I'll come back Monday, Neil.
I make sure you tell the fly to enjoy my lunch and after we take a big pile of steamy
joys.
George, P.S. Good luck at Wood Vines tonight and don't forget you're my friend.
Says the fake George.
And that cute.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
So you actually I get the feeling that you don't you don't resent the idea that you
were born in Tampa and grew up there.
That's not too bad.
Wish worth basically live like Des Moines.
Never been there.
I've been to see the rapids though.
How was that?
That was not bad.
It's right across the river from Omaha.
How about Buffalo?
That's worse than Tampa.
Oh, that's worse than any place.
I would rather live in OGIS than live in Buffalo.
But Gatlinburg Tennessee is pretty bad too.
I would think so.
Anyplace in Tennessee.
You know, I worked in Nashville for one month 1980.
Did you know that?
I did not.
W L A C night time, baby, with a big signal 50,000 watts.
1980.
That's the year the election between Reagan and Carter.
And we took a poll on the year and Reagan just beat Jimmy Zash.
Just like he did in the election.
And we got calls from like 40 years some states.
With that incredible nighttime W L A C signal, I think 1510 on the dials.
Is that correct?
Sure.
15 something.
I think WMEX in Boston was also 1510.
I don't know.
But W L A C, what a signal we had.
And then of course, I realized I was living in Nashville.
There's two kinds of folks in the world.
That was my land lady.
What a bigoted bitch she was.
Two kinds of folks.
There's people from New York.
And then there's people from Nashville, meaning Jews.
As you want to say that.
She didn't know I was Jewish.
Bigoted nasty old bitch.
And then the night I was leaving to go back to Miami, because I couldn't take more
than a month in Nashville.
And they begged me to come back to WS News.
The night that I was leaving, I was packed up my stuff.
And I left the station and I'm walking over to the motel where I was temporarily
staying after I moved out of the apartment.
And two cops come over and approach me in the street.
Is I'm crossing the street to the motel?
And I thought, oh boy, I'm done.
A couple of really nice guys.
And they thanked me for being a breath of first year and exposing them to ideas that they
never heard of before in their lifetime, because they were brought up in such a racist
mentality, et cetera.
And so it was really nice.
Cool.
How do you like that?
So in that brief one month there, I made a real impact on the lives of two red-nucky
cops.
Isn't that quite an accomplishment?
I'll write that in my memoirs.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Horrible place Nashville.
Don't ever, don't ever slow down there.
You're just going to love Nashville.
There's two kinds of people.
Then people, then Jews from New York and then us red-nacks here in Nashville.
Those were almost the exact words.
I don't want to say there's such a thing as global warming, which causes extremes in
temperature.
See, people think that global warming is like what's happening in Australia.
Now, it's like 47 degrees Celsius, 100 in the Samad.
People are schmitzing their brains out.
But global warming also causes temperature extremes.
And the mama B sent me this the other day from the Buffalo News.
This January is the 18th coldest and 139 years in Western New York, which of course
laughs over to here as well.
Are you starting to feel this is an historically cold January?
It asks.
Buffalo News.
Oh, my God.
Were you just talking about Buffalo?
Yeah.
Psychic.
Psychic sidekick.
When you're right, and out the national weather service has the numbers to prove it.
So far with just a couple days left to go, this has been the 18th coldest January in
the last 1039 years.
For the record, the average daily January temperature through Sunday was 18.7 degrees Fahrenheit.
Oh, my God.
And there's more good news.
Forecasters in our predicting the region could see an additional several inches of snow
overnight.
This was what they was this Tuesday.
And we did.
And Monday and Tuesday next week, we're going to have like a whole bunch more snow,
other several inches.
It's all making for a memorably miserable month.
We don't see a big January thought coming meteorologist Tom Nizaeol said, based on the
forecast rest of the week, the summer scarant teaser will be in the top 20 for the coldest
January ever.
Nizaeol working with the National Weather Service Statistical Guru Dave Sage used each
day's average daily temperature, the average of the days high low temperatures, and then
took the monthly average of those daily numbers.
The coldest January in record, the blizzard year 1977, when the average daily January
temperature was a frigid 13.8 degrees.
The warmest was 1932 when the average January temperature was 37.2 degrees.
Oh, my God.
37 is really such a temperature.
There's really such a temperature as 3237.
Sure.
I want to sum of the other great Tampa restaurants that I may have missed out on.
I think you hit most of them.
I did.
Well, there hasn't been that long of a list.
There's burns and down a tello, and then the fast food joints.
Yeah, haven't been back in a while.
I wouldn't have noticed any of the new ones.
Well, why not?
It's not like you're from Rochester like I am, although I can swim across the lake and
go there right now.
I went back several times, but mostly for the food, Don and Bob's.
Long gone.
What else do you go back for?
I mean, I drove past the house where I was grew up for a little kid where I was born.
I drove past the house where I lived when I was like an elementary school.
I drove past the 12 corners there where I used to go and buy my baseball cards and get
my haircut.
I had to add Earl's drugs.
I used to buy the baseball cards.
Did you flip the cards?
Of course.
All right.
Oh, one of the worst days of my life was when I lost my Chicago Cubs Dutch Leonard to
one of my friends.
My friends David Lerimer and Jimmy McGuire.
What a memory.
Boy.
Monroe 577OM in Brighton, New York.
What a memory.
For crap.
Let's see.
Wow.
Well, that was from the reading the article about how cold it's been.
Well, you'd rather be here, Neil.
It's 77 degrees 82 in the shade.
It's beautiful.
The palm trees are swaying and yeah.
Good.
Good luck to you.
If ever there was a place that is proof, absolute proof that weather isn't everything
at South Florida.
Oh, no.
Don't go on another rant that.
It sounded like a grouchy old grouch again.
I don't want to do that.
Cornell says I like the pull, but I think you forgot Hank.
He would win in a runaway.
Bring back Hank.
Bring back Hank.
It says we need more Jews.
We need more Jews.
You're the man.
He'll give me houses.
Our friend Cornell.
Give me hell.
Hank, I ain't coming back.
Here's one from Chris who says I heard our hero yesterday on 640 with me foe, meaning
shannon.
Shannon.
He was talking avocado.
It was no joke.
It was mumbling as always.
I caught him again on Joe show this morning.
Bad real bad.
The spots are tough to listen to with that deep bag whining about his wife Angie and the
kids and those PSAs.
But that's a good time to get a drink of or go take a leaf.
Great show either Flea or George doesn't matter.
So it's the H and David.
Audio like that.
Now, if you were recording the interview, wouldn't you cut that commercial out?
Wouldn't mean by that.
Like, let's say I'm recording the interview that I'm going to play tomorrow.
Why not just cut the last two minutes out with them guys just pimping their product?
No, because that's part of the deal.
Don't you understand?
They won't come on unless you let them pump their plug their stuff.
OK.
Well, you sure for a guy that's been in radio for a long time, you shouldn't understand
what the word horror mean.
Floridians dumb as dirt.
Cloth, cloth, cloth, cloth, cloth, rust, lible with you, my friends.
What the leptos, commy, picophags call the donny of a new generation?
Well, you know what, my supplicants?
I say, good.
Now, you're going to get a chance firsthand to witness all that I've been warning you about.
They want it all bummed?
OK.
They got them.
And today, the market fell at another 300 points.
He's no friend of corporate, my friends.
And that means he's no friend of mine.
Mark my words, my friends.
He's going to plunge us into the dank and dirty darkness of freedom and prosperity.
Yes, my friends.
I'm going to watch you suffer from the comfort of my luxurious mansion in Bomb Beach.
A telly, my friends.
A high tone like that shouldn't be serving in the White House.
He should be serving drinks on a tree.
He he he.
Hey, no, what are you people doing here, my bustling appointment?
I be in that workday room.
Great to ask you all this stuff, pal.
You've got a lead.
You've got to listen.
I'm a clear channel cold and bored.
Well, you've failed.
You've got to come.
Come on, let's go.
No, what the heck you guys?
I am afraid of people.
That's why I'm rarely seen in public, you know.
I am afraid of people.
I am afraid of people.
You hear this?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't cry.
Look at the fear of people.
I am afraid of people.
I finally got on the QM website.
32 left on the certificates for recorseines.
Which isn't that good, but it's, you know, it is what it is.
Yep.
And the really exciting news is we have 495 votes on the pool.
So we're in for 500, wouldn't you think?
Oh, yeah.
Got a maiden to shade.
And I think the other pool had 555.
Wow.
Fred Souter is back.
Wasn't that Shanon that Joe Rose was talking with yesterday when things started depleting over near.
Yes, sounded just like him.
It was him.
Shanon.
Oh, Maria Wilson says easy way to save your money is to visit our drugstore on my black break.
Go away with your, with your craft, with your penis pills.
Sounded just like him.
You asked who it was and said they sounded illiterate.
Couldn't agree more.
He's got to have naked pictures of somebody that still be on television, meaning Shanon.
He's got to be servicing a James Brown, whatever that guy's name is, the host of fat host James Brown.
Yeah.
Yeah, Shannon's terrible.
And he's got a horse face.
Yeah.
495 still on the pool.
I think we're going to make 500.
I don't know.
Maybe not.
Here is an email from Scott.
It says Tampa Bay is the worst.
I wouldn't say it's the worst, but it's sure in the running.
It's not Buffalo, but boys.
See, at least Tampa's got the beaches like that.
Yep.
And they've got the dog track and the horse track and some good restaurants.
Buffalo used to have a couple of good restaurants years ago.
That Polynesian restaurant I was trying to think of.
The chin teaky or whatever it all was.
The Mona Kai.
I think maybe it was the Mona Kai.
I don't know.
It says Flea is lucky he got out of this area.
It's a friggin zoo here right now.
Radio here sucks, even without the beeslees.
I can't even listen to the local stations in my car.
It's CDs and tapes only.
And yes, WMEX was $15.10 on the dial and Boston.
A Newton-Masnative.
Scott and Pinellas Park hoping I'm not a chronic.
No, you're not Scott.
And as bad as Tampa radio is, it's nowhere near as bad as Miami radio.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, boy, that's really something.
Yeah, Miami radio has been really, really bad for a very,
very, very, very long time.
I mean, Chief Channel certainly put the final nails in the coffin.
And then, of course, this company they're really doing a hell of a job since
Jolly Joke showed up in town.
Heck of a job, Joe.
He never responded to my email about that thing and about that conference call
and beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
I responded to him, but he never responded to me.
Maybe he changed his mind.
And 49, maybe they don't want to get like over involved with his show.
Because I found it almost amusing the fact that he showed any interest in this show at all.
Other than screwing it up and interfering with it.
Caution.
Oh, I see somebody's going to give me a definition of whatever that was.
I just hacked on my turkey sandwich through my nose when you said whatever.
Like you'd say, it's 80 degrees.
It's true. You can say nearly anything in esponial or any other tongue on L radio and get away with it.
But he still doesn't think he does.
Oh, I see.
Oh, you shmit on Joyce.
This is the second person using.
So what's wrong with that?
Oh, there's nothing wrong with that.
We can say me or the right.
I don't know.
Sure we can.
What do you mean, no?
Well, if it's offensive to the majority, which the majority of you are afraid of my ass.
Boy, now all of a sudden he's a pseudo intellectual.
I don't know what I don't know what they have to see really is on foreign languages.
Well, anyway, it's true.
You can nearly say anything you should hear some of what has and does go on during some of the morning shows on 92.3 98.3 106.7 107.3.
And it might be market in Spanish slang, of course, at one or another, but to get away with it.
And they're still getting away with similar derogatory colloquialisms going on.
You think what?
What?
You think by now some of the FCC would have some sense, but they don't.
Now that Obama is in hopefully some of the ridiculous smith that went on in the past can be reversed or re-regulated with some sense by putting somebody with some broadcast experience in my dreaming, maybe somebody with a sense of humor would be good.
By the way, I'm appalled if the news of Ken Maldon's departure from QM in such a manner.
F Joe Bell. He's the people of QM. Yes, he is the assassin.
Anyway, back to you, Schmidt on Joyce.
Very nice, spectacular, good going. Say it again.
I really enjoyed the way you said it and repeated it so naturally. Wonderful.
Thanks. I'm not going to keep repeating it.
It's also terrific when you basically thumb your nose at management by saying things like that.
Joyce, vagina, etc. on the year.
Sands regards for their feelings. I don't really give a crap about their feelings so they don't have any.
How can you care about people's feelings when you know they haven't got any?
Our life is directly. Keep up the great work even though it's just a radio show.
I'm glad I was home for lunch and get to listen to you today. Thanks for the last.
High to flee. And Joyce wants a free yoga class.
She can mellow out. It's never too late. Have George give her my number.
Says boomer. Thanks, boomer.
Oh, and here's John in LA with some pseudo intellectual thing about this dog did this in the bank today.
Oh, no, I have time for it.
Pally 501. What?
I was going to say that. Wow. Feet you to it.
Mm hmm.
Take somebody a large sharper than you are to beat me to the opponent.
Because that's all I basically do here is read numbers.
Maria beam. Maria Bartoromo. The fake one says, who is this guy flea?
He sounds like an ice guy and I want to take advantage of this opportunity to ask him a couple of questions.
Flea, are you diversified in the markets?
And are you vested in the broad based indexes?
Wow.
If not today is a great chance to take advantage of this once in a lifetime buying opportunity.
Make sure to invest a large percentage of your annual income into the market for the 2009 Obama bounce regards Maria B.
Oh, yeah, bounce on this honey.
The 2009 bounce.
See, it actually could be the real one because that's what they do on those channels.
They're always selling. They're always peddling because if people stop buying, guess what?
Then they're out of business.
They're out of business.
Well, let's see, already Google dug Williams.
He won a Super Bowl with the redskins. That's true.
Not with the books.
No, he took him to the playoffs in 79. They lost to the to the Rams.
Oh my god, how embarrassing.
Let's take one final look since Maria chimed in.
I forgot to read my computer. It slowed down to a crawl.
Let's take a final look at series. It was hanging right in there at 12 cents earlier than it went down to 11.
And now the moment of truth.
If this thing ever boy, this thing has slowed down to like I just a very slow crawl.
Good. God, I got seven seconds. Six, five, four, three, two.
Like I said, I'll let you know.
It's day in Miami town at five six, oh, WQ.
Here's my story. It's sad.
But true about a girl called Sifle and so had a bargain ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
I shouldn't order from the spot on the left. I didn't know where the U.
But I thought it would always be with you.
So stay away from the Sifle and so have a class I should have seen the signs.
No sense of a friend of mine.
You got infected now I've got you to keep away from the Sifle and so yeah.
Keep away from that girl.
Hope never seen it moved down now.
Keep away from soup.
She likes to see for a while.
Yeah, even did it with my back and how.
We didn't think I thought it could come.
Now I'm afraid of falling off here tomorrow.
I'm throwing it from a guy who knows.
Use the half a hose where this fungus grows.
And scanning through that she ever knew.
I keep away from the Sifle and so yeah.
Keep away from that girl.
I don't know what to do now.
Bye bye bye.
