We are out of time. It's 10 o'clock.
Neil Rogers is coming up next.
The music expressed on the previous programs.
Another corrupt backyard deals.
They're ever any down.
Oh, no.
The music broadcast group.
It's staffed advertisers.
Relaxed, Dave.
Countries.
No need.
The sound floor to sports.
Wait.
5 6 7.
Oh, you.
I am.
I am.
For the London.
Lardons.
No, you don't.
Nobody gives a flying figure about the margins.
You want some games now?
You.
I am.
They came in.
Neil Rogers show.
They feed me a lot.
No, they do that sky box thing sometimes.
Give me some food.
In other counties.
Beer, pre-beer.
Yeah.
I'll think about it.
5 Neil.
Oh, not a pipe to drive downtown there.
AT&T.
No, they'll pick up when we win this.
OK, then.
Dress in the win right.
It's yes.
Or he's a puny jobby driver.
Hot chicks.
In the back.
In the chairmen's.
Can't bring a date.
No, the Neil Rogers.
Then I'll think about it.
5 6.
WQA.
The media is sick and they help the athletes.
8.
Meet up to the bull game.
I want to see the marlins.
I'll have a lot for an eye run beer.
And pay $50 to park my car here.
Took some funds away from education.
Sean to build a new stadium for the dumb.
Buh-buh.
You won't see no car.
Monista ringos at the moon.
Lines.
Game.
You ferry.
OK, 1002 at 560 WQA.
Well, the deal is done.
And I'm not going to get all bent out of shape about it.
How does it affect me?
How does it affect the people in Broward?
Huh?
How does it affect George?
I don't know.
Other than now, you have an opportunity to go to a first class world class stadium for
the Miami Marlins.
U.
Yeah.
Build it and they won't come.
How's that Miami arena doing, by the way?
But I got some great news.
If it's true, John and for a lot of it.
And I think he's a reliable emailer.
Yeah, I already got that report, too.
What?
So you got to email her from me?
No.
From someone you got?
I got to report from like a living person from someone in the building.
Flea and Jesse Agler.
Jesse Agler was listening and was sleeping with the enemy, huh?
I think he got us by report also.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, boys and girls, guess who did the morning show across the street on the ticket this
morning?
Now that the kid is out and they're like, like I said, by committee.
Well, one day we'll try this one.
Jerks did the show.
Come on, Andrew.
Oh, yeah.
From their mouth to God's ass.
Oh, my God.
What a wonderful thing.
Jerks, you think that they couldn't do any lower than send the kids number?
Those ones he did?
Well, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Numbers that start with a, oh, default like numbers, the A numbers that start with a,
oh, and D.A.
is up in the ones now.
He's really making progress at night when you can't hear.
You couldn't hear our signal at night.
If somebody stuck an oozy up your ass, you still couldn't hear the station.
So what do you expect them to get?
Nothing?
Well, don't expect too much from a guy who's on when nobody can hear the station.
I mean, even now, right now as we speak, we're talking to ourselves because it's like,
like that, you know, hey, you starting up again?
Yes.
Jerks did the tickets morning show today.
He says, John, then he says, come on, that's you.
How about that?
Yeah.
That is some of the greatest news.
I thought that they were dumb, but I never realized that anybody could be this dumb as the
losers across the street.
They have like a death wish.
That Howard Davis.
What a bozo.
He must be, huh?
And who's the PD?
Well, you don't know.
I don't know.
You know those guys.
See if Chris Wailen were still with us, I'll keep forgetting to send those checks up.
I mean, if you want to go grab some, you know, some of their audience members, they all
work here and they can tell you all about it.
Right.
Oh, I'm sure.
It's always that way.
In 10 days, wait till 940, wait till that Fox Sports comes back on again.
You think they failed badly the first time?
I mean, see nothing.
Yeah.
Because see these people listening to two radio stations at the same time.
Maybe they can get a special pair of headphones for that.
You know what that reminds me of?
This is like back in the day.
I'm trying to think of what year was in the mid 80s when I was doing nights at W.I.N.Z.
And there was a period of time when there were four talk stations and not sports.
But I mean, just four general talk stations at the same time.
I.O.D., I.N.Z., W.S. News, and GBS.
And what would happen is that all the chronics would call back and forth and stir stuff up.
Oh, I just heard David Gold call you a jackass.
Oh, I just heard Alan Burke say that you're, you know, like that.
Yantus back and forth and oh God.
You just asked me something?
Yes.
Oh, look at that.
George has got, oh, that's right.
It's this Friday, Gulf Stream for George.
Oh, right.
Make you a lot of money this week or maybe not.
Or maybe not, right?
No, man.
Maybe Shirley will bring another bag of money.
Shirley's loaded, I guess.
For me bag, baby.
Surely, Yant.
Yeah.
My, my, my.
I wonder how Theresa is doing.
Theresa Clark.
He's got the hot spring me outside of the fake Theresa.
Yeah.
You're talking to her, John.
We get this Friday, 10 to 2, Gulf Stream Park in Casino and Halondale.
Come by for a great horse racing.
Play a little poker and maybe hit the slots for big money.
Like I did yesterday again.
Oh, I'm on fire at woodbind, man.
I'm flaming on fire.
Fire.
Holy moly.
How do I do it?
Enjoy some great food and drinks while George and he
will get you ready for the Florida Derby this Saturday.
Yeah, there was a quick hit.
I just, I was winning like crazy and I was going to take a leak.
And I stopped today.
Nickel, quick hit machine.
I put in 60 bucks, 320s, which isn't a whole lot of credits
because the nickel machine when you're playing the max is like $10 a pull.
Little rich for your blood, George.
I'll say.
So I put in 60 bucks.
I hit it the button two, three times.
I get the free spins, free games.
So I punch up the little squares and I get 20 plus wild, 25 free games.
Then with a repeat on it, I get 50 free games, 800 bucks.
I just stopped by there like on a lark.
You know what I mean?
I'm just on the way to take a leak and I thought, well, I'll just throw a few bucks in
here and see what happens.
Right.
When it's happening, it happens when you, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's a lot of things.
Life goes in streaks.
Either you got it or you don't got it.
And you can go a long period of time when you got it and then much longer periods of time
when you don't got it.
Here's an email that says so much for letting the taxpayers, citizens have a say in the
stadium in Little Havana for the Marlins as David Hollywood, eh?
Miss Yvonne, Stratford and Tony Romano were arrested less than an hour ago.
This is 509.
Well, I don't know what to do.
The thing was written as they left the David County Board of Commission Chambers.
They were peacefully living at a hearing.
They were leaving a hearing to demonstrate their vote of no confidence in county leaders
as they considered the bad deal to build a new stadium for the Florida Marlins.
The Marlins and it's got a link here.
Where is this from?
See, it would be nice if I knew where this was from because it's got a link.
Take urgent action now and demand the release of Miss Yvonne and Tony.
The process of the city and county cutting a bad deal with Marlins officials has denied
the right of citizens residents to vote on the project from the outset.
Oh, they don't let the public to vote on it because they know where to get beat.
Opposition to the deal has cut across racing class lines and galvanized a call for democracy
and opposition to corporate bailouts at the local level in South Florida.
This is a final attempt by county officials to silence dissent arresting protesters.
Tax paying protesters.
But you want to live there.
You want to live in a banana republic.
You're going to get banana republic activity and justice.
That's what you're going to get.
Crap.
Like the Mickey Irwinner with the mayor of teeny, teeny, teeny weeny and Mickey Irison,
all the other crap that goes on.
And speaking of Mickey Irison, all those cruise ships to nowhere that go out there, I wonder
how they're affected by the slots now.
Do you think that they're getting hit?
I hope.
Probably.
Good.
What a bunch of garbage that is.
No revenue comes into the city to county, the state to the U.S. of A. No revenue comes
in because it's all done out there in the off the, what do they call it?
The limits.
Right.
Offshore.
Outside territorial waters.
Yes.
They take you out there just just to far enough so that they're not in U.S. territory.
Right.
And they can do it differently.
And they hop up all the money and there you go.
Another ripoff.
Oh, we love Mickey Irison and we love the cruise line.
They are great.
I'm real happy for you.
And all those tourists when you go to the airports and you get off a plane from anywhere
and you see some hot shot running around with a big clipboard and rounding up the suckers
that are going to go directly to the cruise ship on a bus.
They're not going to go.
They're not even going to buy a thing of M&M's and a diet coke.
How stupid about M&M's and a diet coke, isn't it?
Like that guy, Buzz Mushroom.
Buzz Mushroom?
Buzz and Mushroom.
They go hand in hand.
Yeah, he worked, I worked with him, it's smelling and smelling back in the day.
In between jobs.
What the hell year was that?
1975 and what I want to say?
And we'd meet across the street before work.
I mean, I was only there like two weeks and then we all walked out on the same day.
The office manager was a crazy person.
I know his name, but I'm not going to put it on here.
But anyway, this fat guy, Buzz Mushroom, he was one of the advisors.
One of the, what do they call him?
Whatever I was.
Consult a fake job getter for people.
Okay.
And so here for us, we go to this diner across the street in Hollywood and we get breakfast
every morning and he would order like off pancakes and waffles and sausage and enough
to feed an elephant.
And then he would say and a small diet drink.
Oh, to this day, I don't understand that.
He would wash it all down with a small diet drink.
Like in his mind, he was doing his best to lose an ounce.
Even though he was eating like 85,000 grams of carbs and 50 million calories and a small
diet drink, Buzz Mushroom.
How do I remember that name?
Because it's a funny name.
It is a funny name.
You're right.
He was a funny guy.
And the guy who ran the office, what a lunatic this guy was.
He was making crank calls to one of the female workers there.
They can crank calls heavy breathing crank calls any caughter in the office one morning.
Susan, have you been getting any crank calls lately?
True story.
I mean, isn't that something you would ask people?
I mean, unless you were making the calls yourself.
Sure.
Would you call flee in there and say, hey, flee, been getting any crank calls lately?
Yeah, I just don't think that's the kind of conversation that he's going to be.
Do you?
No.
Well, you better start.
Start asking and start making the crank calls.
We did it.
Hello, I'm Barbara Billings, Lee of the Flower of Marlins.
I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for $110.
Why that's less than $0.5 for an exciting game of baseball.
He would buy me these, would you?
I mean, we got some players with cool names this season, like Jesus Sanchez, Joe Fence
De Blau, Bad Penny, Ricky Bones, Brother Don Cornelius, and Sister Rose, Ryan Dumsster,
Don Nots, and Nelson B. Helper.
If you show up, I guess I will, too.
Because if you do, then I got to get up.
We did it.
We did it.
We put one over on the public.
This has been going on for years under Wayne and then John Henry.
And finally, the Daring Duo, Jeffrey Lurian, David Samson, pulling over on the public with
the aid and assistance, of course, of the Dunderheads in the Miami City Commission and the
County Commission.
Dunderheads, idiots.
Mr. Dunderback, I was thinking about that just a few days ago in the old Hollywood, not
the Hollywood Fashion Mall.
Hollywood Fashion Mall was the one on the corner of $441, and Hollywood Boulevard, right?
I believe so.
Long since gone.
What was the other mall was on the corner of like Park Avenue and, I don't know, somewhere.
The Hollywood something mall, something, you're right.
And there was a place where they sold the best damn bratwurst, Mr. Dunderdacks.
It was a German, and the guy who owned it was a real.
Dunderhart, Bison, I don't want to say Nazi.
I mean, it was curing it up.
Yeah, I mean, real hard-ass, but it was good.
It was really good.
It's long gone.
I think that mall is long, long gone, 100 years.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yep.
I just don't know.
How come everything is gone?
All the good stuff is gone, and now they just keep building more arenas and stadiums
on every way of the world.
Let's have another stadium.
Let's have another one for the Hurricanes.
Right.
I mean, if the Marlins can have their own stadium, how come the Hurricanes have to play
in Dolphin Stadium and share it with the fish?
Let's build, I mean, they built that on campus, or we need for the basketball team that
nobody goes to.
Just keep building more and more empty stadiums.
Nobody cares.
When is that message going to get across?
The team with the lowest attendance in Major League Baseball, and look what that new stadium
did for the pirates and for the Tigers.
Right.
They're just packet men in Pittsburgh, and the team has certainly progressed to the point
where they almost belong in the Major League.
It's just a joke.
It's a sick joke.
So coming at a time, it's like a slap in the face to the entire populace of Dave County.
Slap in the face.
The thousand down fifty five after yesterday's gigantic, e-bullient, oh boy, you see that
almost 500 points yesterday?
Yeah.
When swimming up there, do you see it?
Nope.
And they're talking some real crap, man.
Oh, this is basically over.
I don't buy any of it.
I don't believe any of it.
I think this whole thing is the biggest scam in the history of mankind.
All of a sudden, everything is beautiful now.
Everything is wonderful, and everybody's got that confidence back in their buying stock,
and buying houses and cars, and the economy's turning around.
Based on what?
How is it that everybody was broke a week ago, and not everybody's got money?
I don't know.
Can you explain that to me?
I agree with you.
I think it's a scam.
Just like to think with a gas pressure, where they manipulate this crap.
10 days ago, oil was 33 bucks a barrel.
Now it's like 51 or 52 bucks, or whatever it is.
Based on what?
Based on the fact that the ragheads cut production again?
Oh, well, see the ads supply in demand, yeah, right.
How about if a loaf of bread one day was a dime, and the next week was five bucks?
Huh?
Yeah.
How about if a pack of baseball cards was a quarter one day, and the next week was eight bucks?
Yeah.
Normal can't would be really PO, and I'll tell you that in Mr. Rico too, probably.
Let's do a baseball card show right after we do another hockey show.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
So jerks did the morning show across the street this morning.
Oh, man, I've got excitement between my knees.
I mean, that's just, can they possibly really be that stupid?
Oh, we're fine.
I think they are.
I think they're that dumb.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
The main reason I stay with my wife or husband is 694 votes.
I don't have a wife or husband 211. Good.
We're best friends, 126.
I really enjoy his or her company, 88.
That's a good question, 71. They're thinking about it.
I can't afford to leave 65 for the kids, 39.
Great sex, 33.
I'm long gone, baby, 29.
I need a place to live 16.
His or her income 8.
Great cook, 7.
Everything is in his or her name, 1.
Doesn't sound, I don't know.
Doesn't sound too thrilling about the prospects of Miracle Bliss.
I mean, I know George is a big fan of marriage, but nevertheless.
Yeah.
That was on 77.
See, there we go again.
What have I told you about that number?
Every time you look at the TV screen, 77.
I think that's your number.
Oh, there's Tim Geithner on there talking about what an ass clown he is.
The company is insured by AIG in the United States alone, employed one of three, one in three Americans.
AIG directly guarantees over $30 billion of 401K and pension planning.
103 Americans, do you believe that?
No.
That's a freaking lie, okay?
You work for AIG?
Did they, somebody from AIG signed your paycheck?
Listen, I believe this.
That guy should be clubbed and eaten.
Tim Geithner?
Yeah.
Just because he's a crook and he's in bed with Goldman Sachs and all these other great brothers.
Everybody he knows.
Club and eat him.
Club above him.
Club and bum?
Yeah.
And Grace Paul that we got there now is not a bad Paul.
The only problem is that the person who put it together is an idiot.
I don't remember who sent us this Paul.
Of the following,
Huma,
Wait a minute.
Yeah, I did yesterday's Paul.
Who would you least be surprised to learn is a homosexual or lesbian?
And he starts out with Richard Simmons.
I mean, what is that?
It's like saying, what should these would you rather have?
A billion dollars or a terminal cancer or like a big wart on the middle of the general awards?
As in warts new.
I mean, am I right?
Yeah.
It's a fine pole question, but let's take Richard Simmons off of there.
Can you do that or can Eric do it?
I have days.
Get him off of there.
So stupid.
What are we going to put out in John on there?
Of the following,
whom would you be least surprised to learn as a homosexual or lesbian?
Also the wording of that is just so freaking ponderous, although it does take some good time up.
108 two votes.
Although, let's, how are you going to get rid of Richard Simmons?
I send Eric a little note in the chat thing and then he does magic.
Yeah, get him off of there.
And I even read in his number.
Mancolder 27, Charlie Chris 20.
Hey, Charlie, you're a Limpress governor, Charlie Christ, who isn't fooling many.
I don't think.
Well, he's fooling just enough.
Tom Cruise, Tommy 16, Ryan Sequest 10, John Revolta 9.
Oh, take that picture down there.
Neal, take it.
No, we're not going to take it down.
I'm going to leave it up forever till I croak.
What's going to happen to our website after I croak?
Are you going to take it over?
Yeah, it'll become a Neil Rogers tribute website.
There you go.
With a tombstone and the whole thing, RIP, oh, baby, I like it.
John Revolta 9, Jeff Garthea 7.
Doesn't anybody want fresh breath?
What?
You don't ever even see that?
No, but that's funny how you do that.
It's a, it's a clip from a football game where he's just up on the sidelines with his teammates
and offering anybody want to gum?
Nobody, nobody want fresh breath?
I mean, come on, Jeff.
Whooppy Goldberg 6, Oprah Winfrey 6.
Big fat bulldog, I think.
She's got Stedman though.
Well, what do you call a male beard?
Good question.
Well, somebody will know.
Swilor McClinton 4.
Venus Williams 3.
She's a manly tennis player.
Very man-to-low 3.
Brian Andrews 2.
Brian Andrews.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey, Brian.
You're fair.
Lou Pearlman 2.
He was a big papa.
Big, what would Big Daddy?
What was his nickname?
Big papa.
Big papa.
He was the agent for the Backstreet Boys, the Backdoor Boys, all those boys.
O-town, remember O-town?
Yeah.
Lou Pearlman 2.
Zach Efron 1.
And Brian Craig 1.
184.
I mean, there's some people on there.
Nobody ever heard of it.
But that's okay.
But just get Richie Simmons off of their police.
Pretty pleased.
He's gone.
The pole is down while Eric is readjusting.
So that cuts the total number of votes out.
But it's just silly having him on there.
Indeed.
I mean, some of you people come up with pretty good poles, and we appreciate that.
But, you know, the choices you put on there, first of all, the wording of the pole,
sometimes it's really cumbersome and ponderous like this one.
And then the choices that are on there sometimes really suck.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
The fine out of pole building.
We ought to have a seminar on that.
Yep.
Pole building.
Whatever happened to that guy, even when we were taking calls there for the last a few times.
He vanished.
Pole building is boring.
Remember him?
I'll be sure he's out there still.
He used to call a million times.
Not that that's unusual, but.
Pole building is boring.
Pole building is boring.
1026 and 560 WQM.
What do we got on the schedule?
Big O at 2, Mad Dog at Chulestake 2 at 4, Dolphin 9 at 7, DA 8 to 11, a very pristine and
clean schedule.
Holy Makin'ah!
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neal God!
How about that Ray Whitney, huh?
My buddy.
Ray.
Two ready, three, two ready, four hours a day.
I'm gonna be your fan, dear.
I can't believe the things that you say.
I'm gonna be offended.
Even if it's a visit, Joe, this meant you went to take.
Listen, listen, listen.
I'm going to complain.
Don't care if it is stupid.
Don't care if it's insane.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Two ready, twenty-twenty-four hours a day.
I'm gonna be offended.
You're in the rich village in the fall, but about a gay.
It's time to be offended.
Gonna get you fired.
Cross your back to no.
You look at, look at, look at my hair's gonna explode.
It's so much time to stop it.
Go test it and just show.
Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way.
I'm gonna be offended.
Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way.
I'm gonna be offended.
Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way.
I'm gonna be offended.
Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way.
I'm gonna be offended.
So speaking of that, man, that sounds like the penguin, Burgess Meredith.
Right?
Yep.
Maybe Burgess Meredith spent some time in Florida.
That's probably where he got it from.
One thing you got to say about the popularity of that series is that all those big name actors,
Milton Burle and Vincent Price and Burgess Meredith,
they all agreed to do, you know, what's his name?
Frank Gorshin?
Yep.
The Diddler?
That was it?
They were all on there.
That was down 95 points in Ben Bernanke, you're saying, but I don't believe any of it.
Right.
Neither.
I think there's selling a dog and pony show to the public all around the world,
Alexa, which has never been invented before.
Well, these toxic loans,
all of a sudden one day we woke up and nobody could really afford to buy a house.
Every loan was a bad loan.
Every mortgage was a bogus one.
Everyone, not just most of them, just all of them.
All of them.
And nobody had any more money.
All of a sudden everybody woke up and couldn't afford to put gas in their tank.
Well, I can understand that.
After Bush and his Saudi buddies, Dan, their bankrupted the whole world just trying to fill up the tank.
Thanks a lot, Mr. President.
That kid sure disappeared fast, didn't he?
Yeah.
Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for the low gas prices and killing all those people in Iraq, right?
Here is one that will just make this will make your rectum tingle when you hear this.
Really?
Well, from the fake Tom Jicke, but nevertheless,
WFTL Station Manager Steve Lapid defended his station,
but admitted things have changed.
You invested in local programming and local programming isn't getting the ratings we would like.
He said, what do you do?
The audience told us it didn't work.
The audience told us they want a national conversation.
What I would hop out of that is you are such a moron Steve Lapid.
What's the local programming did they tell you?
Yeah, local programming didn't work.
So put on some syndicated crap, a national conversation.
Well, this is an excuse for putting on national crap,
opening up a pot and putting on sports, some sports network.
Kent, one of the stations out, Cass doesn't agree.
Oh, no, this is from Noran Norma Kent.
See, every time I hear something about him or from him,
it's not, it's got nothing to do with me.
Right.
It's his legal blog and it's a gay liberal attorney who says WFTL's
failure stems more from a lack of vision and poor management decisions and ratings.
The station is hemorrhaging money at every level, says Kent,
who is starting a new weekend show on 1470 AM.
Oh, no, with Mr. Ego there, I might not make believe station, I believe.
Starting a new weekend show.
So there's slot again, oh, maybe he made that deal with a jolly Joe,
we own that station by the way.
Do you know that bees, the owns that WWNNNNNNNN, we own that?
No.
Well, we do.
So that's probably what he had lunch with Joe Bell about getting his own show
in any background here.
He don't give a crap about me.
Well, guess what?
I don't give a crap about paying you any money either, Norma, you idiot.
He's starting a new weekend show on 1470 AM.
So there's slot again syndicated hosts for normal amounts of money.
It's the cheaper, easier way out.
Lafayette counters that the station still has the best local news shows in the morning
and pointed it none other than Mitchell is a star in that regard.
Who's Mitchell?
I don't know.
Kelly Mitchell?
She's being pushed, will not push, she'll have a position in the morning.
And when these huge news events happen, she'll spearhead the operation.
And we tell you her the last sentence of this, this, this will, this will set your ass free.
Wow.
Lafayette is considering a spot for Sid Rosenberg for 640 WFTL.
All the losers shuffling around.
And of course, if Sid had a one something on the station with a signal,
you can just imagine what he can do over there on 640 with no signal.
He can duplicate depots, point something.
Wow.
Steve Lafayette, knit with.
And of course him and Norma can't birds of a feather can fabulate together.
Norma's about to start a new morning show.
Oh, my God.
The absolute worst swill in the history of Pope E. Janko, look what I got.
That's all I can say.
So last night, the dust mites were attacking again, chewing me up.
Wow.
So I went online.
If you want to see something really disgusting and gross.
Have you ever looked at that picture that really blow it up a billion times of dust mites crawling around?
No question.
And you're sleeping.
They're in your mattress.
They're in your pillow.
They're in your mattress.
Their feces are in your pillow and in your mattress.
Their feces.
The feces of the species.
That's right.
That's the really bad crap.
That's what's really bad for you.
That's why a lot of people get asthma from dust mites.
Right.
Now how do we get rid of them?
Not sure.
Steve, I'm dry.
Why?
I don't know.
Steve, clean your mattress.
Get a new mattress.
Get a new bedding.
Get a new everything.
Get a new mattress.
Listen, I'm talking about my ass over here.
I have no idea.
You are talking about your ass.
Get a new mattress.
And they'll be right back in that new mattress.
You can easily shake two lamestails.
That was down 100 points.
Well, no big deal.
Then, Branky is pontificating about AIG.
The value of the businesses that must be sold to repay the government's assistance.
I heard that four out of every three people are working in America work for a company that's owned or operated or an
business with AIG.
Five out of every two.
Jackie says, good morning, you'll enjoy it.
Yes, that was the Hollywood Fashion Mall.
At 441 Hollywood Boulevard across from Lums.
The mall down Hollywood Boulevard toward the circles was the Hollywood Mall.
Remember, the Sears there had the candy counter.
I don't remember the candy counter.
I remember Sears.
That's when Sears was the place to go, too.
You're right.
All the good stuff is gone.
And once it's gone, Jackie, don't come back.
Once it's gone, it's gone.
Am I right?
Yep.
Raoul says, can you explain why Dreamfield's post is better for you than the other post that sells for 40% or less?
Muller's post has got the same ingredients, also states in the back of the box that pasta only has a moderate effect on blood sugar.
That is an absolute lie and is a good carve.
That is bullcrap.
Regular post sends you blood sugar skyrocketing.
It turns to sugar as soon as your body starts to digest.
What are you talking about, Raoul?
Are we just paying extra for Dreamfield's marketing?
I don't know because I don't buy it.
I did it for a while.
I was all whipped up about that and then I stopped buying it.
Just asking, says Raoul, who's a real Ojan Prabhakatur.
Pasta, pasta only has a moderate effect on blood sugar.
That would be like if they put that on a candy bar.
It said, oh candy only has a moderate effect on blood sugar.
Go ahead, Raoul.
Kill yourself.
Get it!
Go ahead.
40%.
I mean, how much of a pasta cost in the first place?
I know everybody's pertained to be a schlepper now, but come on.
Hey, schlepper key.
Go out and buy whatever you want.
I'm not here peddling Dreamfield's pasta.
Remember I got accused of, oh, he must be getting smeared for that.
I never got smeared for anything.
Unfortunately, I wish I had the opportunity, but nobody ever offered to.
Only Larry Kent, though, at INZ.
Remember I told you that story?
Yeah.
It caused me in one of those sales offices one night before my show.
It looks at me.
It says, need some money.
And I looked at him.
He holds up three fingers, 300.
To put some guests, some quack guests on here.
He was putting guests on who were paying him under the table.
Isn't that great?
Awesome.
I said, no thanks.
Big fat Larry Kent.
He's been dead a long time now.
Lee, that was the guy's name.
And the old guy that used to call him all the time.
That bag, that near Roger's, that's a bag.
Lee, Lee, calm down Lee.
And he would let him go on and on.
And in my luck, I would always be in the car listening when Lee would call him.
I used to be a talk show, a talk radio groupie back in those days.
Yeah.
Yeah, when I was in the car, I'd always be listening to, you know, some talk show.
Mike Spindell or Larry Kent or something, you know.
Not anymore.
Got it out of my system.
Thank God.
So, Sid Rosenberg on 640.
Jerks mornings on the ticket.
And I'm telling you, this market is making some real progress, you know what?
Oh, yeah.
Just keep resuffling the deck, man.
And Norma can't with the news show on 1470.
A Norma.
Norma.
You fairy.
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
First you get down on your knees.
Fiddle with your rosaries.
Bow your head with great respect.
And turn your flex, turn your flex, turn your flex.
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the ponte.
If everybody say his own curious, your layers on doing the vinegain ride.
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional.
There the guy who's got religion will tell you if your sins are original.
If it is, try playing it safer.
Drink the wine and chew the wafer.
Two, four, six, eight.
Time to transubstantiate.
So get down upon your knees.
Fiddle with your rosaries.
Bow your head with great respect.
And turn your flex, turn your flex, turn your flex.
Make a cross on your abdomen.
When in Rome do like a Roman, our ve Maria.
She gets good to see you.
Get an exciting start.
You're minding and doing the vinegain ride.
1046.
You know who's not on that poor misdrudge?
Oh, I'm excited.
I'm right up.
Matt Fudge.
Hey, Matt.
You fairy.
Because mancolders leading in, of course, those two are joined at the hip.
Mm-hmm.
So hating.
Fagilas.
Let's see, Fred and Vocus said I made the mistake of having some hope for the Panthers making to playoffs.
But once again, as you said, they were poised to miss the playoffs by a point as usual.
Well, they still got a few games to go.
Nine or ten.
But they keep blowing points, blowing points, blowing points.
They were lucky to get even one point out of that game last night.
Nothing could be finer than to blow it to Carolina.
And they didn't over time.
Ray Whitney, the Panther Killer, did it again, notee.
At a boy, Ray.
What a great little player here's.
Great player of any size.
Great.
Not good.
Great.
Not good enough for the Panther organization though.
He was too small.
Everybody was too, oh, and last night, for whatever reason on my NHL package, they had the audio on the Panther game from the radio.
And not, I mean, the picture was on there, but no Geldy Indonesia's potman.
What was that all about?
I don't know.
And it read the Randy Moore who does the games in a monotone.
Monotone.
And then when the Panther score, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, it just goes absolutely, if you start going through a three by five cards to come up with the same, whatever saying he's going to use, which I forget what it was, but it was pathetic.
But boy.
Living it up a little bit there, read the Randy.
He'd live it up to hockey's an exciting game.
Don't do the game in a monotone or always stick to the zone and blah, blah, blah, oh God.
But leave it to the jerk, the jerks and Turks and whatever crosses the street.
They can destroy anything.
Not that we do a great job with play by play.
Although I will say this, he's better than Jimmy Cifalus.
If I had to compare the two on play by play for X-Jocks, Randy, Randy is a million times better than Jimmy Cifalitic.
Who's another one who also mumbles his way through the game?
It gives it to number 83 and he goes, where's he going?
Oh, in the end, though.
I think that's a touchdown.
Oh, so this Miami arena thing, this baseball stadium in Marlins, whatever the hell it is, it's just more the same.
More the same.
The more things change, the more they stay the same and self-floor.
The more the mistake after mistake, the more the mistake, the more the mistake.
Backdoor deal, the more the deal, the more the public is over and over again.
And where was the leadership of the hero that was screaming yelling against Casino Gamblin?
Remember those days when your buddy Casino Stan was hocking to China and screaming and going on and on and the hero in the sun said,
oh, the evils of gambling and now we got all the slots and all the other stuff and all those things they predicted about rampant crime and the mafia and the people losing their lunch money.
I don't see that going on, do you?
Nope. I don't hear any of those reports.
I mean, sure, occasionally somebody's going to get mugged or something that happens anywhere when people are got money.
Happened at the supermarket for Christ's sakes.
But that's the vacuum of leadership you got and so forth.
You just got a bunch of banana boat idiots and whatever whatever the powers that be pushed through they'll they'll go along with it.
They're pushing and pushing.
The fake joy Reynolds says I believe little George put Ricky Tiki shop to that.
Oh, and by the way, I don't know why I was looking on Twitter for whatever reason because somebody just like on Facebook somebody started to fake the erasure's page on Twitter and on Facebook.
So I just searched for my name on there and here's Mr. Radio with the 610 W.I.D. logo all over it and 8 million the email everyone near Rogers this and near Rogers that blah blah blah near Rogers this and this is a sick whoever this person is is a sick twisted tragic desperate individual a stalker of the worst kind.
Mr. Radio my ass.
I'm sure he'd love to anyway.
Joey Reynolds is Ricky you put Ricky Tiki up to that cost of email.
Even though the email format has been a hit and the audience loves it George hates the emails.
George let the cat out of the bag last week and reveal the hated talk radio WTF George doesn't like the email is because they've got more material in him.
What will George do next expect a cost of email from sudssoon says the fake Joey.
I'm not getting no cost of email from suds that'll be a cold day in hell.
Even at George's urging.
You're urging him?
You're urging or purging?
Yeah I'm purging.
Don't get all psychotic now because of some fake email you were just talking about the Twitter thing.
Yeah and now you're reading emails from these same people.
So see there we go again.
Killed some good time though.
If you say so.
I thought it was marginally interesting or I'm using.
Are you going to get off this crap or that you're on lately about?
I'm going to do the show.
Let me just tell you right now after all these years I'm going to do the show.
I know that way I want to do the show.
I like the way the show is going.
When I leave here at two o'clock every day I feel content.
I feel like I've done the best I can under impossible circumstances and things are going just fine.
When you talk when you used to talk sports and the Cubs games and everything like that you know bird used to throw a tantrum.
I'm not throwing a tantrum but it bores the hell out of me so go ahead.
Go ahead.
Here's one from cool linoxcape.
Now I guess you don't want to hear this one.
Go ahead.
I don't think it's one of the same clowns.
Go ahead.
Oh here's the fake joy Reynolds again.
Give this to flee great five 60 jingles and it's got an attachment.
I just deleted it.
Right.
Is there no doubt that that's the radio?
I don't care who it's from.
When I start getting attachments and links and stuff.
I just delete them.
I don't have time to deal with it.
I've told you that a million times and they just won't stop that I was down 88.
Winning streak is in danger.
Wow.
After almost a 500 point jump yesterday.
What are they expected?
It's going to go up every day.
Does that what they expect?
It says I work for the PR from representing the new Miami Marlin Stadium.
Can we count I need to attend the groundbreaking ceremony in June?
I think it would get some people really excited to see a celebrity of your stature there.
Please contact me so we can make tentative arrangements with regards.
Cool linoxcape.
Marginally weak very weak.
I think that the ones from the fake this one that one are better than that last one there.
There's somebody really trying to be a very hard to be amusing and failing badly desperately.
No question.
Nila use an air purifier that kills mold and dust mites.
Let me know I'll send you the info on the cost about 700 bucks but it works great.
Love the show Jim and Vero.
Yes, send me the info Jim and Vero.
Stay from those ozone things.
It does what?
I said stay away from those ozone things.
Remember we keep getting those every once in a while.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, quackery those ozone generators.
Yeah, I know they stink like crap.
It's because it's poison because ozone is poison.
Yeah, yeah, it kills germs in the air and you and the people right.
Well, he's against rid of the germs though.
Here's one from heath chronic heath.
Who just wants stop.
It's bad enough for your station as the worst signal in the market but I've been trying to stream your show for the past 10 minutes.
It just keeps saying it's buffering.
The money saved on salaries could be put and improving your station's ability to be heard.
I returned my HD radio.
How many scrubs can one station do?
Do we have any of complaints about the streaming today?
Let me let me look now everything.
Everything's fine heath as usual.
You're the one with the problem.
Your problem is life.
Here's one from Ken.
Not necessarily for broadcast quite an explanation of these little bugs in Toronto.
Bed bugs and dust mites.
Well, they're all in my place.
I'll tell you that Ken.
I'll read that later on.
It was a versus exclusive last night.
What you saw was the arena feed and heard Molder's broadcast says Ken.
What does that mean?
A versus exclusive.
Where does that mean?
I don't know what that meant.
Well, versus is a marginal network that televises a bunch of hockey games.
But generally with their own announcers with my camera and a bunch of other goofballs.
I don't understand that.
Why do we want to hear the radio broadcast?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That doesn't explain to me anything.
Idiotic.
Idiotic.
Paul and the Q says the Panthers canes games was supposed to be a national blackout.
But versus decided it was an important game.
Still don't understand their role.
So they picked the plate piece together what we saw last night.
If I hear delivers it out in front of a miss by a week and a half again, I think I'll end it all.
Oh yeah.
Delivers it out in front.
But then again, everybody's a play by play guy now.
Everybody's a sportscaster.
And of course when you've got 6,000 sports agents, you need a lot of sportscasters, right?
A lot of x-jocks, a lot of executives, a lot of fired coaches.
Everybody's a broadcaster.
Here's one that says I'm flabbergasted.
This is a disaster waiting to happen.
It's going to be a novelty item.
People will go to see it, meaning the new stadium.
They will not get the fan base on a consistent level.
No kidding.
No kidding.
And you want to know why?
Because nobody cares.
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen.
Nobody cares about the Marlins with or without a domed stadium.
Paul says the stream be fine.
Yeah, that heath candy bar.
He's an idiot.
Probably one of those people you're talking about that you really like poison and wish you would die or work a death.
Yeah.
Heath.
Y'all are.
Maybe it's heath ledger.
Y'all.
Emailing from the other side.
What do you think?
It'd be.
I doubt it.
We always got along great.
Oh, that's true.
Oh, you're kidding.
This is the Neal Roger show.
What do you do?
This is your dream.
Who's your third toy?
Any questions?
Many, many fool.
I can sell to you.
It's a phone number.
I don't want to hold on to.
I guarantee with this number you will get lots of calls.
So why does number is driving me up the wall?
Please, bit on this phone number.
Please, make it yours not mine.
I'm glad it will.
This is the number.
It's 8.7509.
It's 6.7509.
Use PayPal or a check is fine.
I pay with PayPal or a check is fine.
Oh, you know, you better run in his fleet there today.
Yes.
You better run in there and ask him if he's if it's the real fleet 560.
It's his picture on Twitter.
Okay.
I'm a WQM and ready to take on the day.
Congrats to the Florida Marlins for getting the vote for the stadium.
I hope that it works out.
You want me to go and ask him now?
Yeah, go and ask him right now.
If that's the real fleet on the real Twitter.
Because it makes me titter when I see him on Twitter.
Congrats to the Marlins on the new stadium.
I mean, this is supposedly a guy with an IQ larger than his unit.
Bob says, I think what he does referring to is the streaming on his...
iPhone app.
I've tried listening to radio station on the iPhone app.
It has not worked.
It's consistent.
It is on constant buffering.
WQM has a lot of buffers.
That is cute.
So we ever figure out who shot MoGreen?
No, but that is the real fleet on the...
Right, yeah, buffer.
It's family on a lot of buffers.
Yeah.
Stop suffering.
Take buffer.
The family had a lot of buffers.
Oh, heath is back again.
I use iPhone application.
Wondered radio to stream you.
Does anyone in your audience have another one?
Love the emails.
Tell George to stop his negativity.
Your time left on earth is precious.
Heath led you.
Ha ha ha ha.
See now, heath is finally shaping up.
You did...
I don't know what happened to you.
I mean, you just...
Nothing.
Nothing happened to me.
What happened to you?
Well, tell me.
You're reading emails from people that you would never take calls from.
Right.
That's right.
Because I don't have to hear the sound of their voice.
They're annoying.
And at least there's different stuff on here.
They're all different as opposed to...
Oh.
I'm your friend four million times a day.
You hear a different...
George is gay.
You hear a different...
You hear a difference because I don't.
You don't?
No.
I hear the same crap...
You like to come out?
Whether it's coming out of their mouths or your mouths.
I don't like radio chronics.
A wise old man taught me that a long time ago.
Oh my God.
I'm just gonna...
Marty says the game was not broadcast on FOX.
I don't think it was broadcast in the Carolina market.
Direct TV...
Carey the game on a hockey package.
I'm guessing these...
The radio feed...
And the arena feed combined...
And make up the game that was on last...
And I guess so.
They created it.
They created the telecasts just to make sure we could see...
Ray Whitney scored the winning goal in overtime.
And the Panthers blow another point.
They knew they had one point but they should.
They needed the two.
They needed the pair and they keep doing this over and over and over again
They should kiss the ground and Montreal their gold tending is so bad they couldn't step a bowling ball from six inches away
From six six hundred yards away
You're on the borderline Roger says Jimmy syphilis. I heard you rip me again this morning
What you're doing is highly unprofessional. They're discrediting my name. You were a jackass of the lowest form
Just wait until I get Joe Bell and Bruce Beasley's ear
You were the reason Cox lost it offens in history may repeat itself Rick Shaw and Johnny Darker right about you
I'll write Jimmy syphilis. Thank you so much
The fake Greg butyl says I'm not the real Greg butyl where does that clip you've very come from?
I'm usually good with drops from movies or TVs can't play stand one. Well, we're not gonna tell you
Also think it was funny. We're doing oh my god years before the oh my god. You see everywhere
What love you? I have to first of all this is Chris Baker. Oh my god. That was his one drop in my love
We're in over when he was an I would be on the weekend. Oh my god. That was it. And then we had the old lady
I don't remember where she came from where where did she come from? I think that's a Rick and suds drop
Was it really I think so yeah, wow
I'll tell you another Rick and suds drop
Since they're not on the year right more and this one too. Yeah
And
Don't forget oh that's her yeah and these people are keeping us a song in advance
Oh, you Randy in the afternoon Randy is not gonna be on this station. Don't you understand? This is not a political I mean
What's the point?
These are the this is the crowd that's living in the past that wants to go back and resurrect the IOD days and they're gone
Just like Mr. Dunderdex once he's gone. He ain't coming back. He's not gonna come back and reopen tomorrow
Once they're gone. They're gone
God
There's Tim Geithner getting raked over businesses and and deserve a re so to credit
That is the central obligation and purpose of this authority and if you look what we've done over the last several weeks
You can see we move quickly to put in place very substantial measures to help address the housing crisis
You're seeing the actions of the Fed and the Treasury together bring dogs down 84 point. I think I just said that did I?
Yep, worked for Rick Riley really well speaking of them. Oh
Here's a hot mark
Did you hear Jackson this morning? He's gonna fill in a few more times while he'd have home games, but he is
One of the main contenders for the morning slot. I
Think it's chopped off. I'm hoping that's what it says
All the people being considered are locals. Sorry. I need to mark some crystal Fernandez
It's really too bad because I wouldn't mind getting a sniff of those orifices around this office
Hey George check out crystal Fernandez picture on Facebook not a face for radio
Why don't we start sharing cost equipment and building since we share so much already and stop the charade of being radio competitors
We're practically sharing the honor your town already
That we're playing the library game of musical chairs. I think the last part is more like a musical chair
Yeah, that's an excellent point what one is well stopped acting like two different radio stations
We've got interchange your host you hostile in the sour this morning, but mean I'm agreeing with one of the
Faced email sourpods kids
I
Never ate that. That's a candy. I've never what's that sour what sour patch kids
They're like gum. It's like gummy. Yeah, you know gummy bears gummy. Yeah, I don't like them
And just sticks to your teeth and it just pulls your feelings out in your cap. Yeah, exactly
Oh, that reminds me next Tuesday. I gotta go with my teeth clean. Geez
We from today keep keep that in mind 3 p.m. We from today. I got a dentist
I
Don't think I'm ready to do for it, but they just he just keeps calling and calling she's persisting, you know, they're drumming up business right
You can add paca gov and Eric a week or two ago that she kept bugging him. Oh, yeah, okay, so he went over and had his teeth cleaned again
Of the following whom would you be least surprised to learn is homosexual or lesbian
man-corder 43
Charlie Chris 34 Tom Cruise 28 screamer
Ryan C. Chris 17 John Revolta 16
Flamer
Very mantel of 13 will be goldberg 10 Oprah Winfrey 10 Hillary Clinton eight Jeff Garcia 7
Doesn't anybody want fresh breath?
I've got a little chuckle audio that you're surly very surly. No, I'm not you must be that bad situation at home
No, maybe it's because they aren't gonna get you that car. No, no, no, it's not
It's not what no no, it's that you're reading emails from the guy with the eyes on I don't care. I know you don't
I'm gonna continue but go ahead have a good time
Maybe you can go out with Rick Shaw and have dinner this weekend. I'm not advocating the phone
You can come as you're advocating them. What are you advocating? What are you saying? You're reading?
You're ripping the Twitter thing and you're reaping ripping the Facebook thing, but then you read the same crap in
The email form. It's the same crap written by the same people saying the same things. No, it is not okay
Have you read the Twitter crap? You read it to me. It's different crap. You better learn your crap
Yeah, because you sure don't like the rich kind of would sell it
You don't know your crap trust me Jeff Garthea 7 Venus William 6 Brian Andrews to a little Brian
Zach Efron 2
What's the big deal with him by the way? He's really marginal human being. I don't know who that is
Luke Proman 2 Brian Craig 1 and Matt Fudge don't have any out of sight out of mind
Nobody nobody with a brain would read the fudge report anymore
203 votes on the pull now math fudge finally got one
Hey, Matt you fairy screamer
Whatever happened to Lynn Samuels. She stole life. You don't have a story out her in a long time. Not even
Yeah
Whatever happened to old in
Out of sight out of mind she showed up in pizza love sure to twice with Matt
Talk about a fag hagg. Oh my see and in the beginning
I was like impressed by the fact that she liked the show and she liked me and then I realized that the only reason she liked me is because I'm a fag
What does it does it count like if you're a lesbian to be a fag hagg or is that redundant or all lesbians fag haggs automatically?
Oh, and let me tell you what what the movie was I watching I wasn't watching it
But I was channel surfing it was with Montgomery Cliffs speaking of our queens and Liz Taylor
I'm thinking maybe that's when she started that whole
Fag loving
First of all she became the number one fag hagg in the world is Taylor. Is that the one where they eat him?
No, that was the suddenly last summer
different one
With Montgomery light bulb head Clifte. Yes, mm-hmm
What was this thread with him he must have been sleeping with the right people because boy you sure couldn't act
He was no and he was ugly. He was ugly and bad and
Unappealing and just look like a alien
Alien yeah, I say Leon doing a getting a happy meal every day. Let's hear it for alien. He's getting his commie meal
Let's see Todd says we called it the Hollywood series mall back in the day now it's anchored by Target and publics
And the big developer Michael Swartlow has his offices in there. Oh
You know who that is Michael Swartlow I've heard the day
I never heard of I think he's on built memorial hospital as a rehab gym and they're also
So not a useless health like the fashion center is they try to create something called the millennium mall there
Right looks like a location for a zombie movie that's why Hollywood for you a south-broward toilet. Oh
My mom used to live in West Hollywood actually Hollywood was on one side of the street on sterling road and the other side was David
Did you know that I do know where she lived was Hollywood and across the street on the other side of sterling road is Davy
Now how how is that possible I guess there's got to be a line somewhere that's right
And they saw that my lab with the people in Davy saw where mom lived they said well we're drawn to line right at that no that's out of the road
Poor mom she's still dead by the way
Yeah, she doesn't call anymore. No nothing, but she hunts you and you just he does not you just ignore her. She's haunting
She's fetching no she does not harm you at all. No
Not in the least can't wait for my mom to start haunting me
Oh, you're bad. No, not I mean all the things that I said about my mother over the years but I never said that I can't wait for the croak
Oh, that's just that's unbelievable anybody would say that about their mom you only have one mother uh-huh
More than I want I know
You can pick your nose and pick your ass, but you sure can't pick your relatives
Me on God and the 1990s stories linked to the press revealed that for years Catholic priests were molesting young boys
Families were paid off priests were transferred to other parishes, but nothing worked short of allowing a priest to get married
On orders from Pope Jocular the Vatican does batch the group of high-level bishops to investigate these isolated incidents
If you know of an ultra-boy that's being altered maybe you can hire the VT
For the party to your father
I'm a bishop gene. I wasn't expecting you here eminence
Aligning the poem I need to pull your pants up bother. Let's just see what you got behind this
Oh wait, wait your eminence out there nothing is there, but some old Bob Eucharist
Only for concern then let's just take a look at what's behind the door shall we
Oh
You fairy 1118 at 560 wq. I'm happy Tuesday to you got the uh they owe it to oh
You excited you're just sour man. Sorry. You're a spot problem. You have a what a spot problem with what
With a spot that's uh not there that's supposed to be your wrong or something
And you getting all excited about it? No, I worked up about it. I was on the phone with holiday trying to deal with it with who?
holiday DJ holiday
The producer DJ holiday who the hell is that the production director?
We know that we don't see no since we don't have chris and we don't have time. Right. There's a if there's a spot problem
You know that's my job. I gotta deal with that. So really? Oh, yeah
And it came the extra for that
So what did flea say about that Twitter that sent my told you oh
Oh
And you're giving me grief
I don't understand the comparison if you could read the swill
That he has written on there including that entry today about oh and uh
Congratulations to the marlin well, what does he need to suck up to the marlins for we don't even have their games on his station anymore. Thank God
What need what need does he have to suck the marlins ass? I don't know. I don't know. Would you do that? No
Would I do that? No, but anybody with a conscience and self respect do that no way
Flea you're just I don't know what happened to you. Maybe he just had a bad bullet grits this morning
Or something that rhymes with it maybe had some badge shmits
Or maybe he drinks some badge slits all the way does have something on some beer he drank on there
I just don't understand this the need for people to go on these uh things Facebook
Although Facebook they don't do that and neither my space but Twitter is like an ongoing uh like run down
There's a long you can do both of those things on both of those places
But people generally don't do that. I don't know about Facebook. I don't see it because I don't got it. I'm not on it
But Twitter makes me titter
I'm sorry previous question the choices we face were very constrained by the fact that these were legal contracts
And we're a nation of laws and we have to be very a nation of laws my answer
Crooks is what you all are a nation of laws is that is that a joke or what yes this guy doing a sit-down comedy routine Tim Geithner or what
And let me say it again all the
billions and billions and billions maybe a trillion dollars been flushed on the toilet in Iraq
On an illegal invasion not even a war an illegal invasion all these dead people four thousand plus american soldiers hundreds of thousands of dead
Iraqis we liberated them by killing them and
The public didn't you know, uh, but to me put a boop at a bop we don't know
And the bushes making jokes about no weapons over here no weapons over there and big joke all these dead people
But the bottom line is that the american public is a bunch of there are a bunch of monkeys
They're led by the media whatever the media tells them to get all bent out of shape about like alien
There was a classic example. Oh, yeah
And in South Florida my god forget about it
It's either Cuba or israel or whatever Sri Lanka. Oh, that's here. Oh Sri Lanka. They're upset by that there obsessed
I told you there was a we can go. Oh, yeah, yeah, there was a huge big protest of Sri Lankan town
My dreams and all that yeah, Detroit Tigers, Tammeltaggers, Tallahassee Tigers
All in the streets marching and protesting and blocking off major downtown streets and causing all kinds of tourists and grief
And you couldn't drive here and you couldn't do this the hell with that crap already. Okay, just let us leave our lives like howard
Beale said let us to leave us alone with our pop-up toaster and our steel-belded radios and our bricks screen TVs
And then that's it just leave us alone
Leave Brittany alone too wide or at least pretty alone
Mary says mr. Dunderback she's got it the spelled in it is still alive and well
There's one in Greensboro North Carolina in the mall great food same tacky atmosphere
Says Mary well. Thanks, Murray. There's one in Greensboro. You ever been Greensboro? Yep. They got some Jews there do that in Raleigh. Oh, oh,
Oh, sure tell anybody
They got lots of Jews. Who's the guy Harry Golden the writer who used to be from my North Carolina or lived there or something
Remember Harry Golden he's dead. No actually I knew a few Jews in North Carolina
So did you really my the first one I ever met that what identified himself as such was in North Carolina
Wow our scoutmaster great guy awesome guy
He was Jewish a scout master mm-hmm
Yeah, I know God. I'm not gonna say anything. It was a great guy. I'm not touching that a wonder hopefully he is neither wonderful human being never touch me
Now how do you know him how did I know him?
Our scout master and just and just going time okay
The rights says tell George Bill to get his fat ass in line before the date County Commission to get some of the free money
They passed out but a beep but a booby you already sent me that before Mike see like I said if I don't read it right away
They got to send it again
They got to send it again
Listen and Palm Beach is the thing I dislike about Jason Jackson jerks is that he's always on
I feel like he's trying to sum me a car
I'd rather listen to Sid who was kind of funny in an obnoxious way
I don't know how people listen to a bastard either. He's constantly arguing with stew gots
Uh about some point that you can't prove one way or another and they go on and on for 20 minutes about it
Also hate this stuff like fake so-and-so-and-so-being interviewed
Terminal looks like Dave County bought themselves another white elephant when this is just a rambling
From Mike in Palm Beach. He says he were discussing B size yesterday
Unchained melody by the righteous Brothers was the B side hung on you was the a sabba did not the
But DJs didn't like it flip it over and serve playing on chain melody
I read that Phil Spector was the producer started calling DJs and threatening them for playing the B side
He started threatening the DJ who's gonna
Make him an offer they could have felt like Spector whatever happened with him by the way the uh it was like a missed trial
Or something like that and I don't uh, I don't know what the latest is on that really which is sad because he shot my girl
Hey shot your girl Lennon Clarkson. Yeah, oh be movie queen and now you won't listen any of his music. Yeah, I hate it
Even the runettes. That's right. You got the runettes be my baby. That's a good song. I'm gonna write up it is
That's the wall of sound Phil Spector, baby the wall of sound whatever the hell that means
The wall of sound my ass
I'll bet it is
Didn't get any response by the way from Ricky Tiki Shaw he'll be back on my space again in about a year
Didn't get any response to my
Reaction to his email
Hear me a song dance about how to do the show. Oh, let's meet halfway
Wow, that was good and it was really good because I couldn't hear it at all good job
Excellent talk. I mean then he chops it right off
What you want more sure? It's a great song. All right. Okay. That's enough
Oh
Remember all that's crap about oh when is QA I'm going music going back to oldies all the other than that
I would agree with you about that was just all swill
The heavy duty great butel garbage
First of all nobody in the world except for Joe Bell nobody cares gives a flying fart about Greg butel nobody
I mean nobody
And
And that all that stuff about going to serious and all that garbage in Norma calling this one. Oh my and Norma's getting his own show again
She's getting the show on 1470 on the weekend
She's gonna be a radio star. Maybe a baseball card show would be good. Norma
I'm gonna podcast that
Here's one from ida
Speaking of Lynn Samuels. I heard around serious left talking bad about Obama
She's a swirly old nasty bitch
I'll be glad when serious goes out of business and that bitch will be on the street have a wonderful day
PS George Estabora
But a kuah take here take this is spelled wrong Estabora equa
Estabora equa take care a moor kill you i re
Kire mocho. It's supposed to be Kire mocho. Yeah. Is it all right? The other? Thank you. I know how to spell Kire get with it ida manda no
What that's that send a picture?
Chauy says replace George with flea George is a mouth contented once his own show George is not a radio person flea is
How much if flea is the uh fake-tua reno
Were you grudge back in
Okay, I interrupt this for a second closing arguments of the new Phil Spectre trial began yesterday
Oh, thank you
Hey guys got your back remember that because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked back
The fetish held by me fag i got lots facial hair vanilla
That'll make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy lifestyle like Joe stop your game
Joe can start being violent because you might get a taste of homosexual violence
We don't play your butt my target like a dog in a serotoner
You mark it when you see us with a ray band bomb or just buying the parts that we want to get our hands on
We are the fag
We're the fag that's her
Don't you forget
We are the fag really all kind of hard to swallow
Resume
Let me see it just prance with me just prance with me now slide. Oh right there. Let me see you do some waste then
Oh perfect make wrist limp
That's it baby just
Whoa, I want to challenge mr. Ego right here and now I'm gonna wipe it on
Faggery and
Whether whether it's good whether it's good or bad that's right. I have a moist towel. Hey
Oh
More things change the more they're saying we're gonna have jerks across the street in the morning
Hey
I know I miss them
Do you really you stuck are you taking a shot at the big oh no not at all but we used to be able to you know have a lot of good bits from
Rock solid well
We got a couple of bits on the big oh not too many though. Just two and they're they're generic
They're not even about him. They're just about sports talk in general. No, they're not okay
Now you see you're trying to cushion the blown out. I just got to look at you know. I'm not you're what?
I said no, I'm not
John says now we're gonna have a world-famous stadium in the third world city you got it
Sean
Street's full of potholes and antiquated convention center run down court houses prosecutors taking pay cuts
And most importantly our teachers can't get raises
Not to mention kids are in overcrowded schools, but David Samson and Jeffrey Luria are gonna get plenty of our money in a big new stadium to play in wow
Hope to 600 people enjoy it at everybody else's expense
Hope you could post the commissioners are voted for the stadium come election time
Well, it's in the story. I'll I'll get to the story. I got a lot of stories
Oh, and the Michael Mayo has got a great comedy somebody suggested I read it and I have it in my pile and I am gonna read it if I can find it okay
I think I'm gonna read that right now before anything else Michael Mayo in a Sunsendle they good luck marlins. I'll wait for my couch
Now you're not gonna be upset about this because it's not some stupid email. Oh, you hear they're coming to get you. Uh-oh
The surly squad are coming to get you
You hear it? Yeah
Mike Mayo says the Miami-Dade commission voted to build the marlins. They're a long-awaited stadium on Monday
But I still won't believe it until the shovels hit the dirt
As a few of the more astute public speakers noted there's no guarantee a bond issue can get floated by the July deadline
And today's chaotic economic climate not that I really care
My position on the stadium used to be if Miami-Dade's buying I'm driving or
Better that those rubs pay for this field of schemes than those of us in Broward now. I think if they build it somebody might come just not me
Like many people I know I'm done attending pro sports events
I'd much rather sit at home with a game on my HD TV
Watching replays with my DVR sipping wine that cost less for a full bottle than one lousy beer at the ballpark
In that respect it doesn't matter whether the marlins new playpen is built of the old orange ball near dolphin stadium
We're in my own backyard heck no. I won't go
What they're really uh wild out there you hear them the sirens yeah, I do something's going on
Oh this laugh sports writer still loves his games
I've just had enough of the traffic the $20 park in the six dollar hot dogs and the louts in the stands
Who make me fear for the years of my young daughter?
Maybe I'm just getting older or wiser
The way I see it I'd rather pay my monthly satellite bill for hundreds of games and other entertainment options
The hundreds of dollars for a single-eyed at a stadium
In my mind baseball has become a i g and wall street only with playoffs and championship trophy over here
How else to explain major league baseball commissioner bud cilig and his 18 million dollar salary
How else to explain athletes who get obscene paydays no matter their production athletes who reap the rewards of cheating with steroids
How else to explain the new yankies fan?
I know who's giving up his season tickets his families had for more than 30 years
Because he can't afford the 16 thousand dollar tamper due tickets and the teams who stayed in the season
He paid around seven grand last year selling off the most lucrative games against marquee teams to offset his expenses
Even the upper middle class can't afford this nonsense anymore
But the cohesion is between politicians and pro sports goes on these public-private partnerships to build sports stadiums are the worst kind of corporate welfare
A perverse universe where tax dollars are used to subsidize filthy rich owners and stinking rich players
And no matter how much teams milk from the public they always seem to ask for more
We've already seen this with the panthers arena deal and broard funded mainly by the county bedtags
The revenue sharing arrangement is given nearly all the arena profit to the team
That didn't stop the panthers from coming back to be worked the deal last year when the arenas insurance premiums rose dramatically
County commissioners agreed to assume more risk cutting the team's costs
If date wants to be braver foolish enough to use it shrinking bedtags money on a marlin stadium
And play whatever shell games it needs to make the financing work fine
All I can say is buyer beware
They're all yours, Miami date. I'll wave for my couch says Michael Mayo
Nice going Mike. What's your twice a year like I've always told you he writes something worthwhile
And this is right one of his all-time best nice going
Good to have the balls to tell it exactly like it and I'm like him
Mm-hmm
I could go to leave schemes at the air candidate center
I can afford to go even with a ridiculous price of tickets
I could scout me a couple of tickets here every now and then I don't go
And for the same reasons it sucks
Going to sporting events ain't what it used to be it sucks. It blows it blows
Just rape and rape and rape and everything is overpriced and undervalued and under quality is just garbage
Yeah, so you like it? No, I'm you know like he says you can sit or watch it for free on your TV
Or whatever, you know little little you're paying this part of your cable package or not
Playball Miami date. Okay, Florida, Marlon stated by Charles Rabin and Matthew Hagman in the herald on the front page today
Voting in favor of the stadium where commissioners Dennis Moss Bruno Barreiro
Audrey Edmondson Natasha Sejas
Javier Svoto Barbara Jordan
Dora and Rol Jose Ppidias and Rebecca Sosa Ppidias voted in favor of it
Don't forget about Ppid
In a minority where commissioners Carlos Jimenez Sally Heyman Katie Suarinson and Joe Martinez
Suarinson argued forcefully against spending public money for private enterprise saying trying to make changes to better the deal
Was like putting lipstick on a fish lipstick on a fish
Remember lipstick on your collar by
What's your name Connie Francis Connie Francis is that was that right? That was just guessing yes really
I was just testing on MGM records lipstick on you
Wow
David Samson and every lawyer are saying for the voters of David. Yep
We won the world series
The record
I really had no idea I just said the first name that came to mind Connie Francis you knew I didn't the head you didn't
Where the glamor my man somewhere the glamor yeah here is more sirens man boy. They're going h-mit
Well, this one's a fire truck
Woo
Man so much Sirus and the douse only down 39 points it might just turn around to go green arrow up again today
You never know. I got a lot of Connie Francis in here by the way. Don't ask me
Like what or why you name it
Where the boys are and lipstick on your collar there's only two of come to mind right at the moment
That a lot of hits
Where the boys are you know something
The beginning of that is identical to the beginning of April of my path when I'm not ready
I gotta do the break but after the after the break we're gonna examine the beginning of that is exactly
the same
I gotta go get April love
But he built out a tune or what pat boon
But he sure had something that bathing suit. I had a picture of him naked in a real tight bathing suit
And you could see his religion there man good god
Hey Pat
What do you got there Pat
Dude man nobody likes to get up in the morning, but let's face it party all night sleep all day makes Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker
That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock no one beat beat beat here just gut wrenching high decibel screens from today's top rock artists
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker
Chris Robinson from the black Rose
And for the true comato snooze out there's the who alarm
Oh
Stethis awake you have called the morgue your warm food man studies shows stoked brains respond to the rock and roll alarm clock
Get it now and head bang your way into a new day
Real-time Twitter results for Neil Rogers guesses on the top of the page again right now flee
Okay
3 560 listening Neil Rogers rip me for being on Twitter and for congratulating the marlins on the stadium vote Neil still rocks
Is this man getting paid I was I was belly it can the other day he's not getting paid enough. I think he's getting paid too much
He's twittering all day. Yeah, you're tittering and he's twittering
I'm doing something else, but I can't say it on the air. Yeah, man start with a sh
Okay
Well, aren't we all?
259 votes on this horseball poll
I'm the following whom would you least be surprised to learn is a homosexual or lesbian
mancoater 53
Charlie chris 48 Tommy cruise 35
Very mantelow 23 Ryan Seacrest 21 John Revolta 19. Oh, what are you gonna take that picture down off your website? We're not
Hillary Clinton 13 Wippy Goldberg 11 Oprah Winfrey 10 Jeff Garth thea 8
Venus William 6 Venus who may have a penis
Zac Efron for Brian Craig's got three
Brian Andrews to Lou Pearlman to a met Fudge. She's only got one out of 259
Nobody would suggest Miss Fudge
They wouldn't
Out of sight out of that thing and you know what else I haven't looked at what the drudge retorts. Oh
Forgot all about that. Yeah, so did I I used to get some more good stuff off of that. Let me write that down during the next break
The drudge retort
It's somebody in Florida does that well good
Somebody in the market somebody who listens to the show and occasionally uses some of our cramp
But then again, don't they all yep
Uh, do I really want to read this whole story about the stadium uh past 9 to 4? Oh, I just hit the highlights
There are no highlights. It's only low lights. It's a low lights then
Gloria said that marlin's have an untenable situation at Dolphin stating with little revenue to the team from consentions or parking more sweet sales
The new ball park will have 37,000 seats on their retractable roof with about 60 sweets in new parking facilities
The team hopes to take the field opening day 2012
That means 2009 1011 three more seasons of baking in the sun with 800 1200 people in the stands at Dolphin stadium
The marlins despite their winning ways are consistently among the bottom and baseball and payroll and attendance
Wow and boy, how about that NCAA tournament in Miami? Did that draw a flies or what?
I'll guarantee you the NCAA is going to say it so we're going to be another hundred years before we ever play tournament games in this town again
And again, it's trying to force feed people something they don't want
They don't want it. They're not interested in it
God
It's like doing a baseball card show nobody cares about baseball cards norma
Right
Y'all you care about them. Please. I did when I was a kid that a trick question hundred years ago
When I lost my chuck Leonard card that was that was devastating
Why did I ever flip that card? I only had one
dammit
And the neighborhood kids David Larimer and Jimmy McGuire remember them. I especially remember David Larimer. He was cute
Jimmy McGuire was a pasty Irish kid as you could figure I guess by the name
Well, that doesn't imply and they wait for the Catholic school right across my house. I totally they used to get they used to beat me up
How come you killed Jesus?
So what did they taught them in school that the Jews killed Jesus? So therefore they took it out on me
And I used to tell them I didn't even know the guy leave me alone
How come you killed Jesus? So what did you
How was in a bad mood that probably owed you money? Jew
The only person who owes me money
The only one I can think of at the moment
And before you go could you do one short thing for me
Ha ha ha
Stan major Stan major what do you reckon that is with interest now?
What what do you reckon his debt is with interest? Oh
2030 million
The fake Steve Rodden arrow says neither was called the Hollywood Mall getting back to Mr. Dunderdack again
Most locals called it the Sears Mall
There was a barber shop next to that German restaurant. They had great roast beef and good pickles at the barber shop
Wow and the Woolworths had a restaurant too. What the Woolworths
Woolworths and Cresguis and there was the other five in dime. Nisers. Thank you
Did you have nisers in Florida? I wonder nothing I recall was that sister Rochester thing
I don't remember no nisers and of course Woolworths had those those places had
You know the counters where you could get the sandwich and like ice cream stuff right?
That's soda fountain. Right. A soda is soda fountain. Those are the days man. We get a real hot truck Sunday
A soda jerk you ever have a soda jerk on a sad note. That was the mall Adam was abducted from
So Steve Rodden arrow the newest faker
Steve says if anyone is gets Terrell Owens. Here's a Terrell. I'm sorry. I used to be Terrell now
It's Terrell Owens his demeanor is acting up an emotional outburst all that up
Oh, that's right all of us queens act up and have emotional outbursts
That's right. Don't pick on me. I'm all about your arm flabby as he bitches
What I said you're all about your arm flabby as Terrell Owens on the pole. Sure. Sure go ahead. What?
Go ahead
Boy, it's almost noon already
This has been just a piece of cake today in spite of your surliness and your hostility toward the email
Yeah, let me let me just make a suggestion to you and you can you'll do what you want like it's fine with me
The emails are the way of the future on this show. They are the present and the future unless we suffer some
Grotesque which I can't imagine we could go any lower than we were for a while there
Unless the audience gives us an indication that they just don't want any part of it
It's gonna continue because I enjoy it. I like it keep pretending like you know the one on air there's fake ones
They're exactly exactly
Nan
And I like it that's oh what do you like it? Yeah
Fine
I'm not doing the show to entertain you. I know the classic great shock. I'm not doing that entertain you fine
Or Joe Biden or flee and you want a humor chronics go for it. Yes. I will go ahead
Okay, I'm your permission then yeah my blood. I got inserted right there. I'm gonna forbiscuit forbistum
Joey Reynolds says tell George to quit playing witch boss who died made in PD of the Niel Rogers show
He's been such a surly bastard lately. He belongs with mr. Egos on a rise. Oh, yeah
Nick Lawrence are nerds of a feather exactly what that's coming together what that's exactly where that's coming from
Get out of here mr. Ego
Not necessarily him his crew his little cadre is not Lee crew nobody else mentions
mr. Ego or Brian Craig or except the face radio does that one right exactly mr. Radio
This is becoming accepted over that footage. Oh, I heard Niel Rogers play all you can eat Negro
I heard Neil do this and Neil the or some Neil wipe his ass and oh god
See I don't understand how anybody now you tell me used to used to wonder why I hung up on the chronics
My ass all the time it is you talk about boring and ponderous yeah
Right and scary the same head people saying the same crap over again right
Like what's his name? You know who might be one of these people? What's his name exactly the one it was talking Randy
Right you wanted it you want me to say his name yes, I'll write a ride yeah, right? Okay. I can't relate to that name
Yeah, he's probably one of these because he's he's a professional stalker right
a
person
Although he's still working hard on that Dennis Cassini's campaign. I'm sure of that
This goes as George was that you're my bitch emailer. He's coming out just kidding
Matt is the second time this go center wasn't funny the first time and it sure ain't funny the second time
But never let me over I am frail alien
I'm a
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
Okay, I'm gonna eat the outer
One McGilligan's own father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba
Well, mr. Gonzalez how was your trip very good. Thank you
Do you have any questions before we go any further?
CCC this box with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh?
That's a television
Mr. Lloyd what does why that mean apart on me?
Well, it means what's up like what's going on?
Why
Right, it's a greeting why that now I know that you're uncomfortable being here
This is a very difficult time for you
What is it? Oh this pizza hot stuff crust pizza. He's incredible
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure so as I was saying
I
Was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible
Are you going somewhere sir? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band in sync with my new sonny disman
It's incredible. Yeah, yeah, uh, yes mr. Gonzalez. They are quite incredible, but uh will be meeting with the
Just another play and you're game for two you must say me but eat eight no lie
Bye bye oh god sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you?
Long call I love it here. There's like 300 channels on cable and I can watch all the yanking games, but sir
Mr. Roya. What is it mr. Gonzalez?
Come on two of five sixty wd QM happy Tuesday to the big oh a two mad dog at chulas at four and then after that you're on your own
Remember what I told you about my friend Ken from atopico who I thought was like a rational guy
Ken is another stalker. He's like a a professional neo-rodgers hound you were mentioning that
And over the months he has sent me articles from a hundred years ago that obviously I know about and I've read myself and no
Nobody could care about anymore, but just constantly googling and searching and whatever researching
researching neo-rodgers. What is that all about?
Sounds crazy sends me moments ago the latest on twitter
From mr. Radio 610 sent to flee
You're in good company flee near rips everybody, but he and Howard Stern are still the best in the biz
Says mr. Radio and we still hate you mr. Radio whoever you are like poison isn't interesting
He's got that six 10 w. I. D logo next to mr. Radio 610 right
tragic
tragic
I just want to sit back in the chair and scream
Well there. Go ahead. No. Oh, you'd like that you'd enjoy it
He joined George this Friday and go there and give him a real bitching out
And gelstein park 10 to 2
Come by for great horse racing play a little bit of poker maybe hit the slots for big money
Maybe hit the jackpot at the slot
Plus enjoy some great food and drinks while George and you'll get you ready for the Florida Derby
By the way, let me give you a little piece of advice about the slots. Yes, you'll always ask him me because I'm a chronic slot player
Little piece of advice if you see a machine pay see the people. I told you this couple days ago
People watch other people feed a dead machine and feed and feed and feed and finally get discussed and walk away
And they think they're gonna sit down and get all that money. Well guess what guess what?
seldom happens
What are the odds of you sitting down just at the right time on the computer program decides now it's time to start paying
Minimum to non-existent
But if you see somebody hit like like a wheel of fortune hit a spin for a thousand which I did the other day
And they get up and they leave jump on that machine. It might take a little while
But that's the paying machine mom. That's the jackpot machine
Generally the program to continue paying for quite a while sometimes all days sometimes two days
Jump on the paying machine and avoid the dead machine mind. You're not gonna wake it up even with a crowbar
That's my advice. I wrote it down
You're not gonna go play no slots even when you go to gulps to me. Don't play the slots anymore. No. Well, why not? Well, they're not anywhere near me
Where we sit well, how did you that one time I went for a walk and
And it wasn't anywhere nearest it was you know way across the way there. I'll be doing I have a wireless mic or anything. He saw it
Don't get on the ponies
Haha
George Rodriguez horse racing enthusiast. That's right. I know nothing, but I'm really enthusiastic
Well, I know a little something. I know that we got the result here from the 12th race at the meadows
I know the itself race is coming up
Oh and Timow no
Driving at the meadow
I'm wondering is he the son of Tom Merriman or Jim Merriman Jr
Irrin Merriman he's kicking ass that kick can really drive one and I'll tell you the waltz is kicking ass right
A pompano is Anthony Napolitano at a boy Anthony. I knew you could do it
I told everybody this kid's gonna be a real driver and is uh, what do you know
He's a one of the top drivers in the country percentage wise Anthony Napolitano. You know the Napolitanos. No, I don't well. You better get with it
On this 15 what is your have a lot of races at the meadows so Roger Houston can scream and puke and ride the meadows
As they come around the durn around the durn
Something wrong with him. Maybe somebody knows who uh, Irrin Merriman is if he's a kind of Tom Merriman or Jim Merriman Jr
Or a Randy Merriman. She used to be on the big payoff
With bird parks quayshow
Who else was on that show? Arada
From New York she was the best best myrison. Oh never heard of her
Yeah, the hell you didn't hear best myrison wait before my time who is she
By the way, you were right about that observation you probably forgot
What's that actually went and found that song because I didn't have it what song April love by Pat Boone
Yeah, I played the beginning of that. I forgot all about
Oh
Okay, and I'll go to where the boys are with county Francis one moment phones rain. I'll be back. Oh jeez well here
He's right
Where
The boys
Someone
Smiling face
A FedEx package just a chicken X package Tuesday all right. I thought maybe Edmick man was down there personally delivering me a check for like 10 minute
What though that would be good that'd be cute
Well if Edmick man had a check out made out to anybody. He just endorsed him cashew. He's off to us man
That's right now isn't he also beside the fact that he's um
You can go and broke isn't he also dying or something or we all
We yes slowly but surely some faster than others
Eight minutes till the first race at the meadows the three is out five horse field. We're kind of a field as that
And the four horses one to two on the board. That must be a today Polon Horse
What do you think the chances are of anybody responding to me about Aaron Merrimon? Who?
Exactly Steve says sorry. I didn't mean to suggest that all game in our emotional sure we are
We are leave us alone
Just that Owens always seems angry despite having just about everything he desires
And also strains that a multimillionaire jocke has never seen with any chicks
Hmm
Yeah, you put them on there right taro loans. I did terrible taro got a couple votes already
Did he really?
For now, I mean wow moving fast. He's moving up there. He's past Brian Craig like Brian was laying flat out
And normal was hovering over
Norma's getting a show on 14. Oh my god
No software spec none none zero zippity doda normal
But he's a blog cast it don't you understand he's a blog casted he broke his decade teen months ago
I'd make man who did normal can't yeah enough at big man those are his uh, oh, I told you
So he has to wear a brace now the only thing he can say now is I'm dying on the hand
Neal pretending to the phone calls on your show if you were able to take a step back and see that your listeners
Like the calls because they sometimes irritates you and raise your blood pressure
It's all about giving listeners what they want right no
So yesterday rickshaw was referring to just taking some calls sometime not all calls all the time
We all respect and love to you Marty and Betavia. We all respect and love to you
Mind your own business Marty. Okay. We got eight million program directors out there. I'll do the show
And rickshaw can mind his own sticking vines
And mr. Radio writes oh near Rogers is pissed off at Rick Shaw on at the Twitter crap mr
Radio you're an idiot you're an absolute moron you're the lowest of the low whatever bed bugs in the dust mites are your eight eight million steps below them on the food chain
Ricky tiki santa says I can't wait to go to a game with a new Marlon stadium get wasted run over some poor
Slob in a parking lot god. I love this country your favorite channel seven nutball rick
P.S. Could you play the bit where I sing like a drunken slob? I love it. No, I can't and I won't
See there's a kind of stuff you like I do
Rick the fake Ricky tiki santa is you betcha no you don't like Rick santa's well
What do you like you don't like the calls you don't like the emails what do you like I don't like chronic cranks
What do you like I didn't ask you what you don't like ask you like I like you making sounds with your mouth
Ha ha ha
Awesome do that for four hours now
Robert says you remember the name of one of the first big box type discount stores whose name began with an H on the university drive about 40 years ago
Name it began with an H
Well, I know it down who's with an H
Wow
I got no idea what I tell you the four horses day pull on one to two
You talk about it. I mean he's great, but talk about a guy that gets over bed
I don't see anything about Aaron Miriamman
You people know nothing about thoroughbred racing harness racing about anything and they don't want it. They don't care
They do not care and just like the thing with the marlins. They don't care about it college basketball. They don't care about it
And we have a there's this neurotic thing that goes on and on forever people try to force feet stuff to the public in a place where they don't care about
It's like feeding a halivata eskimo's. They don't like it. They don't want it. They don't know from it
How do you know that they might go for that?
Eskimo's don't eat halivata. Okay. How do you know? Well, maybe they'd like it
It's sweet right they don't get a lot of sweet up there
Boy that former accountant of yours that orthodox accountant that brought me all that yeah
Sugar-free halivata pants are game that time. I'm gonna tell a eight at all and I went home and I just
Schmidt my brains for a free to charity
Well, of course it probably had sorbitol or something and you know with sugar-free
sorbitol and malt and all and crap at all and all my by the way don't ever get any of those
Diet iced teas that come in the big jug
Don't make that mistake like I did like that Arizona iced tea in the big plastic jug. Yeah, because they are similarly sweetened
Really? Yeah, you want to talk about an explosion wow. Yeah
I mean only had like three big glasses of it before I noticed that
I
Lot of crap into world. Let me tell you
Lot of crap lick it and stick it
Snapper
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was till you and how
It ain't easy
There ain't no chicks, I love it, be coming back.
Outside of considering a lucrative they're indirect.
If you wanna know, it'll save you from shutting that transmitted lounge.
Why, that's easy.
Sure.
All you need is small.
What did the boy, all you need is small.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
All you need is a show, it won't close.
I love you, I love you.
I mean, your old dreams last only got you today.
Clap.
I said my ratings have bottomed out in the tank.
What's radio, has the rebobby, do I look like a young civil once?
And we did.
Act.
All you need is now.
Now, drinking.
All you need is a show.
You need to handle this thing.
One.
Kissing, and I'll hold your mouth.
Right, hold your mouth.
Hold your mouth.
You'll bite away something.
Check, pull me to give you this.
Slap, you see.
Oh, right.
Are you gonna go fire me?
What did I tell you?
Day, pull on wins one to nine.
You know what, one to nine pays.
Don't your prohibitive favor, like ten cents on the dollar.
Well, or maybe less.
Maybe, in some places, like a nickel on the dollar, two ten.
You want to bet two bucks and get two ten back?
I'll take it.
Oh my god.
I'm getting all choked up.
I wanna start eating on here.
Oh, 35 minutes till the first race in Tampa Bay, down.
Five, Tipper Cat is two pounds.
Here's your boy.
What's his name?
Richard Grundy?
Yes, that is his name.
No, you're not the wrong way to go.
Grumpy.
Grumpy, I better get back on CNN.
Maybe the world might end.
And we're watching horse racing.
That's bad.
You talked me into that.
Ah.
Ain't nothing happening.
That anybody cares about?
Mexico, drug war.
Pretty, along the US border with Mexico.
And officials will also increase the number of border agents
and equipment.
Now this move was prompted by increasing violence.
Oh yeah, increasing violence.
A lot of people die in there on the Mexican border.
They're just dying to get out.
Oh, literally.
Must be a real picnic to be there.
When you think it's a wonderful place, that's one place I have never had
A.N. desire to go to.
Me either.
Mexico.
No, thank you.
I went to a caracas that one time, Penneth, Wayla.
Yeah.
That was my only soldier in into a Latin American in my last.
Yeah.
I was there for one day and the next morning I got on a plane and I flew to Rome.
I got out of there as fast as I could.
Good plan.
Oh, just teaming with shleppers.
Teaming.
Overpopulated.
Teaming.
Teaming and steaming.
And you drive through Las Montaas.
Seat.
From the airport into the city and downtown.
And just zidians and zidians of those little shanties.
Shanties is exactly the word.
Yeah.
With tin roofs.
And of course, a little TV antenna on top.
Of course.
Don't want to miss Las Novelas.
And at night time, the desparados come down from Las Montaas into the city.
And they loot and they lose them.
They could not be afraid.
Yeah.
Be very afraid.
In caracas, you never been to caracas.
No, I haven't.
Well, don't.
I'm good.
How about Bolivia?
You ever been to La Paz?
No.
No, thank you.
What about Montevideo?
No.
You would a guay.
Never been to the city in Perigua.
You're what?
You're gay?
Yeah, you're gay.
Gay.
Jake says, with most fantasy draft schedule for this week,
would you be interested in having Fox Sports Fantasy right in Mark Harmon on the program?
Oh, my God.
I'm reading this.
You've got to be kidding me.
I must have missed it.
And you're complaining about the chronics?
Would you want to have this one on?
We don't do guests on this show.
Okay, stop soliciting me for guests.
I would not be interested.
Fantasy.
Call up Norma Kent.
Yeah.
Every day of the week is the freaking fantasy.
Now, here's a good one for the poll.
What about Sandy Payton Manning for the poll?
A lot of rumors about her.
Stunt athlete, but not notorious like Tom Brady for being a hoe.
By the way, tell George to stop whining.
Give me email over Lucy Lopez any time.
She epitomizes everything people know about Dave County.
That sounds like an anti-cuban remark to me.
Should I?
Yeah.
Then that's not like an anti-cuban thing.
Sure does.
Wow.
Put Payton Manning on there, please.
A lot of bigots, man.
A lot of people are just hate your people.
And like the thing says, the Tom Lear song.
I played it yesterday.
What is the national brotherhood with?
Right.
Everybody hates everybody.
That's why I don't know.
I still don't know what the message was from American history.
It's a good movie.
And I did watch it again in its entirety,
which I've seen it about five times the other night.
But what's the point?
What is the message?
Is there some hidden message that we don't know that there's a lot of bigotry
and people hate each other?
Don't be a skinhead.
What?
Don't be a hater.
Don't be a skinhead.
And don't be a big fat skinhead like that tub.
I was thinking about him this morning.
Oh, God.
The fact that there actually are creatures like that.
I was going to say people, but that would be getting carried away.
Creatures like that.
Big, gigantic skinhead red necks.
Oh, can you imagine when he farts?
Oh, no, thanks.
Steve says, analyze this.
Homestead has a racetrack for the Yahoo Red Necks.
Some rise has a hockey arena for the wannabe New Yorkers
and our Jewish friends.
Downtown Miami is the AAA for the stuffy, neck-type, BMW type.
Joe Robbie built the dolphins a world-class stadium
for the people of Dave Brown and Palm Beach County.
And now the county and city will build a ballpark for the Latinos.
So now there is an ass for every seat in South Florida.
So Steve, there's an ass for every seat.
Shouldn't that be a seat for every ass?
Yeah, I think so.
I think that's what Steve made.
Well, he's emotional.
He got into his Latino thing again.
That would be a good pull to take one day.
Why do you hate the Cuban so much?
I think you've done that, but do it again.
No, we did not.
We did pull.
Why do you hate Cubans?
I don't know.
Something like that.
Well, they do.
They hate you, George.
They hate you and your people.
Yeah, yeah.
You don't think?
Some people do.
And some people don't.
Right?
I like nice people.
I don't care what.
I don't need to ask a lot of questions.
You know what I mean?
No.
I don't care about your family tree, your ethnic background.
I don't care about that.
If you're a nice person, fine.
I'll hang it out with you.
But if you're a slime ball, if you're a piece of turd,
get away from me.
Mark and Kendall says the logic of the stadium supporters is ridiculous.
But my personal favorite has to be County Manager Burgess.
During his time to speak, he stated that he wasn't supportive of the stadium
because before he was elected when he was involved in countless debates,
it was asked if he would be in support of the County Financing of Stadium.
His answer was yes when the other candidates said no.
He got elected.
They did not.
If so, facto, the voters aren't supportive of the stadium.
Uh-huh.
Unrelated, I was listening to Mantid Tuesday when I heard a commercial for your show.
It was just one of the comedy bits you played followed by the announcer,
Neil Rogers, 10-2.
If I didn't know better, I would have no clue who you were or what your show is.
It says Mark and Kendall.
Well, at least it's something.
At least I mentioned my name more than they used to do.
That's her damn sure, especially under this current regime.
And that sales manager, oh my God.
What a drooling Yehu.
Well, we got a couple of spots now, everyone out in.
Little at a time.
So, what?
Baby steps.
Little tiny baby steps.
That's what they say in Raleigh.
Joe Bell in the Raleigh Mafia.
Just like here, we got the Mexican Mafia in my building.
You'd be pleased to know, by the way, pizza for lunch today, too,
and then I'm off to a you know where.
And somebody's off to the dermatologist.
Okay.
How many trips can you make to the dermatologist when you just finally realize that you've got zits
and they're not, you know, when you grow up, they'll go away.
Hopefully.
You can go every day, I guess.
Every time you get a couple.
Yeah, if you want to pay every day, right?
Yeah.
With my money.
Well, you know, I spread my money around.
I'm not like some people.
I spread it around.
Little bit too thin if you ask me lately.
Neon God.
NFL Films Presents
The game's greatest scores.
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr.
And he grew to rule a New England dynasty.
Three Super Bowl rings.
Twice Super Bowl MVP.
And a playoff resume.
A Kindoo, a first class ticket to Canton, Ohio.
However, his prowess on the gridiron gives way only to his prowess in the bedroom.
For late in the 2006 season, Tom Brady achieved the greatest back to back scoring feat in the modern era.
First, he impregnated Sultry Hollywood starlet Bridget Moynihan.
Then, against all odds, this heroic field general bedded and inseminated lingerie Supermodel.
Giselle Bunchin.
And so, in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets, we bequeath the laurels and regale among the game's greatest scores.
Number 12, Tom Brady.
I guess it could be said that Tom Brady has had a busy penis.
Okay.
Pro 32, the Dow's down 46 point.
By the way, nothing, nobody deal was down 100 a while ago and I'll tell you down 46 point.
Can't go up every day. Why not?
This is a heated psychotic hearing they're having in Congress.
And you know what it's going to accomplish?
That's fantastic.
If the FEC is included, it's not a 6-1 ratio.
It's a 13-1 ratio.
Every dollar that's spent on this new program through the FEC and the in taxpayers directly will be 93% paid by taxpayers.
So it's a 13-1 ratio, not 6-1.
If you count the FEC, if somehow you don't count them, I guess it is 6-1.
But if the FEC fails, it's on us.
I guess a couple of questions I have.
We're targeting, we're targeting about a trillion dollars worth of these toxic assets.
Toxic assets, baby.
All the toxic assets all the time.
A lot of toxic assets too, you know?
Yeah, they do.
Where did this all come from?
Toxic assets.
Did we ever hear this expression before?
No, ever.
That's scale.
And you were talking about.
What?
It's part of that scam you were talking about earlier.
Toxic assets, my ass.
But a beep, but a boop, but about a lot of money going around and nobody knows numbers on paper.
It's just numbers on paper.
It's just numbers on paper.
It's just numbers on paper.
What have to go along with the...
What are the SARS?
Yeah, I know.
Give me a number.
Although tomorrow is payday, officially.
I wouldn't be surprised if my check showed up there today.
And a damn well better.
Let me tell you that right now, jolly joebell.
Keep those checks coming.
Or I'm going to stick Norma Kant on you.
Oh.
Oh my God.
You're right about that crowd, man.
The same old Mr. Ego and Nick Lawrence and Ryan Craig and Norma Kant.
The old light bulb crowd.
Right.
The only one who ever escaped was Craig Worthing.
He escaped that.
God bless.
And Alice ran till what?
I said, God bless him.
Craig.
Yeah.
I'm not so sure about Alice.
God bless her.
Never met the man.
I did.
He's my protg.
Okay.
I had dinner with Alice at the palace.
Your product gate.
Yeah.
I was following.
Who would you least be surprised to learn his homosexual or lesbian speaking of that?
328 votes.
Mancorder 65.
Charlie Crest Gay 56.
Tommy Cruz 43.
Barry Manolo 34.
Ryan C. Crest 25.
John Revolta 22.
Swole of a Clinton 16.
Woopy Goldberg 12.
Oprah 12.
Big fat bull dichopra.
Jeff Garthea 9.
Didn't anybody want fresh breath?
Leave Jeff alone.
Venus Williams 8.
Terrell Owen 7.
Boy, later this.
He's moving up the list there nicely.
I got a play just a little.
And how the f*** is there?
Anyone out there make photo printing?
Out your Aussies bin through.
Right.
You know the funny thing is in this age where anyone can be famous?
Yes.
They actually offered that thing a show.
But apparently it was such an armed flapping spas in Pimidana that it wouldn't even cooperate with that.
So really?
Yeah.
It all fell apart.
It's an armed flapping spas.
Can't you tell?
Terrell Owen 7.
Zach Efron 5.
Luke Pearlman 5.
Big Papa.
Miss Fudge has got four.
Brian Craig 3.
A little Brian.
And little Brian Andrews 2.
Peyton Manning, she don't have any yet.
I guess you probably just put her on there?
Yes.
Sandy Peyton Manning.
I wonder whatever became a Sandy Peyton.
Wonder if she's still driving and I'd red pick up with Anne's body in the back.
I don't know.
She and Anne Bishop were really, really tights what I'm hearing.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe your friend Cheryl can lend some insight into that.
You remember Cheryl?
Sure.
Let me get her out of here.
Cheryl Rifkin Schwartz, whatever her name was.
Right.
Ween.
Cheryl Ween, Rifkin.
Rifkin Ween, right.
Can I ever tell you that Mitch Ween threw up on this one on their wedding night?
Often.
Conjure's up an image in my mind, but I'd rather not, you know, it's the middle of lunch hour.
Yeah.
Not a good idea.
Move along.
Down down 43.
Oh, stop with that.
Down is up and down and in and out.
Yeah.
Well, you're all getting screwed.
So get used to it.
Steve says, I'd pick good money to hear you have a fantasy geek as a guest.
Maybe somebody would finally ask the question, what the after you get from pretending to be grown up with a, with a real job?
To be a grown up with a real job.
What is happening?
I don't understand.
I don't understand either.
He's just making fun of them, uh, geeks, you know, the fantasy.
This like normal fantasy baseball.
Right.
Fantasy baseball fantasy life.
That's right.
I get it now.
Oh, but it's college.
Whoops, Neil.
Don't you understand?
See, one thing about me, my life.
I don't, I don't react on command.
In other words, somebody doesn't tell me I'm supposed to get excited right now because it's blank.
Yeah.
College hoops, time, uh, Stanley Cup, playoff time.
Whatever it is, a super bowl time.
Yeah, but what if somebody is saying hoops, hoops, that makes me want to go to the emergency.
Jerk, did the morning show across the street this morning and boy, those people must be crazy, crazy.
How about that?
Yeah.
This is a guy he belongs on the air like tiny, belong to being open heart surgery and Mount Sinai.
You forgot to have me check the drudge, be toured.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Tato, forget during this break upcoming.
Right.
Oh, now this is really cute.
Dust mites question mark.
Now you are smitten by both literal and figurative blood suckers.
See that?
Cute.
Only dust mites aren't blood suckers.
Bed bugs are not dust mites.
They might.
They might not.
Dust mites eat the, uh, the skin that falls off your body.
You know, like off your, well, then why would they be itching on you?
If they're just eating dead skin, I'm going to look them up.
Dust mites?
Yeah.
There is a picture on there.
So gross you might puke.
It's got them all crawling around on this.
I'm going to look for images.
Oh, Jesus.
What?
That's right.
Yeah, I got the pictures of them.
I just made it a point.
They're blood suckers, man.
Look at that.
No, they're not.
They might be.
Suckers, but I don't know.
I doubt it.
That would be a big.
I sure hope not.
Wow.
Talk about an itch.
Oh, boy.
You never had dust mites?
How do you know?
Because you itch.
Or you get as much as I read.
You know, you know, you know, you don't fit.
You're a bitch.
Why?
I'm reading about dust mites.
And what does it say?
Feed on organic detrius such as flakes of shed human skin and red.
Valorous in the stable environment of dwelling is in your bed.
In your pillow.
Common cause of asthma.
La, bla, bla.
The article I read said there could be as many as five million dust mites in your bed.
Five million of those things that are looking at there crawling around.
E, yeah.
Exactly.
Told you not if there's a God, did God invent dust mites, did He create them for what purpose?
To terrorize an antagonist just like he created the locusts.
Right?
Right?
And the grasshoppers, all I think grasshoppers are kind of neat.
Nevertheless, ladybugs and grasshoppers of all the bugs of all the insects, I think that
those two are the neatest of all.
Ladybugs are good bugs.
They eat eggs.
They crack.
They protect your vegetables for their plant.
They protect your tender leafy vegetation.
Grasshoppers, however, will eat your crops.
So they're good.
They're good.
Yeah, well, like locusts, you know, kind of grasshopper.
Yeah, but I'm not talking about whether they're good for a mankind.
I'm just saying that they're kind of neat.
They're neat.
They're good for big animals.
How about a praying mattress?
Those are neat, too.
Those can be pretty big.
You've ever seen a big praying mattress?
Had one once.
What is a pet?
Well, I mean, you catch a bug.
What do you mean you're had one once?
Well, what does that mean?
Like for lunch?
Yeah.
I caught one.
And so I kept it like an jar and, you know, fed it bugs and everything for a while and
eventually it flew off.
You kept it in a jar?
Not all the time.
Sometimes I let it crawl around in my arm and on my shoulder.
Oh, praying mattress.
Well, it's not going to eat me.
I'm too big.
I didn't even try.
Oh my god.
Some people have dogs.
Some people have cats.
George, there's a praying mattress.
Come on down.
You know, bugs are your kids.
Hey, don't forget to check out this.
It's lunch before.
Yeah, okay.
560 Q-A-A.
Get the honey, tune yet.
560 Q-A-A.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Please, be careful.
Please, bill cheeks.
I just found you.
I just found you.
I just found you.
Ichin was a bully.
I got a story that I'm going to use in a minute here.
Why I forgot all about the Dredge retort.
I don't know why.
It's a counterpoint to the Dredge report and it's got some pretty good cramp.
But first Nigel says how to stop people from bugging you about getting married.
This is old but it's cute and short.
Old ants used to come up to me at weddings, poking me in the ribs and telling me you're next.
That stopped after I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
Cute ain't it?
Very.
Yeah.
Do you like emails, huh?
I didn't say that.
It gave you a nice little chuckle.
Listen to me.
Listen to me now.
In the beginning, when we start with the emails, all of the emails are at least 99% of them
were from like real living and breathing people.
That was great.
That's correct.
Yes.
Then those people stopped participating just like with the calls.
Right.
And it narrowed down to, like you say, a lot of chronic and a few real people.
Right.
If all I had was a few real people, we wouldn't have enough to fill 15 minutes.
That's a sad commentary.
Well, so what do you blame in me for that?
Listen.
If you need Steve Cranes' crowd to write your material for you, then I'm just going to
cry.
What?
The great Neal Rogers, if you need Steve Cranes' crowd to write your material for you, then
you're just talking for hours of your day.
You could make fart sounds with your armpit and it would sound better than the swirl that
the fake fill in the blank ever has to say.
It's never material.
It's never funny.
It's never interesting.
It's about people who have never heard of before.
Go ahead.
Oh, yeah.
Johnny, fake Johnny, Oklahoma guy.
I didn't appreciate the radio spoof related to the church earlier, particularly since we're
a week away from the hottest week of the year.
We've patched Jesus saves John 317.
Another fake.
I'll say that to laugh later.
I might need that later.
Well, I gave it a good chuckle there with that.
That was great.
That was great.
That was freaking great.
Thank you, Nigel.
Well, out of every couple of hundred, there's one good one, you know?
Neal at Neal Rogers.com.
So in other words, your idea of the show is I'm going to sit here and talk for four
hours every day.
Okay.
That's your idea of what the show is going to do.
Anyway, if you're going to be reading something, if you're going to be reading something
that other people, if you're going to be reading something that other people wrote, I would
rather hear an interesting story about something as opposed to an infinite story about the same
chronic, the same about WTF.
Do you really think that anything that you could possibly read if you read the phone
book that would be less interesting than chronic?
Okay.
Let me go get it.
All right.
Go ahead.
That was down 39 point.
Kate says, I'm leaving my office right now to buy some new pillows.
You mentioned that a couple of the images online were less than appealing.
It sounded like something.
I went online to look and made a, oh, George went online to make a look and made a
sound of disgust.
Did you make a sound of disgust?
Yes, I did.
I made a yucky sound.
Of course, that got me to take a second to Google.
I mean, I see for myself, the appearance was bad enough.
Even worse was this statement I read, 10% of the weight of a two-year-old pillow can be
composed of dead mites and their droppings.
Oh, my God.
Mike, I'm leaving my office right now to buy some new pillows.
Take care of Kate.
What Kate doesn't realize is that that'll alleviate the problem for a very short period
of time.
And then the new pillows will go on a bed and all the millions of dust mites that are
in the bed, they'll in get in the pillow and reproduce and lay their eggs and do their
thing and drop their fecal matter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're at dust mites, crappin' in your bed.
How do you like that?
You're sleepin' in it.
Nice.
Not nice.
This is part of God's plan.
Deal, God.
For Johnny Oki, a finoki.
Anyway, this is from Drudge Retort.
The Tata Nano, the world's cheapest car has been launched in India.
Do you hear about this?
No.
Costing just 100,000 rupees, $1,979.
The Nano will now go on sale across India next month with delivery starting in July.
I wonder if they smell like curry inside.
That's an option.
Tata hopes the 10-foot long 5-seater car will be cheap enough to encourage millions
of engines to trade out from their motorcycles.
It's an ugly-ass car.
Let me tell you that.
Just like those little tiny cars they have in Italy.
Oh, look at the price.
You smell that?
Nano, N-E-N-O.
The Tata O N-O?
Tata Tata T-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-T-A-N-O.
Tata owner, rate Robtan Tata, I just grabbed the Nano.
I know his name is that.
Rotan Tata.
He's a scrap that Nano is a milestone.
Amelace will not make a profit for six years.
I've seen these kinds of things.
Tata's managing director Ravi Kent.
I wonder if he's Ken DeNorma Kent.
Said that from the first order is a bailout.
A what?
A ballot.
GM, so obsessed with bailouts.
A ballot would then select the initial 100,000 people to get their Nano.
I think with the gates of offering a new former transport to the people of India.
And later, I hope other markets in elsewhere in the world, Mr. Tata added.
Tata, I hope it will provide safe, affordable, four-wheel transportation to families who
until now have not been able to own a car.
Environmentalists are warning that the Nano will add to India's already clogged up roads
and pollution levels will soar.
Tata says the Nano will be the least polluting car in India.
Nice Tata.
Sephora door.
The basic model has no airbags, air conditioning, radio or power steering.
However, more luxurious versions will be available.
A slightly bigger European version, the Nano Europa is due to follow in 2011 and expected
across near to 4,000 pounds.
8 grand.
Analysts said that if the car proves immediate hit in its home market, Tata may start
on the meat demand.
This is because the main Nano factory in the western state of Gujarat, which will be
able to build 250,000 cars a year, is not due to open until next year.
In the meantime, Tata will only be able to build about 50,000 Nano as a disexisting plant.
I don't understand why everybody is driving those little beetle-like smart cars.
That's one of the lines.
Those cabs I'm telling you about in Vancouver.
They were in Needless Hell.
Are they like four doors?
Yeah.
Holds four people.
Yes?
Excellent.
Right.
No problem.
Well, that would make too much sense.
And they seem to have some guts to them.
I don't know how fast they go, but fast enough.
They seem to be fast enough to get to wherever you want to go.
I wish I knew what those things, what make those were.
Who made them?
Well, I mean, they're not, they're not, they're not, I mean, they're all yellow, you know,
cabs.
I guess you could have like puse and pink, right?
Purple with polka dots.
Where were you?
Vancouver.
Vancouver.
Vancouver, taxis.
Do it.
Do it.
Get off that thing with the dust mites.
It'll make you sick just looking at it.
Man, are they ever getting strict about fartsounds?
This is from the Atlanta paper.
This kid was the spinel.
Oh, yeah, we already had that story.
Oh, my God.
Kid farting in class.
Remember that around the bus, whatever the story was.
And here's another, another thing about Mexicans, some of you people are so stupid, it's just
pathetic.
San Francisco Chronicle.
Now here's an article linked to what I just deleted it.
This is what's coming in.
And you want me to like read intellectual emails from real people.
Well, they don't exist.
They're not there.
It's like saying, take some calls.
They're all going to be real living and reading people with something constructive and
worthwhile and I'm using an interesting to say it isn't going to happen.
You're like the dog barking at the moon, trying to make it go away at the caqamoon.
Nope.
It's not what I'm talking about.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
See, what part of it, see, I'm talking about the links in the attachments, what part of
that they don't understand, what part of I'm going to do the show the way I want to do
it.
I'm not telling you how to do the show.
Then shut up.
Didn't.
God.
See, you've been there too long.
You're starting to become like them.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
You need a couple of months in the start doing something.
I'm going to stop doing something.
I didn't tell you to go back to taking calls.
I'm not going to participate in the chat room thing.
They ask a bunch of crap.
They flip a bunch of crap.
Have fun with it.
This handful of misfits.
You said I should just make sounds with my mouth for four hours.
That's great.
Well, there's one.
And I'll think of some new ones during the break.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's got morale.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tica, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole,
I love the door.
No, it's a familiar Rogers one to two.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm just hearing balance one to two hours.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What?
Here he is.
That's the camp.
Quick and get home.
Good.
It looks nice.
All remind of Taggy.
They're neat.
Like pizza.
All remind me.
Oh, no, it's a monkey.
You're going to kill anyone around.
Because someone please call the police.
It takes crazy private stuff.
He used to be so gentle.
It's not the love in bed.
Then he went on a war path.
Now I want him dead.
Oh, no, it's a monkey.
He's terrorizing my hometown.
Someone brings him a machine gun.
And all the chimpanzees down.
Oh, no, it's a monkey.
A smaller version of O.K.
Come.
A wild animal in my house.
I can't imagine what could go wrong.
Oh, no, it's a monkey.
101 at 560, WDQM said, George emailed me a picture of the camp in Vancouver.
Where'd you get them from?
I googled Vancouver Electric Taxi and a bunch of images came up.
Wow.
That was the best one I could find.
That's it.
That's exactly the one.
They look as snazzy as a lot of these other cars that you see.
Why do cars have to be snazzy?
Oh, they have to be.
Oh, did you say?
Mr. Corvette driver.
You got to ask that question.
I don't buy Corvette's because they're snazzy.
I buy them because I like them.
They are snazzy.
Well, if they were boxy and ugly, you probably would not buy it.
Really?
I don't guess.
You want an ugly looking car?
Would you buy a car that you thought looked ugly?
No.
Well, then.
What kind of car is that now?
It might be a Prius or something like that.
I'll use Prius.
Now, would you like to have one of those?
Very much.
It's big enough for the family.
You can see four.
I think maybe even five.
Listen, if it's seated too, I'd take it.
Really?
At this point, the family ain't getting in it.
If it's seated one, I'd take it.
Oh, my God.
Can't be choosy at this point.
The Dow is down only 19 points, making a nice comeback.
Other down 21 points, like I said.
So is it a Prius?
I don't know what make that is.
But, boy, it's a Prius.
It looks like a Prius, but I'll do some more research here.
It's why?
It looks like a Prius, but I will do some more research.
Do some research.
Please.
Oh, here's one that says, please, Joe Bell, give George his metaphorical car.
He has a physical stick up his ass.
Yeah, you do.
You're a real, surly guy today.
I don't know why, but you just, you just start.
That's okay.
Whatever you say.
You are.
You're surly and squirrely.
Oh, we got a time, man, colder and charlie, Chris 73 votes a piece on the pole.
A flat footed type.
By the way, Aaron Miriamon, a son of Lanny Miriamon, who also, he must be the grandson, Aaron
of Tom Miriamon, or one of those, Jim Miriamon, Jr.
I had to look that up, because I'm sure not getting any assistance from our knowledgeable,
racing crowd out there.
Boy, what they know.
Really is pretty scary.
Charging up on the outside, going to the lead.
The heavy favorite creative love, stopping badly, but down to the wire, it's Chubby, in
front and going away.
And the shadow on the wire.
He really, I wonder if they have a shrink that attends him in between every race.
It's a Tampa Baydowns who pays.
I wonder if he has ever been there to Tampa Bay.
I think I asked him that already.
He said no.
I think he's been a derby lane though.
He's busy on it.
And he's twittering though now.
I'm shocked.
I thought he was like a really bright guy.
Flea.
Yeah.
A lot of people do that.
Twittering?
Yeah.
I mean, like a minute by minute, a count of your day and what you're doing and whatever.
I don't want anybody to know what I'm doing.
Exactly.
That's the way I do it.
That's the way I do it.
He says on in quotes.
I get it.
He always sounds very bitchy and uptight.
He always creates excuses to detract from his critics like lumping them all together as
one person or group of chronic.
I guess that's easier than realizing that not everyone loves him or his broadcasting
abilities and personality.
I use those two terms loosely.
Well, what a shot.
I wouldn't be surprised nor does it change anything.
Just explains his anger and frustration with everyone.
Bring him out, Neil God.
Now he's not the one thing about Georgia.
He is not gay.
That's the one thing.
Guarantee.
He is as straight as an arrow.
See, I get that a lot.
People who associate with me are work with me.
Bill Collaries to get that to it.
The track.
Right.
Because Bill and I were best friends there for, oh, Bill must be a fag.
Yeah, right.
A lot of people think that you have to be gay to associate with gay people.
Otherwise, you have to have a problem with them.
Because that's how they are.
While speaking of gay people, X TV psychic Miss Cleo starts in
New Life and Lake Worth and comes out as a lesbian.
Oh, my God.
Really?
Somebody just emailed me this from the herald by Diana Moskovitz.
Well, what a great name.
That is Moskovitz.
All this is Moskovitz with a V.
At a tiny earth-tone coffee house, the flyers advertise mediums
and meditations.
Wind chimes ring and dream catchers spin.
It's early afternoon.
The plush couches sit empty and seated at the table.
A silver snake earring dangling from one ear.
Moskovitz says she couldn't be happier.
I'm a proud voodoo woman.
She says in the thick hair being actually the many late night TV viewers.
Can we call?
And I make no apologies to anyone around the turn of the millennium.
Moskovitz was the face and voice of the psychic readers network and TV
commercials and commercials across the country.
Many of which still live on websites like YouTube.com.
Great and colorful robes.
She urged night hawks to call in because the cards never lie.
That lasted until the psychic readers network run by access resource services
afforded ill succumbed away series of lawsuits from consumers who said
they were grossly overcharged.
Cleo a spoke to woman but never the boss was sued too, but she was found not liable.
Since then Cleo was found a new life.
The woman also known as Yuri Del Cleomeole Harris.
Wow.
I thought Mexicans had a lot of names move from David Lakeworth came out as a lesbian
released a spoken word CD and started a radio show just like normal can't.
She's a lesbian.
She is still recognizably miss Cleo.
It's the name people call out on the street when they see her in the name.
She uses in public including your website the real miss Cleo.com with a bunch of hyphens.
During a recent interview Cleo had moments much like those in the commercials.
Minus the incense her laughs were something and allowed and she peppered a sentences
with how delicious and what a kick in the pants.
She said she was drawn to Lakeworth in 2007 and in this coffee house by her work
with the gay lesbian bisexual and transgender community since then she's protested
in downtown Lakeworth walked in the Florida AIDS walking for a lot of day.
And then she pride fest 2008 of the Palm beaches.
And this goes on and on.
It's a lot more than we really want to hear about Miss Cleo but never let that.
I think that's an oven.
Yeah.
Member Miss Cleo sure do.
Wow.
We have a we have a bit.
She may be down but she's still around.
Bow out peak cow kick thought you would be interested in the following article
from the Globe and Mail Canada's leading source for.
Oh and by the way speaking of the Globe and Mail and speaking of oh my God.
Did you see this idiot on Fox news?
I don't want all these discouraging comments about the Canadian military this idiot.
Fox news Greg Guthfeld got felt was forced to apologize after March 17th
segment of his show Red Eye saw he and his guest mocked the Canadian military
efforts in Afghanistan.
Just the other day just yesterday they abrupt back the bodies of four more
Canadian soldiers who died in Afghanistan.
I think it's 116 Canadian soldiers have died in Afghanistan and this idiot goes on.
Fox news is the anti Christ OK and anti-cliestive and Rupert Murdoch is the ring leader son of a bitch.
Oh yeah but he's coming around.
Yeah come around here and we'll slice your balls off if we can find him.
A man who lived for the game.
They left the oh yeah Walt Padawdi we forgot Walton the dead people.
For the ball Padawdi had a hard life after the NHL was eager to share his stories.
A cautionary tale for those with hockey dreams he died before he had the chance.
He was 49 years old.
Note from Power P cow kick don't know if you mentioned this yesterday is I was in meetings and couldn't listen.
No I didn't I didn't mention I knew about it.
As for the New Marland stadium I hope they go wildly over budget cost the county five billion dollars
and then two months before opening day in 2012 they pack up and move to San Antonio or Portland or Charlotte in the middle of the night.
F Miami and everyone dumb enough to live there they deserve what they get I sure agree with that last part
except for those people who are stuck and can't get out.
Don't rub it in now here's a really idiotic now that this is the kind of thing you're talking about from the face Steve Rondon arrow.
Stupid how about putting Rachel Maddow on the pole can you say but Rachel Maddow is an out of the closet lesbian.
Okay she's a dike and she's out.
People are out of the closet aren't people are belong on the pole Steve you idiot you jackass real or imaginary.
You're right though it's the same two or three radio misfits.
But hey but there it is it's it's something to get it is what it is exactly it is what it is that I couldn't have said it better myself.
It is what it is and what it is is what it is what is it I don't know crap life is a pile of crap.
Oh here's Jimmy Doroski he's been gone for a while the Tatanano may look like a tiny car but that's from an American perspective.
While the average morbidity will be American morbidity.
Oh what? Don't get choked up about it.
But while the average morbidity will be American would need to buy two and strap them on like roller skates.
And that always like a Chevy suburban to an Indian family in such a large country.
I don't think Indian needs cars with no anti-lock breaks and airbags but guess they could use some population control over there.
Gotta go I'm eating my McDonald's in my SUV take care and cheer up George says Jimmy D.
He knows your you know what I'm talking about.
And Cliff of all people Cliff says listening to you in George Bicker reminds me of my aunt Edna and grandma Gladys.
Yeah arguing over how to make a precooked ham makes the show by the enough.
Enough.
The one argument about building this thing that justifies logic is that it will revitalize the area.
The often statements been Miami gardens now for over 20 years.
Miami gardens has been rated one of the top 15 most violent cities in the US hardly a day goes by without another shooting or murder.
You're making a life or death decision if you stay in Miami gardens after the sun goes down.
The American Airlines Arena is done next to nothing for the night life in downtown Miami.
It turns into a ghost town after dark the orange bull did nothing for the surrounding neighborhood.
How can a new stadium in the same crappy area make any difference the side is surrounded by houses.
Unless they tear down little vanity of only what growth could possibly be stimulated.
The only people who will benefit will be the Julio selling parking spots in the front yards go Marlins to hell says Cliff and Kendall go to hell and then he like that.
He's right on.
How about the first part about you and your all your bickering.
Oh, hey, whatever.
Remember the bickersons down in Micheal and the Francis Lienford remember that sure do.
Thanks for show fly by though.
It does.
It's already it's already 12 minutes after one.
Yeah, I'm going to go put my pantaloonies on it.
You're ready to go get the pizza.
Moe is coming by for a slight.
What a hazard.
You know, most people wouldn't even believe that that anybody would have the hot spot to do something like that.
You know, the stories that come out of this place I tell people they think I'm lying and they you know, they don't believe that.
Why would we make stuff up like that?
How that's not only 16 points.
I have a feeling it may turn that green arrow before the day is out.
Not that I cared.
You care?
Nope.
Couldn't give a crap less.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Hi, okay, welcome back.
This is Kathy Lee Gifford here in the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problems.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, Kathy.
I have a question about my husband.
Your husband is a piece of s***, a piece of s*** that cheating bastard.
Okay, next call.
Hi, Kathy.
Hi, yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby is a piece of s***.
Bloodshild, woo, woo, bloodshild alert.
He's a piece of s***.
Okay, one more phone caller before we take a break here.
Hello, this is Kathy Lee.
Hi, yeah, Kathy.
I'm calling about that earlier call when you call that guy's male man a piece of s***.
Hello, are you married?
Well, yes.
I am.
You're a piece of s***, a piece of s***.
You've cheating bastard.
Okay, now we have to take a break for our sponsors and they're a piece of s***.
Why won't this machine start?
It's a piece of s***.
No, don't.
Oh, you're a piece of s***.
You just knocked us off the air.
You're a piece of s***.
Oh, haven't played that a lot.
That was up six points.
Woo!
Oh, yeah.
What did I tell you?
The arrow went from red to green.
A red.
Oh, I need now is to find me a good machine, mom.
You know, if I could do every day, like I've done the last three days,
I've been just a phenomenal run.
You know, just blind luck for three days.
If I could do that every day, guaranteed, I would say goodbye to this crap in a heartbeat.
You could retire.
Right.
Retire!
Now it's up $1.11.
Oh, it's down 56 cents.
Well, don't keep watching it.
Up and down, up and down.
Steve from Vegas is not to live in the past, but I heard you talk about the famous restaurant the other day.
It was the greatest.
Yes, it was.
I used to work at a beach dog track.
We used to eat there all the time.
The other place that was great was Piccolo's.
Yes, it was.
Did you ever eat there when you worked at the big KAT?
Many, many a time.
I love Piccolo's.
And also the turf pub, which was right by the dog track, was great too on the beach.
Piccolo's was fabulous.
And also, needles on Alton Road was great.
They're all gone.
Where was Piccolo's?
Piccolo's was down on Collins.
I can't remember the name of the street it was on, you know.
I mean, the street it was cross sectioned with.
On south, way down south.
I get it.
Near the end of the beach.
Beach.
Jess.
You never ate a Piccolo's?
No, that's why I was asking for directions.
I've told you about a hundred times the story that I went there to dinner with Jim Alton, who did the morning show with Lundrosso on KAT.
And he tried first, tried to pick up the waiter, who was a young and cute guy, and that didn't work.
Then he tried to pick me up and have me go home with him.
Could you lift the waiter down?
I couldn't lift either one of you, huh?
No.
I could understand trying to pick up the waiter, but me.
Well, you're cute in case you haven't noticed.
Of course, he was really ugly, but I'm pretty sure he's dead now, Jim Alton.
Brian says, basically, just use a hepatite vacuum for the dust mites.
Similar to a shop-backer construction vacuum, you can buy them at home, people were low.
Similar to the ones the mobile car wash guys use.
You know those big ones with the big hose?
Okay.
Needs to have 99.9% Heppah filter capability, run the vacuum over the mattress and pillows.
My wife prefers at least once a month, but once every three months is usually okay.
And then he's got a comment about you and Lucy's low voice.
Hate you George, love you, Neel, says Brian.
He hates you George.
Okay.
I'll write it down.
That was up 10 points.
Nick says, Paul suggestion, Anderson Pooper, flaming is what he says.
FINGER!
Absolutely, put him on there.
On this story about red meat, it's in my pile, where is it?
Have you heard this?
That it'll kill you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've got to, I've got to, I've got to, it's in my pile.
Oh, geez.
Oh, here it is.
Meat linked to premature death.
Do you believe any of this crap?
I don't care if it's true, I'm still going to eat it.
The study of more than 500,000 middle-aged and elderly Americans found that those who consumed the equivalent of about a small hamburger every day were more than 30% more likely to die during the 10 years that they were followed.
Mostly from heart disease and cancer.
Sausage, cold cuts other processed meats, also increased the risk.
Like my bratwurst, I'm going to stop eating bratwurst and I'm going to stop eating like sausage because of this.
Eating red meat increases the chances of dying prematurely, according to a large federal study that offers powerful new evidence that a diet that regularly includes steaks, burgers, and pork chops is hazardous to your health.
Previous research had found a link between red meat increased risk of heart disease and cancer, especially colorectal cancer, but the new study is the first large examination of the relationship between eating meat and overall mortality.
The bottom line is we found an association between red meat and processed meat and an increased risk of mortality said somebody of the National Cancer Institute who led the study published today in the archives of internal medicine today.
In contrast, routine consumption of fish, chicken, turkey, and other poultry decreased the risk of death by a small amount of the study said.
This would be the rules, roils of studies on the topics said very pumpkin, a professor of global nutrition at the University of North Carolina who wrote an editorial accompanying the study.
This is a slam dunk to say that yes, indeed if people want to be healthy and would longer consume less red meat and processed meats, then we need to have been eating not good for you.
Right. Cold cuts.
Cold cuts.
Don't touch!
Where the hell is that? What are you looking for?
I'm looking for red and cold cuts.
Oh! I'll find it just relax.
What the hell is that under?
Red?
Oh, I heard it now. Alka's cell, so a bit lonely. Here it is.
Yeah, I'm looking for my friend who's supposed to be their cuts. His name is cuts KUTC.
What's your name? His last name is KUTC cuts.
It's pronounced cuts.
Anybody's name is cuts?
KUTC cuts.
It's not even a small family, but it is.
I think you've got a little girl a while ago. You was here.
No, my name is a friend of mine. His first name is cold. CLLE, cold.
Cold cuts. His first name is cold.
Cold cuts.
Not here.
Is that there? Okay, thank you.
Oh, me, you.
Hours from Broke.
Oh, man, I sure am.
They took my job away.
They were so bad, they all coming to me.
So I need a job today.
I think I can even do some horse-looking.
With parents, make a bet.
Shun a shoe, I need the bread, but the reality is the market's time.
This one, I ain't found no job yet.
Boba-Boba-Baby, I ain't found no job yet.
Just need a basic old paycheck.
Boba-Boba-Baby, I ain't found no job yet.
130 at 5.60 WQAM. Happy Tuesday to you. Whatever the hell day it is.
We got no ball game today.
Damn it.
Into the Keynes Lose.
Oh, next to the NIT. I don't know.
I didn't ask for details when I cleared that schedule thing up.
You what? I did not ask for any details.
Why not? Because I don't care.
I don't need there.
And if they're smart, neither should anybody else.
Oh, but it's the Keynes. The Keynes.
Unknown says glad I left South Florida.
Neil, sorry about spelling.
I listen to you every day on my mobile phone.
I lived in Miami for 20 years and moved to Oregon.
Don't miss the dirtbag third-world losers that have run all the decent people away.
One bit.
I live in the most liberal city in the USA, Eugene, Oregon.
We have only a handful of, wow.
We have only a handful of spicks in the Blacks don't know they're Black.
Sounds like unknown. What are you said he's unknown?
We have the University of Oregon here and the supply of beautiful fresh faces.
I lived in Denmark for a year before moving here and it's pretty close to the same style of living.
Lots of days in Swedish. He likes white people basically.
What do you say? He likes nice white people.
Maybe even not nice, just white people.
You would like it here except we got some stinky ass hippies.
Tell George they're grown indoor weed here and cops don't bother with mom and pop operations.
He's not a good thing.
Our town would collapse without our growers.
15 bucks an ounce for the medical chronic.
Take care of South Florida Sucks Paul.
Paul, let's give a first name.
Let's seek out a Paul in Oregon, Eugene.
He's a bigoted bastard.
This business about spicks and shfarts and stuff.
Spos and shfows.
That was up four points.
It's kind of hovering and hasn't decided yet.
Maybe it was a little bit too euphoric yesterday.
You think over the top?
Yeah, can't have two days in a row now, can we?
Greg says my mom is 87 years old.
Yes, she eats meat, she eats cold cuts.
She's in great condition.
She takes vitamins always.
My doctor or should I say quack is seven day Adventist.
And when he met my mom last week, he said,
you're 87 years old because you don't eat meat, question mark.
My mom looked at them and said, I eat meat every day.
I thought that was the funniest thing my mom could have said after all,
how old is old is Karen?
Right on.
Who's using Greg's email?
I beg your pardon?
I said, right on.
How old is old?
It's relative.
That's right.
Old is a lot older than whatever you are right now.
I'm 66.
Old to me is like 86.
In fact, I was coming out of the little Chinese New
Speaking English market a couple days ago.
And there was an old guy walking down the street with a cane.
And I thought to myself, I wonder how old that old guy is.
I want to know as well, know what to expect.
I'll know when to expect that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He was probably in his 80s, 85, 80, you know, real old.
But then again, if you're 84 or 85, I think that old.
That's right.
Heath says emails represent the present and future.
George is stuck in the past.
Neither you have your finger on it.
Signed the Joker.
The heath says him ahead of my time.
George is the one who told me to do the emails a long time ago.
Right.
But I didn't want to go in front of you.
You're not that I'm going to have the email.
I said for you out for years, I told you get it.
Public email accounts so that you can take emails from the audience.
And now that I'm doing it years, you know, like it.
We don't have to go through it again.
No.
OK.
This goes got a bed bug remedy.
I thought I had the dust might.
It's not bed bugs.
Whatever.
Get rid of all of it.
He tells me I need to get a professional fumigator.
OK.
Well, whatever.
It's annoying.
I'll tell you that.
Makes it hard to sleep.
And you're like on my arms.
You know, I mean like it's you.
But you saw that picture.
I know.
Scary.
Scary.
Did you see the picture of the blown up picture of the one?
Well, I saw a whole bunch of pictures.
No, I'm not talking about the, yeah, did you see the one?
Mm-hmm.
With the eight legs.
Yeah.
Looks like it's like a monster.
Right.
And there's billions of them in there.
Yeah, but you can't see them.
Right.
You know, I'm sure that you we've all driven past like pastures
where there's cows, you know, grazing.
And you see that the flies that live on their bodies.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Horse flies.
Sure.
And the same thing is true with us only.
We can't see them because they're like little teeny tiny.
We could see them.
We'd swat them in a, yeah.
They're chewing on you all day long.
All night long.
They're chewing on you.
They're doing and screwing and chewing and crappin' through.
That part's not too pleasant.
Here's one from the real Tom Jik is question and answer column.
It says, I read Tom Jik a Q and A every Sunday.
And Sunday's paper you claim that 940 AM, WINZ,
is going to change its format to all sports.
You said it's a done deal and will probably happen within the next two weeks.
I read this rumor a few weeks ago and called the program director of WINZ.
He told me this rumor has been out there for years and they have no plans to change their format.
Lire, I wonder why this rumor has been going around for so long.
It wouldn't make sense to have another all sports station.
There already are four in the area and WINZ is the only progressive talk station in the market.
Many people, including me, would be really upset if it changed since LB in Coral Springs.
And Tommy Jik of the real time jik has replied is, be upset.
Be very upset.
This rumor has been around because it's true.
The change is coming very soon whether it makes sense or not.
Your problem is you're thinking from a programming standpoint,
the station is making its decision based on the bottom line.
I promised a source not to reveal the exact date.
April 6th, so the station could make its own splash.
But the wording in Tom Jik is Q&A was carefully chosen given or give or take a day.
Soon 940, another all sports piece of crap.
As they say in Czechoslovakia, in the Czech Republic,
Draftos David Olochenkoop.
Draftos Holben, say what?
You heard what I said.
You better get your due talks straight now, Mr. Right Now.
I'll take a class.
That's a good idea.
Where they hold it.
Oh, here's Johnny Ok again.
He says, all right, you guys got me.
I'm not who I say I am, but.
Now, this, this email, and its own innocent way, proves my point.
Who the hell knows who any of these people are.
And you know what I think we ought to do?
Because I do agree with you with these insignificant people like Mr. Ego
and his little entourage.
I think from now on we just ignore them.
It's like they died.
Yeah, that's what you always used to do.
Just pretend they don't exist.
Right.
Because basically they don't.
They don't show up in the ratings.
They don't exist.
That's a perfect station for norma to be on.
Yeah.
You ferry.
Desperate for attention.
You're the only one given to many.
Oh, this thing just popped up again on here.
I wonder how I stop it.
Some like add.
Uniblu speed up my PC.
This big, big thing.
I mean, I made it go away, but every now and then just out of the middle of nowhere,
that thing pops up there.
What am I going to do?
Chester Copperpot is back ripping you and asked to.
Of course.
Well, first they were ripping me.
That was yesterday, today they're ripping you.
So it's equal time, you know.
Anyway, it says I'm not who I say I am, but my puppet master is still a mystery to you and George.
I know it's not John ZTR or Mr. Radio Orgeo Bell or anybody at 79.
Oh, I don't care.
Actually, my identity is well known to you, but unlike John ZTR, I don't crave the accolades for my creations.
I might be slightly schizophrenic, but I'm not a publicity hound.
I have personalities which are over the top like this one.
Others which are subtle and undetectable.
And still, there's which email every day and others that don't email very often.
I don't try to only antagonize you where George actually contributes to the show.
Also provide opinions.
So far, you blocked me only once.
So technically, you and George are wrong about the fake emailers.
I will never review my characters and my true identity.
Talk to you later.
Then again, you won't know when or if I do later collings.
Yeah.
Oh, that that that that right.
Glad you're trying to catch it on now.
It's Johnny OK.
Chester Copperpont, aka Jason says, sad George.
It's really unfortunate that the George has become so morbidly negative and vile.
I only wish him the best and that can turn that he can turn the leaf on his self-destructive personality change.
Maybe needs a little thick and festive Mexican sidekick like you.
George, why don't you take a long vacation?
Go ahead.
I hate to see a good spick go bad.
Maybe needs a little thick and bad he got that again.
Mm-hmm.
All the best, Chester Copperpont.
Chester Peapot.
Don't forget, go see George on Friday at Gulf Stream between 10 and 12 and straighten him out.
All across the country, people are eating beef for dinner.
In Marado, Texas, the Bingham family's being poisoned by a bad butler.
In Milwaukee, Stan Freener is choking to death on a water-fully menu.
And in Kittering Mame, the Johnson's are watching over Jean have a coronary.
The doc says a lifetime of eating burgers is blocked his arteries tighter than a hangman's news.
At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways.
Beef.
It's what's for dinner.
Possibly your last meal.
Oh yeah, 16.2 at 5.60 WQM.
I'm still eating my burgers and my steak.
I don't give a crap what they say.
I'm gonna give it to you anyway.
What?
And your weenies?
Weenies, brought worse.
Titan sausage.
Mm-hmm.
I love that stuff.
Don't you?
Absolutely.
Oh, it doesn't.
Absolutely.
Oh, well, if you eat all this, you're gonna die.
Well, guess what?
If you don't eat anything, you're gonna die.
No matter what you eat, you're gonna die.
So there you go.
Either you eat all this or getting out alive.
By the way, in about two minutes, I'm gonna give you, well, you can do, play music for two minutes.
Okay.
Because I got a call order to the pizza.
Okay.
One.
Nothing?
Okay.
Well, it's important.
This is a heavy duty stuff, man.
I'm planning the rest of my day.
I mean, I'm out of here in 15 minutes.
I don't know how you.
You gonna hang around and schmooze there?
Yeah.
See?
Yeah.
Hang around and schmoze.
I'd like a word used to do.
Go into the room and see if you can't to feel up all the chicks.
I'll go mill about the bullpen and talk sports with the guys.
I don't care what, Johnny.
Dork says his behavior in that place was unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
Shameful.
I didn't have one conversation with him while he worked there.
Really?
Really?
Really?
Well, why not?
It didn't come up.
I only like trained one day, maybe two, when I first started working there on your show,
and then the next time that we met was when I started filling in.
And, you know, and it just went on and on.
And he was long gone by that time.
Really?
Really.
Yeah, I'm surprised I haven't had any emails from Johnny Dork about,
Oh, you're picking on the bird again there?
Give them a minute.
I'll say whatever the hell I want to say, okay?
All these people with their instruction, life instruction, show instruction, critique,
and all this other crap.
Screw you.
I'm going to take a big swig of my soda and then I'm going to order the pizza and you're going to
like fill for two minutes.
All right.
I'll let you know when I'm back.
Okay.
But now, I'm out.
I'm out.
You're out, Tom.
Maybe I could help.
You're out.
Okay.
I'm out.
Oh, you're talking now?
Yeah.
Where the boys are.
Oh, for me.
And?
Someone ways for me.
Smiling.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
So straight in town that I know he's looking there for me in the crowd of a million people.
I'll find my Valentine.
I'll come back.
I'm back.
I heard you.
That didn't take long at all.
No.
No, it doesn't take long because I'm picking it up.
Although these people, you know, I'm sure that they're all working for minimum wage that people had answered the phones, take these orders.
Yeah.
But oh my God.
How long does it take to write down a phone number, you know?
Don't get me started.
The people you're speaking to on the phone, although at least I know he's in this country anyway.
I can't.
It's somewhere.
He's not in India.
Mike in Bokas is I did a lot of work outdoors in Tampa in the late 80s.
All there was to listen to as far as raunchy radio was Ron and Ron or Bubba.
Now he is shot to number one of my AM rotation.
No content or purpose.
Just raunchy radio like you were talking about.
It's funny.
Listen to different stations here.
The chronic's try to start Schmidt says Mike and Boka.
Do you understand what Mike is saying?
Not really.
I know.
But thank you.
Thanks Mike.
I don't think Mike is one of the chronic's though.
No.
You sure?
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
But I just don't have that.
Well then how come you say no because that's just my guess.
By the way Charlie Chris past man quarter.
He's got 87.
She's got 85.
Who's the gays of them all?
Are you like that?
This audience is on to Charlie Chris.
Just like I told you about Miss Mark Foley.
Right?
Foley.
Moly.
There goes Mark Foley.
How long has that been?
About this long.
Mark Chamura.
Mark Morgan.
Foley.
Foley Baloney.
Oh that's perfect for the end of the show.
That's good.
143.
Is that good?
Yes.
You like it?
A lot.
Maybe I do.
Now somebody whose email address is my anal chapstick.
Says the might stories of bunch of BS.
Don't fall for this urban legend.
Anybody who believes this crap should be added to your list.
Please investigate before you scare all these idiots.
Then the headline on this is does a mattress double its weight due to dust mites in their debris.
And the answer is an article in the February 18th Wall Street Journal says,
the average mattress will double its weight in 10 years as a result of being filled with dust mites in their debt fritters.
This sounds impossible.
Is it true?
Who figured this out and how?
And the answer from the expert is Jeepers.
You know how at night while everything is still here this faint roaring sound.
Some people say it's the blood rushing in your ears.
Uh-uh.
It's the dust mites chewing on your sloughed off skin.
I contacted the Wall Street Journal reporter who wrote the article in question.
Those costly weapons against dust mites may not be worth it.
She said she'd gotten this amazing if true but don't bet the rent story from a source.
It'll house that university was quoted also in the article.
I tried reaching Emmett Glass to describe the stories in OSU research and so she had leading the university's ongoing dust mites management study.
So far he's eluded my clutches but one of his colleagues told me I did hear Paul Harvey say that a person sheds 40 pounds of skin scales in a lifetime.
Not the cast of spursons on a fellow media luminary but my feeling is Paul Harvey quotes a scientist equals good.
Scientists quotes Paul Harvey equals bad.
Next I got in touch with a bunch of bug allergy and dust mites for some of them have been quoted in the Wall Street Journal article.
Unsurprisingly all dismissed the idea that there were mounds of mites and mattresses.
It's nonsense as my authority Larry Arley and professor of biological sciences microbiology immunology at something state university.
I don't know where that originated they're not that prolific Thomas Platt's mills professor of medicine.
I wonder if he's came to robin Platt's and and dust mites with University of Virginia green.
I've heard that kind of stuff.
I don't believe it.
I'm sure that there's an added way but I don't think anyone has ever actually measured it.
He suggested that perhaps someone vacuum up a sample of dust might lead in the household crud and extrapolate from that the total weight of a mattress.
Extrapolation can be a funny thing.
You remember the column I did extrapolating from the reproduction rate of house flies in which I concluded that if Joe letter writer hadn't swatted a bunch of flies in one day they had reproduced out in finitimate and filled up all the space in the universe.
So extrapolations are something you want to take with the grain of salt.
Why is this silly story about mattresses full of dust mites being something all brandy about all of a sudden this is written badly because there's a buck in it.
Some folks are allergic to desmites and it made sense for them to buy filters vacuum cleaners other gimmicks that promise to get rid of the little bastards.
Most people are allergic but what the heck if the husters can huxers can scare the pants off you maybe you'll buy all that stuff anyway.
One commercial website claims that double bed contains over two million dust mites and that a six year old pillow can have a sense of its weight consisting of old skin mold dead mites and might don't.
The experts I spoke to doubted these claims the same commercial site run by pest control company also says a man from Dublin Ireland was playing golf.
But he was unwittingly infected with wild disease by a rat that ran up his leg and urinated on three weeks later he became severely jaundiced and died shortly thereafter when his kidneys collapsed.
So let's get out get overly excited about dust mites.
Me on God.
I was expecting you here and an insub-
Aligning a poem for Lord need to pull your pants off father. Let's just see what you got behind this.
You're right and your aminins out there nothing is there but some old Bob Eucharist.
When only for concern then let's just take a look at what's behind the door shall we.
I can explain the beach coming this fall on logo.
Oh my god.
Neil Rogers is on South Florida sports leader 560 QAM.
Miami Dolphins and Miami later a games play on South Florida sports leader.
560 QAM.
It's day.
Oh, Miami town.
At 560 WQAM.
The H.I.M.
Overwood that view is at the day.
He's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me that way.
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
If he wants to score a pizza, God said what?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo I take the elevator down and on my way to the car when I pull my folding basket out.
I give a three condo paper.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
I said the door is a back-and-toward.
Why you look...
Ah, my God, a whole new sport, all moved.
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the new Maja rules.
I'm hip to the drive, daddy, all new.
Too bad they're going back tonight.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way in poiling he.
But when they drive, my voice will change.
The little smoothies are burned.
W, Wintabjr.
I was lucky.
Bye, bye, bye!
