560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in
Dave and Broward. In other counties called toll free 877785 Neil or pound 560
on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones. The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his
colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors. Now the Neil Rogers Show
on 560 WQAM.
Neil, man, welcome to the football car submission club.
B.S. for the Game Radio Sports Center.
Looking to the bars at the county jail.
What was that?
O.G. was there and he began to whale.
The guy that this was there because he drank too much and Tyson was looking for a talk to
those shots.
Looking all the jailhouse shots.
Everybody was grabbed on their spots.
Getting ready for the jailhouse shots.
This is the fact it was a look so well.
Saying that his marriage was a living hell.
Counts in the corner with his burrito.
He's taking the talk about his way to go with those shots.
Looking all the jailhouse shots.
Everybody was grabbed on their spot.
Boy, smile on that jailhouse shots.
And he was the jailhouse shots.
Watching them fuss up, rise.
Looking them stiff on their jobs.
Everyone checked their marriage plots.
Everybody had hard times including those jailhouse shots.
Oh right.
Okay, now are we connected or what?
Yeah, we had a little confusion here I did because this board you can switch over with
like one stroke of a key and it was switched over and your studio wasn't on it on the
bar.
I see, but I fixed it.
We're good.
Well, that sure flies in the face of the email I just got from Jolly Jo Bell about 10
minutes before the start of the show.
Telling me the same thing you told me before about how our studio is going to be rid of
the end of next week and he still doesn't understand why it's such a big deal to me that
we get our studio ready.
He doesn't get it.
Well, we just gave him an example why?
Yeah, there was a good example.
He said you're in a state of the art studio, which is true.
Yeah, but not convenient.
Not convenient.
Not, well, you know, we're in front from the beginning right from a week ago Monday.
They gave us lots of tourists, but that's okay, Jo.
You don't understand because you're not a broadcaster.
That's why you don't understand.
You're a sales guy.
How many times have I talked about that?
The fact that most of the people in radio management come from the sales end of the stick as opposed
from the broadcasting on the year end of the stick?
Right.
That's why, for example, Duff, one of our very few sales people who pays attention to the
show in the building, needed to speak to me this morning about a situation and he called
me on my crackberry.
Right.
He had to call me.
Couldn't come in there like he ordinarily would into the studio because we don't have
one yet.
That's why it's a big deal, Jo.
So many, many reasons, including the way the show started this morning, like an abortion.
So what do you think the Randy Stark thing is a racial thing?
I heard about an hour Jo show this morning.
My God.
Why is it that every time a dark, complex athlete gets into some kind of hot water, whether
it's OJ or whoever it is, right away it's a racial thing.
I don't know.
You believe that?
No, not really.
I think it's because you had 13 people in a vehicle that fits more.
Okay.
Well, it's still double the amount you're supposed to have.
Right.
A little more than double.
It's supposed to have four.
Right.
Any addition to which why is somebody driving a big contraption like that on South Beach
in the middle of a busy weekend night anyway?
What kind of crap is that?
Well, on top of that, he had a girl on his lap while he was driving.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Well, nothing in theory.
The police frowned upon that though.
At least he's not gay.
Oh, I'm sure that.
Well, that anyway, it's pretty compelling.
And I'll tell you who I don't want to ever hear the name of again.
LeBron James.
Oh my God.
If I had a dollar for every time his name has been mentioned on these sports nerd shows
last a week or two weeks, I could retire right now.
Are you sick and tired of LeBron?
Yeah.
LeBron, Kobe, LeBron, Kobe, who's better?
No, not Kobe, LeBron.
LeBron, LeBron, LeBron, On and On and On would LeBron.
So we got the ratings coming at noon.
Correct.
Such as they are for the first week in May.
We're going to have ratings like every five minutes now with this new deal.
And I've been reading a lot about it and boy, there are a lot of very unhappy people in
industry with the arbitrage or really pissed off and fired up.
Yes, I'm happy people down here in South Florida.
Like us?
Us, Cox, Radio, half and half really for them.
Yeah.
Because half their stations did really well and half their stations didn't do so great.
Well, Chief Channel did great and you know what Castanovah said yesterday.
He said we have the participants, the rating participants in our back pocket, but you
didn't hear it from me.
Now how could they do that?
Not sure.
How could they scope out who the people are that are being surveyed?
And these people are going to be, I mean, when the number comes out at noon today, it's
not going to be much different than it was the original one that 0.2 we had.
No, it shouldn't be.
It probably be a 0.0, but at any rate.
See who died?
No.
Peter Zazzle died.
Oh.
That name doesn't mean anything to you?
Yeah, a little bit.
What does it mean?
We didn't, he played with the St. Louis Blues.
Yes.
And?
And I hooked up with his girlfriend in Atlanta once.
What?
I did.
Wow.
How scandalous can this get?
That sounds compelling to me.
That was when I was in college.
I hooked it.
He had a car that he bought.
It was like a Audi convertible, something like that.
And there's pictures of him all over her apartment and stuff.
I felt bad for a second.
Was she hot?
Yes, he was hot.
Former Toronto Maple Leaf Peter Zazzle died yesterday.
After more than a 10-year battle with a rare blood disorder, he was 44.
In the summer of 2001, he was diagnosed with hemolytic anemia, rare disorder in which
red blood cells are destroyed faster than the body can replace them.
He battled the illness in part with a drug prednisone which caused a significant weight gain.
He blew up like somebody stuck up bicycle pumping his back.
And his head, especially, his head blew up like a double normal size for quite a while.
He played 16 years in the NHL, one of the most popular Maple Leafs when the team enjoyed
a resurgence during the early 1990s.
I remember that during the Duggy Gilmour days, baby.
Oh, yeah.
And Silveyn Le Fave.
Let's get hockey intensive.
That should do it.
That should get us down to a 0.0.
I don't understand why you're so concerned about this makeshift studio.
So, please.
Sorry.
Oh, why is what's wrong with that, man?
Why is he always so negative?
Why is he always so, you know, as opposed to being supportive and helpful?
Why is it always got to be some cost to, I don't understand what you're saying.
It's such a big deal.
It is a big deal.
I don't have to answer to him why it's a big deal.
Is it a big deal to you?
It's a big deal.
It's a big deal.
We ought to have our own studio and ought to be ready sometime in our lifetime.
Instead of this crap, sending text messages, I'm in the bathroom, getting ready to hop
in the shower at 8.20 in the morning.
Here comes, you know, because that's the only way you can communicate.
Other than phone calling.
Sessel 44 was admitted to hospital last week for surgery, but despite chemotherapy and
the removal of his spleen, his situation worsened.
Glen Healey, NHLPA director of player affairs issue to statement on behalf of the players
union.
The hockey community has suffered a great loss at Healey.
Peter was a friend of the great family man who was well liked by everyone he crossed
paths with in our game.
Our thoughts are with Peter's family and many friends during this difficult time.
One thing about him, he sure, he sure went a rough way.
He's been dying for a long time.
Yeah, and that's young 44.
Yep.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We had a thousand and five votes.
By the way, for the people at Arbitriner, think that the entire audience is vanished,
who can't find anybody in their sample who listen to the show.
Yesterday, we had a thousand 38 people listen online on our website on theorodgers.com and
you said over 200 on the wqm.com?
Oh no, it was over 500.
Really?
Yeah, it was like 510, something like that.
Wow.
So that means we had almost 1,600 people listening online yesterday, which is a lot more than
according to Arbitriner, we have listening all together.
Yeah.
Hubsay and Dread, the people in Belsfield, Maryland, okay?
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We had a thousand and five votes.
My favorite holiday is Christmas 245, Thanksgiving 225, but that was a real battle.
Christmas edge down because people like getting gifts, especially money.
Give me some gelt.
Hanukkah didn't do that well, so we don't have that many Jews.
All the old Jews abandoned me.
They all either died or moved to Boka.
I hate holidays 177.
See, here we go again with that.
I hate.
Like the poll I got today, I only put it on there gratuitously just to see if anybody
would vote for I hate all of these movies that Neil likes.
It's in third place now.
I hate them all.
And when you see the list of movies, how could anybody hate all those movies?
But it's just it's just a state of mind.
It's the South Florida attitude.
I hate holidays 177.
Independence Day, the 4th of July 96.
Halloween spelled wrong 71.
You know, there are a couple of people that took the time to email me about the misspelling
of Halloween as if it's our doing.
71 said Halloween, my birthday 51, New Year's Eve or Day 22, St.
Patties Day 14, Purim 13, Labor Day 12, Memorial Day 11, Quanziton, Cinco de Mayo 10,
why I have no idea.
Hanukkah 9, Passover 8, Jung Kipper 7, why would Jung Kipper be somebody's favorite holiday?
Not sure.
When you can't eat?
Yeah.
When you have to with tone for your sins, I mean if you look at the two winning holidays,
they're both big eating holidays.
Yeah, Christmas and Thanksgiving, that's right there, gluttonous man.
We got a lot of glutton's out there, including me.
Fathers Day 7, Easter 5, Valentine's 5, Russia, Shona 3, Passover 2 and Mother's Day 2,
only 2 for Pesach.
I guess they're not that big on the Pesadiki candies.
How about the Seder?
Don't you get some good crap like brisket and loquas on the Pesach?
Love loquas.
Oh, so do I.
If you'd have been working there on the back of the day when we had corkies still in
Venice, they would have brought you a whole bunch of brisket and potato loquas.
That's what they used to do.
Back when we could get food brought in before Jolly Joah became a hard ass.
What is with his whole attitude about life?
Why is he so negative?
I don't know.
Why can't he just, you know, I mean, the other information was fine.
You know about their other priorities, the other building they got to do this and power
96, they got to do that.
That's fine.
We can wait till the end of next week.
At least we now have some kind of a time frame, all edged.
That was down 42 points, not off to a stellar start.
I just don't understand why it's such a big deal.
Why is everything such a big deal?
Why is there such a pain in the ass?
Why are you and your lawyer such a pain in the ass?
A very sour guy.
He looks like a sour guy and he is a sour guy.
Your buddy, your close personal friend, Jolly Joah.
I still don't understand.
Oh, you wouldn't understand because you don't get it at all.
This is a guy who doesn't even come close to getting it.
But someday, you know what?
Someday he's going to get it.
Oh, yeah.
I have a feeling.
I just have a feeling in the pit of my ass that someday he's going to get it.
Whatever it is.
Taking a look at today's poll, we try like this poll.
You like it?
I like it, but I have a question about it.
Wait a minute.
Do you like it?
Go ahead.
Now you left off the Godfather intentionally, I guess, right?
It says other than Godfather.
Now that would have one hands down, you think?
Right, of course.
Okay.
Landslide.
It's like asking us today Wednesday.
You know what I mean?
It's pointless.
Other than Godfather, all the movies of all the movies near love is which one do you like best?
282 votes so far.
Network 67.
Thank God.
Yeah, that's good.
That's one of the greatest movies ever made.
Petit Trapski was a genius.
A clockwork orange 49.
I hate them all 45.
When you hear this list of movies, how could anybody, whoever has seen a movie in their life, hate all of these?
Glen Gary Glen Ross 42, Deliverance 40, 41.
Requiem for Dream 16, Dracula 11.
I'm talking about the original one with Bella Legosi.
Imagine here was five, the hospital five, George C. Scott, Magnolia 4, the covenant one, with the lovely Steven Street.
294 votes.
I hate them all 47.
Third place.
Barbar Barbar Barbar Barbar.
Let's see, there's three that I haven't seen.
Yeah.
Imagine here was the hospital and the covenant.
But you wouldn't like the covenant.
No?
No.
The hospital with George C. Scott is a must see.
About the butchery that goes on in hospitals, it's great.
That's also Petit Trapski, by the way.
And what was the other way you didn't see?
Imagine here was you'd like that.
I'll have to check them out.
Good movie.
So which one is your favorite of that list?
I would vote for the network also, but I really do like a clockwork orange, but I think the network wins.
The network?
Yeah.
Or network, I mean.
I'm mad at hell.
I don't think I think this anymore.
1013 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
We got big O2, mad dog 4 to 7.
Dolphin the Night 708.
8 to 9.
We got DA.
Oh, that's right, because then we got basketball.
Lakers in the nuggets 9 to a win over it's over with.
So we got an abbreviated DA.
He had more than enough airtime last week, more than enough.
Katthani junja.
Okay, listen up everybody.
Following pressure by state authorities, we've decided to pull our erotic services ads from the main Craigslist page.
And we've moved those to a new category, adult services where they can be monitored.
Excuse me, sir.
Yeah, go ahead, Gina.
Well, does this include the anonymous roadside rest area sex postings?
No, because that's not really an erotic service.
That's just a standard one of the middle Craigslist posting.
Okay, fine.
But we are moving our gaze seeking rusty trombone and dirty sands just people locator postings.
Well, Gina, I pay good money to use the people locator and trust me, the whole experience has been very erotic.
Okay, fine.
I understand that.
But what about the postings for men seeking women for missionary style love making?
Gina, Gina, Gina, seriously, that's not erotic.
No, that's not, yeah, that's the meeting.
Thanks everybody.
It's kind of lunch.
Oh, I bet the big boo-ee buffet is half off over at the Tigley Wigley.
Nice.
Yeah, I think the big boo-ee buffet.
1018 at 560 WQIM.
Did I step on the end of that?
I guess I did.
Yeah, a little bit.
My apologies.
It's okay, it wasn't that good.
I could back it up a little bit here.
One moment please.
Off the note.
It'll be a good run.
And dirty sands just people locator postings?
Well, Gina, I backed it up too far.
It wasn't that good to play it again.
Mark, who's obviously got a problem, says, I listened to my over my computer at work.
For the last two days when I try to listen, I get your roast commercial and then nothing.
Are you guys having trouble?
Or am I doing something wrong?
Mark, you're doing something wrong.
We got a zillion people listening online and you're the only one who said,
now yesterday there were some reports of, oh, a little cutting out.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, whatever, remember that?
Yeah.
But, you know, some maybe it had like a brain fart or a streaming.
But today, Mark seems to be the only one.
Are you getting any word or any streaming problems?
Hopefully not.
No, not yet.
No.
Roast of Paul, get yourself a life Roast of Paul because this is not a poll.
How can other people add to the poll?
Now, if I forget something like Faso, Jim said you left off Faso.
Thank you, Jim, you're right.
Please add Faso, please.
Okay, I'll do that.
Can you handle it?
You know, another movie that I should put on there is one of my favorites and I watch it every time I see it on cable?
Christine.
Christine.
About the car.
Oh, yeah.
You don't like Christine?
Yeah, it was okay.
Well, I love it.
For more reasons than just the story, John Stockwell was in it and run on around.
He was in bed naked in part of the movie, but nevertheless, that's just a fact thing.
Roast of Paul says the mix today sounds very clean and you can hear the new guy better than he sounded previously this week.
Did you guys fix something?
Did we fix something in our state of the art studio that you're broadcasting from?
Who knows?
They're always poxking with something.
Yeah, they're always poxking around.
And it says, please add taxi driver to the poll.
No, we will not add taxi driver because number one, it's not one of my all-time favorite movies.
Number two, who the hell are you to be telling me what movies I like?
I like to just find, but was it one of my all-time favorite movies?
No!
Absolutely not.
Is it one of your all-time favorites?
Taxi driver?
It would make my top 25, maybe.
Top 25, no, maybe my top 50.
Other than Godfather, all the movies near loves, which one do you like the best?
Network 75.
Clockwork Orange 52.
I hate them all 51.
If you like it, I hate it.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 49.
Deliverance 43.
Requiem for a dream 19.
Dracula 12.
The hospital 6.
Imaginary hero is 5.
Magdolio 5.
And the covenant only 1.
Probably some queen oak.
I mean, just 1.
Well, it's pretty exciting.
No, we get another bunch of numbers.
Yeah.
They're going to be really, really bad because it's the same, that this business where they don't change the sample like 10 or 15.
Percent of it on the other 85% or 90% stay the same for up to about two years.
That's what they said two years.
That's a hell of a system, ain't it?
But now I'm hearing that they know that there's a flaw with the system so they may be changing things sooner than we think.
Good.
Maybe they can find a few neo-rodgers listeners.
Because the people who listen to this show are not the same people who listen to a sports talk,
be right-wing fanatical and Nazi crap.
Wow.
But they just can't so far they haven't found you folks.
Whoever's listening there, we're all 20 of you.
Roscoe says, I got a story on this.
Somewhere in my pile, I got a big story on this.
Somebody sent me yesterday about Larry King.
Remember the story I ended the show with yesterday about Larry betting on a horse and that that's fable that he keeps selling?
Right.
Well, it definitely is a fable.
I'll find it in my pile here somewhere.
Are you sick?
I'm positive.
Anyway, it says, Equadaley.com had a series of stories about the Larry King's story last week.
Several inconsistencies were pointed out.
The horse he supposedly won all the money on never raced at Calder.
In 1971, Calder didn't even offer trifecta wagering.
And an interview with Esquire magazine four years ago, Larry claimed he won 12,000 instead of 8,000 on that faithful day.
Roscoe says a typical TV talking head.
He couldn't tell the truth if he put a gun to his head.
That's for damn sure.
Uh-huh.
For the stories that he used to tell.
Just a compulsive BS artist.
That's how he got to where he is now.
But to show a BS, BS is where it's at.
All you people under the age of 100 out there, if you want a BS your way through life, it works for some people just fabulously.
I'll find it in here somewhere.
It's in my big ass pile.
Yeah, this is a horse that never raced at Calder, the one that he claimed.
And also when I get in the, when I find the other story, she never won a race.
Whatever the horse's name was, won't we'll get to it?
It's compelling to like, you know, hold it out there to tease with it.
Are you teased?
Yes.
Oh, here's the fake Larry King sends me this.
He says, don't let Joe Bell win.
He would know compelling radio if it bit him on his fat ass.
When you read the ratings today, could you give the breakdown of Paul and Ron versus Bubba?
Well, the problem with that is that Bubba's demographic is 18 to 34.
We don't, we don't, don't we get those at all?
I guess we could.
Yeah, we can get him.
Many 18 to 34.
That supposedly is demo.
Right.
And Mandage versus LeBasterd says, hope you break a zero point to the any report on George.
No, haven't heard from George since you talked to him on Sunday.
Right.
And I haven't had any more email updates.
I thought we'd be getting those every morning.
Something new, but maybe there's nothing new to report.
I'm sure when he's got something definitive and new and exciting in the report will be the first ones to hear it.
Or some of the first, and I'll pass it along to you.
John Z. T. R. says, speaking of a clock recording, you should check out Blu-ray version of it.
I know you're against Blu-ray.
I'm not against it.
I just, I just don't need it.
But, askfully, the difference is night and day.
By the way, two bad George is gone.
I sent him a copy of the movie Doubt a while back and he claimed to hate it.
Really?
Okay, I find that hard to believe.
You've not that John Z. T. R. would lead us down to Garden Path, but seem to me a kind of a movie that would be right up George's alley, Sally.
Wouldn't you think?
I would think so, yeah.
All the stuff about the Catholic Church and about the nuns and the priest and the child molesting priest and all this other stuff.
Oh, here's, I'll get to this eventually.
Seven famous people who died during sex.
Thanks to a James who sent that to me.
My favorite one is the last one on the list.
Well, it goes backward from number seven to number one.
Number one, Pope Paul II.
It says, believe it or not, two popes have made the list of famous people who died during sex.
Make of that what you will.
In the case of Pope Paul II, he suffered a stroke in 1471 while being satanized by a page boy.
How do you like that?
Not the way I want to go.
Well, being satanized by a page boy.
Right.
Brandon says, here is your once in a while, Bubba loves Bunch update from me.
And I think today takes the cake on the quality of his show.
He doesn't like Bubba at all.
I don't get a lot of feedback on Bubba other than when he's doing kissy kissy to my cheeks.
Other than that, oh, Bubba was kissing up to you this morning and said, you're the greatest. Yeah, well good.
Hopefully some people get surveyed in the ratings.
That's more important to me than whether Bubba likes to show or not.
Not only does he have Tucker Carlson on all the time, oh, Tucker Carlson and what's his name all the time?
The, um, who's the other one he's got on all the time?
The wrestler, Hulk Hogan.
Oh, yeah. They're best friends.
But today while Tucker was on both him and Tucker got into a very in depth talk about shaving your body here including the boys downstairs.
Bubba shaves Tucker does not because it questions his manhood.
Well, maybe he had a dick stat bow tie that don't do to good for his manhood either.
Bubba replied by saying he was a manly man.
Maybe the new rating system is wrong at all after dropping his way to ratings way down.
Now that's right, Brandon. We really got a zero point two.
We had 84 billion people listening online yesterday and we have a zero point two.
He says one thing that really pisses me off is that people call his show.
Sometimes he protects their voice by distorting it because if it's a serious subject they're calling about.
He wants to keep it so nobody would recognize their voice.
I only listen to this will when both Bob and Tom and Elvis Durano around a commercial break at the same time says your close personal friend Brandon.
Who so far, by the way, has no complaints about you, but wait till summertime when cordus joins you when I'm not here.
Come here, you can kill her.
Hi there.
Bothered by those pesky religious fanatics.
Excuse me. Have you made peace with the ultimate supreme being?
Leave me on!
Yes, you could try blowing them up.
Pardon me, sir, but did you know that your moral soul is in danger?
But think of the mess. Not to mention those legal fees.
That's why we at Lingham Labs have developed Jehovah Way.
The clean, simple way to rid yourself of those annoying acolytes.
Jesus, let me this I know for the Bible.
Knock it off!
Where are we?
What are we doing here?
Man, I gotta get a life.
Yes, Jehovah Way proven safe and effective.
And for those annoying it counters at the airport, it's new travel-sized Jehovah Way.
Hi, Krishna! Krishna, Krishna!
Hey, where did I get these stupid clothes?
And what's my hair? My hair!
Yes, Jehovah Way, little spray that keeps fanatics away.
Look for it in the pest control section of your local hardware store.
Well, the reason I play that is because the Jehovah's are doing the big things starting this weekend.
Yeah?
The start of the Jehovah's Witnesses Convention season and this year they'll be preparing for the end of the world.
Oh my God.
Starting Friday, witnesses will host 14 consecutive weeks of conventions at the Christ Convention Center on Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard and West Palm.
I'll get back to that.
I'll get back to you, Diana.
Here's one.
You made a mistake. You made a mistake.
Mistake, mistake, mistake.
BAM, BAM, BAM.
It says the 500 listening from the QM website are included in your total kind of listeners.
They run from the same streaming server.
Is that correct?
I have no idea.
I guess Eric can let me know.
Yeah.
Not that it makes that much difference.
Because a thousand and thirty is a pretty hefty number.
Yeah, I don't think that's accurate because I think you take the streaming from the website but you don't get the count of the people.
That's on a separate system, I believe.
So I think that guy's wrong.
You're wrong.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
Alex's for the poll. I've never seen any of them.
If there's anybody who's never seen any of those movies listed on that poll, then you're not qualified to vote on it.
You know what I mean?
Right.
And he says Godfather beats him all, which I agree with that Alex, but that's why I said other than Godfather because they would have had eight million votes.
Christine don't have any.
I can understand that.
That's a good movie though.
And there's a message there.
There's some kind of a message in that movie.
Who is that hot chick that was his girlfriend?
I don't remember.
He's a long time ago.
I'll check it out.
He loved the car more than he loved her.
That's, I don't know.
Maybe he was gay.
And maybe that's why I hung around with John Stockwell so much.
I wouldn't blame him.
Anyway, Christine doesn't have any votes.
That's sad.
Fatsos already got a couple.
A lot of people don't like Fatsos.
And I think probably people who've never been fat and aren't having had a battle with fat all their lives.
They probably can't relate to it.
I can't imagine any fat person not just loving Fatsos.
Can you?
Did you see it?
Oh yeah, it was great.
That's the honey, Junior.
I remember my junior.
You ate the honey.
Oh, and bankrupt.
Why sure?
I sure miss her.
She was great.
She was fabuloso.
Anyway, this year's theme,
Keep on the Watches,
Desired of Discuss World Events,
and how they relate to the Bible's prophecy of the apocalypse
for the Jehovah's Witnesses.
The headline says,
Jehovah Witnesses brings apocalyptic topic to West Palm Beach's leaky teepee.
Have you ever been in the leaky teepee?
Just this morning.
Oh, no.
See, you don't say it the way, Joe said it.
No.
But that was good.
That was excellent.
Just this morning.
What a putz.
Anyway, how to survive the end of the world be approached at 11 a.m. on Sunday in the leaky teepee.
Which would you rather have a leaky teepee or leaky peepie?
We feel that his imminent spokesman Richard Ferris said,
we can't really put a date on it.
But the scriptures tell us nobody knows days or hours.
But we'll look at the signs as they appear.
What?
Oh, as a theme of our convention to keep on the watch.
They're looking for the signs.
Jehovah's Witnesses believe the wild apocalypse will be terrible for many.
It'll be the beginning of a better world for the faithful.
If you believe our book,
crap, you're going to be in heaven.
There's going to be money growing on trees in your backyard hundreds thousands.
Alexandria Paul was the girlfriend in Christine.
She was pretty hot if you asked for a little fact.
Yes, she was.
Mm-hmm.
Going door to door with bibles and informational packets has become a trademark for the witnesses in Ferris said there's a reason recruiting a such a major part of their religion.
While we don't relish the thought of destruction that's going to take place,
that's why we feel so strongly.
You know, when I was a little kid in candidate when the York.
I was maybe, oh, I don't know, say 12 years old.
So that would be like 1954.
And back then they were coming knocking on the door.
They have their magazine is the watch tower.
The final days, the end days, that was like 55 years ago.
And here we're still here.
I guess they're a little bit off, you know, just a tad.
Kind of like our management.
They're a little bit off.
Kind of like the people at Arboratron.
They're a little bit off with their numbers.
That should be our new theme of the show.
What's the point?
Oh point two.
Oh, here's another one.
Pull miss spelling.
Buh, buh, buh.
Just amazing to me how few of you people really have anything to say,
but when we make some kind of mistake on the on the website,
you have the movie, The Covenant listed as the Confident.
Well, guess what?
I'm looking at the thing that I wrote out myself and sent to Eric and it says The Covenant.
Maybe Eric made a typo, okay?
He's entitled.
Mm-hmm.
He's a great guy.
He does a fabulous job for us on this website and doesn't charge a penny and has for years and years.
And because he made a, yeah, I see he's got an extra in and there.
The Convent.
Maybe it's another non-movie.
Like doubt.
Oh, the fake Anita Bryant says the new George, what's his name, is pretty entertaining.
It's nice to hear someone who actually cares about his job.
I don't know what George is doing these days, but who cares, she says.
What a bitch.
Wow.
You and you are the last entertaining thing on radio anymore.
And you and Mr. Ego, that is, oh, God.
I can identify how bad AM radio has gotten by the amount of NPR.
I listen to anyway.
And NPR showed up on that number for the first time ever.
Right.
Anyways, had the new George talk about his background and radio.
Oh, I'm not getting this.
Do we get the same crap?
He's already done that.
Been there, done that.
Go away.
Right.
All you fakes, fake this one, fake that one.
Screw off.
Oh, blackie.
No, no, thanks.
Why satellite radio makes this beam?
He sent this to me yesterday.
I wasn't going to use it then, and I'm not going to use it now.
Here's one that says, I hate Bubba loves puns.
This is from a chronic.
A chronic whiner.
His show is just bad, really bad.
Whenever I kick, he's talking to Hulk Hogan and kissing his ass.
By the way, there's a rumor that Hulk and his wife staged at divorce in order to prevent
being sued by the passenger of the car crash that his son, Nick, was involved in.
Hulk is a degenerate and white trash.
As long as Bubba has a mind, I won't listen to him.
Says of this scoop off.
Well, good.
Good for you.
Alexander Paul played Lee Cabot in Christine.
Says, God, is that what you just said?
Yeah.
Well, I guess it was because you looked it up.
Right.
Soundtrack was good, but the movie wasn't as great as the book.
For some reason, King doesn't translate well to films.
That's true.
The finale is parked.
I agree with that.
I thought the movie was just fine.
I didn't read the book.
I think the shining did a good job, but a lot of his movies gave us a shining.
Oh, the shining.
Fair.
You didn't like the shining?
Not only didn't I like the shining, I hated it.
Red rum, red rum, red rum.
It was spastic.
And here's Jack Nichols and sitting there with that typewriter,
typing up a star.
And then you look at it and he's just typing gibberish.
Well, that movie freaked me out for a long time.
Did it really?
But I was little and hated it.
I hated the shining.
But anyway, it sure is how it was no Christina.
I'll tell you that.
When you like to have a car that would go in like,
just take care of certain people like it didn't that movie.
Yeah, it'd be nice.
Like an automatic pilot.
You just whisper to it, hey, go, I'll run over.
Jump out.
Or whoever, you know.
That was down 10 points, not a big deal.
I'm just all whipped up about those numbers,
because if they're very much the same, now, now, what were you saying
that they're going to be changing more often like once every five years instead of once every hundred?
Something like that.
What was wrong with the old methodology?
Was there some problem with it?
Well, I guess, you know, technology they want to be with, you know, with times.
Yeah.
Well, that's coming up at noon.
I can't wait.
I'm on the edge of my seat.
If you're planning a Scientology wedding reception,
don't settle for ordinary entertainment.
Call Scientology wedding DJs.
Ladies and gentlemen, time to dance off that delicious dinner.
This one's going on to Zenu, who dropped those atomic bombs.
That was Volcano's a million earth years ago.
It's the gap band.
You dropped a bomb on me.
You really should have come right out of the way.
Only at Scientology wedding DJ can give your special day that special Scientology touch.
Alrighty folks, time for the bride.
The throw the bouquet.
So let's have a whole let's think of women with an operating peak level up seven or higher.
I'm a dance bro.
Come on now.
You know, here we are.
Scientology wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect celebration.
Look at showing droopies the brainwash bride.
Look at showing droopies the brainwash bride.
Oh, there we go.
Look at showing droopies the brainwash bride.
Give them all fake round of applause everybody.
I thank you.
You know, knowing history of Scientology wedding DJs,
but Scientology wedding DJs do.
Don't be glib.
Call them out.
Okay, 1046 and 560 WQAM.
Danny North Miami Beach.
Danny, you're a perfect example of what I was talking about a billion times before.
The poll question isn't name a great movie that you like.
He says network is absolutely brilliant.
Yes it is.
What about great patino stuff before he became an impersonation of himself.
Cepricod, dog day afternoon or godfather part two.
Other than godfather, which includes the first one and the second one obviously.
Is the a poll.
He says I think dear hunter is great as well.
So like George would have said where he here just send us a list of movies.
You follow what I'm saying?
Yep.
Idiotic.
What about this and what about that?
Those aren't my favorite movies.
I like dog day afternoon just fine.
It was good.
Edica.
Edica.
It was good.
Very good.
And now one of my all time favorites.
How is it possible for listeners for other people out there?
Of course, you know when people are telling me how to do the show and how to live my life and how to spend my money.
Why not tell me what movies I should like?
Jesus, Danny, get real.
Get serial.
What a clown.
Oh, speaking of clowns and this ties in with what I said before about how everything in America is a racial thing.
Right.
OJ Simpson is appealing to the Nevada Supreme Court to overturn his conviction on LA armed robbery and kidnapping charges.
A court clerk says his appeal was filed yesterday in Carson City.
If you could have seen when I first walked into that building, the old building, a QAM.
All these pictures of OJ on the walls, the Water Notsie people that you never even met.
Water Notsie screwing, you know her.
And a bunch of other jocks and ifres.
Oh, OJs are hero OJs.
And this is after the murders, of course.
The appeal of the legislature's Simpsons conviction in a hotel room confrontation with two sports memorabilia dealers was tainted by judicial misconduct,
Dr. Lack of racial diversity on the jury and errors in sentencing and jury instructions.
The document criticizes Clark County District Judge Jackie Glass and accuses prosecutors of improperly questioning witnesses about allegations and it of intimidation.
Lack of racial diversity on the jury.
It could take a year or more for justice to wish we were ruling.
The former football star was convicted last October serving nine to 33 years in state prison.
500 years ain't enough, but 33 will do.
He'll be pushing up daysies in less than 33.
All Manny from Acapulco, the fake Manny from Kendall says, scar faces better than any of those movies on your poll list.
Well, guess what? I'm not a big scar face fan to say the best.
If I never heard of it again, it would be too soon.
And then it says, is it possible your taste in movies sucked? What a coma and it says comma inducing,
coma inducing less than movie seriously says, Manny. Well, if you don't like him too bad,
you think it's a coma inducing list? I think that every movie on air or maybe with exception of one or two.
Now I'm sticking with the comma inducing. Yeah, comma inducing, Manny.
Manny has a spelling problem just like your buddy, a sedano's fake agent.
Haven't heard from him in quite a while, the fake agent.
No. 385 votes still haven't heard from Eric or anybody else about the thing with the number of list news online.
Whether the total that I get includes the ones who are listening on QM dot com, I doubt it.
I doubt it also. You doubt it?
Other than Godfather of all the movies, Neil Loves, which one you like best, that includes Godfather,
first one and number two and number three, which I'm the only person in the world who likes that one.
Network 91. I hate them all has moved into a second place time with a clockwork or in 64. I hate them all.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 60 deliverance 46, Requiem for dream 22, Dracula 15, Magnolia 6, the hospital 6,
FATSO 5, Imaginary Heroes 5, Covenant 1, Christine don't have any.
What a coma inducing list of movies.
But at any rate.
Oh, here's one from Kerry pull miss spelling. Oh, I already read this. You have the covenant as the covenant. Yeah.
You made a mistake. You made a mistake. It's been fixed. Oh, has it been fixed? Eric was right on top of it.
Thanks so much for pointing out somebody's typographical error. You asked clown you.
That was down 31 point. No big deal. No biggie.
Camp in Hollywood beat says could you please play engine killer, which I did. And he says I got to hear it.
And why isn't Roman Mahias in the Hall of Fame?
How about you don't remember Roman Mahias played for the pirates a hundred years ago? 1960.
I believe he was on that 60 championship team with Bob Skinner and Geno Somole and Roberto Clemente and all those guys rocking else and then Dick Stewart.
Wow. That's good team. And Don Hogue and Dick Groot and Vernon Law and
Elroy face. Oh, speaking to that. So I heard Joe talking about this this morning.
Baseball star Jose Conceco destroyed by seven foot two Korean kickboxer in Japanese MMA MMA tournament.
What are we going to do about the King Drung? You're going to send out with Baldwin over there to get him? Maybe.
I think we got some real tourists coming there with that son of a bitch. He's crazy in a bed bug. Yeah.
And he was just ill and I think he's probably got syphilis or something like that.
Striding to the ring, wearing blue gloves, no shirt and wielding a baseball bat. Former L. Major League baseball superstar Jose Conceco looked every inch a cartoon superhero in the moments leading up to his professional mixed martial arts debut.
I bet you're at Rosanna Dana is really crushed over this. He also looked petrified and he had good reason. It says this is from the Vancouver sun.
His opponent seven foot two three hundred and thirty pounds off Korean kickboxing monster, Hong Man Choi.
A fighter so humongous that when entering the ring, he stepped over the ring ropes rather than through them. Oh, man. Yeah.
Why can't Conceco sign up for what looked like nothing more than excuse to beat up a celebrity? Hey, it's Conceco.
The first multi-millionaire professional athlete to charge children five dollars in autograph who needs an excuse for insanity.
The six figure figure paycheck reportedly helped that's right. Everybody now needs the money. Oh, yeah. Yeah, he got rocked.
Good. Choi and Conceco squared off as part of the Japanese Dream 9 Super Hulk mixed martial arts tournament yesterday.
And the interest was high. This is not a fight that'll be heralded as a shining example of the sport sport. My ass.
As the contest began, surprisingly was Conceco landed the first punch with a wild looping right hook to choice.
And the first punch was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the
punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch
that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that was the first punch that
was it was spirit truth has been delivered within believe that what was happening in the last two years and from the deep gate. Listen to me and listen to you mind I don't know.
Oh God, if you could see the stuff that's on here.
Oh, here's one from Jimmy Cifilis. It's all in good fun, Neal. You are our queen, Manny.
Yeah, all the stuff from over there is from a Manny from Kindle. He's Jimmy Cifilis' producer and a real chronic, crazy person.
Manny, the one I used to crank call Randy. What's the story with Randy? She back on the air. I guess so.
I haven't heard. Haven't heard a word. Maybe not in this market, you think? Could be. Maybe somebody knows. Here's George Update.
I got an email from George Days ago responding to email. It's about treasure chest. It's about some strip thing.
You know, the thing with George, how does he have the time? I guess now he's got the time, but even before when he was still working.
He responds to these emails. Don't you find that rather? I don't know. It says you can listen to Randy Rhodes live on Talk Radio XM Channel 165.
Now? Yep, what time is she on? 3 to 6 p.m. Well, thank God she and I'm like between 10 and 2. We're not going to be promoting that.
With our point two. So we got only an hour to wait before those big arbitrarons knew that new technology comes raining down on our head. I'm thinking maybe a point one.
Oh, Neil. You're listening to Neil Rogers. This is the Neil Rogers show.
Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
Or white man and suits, the two main questions of court and white man and suits, I'm on dresser with dress, the white man and suits, I'm very self and court and white man and suits, you should all be sentenced to death.
And respect and all is there, white man and suits, the history of two faced white man and suits, we should lock up all you dirty, cracker, clear.
You fairly.
Love and O3 at QIM, happy Wednesday too. So here's one from an email from Hyman Wrath, not Roth, Wrath, WRATH.
Okay.
I don't want to say there's a lot of illiterate people out there, but you know what?
There's a lot of illiterate people out there. Are you sure?
Hyman Wrath, a Shawshank Redemption in Green Mile, are two Stephen King books that translated to great movies, pet cemetery was okay as well.
I didn't see pet cemetery and I have Shawshank Redemption in the other room and I still refuse to watch it.
And I think that cemetery was horrible. Well, there you go.
Now what's that got to do with Christine? Christine was fine. Was you know, not not a not one of the all time great movies, one of my favorites, but that doesn't make it great.
Any more than a covenant.
Covenants got one vote. Christine's got one finally and we got four and a eight votes. Anyway, Eric.
Try to clarify, but he only confused it for me. Maybe you understand this. Okay. It says, I think the number you're looking at is the number of clicks on the listen link.
Note that if someone is having problems with the stream, they may have clicked on it more than once. Yeah, I do take that into account on days when the thing drops out.
You know, we have like 80's in people allegedly listening. I realize that they're clicking on a whole bunch of times to try to reconnect. Right.
But here's the point I want you to listen to very carefully being the technical expert and pervert that you are since the advertising box that pops up is delivered from QAM site.
QAMs count should already include hours. But it does not know what we get what I look at is not the clicks.
I get the actual listeners at the time that I click on and look. So I can tell you exactly how many listeners are online at that time or that moment. Yeah, at that moment. So it's different.
And when did you get that 500 number? I can go back and look like in 10 minutes segments. How many people you had listening online at any given time.
And I think it was at 12 o'clock between 12 and 12 10 when it switches. There was 510. And I think even moment at the number I'm looking at is the total number of people who listen online during the day. Right.
And I look at the actual live listening that's going on at that moment. And then it was more than arbitrage. It gives us credit for the whole audience. Right.
Fastards retards.
John and Lakeworth says Randy is on WJNO up here. West Palm Beach 69 PM on the delay. They replaced your time slot with Sean Manatee.
Sean Manatee. I mean, what kind of a name is that? Is that like Eddie Artvark Sean Manatee? No, I'm guessing he's saying Sean Hannity but making fun of him because he's fat. Oh, I see.
Well, I'm glad you picked that up because you know, I'm not into Sean Hannity at all. He's just a big fat right wing blowhard. That reminds me. Did you see man Cal get water boarded? No, he did it and admitted that yes. It's definitely torture. He only had he hit it like for like two seconds and gave up.
He sure made an impact in this market. I'll say to that. Yeah, he's an ass. He had a point. He never moved the needle on the Richter scale. Of course, who am I to be talking about numbers now after that point to?
Anyway, Randy's on a handful of stations. I believe she's broadcasting from Washington DC. Nothing but ultra right wing Nazi radio here in South Florida says John down to your talk show only.
Flea is doing a good job. He's tops in my book after admitting he tagged that dead hockey players girlfriend. Hope you're well. Yeah, I'm okay, John. I'm doing all right.
And you know where I'm going today? Woodbine. No. Close, but not a match in the board goes back. Remember that show constipation with the Hugh Downs? Oh, James. Sure.
And then Alex Trebek was on it once upon a time about five minutes. I can't stand in. I'm going to Mohawk. What's Mohawk?
Mohawk is the other horse track here. The harness they have the harness race meeting going on now. But they also have a course like all the Ontario race.
I know they've got shots. I'm going to give it a shot. Mohawk. It's a lot farther. So off the 401. Okay.
Fake Barry Jack says about seven 90 the ticket word is Howard Davis and Steve White like George, but are concerned about his lack of sports knowledge and how he would fit in at the station.
I'll tell you how he fit in at the station on that morning show. Goose it up a little bit for crying out loud. Goose it up a lot.
Because what I'm hearing from you and everybody else who's heard it. It's just a real turdburger.
Mm-hmm. That George said on a morning show with what's your name? Crystal Fernandez. Crystal Fernandez Schwartz.
Then Barry asks, who coined the term compelling radio? Bubba loves bunch. Bench and the phrase came from you. Oh, Bubba, well, he stopped talking about me already for crying out loud.
Jesus God between me and Hulk Hogan and who's the other one. WQM should start a billboard campaign with it.
We're all listening for the ratings. His very about you are. Yeah, I'll bet you are ratings. My ass anybody who considers these numbers ratings, even if we buy and there's there's no way we're going to have a number. No.
I will have a number. I'll write, but I mean a decent number, not not even a respectable one.
The fake Steve Rodinero says, good morning, you I'm enjoying this compelling talk about your favorite movie list.
By the way, the compelling thing was Mr Radio, whoever that jackasses, which I've blocked a hundred times.
Did you ever see my movie? It was titled Making Mr. Right. No, I didn't, Steve. Oh, I think you'll enjoy it.
I'm also sure it will not crack your top 10 movies list, making Mr. Right 1987 newscaster. Also Glenn Rinker was in the movie, the shining. He was on TV doing the news.
Remember that? No, not really. Yeah, the TV was on in the back and Glenn Rinker was the stinker. Isn't he dead? Glenn Rinker?
He was like a little midgic. Did they, uh, Schmidt can Bob Mayor a channel for yet or what? You know, I don't know. I never watch the local television.
You never watch the local news? Never. It sounds to me like you're out of touch, Mr. I guess better touch it or maybe I'm in touch.
Yeah, if you're not watching the local news your way ahead of the game, I would agree with that. It blows. Yeah, Bob Mayor is a good guy though.
He's about two feet tall. He said him on 15 phone books. And I'm wondering if they pushed him out the door because they, you know, what they did with Bob Weaver.
Fred Gwyn was the only good thing in pet cemetery says somebody.
Surely, Jan is back. Didn't you like Kerry? Yeah, I liked it. It's not one of my all time favorites, though.
I mean, is that is that going to be the nature of the conversation now? Which movies did you like or didn't you like?
The question is other than Godfather of all the movies, Neil loves. Which one do you like the best? Not one that he likes or might want to see again or thinks they're okay or pretty good. No.
Neil loves. Got it. Making Mr. Wright has John knock a bit in it. So maybe it's good. Oh, yeah, big deal. He's good.
And Steve Rodden arrow. F we're an actor. I'll bad actor wouldn't surprise me if it's the real one, you know.
One thing about these emails, do you think any of these people are the real people? No. At least, Manny from Kendall now is out of the closet over there at IOD.
We know that I always suspected it all along anyway. I know the real Jimmy Cifalist don't have time for me or this show.
Network 97, Clark or in 74, I hate them all 69. The fact that there's even one for I hate them all on this list. There are so many sensational movies on this list. How could you hate deliverance, for example?
Can you imagine hating that movie? No.
Or Dracula with Bellalagosi, you've got to be a real turd to hate that movie. Yes, can't be sure it's can't that's that's the whole idea, right? But it's legendary.
Eddie, Eddie, come help me, Eddie. You see that Edward. Oh, Edward was great.
Jim and Cooper City says your attorney should be working for you for free for all the publicity you give money here. I know a lot of attorneys I never heard of Mr. Kent till I listen to your show that's Miss Kent.
Lawyers paid thousands of dollars a month to advertise their firms and I bet Norma gets lots of clients out of your listeners. Jim and Cooper City know he was just lamenting that fact the other day.
I want to be fully compensated. He was lamenting the fact that if I said good things about him and what a great job he does then maybe he might get some more clients and make some more money.
Holy machina, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
On the last Norma Kent attorney at Laura, the defense has no further questions. You don't want to cross the way.
Then I'd have to get up and you call yourself a lawyer. I object your honor to what I move for recess.
You move. I'm having a movement, Your Honor and I feel it's my duty.
Hello, I'm Norma Kent. If you're in need of my Oistwile services or you need me to draw up a iron clad contract complete with holes where I cut the paper dolls out.
Call 1-800-What? I mean I got to get up and do something then leave a message and I won't get back to you. That's the lower offices of Norma Kent.
See Habla Espanyol and Portia Gaze.
1117-560-WQAM so Pollock gives me the good news. Bob Mayer hasn't been completely shoved out the door but he's doing the 5-7AM news and NBC6.
When he's sticky 5-7AM that's like one step from the door and Paul says broadcast news rules. I've tried to watch that a few times. Maybe about 10 minutes into it.
You know what other movie I watched 10 minutes of and I shut it off. Pineapple Express. It's all to be. It's horrible. It is. I don't think it was even 10 minutes.
I mean I'm just one of those people if it's a movie I'm sitting at home watching on TV and I just can't get into it. I'll just flip the channel.
I'll see if they're going to continue watching if I find it. Pandorus. And Pineapple Express was beyond Pandorus was just unwatchable.
Yeah and I like this kind of movie. Even Alexander who's just a real chronic ass clown. You notice how there are some people who they keep listening but they're always like.
Everything they send you is negative. He says are you a real clockwork or a clockwork orange fan? I think they're coming for Steve here.
Can you hear it? I can hear it. No. Do you know why it's called a clockwork orange? No I didn't know and I Google it says where does the name come from but you can't do it without looking it up. No I could not do without looking it up.
Does that make me not a fan? See I'm not one of those people that has to know trivia. It's like music. Oh do you really like such and such a group? Who's the drummer and who's you know does this and who you know like that? Right.
Sudo intellectual idiots ass clowns like Stephen Alexander. You know where the name is comes from? I have no idea where you will now.
The title is taken from an old Cockney expression as queer as a clockwork orange and loads to the prevention of the main characters exercise of his free will through the use of classical conditioning technique.
With this technique the subjects emotional responses to violence are systematically paired with a negative stimulation the form of nausea caused by an ametic medicine administered just before in other words they make a computer's gut sound.
And so I'm a big fan of the movie I watched it several times and I know I learned something today thanks to Stephen challenging me. Do you know why I mentioned there are two people out of the entire audience of 50 who would be able to answer that.
Queer is a clockwork orange. There you go Stephen puts anyway this pull is elicited lot of response mostly negative as you'd expect.
Rosenhouse fired by football player. The story is on Yahoo Sports. Have you heard also Peters as a lie yesterday as the first thing I mentioned today talked about it at length.
Peters as well he was a good player not a great player is a good player good defensive forward excellent face off man number 25 maple leaves.
Oh here's one from Hyman Rath I'm not illiterate on colonial I'm a solidly semi literate my handle was obviously a week attempt at cheekiness. Oh.
It says if you have to explain a joke it's not very good that's right Hyman Rath Rothstein.
443 votes on the pool other than the Godfather of all the movies near loves which one do you like the best.
And these are the list of movies that I love I'm not saying that they're the best movies ever that you got a love I'm just asking which one do you like the best that's all.
Network 100 clockwork or in 76 I hate them all 69.
Then Gary Glen Ross 66 as in you fairy.
Deliverance 50 Requiem for Dream 30 Dracula 16 Fats oh nine Magnolia 8 the hospital 8 imaginary heroes 5 I haven't seen any of these movies to all come on Christine to in a covenant to.
Haven't seen any of these movies can't can you imagine that no.
What what is with these people are they like in a locked in a room somewhere they're locked in a crypt.
My God and I'm sure I left you know many off of here but I you know I pondered and pondered and wondered and thought about it.
And then I said okay what's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time what a great movie.
I'm finding that people under an age you know young punks they don't like it.
No special effects moves too slowly for them they fall asleep in the middle of it has a storyline.
What it has a storyline yeah.
I suppose it's just a bunch of special effects right an Arnold isn't in it.
So David says I did get an email from Georgia couple days ago responding to email I sent him a 13.
I asked him what the name of the featured performer that was that used to grace the stage at treasure island and fire ping pong balls from her.
He came back with a correct response ironically I emailed him our listening on the internet living in anapolis Maryland now and learned on that day of the
countertops surrounding his potential departure once I realized what was going on I hadn't listened over a year I'm ashamed to say I apologize for asking such a trivial question during the breaking
conversation I hope he as well and we hope he as well to we haven't heard since the Sunday today is already Wednesday.
As the native Miami graduated from beach high in 76 a long time list you started listening 82 to WNWS that iconic lineup of Alice Rantel surely tweeters Steve Cain and the
erodgers and was Jerry wishing around late night after you yes all through the show iteration since.
Move to anapolis almost three years ago but check in when I can you're still the greatest radio talent I've ever heard not that my
accolades mean anything I wish you the best how do you like that David in anapolis says I'm the greatest radio talent he's ever heard I guess
his radio don't pick up to many station not with a point to see that number means nothing to me yeah anybody who would believe
it's got to be you know just somebody who hates me like poison or somebody who doesn't understand the audience or
it doesn't understand why I'm concerned about having your own studio so we can do the things that we need to do in our
own studio like communicate in the morning and other times and so sales people like muff can come in and communicate and
confabulate I don't understand why it's such a big deal how can anybody in my lifetime I have never ever
worked for I mean I work for some real bozos and I'm sure you have to but I've never worked for anybody who is so
consistently negative negative and whatever I'm concerned about whatever I need whatever we need on the show I don't
ever understand it what's the big deal why you always making trouble blah blah blah you know that's him as opposed to being
supportive or constructive or like that you know and then when he's telling me about how we need to be compelling every
moment because people now are very antsy with the dial and if if you don't keep them glued in they're going to
they're going to go away that's how he's explaining this whole new system oh that's what they're discovering is that
people are very very itchy how I was running Paul then got a 12.5 share I don't know I think it's funny that now all
the sudden we need to do compelling radio starting now yeah how about back in the winter when we had the
six seven share not compelling what do you mean by that how do we get the six seven then oh I guess it was
compelling then it was compelling how about all those other years when we were dominating before before your
buddy came to the market how about all those years we must have been pretty compelling back then of course that's
before they you know I'm not going to go through it there's there's no point because then it just sounds like
sour grapes now it's all your fault me it's all your fault you're old and gay and funny and yeah as opposed to
the young and gay stevens is and justice for all should be on the list well what what does that mean how can
you tell me what movies I love I like that movie a lot and justice for all it's great but it's not one of my
all-time favorites how could anybody out there tell me what should be on the list that's like that's like
going to the doctor in the you say the doctor hey doc how do I feel you know I just as make any sense how's he going to tell you how you feel
one of the best endings to a film ever also you need to see full metal jacket and then that would be on
list as well Glenn Gehrig Glenn Ross is God so Steve well good Stephen I'm happy for you I'm not going to put movies on
there that other people tell me I should like for latsman to the fake time jikers says for latsman and WLR
entry up on the 4.5 share men 2554 ninth in the market then we say that yesterday yes ask way to
queue up these 0.0 drop for today's ppm ratings I guess meaning for us could be
Nielis it ever crossed your mind that perhaps do the incompetent engineering department at WQM that more people are
listening online than you over the air it says I listen on my blackberry while driving because online
listeners don't have to put up with a static popping cracking snapping and crackling lightning strikes see their cruise
music and it goes on and on and on I agree with that though it's easier to listen online and it is listen to the radio
well when we get in that big boost in the signal what are they doing that that the soon is it true I think it's true yeah
you think it's true don't don't beat around a bush on this one this is too important well I've been told it's true I've been told it's
happening wow only one thing I can say to that that would be something that people could actually hear us on the
ear then maybe we might get like a 0.5 0.6 33 minutes and those numbers are going to be coming puking out
are these going to his clearance going to be running in with these are what well he said to be patient because he doesn't
know how to use the system completely yet so that's why I asked the question I knew there'd be some crap going on he doesn't know how to
use the system yet I thought he was the program director well it's a new system and he's kind of struggling through it a little bit
a clearance you're struggling you're struggling of course for him that's nothing new I know you're fond of him
11 27 and 5 60 WQM near Rogers here for my friends at East Coast Public Adjusters they have a hurricane Wilma claim you'd like to reopen did you
know they have five years to reopen any insurance claim if you're like some of my friends you probably were underpainted and treated unfairly well guess what you can reopen that claim with the help of pat
in the team at East Coast Public Adjusters for over 30 years count them. East Coast Public Adjusters is represented property owners making sure they get the most out of their claim
and the best part is they only get paid if they get you more money there's no risk nothing to lose they've reopened thousands of claims that they can do the same for you call today 305
4410882 whether for your home or business East Coast Public Adjusters will get you the money you need and deserve call 305
4410882 or go to online East Coast Public Adjusters.com until that Neil sent you by 305
4410882
if you have any pants on and why do you look around Jenny come on, if you are coaching a lingerie team and had an erection that rose and fell
like an intake valve you wouldn't wear pants even show some respect for those with a penis okay girls that's it that's all in the
shower moving let's go right behind
never to shout
haha not all that far out from I'm sure what happens in the real locker rooms you know the guys yeah but then again we'll let the X-Jocks tell you all about that
not you know something will never ever press up to the kind of crap that went on and you can be sure that there's crap I'm sure
Oh here I ask and you shall receive Tim Jones George and I was agent good morning I can now he's now he's misspelling things intentionally MORN UNG
Mr. Rogers I've been following your show closely since the departure of George Rodriguez I must say your show took a
looking and it keeps on ticking which is a good thing I've heard some of the emails you have read I want to tell you you have some crazy people
emailing your show they must not realize there's nobody offering any real money at this time for any radio host in any radio market keep up the
great job I will keep on listening he's not inviting me to lunch anymore wow that's bad Tim Jones George should on the fake
agent he's at least he spelled his plants name right now that's good with one hand that I was not only 10 points it's just it's not
doing much it's not moving or shaking wait a year this shocking news now that it's 11 33 only 27 before noon before
a little hand hits the big hand Barry Jack S Arbitron pushes back New York City released a June 8th of the new
technology I can't see that word I don't know why in an email to its subscribers Arbitron announced
that it'll postpone the release date of the April 2009 New York monthly data and New York data for May week one again from Wednesday
May 27 at noon to Monday June 8th at noon I wonder if ours is going to get pushed back haven't heard that while conducting a
quality review in advance of the release of the April data Arbitron discovered that manually entered population numbers and
one instance had been transposed in the internal files used for processing New York data the email noted we
subsequently reviewed all markets and found no other instances of transposition that means we'll get the numbers.
They'll still going to be full of crap but we'll get them.
Arbitron also found that the transposition which occurred during preparation for October 2008 report processing appears to have affected New
York audience estimates for the holiday 2008 March 2009 report period sufficiently to warrant the issuance of revised
audience estimates for those report periods so now they're covering their ass they're scrambling to cover their ugly ass.
Please note that as well we're taking additional quality control measures for future reports these measures include the replacement of manual
processes that rely on clinical data entry with automated processes were possible a lot of processes being processed processed.
Here that's processed then that sound really fishy to you.
Yes scrambling around to cover their ass because the whole thing is bogus.
Blackie who's just get a life blackie or a good guy but Jesus God every time you say I'll be damned or reminds me of the scene from the great movie The Magnificent 7 that's not on my list and not going to be.
The scene happens to the end when Brad Dexter dies in Neil Brenner's arms his last words were I'll be damned.
Are you impressed by that or what? That was a good movie too. I love these Bill Curtis spot.
I've come to this court to challenge his speed on the Internet. I'll be using the 3G AT&T laptop.
Bill Curtis and Andy Roddick I like the one with the box. That's my favorite one. Yeah when he jumps at him a little bit.
Yeah. Yeah. Where it throws the fake punch into the box it jumps back to jump about five feet in the air. Who is that box?
Oh I don't remember now some guy some dark and collective guy. Don in the bell says you're full of crap.
You. Oh I am. He says I checked the FCC records about a month ago when you mentioned a rumored power increase for WQM and found nothing there.
The station owners would have to make a request for any power changes or antenna modifications.
My guess is this maybe someone's future plan but nothing has been filed with the FCC so don't hold your breath. That could be true.
What that could be true. I doubt it but it could be. Well it flies in the face of what you told us just moments ago.
I'm just telling you what I'm being told and what I'm being told is it's happening. When what year what I would say 18 months.
Well that 18 months that's all like imminent. No 18 months that's a year and a half when you get to be my age a year and a half is looking a long way down the road mister.
Year and a half my ass holy moly oh guess who died and I didn't tell you who besides Peter's Ezel broke sure never heard of her.
No I think I say broke shields. I know you think we would have already discussed that if broke shields would have croaked.
I would think so yeah. Brooke sure dies at 58 former journalist and personal aid to Hillary Clinton.
She had directed the White House Fellows program and served in the interior department has died. She died May 19 or home in Washington DC.
She was married to strobe Talbot a high ranking state department official in the Clinton White House who heads the Brookings Institution Research and Policy Center in Washington.
A couple's lives and careers were intertwined with those of President Clinton whom Talbot rumored with at Oxford University in the early 70s.
Sheer became close to Clinton's wife Hillary now the Secretary of State she became close with her well one can only speculate about that.
Hey swillery you fairy the ice princess during the 92 presidential campaign she was Hillary's personal aid or friend advisor short order cook as the ever irreverent sheer once put it after the election she oversaw the White House Fellows program which allows promising applicants to get executive branch experience during Clinton's career.
The second term she worked in the interior department helping develop cut developing countries established national park systems.
She did this she did that but a beat but a boot but her father Lloyd sheer wrote parade magazines personality parade featuring that feature under the pen name Walter Scott and her mother Marva was long fan editor at House beautiful magazine.
I'm sure one of your favorites and it goes on and on her mother Marva 92 was still alive.
Wow and she was only 58. How's mom oh she's still alive I'm dead but she's still alive.
I think I've got the wrong yeah I do wrong copy and a good thing I caught it just before I then I looked nice job. Oh wow.
This copy book I have a red copy book that's just loaded with stuff of course most of these aren't on anymore should I clean it out when in doubt throughout a bunch of old crap.
In fact I think that's what I'm going to do over the upcoming weekend I'm going to do house cream going to go through all the drawers in the studio.
Oh I've got oh you have no idea how much crap there is in here you have a lot of crap in your drawers. Well some days hopefully not again soon it's not a pleasant experience.
Not lately you'll be pleased to know not lately that's good although when you get to be my every now and then you're like oh gee I hope that's not what I think it's going to be and it hasn't been lately.
20 till noon till noon at 560 W.M. Boy it won't be long before Clarice is going to come running in there saying oh you guys suck are you sure yeah.
Hey Luis Miguel play it baby. She was a community icon in a community that needs can I got a smaller as I can tell.
She was the fantastic icon of plastic. Celia crew.
And the video records presents the dulcet ball if you were sounds of Celia crews she's dead you know.
She was so beautiful.
If you are sweet she's good baby.
Celia crew. Celia to lose for you. Available now with the keys to use CD and boy.
Let me 45 at 560 W. Can't you feel a pressure building oh yeah as it gets closer to noon.
I bet you're clear it's doing the green apple quick step right now.
The fake Wayne Heisinger says if you want to learn how to compel the audience listen to the archive from Wednesday to Friday.
The EA is a compelling dynamic broadcaster. I'll create a massive spike on the new thing.
The power of the EA compels you compels COMPL ES compels you.
Those shows Wednesday through Friday the few minutes that I heard was the worst swill in the history of the subhuman race.
Is there any debate about that. I don't say no. I didn't listen to be agreeable.
I didn't listen. You didn't hear any of it you heard some of it. I heard very little of it. Yeah. Me too.
I heard the suck fast and after that I turned it off. That was embarrassing.
See there are some people with massive egos they love having everybody kiss their ass. I resent that. I can't stand it.
It's gratuitous and it's just it's unnecessary and it's just nauseating.
Love your show Larry. Thank you. Thank you. Love your show Larry. Thank you.
My annual Chapstick says WQM and Eorange's dot com are not the only places to get the live stream of the show.
There are dozens of you are else to get your show. How do you like that? Did you know that? I did not.
For example, and he's got one here with all these numbers WQM AMC MP3. How can you possibly accurately capture all the listeners that are out there?
I'm not saying we can. I'm just telling you the ones that we can track.
He says the rating services are crap and we'll never know how many are listening. The scientific statistical formulas are garbage.
So they know just how many sites are mirroring the broadcast by a monkey in a dartboard and stopping arbitrage on the rest of those crappy services.
Tell them that my annual Chapstick told him to stick it up there.
Welcome. Ask. Or as Sally Fitz would say.
Were you around when Sally Fitz was here? Definitely not. No.
Well, she was Channel 7. She was part of the hysterical Channel 7 news team.
And she had this habit of. Well, I don't know how to say it delicately. She used to insert certain objects in certain parts of her body.
And have to be rushed to the hospital. And then she was out during Hurricane Andrew down in homestead at the 10th city.
And she was on the year live, but must have forgotten about it for just a second. And the heat of emotion. They said,
Sally, you're on the air and she still said. So she said it twice. But nevertheless.
I don't know. I wonder what ever happened to Sally's fits. If the food fits where she hated me boy, because they used to make fun of all her accidents on the year.
Because Channel 7 and I would be were like, you know, side by each right next door there on the 79th street, cause way.
And one day I ran into her in front of the building. She was going to lunch and I was doing something. And.
And she said, Oh, I just want to let you know I don't appreciate those things you say on the air, but I said, Well, you know what, Sally, I that's too bad.
I really don't care. And she gave me a look like, Oh, how dare you say that to a famous and news bitch like me.
And I just chuckled and went to my car and went off to whatever. But that's meaningless to you because you don't know from Sally fits.
Right. That's back when Rick Sanchez was on Channel 7. Okay. I know him. How sad.
Oh, Stephen Alexander. Does he have something informative? Interesting. Who's obviously a clockwork orange groupie? He's the one that sent me the thing.
You are you really a fan? See for me to be a fan of a movie doesn't that mean I have to be a groupie? Let me say it again.
Stanley Kubrick introduced Basil Alex's pet snake only after he discovered that Malcolm McThowell is terrified of snakes in real life. How do you like that?
The scene where Alex has sex with the two girls in fast forward wasn't done as an artistic statement. Kubrick just sped up the scenes we could get to pass the sensors and the MPAA.
During the filming of the Ludo Vico scene, what what is that? I don't know. Malcolm McThowell actually had one of his corneus scratched.
He states that he didn't realize it until he was leaving the set and the anesthetic were off. He also states that it felt like he is someone hammered a nail in his eye.
Anthony Burgess originally sold a movie rights to make Jagger for 500 bucks. We needed quick cash. Jagger intended to make it with the Rolling Stones as the Drugs.
Lot of clockwork orange trivia here from Stephen. Obviously he's got an obsession. Stanley Kubrick's first cut before having several assistant editors ran almost four hours. Kubrick had his assistant destroy all of the used footage.
Quite a Malcolm McThowell. The sped up sex scene was originally filmed as an unbroken take lasting 28 minutes. It actually belonged enough.
Remember that scene where he was going into the prison and standing there naked in front of that guy with a mustache that hit Lurian cop.
Standing at the table stark naked. Malcolm McThowell.
You remember that? Oh yeah, I did for sure. No, okay. Sometimes I say something and it's like, I don't know. Are you like speaking softly, killing you softly with your song or what? That was a great movie.
By the way, play Misty for me. Not one of my all time favorites. Not for the list. That's what 1950s some. No, get out of here. 50. My ass. Play Misty for me. What year was that?
Google it. I don't know like 70 something late 60s early 70s. Not 50. Jesus. God almighty man.
One 52 minutes only eight minutes before noon. Clarissa is going to come in there bouncing up and out. You guys got a zero. You guys got a. Yeah.
1970s early 70s. You saw right? Play Misty for me. Yeah, but I didn't know it was directed by Clint Eastwood and Evelyn was the chick's name. Who was it? What was the actress? That would be Jessica Jessica.
Walter Walter. Right. Oh, you're looking at it. I'm looking at it and you're looking at it. Yep. The boxer in the commercial is Floyd Mayweather, Jr. says somebody.
Hey, the Bill Curtis. Thank you, but that means nothing to me. I don't know from boxing. Now, he's good. He's good. What? He's good boxer. Not as good as Bill Curtis. No. He flinched.
Here's one from John Z. T. R. says I remember correctly the reason George didn't like doubt is because he said nothing happens. Anyway, if you like,
directly and for a dream, you're probably like other movies from the same director. The wrestler is one and the fountain is another watch the wrestler, but skip the fountain. I will not watch the wrestler.
I don't think he directed the wrestler. He produced it. Didn't he direct the movie where the guy puts a drill through his head? Pi. Yes. Horrible movie.
What a waste of time. With the orthodox Jew and all the formulas and stuff, all the numbers. So I told him going to Mohawk. I haven't had any response from anybody out there. Any my Canadian friends with a Mohawk is good with the shots.
So you've never been there before? No, I have not. It's pretty far. It's like about a 45 minute drive west to the sin in Campbellville. Now you cabin it there. That'd be healthy far. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, but my cabbie. He's believed me. There's no business now. Everybody's out of work. Everybody's broke. Everybody's crying. We got no money. Including him. But he's a good guy. He's in a lot of good things for me here. It's always good to have a connection. You know, when we were living in a foreign land.
I was the pressure inside the building. Is it feel like there's a hurricane coming or an earthquake or something? No, not really. Love them 53, 7 minutes before noon. I fully expect within minutes after noon clearance is going to come in. Oh, I can't figure this out. Damn it. I'll get back to you. You think that's what's going to happen. I would say absolutely. Really, you have no confidence in your, you're the assisted program director. And you have no confidence in your assistant. I will say I will be surprised if we get the numbers before 1 o'clock. Really? Yeah.
Oh, that's that's more that's agony. That's more pressure than my old body can stand. Although I've stood some recently. You know, I've survived. How do you like that, buddy? Nevin's I'm still here and still alive with my point to share screw you, buddy.
Here's the poll results so far other than Godfather of all the movies near loves which one do you like the best of all the movies near loves not the ones that you like the best of all the movies near likes the best which one do you like best network 109 a clockwork orange 82. I hate them all 74.
Blangiri Glen Ross 72. Oh, you know something we should also put the exercise just on there. Okay. Speaking of that made me think of that.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 72 deliverance 56 Requiem for Dream only 33 Dracula 16, FATSO 14 Magnolia 10. I haven't seen any of these movies 9. That's just I'm sorry. I do not get it.
But then again, there's people haven't seen the Godfather. That's crazy. Well, I know one. Do you? Yeah, Alison Turner who used to work here has never seen the Godfather. Well, strapper to a cheer maker, watch it.
Hospital 9, imaginary heroes 5, the covenant 3 and Christine 2 out of 494 vote 1156 at 560 WQ a.m. We got the big oh, oh coming along or two o'clock. I wonder what his take is and all those rumors about you know what?
Hmm. I'm hearing him from all sorts of sources and that's because kids got a big New York mouth.
This is really quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour hours. Don't leave a message here. I'm calling to speak with a management.
What you're doing today would use to be a powerful radio station or respected community broadcaster and that was consistently rated number one with Oopper is criminal.
Well, it's why it's my name is Robby. And if you don't believe me here, just give me a give me a moment to get this way back reporter.
Robby. That's right. Robby. I I waste my time and I influence people who waste their time. It's criminal. What you've done to Tiger radio. I mean, I used to run that place. I'm the guy who started the Paul is dead rumor.
Now, if you want to get back to me, I'm on the corner of MLK Boulevard in Goodgredd alley in Bud Calle your city. It's a great guy. You can't miss my coffin. It's made out of balsa wood. It's starting to pop out of the ground.
The number here is Murray Hill 7. Now I'm Robby. I'm damn it. I may be dead, but your format will be joining me soon.
Trouble one at five sixty WQM Kenny grammar says don't you also love Boogie nights? No, I like Boogie nights a lot. I don't love it. It's not in the same categories. It was other ones on my list.
It says maybe, maybe not, but I know you loved and then it's got the picture here.
Rainbow land and Rosie Greer, the thing with two heads. I never did get around the same that to George. I guess I'll have to.
I remember that movie. You see it? Yeah. The panic. I mean the irony of the whole thing is that here were Ray Milan plays this racist bastard.
And they stick Rosie Greer's head on his shoulder and he's he's stuck together with this dark, complex guy.
They transplanted a white big its head onto a soul brother's body. Yeah. The thing with two heads. It's a I wouldn't say I love it, but it's funny as hell.
Yeah, it's worth watching. Can't believe you saw it. Oh, yeah. You and I must be the only people in America who've seen that movie and Kenny grammar.
509 votes on the pool. That's not too shabby. Nasdaq's up 15 point. I bet you that I was up couple of points. The S&P is up. Neil, the S&P is up. Good. Better you than me. I'm going to Mohawk. I'm going to get a Mohawk.
Oh, here you go. Neil on says the Godfathers one of those overrated movies never sought and I'm proud. He says everything we got father doesn't been done in modern movies and done a hundred times better.
The Godfather is a dated movie. It has no. Oh, yeah. That's why they keep showing it again. Eight million times on cable. Right? Because it's dated.
Well, I mean, it was made in the 70s, right? It has no character development or dynamics. It's just plain awful. How do you know if you've never seen it? If it weren't for my fios of wannabes, this movie would just be another dud. Let's face it. The Godfather just plain sucks. How do you know if you haven't seen it? Neil on. Right. Oh, my God. Yeah. Neil on this. What a jerk has no character development. How about that?
Michael comes from the college boy joins the joins the army. Remember that scene where he tells him he signed up for the military that morning. Yeah.
The Santino goes crazy. Of course, Santino always goes crazy until. Unfailable till he hits the causeway.
Oh, my boy. Look how they massacred my boy. I'm sorry. You can make all the excuses you want. And obviously he did see it because he's, you know, critiquing the worst ass clowns in the world are those who have a strong opinion about something they know nothing about. Books, they have a red movies, they haven't seen TV shows. They've never watched radio shows. They've never listened to all of these things.
Lisa says the movie Shawshank Redemption is destined to become a classic. Oh, this is Nick and Marty from Batavia. I would not hesitate to bet you $10 you'd say the same. I'll even let you have hold the money because I'm so sure of myself. So glad you're back. Sorry about George and I've had fan always Nick and Marty from Batavia.
I find it hard to believe that you've never seen that movie. Well, Shawshank Redemption. Yeah. I've got it in the other room. It's on TBS like every day. I don't watch it. It's a, if I want to see prison stuff, I'll watch MSNBC all weekend long with lockup. Oh, I love. Over and over and over. What is it with them? What are they obsessed with that crap? I like that show. Lockup. Yeah. Why makes me feel good. That you're not in there. Right. Oh, I see.
Well, guess what? Keep working for these great robbers long enough. You might be right. Scott and panelists, parks as movie every radio person should watch and learn lesson from playmas.
Yeah. That's a good thing. Jessica Walter was perfect as a psychotic. Evelyn reminds me of Joyce. He said, yeah. Same person, I think. She was great in that movie. Jessica Walter. Mm hmm.
She was to that movie. What Kathy Bates was to misery. Wow. Right. Yeah. It's been a while since I've seen playmas.
I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see. I'm not sure if it's a good thing to see.
Now maybe the timing of the new studio at the end of next week will coincide with the timing that we get the phones working again on this show. You think? Yeah, it could be. I'm putting you in charge of this. Okay. Because I don't want to be sending any more emails to Joe Bell about. Oh, where's that news do it? Because he gets very psychotic and defensive and testy. He's always testy. He's always baaah. Fat man after dark checks in. He says the director of Requiem for Dream definitely
directed the rest of it. But I would not recommend that for you to see. What was the rest of it? Is that the Mickey work movie or am I confusing it with something else? No, that's it. That's it. Well, that alone tells you that I'm not going to watch it. Have fun at Mohawk. Try not to get scalped since Fat Man after dark. I wish I could send you this picture. I could email it to you, but you don't want to see it. It's a picture of a hard solidified object.
Oh, a 20 year old man presented the emergency room complaint of rectal pain. A well nourished, well developed man without signs of intoxication was admitted in no
apparent distress. I wonder where this is. Doesn't say where. Digital examination of the rectum revealed a stony, hard mass abdominal plane film showed a vertically oriented, low-lying radio-pake object in the rectum. A spherical radio loosens. He was noted in the
full of the mass. A blood alcohol level was negative. No other drug testing was performed. Upon further questioning, the patient said that approximately four hours earlier, he and his boyfriend had been fooling around. After stirring a batch of concrete mix, the patient laid on his back with his feet against the wall at a 45 degree angle while his boyfriend poured the mixture through a funnel into his rectum. Wow. After the concrete mass hardened, it became so painful that he saw medical care.
Under general anesthesia, the inus was dilated and two fully catheters were inserted alongside the rectal mass to relieve suction. A concrete case of the rectum was delivered without incident. The rectal mucosa was intact with a high paramaic and it, an amadis appearance, whatever that means. I'm sure I'm not saying it right.
The patient was kept overnight discharge, unaventfully the following morning, the attending physician recommended a sucky antric consultation, but the patient declined.
Examination of the specimen revealed a perfect concrete cast of the rectum measuring 12 by 7 by something centimeters and weighing 275 grams. It's got a picture of it here. Oh, grotesque. Yeah, no thanks. Pain in the ass. They were just fooling around. And John's ETR says this guy puts Sally fits the shame. I guess so.
I guess Sally never had a mass like that in her rectum. I'm sure not. Maybe the occasional coke bottle or something like that. Oh, oh, yeah.
She had to go to emergency a couple of times.
What Jim and Boynton says of boosting the QM signal question mark will coin to flee. But that's the same flee that told us, or was it court has told us last year that they were dropping the sports format across the street? Yeah, wasn't me.
It said that would be great for those of us in Palm Beach County where the signal currently is overwhelmed by south of the border music. No speaking English. I can't listen to WQM in my car most of the time because of this. I'm keeping my fingers and other things crossed, hoping the signal boost becomes a reality.
And according to the flea myster, it will. That's right. Now it's 1209. Where's clearance when we need him? He said that they're having a little problem getting the numbers, but he's working on it.
And Clint Eastwood has directed 33 movies. Obviously I won't list them all, but you have the grand sereno letters from Ima, Jima. You've got the chain sign. Ima, Jima. Ima, Jima. Yeah, it's hard to read for coming in from like 10 feet away. True crimes. Perfect world, unforgiven white hunter black hearts outlawed Josie whales. High planes drifter.
Pale rider sudden impact. Heartbreak ridge. So some good ones. Now what does that mean? They're having a little trouble getting the numbers. Can you translate that for me in the English? I think they don't know how to use the software properly.
Oh, what a novelty. How unusual. How shocking. Not. Well, I'm going to sit back in my chair. I'm going to slump over into cheer and wait. Let me know.
Oh, you. Febour is dumb and Dave wants that is dumb. The night of my high school senior prom. Are you ready to party? Still stinks of last night. Prom vomit.
Well, I saw a senior texted just the other day. You can't talk to me. I said she was going to the prom all by herself. Are you simply need a date to the prom?
Let me tell you got some news for you. Back to the breaking news. With a girl like that so cute. So hot.
We'll skip the dancing and being the vaccine by ourselves. I'm very happy we're going to have all the sex.
Yes, I'm already for prom. Your prom is a hooker. We won't keep that dress on long.
It is a boost fuel. Sex wrong. We're dead and long. No, my not. We're just having sex. Already for prom.
Do you feel how strong this sexual tension is? Yeah. Yeah, I almost smell it. 1215 at 560 WQM. Here's flea with the numbers. No, not yet, but they're working on it. They're working on it. What a clown.
Who's the they? It's him. And I think Tom Callacucci, who is the PD. Tom Callacucci. Yeah, from power. And what kind of a name is that? Tom Callacucci. I believe it's Italian.
Ho Chi, Co Chi. Exactly. Yeah, they're working on it and and they're still working on it. George, the downer's agent Tim Jones is back. He says I'll be flying into Toronto here in the near future.
I have something to take care of while I'm there. Maybe we could get together for dinner and hang out of woodbind for the evening. No, if you'd rather go to Mohawk, that's fine with me too. No, it'll be nice if you or Paco could pick me up at the airport. No, I would pay for your time and gas as I don't know the Toronto area. Well, good. I hope you get lost and die.
Tim Jones. Now, do you know if there really is a Tim Jones, if the real Tim Jones is a George, the normalization since you're so tight with Jorge Sedano. Yeah, I have no idea. No, he's with anybody out there. No.
Yeah, he's with an agency. He's like with William Morris. Really? Yeah, a punk like him is with William Morris. I believe so. Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
Well, he sure did a hell of a job for him. He didn't want to do the mornings and they must have been to do the mornings anyway.
Because it was more comfortable getting walloped in the midday. I said that last Vogue is arbitrant April number.
Nobody that they found. Well, I mean, almost nobody was a listener of this show. They found some sports nerds.
And I still think that it would be interesting to see the ethnic composition of those numbers. Do you think?
As in this morning, I listened to Joe for an hour. I couldn't believe. And of course, it's a racial thing in a Randy Starks.
According to some right. But I just couldn't believe how many brothers were calling it on that show. I mean, just one after another after another.
We don't got those people. No. Well, why not? I don't know because we're not talking about give me the ball. Give me the ball. Is that it? Could be.
Scott and panelists, Parks is I own a copy of the thing with two heads. Funniest line when Ray Meland likes up a smoke and the smoke comes out of Greer's mouth. Hey, no smoking while I'm eating.
Better than that piece of joy is called the incredible two headed transplants. Scott said, I'll take your word for it.
Neelon is back again. Just obsessed, obsessive on and on and on and on and over and over. I can't believe a movie kind of sewer like you hasn't seen this movie.
First of all, I never claim to be a movie kind of sewer or expert or anything like that. I'm just a slut that likes to watch a good movie once in a while.
Have you ever heard me say I'm a movie connoisseur? No, kind of swear. First of all, it ain't a prison movie. Just ask flea. Is it a prison movie?
Mm-hmm. Are you eating? Mm-hmm. Uh-oh. I know. What are you eating? A sandwich?
Not from somebody, uh, some restaurant. No, I bought it and brought it in. Oh, thank God for that. Why hate it? I'd hate to have you wind up a second week in a row.
I can't talk about that. Why? I can't talk about that. No, me either. Sure it takes place in a prison, but it's more than just that. Just watch it and get back to us.
If by the end of the movie you don't find yourself crying, there's something wrong. Yeah, there's something wrong. I'll write Neelon with a fake gross name.
Neelon this. Get lost. One eyed Willie says, what's wrong with John Stockwell and Christine? I don't see anything wrong with them myself. He didn't get out of the cockadoody car.
Well, first of all, he didn't get hurt by the car. Was the, what was the, a goofball's name with the glasses, the nerd? I don't know. There was a John Stockwell's buddy. The one that had the one that owned the car he bought it.
He also played in Dress to Kill. He was Angie Dickinson's son. Remember freaky goofy guy with a glasses nerd.
There is Harry Dean Stanton, Stanton and what and Christine John Stockwell. Yeah, John Stockwell was his buddy. No, the main, the main, whatever his name was Keith Gordon. Keith, Keith Gordon. That's him.
He's the one didn't get out of the cockadoody car. I don't want to spoil it for in case you haven't seen Christine. It's not a must watch. I will say that. It's fun.
George and plantation says over the years I've always heard you say you love dog day afternoon. I guess I imagine that. Let me say it again. It was very good. I liked it a lot. I don't love it.
PS Norm Kenson asked for and we know that. There's a difference between movies that you love that are your very favorites and ones that you liked a lot. But you know,
I think that's my favorite part of the movie. Addica.
Maybe my favorite part of the movies were in the car at the airport. He holds the gun to. Oh, geez. They're going for Frado. He keeps getting blown. His brains blown out. Yeah, you know what I said? Right.
And now he's dead. John Cazell. Fredo. See, I think that movie would make my list. Dog day afternoon. Would it? Yeah. Addica. Addica. Yeah, but she was great in that.
And then that screamer that was his boyfriend is wife. Whatever that was. Yeah, Queen with the Afro. Well, the fake time jica sends me this. J seven remains on suspension from W T K K F M for derogatory remarks toward Mexicans. Where is W T K K F M? Do you have any idea? No idea.
I just cracks me up that people keep sending me all this. I think it's a Zed Orlando. I'll find out what's going on in markets that our people don't know from. They could care less about including me. Who cares?
After meetings on May 4th with seven and his lawyer, the Greater Media Station post this message on its homepage W T K K and the Greater Media Value and Open and Vigorous Dialogue. But we also adhere to basic principles of civility, common decency and respect for all cultures. And that's Boston. No, we believe J suspension is the best way to do it.
We will hold both these corporate policies W T K K management met with J seven and his agent today. He'll remain on suspension until further notice. He made comments deemed derogatory toward Mexicans.
Severin allegedly referred to illegal aliens from Mexico as leeches the lowest of primitives and linked them to the swine flu outbreak.
Severin's lawyer remains confident the situation will be worked out and Severin will be back on here. Meanwhile, local TV commentator Doug goody fills in. Goody goody. Remember goody goody.
Yeah. And by the way, the email that you got from Paul was not really from Paul Castanova. Yeah. But it's somebody within the building for sure within the cheap channel building. Yes, but not Paul.
How do you know that? Because I have I have a mole on the inside. Really? Oh, yeah. Well, let me read the last sentence of it again. We have the ratings participants, the new rating system in our back pocket, but you didn't hear from me.
So there's somebody in the building over there who is dispensing good information. Well, that's good to know. Now, how are we doing with the monthly number for the first or the weekly, whatever it is, it looks like it's coming now. It is. Oh, my God.
My is clearance modeling in there.
Hey, he's molesting my sandwich. He does what? You grab your sandwich? Yeah.
Yeah, I keep going with that per second. Oh, you don't have it yet. He's working on it right now.
Wait, wait, wait.
He's working on it or he's got the numbers. He's got it, but he's got to pull it up on this computer for some reason.
Oh, yes, one more to the Paul. Very good. David. Thank you, David. The hit your original hit you with Rucker. How are you?
See Thomas? Okay. Now I did one of my very favorites.
And then the remake of it was just weak. It was okay. It was okay. It makes go. Uh oh. I think we got something here.
Uh oh. Let me do the break. And then we'll then you can start puking stuff along on the facts. Okay.
Now you've got a facts of working facts there somewhere. Yeah, I'll get you to number somehow somewhere that why you want to.
We sure got some serious to people. You know, yeah. And and jolly joke can't understand why it's such a big deal. We get our studio up and working.
Yeah, it would be nice to have everything in one room, a fax machine, a, you know, to be able to communicate stuff like that.
Right. Right. So you've actually got some pages. He's working on it right now. She'd be able to print it in a second.
Now is he got tears coming down his eyes or what? Is he laughing hysterically? Neither is this kind of shaking his head.
It's not going to be much different than the other one. No, I wouldn't think so. No.
Club 24 at 560 WQM. All you people in the business that are waiting for the numbers, stay and buy. Stay tuned.
Any moment now we're going to have some real crap. And crap it is.
The Fart is sports lady. 560 QAM.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday mass, open wide and prepare to receive thy savior.
Oh, geez, father O'Malley wafers again.
Now, Billy, this isn't just any wafers. It's not?
No. Through the divine miracle of transubstantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice up your next communion with new Christ Aroni. Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings,
plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful. And Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm. Can I have some more Christ father?
That's Christ Aroni, Billy.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the transubstantiation tree.
Okay, I'm waiting. I don't hear anything grinding on my fax machine, mon.
No, not yet. And it's a pretty good machine, mon.
Well, why not?
I don't know. He's having problems printing it. I might be able to just look at it.
He's having problems printing. I don't know why.
He left it open here. I can try to see if I can see the number.
He left one open.
The program.
Yeah, go ahead. Take a take a puke at it.
Do you see numbers in it? Do you see stations and numbers and shares and stuff?
No, I keep shutting down every time I try to do something.
That's because you don't have the past code, Mr.
You're only the assistant PD.
So where do you go? What's the story?
Hang on, he's telling me some right now.
This seems to be the usual process, although in the past when we had the old diary stuff, you know,
we could afford to wait. Now that we got this crap,
God only knows what kind of garbage is going to be peddled for numbers.
Okay, all we have right now is 6A to midnight.
Yeah, because the person at second tone, that's all he sent.
So Josh is trying to get the break down.
The parts. Right.
Well, whatever you've got, whatever you've got, I'll take it.
I can't read it though. It keeps shutting down on me.
And he can print it out.
I tried to print it out from here.
And it just said error or something else is opening.
Oh, right.
You know, once upon a time back in the day when the ratings came out,
whatever they were, whatever the method was, and whatever,
you could be pretty much dependent at a certain time.
The fax machine would start puking pages out, and there they would be.
And people would be tuning in to hear what the later the land is and what's going on.
And now it seems like every time it's like, oh, they can't do this and they can't do that.
Yeah, I tried to even just scroll down.
As soon as I start scrolling, it's saying application open at another thing,
and you have to hit OK, and then it shuts it down again.
So I can't all I got to see was a glimpse of a couple of numbers.
And what were they? Six and five?
I didn't even get to us. I just only could see like the first day.
I'm not saying us. I'm just saying what were the numbers? Hang on.
4.2, 7.8.
Okay. Coast was number one.
If I don't move it, I can read a couple of.
Coast was number one.
This is men 2554.
Six, eight, amen.
Coast was number one.
EDR was number two.
Big was number three.
And Mia was number four.
Miami.
That's cheap channel.
Right. That's what love used to be.
That was used to be love 94.
So all the cheap channel stations, since they tell us they've got these people in their pocket,
obviously must be true.
Well, you've got two clear channels in the top four, and you've got two cock stations in the top four.
And then now it's telling me it's going to shut it down again.
So that's all I got.
Background music there.
You've got coast and whatever coast and eat.
Coast and eat.
And what's that six a.m. to midnight?
Yeah.
That's the whole day.
Coast is number one.
Background music.
Elevator music.
Hurden doctors offices.
Dennis offices.
Right.
And here's what it's saying.
It's saying Adobe Acrobat 8 professional cannot be launched at this time.
You must launch at least one other blah, blah, blah, blah, and then you hit OK and it shuts it down.
Sounds to me like you're screwed.
A little bit, but Josh A.
Josh is working on it.
Oh, well, in that case.
And if Josh is working on it, then that seals the deal.
Okay.
I'm going to have to do it.
1233 at 560 WQM.
You're technically inept station.
We just can't do anything right.
No more.
Trevor says I agree with that guy who I agree with you.
The guy who never saw Godfather's got no right to prejudge a movie as in scene.
However, by the same token, you're prejudging the Shawshank redemption without seeing it.
No, I'm not.
It may be the greatest movie in the history of mankind, but it just doesn't seem like my kind of movie.
And I haven't watched it yet.
That guy's right, though.
It's really not a movie about prison.
It's not a typical prison movie.
The purpose is I don't care for prison movies either, but Shawshank redemption is one of my top five movies ever.
It's that could you will not be disappointed.
Okay. Like I said, over the weekend, I'll try to try to find it in my pilot crap and there and I'll try to watch it.
Stephen Alexander, who's the movie, the self-appointed movie guru and is just all over us like Stink on Joe today.
So what's the story? Is he going to get this done or not?
Get it done.
He's working on it.
I told you it's one o'clock. Be surprised.
And what about the power?
What about the top four over there?
What?
Well, Tom Callacocci is the one that sent that to Josh, but he only sent 6 a.m. in the midnight.
And then can't we get that?
Wait, and Josh said, uh, sent mornings midday is next.
So we should have it any second.
Oh no.
Sent mornings and midday is next.
Oh.
I can't wait for that point one.
Do that point.
Oh.
Whatever it's going to be. It's going to be horrible.
Oh.
Anyway, getting back to this, Jack Nicholson was offered the role of Paul Sheldon in misery,
but passed because he wasn't sure he wanted to do another movie based on one of Stephen King's novels.
After what he experienced was Stanley Kubrick on the Shining.
The guy who went mad in a hotel nearby as a reference to the Shining, also based on a novel written by Stephen King.
And Jellica Houston was offered a leading role and was interested, but I'm unable to accept to do it or a commitment for the grifter.
Is that middle or also turned it down before finally went to Kathy Bates?
Well, thank the Lord it went to Kathy Bates.
Thank you.
Because she did a phenomenal job.
Nobody could have done a better job than she did.
Mr. Mann.
In a recent interview with Melvin Bragg, whoever that is, William Goldman revealed that few actors wanted the role of Paul Sheldon
because Annie Wilkes overshadowed him so much as a character.
Warren Bady commented before declining that the hobbling scene made Paul Sheldon elusive for the rest of the film.
Goldman was determined to keep that scene in the film as it was his favorite from the Stephen King novel.
The hobbling scene.
Then movie wouldn't have been nothing without the hobbling scene.
No.
Just like a horse that would buy him, and he had the hobbles on.
Well, what a crazy bitch he was, you know?
Kathy Bates.
Now what's the story?
I'm still waiting.
Here's a story about a lovely PD.
He ain't no Pete Boulger, I'll tell you that.
Well, who is?
Nobody.
You know Pete Boulger?
Yeah, I worked in that clear channel building for three years.
You did what?
I worked in that clear channel building with him for three years.
Oh my, and you survived?
You're still around to talk about it?
Yeah.
Wow.
Walt says, donate your copy of Shawshank to a library.
It's the most overrated movie ever.
The same movie has been made dozens of times.
Guy is wrongly thrown into jail, warden is crooked, guards are sadistic, hero wins over the inmates, escapes, sappy-ass ending.
Tim Robbins plays the same character he plays in every movie. Morgan Freeman does the same.
Says you get to cheer against the bad guys in route for the good guys.
Whoopie.
It says half the movie that Cool Hand Luke was, well if it's half, forget about it because Cool Hand Luke was puke, it sucked.
God was at disappointing.
That was Paul Newman, right?
Yeah.
Horrible.
I mean, I watched that with such great expectations and it's just absolutely blue.
Oh, the fake Joe Bell's got one here about the numbers.
It says, if George was there today, you'd have the numbers.
What duties does Flea Performer's assistant PD sign the fake Joe Bell?
How do you like that?
Given you, given you crap about the clearance is an aptitude.
So what's the story?
He said that they were sending him mornings and mid days?
Yeah, I don't know where he's sending it because he's not sending it to me.
I think Johnny Horton had it right when he's saying north to Alaska, I think that's where they're sending him.
Maybe Sarah Palom will have the numbers or maybe Luke.
Hey, Luke.
Good old Luke or good young Luke, whatever.
I may have something.
Uh oh.
Flea may have something.
I hope it's not contagious.
Yes?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I can tell you that it's doing the same thing where it's making me kind of shut down,
but I got as far to see power and waxy.
And what?
Well, this is a hell of a way to do this.
I'll tell you.
Well, waxy looks like it is crap 18th with a 2-1 share.
This is what?
What they part?
What this is mid days?
10 to 3.
Mid days?
Men 25 54.
Waxy's got a 2-1.
I'm not about what they had.
Yeah.
They had a 2-2.
I'm sorry, they have a 2-0 which puts them 19th.
They had a 2-2 before so they dropped slightly.
Right.
First, this is the first week in May.
And also, are we on the first 400 pages?
Well, it's shutting me down again, so.
Oh, no.
So in other words, you haven't got that far down yet is what you're trying to say.
Right.
I'm going to try to go real fast.
Yeah, zip through it real fast before the computer, before the program can shut you off.
What excitement, what pressure?
Oh, is this compelling?
Yeah, you can't keep more compelling than this unless you decide it's time to do the break.
Oh, me!
Me, oh God.
I need one more night.
I need one more night.
Numbers are coming.
Momentarily.
Hooray!
Hooray, hooray, hooray!
Hooray!
Pew what are we writing?
Hooray, hooray, hooray!
Hooray!
Hooray!
Hooray, hooray, hooray!
Moorfully.
Ooray!
-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-dep-te-dep-dep-dep-ddep-dep !
Hooray, hooray, hooray, hooray!
I'm gonna die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die,
die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die,, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die J fr R Use! Exactly, there is no 28 GTC in dimensions before if you think, that's true, then, I don't know, that's true, but this is a short version, just in case you don't know anything, okay.
that you're reading these? Because for a hundred years, if they've been facts to me,
and I read them as the ratings myster, even though we don't have any ratings on the
show anymore, but nevertheless, that's the way we've always done them. Well, we'll get
them to you in just a few minutes. In a few minutes? Well, I get... I text Josh to come up here
because I have no phone system to call him, so hopefully he'll come here soon and send him over to you.
If not, then during the next break. I will make sure I've at Faxing Team. Have you got the midday
ones there too? I do. Oh, Jesus. Yeah, not much changed. Big was number one with an eight-two,
MXJ was second with an eight-one, an eight-one. EDR was third, coast was fourth, IOD was fifth,
with a one, six-two. That's up. Yeah. And this is the first week in May. Yeah. Let's see,
where's Q&M? Wow. 30th? We are 26. Whoa. It looks like, uh, with a 0.4. Oh, 0.4, we double the
audience. All right. You've got to be Schmidt and me, man. In Waxi, you said a 2-0. Yeah, a 2-0.
Yep. 2-0, 19th in the market. Mm-hmm. And we're what? 26th? Yeah. Not bad. No, we're right there in the thick of it.
A 0.4. We actually lost the INZ. So did Waxi. Well, what do they have? A 2-6.
Let's keep channel again. Yep. Isn't that interesting? Our cheap channel is kicking ass with all their stations.
You know what that fact said yesterday? I got it right here. We have the participants in our bag pockets.
Well, there's going to be a scandal about this new arbitrawn craft, the likes of which, I mean,
we've only seen the tip of the iceberg. All these lawsuits that are going down and they're having to
redo New York and fill in some others. There is going to be a stink over this, the likes of which
has seldom been seen, but nevertheless. I mean, you know, and it really doesn't make much
difference. What number is next to us? Because, let's say we would have had a 3 in that week.
How could we say, oh, look at that. We're all way up to 3 after we've already said that there's no
credibility. It's a bunch of crap. All right. The lovely gent-partz is going to be sending you the numbers
right now. She just grabbed them. Great. That's just facts. I'm seeing I have to use because it's the only one that
is going to be a little more accurate. Thank you.
Really a hell of a project, ain't it? Okay. Well, I'll give everybody a- I'll give the whole rub down.
I'll run down. But while he's doing that, while I'm waiting for my machine to start grinding stuff out,
Jeff reset me that somebody sent to me yesterday. I can't find it in my pile, but here it is again.
Larry King's horsey tail is full of holes. Yesterday, May 19th, I'm sipping from his memoirs.
Larry King's spung spunny sweet little tail of hitting it big at the racetrack. Thanks to a plucky
horse named Lady Forley. Are you sitting down? It's all a lie. How unusual for Larry. A lie.
You said tight your phone's going to ring. Bill Vines is going to call you. Got nights. I'm going to
mutual. Bill Vines is going to call you. Right. Same thing you pulled with Bill Carter. Sit by the
phone. I got somebody calling you with a job. In his forthcoming, my remarkable journey,
little Larry writes of a day spent at Carter back in 1971 when he was a spy 156 years old, it says.
Down at the heels and with $42 to his name, Larry Sissy bet his last dollar on a 70-to-1
filly Lady Forley, waiting for it to top of a trifactor that miraculously came through.
There was no question about it. The 111 by 5 lengths. The one was three likes ahead of the nine.
I had every winning ticket. I had a to win. I had the exact I had the trifactor. I collected nearly
$8,000. A last it seems Larry has embroidered his history just a touch. According to Equibase,
a Lady Forley was full to 1972 a chestnut. She ran three times in 1975 and never finished
in the money. Larry might have won $8,000 off a horse in 1971, but it certainly wasn't off Lady
Forley. And whoever faxed this to me also faxed the racing information. She raised three times
never hit the board. Now the man is obviously lived a long fascinating life full of adventure
and Terry Gar interviews. So maybe we should all give him the benefit of the doubt here. It says,
maybe he just misremembers or maybe he really is effing insane. Larry King. The whole story is BS.
They didn't have trifactor wagering a caulder back in that year in 71.
And this filly never won a race. She had three races by 1975 and she would never hit the board.
I had his book if you want a copy. No thanks. El Paso. Believe me, I know all about Larry.
Oh, here comes the it's grinding. What good timing man. Yeah. Good timing. It's grinding. Of course
now it's kind of anti-climactic. Now that we got a point four, but we're moving up a little bit
to the west side. First week in May was I on the year? The first week in May, I guess so.
You think I think you were. Let me take a look at what we got. Okay. Oh my god. If you thought
the earlier ones looked bad, six to 10 a.m. Where were the shares except the very bad. I see you. This
is really screwed up. Yeah. Big 10.4 number one in the morning. Paul and Old Ron in men 2554. The
the coast. Yeah. Do you know any men 2554 who were listening to the coast? Not straight ones.
Not what? Not straight ones. Are you saying that gay people listen to the coast a little? How
105 is third with a 7.2? Magic. 6.8. WMIA. What do they play slush? They play a lot of like
yeah, Madonna and Old Dance. Oh god. 6.8. They're number five. Oh. Well, I like it better was
was listed the other way. It was like on one page and you could read it real easy. I would assume
that there's a way to do that. 24678 WLRN is eighth, which they never showed up in Arbatron before.
Now all of a sudden they've got a 5.3 share in the morning. Well, I asked that question
and their answer was that they were never part of the rating system before because they're
non commercial radio. But now they are encoded so they do participate in Arbatron. I see.
W I O D 4.8 and we're in down from that 5.9 Jimmy Syphilis 4.8. Oh, that still beats a point
4 I guess. W M G E radio. Smegma is next with a 4.5 Q I M 3.6 Joe went up a little bit from a
3.4 or 3.2 to a 3.6. All right. 12th in the market at a boy Joe.
Beaked a Waxie obviously because they're not and then that would be Steve White. Wouldn't it the
first week in May? Correct. The PD after they blew out Sid the Kid. Oh. Lots of pages come and
they should kill a whole one to two hour. Waxie is number, I don't know, 13 with a 3.2 in the
morning. What do we have? Three six pretty close. That was Steve White. He did better than Sid.
Well, he did better than Sid and we're bringing Sid over here. Oh my God. CMQ FAMA number 15. They
had a 2.7 share. And then after that it just goes on. Goes on and on WFTL AM. That's the 8.51,
not the 6.41 that depots on. They had a one that had a. I don't know. It's chopped off. It's
hang on. Oh, it it doesn't show. It's chopped off and it doesn't come back on the next page.
Boy, this is really cock-a. I and Z.A. I'm in the morning had a .3 share. Even we did better than that
in the day. They had a .3. What's the point?
That's the morning. That's the morning.
WDNA shows up on here actually with a .1 share WDNA. That's also pubic radio, right? That's not a commercial station.
Yeah, I've never heard of it. I don't know. WDNA. Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention sorry about your dog.
Mike, Bob, Mike Lance also known as Blind Mike on the talk shows. Oh, yeah.
Ellie Brecker wrote a hell of a gut-wrenching story about his seeing eye dog was being retired.
And the night that they were retiring it died. Dog, it had with him for 10 years. Sorry to hear that, Mike.
Don't make any jokes about Blind Mike. No, not now. Wait a week. Oh, okay, let's see what else we got
coming. 6 to 10 a.m. and more stuff. My God, this is going to take up 400 pages. Yeah, it's a lot.
WMEN, what the hell is that? A 0.1. Well, when you got a 0.5 or four, whatever, we would kill for a 0.5
in this new methodology. This is a joke. And keep in mind, and I know I am that we're going to be
stuck with the same sample group pretty much for the next two years, possibly.
Unless somebody likes a fire under arbitrage, ask, unless somebody goes up to Belsfield,
Maryland and kicks him serious bloody ass. Wow. Well, during the break, maybe midday's going to
come over, but let's hope not. Oh, no. Don't you just hate people that use snappy
openers for their show segments like that one to two hour?
I'm Chris Magic, play Hanbok on MSNBC. I feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl who's wearing a
skirt and those scrappy thigh-heist and the wind just blew on over my coachy.
Even though the economy is daysmolem, I run things to be crumbling. I feel exuberant and
excited like a 13-year-old goat down to see twilight. Welcome to three CEOs of the automobile
industry to Hanbok. Got Alan Malawi of four. Robert Nudell of Chrysler and Richard Wagon of
G.M. Wagon of the program, gentlemen. Let's start with you, Richard. Didn't know if you realized
that you actually named after him. Station Wagon. Nice name is Wagon. Yeah, it's like a station.
Wagon. That's funny. No. No. I think it's funny. Maybe not if it's sent to him.
Anyway, let's go to you, Alan. Don't you think it's funny to Richard Wagon. His last name is
actually a station wagon. I think I know comedy anyway. What are you doing in elephant with three balls?
You're walking in pinch of the giraffe. Anyway, let's go to you. Robert Nudell of Chrysler.
Robert think I'm asking about the Richard Wagon and name reference. I'm not going to trade a
curveball and high ball. Why is it that you guys flew on private jets into get your big bail out,
money? Don't you think that says the American people screw you? I think it's not a state screw
you American people. Well, I don't get me wrong. I'm a big believer in French, French,
French, but that's kind of crazy, right? Well, I'm terrible. I know I wish I had a private
plane that where people would not be here to steal but things I say while traveling. I'm
asking for a transit. Why is he coming back to you over there? Richard Wagon of your name reminds me
of where I had sex for the first time. Get it station wagon. Hey, are you wearing any wood
paddling on your side? That's nice. Anyway, let's talk about the big bail like you guys think you
deserve. Well, thank you. Go ahead. I jump ahead. I'm trying to get an answer out of you. How do you
feel about the bailout? Yeah, I do really think. Go ahead. Chris, I'm trying to say that that's
Robert not that way the same question. Not daily waiting. Just hit me. Your name sounds like a
Mac and Romy. I think I had some vodka sauce and not daily last night. I thought he came out of me.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Barbara stand with youpaced, Mullis' being fatally
sure, you can't also be the Winntown, then we'll agree for the high squeaky voice
Are you kidding me?
don't you think that it's funny, I'm seeing you
boys
I've heard about one of the guests out here
Yea I heard it
it County, it just...
opposing the nom
Let me film you
Nadama
Oh handsome
of the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
this is
going to stay
this
I
think
the
these are
a
new people
Let's see, tied with hot 105 for 10th.
Number one in the afternoon is big.
Boy, big, everybody in town has listened to big.
Yeah.
Eight share in the afternoon,
followed by, oh, tied with EDR for number one.
Wow.
That's your good friend, Doc Greenham.
And the coast, 6.7, third.
WMIA, radio slug, 6.7, tied for third,
followed by magic, IOD in the afternoon.
They got a 6.2 share, their number are four.
Radio smegma follows that.
Waxi's got a 4.5.
Let me see if I can find QAM.
Uh oh.
It funnels off of the third page onto the fourth.
I hope that it continues over.
Oh, one moment, please.
Yes, it does.
Uh oh.
1.5.
Didn't we have a 2.0 in the last thing in April?
In which day, part?
In afternoons, we had a 2.0.
Yes.
Now we got a 1.5.
Uh oh.
Now we're 20th.
Wabashi's got a 4.5.
We got a 1.5.
Uh oh.
Well, that's 3 to 7 p.m.
I have no idea about Bubba or this one or Bubba,
my C's, that's all that's all I know.
There's more pages here.
Is this 3 to 7 also?
Probably.
God.
This is such garbage, man.
A little kid in kindergarten could do better than this with crayons.
Could do better than this crap.
I mean, if you believe this big and the coast and magic and EDR,
those are the stations everybody and MIA.
All day, every day, those are the stations people who listen to end IOD.
Sports nerd talk.
I NZ did the pretty good in here.
So sports nerd stations, right wing talk and slush.
That's where it's at.
Mm hmm.
Which we don't fit in any of those categories.
No.
Although how come with the well, like I said before,
the people listened to Joe at 10 o'clock.
They were turning over to across the street or anywhere else.
Anywhere else there was more of the same sports talk about the same games about the same crap about and and that's it.
Okay, there's another bunch of stuff to put up there.
Save for my memoirs.
We doubled our audience, baby.
Right?
Yeah, for sure.
Let's put a shine.
Let's put some lipstick on this pig.
So do you think that they're going to pay for this crap or what?
Yeah, they will.
They'll just roll over and play dead.
Seems like it.
The fake Jeff rumors to his hand.
He'll ever see the movie slap shot.
Yeah, it sucks.
Maybe flea seen it.
I have.
PS, you plan to do join in with Sid the kid.
One good thing about him is that he hates the Yankees.
Who cares?
Do I plan to do join in?
I think he means crossovers.
Yeah, no, I do not.
Absolutely, positively not.
The crossover thing with Hank work like a turd was horrible.
Dave said, saw the original Dracula for the first time recently thought it was great, but the guy that played Renfield seemed like a real screamer.
What do you think?
You think Renfield was a screamer?
I don't know.
Here's one two movies I think you'd like plus more Michigan as it says.
The problem with most of these people emailing you today is they don't understand the difference between love and like.
It's like in Faso, Dom Delewis's brother said, no, you love bread.
I like bread.
You love bread.
Well, I don't love and justice for all you like it.
You don't love it.
That's right.
I like it a lot.
It's an excellent flick.
Pacino is great in there.
The nerd from Christine Keith Gordon has gone on directs and pretty good movies, especially a midnight clear and mother night.
Memo to flee, Darren Aronowski didn't in fact direct the wrestler.
He wasn't just a producer.
Aronowski is definitely a one hit wonder.
Requiem for dream is unbelievable, but everything else he's done is stumped to high hell.
Two quick movie recommendations.
Maybe you've seen these.
I haven't.
Big night from the mid 90s, a dueling about dueling Italian restaurants in the 50s.
Since after watching this movie, you will immediately go to the nearest quality Italian restaurant, have a big meal.
Damn movie, it says.
I don't need to move you for that.
Big night.
Never seen it.
I never heard of it.
And last night, a lot of nights not somebody mentioned bookie nights before.
I do like it a lot, but now one of my all time favorites.
Canadian movie from late 1990s.
The premise sounds stupid, but I thought the movie was really, really well done.
Basically, the meteor is coming.
The world is ending and the movie focus is not on a horror tear aspect of this situation, but on how people decide to spend what they know is the last day of the Earth's existence.
It was depressing, but still good.
In conclusion, don't let the bastards grind you down.
Signed.
Not sure.
Do you think some of these e-mailers could make up better names, better handles, better something?
Yeah.
The vows on 18 points.
It's not doing much.
North Korea warms of attacks.
U.S. and South Korea.
I say let's blow them off the map.
What do you think?
Sure.
Oh, first, he says got a free dessert gift card in the mirror yesterday for the Grand Lux Cafe.
You want it? No thanks.
Enjoy it, honey.
I'll take it.
Oh, yeah, you'll take anything.
Here's one that says congratulations in doubling your audience.
Wow.
Maybe the Mount Sinai's nerd have some ideas to bring even more excitement to the station lineup.
Says Brian from St. Augustine, listening via the Internet.
Like a lot of other people are too.
I was pretty impressed with that thousand plus yesterday.
When that impressive?
Yeah, that's good.
There's generally a number of somewhere between 700 and a thousand.
See, we're the ones show in the universe that tells people how many people are voting on our pool and how many people are listening online.
Again, gives these numbers out just like these ratings numbers as horrible and embarrassing as they are.
This is what we got to work with right now.
This is it.
We're not going to say, oh, gee, we went up to a seven share because we did not.
We had a point four.
A zero point four.
Let me say it again.
Oh.
And that's an improvement over point two.
What a clearance act to say to you.
You look at you and go, oh, no, he didn't say much.
He wasn't expecting much.
He wasn't expecting it to be much different than what we just got.
And why would it be when it's basically the same bunch of losers?
Right.
The same bunch of people who work for a cheap channel and have Paul and Ron and they just have a tune on all day.
You know, once upon a time back in the days with the diaries, you know, it was one thing for people to have wired diaries.
Now it's another thing for people just to listen all day long.
That's all.
To whatever station they work for.
Oh, no.
Our from Boca.
New at GM, the groundbreaking bankruptcy zero percent finance deal of a lifetime.
Get a sleek new 2009 GM car for zero percent financing pay for only three months.
And our credit department will be wiped clean along with your debt.
And the car will be yours to keep the new GM bankruptcy zero percent finance deal.
We're all going under so lose the ethics and come grab some great.
We'll be inventory last.
Okay, one 14 at 560 WQM.
I don't know about you, but today seems like about a 65 hour show.
I don't know why.
Yeah.
Does it?
No, not to me, not really.
Does to me seems like we've been on since a quarter to midnight a month ago.
Maybe it's the way these numbers dragged out.
You know, and we knew it wasn't going to be much different than the earlier one.
Right.
There's a waste of 21 sheets of paper in your fax machine.
More than that.
Whole bunch of you want me to count them?
That would be compelling.
Speaking of numbers, 594 votes on the poll other than Godfather of all the movies,
Neil Loves, which one do you like the best?
Network 126, a clockwork orange 96, Glanguerie Glen Ross.
You favorite.
91.
I hate them all 78.
Well, to you.
Deliverance 71, Requiem for Dream 37, Faxo 19, Dracula 19.
I haven't seen any of these movies 14.
That's, that's, that's just mind blowing.
Magnolia 12, the hospital 10, the X-ray 7, Christine 6,
Imagine Hero's 5 and the Covenant 3.
Haven't seen any of these.
Wow, 14.
2.3% of the audience hasn't seen any of these movies.
How, how could anybody not have seen the exorcist?
Well, we don't like scary movies.
We don't like P-Soup.
I don't like P-Soup either.
I hate it.
Don't you hate P-Soup?
Yeah, not a big fan.
P-Soup is for Dutch and for Goyem,
which is basically the same, you know.
Did you see P-Soup?
I don't know.
I'm asking the wrong guy.
Yeah.
I had to be really hungry to eat P-Soup.
Oh, God, I would, if they paid me by the spoonful,
I wouldn't, I wouldn't touch it with your lips.
P-Soup.
Taste like kaka.
I do enjoy a good, uh, corn chowder every once in a while.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah.
I like corn chowder.
I like any kind of chowder.
Except fish chowder, because I don't like fish.
There's nothing more depressing than seeing a place that's got chowder on them
and you see it's fish chowder.
Oh, Fui.
The Democratic Party Committee have brought otherwise known as Democrats
have brought past the resolution April 25th,
recommending the legalization of marijuana in all 50 states,
but the news appears to have gone completely unnoticed by all mainstream outlets.
The MSM, once again, they pick and choose what we're going to know
and what is important and what's worthwhile,
and the rest of it they keep mum.
The Democrats have brought or considered a state party by the DNC,
which affords them eight elected voting members.
They help US citizens who are traveling and living outside the US cast ballots
and national elections.
The resolution was first put forward by the Japanese branch of Democrats abroad.
After only minor debate, according to cost-diorist Yo-Yo-Gi-Bear,
who says he created the resolution that passed,
moving up for debate by the Democratic Party Committee abroad,
where was met with some resistance, Yo-Yo-Gi-Bear.
I don't feel so bad about the handles of some of our e-mailers now.
Yo-Yo-Gi-Bear.
Once the resolution passed our country committee,
it was put on an agenda with the rest of the DA resolutions
for considering in our global meeting in D.C. he wrote,
ODA resolutions.
A couple of members of the leadership of DA seem to think that this issue
was not an area of core competence for our organization,
and questioned vigorously whether we should be considering any resolutions
that contradicted President Obama's position at all.
Our primary function as part of the DNC,
according to the opponents, was to support the President and his agenda
and help elect Democrats.
In addition to that, this issue would somehow hurt the Democrats in Obama,
though no evidence was ever presented to back up that assertion.
So, I do like that. Democrats abroad want to legalize marijuana
in all 50 states, not just decriminalize legalize.
I'm with them.
Are you really? Yeah. Tax it.
Facts what?
No, tax it.
Oh, tax it, sir.
So, you said, fax it.
Well, we're starting to get our stuff together.
Now, we got that fax over all those horrible numbers.
Mm-hmm.
If you work for a cheap channel, then, now, of course,
they're on the verge of a bankruptcy.
So, maybe they're desperate enough that they found some way to some backdoor deal.
I'm not accusing, but I'm just thinking back of that email I have from yesterday
that I'm saving right here at the top of my pile.
We have the participants in our back pocket,
but you didn't hear it from me.
From somebody on the inside of the building.
Now, since you've got that mole over there,
maybe you could get more information.
Okay.
You can get mole for the mole.
Wouldn't you be fascinated if I don't?
Do you think the world would be interested in finding out
how the hell they accomplished that?
Or if it's true?
Because it sure is how it looks like it.
I'm hearing a name, Johnny Dolan.
Sent that.
Don't know who that is, then.
I do.
Can you say, As Clown?
He was over at the coast when I was at IOD.
George could tell you a lot about this idiot.
His claim to fame that he once took a leak at the urinal next to Neal Rogers at IOD.
That was his claim to fame.
Wow.
He also used to be Larry Kent's producer at I&Z when I worked there.
Johnny Dolan.
So, he's over there inside that building, uh-huh?
Apparently.
And he's the one that's sending these fake emails using Castanova's name.
Mm-hmm.
No, no, I don't understand.
You don't even know who that is.
I know the name.
I don't know who he is, though.
I do.
Well, I don't want to know.
That's who my mole told me I probably was.
And did the mole say that there's some validity to this assertion?
No.
Oh.
The mole doesn't know.
Didn't say.
Well, it wouldn't, wouldn't that be the most important thing you'd want to know?
I think that's above him.
I don't think he would know that.
Is this mole?
I mean, obviously, you're not going to reveal your source, which is smart.
But is this somebody I would know?
I would recognize the name, oh?
Yes.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Why do you laugh?
Why did you chortle when I asked you that?
Um, well, I had to think about it for a second if you would know his name,
but I think that you would.
Would the audience recognize his name?
Yes.
Oh, they're going to be a lot of pressure.
They're going to be waiting for you outside the building.
That's OK.
When you're done with all your other managerial duties by the end of the day,
duties.
So when do you do your other duties now that you do intend to do here?
And I get here really early in the morning, and then, you know, after the show,
I work until I'm done.
Like today, I was here at 730.
No.
Oh.
Seven famous people who died during sex.
Number seven, a tale of a hun.
One of the greatest warriors in history was able to win a lot of his battles in his lifetime,
but his marriage was now one of them.
He suffered a heart attack while having sex with his wife on their wedding night.
Feel free to mention that next time you grow a friend,
pesters you about making an honest woman out of her.
Six, Jack McConaughey, Matthew McConaughey's dead.
In a recent book, Matthew McConaughey's mother revealed that her husband died
while having sex with her.
He came to McConaughey and went on to say that her husband's death was the best way to go,
and she insisted he'd be taken from the house in the buff because she was just so proud
to show off my big old Jim McConaughey and his gift.
Matthew couldn't be reached for a comment because he was off making a bad movie somewhere.
Pope John, Pope John the 12th.
The story behind Pope John 12th's death in 964 is disputed, but one of two things happened.
Either he had a heart attack while having sex with another man's wife,
or the husband caught the pope in the act of having sex with his wife and beat him to death.
Either way, the Pope's sex drive caused him his life.
That sounds bogus to me.
What do you mean?
I put it with having sex with a woman.
Oh yeah, that's true. Good point.
Well, we'll investigate.
Four, Nelson Rockefeller.
The former vice president died in 1979 of a heart attack while having sex.
But what makes Rockefeller's death extra juicy is the fact that the woman under him when he died wasn't his wife.
It was his mistress, Megan Marshack.
Megan Marshack and the Tibet we go.
Three, Michael Hutchins.
The former lead singer of Inaccess gets the distinction of being the only person on this list
that died while having sex with himself.
As was widely reported in the tabloids back in 1997, Hutchins was found dead in his hotel room,
naked with a belt around his neck.
Officially, his death was ruled a suicide, but his belief, the real cause of his death was auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Two, Felix Farr.
You know who that is? I never heard him.
It's got a picture of me. He looks very distinguished.
Frog.
So, just leave it to the French to add a layer of soap operd drama to your typical sex death.
Farr, the former president of France, died of a heart attack in his office while getting...
I can't use that term.
Service by a 30-year-old woman named Marguerite Steinhail.
In an added twist, Steinhail went on to become a mistress to numerous famous French men after Farr's death before eventually getting married.
And then mysteriously, her husband and stepmother were frowned strangled to death in their home.
And one, number one, Pope Paul the tooth.
Believe it or not, two popes have made the list of famous people who died during sex. Make of that what you will.
Anyway, in the case of Pope Paul the tooth, he suffered a stroke in 1471 while being satanized by a page boy.
It says this explains so much.
Do you think it explains so much?
It explains a lot.
Yeah.
So, there you go.
Seven famous people who died during sex.
Percy and Miami Lake says, I never heard you come in on the sopranos. That's because I won't watch it.
A long time ago, a chicken accent me tapes of all the episodes and I tried watching the first one and I couldn't watch it.
As the fellow Godfather, Junkie, I think it comes pretty close. I don't.
David Chase, who I believe is a genius, inserted several subtle and not so subtle Godfather references.
If you haven't gotten into what you need to watch it from the very beginning, there are many references to previous episodes.
You like the sopranos?
You know, I watch the first two seasons in that lost interest.
I can't, I just can't get into it.
To me, it's not a mob movie, it's a Guido movie.
You know what I mean?
Right.
The characters are all Guidos.
They give me some guido, some provolone, you know, like that, Guidos.
It's one thing about the Godfather, there weren't like a whole lot of Guidos in it.
You wouldn't call Frankie Pantangely a Guido with you?
Not to his face.
No, ha ha ha ha ha.
Not if he had a razor blade.
Where is my Frankie Pantangely?
One moment please, I hope this is compelling for you.
Because you know what your buddy Joe said.
I'm gonna understand why that studio is such a big deal.
I can say that the Michael Polly only did this.
And the Michael Polly only did that.
So I said, yes sir, oh no.
You're not thinking neovar just for here we go again.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
The most controversial movie of our time, Martin Scorsese, the last intangible Christ,
recently became available for home viewing on cassette.
Religious groups, misted the release of the film theatrically, became outraged on the event of its home distribution.
And so for your spiritual edification and for those who don't have VCRs on a price of a movie ticket,
we are proud to present live, putt 1, the radio version of Martin Scorsese's,
the last temptation of Christ.
Oh, hey buddy, but wanna buy a hot stereo?
Oh gee, I better not.
Okay.
So the controversy continues.
Cut into tomorrow for Martin Scorsese, the second last temptation of Christ.
Good day.
Good day.
Oh, I got something on here that I think I need to see.
Okay.
It said something about cheap channel, which we certainly wanna see all about that, don't we?
Mm-hmm.
And now I can't find it.
Oh please, cracker please.
Eh!
Maybe I'll fight it between the day and tomorrow.
Or more likely than not, I'll forget about it.
Or maybe more likely than all of it, it just was not that important.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, it's from my anal chastik.
He says, I'm in Clear Channel's pocket, can you let me out at Stinksin' here?
That's cute.
Yeah, that's cute.
I mean, I know there's a lot of people in the closet, but there's a lot of people in their pocket.
And now that I know who the moles, I know that I know where those emails are coming from.
That explains a lot.
That explains a lot about most of the emails.
Because you're dealing with somebody who is, yeah, I'm sure that he must be Mr. Radio and Barry Jackass
and all of these fake Jimmy Cifalus, that's Johnny Dolan.
If George were still around, he wouldn't be surprised, and I'm certainly not surprised in least.
You just don't know who that is.
No.
I should.
Well, I mean, just that there are people who work in the business who are radio groupies.
You know, you think of the audiences being the radio groupies, but there are some people inside the business
who've been in the business for years, so to speak, and they're just radio groupies.
Oh, I once took a leak next to Neil at the IOD.
You're an old Zellagray.
Good for you.
Paul Smith, good old Paul, who's always giving us a lecture, says,
Your ratings have hit rock-ass bottom.
I believe it's a sign from God.
He who make wicked of thee will have misfortune put upon them.
You and your gay boyfriend flee have but limited time before your time will come.
Stop something.
Stop the Faggery and come to him.
This may be your last chance before having no ratings.
Oh, we've got some.
I know in your heart you want to be normal.
We'll take the first step in his name from Paul Smith.
Oh, I didn't realize how he's gay.
Paul Smith, Joe Bell at inbox.com.
I didn't know Jolly Joe was a religious nut.
Is he?
I know he's a nut.
No, I don't think so.
What's the big deal with the studio?
Tracy and Kendall says, my poll nomination.
I didn't know I was asking for nominations.
Is the town that Mr. Ripley?
I would agree with that.
In fact, I'd put it on there if I was you.
Really?
I've watched it about, oh, I don't know, 20 times.
Every time it comes on TV, I can't shut it off.
Well, it's really gay.
You know, have you seen it?
Yes, I have.
Can you didn't like it?
It's okay.
I watched it the second time because of you.
It says, despite all the poll choices I had to vote for Glenn Geary, my favorite such a great movie.
I've seen many movies, ignore your requirements, set a new recommendation.
I tell others to watch them and give you the credit.
I'm watching it out tonight and look forward to seeing Miss Meryl kick some priest butt.
Oh, she's just brutal in there.
She makes Kathy Bates seem like a girl scout.
Speaking of movies, have you ever seen Memento?
It's deliciously odd, but a great movie.
Yes, I have seen it.
In fact, it was on cable again the other day.
And I have it on DVD and it's got the...
What do they call them, Easter Eggs?
Hmm.
I don't know.
The secret things and the DVD, they hidden things where you can watch it chronologically
from beginning to end, as opposed to it from end to beginning.
Oh, I've never seen that.
I don't know.
You've never seen Memento?
I've seen the movie, yeah.
You don't know about Easter Eggs though, huh?
I don't know.
I hope I'm using the right term.
On almost every DVD, there are hidden features that you can only see if you do certain stuff.
I forget how you do it now.
Back in the day, we had a long protracted thing about this.
And I'm sure we'll get some emails about it.
Maybe you play it backwards.
No, Memento.
And now you've seen Memento, right?
Yeah, of course.
Excellent.
Yeah.
Really good movie.
Teddy.
Teddy.
And what's his name?
Lenny.
Hi Lenny.
But you just dropped out.
I did what?
You just dropped out for a second.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Why was that pretty?
I'm not sure.
Well, now tell me we're having more technical to the fugalies again.
Although at least, thank you, by the way, for sending me the directory with all the phone numbers, including the bad line on it.
Yeah, we have a new one now, so I'm going to send you an updated one.
A new one, a new directory?
Yeah.
With a new bad line number on it?
Yeah, that line's still the same.
That was pretty freaky last Monday when I couldn't call you because I was dialing a number that's obviously disconnected.
Although it was ringing.
And it was probably ringing in your old building, too.
Yeah, I heard it still ringing over there.
Go up the street and see.
Always this the other morning.
And it's pretty empty.
I would think.
Hector says, what numbers are these?
I thought they don't come out till the start of the month.
You better get with the new program, Hector.
They got a whole new deal, Arbertron.
They got a new 10-gallon hat that they put the stations in there and they pulled the numbers out.
And you know, it's a bunch of crap.
Kim says, Paul and that clown, Ron and on stage, they're going on ear and key lorger when Key West starting in June.
Sounds like they have a monopoly going on here with their showering from Martin County all the way to Key West.
I love your show, but it got to tell you when I drive north on the sawgrass close to something spring is cruel springs.
All of a sudden I hear Cubans in the background of your show.
It's terrible.
When I hit West Palm Beach, forget about it.
Your show is completely covered over by Cubans.
Cubans.
I hear Cubans in the background wherever I am.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, you're right.
You're in South Florida.
Yeah, like when I told you, I took, took Poco to the sawgrass and he was so disappointed.
He said, I thought we were going to America.
I heard Spanish.
I would have thought he would have been in heaven and hog heaven there, you know, because everybody's speaking his language.
He was disappointed.
He wanted to hear people speaking in English.
Not in the sawgrass.
Kim says, something's got to be done.
Who can I call about this crap?
To be honest with you, Neil, I'm mad as hell and can't take it anymore.
Please help.
How long have I talked louder?
How'd that do it?
I think that'll work.
Yes, not.
Too many loud Cubans from Cuba talking loud over our signal.
And then that's a look.
I had it at 790 when we had WNWS and Castro cranked up.
He just follows me around.
That's bearded bastard.
Shirley Yahn.
Oh, Shirley is a nice lady.
She's the one that gave George the money.
I know you know that.
Yeah.
Shirley says, sorry to bother you again.
I've hooded for network because I feel like yelling out my window almost every day.
I'm mad as hell.
I'm not going to take this anymore.
The movie was so ahead of its time.
That's correct.
I haven't seen a few, but I have Netflix, so I plan on writing them.
I guess meaning the ones on my list.
Three is a yes man.
You say you don't like a movie and he says no, I didn't like it either.
Waiting for you to say is there anything else flea?
No.
Sorry to end on a negative note, Shirley says I'm usually not this way.
I'll be out of South Florida soon.
Hopefully my editor will improve.
I hope so, Shirley.
Get a change of altitude, honey.
Ishma Ahmed says.
Ishma Ahmed, I love that name.
How about the Titanic with Celine Dion singing at the end?
She had the voice of an angel.
I still cry when I watch it.
I cry when I think of anybody watching it.
Would Leo and Celine.
Yeah.
The Canada's loss is your Canada's gain is your loss.
Or however that goes.
Celine Dion.
Kaka.
Well the movie sucked too.
Yeah, who was in it?
Leo and what's your name?
Billy Zane.
Yeah, Kate Winslet.
Billy Zane.
She a par Shane.
What's the deal with her?
I don't know.
A real par Shane if there ever was one.
How about that Randy Stark?
Do you think it's a racial thing?
Probably.
Now, not only ask about this new rating system, is there?
Because it looks like juvenile to me.
It looks like kindergarten.
The way it's printed out, the whole thing was so amateur hour.
Are there demographic breakdowns available in these day parts like the old days or not?
I don't know with the weaklies I have no idea.
I'm taking a class today at 230.
You're taking a class?
Yes.
On what?
On the other new system.
And how you use it?
Oh my god.
You ought to give them a class.
They're giving you a class.
Who's this day, the people from Arbitron?
Yeah.
Well, give them my regards.
Tell them that they're full of crap.
Okay.
Tell them that nobody in their right mind.
Even the people with the big numbers, I'm sure you don't believe it.
Give them a big kiss for me right on the Tukas.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Neil?
God, this is CNN.
Page and owner Donald Trump announced to Ripper John can continue her reign in spite of complaints from state pageant officials that she had posed topless.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
We've reviewed the pictures very carefully.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Both of them.
And I think for that she has to be commended.
She seems to be really in good shape.
She does have a very nice figure.
Well, great big-
And that's what I love the most.
Well, here's what it looks like.
It's enormous.
It's really fascinating.
It will be tested to see if in fact it has ratings.
CNN.
Breaking news.
Okay, 16.02.
Here's the music one from Ajani Dolan.
Okay.
Hi, Neil.
No, it was not me who sent the email.
I didn't join knowing you back at WNZ.
However, I never urinated next to you with the WNZ building as there was only one urinal.
No, it was at the WIOD building, Johnny.
Bad memory.
Anyway, I'll try to figure out what is going on.
PS, can I get your autograph, Johnny?
Okay.
Now, Easter eggs, Fat Man After Dark and others have verified that my memory ain't bad.
At least on that.
He says Easter eggs is the right term.
And the reason they call me Easter eggs is because just like Easter eggs, you have to hunt for them.
They're hidden on the DVD.
You have to click to hit the spot on the main menu to find them.
This is where I really miss George.
He says because please knowledge of stuff like this is obviously lacking.
The way I do appreciate the fact that he isn't a pseudo intellectual like George.
No, I'm not sure you do anything.
Well, good.
And the way you find these is you just Google online.
Just Google Easter eggs.
Oh, okay.
Let me check it out.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
I'm going to go ahead and see what I can do.
Check it out.
Yeah, for sure.
Pointing it out.
Check it out.
619 votes on the pool.
Don't send me any more movies that I should put on there that I love.
Other than Godfather of all the movies, Neil Loves, which one do you like best?
Network 130, Clockwork Orange 98, Glen Gary Glen Ross 96.
I hate them all 83.
Uh-huh.
Deliverance 83, 72, Requiem for Dream 38, Fats-O-20, Dracula 19.
Haven't seen any of these movies 16.
Well, I guess a lot of our people don't get out of the house very much.
I have no life.
I get it.
Magnolia 13, the hospital 11, the exorcist 9, Christine 6, imaginary hero's 5, the covenant 3, and the tell the Mr. Ripley.
Just one honor.
Don't have any.
Tell the Mr. Ripley with what's his name?
Mad Damon.
And Jude Law.
And Jude Law.
And no, they did not get in the bathtub together.
And Matt was not too happy about it.
You saw it, right?
Yeah.
And you said it was just okay.
Yeah.
Others are all right.
Oh, wait, no, I'm a yes, man.
You know what?
Yes, that was an excellent movie.
I love it.
That's what I was waiting for.
When police wanted a question to teach a recused of having an affair with an eighth grader in a private religious school,
she was out of town vacationing a Disney world with a student.
Upon a return, 32 a Saturday, 32 year old Maria Guzman Hernandez, a sixth-grade teacher at Highly is Our Lady of Charity, admitted to Highly a police she had sex with a 15 year old boy.
Oh, my God.
Hernandez was charged with sexual battery on a child over whom she had custodial authority, a charged similar to statutory rape.
The boy's mother who acknowledged to both police and department of children and families investigators that she approved of the relationship.
Oh, boy, is under investigation by both agencies for preventing the teen to have a month long affair with the teacher and for consenting to the theme park trip.
She approved of the relationship.
What's your take on that?
Hmm.
Hernandez and the teen had a sexual relationship for several months and the boy told police they had been sexually active since March.
The two met at the school at 1900 West 44th place in Highly.
Detective Carl Zogby, a Highly Philly spokesman said many of the couples romantic encounters occurred at the apartment of boy shared with his mother.
Maybe Mom likes to watch.
She apparently didn't find anything wrong with it.
Thought the teacher was a nice enough person and a good influence on her son Zogby said.
The teacher who had been in good standing at the school was asked to resign.
After being read her rights Hernandez had been a teacher at the school for four years admitted to having sex with the teen.
Highly detective Felix Mendegui Gutiia wrote in the police report.
She was released on 10 grand bail Sunday afternoon.
Hernandez was estranged from her husband told DCF investigators.
She was going through a lot of her life.
Her two children tend to highly a school.
Oh, boy.
Police haven't charged the boys mother though.
They're still investigating her actions and deciding whether to file charges.
The mommy here does not naming her in order to protect her son's identity.
Mom says, oh, yeah, sure.
Have a good time.
A separate DCF investigation into whether the mom failed to protect her son is ongoing called your said.
The mom told authority she had considered the affair.
She didn't see anything wrong with it and that's the challenge.
They say DCF has not removed the boy from his mother's custody.
But the agency is planning to ask a child welfare judge to order the mom to accept services from the state.
DCF has offered counseling to the boy and the rest of his family.
The mother migrated to the US from Cuba.
In South Florida, the social service agency frequently provides outreach and education to new migrants
who whose parenting philosophies may not be acceptable.
Like the outvoilers who kept checking out aliens of privates.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Parents cannot allow their children to have sexual relationships with adults.
It's just not acceptable in the US.
Collier said that will not be acceptable under any circumstances.
Rumors began circulating to school around May 20th for two days.
Principal Zina Torres struggled with whether to report the rumor to fair to the DCF abuse hotline.
But a school attorney insisted they had no choice under a state law that mandates the reporting of all suspected child abuse or neglect.
Though the school identifies itself as a Catholic private school and state department of education records.
Our lady of charity is not affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church said, Mary Rosta Gosta spoke for the arts dices of Miami.
Cheryl Edders, a spokeswoman for the Department of Education, said the state has not received any complaints about the school which accepts students from pre-Kindegar in through 9th grade.
It doesn't say whether or not the kid was having a good time.
I guess so, huh?
I'm sure he was.
Maybe the 32 year old teacher is hot.
More than again, maybe Luke Warren, maybe not.
Alex says, I live in North Florida.
Listen on that when I can't what happened to George.
George is no longer with us.
He got candy, got screwed over.
They cut out his salary.
In a budget saving move, George was removed from the show.
Now we have fleet who's doing this for nothing.
Doing this is a charity as a labor of love as Eric would say.
Oh, here's that other thing.
I'm sure Larry King's horse, he tail his full of holes.
I'm sure glad Jeff sent it to me a second time.
Because I would never have time to do it now.
Don in homesteads is when I tune in last Wednesday, you wore Don and I panicked.
I thought you were well at finally one and you were taken off the year.
The two bozos doing the show should have mentioned what was going on.
So those of us who were in and out of the car all day, who listening to you would have had a clue instead of a near stroke.
After the initial shock, I thought maybe you were sick or just PO a PO at the raw deal, George got.
On Thursday, I was apoplectic to thought that you were gone.
I drove around in a day, he's wondering what to do.
My day, my job would be impossible to do without you to break up the day.
Boy, finally, I had to check the sticking herald to find out what was going on.
It surely is a sad situation when you have to depend on the herald for information.
Anyway, glad you're back. Hope you never retire.
At least for the next 14 years, that's how long I have to like and retire.
And I miss George a lot, she says.
It says, hey, Joe Bell, if you'd like to drive away the few female listeners you have left,
put on more of the swill that we had to suffer through last week, you'll accomplish your goal down in Homestead.
How do you like that?
She calls what we had on last Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, swill.
Well, I think maybe she's got a point.
Oh, Neil!
You did a lot of bing!
Mark!
The New Rogers on SportsHole Radio, WQAO!
I've got kids, but I want a new one.
I did a girl to match my little guy.
I couldn't find the perfect one in London.
But in Africa, they have one I can't find.
Oh, my God.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
Oh, baby, a baby.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
I'm new one from the LOWY.
Even though the one I want has parents,
I won't let that fact get in my way.
I want to outdo bread in Angelina.
So I'm going to take one home with me today.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
Oh, baby, a baby.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
Oh, doll, doll, doll.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
I know kid.
Can I pick me up a new kid?
It's one of my baby.
And bigger than the tofu.
Bye, bye, bye.
