The music expressed on the music is just back today. Let me ask you don't you hate the bulldogs? What's the easy broadcast group?
It's staffed. The bulldogs. They're not a very attractive job.
But I don't have a name.
The biggest names. The best talent.
I'm a retractable young.
Listening to sports radio 560 WQA M.
It's my M.A. For the other kids.
You're taking the bulldogs. What?
I heard the exact thing. It shot us a big O there.
Rock solid video.
I thought it was really right on target.
I mean.
Jargers back. No free today.
They like free just fine by the way. You should have seen all the emails come pouring in.
Oh, free was so great.
I like free too.
What the heck?
Sorry. What is that?
What the music?
No, not the music. What was that the biggest names and the best names?
I always had an idea. I forgot to clear it out of there.
Oh my god.
I think the audience back.
He's not a friend.
If your current copier is too slow, old fashioned or too expensive, accelerated business solutions can help.
With drastic price reductions on easier to use high tech and less expensive models, accelerated business solutions can replace your current equipment for less.
They can get you out of your current lease and even lower your monthly payments.
Let the accelerated business consultant analyze your situation and determine how much you can save each month while making it easier to manage your documents.
Call toll free 1-888 systems. That's 1-888 systems to copy today.
That they want me to reply.
Tell it everyone's eyes. Love quiet number nine.
Oh, your time.
Don't let us know.
But it's nice. I can't spend the week. Don't. Don't.
Well, I thought him on the Oprah television show saying he is a man. But to me, he looks like the mom.
I want to get things done. I'm only 7-D one by king.
That Reverend Wright. He must be crazy.
Be a great good prophet once again.
Oh, really? Oh, are your companies taking all your money?
Your past, oh, yes. Right. This goes up. Don't go in.
Oh, hello. Higher and higher. I had enough.
Yeah, she does. Don't look at me.
But that is one again.
So it's good by the time.
I'm all the rest of the children of the guys I have a sense of way.
Recall manages. Hey, reds. You're a future hall of fame.
But now you're on a team that could not be any labor.
Oh, the winner.
Michael Bell, the man in the swimming cupry.
No, but where was that?
When you think it's a duty, reds.
I picked a girl from Alaska.
Covered their seraphilia.
Are you ready for the debate?
A secret in a reporter?
Yeah, we got McCain and Obama to the gun to get this thing started.
Hold it down, down, down, down. Join us down.
A motion to refresh the dark, slip in.
A separate, we think fighting to win.
So we're dropping that high-pitched word and you're doing good.
It's just a bell. It's the bell I built.
And the debating on cap until hill.
Baby, baby, oh, team's going to jail.
A poor robbery and that is the verdict. Got a nail.
I'm not a doctor. I'm Joe the plumber.
A hard worker. Don't drive a homer.
We're the big three.
We're the big three.
Christler, he and four.
We are the jersew flu, our private jest.
And then said we're four.
We are four.
Will it's better right now?
It used to be high.
You've got a big smile I'm telling you why.
The price against is coming.
Way down.
George had to duck some footwear during that farewell speed.
A couple of sides, ten wind flying.
They came up at a rackies fee.
We win all up, win all up.
To the white house.
Kick the roof of the kids right out.
Move it out.
Move it out.
And move it in with no money down.
If there is a more annoying subhuman bastard than Rob Black Goiavich, I have never seen it.
Yeah.
Did you see any of that dog in the police show he put on?
The media just loves it.
The media loves streets of people.
They love it.
And so last night, Chris Matthew was a harball.
And if there could have been somebody in the studio to punch Chris Matthews in the mouth, I'm sure they would have done it.
Because he was at his all-time worst in terms of interrupting.
He had some state senator from Illinois, some dark, complex guy, and the Illinois attorney general.
And he kept asking them questions.
And as soon as they'd start to answer, he'd start talking again.
Oh, brother, he is just brutal Chris Matthews.
But nevertheless, Black Goiavich came outside of his house and put on another dog in the show.
And they covered all of it.
And then he went wandering out into the media.
And all of a sudden I'm going to say something.
Would you cover me?
Would you be here?
And on and on.
And on a crazy person.
Just absolutely crazy.
I'd rather hear Alex Marvaz and Rodinstein than hear Ron Black Goiavich.
He put the goi in Black Goiavich.
He's serving, you know.
I had no idea.
Today we're doing our pick the pony thing at Gulf Stream in the second race.
But that's a long ways away.
Jeffrey is our contestant.
Now do we call these people and tell them, oh, you're the contestant and we get a,
you get a $50 win bet on whatever horse kneel picks?
I believe they get an email since they register via email.
Oh, well, I sure hope the emails go through.
Because that would be bad.
So Jeffrey is our contestant.
And hopefully I'll pick a winner.
Second race.
It's on the turf.
It's a mile and an eighth.
And there's eight the hoses in there.
But I'm not going to tell you which one I picked to later on.
And I still reserve the right to change my mind right up till post time.
Or like maybe even right until after the race.
How would that be?
Great.
I can be one of those real experts.
So Barry Jackass confirms at least part of what some of the rumors have been.
At a boy, Barry, hey, Barry, you fairy.
Oh, and speaking of crazy people, guess who Larry rhymes with Barry head on last night?
Uh-huh.
Ted Haggard.
Oh, yeah.
He was in the rounds.
Wasn't he on Oprah or something just five minutes ago?
Anyway, Larry was looking his, uh, scroll.
I mean, it was just embarrassing.
And Ted seemed to be enjoying it.
Oh, well, I'm a Christian.
You know, I'm a Christian.
I'm a Christian fag is what you are.
A phony, lying sack of crap.
God.
I'll get to that straight later on.
About how he was in bed with this guy.
And he wanted to, uh, well, whatever.
Yeah.
I was going to watch him do his thing.
Oh, Barry says though the station isn't confirming it yet.
W. I. N. Z. 940 will become a Fox Sports radio affiliate in March.
A move that will allow owner clear channel reduced costs.
You grave robbing lunatics.
Just what we need is another all sports station.
As the fragmentation continues.
You know how you defrag your computer?
Yes.
Well, we're maybe out of the bag of Ted Haggard.
But we're doing the opposite.
We're fragmenting.
Maybe we can get up to a dozen sports stations.
W. I. N. Z. Now ears.
News talk shows and live sports including heat games.
Very neglects to mention that they're scared America.
The new line up will include Fox shows such as Steve Saban.
Sixty nine a.m. I never heard of him.
So I guess not Dan Silio and Chris Myers three to seven p.m.
Dan Patrick's indicated program nine to noon and Jim Rome again from noon to three.
How many times has Romeo been on?
I failed in this market.
My God.
WFTL 640 is carrying Fox radio programming now.
But Steve Lapa who runs WFTL with their shares.
Was informed recently that Fox drug could deal with another local station.
Lapa said WFTL 640 will keep a sports format.
Thank God.
But hasn't settled on programming beyond Jeff DeFloris morning show.
Wish I'll add an hour run from six to 10 a.m. with his 0.3 share.
That's what he had in the book by the way.
0.3.
So I'd answer and then another hour that WFTL 14 hundred or main and ESPN radio affiliate W.I.N.Z.
See there you go WFTL 640 and WFTL 14 hundred.
Can anybody figure that out?
No.
Anybody understand W.I.Z's formats which means the Miami for a lot of the market will have five all sports stations including WQAM and 790 the ticket.
Which Barry has up his head up their ass.
Well the hero's got that incestuous relationship with the ticket ticket ticket ticket and all they got is LeBaster, LeBaster.
So we got another I.N.Z.
With a signal a station with a signal was 50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial.
Of course they had big signal back when they tried it the first time the all sports with two guts was there and clearance was a booking guest form.
Remember those days?
Yep.
Now this is amusing.
I ordinarily leave these jokes.
I don't bother with them.
Yeah.
Now subject a loving husband.
This is old but it's cute.
A man breaks into a house to look for money and guns inside he finds a young couple in bed.
He orders the guy out of the bed and ties him to a chair.
While tying the homeowner's wife to the bed the convict gets on top of her kisses her neck then gets up and goes into the bathroom.
While he's in there the husband whispers over to his wife.
Listen this guy's an escaped convict.
Look at his clothes.
He's probably spent a lot of time in jail.
Hasn't seen a woman in years.
I saw how he kissed your neck.
If he wants sex don't resist don't complain to whatever he tells you.
Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you.
This guy is obviously very dangerous.
If he gets angry he'll kill us both.
Be strong honey.
I love you.
His wife responds.
He wasn't kissing my neck.
He was whispering in my ear.
He told me that he's gay.
He thinks you're cute and asked if we had any vacillin.
I told him it was in the bathroom.
Be strong honey.
I love you too.
It is cute.
Adult.
It's cute and old.
I thought it's cute.
Maybe the husband was cute.
We'll see.
No pictures.
Okay.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
We got up to a thousand and one votes and that's when I shmit candid and changed it.
A thousand and one.
Who should be the host and five sixty WQM from the two to four slot.
George Rodriguez wins 237.
You got your own show two to four.
Oh yeah.
Right.
Suds Coleman 185.
WTF.
We added that later on.
Moved up to 154.
Free 125.
Oh, they love free.
All the people that hit you like poison.
This was their chance.
Oh, he's such a great sidekick.
Anybody that you put in here.
But I like to read a lot of his number one.
If it was a flee.
Mo Howard David is next with 96 Captain Curtis 92.
The big O who's got that show is only got 52 votes.
He's doing two to four and he's only got 52 votes.
I guess he's not rock solid.
Steve Geldig-Eltsin which I got another email from his boyfriend about that.
37.
His boyfriend.
What's the guy's name?
Leo.
I'll find it.
Where the hell is it?
Oh, here it is.
Yeah, Leo Austin.
Leo, he loves Geldig.
Oh yeah.
Let's see.
Geldig had 37 votes.
Adam Cooperstein 16 and Jesse Agler only 7.
Why did Jesse do so poorly?
I guess nobody ever hears him because he's on top of the morning.
I just sighed out of mind.
Because he's good.
He's got a great voice.
He belongs on the air.
He knows his sports crap.
And he's a good guy.
Yeah, all of these things, you know.
All of these things.
He doesn't squeak like that.
But nevertheless, I'll get to Leo's email momentarily about Geldig.
Oh, Neil, you're such a sick, sick nasty, bitter old son of a bitch.
Yeah, that's right.
Good, good, good, good.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Any smartphone can make calls.
Surf the web, email, and take pictures.
However, only one can tell you what you did last night.
Introducing Blackout Berry.
Oh, god.
Oh, I'm so hungover.
Where am I?
Wait, this isn't my apartment.
Just a touch of a button.
And Blackout Berry fills you in on all the sorted details.
Complete with sound and video.
Dancing on the table?
How does that guy get me?
Oh, oh no, no.
No, not the geeky guy.
Oh, no, I didn't kiss him.
Oh, you get more than that.
We are.
Care yourself for a storm of embarrassment with a bold new approach to remembering what you'd rather forget.
Blackout Berry.
Also speaking of...
Brackum, that.
Joe Bell finally responded to my email about that thing.
Oh, good.
You should have an email from Johnny Joe in your box.
Oh, well, I'll go check.
Because he emailed all the appropriate parties involved in that thing.
Involved in that parse where they're going to start pretending they really are paying attention.
Hey, just play along then.
What?
Just play along.
Oh, I am.
I'll be there.
I'll be on the conference call just like I was with that one with joy.
Oh, boy.
I was farting up a storm all during that thing.
Oh, I was tested.
Leo Austin is back again.
Subject, complaints and grievances.
Baa, baa, baa.
I wrote in a couple of days ago I'm getting the right of response now.
I'll tell you what, Leo.
What you ought to do is write every day the same crap, just like you did this twice.
Yeah.
Write it every day and maybe by the end of six months I'll think Gildi is like Walter Cronkite.
You can claim that Gildi is herical orable because of his voice.
Your theory of great broadcasting makes no sense.
First of all, I never gave any theory of great broadcasting.
By your logic, I should be able to carry a show as long as they have a great voice and nothing else.
I've never said that.
There are people with fantastic voices who can put you in a coma.
Like Greg Fetich, for example, he's got a great deep voice.
Can you imagine him doing a talk show?
I don't think so.
Right.
Not.
How can that make any sense to you or anyone?
It doesn't.
Because I never said that.
But keep putting words in my mouth, Leo, just to make your point.
Great voice is not a great radio show make.
Please stop being so biased.
Stop.
A great voice and radio doesn't mean much anymore.
We're not in the 1950s, Neil.
Gildi is great and that's that.
I know it sickens you that fans like me.
I actually like the guy.
No, it doesn't make me sick at all.
You can like whatever you want.
I could care less.
I have nothing against Gildi.
Other than he's a squeakmeister and doesn't belong on the air.
Perhaps there's jealousy there.
Gildi is beloved by the fans.
Yeah, I'm jealous of Gildi.
Stop crying about it.
Goodbye, Sir, and have a great day.
Live and let live, Neil.
You sick sick man.
Goodbye, Sir, and have a great day.
And then live and let live.
You sick sick man.
This has got to be either from Gildi himself,
or from his boyfriend, Leo Austin.
He doesn't belong on the air, okay?
It's not complicated.
Now, I'll say this.
He does an adequate job doing the Panther Games.
By the way, how about those Panthers?
Five one over the frogs last night.
Oh, they're on fire, man, and Panthers.
They're on fire.
They kicked their ass.
I watched a little bit of that.
And they kicked some serious ass.
That quote by Richard Zednik was a thing of beauty.
Nice going, Dick.
But at any rate, I don't like Gildi on the air.
Personally, I have no problem with him other than the fact
that he thinks he belongs on the air.
He lives in a...
He's got delusions of grandeur, but nevertheless.
If you like him, great.
We'll put him on a lot just for you, Leo.
We tried him there one to two, and he had a...
Oh!
What do you have a one-point yet?
That seems to be the two to four number.
Since the mad dog moved out into the late afternoon is a...
Oh!
No, one-point.
And now a one-point one.
Oh!
Oh!
940 going back to Fox All Sports again.
Oh, my God.
And what's going to happen to scare America?
Didn't say anything about that, because Barry doesn't care about that,
because it has nothing to do with sports.
It has nothing to do with lathering up your jocksdrap
and sniffing it all day and shoving it into your face.
Mmm.
Yeah, oh, sniff that jocksdrap one.
I was warned by Jimmy Zifilis of that.
Now that's a very listen to that.
Here's a open.
British singer-songwriter John Martin,
whose soulful songs were covered by the likes of Eric Clapton,
died yesterday.
They, he was 60.
That's not very old.
But you know what he was?
What?
Let me give you a clue.
Real fat.
Real fat.
Got a photo of him here.
Wow.
Big fat guy.
It's face.
It looks like the veins are going to pop right out of his head.
Martin's official website said the musician
who lived in Ireland died yesterday morning
didn't give a cause of death.
A skilled guitarist and earthy vocalist influenced by folk blues
and jazz.
Martin performed with them, was admired by musicians,
including Clapton, Pink Floyd's David Gilmore,
and Phil Collins.
Doesn't say anything about Doug Gilmore.
Collins said Thursday that Martin had been a great friend.
He was uncompromising, which made him infuriating to some people.
But he was unique and will never see the likes of him again,
Collins said.
Martin was born Ian David McGeechi near London in 1948,
but grew up in Glasgow, Scotland.
David McGeechi.
He took up the guitar and his teens moved to London,
released a series of enduring albums, including The Road to Ruin.
What's that line you were using about quiet despair?
Living a life of quiet despair.
Living a life of quiet despair.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right, that's right.
That's right.
Oh, that's right.
Sometimes that's a quiet.
Anyway, Road to Ruin, regarded by some critics,
is one of the best British albums of the 70s.
Martin never became a household name,
but his songs were praised by critics,
and highly regarded by the musicians.
I never heard of them.
M-A-R-T-Y-N.
John Martin.
You ever hear them?
Nope.
One of the best known.
May you never be acquitted by Clapton, host of others.
Martin had a reputation as a Hellraiser,
acknowledged that alcohol and drugs had sometimes led them into trouble.
Well, fat and booze in drugs is a bad combination.
Right?
Yep.
I've been mugged in New York and luckily he fought my way out of it.
He told the Daily Mirror newspaper last year.
I've been shot a couple of times as well,
but I just lay down and pretended to be dead.
I guess I'm hard to kill.
He said, well, I guess not that hard.
It was only 60 and now, he's dead.
Martin had suffered health problems in recent years.
And 2008 had a leg amputated to know the low-the-need
because of a burst assist.
He continued to perform a period last year's
Celtic connections festival in Glasgow.
I almost said Celtic, but I'm sure it's Celtic.
Am I right?
How do you say the Boston Celtics?
I don't say that.
Last month Martin was named an OBE officer
and they ordered the British Empire by the Queen
for his contribution to music.
And now he died.
Well, I guess, you know, once you get that,
you're ready to lay down and die.
Once the Queen puts her thing on your shoulder.
The Queen's got a thing, by the way,
and she'd like to put it on your shoulder.
You.
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
What's his name?
Said, what's the Prince?
What's your husband's name?
The Queen's.
Prince Philip.
Okay.
Prince Philip.
And in that book by Kitty Kelly,
he said he couldn't get her out of his damn bed.
They had separate beds, the royal beds.
But he couldn't get that horny bitch out of his bed.
And he wasn't too happy about it because he has, you know,
Prince Philip's got a lady friend in every port
and every wall over the world.
Is the rumor.
That's the poppy to rumor.
That whole family, man, they're just horny as hell,
including what's his name?
Well, the big years.
Prince Charles.
Well, just a writer like a rocking horse, Charlie,
just to pretend you're sitting on a rocking horse.
And that was the advice that the Queen gave for Prince Philip.
Because when he got involved with Diana,
when they hooked him up with Diana,
he didn't know how to do the deed.
So it said in the book anyway.
I don't know how Kelly Kelly knows that.
You think you would admit that for something?
Yeah, I think she was hiding in the closet or something.
Might be like what's his name?
Like what's his name?
Too many names and too many, uh, I know.
No, I can't remember.
See, I told you.
Well, I've been sick.
Kathy Willetz and Jeff, uh, Jeff Willetz, there it is.
Kathy Willetz's husband.
He was hiding in a closet.
Very good.
And then that politician, what that was his name?
Oh, I don't know.
Doug Danziger.
Very good.
Oh, my God.
George is on top.
He needed to get it rolling there.
Wow.
That needed a little bit of a jumpstart.
That's fabulous.
Oh, here's that email just came through my crappery
from Joe Bell conference call.
I'd like to leave that.
Okay.
Now did you get it yet?
I did.
I replied.
I said, I'll be there with bells on.
Well, of course you will.
Because you're just a flunky.
Who the hell are you?
You don't have any other important meetings to go to.
Like the other people.
Ah, that's where you're wrong.
What?
Well, I'm talking about station meetings.
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
Yeah, you don't have any of them.
No.
Okay.
Here's the poll.
Who's the most incompetent?
It's a new poll.
And I know there's a lot of other names could be on here,
but we're not going to add to it.
157's got 8 million things on here already.
FEMA and Hurricane Katrina 36.
WQA Management 21.
Boy, I'd sure like to vote for that again.
Condoleezah 911 21.
Donald Rumsfeld 19.
The SEC 2007 8.
10.
Frado 9.
I voted for Frado just for old times sake.
For Godfather's sake.
The Dallas police, the Oswald murder,
when Jack Ruby came in there and bought a Bing-6.
Washington Press Corps 5.
GM Management 4.
Marsha Clark 4.
Boy, he's in there rotting though.
Now it's not great that he's in there rotting for years and years.
Oh, I love it.
AIG executives 4.
Can Cameron's the Scamster 4.
Rock and Roll a Hull of Fame selection committee 3.
Ablekins Bodyguard 3.
CIA 3.
Donna Brazil 1.
French Army Brass 19.
39.
1.
Alan Greenspan 1.
Britney Spears Manager 1.
Munich Police at the 72 Olympics 1.
And none yet for Crazy Jim Kramer on the gambling channel Herbert Heaver.
General McClellan or Mike Tyson's Manager.
Out of the first 157 vote.
What the best name?
The best talent.
You're his new project.
The U.
Yeah.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
No luck with much money.
Ah, I, uh.
Is it today the Luna, right?
I know I miss it.
Ooh.
Oh.
You better fall down, baby.
You feel the sharp, baby.
You are.
Oh.
I don't get what I'm saying.
That's what I like to hear.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't get what I'm saying.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You have a level of flame.
You have a level of flame.
Sure is.
I think it's all that we love, it's the most important child.
It's all about me, that we love each other tonight.
It's all about the child. It's too late.
Wow. I don't want to say I'm out of touch,
but that's called Billboard Top 25 Songs of 2008 Mashup.
Mm-hmm.
And that's what you heard?
That's what I heard.
Oh. I don't know any of those songs.
I only heard one. That's what I'm saying.
So what does it mean top 25 Songs of 2008 Mashup?
I think they're scam-in-us.
Well, that 2008 Parody and Review was pretty good.
Yeah. That's a six minute thing?
Yeah. Yeah, not six minutes. This one's only four.
Oh, I'll play twice then.
I don't understand. I mean, I just played it,
but I don't understand what it is.
I thought it was going to be like a mash of the Top 25 Songs.
Like a...
In like a video...
In like a video...
I heard one.
Boy, look at those emails. Pretty slim.
I don't even see any tips on the second race of Gulf Stream today.
NeilAtNeilRodgers.com.
Let's get those emails cranking, man.
Well, when Flea was here the last two days,
we had emails up the old earlobe.
He's right across the hall. I can go get him back.
No. Well, that's up to you. I mean, yeah.
I'll go back home.
No. No, we talked a lot about his days in Tampa radio,
which I didn't know anything about in about Tampa itself,
which I don't know why anybody would want to hear about that.
But we did. And he was just fine, you know.
He's a good guy.
We sure had a lot of response, man.
Lots and lots. And then Bluebell Ice Cream is going to make an appearance on Monday.
It's making itself a Florida debut on Monday.
Good.
And we also didn't have any response on that either.
We had a lot of response, but not anything we talked about,
which is typical.
It's always been that way, just like with the calls, you know.
When I used to sit down and do my monologue for 35 minutes and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know.
And then the calls would come in and none of them would have anything to say about what I was talking about.
So this crap about, well, if you would just do topics, Neil,
I don't do topics anymore.
Topics are terminal.
Even George would agree with that.
Yep.
Topics. Let's talk about birth control.
Let's talk about a monoshon.
Oh my God.
When I think back to those days, oh, Brandon is here anyway.
Please don't play that awful bit again.
For a second, I thought power was bleeding over the stream.
Yeah, it really is awful.
I couldn't wait for it to end even though it's long.
It's four minutes and some on.
Yeah.
I mean, I kept waiting for it to go somewhere.
It did.
Yeah, went away.
Yeah.
Finally, thank God.
I thought that had such promise.
Oh, there's Sarah.
She's going to DC.
I mean, political black tie then.
Like I said, the media is obsessed with crazy people.
Rod Blackgoi-overch and Sarah Palin and all these other, oh, yesterday we had a guy on the
emails who was trying to pedal me Ron Paul.
Oh, him again.
I guess he didn't get the message that the election is over and Ron Paul didn't get any votes
and he didn't get the nomination and nobody cares about freaking Ron Paul.
This guy on and on over and over.
Oh.
I mean, why is it that if I don't agree with whatever they say that therefore that makes me
an evil person?
I mean, they're entitled to their opinion and I'll read their crap and then I go on with
my life.
Sending me an email isn't going to change my politics.
It's not going to change my life.
God.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
No, we need to change you.
Like Ted Haggard last night.
Oh, brother, I wish you to see in a few minutes of that.
I'm Larry.
Yeah.
I never watch Larry but I was chelping in there.
He was.
No chance.
Why?
Because he's on there.
Ted or Larry?
As if Larry wasn't anxious enough.
I'm going to watch him when he had somebody that I can't stand on there.
Oh.
Well, Larry's going to like to excuse his firm self.
Larry was like in his touchy a little bit.
Yeah, of course.
A lot.
Mm-hmm.
And the wife was on.
Well, I'm a Christian.
I have to.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, my God.
And these are the, these are the same people always condemning the faggots to burn in hell.
And all the other's crap that they spew.
And the meantime, they're diddling everything that moves and some things that can't move
anymore.
Yep.
They're the ones that are going into the graveyard dig it up the old bodies like, uh,
Esmeralda.
How's she doing, by the way?
She's still doing the, uh, hunchback?
Who?
Evangelical pastor.
Esmeralda from the hunchback of Notre Dame of the Bush.
Oh, she brought off with that other guy.
She does.
Phoebus.
Yeah.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Phoebus.
Orville.
Orville.
No, right.
Evangelical pastor Ted Haggard described yesterday as fundamentally true and assertion that he
engaged in inappropriate relationship with a 20-year-old male volunteer in 2006.
Well, there's nothing when a 20-year-old volunteers.
The incident occurred when the two men were in bed together.
Grant Haas said in the videotape that if you played on C.E.N.
Slurkin live, he pretty much asked me if it was okay if he masturbated in front of me
or masturbated in the bed next to me.
Haas said, I told him no, it would make me really uncomfortable.
But he grabbed a bottle of lotion and started masturbating.
Haas said, and Haggard used to say to me, you know what, Grant, you can become a man of
God and you can have a little bit of fun on the side too.
Haggard 52 said the incident was an indicator of the compulsive behavior that ruled him
at the time.
However, he said he's been undergoing therapy during the two-year since and working
it out.
When it doubt, work it out with or without the lotion.
Controversy involving Haggard first erupted in November 2006 when a former prostitute
Mike Jones said the pastor had paid him for sex over three years and used meth amphetamine
in his presence.
Haggard initially admitted an interview to see we received a massage from Jones, but tonight
having sex with him.
Well I think when they massage your penis, that's generally called sex.
He also said he brought, if he also said he bought meth, but threw it away instead of
using it.
He bought it, but he just threw it away.
I see.
You know, he didn't, he didn't inhale.
That's right.
The assertions received widespread news coverage in Spark, changes in charges of hypocrisy,
especially because Haggard has condemned homosexual sex like all the other good Christians
of his ilk, of his cloth.
Anticozon and on and on and on.
Oh, I think, I think that Mark Jones rescued me by disclosing the information.
I paid a heavy price, it was stupid, he said.
Haggard likened his struggles with his desires to the struggles faced by dieters who say,
I'm not going to eat today and then they eat.
Yeah, I'm not going to screw around with guys today, but then they screw around with guys.
Sounds a little bit gay to me, but that won't what I know.
Neil, God.
The number one problem facing sport host today is getting laid.
Hmm, I don't know.
I want to touch a girl.
Yeah, it's trip joints in warehouses that maintain confidence in your manly hood, but
when you're going to get some on your own merit without having to lay out expendable
cash, will now your chance with sport whole radio's white men in the keys contest.
Look for the life-size bust of Galdese head urinal cake made from the wholesome goodness
of genuine urinal cake.
While in the urinal, you will find the URL.
Then enter it on your cell, enter username, vagrant password, the badge.
They wait for your chance to win.
Wow, another winner.
White men in the keys.
On to go, double you to me.
If it's the right.
14 before 11 at 560 W.C.M. we got the big ol' at the Super Bowl through this afternoon,
but I'm still going to be so glad when the Super Bowl crap is over with.
I mean, Arizona and Pittsburgh give me a break.
I'm not even going to watch the game.
I have no interest.
I hate both teams.
I don't hate Arizona.
I just don't like them.
I don't think they belong there.
And the Steelers can't stand them.
Ever since that immaculate reception by Franco Harris, I've hated the Steelers.
Georgia course has got a tremendous betting interest.
I have no trouble ignoring everything that's going on with three players.
Mad Dog gets Super Bowl 4-7, Dolphin and I-7 away from somewhere, and then D-A-A-T11
Greg Lykins with his usual Friday show 11-1 in the morning.
I don't understand why we have a show on Friday night from 11-1 and then the rest of the
week we have ESPN, which is really cheap.
Open up a pot.
It's the cheap channel way, baby.
Open up a pot and puts some syndicated crap on here, which starting in March is what they're
going to do in 940.
50,000 Watts right in the middle of the dial, and they're going to do another bogus sports
station with all these syndicated goofballs, Dan Patrick and Romy.
Oh, God.
If it fails, if at first you fail, fail again.
It's like putting a hockey team in Atlanta.
Oh, gee, they failed there before.
I think they're going to really pack them in now, not Andrew and Richmond Hill says that
mash-up song you played was La Vida song by Coldplay with lines from a bunch of other
popular songs mixed into it, which is notable because they were sued by a virtuoso guitar
artist named Joe Satriani.
They plagiarized his song quite obviously, so I guess that's why it's supposed to be
funny to mix a bunch of the other songs in there as well.
I say yes.
Tell George that we got the good stuff up here in Ontario.
They got the good stuff, eh?
Yeah, I got the good stuff right here.
T. R. says mash-ups aren't mixes or remixes, but you actually take elements from the songs
to create a joint song.
Oh, there we go again with a joint.
This mash-up album was linking Park J. Z. about two years ago.
The tracks state that they're as follows.
Then it's got a list of all these tracks.
I don't care.
It's just a horrible bit.
Would you agree?
I could play it again.
No, twice.
But I won't.
It would be bad.
Really bad.
Here's one from the Fague J. Reynolds.
Russell Wases is high.
Yes, screw both of you, okay?
With your phony lunch.
Oh, yeah, we're going to open up the...
Remember that deal at IOD?
They try to get into the...
Stabric and suds in the back.
Oh, the boy Gary and get Joey the afternoon gig.
I mean, oh my God.
Just pathetic.
Talk about devious and dangerous.
Russell Wases is how he is sad for you.
Thanks for wasting away WQA.
Well, be sad for somebody else.
Like Vincent said in Godfather 3, love somebody else.
You had a good sidekick yesterday.
He wasn't Bill Marshall, but was lot better than the stiff
usually have in there.
Says Joey.
Well, he hates you like boys.
Right.
The Fague J. Reynolds G and the Fague Bill Marshall.
Right.
That's Homo Jones, one of them, like all of them.
Is it really Homo Jones?
Or one of them, who knows?
Maybe he drinks Homo Jones's milk.
Yeah.
With a turkey bassster.
This is cute.
This really cracks me up.
Janice says, why do you hate kids?
I just got done listening to your Wednesday show from the archives.
Anyway, you went off about how you hate babies.
They should stay off airplanes.
I didn't say I hate babies.
I hate loud screaming babies in first class when I pay an arm and a leg to sit
and what's supposed to be like a more comfortable, enjoyable atmosphere.
Just let these people tell you what you said, all right?
Yeah, that's right.
Just like Leo there with the comments about Geldie and about a great voice, which I never
said anything about.
You have to have a great voice to do a great talk show.
It doesn't matter what you have to have at least a listable voice, not sounding like fingernails
on a freaking blackboard, Leo.
You say what they want you to have said.
Anyway, you went off about how you hate babies.
Now they should stay off airplanes.
What?
How can anyone say that?
I know you're not a parent, but you have no idea about kids.
What am I?
Mother of two supposed to do with kids.
Leave them at home with some random family member?
Stick them to my court.
No, stick them in with their coach where they belong with you, honey.
Stick them away in a back in cargo.
There's something really wrong with society when people criticize you if you try to do your
job as a parent.
Well, believe you me, the people I was complaining about weren't doing their job as a parent
at the point.
Their kids were running all over a hell's-half acre in the first class cabin.
They were out of control and the mother was out of control too.
She was up and down like a freaking top, like a jack in the box.
I would find a better solution, but there simply is none.
Babies cry, you can't help it.
Instead of being in complaining, instead of being complaining, you can simply bring earplugs
when iPod or something cover the noise that ain't hard to do.
Yeah, bring earplugs.
I'm a great mother and I tell you, it would not take my kids on an airplane, but sometimes
there's no other choice.
Put yourself in the parent's shoes.
It's that easy.
It's hard to go off like that and sound like a bitch, but I don't like it when people
are so anti-kids like you.
You know something I think that even parents, I could be wrong, but even parents who have
raised kids through that stage are being little and crying and screaming.
I think that even if they buy an expensive seat in business or first class, they are irritated
when somebody's little kid is on their in business class.
They don't belong there, okay?
They don't belong in business class.
They belong in monkey business class way in the back.
Well, but you hate kids.
That's right.
I'm WC fields.
I hate kids.
I hate everybody.
I wonder if I won't email the other day.
I hate everybody.
I hate all the people I work with.
I hate this one.
I hate the colors.
I hate the emailers.
I hate everybody.
Because they're all in my head.
They're all in my head.
They all know exactly where I'm coming from.
BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM.
I won't be long before we hear from you on my page.
That'll be on there soon.
I'm sure.
As the South Florida negativity continues spreading northward.
Here's one about Jesse.
Neil Jesse is great reading the sports news and he sounded great when he did some marlins
games a few years ago, but he's miserable on talk shows.
He's one of the most boring and dry people ever.
He'd be great to win the Keynes who dolphins games, but please keep him off talk shows.
Vanilla ice cream is more exciting than him.
At another note, why is your station so obsessed with a Super Bowl?
Are the dolphins playing?
I could care less what some washed up illiterate athletes thinks about this game.
Right.
I keep hearing you talk about your station having money issues.
Now here, 345 guys live from Tampa.
Is the station not paying their way?
They're paying them to be on the air.
I'll tell you that.
It seems pretty ridiculous to me.
It's a football game.
Not the election says Charles in Pinecrest.
Well, I got news for our station didn't care about the election.
All they care about is football games.
It's part of Joe Bell and his stupid ass wall of football.
Oh, here you go.
Marty's got a good point.
Why don't you have Joyce on the pool so I can vote accurately?
Add Joyce to the pool.
Most incompetent do it.
Well, it says QA management, but I guess she's in a separate category all by itself.
Should I write something in parentheses like our lawyer or something like that?
Joyce.
Listen, if they don't know Joyce, then they have no business voting on the pool.
Are you kidding me?
Our lawyer?
What happened to you during those two days when you were sick?
Did you have like a very very or something?
Yeah.
Did you have like some kind of a brain fart?
Whatever.
And by the way, if you had it, don't play it on the air.
I know what I'm going to do.
They just to get even with Joyce.
I'm playing this for four hours.
That's suck.
That was really bad.
I apologize to the audience for playing that by the way.
Although at least a couple of people out there under the age of 100 knew what that's all about.
I don't and I don't want to know.
They're mashing it.
They're mashing the smell.
I'd like to smash it with a ball-pean hammer is what I would like to do.
I'd also like to smash right by way of it.
And the people in the media who keep putting them on the air.
Oh God.
If you could have seen them performance by Chris Matthews last night on softballs.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
And then as soon as the guy would start talking out, well, what do you think?
I mean, you think he really, and the guy is standing there.
You can tell by the look at his face how exasperated he's getting.
Because Chris Matthews won't let him say anything.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
You got to play that big again.
Why?
You got to play that big again.
No, don't start promoting to Chris Matthews, but I played it yesterday.
Okay. Sorry.
I'll play it.
I'll get to it.
I'll play all of them.
Oh, don't you know that the Mickey bits in the, yeah, I'll play whatever I want to play.
Okay.
And you'll keep listening.
Those of you with all the complaints, those are the ones you guarantee will never turn it out.
Just like I'm your, I'm your, you're my bitch or whatever that is.
Every minute of every day, you're listening, you're taking mental notes,
you're squeezing yourself.
I know listening just the sound of my voice gets them all worked up.
Oh my God.
Whoa.
Long, long.
Oh, Edwin.
Oh, not Edwin.
Oh, I thought it was from like a real person.
Edwin, you know, Edwin,
you know, the Rod Black way of it to our audience.
He's another crazy.
And here's one from Joe about that top 25 mesh that Mishmash,
that crap that I'm going to play again over and over.
That's the new format, Joe Bell.
And Louis calls were playing, we're mashing it.
We're going to do the monster mash and we're going to enjoy.
It's going to be the monster.
We're going to mash her ugly ass.
Hopefully it was tell me that she's not attractive by the way.
Okay.
That was his diplomatic way of saying that she's an ugly bitch.
Norma also has a past along that information.
Edwin says, what's up, Neil?
I moved to Texas about two weeks ago.
It blows too many Bible thumpers.
I still got you in Georgia.
So I'll get through it.
Is there anything worth?
Oh boy.
Although the food is good here.
Good barbecue joints and they got fun rockers.
I must admit I had some killer Mexican food.
What's up with flea?
Is he going to replace fat Chris or Joe Bell?
Gonna replace him seems like as soon as somebody associates himself
with the Elijah show to get fired within six months.
I wanted to talk about the two to four hours.
The post of yesterday, but never mind who cares.
I'll screw it up.
Anyway, is Kenny Walker still available or maybe Jason Jackass?
Oh my God.
I was I was six.
So I didn't get to weigh in on that discussion.
Yeah, but the two to four slots.
So I'm just like really, really briefly.
If God Almighty Jesus Christ or anyone else who might get a number
would be available for that slot, they won't put them on there.
Exactly.
Because they wouldn't suck and they wouldn't fail.
Right.
Joseph, Haney, you'll endure that top 25 makes you play as a collage
of the crap my daughters are exposed to on the radio.
No, it's not too racy.
And I'm not an old uptight Christian.
Today's pop radio is just watered down sterile noise.
The void of any soul rhythm or meaning.
As George said, the songs on constant rotation are chosen by a bunch
of suits who have no taste in music.
And it's played to simple.
Something.
Oh, Simultons with the same non taste in music.
The video on your website of the Christian horror who struggled
to hang up the phone on the crank is hilarious.
Welcome back George and oh, Neil, my queen God says Joe.
Thank you, Joe.
Top 25 bowl of mush.
He described it.
Nice going.
This is the Neoronter show.
To the toy toy.
This is your brain.
To the toy toy toy toy toy.
Any question?
Here's the story of a lovely lady.
Of Victoria's secret miles well known.
Many teens stole that catalog from their mother
when they were all alone.
Here's the story of a man Tom Brady who
was a new England Patriots quarterback.
But in the opening game of the season,
we heard his left beat crack till the one day when the lady met
this fellow.
They've been seen it on a Hollywood function.
Now these two are engaged to be married.
That's the way they all became Brady Bunchin.
Brady Bunchin.
Brady Bunchin.
That's the way they became Brady Bunchin.
Yeah, he's been munching the bunch and it's 11 or 3 at QA.
I guess what?
I got a great idea with all the shit.
But it also starts with an important leadership at the top.
Keeping your head coach, keeping a general manager,
keeping those coaches in place, keeping that personal apartment
in place.
It's the owner and CEO of the Falcons.
Arthur Blank.
It's the NFL network.
What do you think?
Whatever.
We could just play their audio.
We'd be right on top of the Super Bowl.
We wouldn't have to be feeling left out.
Like 20 hours of Super Bowl talk all around us.
Somehow I'm not feeling left out at all.
I'm not feeling left out at all somehow.
So I think they have a chance to do that.
But it's only a chance that nothing happened by saying it.
They said they got a chance in their pants with some crap like that.
I don't know.
It's really boring to me.
It's boring to sell.
I mean, the Patriots aren't in it.
And the dolphins aren't in it, which anybody knew that they wouldn't be.
Although, what a great season.
Now what a turnaround.
Yeah, OK.
By the way, the word is jewelry.
There's no such word as jewelry.
I've been saying that for years to people.
They're trying to teach Americans how to speak jewelry.
Jewelry.
It's made out of jewels.
That's jewelry.
There are no Jews in this.
It's not jewelry.
Jewelry.
Jewelry.
Jewelry.
Just like its February and library.
Right.
Now I was thinking since Sunday is February 1st, why don't they just because most people
are stupid anyway, why don't they just take the R the first R out of it, make it February?
Oh, man, we could clean up the English language if you're in a start.
Wouldn't that be good?
A lot of stuff like that.
And take the first R out of library and make it library.
Just to accommodate the illiterate.
Because that's the way most idiots say.
I agree with you kids on planes, but even worse, as kids in movie theaters says somebody,
amen.
I don't need a kid crying during a horror film.
Says call me Batman.
Yeah, Batman, my ass.
I'll go get the bat man.
Phil says you're absolutely correct, sir.
There's no reason my parents are allowed their kids to run around all over the place.
They also do it in restaurants.
I'm a parent never allowed my kids to run around like some parents do.
These parents are lazy and don't care.
They're bad parents, okay?
They're bad human beings.
They're inconsiderate.
They think that everything that their kids do or that their their their pets do like the dogs.
I see some people let their dog they have you know guests in the house and they let the dogs just run crazy.
Yeah, no, this is that baby.
Right.
It says I'm a parent never allowed my kids to run around like some parents do.
These parents are lazy and don't care.
They just don't want to be bothered.
The managers of these establishes should ask these parents to leave, but on a plane, I guess that's impossible.
No, they should have an emergency shoot to shove them out.
That's right.
Or just shoot them.
If these parents can't control their kids, they shouldn't have them.
Well, guess what, Phil?
As you know, it doesn't take a lot of talent to make babies.
Even the dumbest people ever born make babies.
A lot of them.
Oh, and here's a picture of some chick holding a bottle of beer between her boobs.
Oh, boy, you're sure barking up the wrong tree with that said George.
He'll love it.
That's all right.
It's just why if I want one of those pictures, I'll take such a picture.
I see.
Well, she was very attractive, as you say.
Nevertheless.
Jewelry.
Say it.
Jewelry.
You hear it all the time.
Newscasters and commercials.
Jewelers.
No, it drives me nuts.
Jewelers.
Jewelers.
Jews.
It's a jeweler.
Choose the Jews.
Choose.
Anyway, Oish voices.
The worst place I ever heard her head was because of screaming brats being ignored by their mothers.
Instead of strapping on the parachute and giving the rest of us a break, there are worse.
Nursing home a smell only adds to the misery.
I don't hate kids just out of control, kids.
That says it exactly.
Oish, boy, you put your thumb right in it.
Babies.
I don't hate kids just out of control.
Listen, kid.
Listen, listen to me.
Listen.
There's something that a baby can do that's much worse and much more annoying than scream
in no matter how loud.
Yeah.
And then the parents refuse to change the child.
Really?
They've got to sit there their whole lights smelling the baby crap.
Oh, I don't want to smell baby poop.
Smells like.
Who does?
It smells like rancid apple sauce.
It smells like crap.
Well, that's because it is.
It's like walking in a quintess.
It's like, oh, it smells like crap in here.
Coincidence?
You know, even in my advanced age and all, I've been around the block a few times, you
know, all over the world.
But I go in it like it would by, and I go into the public tea room.
And there are times I think, oh my god, it smells like crap in here.
And then I realize that's the smell of crap.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
It's a smell of Joyce.
Now, let me ask you, does she smell like Joyce?
Because you were in that meeting.
I didn't hover.
Did you sit anywhere close by her?
I did.
Because fat Chris in that email.
Now, were you here today that fat Chris sent that email in?
Yes.
Okay.
And he said that he was waiting around to talk to you, but you were busy smoothing with
Joyce and trying to give her like some of the lights.
In there were like 10 minutes talking to her and the lawyer.
Yeah.
Why were you wasting your time?
You know, that's just me.
Hard to ask.
I'm a time wasted.
Just want to take no further.
I was a little joily.
I was a when because she said that we can revisit the issue.
So I was trying to get some.
Let me give you an old expression that I think really sums it up well.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Nevertheless, I wasn't going to be guilty of not trying, you know?
Here's one that says what the F you bitch and all Edwin go away Edwin.
How do you like this?
You bitch and moan about not getting any email.
I just sent you when you didn't read it in it's entirety you a whole never writing
you again, you hypocrite mother effort Edwin.
You're a crazy person Edwin.
Crazy person go go sit on a cactus.
There's somewhere in Texas.
Do they have cactus and Texas are just in Arizona, New Mexico.
I wouldn't know.
I imagine.
I bet you they got cactus.
I bet you they do.
Go sit on one and when you're a crazy person.
Here's one from Rob.
So the octoplets, octoplets parents already have six brats.
Who do we sue?
The doctors who gave them the fertility drugs forced severalization they already had six
kids.
God says rob neighborhood.
That should be fed to cannibals.
There you go.
Crazy people making babies dumb people making babies and you'll notice that dumb people and
poor people make the most babies.
Coincidentally, of course in this hemisphere, the reason that they make so many babies is
because the pope keeps telling them about the evils of birth control.
Make lots of babies.
Make the church happy.
Not that the church is going to feed them or anything like that or give you any assistance.
Make a lot of babies do a lot of old, the old in and out and make a lot of babies and
then we'll be proud of you.
Then we can have more mob families.
Ed says what's your all my god Ed till the fake Ed till you know of all the people to be
a fake of Ed till.
I've told you the story about him a million times how they try to pawn him off on me at
the W's news.
I was the PD for about five minutes.
Oh, what is your opinion of the demise of America?
I don't have one.
I don't have one.
And it says the demise of America.
Are they going off the air?
I didn't know there's a demise.
I know in the market there because I and Z's going sports and cheap channels just cheapening
up the ideal.
I figured the format would go over like Budweiser and Tampa.
It says who's the guy you had when we do yesterday sounded pretty good.
I like the mouth content you have in there today.
Oh, this is the fake joy rentals.
Right.
Would you be open to the idea of a guest co host?
I would love to come in regards that no, I would not be open to the idea of any guest
host, especially a loser like Ed Till one of the all time worst and boy, that covers
a lot of territory.
He makes guilty.
I'm like Westbrook and Horries for Leo the guilty lover.
Oh, come on you sick old man.
Why are you knocking guilty?
Yeah, okay.
Wow.
Cornell.
You know, I would, is there a way to control how do, how does the font get determined when
somebody sends you an email?
They determine it.
Well up your font.
Oh, my God.
You know what I mean?
Little tiny print.
Yes.
I mean, you can change that when you go to print.
Yeah.
No, I don't need to do that when I print it out.
I mean, I can read just fine without my glasses.
Thank you.
To be very honest with you, I have bifocus and I don't really know why because I don't
use my glasses to read.
I don't need them and I don't use them.
I say because I'm stupid, I guess.
Are you near sighted?
Yes.
And it's a lot more expensive that way too.
And I like wasting money.
You know me.
Sure.
Cornell says great poll this morning.
I wish you could add the Wall Street eight holes to the poll.
Let me get this straight.
These eight holes probably turned down thousands of small business and personal loans last year
that gave themselves bonuses for having the worst year and 40 years.
That's right.
And with the various same money that those people asked for loans gave them in the tarp.
They should put these guys in lockdown with some of the brothers doing life.
Great show, Cornell and Miami.
Thanks, Cornell.
I like when Obama got P.O.
Yesterday with the CEOs.
You know, P.O.
And Biden always looks P.O.
But since he became Vice President, he always looks really pissed off.
Studying to the economic issues that most impact in the lives of middle class families.
We're also launching a website today.
The website will be a strong middle class dot.
I thought it was going to be called why am I pissed off.com all about Joe Biden?
Boy, he looks really ticked off.
He looks like he's going to kill somebody very soon.
And I wouldn't blame him.
Are you sending me something?
Nope.
Somebody sending me something.
Probably another damn ad fact.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
I'm not going to be a bad guy.
Her FEMA during Hurricane Katrina 60,
Condoleezza during 9.11.33,
Donald Rumsfeld 29 during his lifetime,
WDQM Management 29,
the SEC 2007 and 8.20,
Frado 13, nice going, Frado.
A Frado.
Seeing other Hail Mary,
come on, can't hurt.
Washington Press Corps 12,
AIG executives 9,
Dallas Police during the Oswald murder,
eight Jack Rubik.
They knew Jack.
Scam Scamarin 7,
Rock n' Roll,
Hall of Fame Selection Committee 6,
GM Management 6,
Alan Greenspan 6,
Abel Lincoln's Bodyguard 6.
How's the play?
Marsha Clark 5,
CIA 5,
Joyce 4.
She was late edition.
She's moving on up.
The unit police during the 72 Olympics 3,
Donna Brazil won.
Now, why does she have a vote?
Donna Brazil.
I don't, I'm just not a big fan of hers at all.
Well, she's a woman, you know.
I tell you who I really like.
Was this lady attorney general Villanoi
that was on her last night trying to speak
when Chris Matthews kept into rupting her?
She's a brilliant woman.
Wow.
Very impressive.
And she really knew her crap.
Another lady I don't like is Maria Bartoromo,
even though she emails us religiously every day.
Jim Kramer,
Crazy Kramer won.
Yeah, that should tell you everything
you didn't know about investing in the market
is the fact they've got a crazy guy on doing cartwheels
and going,
what about your money?
I don't know about you,
but there's nothing funny about losing your money.
Yesterday, it would buy.
And I lost my ass.
I mean, bad.
But that's where it goes.
I had a real hot speaking out on a coal streak.
It goes in streaks.
Don't ask me why,
but all gamblers know that it goes in streaks.
French Army brass 1939-1,
Herbert Hoover 1,
General McClellan 1,
Brittany Spears manager 1,
and Mike Tyson's manager has got the big none.
Speaking of the big,
he'll be on it to two.
It is, it is.
Go ahead and say it.
It really is incredible.
He's got a 1.1 share,
but you know, they like him a lot.
I guess the audience doesn't.
Jeffrey is our contestant today for the pick-up-one contest
and we'll be carrying the second race.
We'll get race intensive in that one o'clock hour.
Like we do every Friday.
Good.
And maybe we'll pick the first race,
but just for fun,
because you're not at the track today.
You're not going to be back there until February 20th.
Right, that's really.
Well, that's fine.
That's about, you know,
what's the month thing?
What Flea said yesterday.
Yeah, you can't afford to be losing your money
more than once a month.
I tried to make money for you the other day,
and I thought,
I know, I don't feel bad.
I thought you were going to actually,
I was going to make you,
and it was only going to lose you like $3.20.
Neither you nor all of the year.
And at 31,
you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
And you were supposed to be in the car.
Listen to me, Mr. Bigot.
Nobody in my-
Listen, my people don't copy the black people any more than your people do.
All right?
Then my people do?
Yeah, your people.
You mean gay.
Okay.
Sure, whatever.
Yeah.
Anybody else?
Well, why do people say, ask you a question?
Because it's wrong because they're illiterate.
Illiterate.
Now you're talking.
Yeah.
That can be anybody in America.
My people.
I don't- I don't hear people hear say that.
Well, acts around.
I'll act surrounding.
Let me ask you a question.
How's it going, eh?
And I still don't understand how these homeless people we had a footest snow on Wednesday.
And the homeless people are still on the street corners.
I- I don't understand how they stay alive.
We had that discussion.
Yeah.
They find-
They keep on me.
They go somewhere.
They don't go anywhere.
I'm telling you, they're under lying on the sidewalk.
I'm freezing ground.
There are shelters.
I know that.
And they have buses that go around and offer to take these people in.
Right.
But there are some of the really, you can have buses.
They're really homeless people.
They're homeless people.
They prefer to live on the street.
Don't you understand?
That is living on the street.
They find warm places to sleep or to take shelter.
They're at warm places.
Yeah.
The wind is blowing and it's snowing and the street is wet.
And they got this little blanket.
Oh my god.
There are worldly possessions.
You could put it in the thimble and have room for Joe Bell's fat ass in there.
And you would tell me about that.
about they find a warm spot places you are heartless you are cruel no that's
a fact how does that heartless and wonder that even your little dog not too
fond of your ass how does that heartless and cruel that's a fact it's Friday you
bastard
for a call for a rush limbo with your my friends on what the left is copypico fags
call the
donning of a new generation well you know what ice up because I say good now
you're gonna get a chance first hand to witness all that I've been warning you
about they want it all but okay they got them and today the market fell
another 300 points he's no friend of corporate my friends and that means he's
no friend of mine mark my words my friends he's going to plunge us into the
dank and dirty darkness of freedom and prosperity yes my friends I'm going to
watch you suffer from the comfort of my luxurious mansion in Bomb Beach
a tell you my friends a high tone like that shouldn't be serving in the
wide house he should be serving drinks on a train he he he
what do you people do here my personal point is I be not work there on the
three-thousand all this stuff pal you gotta leave
you have to listen
I'm a peer-travel cool and boring yeah well you failed
no no come on that's how let's go
no no I'm afraid of people that's why I'm really seen in public you know I'm
afraid of people you hear this yeah yeah I'm crying
I'm afraid of people I'm afraid of people okay let me 33 27 to
Lunekuay we're not talking about the Super Bowl today oh geez that's all
anybody cares about Neil your sum out of touch good screw it don't
George wants to talk about the Super Bowl though sure that length let me
start now well finally here's from fake Robert I have the winner for you of
the second race unfortunately these tough times have forced me to horror
myself out like an x-jock please read a small blurred from my sponsor before
giving listeners my pick and he goes on with the thing about Canada post when
you feel like mailing it in there's only one company to trust Canada post
Canada post we will deliver it when we often feel like it thanks need just made
me a hundred dollars Canadian God love the two horse with Kent to
swarm up in the second that the mortgage good luck he has to Mickey bits are
great Rob and beautiful Prince Edward Island Canada a well thanks Rob and I
don't like the two in the second race at all let me look at it again merch
lurch lurch maybe but merch no this horse is over two years and I'm gonna put
this guy's money not his money but our money on the two hasn't want to race in
two freaking years good golly miss Molly does have three wins on the turf but I
don't think so what do you think George you want a horse in addition to which
and I don't like the two sorry sorry Rob have a nice day yeah go deliver us
something else and go with your own pick because if you let somebody else
pick for you and you know you know I'm taking the six who's six to one in the
morning line is not certainly not chalk I don't know what price he's gonna be
for he's valid with the Jose Laskano that's my pick the six now maybe somebody
can talk me out of it I don't know he's still got a long way to go we got the
two hours and nine minutes before post time Betty says hello I must weigh in on
the babies the first ladies in India the one that says you hate babies I'm a
mom of two youngest being six weeks and I just about cringe when I'm out and
there's a crying baby two babies cry but do something about it she's probably
the one that forces her babies and toddlers on you in our rated movie too
and the octoplets I know George hates John and Kate or at least Kate yes as he
seen the Dougher's the proud parents of 18 they must be crazy they must be
nuts yes the Dougher's yes am I supposed to know who that is no who are they the
people with 18 kids
Chuck from Chicago who evidently doesn't have a job or any kind I don't know he's
okay he's a good emailer but boy he is really chronic Lisa Madigan is the name
of the Illinois Attorney General she's the daughter of Mike Madigan he's the
speaker of the Illinois House he started her career as a state senator she then
ran for Attorney General her father basically helped her win I think people are
pleasantly surprised you turn out to be pretty darn good yet she's a very
articulate very I seem like a really bright person the ten words of Chris Matthews
let her get in with the way politics go here you never know what you're gonna
get he says meaning in Chicago in Illinois here's the fake Maria Bartero
hello hello mr. Rogers I have a business proposition for your consideration
since you're doing pick a pony segment every Friday promoting reckless
irresponsible spending I'd like to propose doing an investment segment with
none other than myself every Friday morning no we can call it invest for your
future Fridays no I think this will be a great service to you and your
listeners no not to mention I'm sure your listeners will find a segment more
enjoyable in a herb jerk streak segment well I'm sure of that yes I'm on my way
back from Davos so if interest you let me know I'll put you in touch with my
agent have a great weekend sincerely Maria B I know something might actually be
her even though you think that everybody's a fake emailer yes I got a couple
emails from Roger Taylor that I used to work with in Kalamazoo Michigan hundred
years ago and he sent me his picture and he's an old man now and WKZ on
Kalamazoo aren't you impressed I actually got a correspondence from somebody that
I knew that's something from 40 years ago and was so depressing to see his
picture he's not as fat as he used to be though anyway he used to work he used to
hang around the station I guess he used to work weekends on the year on WTPS
in Kalamazoo that's not a bad town
Frank says did you perchance get to see the report about a school in Georgia
who banned sugar from the cafeteria turns out the school average test scores
went 15% up I personally believe that a child's behavior is greatly
affected by the diet I would bet these crying screaming out of control kids and
just finished a bowl of sugar shockers washed out with a glass of chocolate milk
if parents would feed their children a proper diet less than 40 grams of sugar
per day they would put the riddle in industry out of business nothing
frustrates me more than seeing a parent with that frustrated look on their face
as they have no clue how to control their kids without doing something that
would put them in jail because I know the
something can't help himself if he's just reacting to a sugar high the lad the
kid says Frank yeah sugar high sugar ought to be banned kills people it's
addictive it's it's worse than any drug on the street even George would agree
with that because George likes the drugs on the street some of the only drug that
has killed people that I love sugar sugar oh it's taken three people
out overeating in general but yeah sugar sugar maybe it's addictive it does
a tap dance on your taste buds how we doing on that pull how many votes we got
I certainly don't want to read the result 300 300 even you impressed by that
you don't care about it that's right no you don't care I don't know what that
male guy from more of it he was from that to horse with cancer I wouldn't bet
on I wouldn't bet on it with his money horse hasn't won a race in two years only
has like 14 starts in two years and probably won't make it on the starting
gate but nevertheless
but they go home and eat your whole homes till you explode just like your fat
fat churned in ladies have two bite you seats on a plane he's been in your
fingers that have yellow stained from sea toes can't see your toes past your
baby who knows how to be fact disgusting and tasty you make the
judge it women smile they like a cow's fat and sassy
thinks they'll be fat so repulsive and mild your body cheese smells like a
crap but after it was occupied by head pass nerdy does you want to get into
your car
us your two and why
I can squeal I can squeal I can squeal fat lady
living with your number less mean
the sliver and it's not in the tree between
the most fishing to me
that's my
tasty
14 to noon at five sixty w.
Rob over there in the world of hell he is just ask can't to serve all he told me
the two is do yeah you should live so long Rob don't be touting on stiffs
okay
i'm looking at the form on this
peace
as in p.o.s. I don't like it
believe at least you responded to it though and that's something nobody else
i don't think we have a whole lot of horse racing people out there you know
probably you
it would be nice if we did
anyway frank says my wife and i went to we used to eat at the carabas and
saint Pete last night
mind you it's a family restaurant however we sat next to a large table with
several uncontrolled kids about four to six years old
one kid in particular was louder and kept walking around instead of sitting
in eating dinner the waiter came back to take their dishes back to the kitchen
loading a stack of them in his arms
when he turned to leave the kid was just walking back to the table and the waiter
cracked the kid right in the forehead with one of the dishes at which point the
kids started wailing
you can almost hear everyone around us collectively say
good
how do you like that
nice shot
oh guess why have a
blurb about here
Henry Barrow
oh good
oh
ex-doth and broadcaster has a new wine gig and it's got a picture of Henry holding a
bottle of wine here
the picture is chopped off in half so you can only see half of his growth
Henry Barrow has a new gig the long time color announcer for the Miami
dolphin football network who became the wine guy
at gardeners market and then the wine guy Jimmy Cifalus is in the grove
out of his is now giving wine talks at wolf's wine shop
at one twenty four miracle mile and crawlgables
this is pretty timely this Thursday January twenty nine yesterday
at seven p.m. Henry will talk about Australian wines
and shop owner Jerry Wolf will join in the dialogue prices fifty bucks and
it's got a number to call in the out of the out of the but this is last night at
seven o'clock
not too timely this was sent this morning at eleven forty one a.m.
like seven minutes ago
so
sorry we couldn't help you out Henry hope it went well
that too
he's who says
i agree with you in george
parents who can't control their little pain in the as-bratch and be moved
immediately
to a part of the plane maybe in cargo
where they don't bother the rest of the passengers
why should i pay good money to be in first business or any seat and have to
put up with a hole so should be subjected to forced sterilization now we're
talking baby forced sterilization
if it hasn't happened to you guys how about sitting in a concert a restaurant
have to put up with the same crap i have on several occasions
as to be moved thanks to jerks who can't control their brats
what you know it's kind of tough when you're sitting on a sold out full plane
every seat is taken yeah
okay to move me back to cargo because i'm getting a little tired of these
a brandy kids run into the cockpit you know let them bother the captain
yeah that that's a good idea
now here's a picture of a really strange looking lady
a woman drug to her former friend with benefits and violated his no-go-whole
while he was passed out
it says sexual assault is never funny but this is about as close as it gets
and unidentified fifty-year-old man from long-month calirado invited his
former friend with benefits a fifty-three-year-old woman named Janice McCarled
the barbecue at his house got a picture of her man she is some really
trailer trashy looking bitch i mean
but after having a few drinks the guy started to feel kind of funny
so we headed inside passed out next thing he knew
number one it was the next morning
number two Janice was asleep in bed next to him
number three there was a bottle of lotion on the night stand next to the bed
number four his backside with sore
so what happened allegedly Janice drug the guy so he'd pass out
then while he was unconscious
she used her hands and committed an act which police report
describes his quote unwanted penetration
back home
you like that
just got an examiner you heard that correctly Janice drug the guy used her
hand to violate his holiest of holies
holes hold my gun on wednesday Janice was arrested for suspicion of sexual
assault
she's been held on ten thousand dollars bond and if she's convicted
it's mandatory she gets at least ten years in prison good she can have a
really good time in there
and then we can ask her how you do with the ladies
uh... but only wants to be apparently yeah
wow
here's boris who says
on and by the way boris is p.s. is how you do with the ladies
cute coincidence
yeah must be a missy that's my psychic powers again i just knew it was on that sheet
neal god long time list of the show is great school joys
the other day heard one of the seven i'd be hosting about how many votes to get
under pull because it's such a popular station
so i decided to check out their poll
in republican fashion after you submit your vote you may continue to keep voting
again and again and again
this i thought was hilarious even worse than footies polling methods
the two to four poll today i thought was a great one as the two to four slot
currently is horrendous
i can't believe i'm saying this but i would rather hear anything including the
jerk show rather than the big
as bad as the jerk show was at least jerks himself was energetic and slightly
entertaining
the big old show consists of a two-hour monotone rant
of breaking down low-level college football players
forty-hour dash times and interviews with other unknown small-time illiterate
jerk jox
if joebell had any brains he'd give Georgia shot in the two to four slot
considering the horrible numbers that shows produced how can Georgia's at
times lobby any worst that what's been on two to four last few years
we hope you find a good machine at woodbine
audio's boris and p.s. how you do with the ladies
how do you like that
cute thanks but like i said earlier
yeah
Walter Cronkite
i mean anybody you name a name if they have a chance of getting a number
they will not be on there
i don't take a personally it doesn't matter who it might be
really really
you know that
oh my god wester's and me a thing about tampa food that goes on what's not that
long
it's just requires being printed out
on truck and chicago is back again my god some of these people are just
i really do have a job i just have a sit at a computer all day so it's easy to
flip
and drop you an email
says holy crap that promo for joe rose suck joe singing something about
football to the tune of
with it
i don't know what he's talking about one of the one
no joe is our singing joe there's a bloggo the people of the linoi
the last of the represent is governor for the last six years before that
the congressman for six years before that
as a state legislator
he loves him he loves them he loves being able to rip them off
all crazy people and like i said the media is just can't get enough of these
people on and on and on
whenever he's even again it'll be much too soon
wester's that i heard you talking about tampa food yet that it's when flea was on
who is from tampa did you know that he's from tampa yes
oh
it's great for such a redneck market but nobody in the working class there can
afford it only the overpaid athletes the Steinbrenners and the mobsters who
eat on the comp
except for the scraps to get after they finish busing the tables the common
people don't even get a taste
what was the name of that jewish jelly restaurant with the yellow sun i think
were you in bloboheld court i don't know it's your didn't last very long
shortzes or something like that i don't know
i visited it once it was great but i don't think it lasted that's correct
central florida lost all their jewish jellies except for that phony two jays
there's nothing phony about two jays it's a good place at least the one
implantations good
wolfies went away from saint pete long ago or land of lost ronies which is
probably the best outside my amy
i the mime beach jelly still around no they're gone
they're gone
is proper next on the beach gone
they had long gone by the way wolfies long gone rascal house gone pump
and it's long gone
they had an original in fair along new jersey home to many armacres it says
pumper nicks
meanwhile here in polk county we have sonny's barbeque in operandale
i'd give my first
born for one of those salty little
ride crescent rolls
western lakeland get me back to west poms somebody give me the key
i guess he's not too happy over there in lakeland i can easily understand that
what i yahu place that is man you talk about trailer trash whoo
that's like that that's what it's all about i've heard this
you've heard this before mm-hmm true story
he insists thank you for the many years of humor in being one of the few voices
of reason south florida for the past 12 years since i turned seventeen i've
thankfully lived in over half a dozen cities outside of florida
until i discovered i could listen to you online your show was the only
non-familiar thing that i missed truly about my amy
self-wrestling here's hope that your show continues until you croak my best
in p.s. i don't care what you say i still love jazz so
he is a suit but nevertheless a good guy yes we'll take it he still loves
jay we'll take anybody don't let me forget to mention that monday when we have
that big conference call with jolly jobell and a few other pseudo
intellectual idiots who think they know something about this business
we'll take anybody mm-hmm you can't come out about the promotion support we've
had because there has been none zero in the last in the jobell era none
and you think with all the jockstrap sniffing they do they at least
passes one you know it gives a little support cute big
well i'm telling you to be a big improvement over what we've had i got a
couple i could bring it then oh we'll pass on that i don't care who wore it
there's nothing romantic or sexy about a jockstrap oh sorry just me
this is mark morgan is the 12 to one hour on q a m
water rushed in and would try to do my knees
but i was in this guy of all now i'm in a submarine
water's cold freezing my toes
a bag of blue diamond knots is floating by my nose
hugged me the hugs and i could see a rod of fortune for this
theme in a bucket of concrete
love before me i could break the stove on one one
thanks to a couple still 50s that made the water rush in
comfort clock at 5 60 w q a m we got the big oat the stupid bowl we got mad dog at
the stupid bowl dolphin tonight it doesn't say with the book campers it's
stupid bowl now we should rip him an ass to the other day
flee and i did yeah and deservedly so by the way about what
just in general being a c arster indian would him to just you know like that
you have to ask i didn't know maybe you were ripping him for walking by the
table at the we did okay track and didn't didn't even like acknowledge you
he turned his head long enough to see uh you know who was over there
but didn't the wave or flip you off or do anything not that i recall
maybe he waved i don't know maybe he said we were no no according to the uh
flee he said not
not okay then not Kevin says greetings Neil and George i love that rush bit you
just played particular the end of it the Mickey bits in the
abonix airway one at George plane what what's the vines airways they keep
talking about that there is no way vines airway but is there yes it's four
minutes long i tried to play for you once you didn't like it so
on and on that George plays from time to time are great and great time killers
yes time killers you think we're here just to kill some time
there's a new joder it tortured and then kill it there's a story about iraqi
orphans building a shoe throwing monument iran rack today in the news
yeah that's not uh they showed it last night as a huge shoe
yeah love you Neil and George cheers Kevin thank you Kevin thank you so much
mama be says there are a number of delis open a Miami Beach
but this guy was asking about the old ones you know about wolfies and
all of that in tampon addition to two jays a new one called
deaths just open and the menu looks awesome and it's got a link to the menu
which i have no interest in looking at because the number one don't do links
and number two i'm not going to tamp anytime the next hundred years anyway
here's one from rob who says hello Neil how are you i'd like to say that during
the past few weeks i really become addicted to your show i downloaded from
the archives and listen to each episode a couple of times at work
but that's not why i'm writing in good i've recently become addicted to
the sound effect you do it goes blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
like that how do you like that yeah that's right
i keep doing it at work in his home really i recently i've been doing it
during morning jogging to keep tempo blah blah blah blah blah people
look at me strangely as I pop pop pop pop pop pop my way to the park I've even used it during
love making I find that pop pop pop pop pop pop I technique can be quite useful I see
anyway Neil I want to ask you something wrong with me yes is it just that I'm a big fan or just
a big dummy both good luck to you Rob it sounds like you'll need it get some help
for it's a good thing we got that Gulfstream stuff coming up in the one o'clock hour
let's take a look on the um racing network show we make sure that everything is coming
and fine is wine number five eight triple eight is there's that the 10th of eight down
sky that you love so much it's mr. spaz is he the guy I like I don't like the wood bun guy I'm always
talking about how spastic he is oh I like the wood bun guy oh what Dan Lloyd's L yes they were
on yeah they were on that cracks me up does it really he does it because every race the same exact
change star and it cracks me up every time does it really it does I don't know why it's one of those
things no why do you want to be getting no thirbards at the wood mine till I guess late May I don't know
till sometimes well no they don't with thirbards don't run in the middle of the winter time harness
racing goes on though standard bridge because they're much sturdier and much more you know
much more alive as opposed to the thirbards that are very very delicate like China dolls if you look
at them cross they fall down and die you know that's just a breed it's the breeding but then again
you know all about breeding oh yeah Jeff and Boi and Beaches I've enjoyed you and flea the last two
days once you get past the chic like cackel flea proves to be an interesting and fun personality
yes then he hosts some weekend shifts this past summer I don't think so did he he did no he did
he hosted some I'm not sure exactly when they were if so I thought it was very entertaining
go to work George will you please go to work since you have been waiting beach
well what does that mean I don't know I mean I know what it means but what does it mean I don't
know it's not from anything go to lunch is that what he meant to say yeah now yeah that's what he's
trying to say go to lunch George but he made it go to where uh lunch George yeah go to lunch I got
lunch right here will you go to lunch no you don't do you yeah I like noodles I got some leftover
boards had food I got a shrimp salad sandwich and then for some reason Pete Lenny brought me some KFC
I guess he was over there PD Lenny brought you food yeah and doesn't he know you're not allowed to
do that I mentioned on the year I'll do their sponsor I guess he paid for it he paid for it yes
and brought you food yes that PD Lenny what have I always said about him and it's still true
really annoying but thanks PD for taking care of George Mahad Mahad Mahad Gandhi says hey
screw all these idiots accusing you of mailing it in mailing it in as a skill that takes years to
hone it takes a true professional to make nothing look like something so what if you read the paper
on the or kill time reading the ramblings of South Florida audiences emails who cares if you can kill
four hours of radio talking about ice cream or George's latest sick day then that's what I call
skill screw the complainers and just for the hell of it screw you Joe Bell says Mahad Mahad Mahad Mah
love your rice not I'm not a big rice guy number one it's carbs and number two I'm going to eat
carbs I'll eat pasta or something that's got some taste to it that I really like now rice can be
good if it's got like you know gravy and stuff mm-hmm oh Jamie any chance you can put out a compilation
of CDs with all the ice nabits no there is not we're not putting out anymore CDs
those days are over over they are I know over and finished and of course this station did that we
we did that for what about a hundred years even started that on i and z with cassettes mm-hmm
and then on zeta and then when we went to iod we opted to a CDs
so for years and years we put out best of and then we came to qa m and it was like a big joke
oh well gee that sounds like a lot of work and well ho ho we know wana
and of course we got a tremendous amount of support on that too and that's even before the
jolly joebelly where I forgot about that just just a whole ambiance the whole relationship
of the audience went into the crapper once we came here and that's because we're like a fish out
of water this is not this is sports what is it what they say on those liners the sports leader
the sports leader and of course how is that possible but there's like 700 sports stations
boy I bet you they're peeing in their pants now worrying about that when i and z I mean the
crap that they're putting on you all that syndicated garbage is crap but it'll take something like
i keep telling you about taking a little slice of the pie bobby says the url of sandwich was a
degenerate gambler and wouldn't leave the gambling tables even to eat he had the servants bring him
meat between two slices of bread so we could eat while still gambling hence the sandwich was born
the url of sandwich i wonder if he was kind of url of pearl do you think maybe i'll ask for the
or the douche or that we were singing before also my wife has a little dog teacup
oh teacup yokey what is that named Edwina we call her eddie he freaks out when you play that
this is eddie babu babu we do this to her and it's very comical i'm your friend bobby well thanks bobby
won't say a teacup what is that the dog that fits in a teacup okay that sounds gross
i mean that's not for like real people that's for like you know a little lady chicks
yeah a chick chachki a little dog in a teacup oh isn't that cute and that cute they like flush
it down a toilet by accident not even know it john says on wednesday and thursday you had someone
fill in for george who is this guy his voice resembles that of guilty please don't tell me
guilty junior i'm gonna fill in now every time george is out his voice gave me convulsions almost
made me drive off the road you're great nil but please tell gildi not to bring his kids to the station
all lios he's very upset to read that oh when they know he doesn't care no lios lios the one who
sends the keeps sending the emails about gildi and how i'm picking on it oh great that lios
i'm gonna talk about lios lios the way sold out yoddy on that lios you better get with it mister you
know it's a couple days you miss a really good crap that you got to catch me up you miss
some heavy heavy duty crap man why don't we just replay those last two shows so i'll be caught up
rosemary said oh that i'm down with that let's do it rosemary says really enjoyed
flea great job the interaction between you is awesome george seems a little bored sometime
how do you like that rosemary taking a shot at george oh gee seems a little bored sometime oh gee
are you bored oh off my gourd
well man you know there's a lot we could put anybody else in and right away that's an excuse for
the people who hate you like boys always has you said that you're shot when i always told you that
i think it bring in a monkey when um oh that's the best sounding monkey take the day off every time
you go on vacation every oh that was the bus yeah yeah like when i was down taking a dump at the
and listening to the bird and then while he's down there people are calling and ripping me an
ass oh there's such a breath of fresh air Glenn and Neil is such a piece of crap and he said
sort of grease with him what and he sat there and agreed with him right here is one that says
Neil would you be making one last pilgrimage to the qm studios before they move well let me think
about it for a second the answer is no why would i want to do that what it was one have to do with
the other what do you mean just because the station is moving of a few blocks down the road
why does that you know what does that have to do with an appearance i don't know it's just
it's something uh they're wondering because they have no life well i'd be making who sent it so
somebody with a phone number not a they don't even have a name much less a life no name no nothing
352 votes on our poll our goal is 500 if we can do 500 day now we're not gonna our goal is 400
14 minutes till the first attempt of baydowns
and the horses like i said these stirbreds they're in the walking ring and they're walking
very gingerly and very carefully gingerly ginger there's ginger
i mean you don't know the difference in between stirbreds and standard breads yes
standard breads are extremely durable they warm up three miles before they race
less knees and stirbreds come out and they like canter like you know maybe a 16th of a mile before
the actual race before they finally waddle to the starting gate yeah and then they uh get
them to the starting gate and even the ones that have raced a hundred times like oh i don't i
don't i don't i could go in a gate but i don't want it you know like delicate delicate is a very very
good word
back in the day when someone done us wrong we didn't take their cry
emperor harbor when the jabs dropped their bombs we bombed them back and now the soddies
they hit us hard and on our cards our little flags wave has that saudi loving retard
voice of bombers the wrong way
and i'm embarrassed to be in americans where they follow books like sheath the united states of
americans and by bush and his family three they got this country
happily towards the darkest days and our history i don't want to be a packs of americans
in the us
a
what's a few thousand innocent lives
god living in the past if you want that as you be to try you're gonna need more gas
it's the greatest country in the world they train us to believe and anyone who says that
obviously
and to for to be
a slute and a embarrassed to be in america where we take triadically wave a flag in one hand
with our head in the sand and lightly follow the powers that be apathetic
and i'm not out of breath i'm not washing state from you's on a 65 inch screen
scratcher be fired everything's okay in the us
probably tnqa m
thorderman got a side of assault with his calzone when he was pissed the whip by a pizzeria owner
after complaining about his order the day tone of beach news journal reports
hmm richard finney in his room eight were having a cookout of their palm beach coast home
palm coast home friday night last week but the room eight eleven year old daughter didn't like what
was on the menu the news journal reported so the pair ordered her a calzone from gumbas pizzeria
with no sauce and no feta cheese but when they discovered the calzone had both they went back to
the pizzeria to complain and that's when it got you glee
according to a police report security footage from the pizzeria shows Joseph Milano
the owner of the restaurant striking finney with a gun he then jumped over the counter and started
with assault finney and the roommate Milano 40 was charged with aggravated assault and battery
with a deadly weapon and released on bail finney was taken to a local hospital acted incident with
a bloodied head i don't even want to go out to a fast food place now because i don't know what
to expect finney told the the tone of beach news urinal he got pissed the whip because of the
calzone had sauce and the whatever else it had wouldn't have i don't know what i really had
maybe it had ricotta cheese in it oh jeez you don't like ricotta cheese not at all
now what what's the dessert that's made with ricotta cheese and the canole canole
that canole is made with ricotta cheese it is you know like canole's
i could take them or leave them oh my god sometimes they can be very good in spite of the ricotta
cheese and sometimes it's not the ricotta cheese it's the textures but if i do you don't like mushy
it's like the outery mushy did i never had i never had a canole that was mushy
well never you've been lucky you used to get the chocolate cover canole is from Doris market back
on the day those are good choisee says a lady listener i never called you in the 20 years since
i found you have laughed off and agreed with things you say my eyes have been opened wide
regarding issues like religion and politics before you retire or canole longer be found on the
radio due to the terrible bleed over very Latin radio station i want to thank you for the best
damn radio this rate ladies ever listen to love you and you'll thank you oh thank you joe see how
do you like that it was very sweet sweet nice ummm feel almost human at this point oh and by the way
some of you idiots out there with these emails if i don't read it the first time and certainly the
second you can you can say the effort of sending in the third and the fourth and the fifth time
and like that it's like the factors or the or the colors you know they'll get through one way or
another no i mean they think they do because then i delete none of the consistent factors if you
didn't read their facts they just keep faxing and faxing say you're my bitch you know who was
funny and amusing for a while there well the host of the emails and then today sent some stupid
and uh... sent it about five times and i finally just blocked them and deleted it
just because you send something doesn't mean i'm going to read it on the air
just because i make the mistake of playing along with your lunacy of your crap your kaka
kaka jay and kupras city says good afternoon nila i was listening to your show the other day when
you and george were talking about getting stuck between floors and an elevator for the safety of
george and you to kneel never try to crawl out under the floor of the elevator was to start moving
you'll be sliced in two pieces correct have a great weekend keep giving them hell so jay and kupras city
okay i won't don't try to crawl out of the elevator starts moving
we have two georgians again don't do it i won't anymore i didn't really crawl out i kind of jumped out
boy and you had no crappitation about doing it
uh... no that's the kind of guy i am
i know real macho man i didn't find it unless you can get killed
horses coming out for the first race in aqueduct any interest no seven minutes to post on
any interest in aqueduct no no not here either
let's see that they have the uh... gall stream thing up there yet for the first race
yet fifty three minutes to the first race and of course our uh... pick a pony deal is the second race
we're so far i'm picking the six i don't know he looks i mean he hasn't run in a couple of months but
boy he looks like the class of that field and who's riding for ze lascano top rider
what do you think stick with my pick that's what i'm going to do is that if i change
yeah jeffrey the contestant was like oh jeez need you had the winter and then you went off
you let some goop all talk you know like a ninety to one shot right let it be your you know mistake
or that's right my mistake that's how i feel i want to go to the track let me pick mine and don't
talk me off that's right don't out unless you know something for sure don't out and believe you me the
crowd of people i've gone to the track with over the years they know nothing they have no information
you know i mean yep and boy there's nothing worse than once the way when you pick the winner of
the race and then you bet against it somebody talks you want to some of the piece of crap and then
the horse you picked wins and the piece of crap they got you to bet on is still running
no look contendery you know what i mean right they said they run at six four longs
number six mr mezzo the rider is david cologne and the weight is 123 david cologne jewis jockey maybe
five to one let's go with the six horse in the first race at aqueduct what do you think sounds great
what we ought to do is bet on these races oh don't get me started now oh yeah it's all i need
it's your guy to beat the hell out of bettons slots at woodbind boy i got butchered yesterday
they just shut those babies down man now someday i keep i keep mentioning this
someday somebody's going to tell us the truth and then of course i'll have to go into like a
witness protection program but they they run computer programs on those babies and there's times
when they run them they put them like a slow cook right when they give you like a cherry once in a
while or like a ten on bucks on the line or something and they're just not going to pay any significant
amount for like hours as long as they run the program oh the first race of Tampa Bay downs is coming
up i don't think we have time before the break and looks murky and muddy over there
is it murky and muddy in Tampa i don't know it's murky i know that for sure
even flea admitted that he said the one word that comes now but i'm not getting murky i thought
he said jerky welcome to the many outlets throughout the United States and all across
once worked with the guy when i was in uh wjnaw west pomegranate i once had a friend his name was
herky do you ever know anybody name herky no never he was a little herky jerky
and he sold me a car man a beat up old jolapi oh because my car broke down yeah and he sold me a
beat up old i mean i don't even know what kind of was how did it working not good and he used to
when you'd stop at a stoplight it would like vibrate yeah you know the hood would vibrate and make
love sounds and people would look at you like and i'm thinking what am i going to do it i was like
i just farted real bad yeah and from the outside outside this guy is just a favorite of the
beginning and they're off you'll have the services i'm leading jockey daniel centeno whoa they're
at the post and they're off and they're off i go and well reaching up for their to leave their
girls pants they ready i thought it this guy it sounds like somebody's goosing him or something
but we don't have time to hear the whole thing plus who now cares about racing from tampa i don't
try the you bastard
i took a call to eat bonnicks they say the beauty beat right for me now again gets no job
because i don't got no literacy i was talking like an old knee grown he finally thought they
how this way now i can't do nothing but my heritage say is that okay change my name to shoot
roll drive a doos and a quarter any candlelight i remember when i was feeling all the white men's
hanging outside the building their bar ground the blues about poverty white devil's got snowed
y'all for me and i thought if i mix and get my life of change now i got to go and sell moe racco king
racco king racco king racco king racco king racco king racco king racco king racco king
know what i'm born in the song
yeah
he bonnicks makes me sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now i got to make more money
labor food sounds good to me i got plenty of nothing he bonnicks ain't getting me anywhere
maybe i'll muckin old white bitch steal the purse and pull her hair then i gonna take some money
my isario and the frigid dad
i remember when i was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bar
grind the blues about poverty white devil's got snowed y'all for me and
thought if i mix would give my life of change now
haha
got's to go with sell moe racco king racco king racco king racco king racco king
Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King.
Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King, Rockle King.
1234, 26 to 11 and 2A.
And we have no more emails, baby.
Ooh.
And what was that spot?
What was going on with that?
You were playing a bit over the spot.
No, I was not.
You were playing a bit over the spot.
So I ran into the other room, shut your pot off.
and that's when it quit and then you stop playing the bit and I turned your pot back on.
I was playing a bit. You were playing a bit. From where? And I kept yelling at you.
Neil, I heard you, but I was looking at the ECS. Wasn't running and the DEX weren't running.
So I ran in the other room there because I can't shut you off from in here. And then I shut you off from there.
The more that was that coming from, wasn't the TV. The TV pot is not open. It was a bit that we
had that I heard you didn't. The Piromaniac Hotline. It was for what? A bit. The Piromaniac Hotline,
a comedy bit. The Piromaniac Hotline? Yes. That's that. Yep. Oh. Well, it's here as I don't know
something strange, something we need bizarre going on there. That's happened before. You know,
no big deal. Oh, okay. Yeah, they probably thought it was just a Spanish language spot from Cuba.
There you go. Three hundred and eighty six votes on the poll. Like I said, our goal is four hundred.
Then we're going home. One fifteen the first post time at Gulf Stream and then one forty five,
one forty four, somewhere about that for the second race. I think we're going to take calls now because
the emails are done for the week. Although Andrew's got one here. What does it say? I listened to
your show on the internet, but I never call her email. But I had to today because the choice on the
poll is superior. I wanted to vote twice once for WQM management. Let's cut Hank Goldberg's
pay-and-half what happened to our advertisers and once for Rumsfield, the horror stories are
endless. What a, yeah, idiot. Anyway, keep out the good work. Working for those useless fruits.
I hope you guys get laid this weekend. Well, we hope you get laid this weekend, George,
because I won't. Okay. I'll make it a point to take some calls. Although, you know,
something I don't see any dots. By the way, I was corrected. So now we have a controversy
about what what the kind of cheese that's in a canole. Yeah, which could explain why like canolean
spite of the fact that I hate ricotta. Reconnaissance like in stuffed shells, you'll find ricotta cheese.
Right. I don't like ricotta cheese. Mascarpone or something. Mascarpone cheese is in canole.
That's correct. That's why sweet sweet cheese. That's why I don't hate canole. There's no dots on
my phone. No. Well, guess what I see? What? Nothing. What do you mean by that?
Any phone equipment in the room here with me, you know? Oh, that's right. So if I want to take calls,
now I can't do it because you can't punch them up there. No. What? Correct. I don't. I can't.
Why did you just get chopped off? Do you chop yourself off? I didn't. We're having some real
technical issues now, boys and girls. Maybe it's an internet's problem and that's why you don't see dots.
Oh, no. Well, everything else with the internet is working just fine.
Well, I guess I'm going to reach over and shut that baby off.
Oh, geez. And I was kind of hoping you'd take some calls.
I would if I could, but I can't. So I shan't. I mean, I shman.
Well, let me try it again. Let me punch it up. I think there's any dots on there now?
No. You tell me? I'm telling you no. In fact, let me punch one up. No. Oh,
I associate producers not connected. Let me try that. Oh, okay.
Uh-oh. That's filler music. What? What? What? I did it. Dots.
Ah. Oh, am I a genius or what? Huh? Not that it's going to be good. Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh, and out doesn't work. The dots, the lines are flashing, but it doesn't work.
You know what I mean? Yeah, I know. Well, what is that all about? Can't help you.
And you can't punch them up there. You're on your own. What? You're on your own, buddy.
So you're telling me that there's no way to punch up phones in there? There never has been
without switching the, I mean, I can punch up a call like a line, but I don't see what I'm doing.
You know what I mean? Oh, punch up line one. Okay. There we go. Okay, kill it. I can't see what I'm
doing. I just hit the next button. I don't need, you know, I don't know what's going on there.
Well, this ain't, uh, this is a fine kettle of fish. I can see them ringing and I can see the dots
on the lines that aren't ringing yet. Punch her. Just keep punching them. Okay. Hello.
Well, that's what you think is me. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hey, I just switched my computer so I can see things now. Hello.
Hello. Goodbye. Punch up another one. Yes. Hello. Hello. Oh, they can't hear me.
Yeah. Wonderful. Goodbye. Okay. So that was a good experiment. I thought it was going to be.
Great. Wonderful. Really spectacular. All right. Well, let's do the break.
And then we'll find the biggest name. The best talent. You know, Roger. It's Friday. You best. Good.
Yep. It do. Well, let's see if this really works. I know it's going to be QAM. Hello.
What was that? I don't know. What was what? The arrow came on and I put it up. Now, if you got the pot open on the phone, of course I did.
Oh, there you go. Listen to that sound. Yeah. What did you do? I clicked it on the social producer again and made another connection.
Are we done? Do you see any lines ringing? Because I don't know. There are no lines ringing. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line.
You see one. You see two right QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, are you ready? Okay. Can you hear me? Yeah. Here you come. You shot. That's right.
Oh, it's quarter-slided. QAM. Hello. Yeah. QAM. Hello. I'm your friend. How many QAM? Hello.
I can't hear you guys, but obviously it stopped ringing. So I'm going to come on there. Yeah. Good. Yes.
Oh, right. Oh, nice one. Yeah. Wow. These people are got as much material as the emailers who are left.
There's still a couple of people with people email attempts, you know, trying to like carry us over to when we get these races going to Gulfstream, which they can't start to move. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Yeah. Up yours. QAM. Hello. George is gay. Why why does the technical quality of these? I mean, forget about the content. That's always the same. But why is it sound so bad? I don't know. Extra fun. Are you serious? I mean, I don't understand what happens.
I guess, I guess if you're there doing the show, then whoever's in the other room like Flea, whoever. There's a bunch of the phones in there. There's a reconfiguration thing that has to happen. What do you mean by that?
Well, this computer can be in one of two modes, either playing the audio vault like a producer or answering the phones like a host. I see. But not both at the same time. I have to switch. There's a thing I have to switch between the two functions. QAM. Hello.
Neil sunny Fox here. How you doing? Sunny Fox. Right. Hello. Hedge and tails in the second. Hedge and tails in the second. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I have a question for you. When you were a myod Hank, mad dog with woman, you can't. Okay, I can't put this on here because it sounds like the end of the world. This this whole thing technically, you know, you watch Monday, that two o'clock, that thing is never going to happen.
Because the one thing that these people have to answer for is this technical disaster, which is WQ, I am technical disaster.
Keep trying. Yeah, keep trying. Keep trying. What calls? See if anything changes. QAM. Hello. Well, that's one of the better ones. Yeah. My favorite QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes.
Please for George, give me a break, people. I anyways, I'm on my way to shorties. I'm on the metro rail. Did you want anything? QAM. Hello. QAM. Hola. Hello. Place more recently. QAM. Hello. Am I getting paid today? Are you using me as a guinea pig? We're using you as a gerbil. Yeah. Oh, I love terrible tribute.
It's just a pig part. WQ. Am hello. Yeah. People ask them, they go, Hey, who do you want for the sewer boy? You know, I'm like, I just want to see them both.
Meet the hell out of each other at the end. Limb off bloody at it was a tie. Okay. Great. Well, I hope you enjoyed hope you have a good time on a schmuck.
Well, I just see them beat themselves bloody. Yeah. Tie this. Go tie one on QAM. Hello. Your own. Do you want to work QAM? Hello.
I haven't worked here. I hate this place. Yeah, you can say that again. By the way, jolly jolly, hell of a job, man. When they reconfigured this thing and put it together again so they could give it a fat Chris. Yeah, they could conserve on the money.
They sure had this help put together really functional studio. Didn't they? Yeah, maybe the new studios in the new place will be a little bit more. What do you thought of? So they discussed that with you? No, no one has discussed anything with me, but apparently it's a done deal.
We are going to that. It's going to happen. No, no, I know that, but I'm saying, as anybody discussed, the configuration is, are we going to have our own studio like we do now? Or is everybody going to be doing the same studio? What's the deal? We will have our own studio. I heard I heard it. Rubber. Yeah. Wow. Q I am. Hello. Do you have a better now? Yeah.
Question. When you were in IOD Hank and Mad Dog, were they working there with you? Yes. Were they doing sports shows or just with a general? Hank had like a nighttime show that was like not sports politics, just a bunch of different stuff.
And Mad Dog was doing his normal thing in sports. Mad Dog was one of the people on the they had one hour of sports talk six to seven. And he was one of the hosts.
Okay. No, because I mean, I'm two to four like George said, wherever you put there, no matter if you can make the ratings or not, they're not going to put anybody.
Unless you wear the jock strap or you're going to like, like, like, like anybody else. There's a great deal. But I hate Neil last week. Neil, or email or emails you saying that you have one of the best shows all last week.
I can tell you it was one of the funniest ones where when you were reading the menu from from the Cuban restaurant with a rectangle or whatever.
Yeah. Okay. With the color rectal. Yeah. Yeah. Come to Q a.m. Hello. Just play anything. These colors are awful. Q a.m. Hello. Coming soon. The return of a fan. Oh, God. Coming soon.
I don't know whether I can make it through the day. You know what? Coming soon. The return of a fan. Coming soon. The blocking of a fan. Coming soon. The ignoring and deleting of a fan.
See, this is the thing about all these people, whether chronic complaints. They never go away. If you wanted them, if you prayed for them to go away, they would never go away.
It's better. All the complaints and how bad I am and how bad you are and how horrible the show is now evil. Everything in life is yada yada yada. You like that? You know what I'm saying? Oh, I know. They will never ever go away.
So what did you do?
Another man. A juice went home now for a night. She was.
And back he went. She was tipping her friend the waiter and giving more than 15%
Where juice couldn't take it. Start a slice and end I condo you know what's at the airport before they fell. He made a touchdown in Oshikago.
It's acting at the. I love our hotel. But the L. A. G. A. Well, he flagged all day.
A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real. A real
A real. A real. A real.
Hold on tight. I'll put that into the range. I'll put that into the range. I'll put that into the range. One time is 50-12.
Nice.
Nice.
That season.
When we do thatqual, we say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
check by a neck, strike the bell on the outside and driven by passion is gaining
crown on the far outside. Here comes driven by passion to drive by them all. It's
driven by passion in front. Spell check now. Second.
Smell check. Oh, I think Joyce has been around. Smell check. Here's one from
San Ruud says I'm a fan of you when you're show it is so irritating. The crank calls.
What is that? I mean, who does that? She says. Tards. Seriously, it angers me. Who
the hell does that with their time? Nerds. Tell them to get a job. No, nobody would hire
people like that. Okay. Don't you understand Sandra? These are retards. These are crazy
people. No wonder so many single women in the world check out the morons out there and
how they make use of their time. Ugg shout out to you for keeping it real and saying
as it is. Well, hollaback. Tom Jikka has got an argument starter here. The top 50 sports
casters of all time. And then somebody also sent me, I guess the same mama be semi-alist
of allegedly the worst 50 announcers of all time sports announcers. The top 50 network
announcers of all time. Jikka says remember David Halberstam. By the way, I'm shutting
off the phone thing. That was a bad thing. Well, he's technically I got to work in anyway.
Right. Although there is something there is a glitch in there somewhere, but nevertheless,
they can't be bothered with stuff like that. I mean, this is this no longer even is making
a pretense this place. Gee. Yeah. I just put a word there. Why? Where they make a
pretense. Well, I don't know. Maybe when Greg was around, what's upon a time in America?
But now not even that. Anyway, Jikka says remember Dave Halberstam, the old he announced
through not just the history of political author, but the real Dave Halberstam who used
to send us food on paysocks or poor. Did he send us home in touch? And poor. I don't
recall. Yeah. Halberstam was suffered one of the most unjust crucifications and broadcasting
history when Rick Sanchez typically sensation lives an author cuff comment to make Halberstam
look like a racist, the exact opposite of what he is has gone on to become a major executive
in sports radio. He's also a prolific and entertaining writer. His latest effort is
a compilation of his opinion of the 50 greatest sports casters ever. It should be a controversial
conversation starter, which is what such lists are intended to be good. Kill some real
good time. A case could be made for Howard Coastsell is number one. No one was ever more
controversial and did try to elevate the profession from the banal by raising important
social issues that nobody else in this field would touch. But then scully at number 16
behind Frank, you've heard at number 15, he's got to be kidding. Scully is the greatest
play by playing out. So he's ever lived since Tommy. He should be the worst. The number
two, Givert held his job on my knee, night football because the NFL wanted a dependable
apologies for the league on its most important telecast. He doesn't even belong on the list.
That's correct. He was a dumb jock, a dullard. Bob Costa is the platinum standard for versatility
is only number eight. Good. Six positions behind John Madden who only does football. Halberstam's
list is a bit New York centric also a long time voice in the Yankees, Mel Allen makes
the cut at number 24, but there's no mention of Pittsburgh legend Bob Prince or the
great Harry, Harry Kerry, who'd be on the top 10 on many lists. No Harry, Carrie, no
Bob Prince. What kind of a list is this? Hal, Halby. Wow. Boy, this goes on and on and on.
It says history will be made on Sunday when John Madden, L. Michael's call Super Bowl,
whatever it is, 43 for the NFL for NBC. As Madden will be completing a career cycle of
the sorts by working a Super Bowl for his fourth of the four major networks, CBS, Fox,
ABC and now NBC. Madden's been slowing down some of late taking a game off in 2008 with
plans to do it again in 2009. NBC sports chairman Dick Ebersol named Chris Collins worth
to be maddened successor and waiting. Oh, but so far, Madden's be free to talk of retirement.
Now you're going to chime in on this. Sure. Here you go. There's my time. It's hard to imagine.
You know, somebody also sent me this stuff, which I was already a checked out the Gulf
Stream, the website, Hany Crapper. He picks the eight to four, the five and the seven in the
second race in that order. And I picked a six. He doesn't even pick the six. He doesn't have a
comment about the six. He doesn't say nothing about the six, who is what's the name of the six?
Voorhees Ballad. I'm not changing. I'm sticking with my pick. I'm sticking it.
It says it's hard to imagine pro football without madden as popularly and the NFL has been
intertwined for 30 years in any reference to the sports rise to dominance over that time.
Has to credit the man who has sold the lead with joy, the generations of fans.
Well, anyway, here's the list of the 50 greatest sports cases of all time.
Court of Dave Halberstam. Number one, Howard Cosell. And what would Howard be thinking today,
if he saw what the Jack Arcrousy is really that come full cycle and taking over everything,
doing live spots in interviews for the Super Bowl. Live spots. Oh my God. Number two, John
Madden. Number three Brent Mausberger, who's a big fan of the show by the way, but Brent,
give me a break. Al Michaels, number four, Dick N. Bird, five, Kurt Gaudi, six. And this isn't
the most versatile, no, it's just isn't, you know, Tom's talking about who's most versatile.
Well, that's not what this is all about. It says the 50 greatest network sports announcers.
Invert five, six Kurt Gaudi, seven, Keith Jackson, eight Bob Costas, nine Jim McKay,
ten Pat Summeral, eleven Jim Nance,
Prob Dick by Tell, 13 Joe Buck. Joe Buck is number 13 and Jack Buck isn't even on the list,
I bet he's not. Oh my God. And here he carries not on. This is the worst list. I mean,
we love Dave Halberstam. He's a good guy. Right? The best. I don't want to
screw up your free food on poor him, you know, right? Thank you. But my God, Pat Summeral,
number ten Jim Nance, number eleven Dick by Tell, number 12 Joe Buck, 13 Mark Givert, 15,
Finn Scully, 16. Oh, Mike Tureko, 17. He doesn't belong in the top 50,000.
Chris Burman, 18 Billy Packer, 19, who's number one in the worst, by the way, the worst list,
Billy Packers picked the worst, 20 Dan Patrick, 21 Greg Gumball, oh, Mumble Mouth,
22 Tim Macarver, 23 John Miller, 24 Mal Allen, 25 Joe Dodgeola,
26 Brian Gumball, another Mumble Mouth brother, 27 Don Meredith, 28 Joe Morgan, 29 Phyllis George,
oh my God. Who? 30 Ray Scott, another Drake Ray, Terry Bradshaw, 31, Jack Whitaker, 32,
Al McGuire, 33 Dick Stockton, 34 Tony Kubak, 35. Oh my God. This list is criminal.
Chris Shankill, 36 Mike Emmer, 37 Mike Emmer, who's the first hockey guy on here and he's just a
torp. Torp, 38 James Brown, 39 Hubey Brown, 40 Lindsay Nelson, 41 Jim Simpson, 42 Vern Lundsquist,
who gets the fat vote, Jim Lampley, 43 Ernie Johnson, 44 Don Crickey, 45 Tom Hannon, 46
Bud Collins, 47 Ken Venturi, 48 Jim Gray, 49 Harry Wismer, number 50 on a horrendous list, horrendous
embarrassing. And then it goes down the list and it's got a blur. This could take us to
midnight if I read all the stuff on here. Ooh, we then read it twice. No, seriously. I mean,
we'll kill some phenomenal time. But we're not, I mean, we are desperate to go time now.
That phone, that was a bad experiment. You see, this is why I don't take calls because that's
what the phone is all about. I mean, even if technically if it was perfect, or here the
horse is coming off for the first to go today, but we did a little piece during the seminar.
Bob, or one of the Florida Derby winners who went on the winning cup. His little brother running
tomorrow. When you first, you have to, Brown, what a story. Started here at Galski Park, you know,
so lots of good things happening. We'll see what's going on. That's right. All the attention
focused on the three-year-olds. Don't forget the Don handy cap comes up tomorrow as well. One
heck of a great race. It's going to be a fun betting race as well. We'll get you up to date on all
the goings on as we head towards those events. But some fun we drink to go on as we start off in race
number one today. Are we got anybody out there is like Steve slowing out there or is anything going on?
I don't know. Steve listens very religiously. So I'm sure I'll get a text or something like that.
Well, I mean, I'm just wondering. I don't even know if there's any scratches in the second race. I
have no scratches. I have no scratches. 10,000 dollar two lifetime claimers at the distance. You
know that last race, Rolly was given a boost when the horse and that race, the five horses wanted
to make it to miracle came back and won a two-life timer in almost the same impressive fashion. So
going to key off that race while Lisa won. It's a miracle who I picked in second comes back. When
you don't think this guy's from New York, do you? I could be. Oh,
Oh, Gulf Stream changes have been the crawl. I didn't see any change in the second race. I didn't
look fast enough. What a shame. Now you can look on there and see what you see. Oh, look at that.
Nothing. Oh, here you go. Fake manny from Kendall. Sam Rosen is the best ever sportscaster on
earth hands down. Not even in the top 100. This is probably from the Ranger guy. By the way,
the Ranger is really stinkin' the joy now lately and at least one of game last night. How do you
like that? Against good old Andrew Raycroft. Razor. Razor Raa Raycroft. He stinks. 7 to 4.
424 votes on the pool. Who's the most incompetent? I'll just read the double digit ones. FEMA
during Hurricane Katrina 93. Condoleezza during 9, 11, 52. WQM management 49. They're in the running.
Donald Rumsfeld 47. The SEC 2007 and 824. Joyce 22. Frado 15. Q8 GM management. GM management
15. Alan Greenspan 13. AIG executives 13. Scan Cameron 13. Washington Press Corps 12. Rockenroll
The
Nevada Guard has got 10.
The biggest name. The best town. He got his email rejects. Sporting your 560 QAAs.
It's Friday, you were still. Hey, Faro. By the way, sir. I've been given it some
stuff. See? Oh, what do you think of this? I know that me and you can do much better. Go
in 6 to 10 and not in 5. A Gentile in the cranky jewel. I think we might be happy to get
there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bag.
Strap down to tight. No chance I'll do it show it to you. I'd rather die. We'd be
crappy together. Why I'll help you know that I'm a big monkey jewel from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raped and I have very body but you're not my target. Me and Moe, that would blow.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive. Who'd wanna hear a Gentile and push it
back? That's crappy together.
So what you and me for me is much better 6 to 10 and not 5. It's only right that I should
get more sleep tonight. I think we might be happy to get there.
Bob or whatever's name was he told me 3 to be the double of Gulf Stream today. I don't think
so Bob the 2 just won the first race by 5 lengths. How do you like that? All right. So he's
gacking me 3 to all these people or experts speaking of the race. Jeff says you know Jeff
Jeff he was our contestant. Yes. I'm the one that you're picking for today. I'll trust whoever
you pick. Don't let the dumbass let's do sway you. I don't know nothing about horse racing.
I do like the name of your horse pick though. What's the name of the horse?
Water. He's valid. There it is. I'm a big fan of horror movies. Voorhees was the killer in
Friday the 13th. In other words I trust in Neil God and hey whatever happens happens.
Thanks Jeff. See he's not gonna put any pressure on like you damn well better bet me a winner.
Gonna pee my pants and come and kill some people at QAM. Although you know when you come right
down to it. Early going is a simple a they fly up the back stretch Western night in Mike
Allen have a short lead third dimension toward the rail of the second like a card shark and
Ronnie Allen Jr. takes up the hot early pay settles industry right there. Then it's a big
break break of 8 lengths back. A big break and for it. E.T. Go home 5 the gap of 3 said cat
6 and nothing from a triple a. They swing around the far turn and now the two favorites going
on with it. Western night bumps the margin to two like a card shark at Allen now gets busy on him
going after the later that it's five links for the back third dimensions has seen enough
and it retreats to be third the others with no chance. A quarter of a mile to run. Western night
has delayed his only fear will be like a card shark on the outside as they turn into the stretch.
Western night trying to score another win for Lonnie Utterburn still in front like a card shark
is second a big break up 10 lengths back to E.T. Go home but it's Western night well handled on
the front end my Mike Allen and another win for the Utterburn stable going away by three.
All right well there's Tampa Bay the third race. Are you sure you excited?
No why not because that's not my boy that's not the guy like no that's not the guy you're like
that's the guy I I don't once I like him or dislike him he's just funny spastic.
Everybody I got the whole world doing that now.
Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap. Good for you.
I wouldn't be surprised when Obama comes up here for his first visit to a foreign country on
February the whatever it's going to be 19 23rd whenever when meets with Stephen Harper and he's
going to look at that Nazi right in the eye and go Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap just like that.
And Stephen Harper will look back in typical style and go Bap Bap Bap did you fax me something just
now? Nope. Well it's another ad fact. Sure. By the way you think I'm joking about making that
the ringtone for you. I'm going to work on it right now. What do you mean by that?
That you say doing that that thing that thing I play for you and and what are we going to do with it?
We're going to stick it. There's no we I am going to make it the ringtone for you when you call me.
Does that not make sense? No. No. When I call you I'll demonstrate give me a few minutes give me
10 15 minutes here. Give me 10 15 minutes I was going to give you like the next half hour
of the show. Oh hey wait no that's not good. What do I know? Because we got to do that race.
At 144. There you go. That. Yeah that's going to be my new ringtone for you.
Well we could we could farm that out. We could like make make that available like online or something.
We could put it on our website. We could. Can we? We can. We can't. We can. Oh we just don't want
us that we try to say the word in 46 votes. We did it on the pool. It's an okay pool.
You like it? I like it just fine. Who's the most incompetent? Of course that list could be so long
could be so freaking lengthy. Anyway this list of Dave Helberstam I feel bad that Tom Jika
publicized this. I mean it's great if we help Dave sell his book but oh my god.
I mean Brent Mausberger you've got to be joking me as number three. He says opinionate and famous
demanding and critical play by playing out there in studio anchor Brent Mausberger has survived
the treacherous pitfalls of network TV for 35 remarkable years. In 1975 Mausberger began
trailblazing work for CBS. Unlike today's host who serve as nimble and restrained traffic
option the studio former athletes Brent provoked an opine proffering declarative statements that
prompted responses. Shockingly CBS fired Mausberger in 1990 while he was still the toughest game.
He rose from this residiently working for ABC and ESPN still busy and salient today.
Mausberger infuses his folksy with style with offbeat comments. This has been an exciting few hours
of football. I hope that at least took your minds off the stock market. One of his comments.
Also like one of his comments I get on the phone and it was something about something happened
in the game. I would get on the phone and what he really wanted to say was called my bookie but
of course on network TV you shouldn't be advising people to call their bookie but that's what he
meant. Get on the phone call Hank he'll give you his bookies number. Also a free yesterday let us
down. Say what now? He claimed that he had somewhere there in the audio folder somewhere he had the
audio of Hank falling asleep on the ear. Oh really? Now are you familiar with that? Did you know
that? I'm familiar with the event. I do not know. You want to hear it? Sure. Did we ever talk about it?
I never talked about it. I thought you did. I never heard of it. You talked about it. Get on
it here. Oh it's an awful thing. I can't wait for it to happen to me. I talked about the
Humper falling asleep on the ear more than once if I recall. Rick says why isn't George W on the
list as far as incompetent he'd win hands down. That's why he's not on there because it's just
there's no point in doing that. We could put him on every negative list and he'd win them all
hands down. So what's the point? Am I right? Yeah. Why isn't W on every poll? You know just
there's no point in doing the poll then. If you already know the winner hands down your pants
and I agree he would win. So like I said what's the point? I'm printing out an email from somebody.
Well they sure came to us squeeching hauled all of us on Friday afternoon. Yep.
People have issues to take care of on Friday. I have a major issue to take care of here. Do you know?
No yeah. Well good luck to call life. Yeah. It's called my life. Uh Michelle says I was wondering
how it is that you can place your name in the running to be picked for the horse racing.
I didn't find anything on your website to enter. I hope it's not on the QM website. Oh yes it is.
It's on the QM website. It's bad enough that your streaming has been reset to link through QM and
you have to watch commercials even before loads of the stream. I truly hated because it forces you
to have your browser open the whole time as opposed to the old way when media player would just pop
up and you could close your browser. By the way I wanted to tell you about a body wash I tried that's
pretty good. I was up north for a couple of months and my skin was getting really dry. A friend
recommended Johnson and Johnson Vanilla oatmeal body wash. Oh that sounds horrible. It's for babies
which turned me off to trying it but the thing works good and smells good. This is Michelle in Miramar.
Thanks Michelle. Yeah you have to go to the QM website and on that page you'll find the
picked the ponies contest and you click it and you put your name in and you are contested.
And then every week on Thursday or Friday morning, courtess picks a name off the list just at random.
I'm sure Michelle would have a good chance because he likes to pick chicks.
Like that. Wasn't Vanessa that one at first time? Mm-hmm. Well let's hope we do well for Jeffrey
this time. Let's take a look at the they must have the odds up for the second race of Gulf Stream.
And I'm sure they do. Yes they do. The six is four to one in the morning line. So he's the second
choice and the good part of it is the seven is the three to one favorite which is very Luke
warm. That means it's a wide open race. That's the way I see it. The seven with the lovely
Javier Costelano. A Javier but I didn't pick him.
He's the truck and the six is a second choice at four to one. That would be nice if he stayed
at four to one and one by about ten lengths. Ten bucks times five times fifty that would be
250 bucks for Jeff. Wouldn't that be sweet? Say it. But we got a few minutes to go. What time is it?
Later than you think. I'll tell you that. 126 that means we've got about 18 minutes still post.
It's Friday. You best. It's a new. Are you smarter than it's?
Tonight. Are you smarter than a fifth?
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other. The same challenges and the same
joys. Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge. The first ever Westbound Pony Express
delivery started in Missouri and ended in what US state. The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth grader. Which of the following is a country in Africa? Albania?
Argentina? Algeria? Canada, Mexico and then yeah that trip that was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia. Not smarter than a fifth grader.
There are next door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land hearing a lot.
I am so sorry. Not smarter than a fifth grader.
Well 31 and 560 WQM happy Friday to you and we're only 13 minutes away from post
time for the second race of Gulfstream. It's just not the same when you're not out there though.
I know. Should be out there every week.
Why not? Because it costs money.
Because too money. Them?
Them. Well maybe in other words you're expecting it paid to show that up there all the time?
Yeah that'd be nice.
It's like those jocks. You're getting like those jocks.
I wish. I would get like that.
I call those people that we put in here to kill the ratings like Drew Rosenstein and I
were a windbag and Alex Marvaz. So let's do a little spearmen.
A spearmen? Yeah call me. Call myself.
Oh boy.
Got your phone there handy?
Yeah. I want to know if I did this right.
I'd be very excited if I did.
Oh okay I'm calling you.
I ain't gonna hold it.
I'm gonna put the phone up to the mic.
No it's my phone that I put up to the mic.
Oh.
If it works.
Really?
Really?
It's ringing.
There it is.
It worked. Thank you.
Did you hear it?
I heard it.
And your picture comes up too so it's awfully nice.
Does it really?
Yeah well I can program it that way.
Oh boy.
What a lunatic.
Okay so the six horses nine to two is the third choice.
Seven is five to two the four is four to one and the six is nine to two.
Nice price if he wins.
It's like about 275 bucks for 50.
That sounds good.
Sounds great.
Oh yeah you'd be real happy if you were out there because it looks like
how who the hell won the first race?
I don't recall the four, the two.
I don't recall the doose.
The doose.
Now wonder they get these guys on there and do that handy crabbing?
They've got with a heavy New York accent.
Whoever that goes, all is.
I don't know.
That's a little Nancy Mee-Galmano has wanted.
Little Nancy from
Saley Spiritt, part of it there.
Fairgrounds, norleans.
Boy that's a good place to stay away from.
All the time.
Now let's see I want to make sure we do the break early enough so that we don't
like step on the 144 post time.
It says 11 minutes to post so 144 like I said.
See this puts pressure on me.
What I got say it's one thing if I'm betting my own money
and I'm you know using my own judgment to bet my money.
But what I'm doing for somebody else for some stranger
for some listener who was nice enough by the way to send that email and say,
hey whatever, case a ross arrived who the best you can.
Don't listen to these idiots.
I mean if I had something from the audience that was that made any sense.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Some information as opposed to just somebody likes the name or somebody just
claiming to be an expert like Rob with his guaranteed 32 double.
Merch is in the lurch.
He's running out of the perch.
I mean like that.
You know what what is that?
I don't think we have like a whole lot of racing experts in this audience.
We down in Jamaica in the catapene.
They got the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table.
I would tell you this country where the gun's a bit good.
A raster non has some he want to sell and from my my own way you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up the split and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun's a bit good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your long turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say,
got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke, smoke, gun, just smoke.
They light up the split and choke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun's a bit good.
I'm a teller son you are a raster man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To buy the herb for you by the ounce of dip.
Raster man say to her,
Mama you're right.
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up the split and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They can't you be good.
Come on.
Okay 141.
I don't like this because the Tampa Bay 4th race is just going to the gate right now.
It's 2N close to the Gulf Stream race, 3 minutes to post time.
Oh, and which one are they going to play?
Is that the problem?
The Tampa Tampa is first and loading in right now.
I mean, I don't know how long the race is,
but it's only going to be like a minute and 10 seconds.
Yeah. I mean, it'll it'll get on there.
Trust me.
Okay.
I trust you.
Oh, here's here's the guy again.
It wants me to promote his will come and pump your dump.
Yeah, Joe wants me to give him a free spot.
No thanks.
Joe the plumber.
Here's one that says I've been listening to you since 1980.
Maybe a little before the Miami riots.
Are there any riots in your hood in Toronto?
No, you're always entertaining as our most Jews in the business.
Milton Burrell had three legs in only two feet and he was very entertaining.
And that's the rumor.
That's the popular story.
Here's one that says please put the back, back ringtone on your site.
I beg you.
Remember those key chains from years ago.
Yeah, I sure do.
I try to get George to put the power of Christ compels you on in place of
there are no flags in the church, but my phone crept out.
I still wore it out the key chain.
I mean, he wore out the key chain.
In other words, the battery died.
I see.
142.
We got two minutes supposed to go stream and they're still having started the fourth race at the
Tampa.
I don't like that.
We're going from under the all the six is not getting any money now.
The six went up to seven to one.
So that's a $16 wind price.
There would be four hundred bucks for Jerry Jeff, whatever his name is, if the six wins.
Not a good sign.
We'd not get any money.
He hasn't he's been off for a few months, but he's got a, you know, continually string a work
outs.
It looked pretty good.
He's been working it.
If they don't open this gate for the fourth race, I'm going to get upset because there's only one minute to post
a Gulf Stream.
And I sure don't want to see it on tape.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I did Steve slow never contact you.
No, no, no.
No, no.
So he's probably not even out there.
So there's no way like because you've got that magical channel.
There's no way that you can see or is there a website we can go to?
Didn't we do this before?
No.
Why are we not open at gate?
Oh my god.
Well, this is because there's one horse still out to hell with him.
If you don't want to get in there, just run and race without him.
Right?
Oh, finally.
This is the Tampa 4th race.
Don't get excited.
This is not Gulf Stream yet.
Come on.
Open at gate.
They're off.
And they're off.
Princess BG.
The favorite is away.
So what do you think the fact that the six it got some early money?
Was three to one four to one and now it's seven to one one two third longest shot on the board.
Of course, it's only the horse field.
But I wonder why that is.
It looks like class.
Although he hasn't been out since mid September.
Thanks for the back.
Sisters.
Wow.
Now racing on for it.
Sister.
Slob.
You hear that?
I've extorted the rail now.
Fifth.
Waiting for tonight is from between our six to gap of three.
Clever day was now seven to an hour.
Plank five.
Don't you know, just a few years later, then we go back to Ziva.
A gap of three one in the chamber.
Four things fight about sneaky Bernie and the trader sweet fabric.
That's the 12 of them around the front turn.
Princess BG not going on with it.
And open length.
She's got plenty of second up on the outside waiting for tonight.
Far outside Florida.
Quaker is now for it.
Five last year.
Five last year.
Up on the outside waiting for tonight.
Moves wide for the drive.
And toward the rail mysteriousness.
But inside the final for it on it's all princess BG along the rail mysteriousness.
And waiting for tonight.
Princess BG.
In front to take it on the wire by six or seven.
Mysteriousness second.
Waiting for tonight is third.
Okay, we got it.
All right.
Looks like.
Let's go to the golf team right now.
They should be going in the gate.
There they are.
They're in the gate.
Here we go.
And then.
And they're all in line.
For the six.
See a couple of hail maries.
They're off.
See he doesn't say it.
The good start for divine master.
Right alongside his Voorhees.
Salon with some early speed.
These two sprint up from the gutters.
And it's tame the main unbridled music to the inside.
And heads and tails going up outside.
The first perfect stalling marina's next old dr.
And last one lunch in a tight pack.
We're not going very quickly here.
As divine master leads them to the first turn.
Divine master in front.
And opening quarter of 24 and two seconds.
The reason I'm going for that.
Seven and a half.
And then four knees.
Ballad is second.
Heads and tails.
Third outside of unbridled music.
Who saves all the ground to the back stretch.
Three off the lead.
Then storming marina.
Dr. Rie going free deep.
Tame the main right behind them.
And merch is down on the rail.
Five links off of the leader.
And the leader is divine master.
Four sign master.
And the back stretch.
In front by just an egg.
For he's ballad right alongside.
Heads and tails outside of them through a 49 and one half mile.
And an inside trip for all Dr. Rie so far.
Who's to in the house slowly.
Real so.
The mind is right next to him.
Unbridled music has four and a half to make up.
Tame the main is dropped back.
And merch is still the trailer.
The six is about to begin to the final turn.
Divine master on top.
Continuing to be pressed by four.
He's ballad.
Heads and tails.
Moves even with a lot of three of them.
Not having a fast alarm.
After three quarters in one twelve and three.
He's put four quarters to the dorm.
He's in a heavy drive back there and forth.
Dr. Rie trying to get going.
Five years saves all the ground.
Sorry.
And the bridled music.
They're into the stretch.
Here comes the body outside.
And on the inside divine master.
Merch has got run.
Merch saved all the money.
He's going to angle to the outside.
But he had to hold her course.
And the master keeps on going.
The four is going to end the shot.
Four one.
And he gave it a shot all the way around.
Then he puked.
He's been off.
He's short.
That's it.
Sorry.
All right, mister.
Have a nice day.
He gave it a good shot.
And then when the lurch started making a move,
I started to lurch myself like when.
Oh, that's that.
Go to church and pray for a lurch.
Well, so we didn't win.
Oh, one of three.
Huh?
Easy, come easy.
Go.
Am I supposed to feel real bad?
I feel bad for Jeff, because that was a good payoff.
And that was seven to one.
16 bucks, 50 bucks, time 16 is $400.
Can't win them all, man.
Can't win them all.
Even being the genius that I am.
Right.
Chalk, the four.
Cliff from Candle says, I put a barf bucket next to my couch
and watched the trials of Ted Hagrid and HBO last night.
I didn't see that.
I seen him on a lary.
Uh-huh.
And that was enough for me.
So, first, I've never seen him before.
He looks like a flaming screaming queen.
You're fair.
Absolutely. That's what I was thinking.
Doesn't take a genius to take a look at him and think, oh, gay.
Yeah.
Second, he's a poop eating grin on his face the whole time.
That made me hurl.
Good thing I had my bucket handy.
They interviewed the male prostitute who outed him.
I didn't see that.
He was a good looking guy on the downside of his forties.
He was obviously a pitcher and not a catcher if you know what I mean.
Reach for the bucket.
Oh.
I ended up feeling sorry for him.
His whole life is over.
His college degree in English, uh, whatever is useless.
He can't get a job as a dog catcher.
They showed him going into one interview where he said his chances were good as long as they
don't Google his name.
Ha ha ha.
Uh-huh.
The producer showed the Google hits title, meth addict, closeted homo, etc, etc.
Ted is wife, gale and his four kids were all living out of hotels in a U-Haul.
In the end, I cried two tears into my bucket for poor Ted Hagrid.
How do you like that?
Yep.
Screamer.
Gay.
But that's the way it usually is.
You know, Jim Baker, who is doing everybody that moved and who, and whatever happened with
Paul, Crock Paul's crotch.
What do you mean?
There was a scandal there too involving some kind of a gay at the Trinity Broadcasting.
What have we always said?
Those people who screamed the loudest and point the fingers.
Here's one that says, hey, have you ever heard of Jim Bose on Virginia B.
It's truly the underground of Miami.
You can burn in front of everyone and truly relax.
It's kind of an outside bar.
Do you ever hear of Jim Bose on Virginia Beach?
George?
Nope.
Oh.
He did now.
See what Rudy has.
I mean, there's a couple of emails on here ready to yes.
And I feel bad about that.
Sixth.
He was right there the whole time.
Stalking the floor and then the four pulled away in the stretch and the six just puked.
Obviously needed to race.
Neil is always listening to you on the radio and computer.
Just wanted to thank you for all your insight on subjects that most people won't touch.
George, it was always great when you're not there.
Please keep up the good work and spite of joy.
Your friend Rudy.
Well, thanks Rudy.
And even you get like a little pet on the head.
Although I didn't see like a whole look at that on the highway there, man.
And towards the exit to Bayview, all the collector lanes have been shut down because of a collision.
You can see everybody being pushed into those express lanes instead.
So at least they have the opportunity to do that.
But it is starting to back up now to make her a hear through Avenue road.
Oh boy, a real backup baby on the highway.
Well, that's because they drive like lunatics here.
That's the one thing I will grant you and that is bad as the driving isn't so affordable.
It is a picnic compared to this.
Too many ethnic people here who know speaking English, okay?
They can't read the signs.
They have no idea what they're doing out there and they did they go either real, real slow or real, real fast.
Not too much in between.
You know, in a real city like like Detroit, the traffic flow you would drive you forget about the speed limit.
And you would just drive like on the highways based on the traffic flow.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Like the average speed of the way people are going and then you usually have no problem.
But there are some places where there is no traffic flow because everybody who gets on the road has got a different idea.
Oh, well, I think I'm going to go like 10 miles an hour under the speed limit like in the passing lane or I'm going to go like 50 miles an hour over the speed limit.
In the right hand lane, like on the shoulder.
Well, I feel bad about Gulf Stream.
That's unfortunate.
I mean, there was 400 bucks sitting staring Jeffrey right in the push just waiting for him and the horse pooped his guts.
I mean, he finished badly.
In fact, here he comes.
Oh, there are a few things in life for gamblers.
People who play the ponies, there are a few things in life worse than betting on a horse who starts out in contention or at least halfway decent.
And then as the race proceeds, he just backs through the field.
Now, at least in this case, he was like right there at the top of the stretch.
He was dangerous.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
And then every inch that they continue to run, he became less and less dangerous.
Just like we used to be really dangerous.
Remember those days?
Oh, yeah.
Back before Jolly Joabelle came to town.
By the way, Tom, I'm really looking forward to that big conference call Monday at 2 o'clock.
Aren't we all over the weekend?
That's going to be my, I'm going to make a whole list of wonderful things that we need to fix.
It's dead.
In Miami town.
At 560 WQ.
Hey, hey.
Don't lie.
All the hard burn.
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, that pretty tired of dimwitch.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, I'm TV.
Here's President Thump's ****.
Ray Publicates must live.
And in our taking this idiot.
I don't know why they would want this guy, but now he's here.
First crew to the next four years.
With President Thump's ****.
I'm not a f***er, I'm not a f***er
Oh, what I get to know both ones more
And get to where you'll vote at all
Here you are best, don't come long
Lips drumming stupidly
Find this drunk and rich kid
No one's home, he's even, some are them me
Here's President of f***ing hell
You don't care what it took
You got him in by hooker and rock
The Chris will ride, knows what's best
You and I have a hell no fear
We've got a great leader here
With President of f***ing hell
President of f***ing hell
President of f***ing hell
President of f***ing hell
Oh, I'm a russet
