It's Friday you're basting
Oh gee, we're going out of business
I'm a kid but I want a new one
I said a girl to match my little guy
I couldn't find the perfect one in London
But in Africa they have one I can buy
Gonna pick me up a new kid
A baby, a baby
Gonna pick me up a new kid
I'm new one from the Lowy
Even though the one I want has parents
I won't let that fact get in my way
I want you out to Brad and Angelina
So I'm gonna take one home with me today
Oh, I'm gonna pick me up a new kid
A baby, a baby
Gonna pick me up a new kid
Fresh from the Lowy
Gonna pick me up a new kid
A new kid, a new kid
Fresh from the Lowy
It's Friday you're a baby
Gonna pick me up a new kid
Oh gee, we're going out of business
Oh yeah, I love that
Let's just play it all day
Except at 11 o'clock when Dave Johnson is going to be calling
And I have a spy report from John and Fort Lauderdale
Who says, Dave Johnson's already been on the year this morning
He was on with D.Fo and Leslie Visor yucking it up
They sounded like close personal friends
That couldn't be the same D.Fo that used to talk about Dave Johnson
Mailing it in
And take some cheap shots at Dave, one of the great race callers of all time
That's the same D.Fo, mailing it in, living large and mailing it in
Full of crap D.Fo, as usual
Anyway, Dave will be calling us at 11 o'clock, that's all that counts
Cool
How's D.Fo's share doing over there that point
One thing about that, it's easy to stay consistent
When you've got nobody listening
Although John and Fort Lauderdale I guess was listening
So I got an email from George who evidently is doing fine
Thank goodness and I'll get to that momentarily
Here's the pull result from yesterday, I've changed it already
And somebody asked me a good question in one of these emails about
How come there's nothing on our website about
And when's the website getting changed already
I thought Eric was going to work on that
I guess he hasn't
What? I guess he hasn't
Well, he hasn't because he hasn't moved it over to the new machine
Or whatever, I don't know, there's some stuff going on
I don't know, right. A lot of stuff going on
We're moving into the new building on Monday or with the weekend or whatever, you are
I'm still going to be in the same old building
And the AC is on
Oh, a happy day
Oh, it is so comfortable and here you have no idea
I've been waiting for this day for a long time, been clammy and stuffy
Now once it's on you can adjust the temperature, right?
Yeah, that's good
And then if we have like an unusual May cold day, which is possible, then I got the
Baseboard heating all over on every room
So you can get a little more toasty too
It's a hell of a lot easier to make it warmer than it is to make it cooler, you know what I mean?
When it's hot and stuffy, it's like, you can't breathe
The best Canadian rock band or singer is Wazaar War
662 votes we had
And Rush wins
152 for Rush, Neil Young, 143, Neil Young
Oh my god, I can't see what that
Couldn't lick Rush's ass
Guess who's 77, 77? How do you like that again, huh?
Hmm, Gordon Lightfoot had
About 30, man
Steppenwolf 29, Paul Anca 24, Brian Adams 23, Man Murray 22, Nickelback 21, VTO 20, Al Aynas Morissette 19, Verneka Ladies 12, David Clayton Thomas 12
He was Canadian, I didn't know that, to this moment I never knew that
Hmm, Spin and Wheel by Blood Sweat and Tears with David Clayton Thomas
They were a Canadian
Were they?
I guess, I don't know
You don't know, yeah, look it up in your computer
I want to be great on Monday, now you're going to have a computer on Monday in there?
I will
Are you sure? Well, Cowboy Junkies 8, Triumph 8, some 41 6, Burton Coming 6
Little slop over there with a guess who Burton Coming so play that slot machine next to me a few years ago
It would buy in and made a real ass out of himself to me, I just, I was just revolted by his behavior
Ronnie Hawkins, the band 6, Leverboy 5, Arcade 5, where's what's her name?
Avril Lavigne
Hmm, well she's terrible
I hope, you hope we left her off in there, why?
She's not gay
We left her off in the thing
Damn, who's that? Arcade, what?
Eric, get that
I guess we could add it
I'll go on Eric, play me Eric for everything
Arcade Fire 4 Billy Town 4 D-O-A for the Tea Party 3, the 4 Lads 3, the 4 Lads for Canadian, my God
Standing on the corner, the Diamond 3
3 days Grace 2, the tragically hip 2, Helix 2, April 1, 1
But no Avril Lavigne, that was wrong with us
Theory of a Deadman 1, Matthew Goodband 1, Great Big C1, Jeff Haley 1, Blue Rodeo 1,
Tom Cochran 1, who?
Trooper 1, Stompin Tom Conner's
Oh no, it's a good ol' hockey game, it's about, oh, Stompin Tom Conner's, somebody oughta stomp him
He's the worst, he's got a vote, Andy Kim got one, Clat 2 got a vote
No votes for our Lady Peace, I'm Mother Earth, which you were all excited about
Oh yes, Sloan, Colin James, Kim Mitchell, Platinum, Blonde 54, Forty-Chillie Wack, Stamp Eaters, or Bobby, Critola
None, Zero, Zipity, Doodah
Oh, Big O, oh
I'm so glad that you're here, I'm so glad that you're here, I'm so glad that you're here
I'm so glad that you're here, I'm so glad that you're here, I'm so glad that you're here, I'm so glad that you're here
Well, if he's compelling, I'm smelling
George Rodriguez says spirits are high and so am I, the George report
This could be a new segment on the show until he gets another gig, which evidently may not be that part on the road
He'll land on his feet, he'll be a...
I'll ride
And I got some of these emails, man, some of you people, you crazy people, you know, I'll tell you what, you walk out of your job
All you people out there that is so concture of your life and your finances, you walk out, I'm not walking out on anybody
And you pay George a bunch of money
Take him, bring him a bag of money to his house
George says spirits are high and so am I, I've already been contacted by a couple of interested parties
No one is doubting my popularity or my ability to get ratings, the issue is usual is how much they're willing to pay
The narrow
Right
It would help me secure the money I'm asking for, I need just to stay level if I can walk in with a list of sponsors
I have a few I know I can count on but the more the merrier
Beginning a lot of emails, people asking what they can do to help, sponsors can help
I don't really need anyone writing in with their bosses contact and for the St. Glen Gary Glen Ross I don't need leads
And I have my own copy of the yellow pages
I need bosses who say they'd be happy to sponsor a George show right away or in the near future
They can write me here, georgeatnearrogers.com
Jorge at nearrogers.com
Cut some of the show yesterday, the emails are very sweet
Most of them, not all of them
Just to be accurate, you know how I am when...
What I offered to give was a lead my entire music library about 15,000 songs, medium-unkey is just a software used to manage and play the songs with
Right
I'll come in and transfer the library and install medium-unkey as soon as he gets the other computer hooked up
Today if he wants, thanks old man, George
Thanks old man, how do you like that?
Was that a shadow?
That's the only old man, what?
Was that a shadow?
He would call me the old man for 20 years or 15 years anyway
Well if the old man, if we lose the old man, remember that line?
Yeah
If we lose the old man, and the godfather, everything comes back to the godfather
In fact I think more than anything else, especially this week, with all the crap that's been going down
I think more than any other line in the godfather, this one's appropriate
This is the business we've chosen
He was so good, Hyman Roth
Yep
He used to walk his little dog on my me beach and all your ladies would clothe from him
Yes, screw him, Hyman Roth
He's still dead
Here's one that says, hey Neil, sorry to hear that George has joined the many other unemployed Americans out there since he was axed the other day
I wanted to comment on all the emails you read yesterday about people claiming they'll no longer listen to your show because George is gone
Your show is called the Nearage Show, and not the Neal and George Show
I listen to the show to give good laugh from you, flapping your gums and random topics from 10 to 2
I don't listen to the show to hear George say his random okay sure and no one you ask more question
Little shot there at George, keep up the good work and stay crazy
I am Leo, I'm crazy you're in a bedbuck, always will be
Always have been, especially when I started in this business, this is the monkey business
So I changed the poll so people can vent
And by the way I did put a thing up there that I sent to Chris from FSU says, Joe Bell just won't leave me alone
After calling and mailing my house, now he's threatening you by saying he's given my name to the police as well as the dean's office at FSU
Yeah that's a good they called him a douche nozzle
Oh, called him a douche nozzle?
And started the email with the may see the seaworthy word
So I'm not worried about this but this man is a pest
He wants me to apologize for calling him mean names but I say F him
I found it unbelievable he's stalking me, says Chris from FSU, oh you know about this creep?
Yeah that was the email I told you that day he started to doubt with the seaworth
Well, he's one of mine, he's the one to say
Pulse question, do you want George back yes or no?
Hope this helps, says James, oh yeah that's a big help
Let's see how the poll is coming
What's your take on George is getting fired?
I'm pissed off 70, we got 174 votes already
I'm pissed off 70, I'm not happy about it 46
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ 30, good ridden's 19, I don't care 9
So the overwhelming majority are pissed off, unhappy and think Joe Bell is the anti-Christ and see you next time
Jimmy Dwarfsky, you know Jimmy you're out of control
I don't need to read your communication back and forth with Jolly Joe, okay?
Not interested, you already said it once I read it
It was boring the first time and it's more boring biography for David Clayton Thomas somebody sends in
Born in Surrey England, you see that? He wasn't Canadian
Born in Surrey England UK, what kind of crap you people are crazy people
Michael says I agree with Flee that Avril Lavigne's music blows, however he must admit she is smoking hot
I admit it even an old fairy like you gets a tingle when she's dancing around on stage
No I don't get a tingle-origin go
Yeah, now we can call her smoking hot, I like her a lot
I wouldn't say she's smoking hot
Q's cutesy, I'd say she's cutesy
Yeah, let a good way to describe her?
Perfect
Qtsy, her music is marginal at best
I like Avril Lavigne just fine
Her music's cute
And what sweat and tears were not Canadian
They keep putting all these British people on there, what about the freaking Beatles
This is the business we've chosen
Yeah, I heard that somewhere
It's fuck to our Friday you bastards
And a ride
My hat a chip named Pay
One day she flew away
To Tio on a weather moon is blue
But with our right wing censorship
There are words that mustn't slip
Who do we tell you how I feel for K
K
K
K
So
Is she CK in Tio on a
L.C.U. with Tio on a tune
Now is she CK?
Tell her I'm a sorry stay
And the SCC won't let me sing this
So I wrote today now if you CK take her hand
Jelly say
That after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days
Oh, if you CK you do you wanna
Then I'll see you with Tio on a go
On a go, on a go, on a go
On a go, on a go, on a go
On a go, on a go, on a go
On a go, on a go, on a go
1018 at 560 WQ
One of the emails I got this morning was from Paul Harvey Jr
I haven't heard from him in ages
Call me and he's got a phone number
Call me I'm not gonna call you
Why would I call you?
If you got something to tell me
When a doubt tap it out, right?
Yep
If you know the email address which obviously you do
Why would I call him Paul Harvey Jr
I don't know if you got something good for George
Then send it to me or send it to George
George at neorages.com Jorge JORGE
Okay for you crackers out there Jorge
And maybe we'll be getting the George report every day from George
We'll see on Monday once we get in the new building
Yep
Now how is that new studio?
Small
What you're gonna do from now on is just say yep, yep, yep
It's small but it's nice
How about the studio?
It's okay too
It's like a cubby hole
It's about half the size of your old room
But it's gonna have new equipment at least, new board and TV
Really?
Yeah
Wow
Nice digital board
Yeah
The CD player will actually fire from the board
Crazy stuff like that
Yeah, it's gonna be nice
CD player?
Yeah
What about the card player?
I don't think they're gonna hook up the card deck
They're not gonna hook up the card deck?
I don't think so
George throughout all the cards anyway
He did?
Yeah he tossed him
I was like he should play the game
Why do you do that?
I don't know
You're fired George
What do you mean he threw out all the cards?
Why would you do that?
I don't know
There was some good crap on there
Well I'm assuming that knowing George
that he transferred it to something else
I'm assuming
Yeah he put him...
He digitized I guess everything
He digitized?
Digitalized?
He digitized
Digitized
Get it right please
Sorry
Don't start making a lot of mistakes
You're under a magnifying glass, especially with the big bucks they're paying you
Let me make sure
Because I've been under a lot of stress all week long
I haven't been feeling great
Now we got the air on I can breathe
Did I hear you say that you're not getting paid an extra dime to produce this show?
Is that what you said?
That is true
Now why would anybody agree to do something like that?
To keep my job
Oh
Yeah
Hey by the way I got an email from Linda Bird
Who is the works for the station in Orlando
She said the interest talking about your show
The interest is really a listener recommending that it would be a good option
And my responding with the fact that we would consider
I am forwarding information to the program director at WTKS
Katherine Brown
Yeah we got people out there we got groupies who are like trying to interfere and get involved
And like oh well Neil should be on TKS in Orlando and Neil should be on serious
And so they're like you know pretending to be representing me
Right
Which they're not
No
I think the chances of my ever working for a cheap channel
I want other stations on a scale of minus infinity is just off the edge
Off the edge of the universe
They suck well you know that
Yep
There he goes again
I got the work
I got the work with Dave Ross that was fun
David Ross oh another one of Norma can'ts good buddies
Yeah talk about it
Norma hangs around with all the real pros in the business
David Ross, Steve Lampa
Do you show the ass Joe Bell
That's Norma's cry
I spoke to Norma last night he said
George finally uh
George got that flunky lawyer
Jan Maria whatever his name was that he and the chicken heck were trying to find a couple of years ago
And they were trying to give me a and a real agent and believe me Jan Maria he ain't one of them
He's a silly guy but anyway
George got a hold of him I guess and he's representing George and I do believe
He's the one that wrote George's contract for the three-year extension
And George himself said to me that contract got more holes than a piece of Swiss cheese
And evidently it did
Everybody's talking about my contract what about his
What security did he have
He admitted to me at the time he said there's no you know they can fire me if I come in and fart the wrong foot
I guess he did
What flavor was it you know strawberry strawberry fart that was the end
The Phantom Informer who's another one who's full of crap
Says George has handled himself with class indignity
I'm reaching out to my radio contacts on his behalf we will men we miss you George
I'm reaching out to my radio contacts
Yeah contact this the Phantom Informer
I even got a fake email from Rick Shaw last night
I'll get to that it's in my pile
You know I fake email from the fake Rick Shaw first of all Rick Shaw wouldn't email me on that address
He would send me to my another Myspace and number two
It's got all kinds of grammatical and spelling errors in there one thing about Rick Shaw one thing he's not as dumb
He wouldn't be making all kinds of stupid ass grammatical and spelling errors like the average schmuck out there the average puts
That's one great thing about the emails you know the I mean the phone is anonymous but at least some of these
Voices like a like a fingerprint you know it's a voice print you recognize the voice right away
But an email is totally anonymous like putting a message in a bottle
So everybody is somebody else everybody is Rick Shaw everybody is Jimmy Cifillitic everybody is this one and that one everybody's very jackass
By the way thanks to the real time jicca wrote another thing about
What's going on here another Q and A thing in a sunset and I'll get to it. It's in it's coming up soon
Coming up momentarily
Lawrence who's really chronic I mean just out of control good guy, but just chronic itself I
Only listened to a little bit of the big oh show. I guess big a is an ass can't be used and to the mad dog yesterday and the big dog this morning
So maybe I'm off base here did any of these guys mention what happened to George at all?
Did they did you hear anybody mention anything about it on the other shows?
I did not hear anything
We don't exist where we're in island on this station. We're not there were the only non-sports show so they don't talk about us
Or did they meet my extremely low expectations and just talk sports sports? Oh Jason Taylor you're so strong in your back. Aren't we blessed he writes?
I don't know I didn't hear about anybody. I would know because I don't listen. I don't come in here. I could listen
When you were remembered to turn the audio back up at the end of the show, right?
You're gonna be doing that every day or not. I will sometimes people come in here and popsicle around and turn it off
Well keep them out of there when we get in that new studio keep all the intruders the interlopers out. I'll lock it. That's part of your high pay job
And it's out keep the interlopers out
bastards
Mayor Bloomberg says taking no chances with a swine flu
More than 50 students have been sent home from this school with flu like symptoms since Wednesday, May 6th
He is so freaking Jewish, you know
It's a close to Mayor Bloomberg. I mean, that's just the way he looks in the name, but he speaks
He speaks so New York, you know what I mean by that? Yes, I do although not New York, you like Sam Rosen and Mo
That they're there in a different category. They both sound very much alike. I hate to say that because Sam Rosen
Now here's a really good guy. You know Sam Rosen. I do not voice of the ranges for 100 years and also is on versus yeah hockey hockey hockey
Also, he does one of the NFL games every week too
Sam Rosen
You don't know Sam Rosen? I do now. Yeah, I didn't know him by name
You better get with him mister. You're already slipping. You're fading into obscurity. You just started
How about Boston getting eliminated
Oh, I didn't see the final scores last night the Bruins are out Bruins are out. I see the red wings beat the ducks
I'm not happy about that. No
Carolina when I went to bed Carolina was that I think three to two. What was the final?
I'm not sure, but I know Carolina won while I'll be them good
Screw the Bruins yep, I don't like that team. I don't know what it is about them
And of course Carolina's got my good buddy Ray Whitney on there
245 votes on the new pool. What's your take on George getting fired? I'm pissed off 101
I'm not happy about it 65 Joe Bell is the anti-Christ 39
Good riddance 27 on it. I'll care 13
So overwhelming overwhelming sentiment they're pissed off about Georgia. Why not
Why not
You bastard
Dave Arnazine lived at adventurous life
Exploring the forgotten realms of Ravenloft or the mountains of Stormreach
He was a great friend
The kind that would lend you a plus eight shield or assign you a plus two charisma
Amulet we're fighting the minions of wolves
Once he saved my life as young druids we were walking across a dark bog when
Dave saw a ward has screaming towards me
If it wasn't for Dave I wouldn't have been able to equip my boots of escaping in time
And out
sadly
Dave's man of supply has run out and his saving throw is failed and he will forever be best
But I know I know he's with the great dodge and vassar in the sky
Exactly and that's a good place for him 1031 at 560 wqam
Here's some goofball who says is George fighter as you coming back. No, he's fired and he's not coming back
Georgia's a decent sidekick for your show, but as a host he sucks
Get back to taking some calls. No bring back Dave Capreta captain David Neil flea blows head of rohomo
It says head of a homo
What does that mean? I don't know head or a head or a
I think I'll see who's really chronic getting on my nurses. Did you call me a creep?
I didn't call you anything. I don't even know who the hell you are. Did I call him a creep? No
Says I'm not I sent joebell one email. He won't leave me alone
I don't like dealing with him or emailing your show like the crazies. I just want joebell out of my life says Chris from fs. You
Poor Chris. Maybe you are a creep Chris. I don't know kind of crap that you're sending
And Baron fits as in line with Chris did I hear what I think I just heard joebell is going after one of your list is for calling him names
If that's the case I take back calling him a fat loser. He's the fattest loser in the history of fat losers. What a douche knuckle
oh
I wonder if that's kind of like douche nozzle you think douche knuckle I like it douche bucket
What about a tub of douche?
I already know this Rick Rick says Mike Smith is riding mine the burden of pre评ance if you haven't heard yet
See what the taby downs and I tell you before the show today Mike Smith is riding I looked it up
You did because Dave's calling you'd love it a clock
I want to know a little bit of something about this race now that I know that much about thoroughbred races and I don't pretend to
Even when we did that stuff. I got lucky there at Gulfstream. I picked like five winners out of 10 weeks
That wasn't too bad and a couple of seconds. Mm-hmm
Was fun you started out hot
They're started out really hot. I was like winning every week and then all of a sudden, you know, that's why it goes in racing. Yep
You go in streaks
Fleet told me Eddie Kay won 80 billion dollars at Gulfstream a few weeks ago. And that way you told me yeah, it was a lot
Went a lot of money good good guy Eddie Kaye
He got he was the first one to get screwed as I recall and the true story about Eddie Kay
Is that he offered to do the show for nothing just for the talent fee from his strip clubs and all his other sponsors
You know offered to work for free and fact Joe said bye-bye
buy Eddie Kay
Something like that
So the real Tom jicke writes
And his questions and answers I still think Tom makes these up which thanks very much Tom for making up questions
That have my name in the station and we like that we can use all the free policy we can get
Question I listen to a smattering of Neil Rogers and heard the axe spell on poor George Rodriguez
I hope he can land on his feet somewhere decent
It looks like WQM is trying to hasten Neil's exit slash retirement
So once the summer starts will they be programming best of shows or will they elevate one of the kids in the studio to be the next George
One of the are you one of the kids in the studio? I'm the white person in the studio
What I'm the only person in the studio. I'm sure that they're all down the street, huh?
Yeah, there's nobody about clearances he down the street
No, he's still here, but he's not coming in until like 11 he had a doctor's appointment. He's not coming until when 11 ish
Why not he had a doctor's appointment
Oh
Didn't he just get married? Yes, he did. Don't tell me somebody called something already
Anyway, so Tom jik is responsible to this person is I wrote in this spot Monday that the rumors of George's demise were not
Stick it took only a couple of days to be proven correct
WQM is cutting like crazy something that's an epidemic throughout the media
Neil swears there'll be no best of tapes during the summer
So it looks like the board operators will become on air personalities. Are you a board operator? I guess so
Neil will not be an easy as easy to run off as George was he reiterated on near what I wrote
They're not going to drive him to quit. That's right. I'm not walking out. It's just to make some of you idiots happy out there
Oh, if you supported George you'd walk out. Yeah, right. Yeah
As for George these are not good times to be job hunting to stay the obvious even in the best of times
There doesn't appear to be another station in the market where George would appear to be a good foots as Tommy jica
Well, thanks Tommy for the free publicity. Yeah, that's what the Joe Bell yesterday. He guaranteed no tapes
Oh, are you cereal? Oh, you made my day. He guaranteed no tapes. Oh take it to the bank
How come I don't hear anything? Oh, that's probably because the thing is on there we go
Had the button off. Yeah, I had the pot off
Now that George is here. We don't have as much pot as we used to
It's back on now
You knew some really interesting things with this 360, you know
To a plot
Anyway, somebody wrote this on their blog
FZ 2878 for there's all these blogs, you know
It says it was a sad day for South Florida radio today meaning yesterday when the listening community learned that the rumors had come to fruition
And George Rodriguez producer longtime sidekick for the Nierage show had been Schmidt can from five 60 WQI am Schmidt can't how do you like that wow
The
The subject of George's forced departure from the show had been surfacing so often that many listeners in the audience thought it was some kind of
Sticked to fill air time
What made even harder to believe was Niel's claim that Norma can't his attorney an agent had written in his contract giving Niel the right to choose his own producer
Apparently normal lived up to his name you fairy
If anyone should be fired or should be that as clown normal of course, even that would be too late to help George it says
Aside from producing the show George had one of the toughest jobs in radio filling in for Niel when he went on vacation or was sick from too much gut plunging at woodbine
I remember the first time I heard George filling in for Niel
I had the same negative reaction many people seem to have because I tuned in here Niel Rogers not some Niel Rogers want to be
But I quickly found what I liked most about George was that he never tried to be anything at all like Niel
He was always too to himself
In fact, at least on the year two people who worked so close together couldn't have been more different
And off the year true
The more I was exposed to the real George Rodriguez the more I realized his intelligence his ability to construct an argument whether he was
Pro or con and he subject with well thought out opinions with radio
It's hard to know what's rehearsed and what spontaneous
But that's one thing George and Niel have in common. They both make every delivery seem spontaneous and real that's because they are
They don't seem spontaneous and real they are we don't sit then the rehearse
Oh, what are we going to talk about what kind of contrived crap we're going to whip up today? You know who's going to be
fired today
Who's really on vacation? Yeah, and by the way George is not really on vacation. He's on a forced vacation
Says I don't know what the future has in store for George and in these times
I wouldn't wish that anyone lose their job especially not someone with a wife and kids
I do know he's a talented guy and hopefully someone else will soon appreciate that talent and put him back to work
I also know that he's a loss that his loss is soft Lord is lost
But that's business if he can call out the beastly broadcast group operates business
You seem to have a death wish for QA and with a weak signal a heartless GM who gives the name Jolly Jo Bell goes by the name
Bell has unleashed a recent wave of firing what little talent they have left in their lineup in the name of saving money
Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't you have to spend money to find and keep talent if you want to keep an audience?
What then George always predicted it's saying almost prophetically
If it's good they'll kill it if it sucks. They'll put it on the air or something like that how right he was now what he used to say was
If they like it, it's gonna suck and it's gonna fail is nobody always said you're correct
It says the real fake William s James longtime listener no time caller on some blog. Well, thanks William
And George thanks you profusely. I'm sure
So we had the George report at the beginning of the show will do that again. I'm sure on Monday. He'll be
Emailing okay, there's really good news from over the weekend. Although he's got that Jan Murray guy representing him. Oh my god
Well, it's I we take 44 points and then the agent takes 88 points and in my comment was well, what's the point
You're already taking all more salary than I'm gonna get and I'm not getting anything based on what he's telling me because he didn't have any job, you know
Hopefully he'll do better for George you think maybe
You think yes
Start thinking man if you're gonna be on this show. This is a thinking man show
Just ask me out there
On t-axe oh we're going out of business
It's April Fool's Day
So be on the lookout for saran wrap over the toilet fake vomit on your desk people with joy buzzers who want to shake your hand or phone
Colors asking if your refrigerator is running. Yes, you can be made a fool for a day
But at least you won't be these guys who are fools every day
Yeah, amen. How come I played that not sure that was operator error
I didn't really have any intention to play in that because it's not April Fool's Day and the thing with George is not an April Fool
I'm sure we got a whole bunch of people out there sitting waiting. Oh, well, we know just no he's coming back. This is all a big joke
Sure
Just like it was just stick everything's just stick yeah
Everybody is up to some game some trick, you know, and you know who thinks like that game players people who play games
They think everybody else is a game player the douse of 56 points
But we got stormy skies in the Midwest. That's what that marginal rob marciano says on CNN stormy skies in the Midwest
Fill in gainsville says is a long time listed years just your show on QA. I was said to her Georgia's firing
I think he did a great job filling in for you. He's very smart and funny. I enjoy this show
The station management is pathetic. That's correct, Phil
I wish George the best of luck in the future and hope another station picks him up sincerely fill him gainsville
Well did oh did oh we are second all those emotions
The fake time jica says Steve Lapis said he would reach out to George may not have much money to offer
But there might be a spot with Ron Hershey
interested in suds Coleman as well
Whatever happened to fat Chris with George gone will he come around? Well, what now? What does that mean with George gone?
Will he come around can you interpret that for me? I don't know
What I have no idea. Your your level is so freaking low. How about this? There you go. No, like I can hear you all right
Speak up man speak up. You don't have to like lurch in the background there just because George is fired
Whatever happened to fat Chris with George gone will he come around? I have no idea what that means. I don't know
Aren't you surprised they didn't offer fat Chris the job? No, he couldn't do the show
Is he going to be making any appearances with you during the course of the summertime of fat Chris?
I don't think so because he does the overnight so yeah, I don't see him hang around maybe
There was a little bit of food in the offing maybe on a Thursday. You know when we got the route
Although I'm going to be working Tuesday and Thursday, right
He could come in for some chow on a Thursday. Sure. We nice to have old fatso come around one more time, and yeah, he's always welcome
This guy Frank you P.S. Get rid of that blasted PC and get a Mac. I don't want a Mac. Okay. I do like macaroni and cheese mac and cheese that I like
I don't like Max. Yeah, you like a Mac? I like mac and cheese
Yeah, I have a Mac at home. It's okay, but it's really hard when you have to work with other people that have PCs
Mm-hmm just like those emails. I get there to like look like Chinese how roglyphics right like that one yesterday. Can't read them
Frank says long time listener big time slacker hard to catch your show with work
I brought you white hot with the sauce to the Zeta Studio years ago. Oh, yeah from Wayne Arnold those were the days man
Wayne still got the white hot
So George was fired question mark. Yes, when you said it 25 years ago on 976 Niel don't get into this business. I beg you
They'll step on you like a used piece of gum
Yeah, I had a deal going the years ago 976 Niel and trying to remember what station that was. I think it was INZ
I think Dave Ryder got me involved in that is he's still alive by the way Dave Ryder. Do you know him? No
former PD at INZ former radio guy. No, I don't
Anyway, I had a 976 Niel. I made a few bucks off it because I used to get paid by the call and I would like have a message on there for two minutes
And rant and rave about different things every day that went over like
That went over like
pork chops in televieve and I'm not not big
I
Can remember crap like this is frank, but now what I'm supposed to well. He's a talent. I'm sure he'll bounce back look at mr
Ego by the way, Bubba always gives you plugs. He reminds me of when you were on Zeta. I can't believe he isn't bearing Paul and young moron
Well, take care of yourself and enjoy Canada. Mime is a third world toilet. Thanks for over 30 years of laughter. I listen when I can
P. S. Get rid of that blasted PC and get a Mac no chance
My computer is just as fine as GI wine
Never tell you which one I got no
It's the pavilion slimline nice
Takes a very little space. It didn't it doesn't crash. It's just you know
I mean once in a great while something will happen, but not not because of the computer
Barbara says Niel radio is the only business where someone like fleas with zero top show experience can slide right into a prime
Position in a major market simply because he's cheaper and is palsy walsy with the boss. Are you palsy walsy with the boss palsy walsy? I don't know about that
Are you one of his bunk butt buddies?
Joe Bell should not be Joe Bell should be fired for not knowing that talent experience and results actually matter
He should also be fired for promoting his little buddy flea just because their friends and flea fleas work cheap
It's a slap in the face to hardworking professionals everywhere
Why not use this opportunity to give on air auditions to rational radio professionals?
He was out there when I tried Nicole Sandler Keith Van Allen
Seabass Jay Dick Farrell Jim DeFeedus might even be worth a laugh
Seabass is good. Just keep footy as far away as possible. Oh, we will. I worked with Seabass in Tampa
Who's that Seabass used to be the morning guy in Tampa not in rockin Tampa and then he came over here and did some things
I think a gator yeah, and now he's doing nothing, but he's he's he's talented. He's a good guy
If QA management is truly interested in success wouldn't it make sense to see what real talents available instead of just handing the game to a career
Near to well who happens to work cheap are you a career near to well? No, I think I've done actually okay my career
Please would never go for on air auditions because he's terrified of anyone with more talent than him
He's like a soli soliady
Okay, Alice of Mozart screw him Barbie from Tampa. That's me
What is that? So L.I.E. R.E. I don't even know what that is. I don't know soliary. Do you know what that is? No
Barbara I know you're in Tampa, but you're using words too big for me. Yeah
Neil I also listened to the other shows yesterday says chef Sparky big O and MD and neither gave reference to Georgia's departure
I thought mad dog would definitely comment especially when he began to point out all the firings in the heat organization yesterday
By the way old Paul says he disappointed in the old man and nobody fires his producers, but him
F Joe Bell and that loser clearance piece Neil. Yeah
Yeah, he's disappointed in me Paulie screw you Paulie
You hire George and pay him 80 million a year. Okay. I've been make me very happy. Although I wouldn't wish him working for you
How do you like that? Castor Nova all these people in the business who keep sticking their nose into my business and into the show
All these lemons all these klingons
George says I don't recall you calling Chris from FSU a creep however he did call me creepy
Just because he pronounced my last name correctly while I'm happy to contribute to your show. Oh, thanks
George streepy and you are creepy
More than a thousand GM dealers are the next to go everybody's getting fired everybody's closing down everybody's closing up going out of business
Oishmoid juice says George took a lick and he will keep on ticking
I didn't know George was like John Cameron Swaisy remember John Cameron Swaisy way before your time right yes
Is it yeah, he did the time X spots
They take a take a lick and keep on tick off. Okay, yeah, what I know him then yeah
He was the NBC news anchor when NBC news when the newscast were only 15 minutes. That's a hundred years ago
Can anybody believe that newscast only network newscast were 15 minutes
That's because they didn't do like 10 minutes on swine flu in 20 minutes on loss puppies and stuff like that and 40 minutes on miss california
Well, if I have to hear anymore about that crap
I'm so sick and tired of that bitch and I'm really sick and tired of mr. Komo for oh my god Donald chump yeah
And now it looks like that big thing he was building for Lauderdale's not gonna open it all with all those fancy schmancy condos now
Nobody can buy him nobody's got any money
That's what's going on here they build all these condos downtown and they're not finishing the buildings because nobody's got any money to buy him they can't find anymore russians
Neil George took a look at it. We'll keep on tick and George had experience that'll take years for his replacement to learn to hear that yep
As for those Yahoo's who want you to quit your paying gig to support George they should quit their jobs and meet at the unemployment office and blow their brains out
Only schmucks tell others to do something that they would never do that's right
Can you play over fine for George oh we're fine no thanks Neil hang in there your bonus checkers in the mail minus administration fees says oh shmoi jiu thanks oh shmoi
Salieri was arrival the Mozart depicted in the film amadeus
F. Murray Abraham played Salieri. I don't know who that is I didn't watch that movie anyway. I don't care about Mozart Beethoven
Look at this this one says calling Joe Bell aduci nozzle maybe a discredit to the nozzle that actually has a usable function excellent point very good well done
Better watch it. I'll start stalking you now
Please parents say yo mr. Rogers. Thank you for firing George and letting our son work with you
We know that someday he'll take over for your your job because all of his contacts in the business. Thank you
Please parents wow my parents are dead. So that's kind of creepy are your parents dead. Yeah, that's in bad taste then yeah a little bit mine too
Your parents are dead yeah
You're not that old are you no my dad died when I was 19 wow yeah and mom she died about three years ago wow mine too
This stuff happens you know it's part of life yep
You'll do you get the more dead people that you got around you well my dad smoked for like 40 years
Oh boy yeah
Heavy duty smokers man they wind up croaking fast. Oh, yeah, my mom pulled an L that she had a heart attack on a toilet
She had a heart attack on the toilet yep holy moly
But she wasn't she didn't have the heart attack because she had all them drugs in her system like Elvis
No, but she had a lot of vodka in her system and a lot of nicotine she had a lot of vodka in her system
She was drunk on the toilet a chain smoker and hardcore alcohol. Oh, not a good combination. No, she's sleeps with the fishes. Yeah
Well, you're insensitive the way you talk about
What can you do? I mean, you know they die people die. Yeah, but it's the way you're talking about it though
Not the fact that they died, but just the way you described it well when you grew up in a alcoholic home for you know
Your whole life you tend to get a little jaded and bitter. Oh my god. You grew up in an alcoholic home. Oh god. It was horrible. Yeah
Boy
So I guess you're not much of a drinker. Oh, yeah, I drink do you did not a good idea probably not
Is flee a job is a flee a bell buddy
Kenny Graemer asked of course he didn't say yesterday that he saw some of the emails Joe Bell's been getting
He actually read them. I don't think Joe Bell would let just anybody look at his email to you see that
This is a suggestion from Kenny Graemer that you're you're on the inside. He showed me the email
He did show it. He printed it out and showed it to me. It's not like I'm reading his emails like I'm going through his email
And why did he do that? Why would he show you an email?
There was the one that called him a deep novel. I've been through the break because Dave Johnson is calling it 11
Okay, not that we don't care about the email but another one
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Okay, it's 11 o'clock. I bet you that phone is going to ring any second
You think I think so
Here's one that says if Randy Rhodes can come back twice after being fired so can George's mark and coconut cream
Thanks, Mark and don't forget you're in
And look at that you know the ancient Egyptians used to set the sundial by Dave Johnson's phone call. That's how prompt he is
Isn't that true Dave?
That's funny as a good line Neil
Look outside here comes regal ransom Dave Johnson's choice in the derby
Would you pick I picked the horse that got scratched. Oh well, that's better than mine
How did the store get scratch you get your money back? How did the bird or swim?
You know, that's an excellent question and by the way, can now that he's won two derby's can somebody buy Calvin Varelson teeth please
Please
Please what is his story he's strange?
Well, he's a very
likable guy, but he he
He went to the great Neil. I mean, you know, he's I don't think he can read or write it
But he's you know, he's just a horseman and I mean god love him
He's a soldier of your man. He's a cage on
Yeah, yeah, and you know a little known fact because everybody thinks he's an old
Coot you know what he is and Mike Smith who's gonna be writing that horse in the preekness tomorrow is older is he your older than Calvin Varels?
Is he really yeah
That now that's a good that's a good to factoid. I like that you didn't even know that I didn't know that
I know actually I actually gave Dave Johnson some fairly useless information about the preekness
That's why I'll use it on my serious radio broadcast tomorrow. You can bet on that
So that happened to regal ransom he didn't run a lick didn't he?
needed to freeze and fire and
How's that picked for a second? Oh finished second
But you had pioneer the Nile pioneer the Nile I picked him for second. You know, I thought at the top of the stretch plan
Bafford was gonna get another derby with pride. He's good at bringing horses up for the big race, isn't he?
Now, I don't want to knock our mutual friend Tom Dirkin, but I will say this that through the stretch run
I don't think he called mine that bird more than right rather than the last 16th of a mile
He didn't see him. He lost him. What but I have a theory and I did talk with Tom about this
He called me a couple days ago
when you're looking at a field through the binoculars you really only have two or three horses or a few horses in the front
and and it happened to me
Fortunately, it didn't happen in the derby
But you you have those three or four horses that are battling in your field of view in the binoculars
And you don't see things that come on the inside of the outside and that's what happened
He was looking back, but he wasn't looking to the rail one of the strangest things I've ever seen was the overhead view
Which I'm sure you've seen it a hundred times of that race and watching it and it looked like little bugs moving through
You know, I'm saying it looked like a bug along the rail moving through and opening and then just zoomed by the rest of which which to me
The only thing that said was the rest of the field is really garbage that that's what it told me
That horse passed he passed 18 horses in 18 seconds right time it
It's I mean, I've never seen a move like that in my life
Which I was in the derby faster they were standing still
You know, maybe he just like I get I guess this horse love to be taken way back
Which has never happened before and he loves the inside and Calvin does like the rail and I guess you put it all together
But I don't think it can happen again though. I certainly don't think it won the preekness to you
No, I really don't I'm I'm picking Rachel Alexandra. I hate to go with the chalk, but I think she's just
Phenomenal oh she is she's and she would have beaten the boys in the derby had they run her instead of the
In the derby she would have she would have beaten mine that bird by ten legs. I'm sure of it. Yeah, I am too
Yeah, I mean she ran a huge number on all the sheets and the and the buyers and the and the
Therographs and the raggazans and all that I mean there's so much better than the than mine at bird. Yeah
But so then the question is so we both think that she's the most likely winner who who's gonna be second?
Musket man. Oh, okay. That's a good. That's a good choice and you get a good price really
Yeah, I'm gonna give region fire another shot for a second. What about just big drama the horse on the rail
Any thought big drama? Yeah, the horse on the rail
Here's what I say save the drama for your mama. That's what I said
In addition to which isn't big drama a speed horse from runner. Yes, he'll never outrun racial Alexander well
They took they took blinkers off so they're they're not looking for him to to be in a speed duel with with her
They just wanted him to be close so human by open lengths I think I think so too
You know the only the only reservation I have is that when you get a filly running in one of the triple crown races
It brings back horrible memories to me of ruffian and foolish pleasure in that ill advised match race
Well, it was only a advised after she broke down. Yeah
I mean it was it was a I was the tracking answer that day and
You mean that crowd was just they that was like the old time
You know people really got involved in that contest. It was only you know, it was ill advised only after she broke down
Yeah, I mean that's a terrible terrible. She was she was such a phenomenal filly
She was something did you see the espn?
Movie of her no, it's really good
Uh, they they did a very nice job. I think is it sam shepherd that plays um I think sam shepherd that plays um
Uh, Frank whiteley and it was it was amazing it. I thought it was him. I thought it was actually footage of him
It's a very good show. I'll have to catch it somewhere. I'll find it. Okay. So who you picking for a second?
You're going with me on racial Alexander. I do. I think she's the best but she's certainly not better
I mean you can't bet the way you have to play an exact that's the way to do it. I'll go with preez and fire
For a second and and big drama would complete. I'm gonna bet a six dollar a dollar exact the box for six parts
That's that's all I'm betting on the race
Can you handle it? I'd buy two of two hundred and forty dollars where the tri trifecta tickets on the derby
I was really I wasn't even close
See if it would have been me if I would have been thinking which I wasn't
Mind that bird of course was the wood buying horse
You're a red border. You know what that is? Oh what?
Somebody that after the fact says I should have had this be called. Oh yeah
Well, I had a friend when I was in college I had a friend in Detroit
We used to go to Hazel Park all the time. He had the winner after every race
There was never one race that he didn't have the winner after the race. Yeah, I told you I told you you know like that
No, seriously mind that bird the only way you could like that horse was off its wood buying races was just dynamite here
Are you in Canada? Yes, I'm in Toronto. Oh, okay
Now what about shantel Sutherland? She said she was promised the mount on that horse
Um, I understand they tried to get
She wrote the horse here and he turned them down
Yeah, she wrote the horse here mind that bird for the old owners right where did they buy this horse at a wall mort
Well, that's bad. That's a shot. Where did they get him? I think Calvin, Barrel was at Walmart
Somebody said he had feet that looked like deer feet. Maybe that's how he wanted one
Listen now you got a few bucks left over from the days when you were really working. How about buying him some teeth? Come on
They've also been saying
Isn't it embarrassing my brother's got an extra set? I think maybe she could send him her
Her extra set and wouldn't it be something if he winds up winning this race tomorrow? That would be like three triple crown races in
Two years, right? You mean if Calvin wins it right? What if Mike Smith wins it on mine that bird
Well, let's face it if we have to choose who's the better jockey is there any question
Not in my mind no Mike Smith is far superior jockey to Calvin Barrel with all the respect to Calvin
You know, he wrote a great race in the durby and saved all the ground in yaddy-yaddy, but he's no Mike Smith
I agree and and he's really a year older
Yeah, Mike Smith is was born in 65 and Barrel in 66
And we were working back then too. Why aren't we?
I certainly was we were living and breathing back then now. We're just like an oxygen
I'll share the chew with you. How do you like that?
Okay, four hands went away
Very bad news that you'll be dismayed about my close personal friend in years to George Rodriguez who's produced this show for 19 years. They can't
him on Wednesday
Oh, that's that's terrible cost-cutting everything is cost-cutting now everybody's getting canned everybody's getting blown out
Even if they're making just a few bucks everybody gets canned. Oh, Neil. That's terrible news. It is
Oh, wow. Sorry to ruin your day
I mean, he's you know, he's been our the link that's gotten us together for all these years 19 years. Oh, that's just awful
Yeah, he'll be okay. Was it a surprise? No, they they were leaking it for a long time
They were like taunting and tantalizing and leaking and I did everything I could to prevent it
You know this business these are grave robbers these people
It's just that's terrible
So if you hit something big tomorrow on the appreacnus since George 50 bucks. I hope he I hope he lands
He's very talented producer and he should have done his big guy. Yeah, a great guy
Well, they have good luck tomorrow. I hope you catch a big ticket. I hope you do too and let's talk before the bell month
We'll do it. All right, George
Neil say hi to George and give him my best. I'm I'm shook up about this. I'll do it. All right. Thanks to take care
Okay, Steven Dave Johnson's a shook up because he and George can be a confabulated for like I said almost 20 years. Yeah
Very jackass right so you know very I hate to tell you I don't care about the Tom don't like us
I don't care about all these other marginal people you keep wasting my email space about
Mark Hawkman is the creative force behind the Dan LaBaster chewy rights
He's the best radio producer in software. It is a big fan of your show
You know what my comment to that is?
and
So
And he's a big fan of your show so are a lot of people in the business right
So what does that prove you know Mark Hawkman right? Yes, I did
I'm gonna be doing a choice by the way during the break. So if I don't get back on time just so you know
Okay, let me play it now
We're going out of business
I have bad feelings about that whole thing. I like that little solstice that's downstairs in the garage. Yeah
And I like my cut. Let's see. No, the cutlass was an automobile
Pontiac
Grand Prix I had a nice grand prix a long time ago 100 years ago
Pontiac made a fine card. There was nothing wrong with Pontiac right? Yeah, I don't think I
I never owned one but I had friends that had the transams and stuff like that and they like them
Yeah, what's what's not to like? I
All
Although it went once you've driven a Corvette once you start driving Corvettes
You don't want to drive anything else really that that's me. I mean, I'm just speaking for myself once you
I've driven Corvettes for 22 years
Wow, and I'm just spoiled. I just love them and there's nothing like having that power onto your foot and smooth ride
It's like having a really super fast Cadillac
Mark Hawkman is the creative force behind the Dan LaBaster show true
So Dave Johnson likes Rachel Alexandra and for second he picked Freason fire and for turd he picked the big drama
Save the drama for your mama. Oh, not yours
Oh
I've been kitchen
He did
On the side and we jump in the
We got it on
I was cheating
He's got a horny heart
But
Everybody's got a hole
Wow
1116 at 560 WQ AM so Dave Johnson was on with us again and we'll be talking to you before the bell mountain a couple weeks three weeks
Don't you find that annoying that they have two weeks between the Derby and the pregness and then three weeks between the pregness and the bell mom
Yeah, why is that?
Wow, that's because they figure you know thoroughbreds are so fragile
They don't want to run them like too often too close together the big races. Yeah, thoroughbreds are like China dolls
If you look at him cross-eyed they fall down and like die, you know
I think Rachel Alexandra will absolutely demolish the field of marble because I think that it is usual
It's a very mediocre crap a three-year-old males
That's what I'm thinking
Although mine that turret might be just as good as we saw in that race who the hell knows
They was legitimately really shaken when I told him about George. He sure was
He was a shaken and quaken and so are we of course, but what the hell, you know
Andre says F Joe Bell go to hell. We're gonna miss you George Uncle Neil dam. It's a sad week
I've been listening for about six years when I started driving a work my uncle Charlie's been listening for about
15 plus years
When I heard the both of you it was great. I was hooked the chemistry you and George had with all the swill you dealt with with these idiotic
Absolutely incredible
The product that you and George delivered to the public on an everyday basis is the best in the business
George is not replaceable. See you have a tough job young man. No doubt. That's what he says young man
What happened this week is very sad and shows how professional these people you call management act like Fidel
Joe Bell and do whatever they want to keep the regime alive and the good people down come and east is
George, we will miss you
Homey and follow you wherever you go good luck always listening online in my desk and raise aka Drey
PS what happened to the Mickey bits no more. I love the Mickey bits
You do yeah, I'm tired of the Mickey bits. I'll just play ice nerd that that's enough for right now
They got old man. Yeah, they got old. There's only a limited number of them just a few
Unlike the Chris Matthews bits which you can never hear too much
Here's a cute one. Here's a cute one. It says clearance seems to be spending a lot of time at the doctors
The Z. O. K. I'm very worried about his health
That's cute. Did you say clearance was at the doctor today? Yes, maybe he's pregnant
It could be because I told him a long time ago to go
himself and maybe he did maybe it worked we can only hope
You can only hope clearance is pergling wouldn't that be something
Documentary film goes after closet gay politicians makes times about Charlie Chris's if we don't know this but nevertheless
This is interesting
The new documentary film that hits the big screen in South Florida Friday meaning today
Exposes what the director sees as a significant menace to gays and lesbians one at least the discrimination even death
The culprit according to the director closeted gay politicians so worried about their careers
They act in ways that hurt the very people who share their sexual orientation
It's a provocative theory and director Kirby dick a massive evidence as well as a dose of supposition video clips and liberal usage of dramatic music
Convince viewers. I haven't seen it yet. No
outrage
I hope that it helps to advance the cause of gay rights in the country because I think gay rights struggle is the most important human rights issue in the country this time
Dick said in the telephone interview this week. I hope it leads to the demise of the closet the worst villains in the firm in the film Republicans
Dick said he focused heavily on Republicans because of that party's decision to vilify millions of gay and lesbian citizens in order to increase their power
He also said the phenomenon of a lot closet a gay officials voting against gay people isn't as prevalent in the Democratic party
The 90-minute movie which is not rated open a week ago in California New York Philadelphia and Washington DC and
Begins runs and for Lauderdale on Seattle today
For Floridians the most sensational element of the film is its focus on governor Charlie Christ gay
Who announced this week he's seeking the Republican nomination for US Senate next year
The film gives the impression that Chris is a closeted gay politician
Which he is despite inclusion of the governor's denial that he's gay
Dick doesn't offer proof
Rather the film relies heavily on statements of people including two are shown only in dramatic silhouette
Who say they heard claims of two men who supposedly had relationships with Christ a Charlie
By juxtaposing video dates other information and applies Christ desire to get selected as John McCain's vice president as a candidate in 2008
Influenced his decision to announce his engagement and get married last year no kidding
It also offers criticism of the mainstream news media for ignoring what the filmmaker regards is important news about Christ
That most mainstream news organizations will require much more proof what what then what they're coffers as you hear them coming to get me out there
They're coming to get governor Chris take Charlie. Yeah
Dick defended the sourcing on Chris. It's hard to be a hundred percent certain obviously in these situations
Not only these people shown in the film, but we did a fair amount of research over good period of time
There were additional off the record sources as well and we're who we're helping to confirm this
Dick said he decided to make Chris a central focus after the governor came out in favor of last year's amendment that added
To the states existing law banning gay marriage to the Florida Constitution
If he'd come out of posing and I think a strong case could be made that this amendment would have been defeated he said
Ron Mills before lottery all the Democratic congressman area leader for the brown Democratic party and campaign director
The Florida gay lesbian bisexual transessor democratic caucus transgender said the film put too much Charlie Christ in there
I think it's just because of where he's at in his career mill said it was too heavy on Charlie Christ especially at the end
It's almost like they know where he is arising star. So let's go shoot him down
Dick said the release schedule was set weeks ago
It's simply coincidence the film opens in for lottery three days after Chris announced his Senate candidacy
The film is in no way meant to impact Chris Senate campaign. He said
Aaron Isaac the governor's communication director said she'd read about the film had no comment
She did say she looked at the governor and went you ferry
Chris Republican primary opponent Marco Rubio said he didn't know anything about the movie and doesn't want to
That's all disgusting stuff man
I'm not into that kind of politics at all. I knew we want to talk about it. I don't want to hear about it
I don't want anything to do with that stuff. I think it has no place in political discourse Rubio said
I'm not into that that stuff has no place in American political discourse
None whatsoever none although he did look over his shoulder and go you fare like that
Mills the Democrat and Benjamin Lewis afforded a Republican committeeman advice president of law cabinet Republicans have vowed
Watch an advanced copy of the movie this week at the Sun Sentinels invitation both said they didn't learn anything new
Overall, it's nothing I haven't heard before it seemed to be a conglomeration of years of brief newscast put into one film
What I pay to see it there's no way Louis said it's nothing more than a rerun
It's like watching the golden girls for the 30th time and getting the same episode over and over and over again
Well now that the Arthur's dead maybe a governor Chris could be one of the golden girls. What do you think he's already grand up?
Hey Charlie you fairy
Nick said the general public feels differently
If you're in politics and you follow politics very closely
You may know a lot of the politicians I report about he said but the vast majority of people who see the film feel it
Revolutory revelatory
revealing why couldn't he just say revealing
They're not aware that these politicians are closeted and are voting against
Etc. And they're not even aware of the systemic damage the closet does
Dick 56 is married straight father of two outrageous is nine feature length documentary his twisted faith
About sexual abuse by members of the clergy was nominated for an Academy Award. How do you like that? Huh?
Kirby dick
How's the market doing today if you're taking a puke at it? It's been up and down. I don't care. I don't care
It's just a rhetorical question. Okay
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. It's all I can say. How's the pull coming with George
409 votes on the pool boy a lot of votes and a lot of emails on there
Oh my god, Barry Jackass, you know, Barry you're just you're annoying you're really annoying the fake one whoever this is
What's your take on George getting fired? I'm pissed off 163. I'm not happy about it 104
Jobelle is the anti-Christ Elantichristos 72 good riddance 42. I don't care 28 409 votes
Overwhelming their pissed off and fired up
Dave Jones is coming with them all
Oh
Am I barstore does something that's real cool
Am I barstore was a lot more
Am I barstore for the real door
Hey
Nothing
Yeah
Am I
So all ain't for the street. Yeah
Am I barstore
Barstomrighty. Yeah
Am I
So throwing it to high now
Am I
So gotta do you right now
Come on take a little trip
Take a little trip
Take a little trip to
Yeah
Guys are quick guys now and quick need the money from base
60 WDQ AM
Pete the chronics is to play spots by George WQM blows and Josh Dar was the anti-Christ
Wait, I thought Joe Bell was the anti-Christ
Well, there's a lot of anti-Christ running around. Okay
First key says are they seriously gonna still run spots that George did that's just mean
No, it's not just mean they just want the money they don't care
I wonder if George is gonna get the talent fee. What do you think? No
No
That happens all the time in this business people get canned and just like when we're nearly got blown out at IOD
They were still playing spots with his voice for months. Yeah, I told him to change it yesterday, but and what are they saying? Well, I played
Why it played?
So they said screw you pretty much. I thought you had some cloud in that place
Nah, it's dwindling as we speak that's cuz you're on this show. That's cuz you're associated with me
Yes
Anybody associated with me in that building is immediately on the Schmidt list
Here's one with a phone number it said then they sent me this I don't know how many times and I don't usually don't read the ones with just a phone number
Make up a phony name, okay
Neil I'm sorry to hear about George
He's a good person in town in his own right. It seems the good people always get Schmidt on that's correct
The good people are the ones that get screwed over to get the shiv in the back. Oh, here's a cute one Don McNuff
You screwed George Riley you drew back to yeah, I did it. That's right. I did it
Moron
Simpled in imbasille as clown
Jeff and Kendall says according to all racing.com
All horse racing.com in the
2007 faceting facing tipped in auger Kentucky October yearling sale
Uh, Dave Cody bought mine that bird for 95 hundred bucks
Yeah, that's what Dave Johnson was talking about bargain basement. That's what he was trying to allude to so no
They did not buy the horse at Walmart. I don't think they even sell hearts horses at Walmart
He says and they says haha like that Jeff and Kendall
Dave was just alluding to the fact that it was a very cheap purchase and one of Kentucky Derby
That's what he was saying
Got it. Yes
Here's one from Alejandro says I think you should let flea play his favorite bits
How you gonna play your favorite bits? You have no computer there. No
Monday now they move the DCS down to the other building they're going to yes. They're going to yes
Oh
You better not walk in there on Monday morning just holding your in your hands. You know what I mean? It's possible
Rob from ijami beat says our
So was it really jolly joe's called a fair Georgia or they're higher up muckety mucks making the decisions of squeeze uncle neal neal
They're making decision who the hell knows what do you think
You think it was a corporate decision or jolly joe. I think it was a combination
I think corporate said you need to cut x amount of dollars and he took it from there
The fake two eight rentals says bill marshal told me you lost your sidekick producer George
I will put a good word out to steve lapa at 850 wftl my w o r show runs from midnight till 5 a.m
Oh god steve lapa
Joyce Kaufman may be looking for a flunky producer sidekick this George have any technical skills?
Yes does he have a good client guest list? I'm sure he does
The fake two eight rentals oh
Well if George's future relies on the fake this one and the fake that one. We got real surrogate. Yeah, we got real problems
Fake jobs from fake people about fake stations like wftl steve lapa
I mean steve lapas as far from the radio business is almost anyone I can think of other than beeslees
Tracy and kendals says I'd like to express my sadness regarding George's firing
It wasn't a surprise due to the buildup this week, but it was such a letdown to face the reality of this travesty yesterday
I've been listening to you since the wwld days and this change has created an awkward void for me
As much of a nelia's I am I consider this a day by day probationary period
I'm not sure if I'm going to remain a listener or not. Oh boy
George's firing even made dinner conversation last night like we were discussing a family friend and weren't we?
Friends entertain and lighten and then they are there for you when you need them just as George was
Upon hearing the news my husband's first response was they're trying to get kneeled equipped
Uncle nea whatever happens don't quit a retire stay there till that station crumbles around you
Thank you George for everything will be dearly missed Tracy and kendal
Wasn't that something Tracy says don't quit whatever happens, but then on the other hand she says she doesn't know whether she'll be listening or not
Sounds like a real backhanded lukewarm endorsement to make Tracy of all people wow
That is shocking isn't it a little bit like a slap in my ugly push
Diannes is I have to say that after listening to the show yesterday is eminently clear what you've always claimed about the South Florida audience
They are simple dins only like to complain and critique that is correct
Joe Bell fits right in
It's very easy to sit on the side of the radio and ask that both you and flea make sacrifices on your personal lives
And then come in order to show support for George. Yeah, I think you ought to take every damn their pain you flea and they'll give it to George
It's less than he was making before what it's less than when he was making before
The best support you can give him is to continue to produce a quality show and bring to our attention the atrocious behavior of companies
Such as the one that employs you
And danger in your livelihood is a responsible. I'm certain you can't afford it. That's correct. Who can in these times
George knows there is nothing no anyone could have done a safeguard his job
This was well planned and executed by Joe Bell that coward worse than a coward. He's displayed no business acumen and certainly no common sense
It doesn't take a genius to understand the near Roger show is the cash cow of QIM
I'm certain that any good executive would find other ways to trim the fat in that station and keep the one thing that brings them money running
Another display of poor management by Joe Bell is allowing his personal feelings about somebody. This rupt his business priorities
He's a jackass
Thank you for the great entertainment. Please keep it up. There's a special hell awaiting
Special place in hell awaiting that monkey called Joe Bell says Diana. Well, at least Diana is going to keep listening unlike Tracy who's not sure
Tracy
I'm just wounded. I'm bleeding. I feel like Jesus
My hands are bleeding
Even my recto is bleeding. I'm any any minute. I may start that using Joe Bell diarrhea
Is he got it yet or what one can only pray one can only hope I do have in the other room something somebody sent me
I think chicken excited to me. It's a voodoo doll
Oh, and so I'm going to name it the Joe Bell voodoo doll. I'm going to stick pins in it all weekend
voodoo doll
So that maybe that oozing nasty unstoppable bloody diarrhea could start in joebell's fat. Bratum
genuine antique person says love your show your topics are sometimes off the wall you hear the sirens coming again to get jolly joe for that
Bloody diary. I'm worried about his health to be honest with you sure
Your topics are sometimes off the wall entertaining
But most of all I'm really entertained by the level of stupidity and emails and comments you receive from some of listeners
I sit here and shake my head and wonder how some of these people made it through life
Sorry to hear about George, but that's the radio business
There used to be a thing called job security, but that doesn't exist anymore. That's correct
It's the thing of the past. I'm sure George will pick himself up dust himself off and move on to better things
Good luck to flee in his new job. He has big shoes to fill regards somebody
Good no name regards genuine antique person
I mean can't people like even make up a name wouldn't that be good like
Like oishmoijure. Yeah, high-meat schmendrick or something like that if you don't have a name just make one out
You're listening to me. I did
It's Friday you bastard
Read down. Shout where the mudwems go with the hang from trees and play banjo
You got some old a station on newfangold rating. Oh, oh now
Carre line that goes
Rallys of big city. You know, and that's where the beesleaves had to go for jolly Riley Jones. Oh my god
One who Jim
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend then quickly walk away
They had Joe go to five six oh with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
Play means for full most an order and control
And then so
Dolly Rolly Joe of a dealer and in the know he let's move go
And here's what blows his guilty his own show
You make a big change
And real rate
It's worse for the same
He hasn't done a thing
For what goes on the air at two Joe don't have us think include about a four
Not bad essentially blow for all radio
The GM of
Five six oh
Charlie Rolly Joe
Sixteen to noon at five sixteen WQM boy they show us sure is zoom in right along ain't it zoom in is it yeah not bad
Already had our call with Dave Johnson who was like an out of body experience. He seems like a great guy. He is a good guy
We've been we've been doing those shows though the show is they're not shows, but I mean those phoneers for forever
This is gotta be the 12 year on this station and several years and I would be it's gotta be at least 20 years that we've been
Confabulating before the triple crown races on the air
20 years like a lifetime
A concern to Julio and Kendall says I'm gonna listen more now that George got Schmidt can reading a message thrilling roller skating talk though
Little shot a little bit
Beast or quarter should be your sidekick not flea shot at you too
Wow just like that
Concerned Julio and Kendall yeah
Stephen dearfield says I heard you talking last week about maybe updating your website
George said it was fine. Sorry, but it sucks
It's hard to read with all the long scrolling pictures way outdated have been up there forever
And when George said it was fine. I knew what management met about him sounds like he was lazy
George had nothing to do with the website. That's not his job. It never was and never would have been
Erick is the one who said he was gonna like read did it
And get rid of a lot of the old crap on here. That's when he moves the thing over to another machine
Which I don't know when that's gonna be
Should be my biggest problem the website
It says unless they laid off other people which they I mean this this guy is he like out of touch with reality on his station
Unless they laid off other people saving 70k was the real reason he got fired. He just plain sucked
Sorry, I think your friendship with him may have clouded your judgment on his talent or lack their role
Wow, I love your show loyal every day. Let's just since 92 Stephen dearfield beach
Well, there's like a real backhanded who knows what you say? Well a George the dot suck and be there's a laundry list of people that are no longer here
That that's right
So his the cutting his salary was just one of many many many including the late Ken Walden who died shortly thereafter
But other than that Steve
Steve is obviously an expert on the stuff that's going on here not totally out of touch
478 votes on the pool
Here's one with a phone number
Oh, isn't this cute forget about George for a minute can you spot me a couple of bucks?
I'm gonna jam this is Rodriguez is that cute?
Oh
Ask clown so many of them and so little time so many goofballs
Here's one with a phone number one who know what type of show flea bag is gonna have when he was out
If I don't not hear a word about sports 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Must must must something
I don't know what that means just and just ended just trailed off 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Must
Must I guess have no sports I guess you're not gonna be doing sports are you no not really no
How about those Carolina Hurricanes huh?
Yeah, so they play who now?
They play the penguins wow that'll be good and Detroit plays the black hawks. Oh, that's a good matchup
Mulder says it's a shame that some sub level porks use for a person such as Joe Bell can rarely screw a good guy like George
Flea is doing a good job so far
I think he has a good radio voice just hope the show can survive good luck guys as mother. It just hope the show can survive
I think I'll survive now. I want to just find out from you since you're the expert on these new ratings on this new thing that we can't talk about
Okay
Now is this gonna be like a standalone month in other words
It's not gonna be like like lumped in with the previous two trends. It'll be April
It'll just be the month of April correct
Not combined with February and March no just April wow
And when's it coming out next week Thursday? Oh
The pressure are you kidding me
You're in coconut creaks as just an observation when you asked for a yesterday
When if if he knew anything about the rumors about you being on the chopping block next
He hesitated on his answer back to you
Like I said just an observation
But usually when an answer is a little hesitant like Flea's was I would be wary
Nothing personal against Flea. I think jackass Joe must have been a supervisor for the post office at one time
I guess he didn't realize if he get rid of the employees at the station
You won't have a job himself wouldn't that be great? What a jackass is gearing coconut creak jackass
It's certainly better than some of the words that what's his name from F is you called him yeah
So that really happened was there really an exchange of emails of hostile angry emails? I guess so why I don't know
I would think that Joe would have you know more things to take care of than worrying about that this kid
Yeah, I'm of a major market of three major market radio stations
Especially when we're in the middle of the move to down the street right would have more important and pressing things to do them
Then getting into a ping contest with the anonymous listeners out there with silly emails. Yeah college kid at that
They're college code
You know
Net and Miami Beach is glad to see that since George is gone you've gone back to doing full-time interviews every day. Oh, yeah
I like the horse guy every Friday
The show is much better and more interesting when you have guests on I look forward to hearing interviews every day
Well, guess what Ned you won't
Well, you won't you'll hear Dave Johnson three times a year before the Derby preckness in the Belmont and that's it
That's the only guest we have on a show period. I look forward to hearing interviews if you want to hear boring interviews
Tune in all the sports shows you're all the interviews you want and all the same people over and over and over again
I
Are you knocking? I will win back now you better watch yourself a little bit
He's a seriously favored with the inside management people here. I guess so he's on every show except for this one
He's on every show every day except this damn show and he was threatening to be on this show
Steven Jersey says sorry to hear about George you guys made a unique team for many years
George was always reserved when with you and on fire when hosting by himself. We will miss him
As to those pinheads running around with their heads cut off either threatening to stop listening or accusing you
They obviously don't know what times we live in
I got whacked from a company with 25 years under my belt at a hell of a job
They reorganized the company buy buy donut the Hodor hit you etc. Welcome to the club George. It's big and getting bigger every day
Have liked flea but not a George's expense will continue to listen on the net now ordering the McDouble still holding the cheese
Good luck George. Steve in Jersey. He holds he orders the double cheeseburger with no cheese to save a couple of cents
And he's out he's out of work so I can understand that sure. I still don't like it but I can understand it
Talk about
Spare some change mister. Yeah, I'd rather have extra cheese
Yeah, me too
Double cheeseburger hold the cheese. I mean what what is that
That's like spaghetti and meatballs hold the balls. Yeah, I don't get that
Here's one says Neil just tune in and heard George was fired. What was the reason he was let go money money honey
As a listener in Georgia former Miami listener. I'm not happy about this George was always very nice to me when I called in
Tell him to keep his head up and keep his informed. Thanks Neil George was nice to everybody
Yeah, that's right man. He's a good guy
people like him
And people are gonna miss him they already miss him badly and so do I but nevertheless
I'm getting paid to show up here every day and do the best I can under it usually impossible circumstances at least that hasn't changed
One thing about this outfit man this current regime. They sure don't make it any easier for you
Yeah, as many throw as many roadblocks in your ways they possibly can and they're good at it
It's about to do anything they're good at
Michael says the same people always take the blame for the scrupes of management
It's like newspapers a lot of trouble because of the economy
But a lot of have problems because of the takeovers takeovers a few years ago that burned a lot of these people with huge debt
But a beat but a boop whatever that means clear channel
Scott and panelists park says do not quit if they fire you they have to pay your whole contract. That's right
I'd start by using the good words such as oh, I see ass blank douche blank and gd. Oh, sure
I know you had that non-compete from w.w.w.w. When you got F-dover by buddy bud looks like his quote of six months from now
People be saying Neil who blew up in his face
Boy Gregor really did well didn't he? Yeah
Give that ass clown joe well on the d-bag joys see that's all I got to do is start giving them an excuse to fire me
And I'll be going in two minutes above all it says dump normal can
Yeah, go on here and start this blurting out a few abandoned words. Yeah, that's good
Jimmy says that Steve is a DB
Now there's another call in each other names
Here's Tyson who's a real idiot. Why are the Panthers not bringing back to these potpan gildey sucks bring back the rimmeister
Can you say for old times sake Whitney has a pair?
Oh boy yet the panthers fired somebody to one of their announcers Denise potpan. Yeah, dumb frog long overdue
He had had nothing all he did was talk papa boy rumored hated him like poison and still does
Papa Papa Papa never shuts up. I never says anything. He has no insight to the broadcast
Just a real lumbix another dumb ex-jock Denise potpan
Won't hear him and of course there's another cuss cutting
Cost cutting move whatever I just said. Yeah, even though they denied it
Well if it wasn't wouldn't they replace them with someone
Right, that's that's correct
Well, they did replace it with Bill Lindsay, but he's just moving over from the radio booth
So they're cutting from four people down to three right that means Mueller be by himself. That'll be great
Oh, I can't be molar. Oh hop shelf where a grandma kept the cookies
The
The idea of him stealing lines from Rick generate and Mike Lang is so obnoxious and so disgusting
Only in South Florida could some clown get away with that and then and then be a complimented for it
By those jerks across the street. Oh, we're giving them all these great line great broadcasters don't need the audience to give them
lines and the drop-ins and stuff saying
Can you even begin to imagine no the great broadcasters like Bob Prince etc
Like if someone had gave a
Harry Carey holy cow. Oh, yeah
Or Bob Prince kiss it goodbye
Bob Prince was the greatest baseball announcer by so far. I mean he was so great
Remember Bob Prince no, you don't know never heard now. Where where did you you oh you were up in Tampa
You wouldn't heard KDK. No
They're not
So one thing about living in Florida see that's that's one of the sad things about people lived in Florida most of them unless they're
Transpited Northern or Midwesterners. They never really heard the great radio stations
77 wabc in all those wls cklw kmo x st. Louis
All of those kdk and Pittsburgh wbc in Boston
Wwva and wheeling west Virginia, which wasn't a great radio station
But they did have they were on the Pirates baseball radio network so on nights when kdk wasn't coming in real great
You turn over to 1170 there was wva
Pulled different era man when radio really was something it's something today, but it's a word we can't say on the air
Just sitting around the house we're not much to do. I got Neil Rogers on the radio and
Hey, what do you know there? It's a day. What do you call it there 12 to 1 hour?
Excuse me sir. I'm with 560 wqa. I'm up. We'd like to know are you a sport hole?
Yeah, damn right. I am. Oh, what's your opinion? I mean
What's your take on the recent changes at wqa?
Well glad that old fag is gone because I want to hear sports all day, you know
Just real men talking all day about men
Now I know they got that Cuban filler. He's filling in but he talks too much about women, you know
He's a straight guy
I want to hear other men, old girl other men's firm butts and tight lines
Well, that's what sports is all about buddy
Yeah, me all sports radio
Where they all go man all day
You me all sports radio
I grabbed myself when I hear sports holes say
Look how fast he can run
Look how fast he can jump
With the kind of man I'd like to home
Give me all sports radio
For the manly man
That likes me
Okay, 12.015.60. Oh, you know, I forgot to mention. What's that
Oh
I think it's a sad day for America man
I'm not saying that Pontiac was my favorite car and I would never would have bought a trans Am
Right or anything other than a Corvette which is still a GM car, you know, even though it's made in bowling green
But nevertheless Pontiac was a damn good car. Yeah, it was if he asked me rock solid. Yeah
Viewer wasn't a bad car either. They still make that I told you the other day about my Buick skyhawk
Yeah, do you ever hear that? No, but my dad had a skylar. No, this was a skyhawk little car
Really neat man. It was great
Look look good
drove good
Good on gas. I remember my grandfather had a Chevy like a
Belair that had a the column shifter on it that car was awesome a column shifter. Yeah, where you actually shifted gears
But it was like connected to the steering wheel
Really yeah, there's a cool car why you was at 18 what who it was old 60 something maybe
Say what you will man, but GM always made a good car. I thought yeah, he said a Chevy Camaro 79 Camaro. I think I had two Camaros
But being a lot older knew I had a 67 and a 69 Camaro now you're talking 67 Camaro convertible with a blue top white with a blue top
Yeah, I had a very nice on that car. That was a great car and back in the day in Detroit
In the late 60s
Gas was like 33 cents a gallon. Yeah, yeah, and they used to have gas wars
I remember there one time they had a gas war was a dime a gallon. They had cars lined up from here to like aliquipa
They had cars lined up from Kalamazoo to ishboming, Michigan. I wonder where the hell ishboming is. I always used to talk about it
Yeah, because I love the name
Ishboming, Michigan Michigan's a good state. You ever been there? I've been through it. Yeah
Kalamazoo is a great college town good food nice people
Sturgis I was the Marco Polo of all the small markets man Albian Marshall Sturgis worked in Hillsdale for three days
Have a friend who's a chippewa. I don't know where that is. That's uh Eastern Michigan. I believe
Is that in the UP or in the thumb? Not sure
That's my message to Joe Bell stick the thumb UP your ass
Don says it's amazing how the radio business destroys people seen defo lately he looks off a ways about 300 pounds and carts around a cheap board himself doing radio shows but nobody listening
Oh, oh
Sad sad sad defo ballooned up to 300 pounds how can you afford to do it with the money?
They must be paying him for his oh point here. He's eating well. I guess
What is it? He's eating well. Maybe they're paying them in food instead of dollars. Yeah, then that could be it
Maybe he's got a trade out for life
He's probably losing it out too. It's free food man if you're in radio and you're not getting free food you might as well forget it
Says I hope George sues their ass and find something better. You're sure rules with or without George. Ha ha ha. It's done. Ha ha ha done
Whatever that means yeah, ha ha
You know whoever was that the woman that wrote about the e-mailers boy
She had her thumb and her fingernail right on it. Guess where I'm going at two o'clock by the way
Woodbine yeah
Not to be confused with night with my eyes. I'd to plunge my
frustrations out with all the stuff. It's going on all week. I did good. I got a good machine month
Nice
You just kept paying and paying nothing big, but I just kept paying and you know something after round adds up
Why don't you send that money to George Neil? Yeah, I'm gonna send George all the money. I make how's that when my check comes
I'm gonna sign it over to him
I'm gonna call Social Security today and I tell him to send my Social Security checks right to him
Did I mention this week that I got my check right on time Wednesday? That's good
Second Wednesday of every month and I looked Wednesday morning and there it was right in there
And then George got canned that thing and according to that money according to clearance you get your bonus check today
According to clearance you haven't gotten any confirmation you whether it showed up yet. It's too early right
But around one o'clock or or they're about so I'll get a message from down there a message from Garcia
And I'll say oh your uh bonus check showed up. It's in the back or not
If not going to be some real action ejection. I'll tell you that. Well, I can't believe the Jackson harness raceway is closed
That's so sad. There was right near Jackson state prison in Michigan. Okay
And believe me a lot of those drivers they belonged in there
Gerald Banfield and clearance a yacht and Raymond Fuller and Glenn quick
Let's do some harness racing trivia. Can't ask my smacho sandy fisher or herald fisher. I've asked that a million times
Wonder how Wally Hennessy's doing. How's it going Wally A?
He used to listen to the show Wally. I don't know if he still does anymore
I don't know if any of those people have pompados maybe they can't afford a radio anymore
Since the Alec Caprice grew them over so bad and boy did they ever wow?
How come other places they do things right and then Florida everything they do is half-assed why why is that
I don't know
Couldn't they take a look at the way they do it at Woodbine or the way they do it at Dover Downs in Delaware
And they did all the money it comes in from the slots and increases the purses and the quality of the racing is great and the money is there
Why couldn't they do that?
Because it's Florida. We can't do anything right in Florida everything we do is screwed up
And you want to know why because everybody in Florida all the politicians their experts you picked the topic their experts
Like my cab guy says everybody's an expert
Like the drivers here in Toronto man. They're all experts
The worst
You want to cry try driving here with all these choney man. No speaking English. How can you how can you read the traffic
Information when you can't speak English. Yeah, how do they get a license?
Thank God there's nobody in Dave County like that. No, no speaking
English
The fake ducks is I just wanted to give Georgia voter confidence every time I got fired or quit I ended up better
But when you're at the top question mark
He says I got a jackass boss who doesn't want to pay anyone. I'm ready to explode for all time. Say here's a few Georgie lines
Just this morning just last night just today says the fake Doug
Yeah, we got one like that just this morning. Yeah, George always said that just this morning. Yeah, he's already missed big time your miss George
My kishkeys are killing me
George says please don't mention my name with this all oh too late
Well, let me be a better not read the rest of it. I didn't mention his last name
Says info only don't mention my name big meeting Wednesday the 13th concerning the now
How we supposed to refer we can't say
PP I mean we can say PP but we can't say the other how we supposed to refer to the new rating methodology
I don't know
Big meeting Wednesday the 13th concerning the beat was held at the clear channel in Miramar right
Can't copy and paste it but check out and it's got a link. Beasley was a sponsor. It says
Yeah, were you involved in that meeting? I was not
We were you aware of it? I was it wasn't just beasley though
It was like all the clusters got together to inform all the clusters. Yeah, and their clusters all right
They all got to get it to inform the buyers on how the new system was going to affect them
And they did it at the clear channel
Auditorium there and you know why they did it there why because they don't want to pay to do it anywhere else
So they did it for a bunch of bastards right they did it for free at the clear channel building there in Miramar for free
You're doing the show for free. They had the big meeting for free everything they want for free
Hey, Neal, what do you think you want to do the rest of the rest of the four and a half years on your contract for free? No
Greg beauty. I'm convinced this is the real one because nobody else in the world cares about this loser
Says I'm very happy in Montgomery have no plans on coming back to the cesspool of safforda. How do you like that?
The cesspool of safforda what an ungrateful bastard you are Greg next thing you know I'd be calling it the cesspool
It is it's an outdoor septic tank
The folks at Bluewater Broadcasting you've been very supportive and the listeners are very nice
Which is a breath of fresh air coming from safforda. Thank you for keeping my name alive
Give my regards to Joe Bell and Bob McKay. Hey Joe Bell and Bob McKay Greg Boudelle senses regards any interest?
Anybody here? Anybody want to hear from him? No ever again. No just go away Greg
Thanks for keeping my name alive
All these people I want to use this show and use me on the conduit remember great condit on the conduit
Through me they use me to keep their names alive
But you notice there's some some misfits out there some radio dribble who I don't mention anymore. I never will again
Let me just remind me I'll remind you that before the show tomorrow, okay?
Well, not that you need any instruction, but nevertheless it tomorrow Saturday. I mean like Monday. Oh maybe tomorrow before the show
See today it doesn't feel like Friday you want to know why because if they were gonna fire Georgia anybody else
It should have been on a Friday not on a Wednesday. Hmm
You don't agree with that. I totally agree with that. Why would you fire somebody in the middle of a week? What what kind of horseball?
What's the point in that what did it accomplish
What did that accomplish I don't know
Paul says since you arrived, well how many changes have there been a QM just on the air?
How many worked the biggest joke was hank in the morning men his release love you and I'll follow you to a new home
sis Paul I'm not going to a new home. I'm showing up here every day. I'm not sick of something better
If I had something better, let me let me say this if Monday morning
I had Norma called him up and say oh Neil's got it off for 80 cuz it in dollars. It's such in such a place. What would they say?
Good luck
Mm-hmm. Now, why can't you answer that see you're you're hemming it on you and just like that one fax you said you are
No, what would they say do they want me to show up here every day or what you know I think they do
Or would they like me to go away with my tail between my leg? I don't think so
Would they like me to skulk off into the distance and die a wicked lonely death on the streets of Toronto
On the corner of queen and
Whatever bay
A lot of homeless people lay down there on that corner queen and bay seems to be a popular roosting spot for the homeless
There are so many homeless people here. It's just I just don't get it
And there's one lady she's over there by the world's biggest bookstore by Edward street here
And she's been there every day since I've been here every day except I don't think she works on the weekend though
And I bet you she drives up in like a new camera or something
Yeah
Hey, if things get tough here's a little advice for and for George too, okay
Homeless voice get a hold of Sean canany man. He's got a really good scam going
Spare some change mister have a nice day
You
Real American a-hole
We salute you mr. I step-facilty refuse to convert from analog to digital guy
Mr. I step-facilty refuse to convert from analog to digital guy. Oh, yeah. I remember you
You're the guy from the old neighborhood who had every zeppelin album on a track
And if I'm not mistaken you're also the dope who was convinced that beta without less VHS
And who thought video laser disk was great because you had to get up to flip it over at the same exact time you needed to take a leap
After February 17 the only reception you'll be getting is on your CB radio
But you don't care that just means more time to hone your skills at asteroids
Yep there you sit with your can of tab watching your 19 inch sannio with the pliers where the channel changer used to be
Refusing to budge just like that idiot who wouldn't move off Mount St. Helens back in 19a
So we salute you mr. I step-facilty refuse to convert from analog to digital guy
Your rotary phone your avocado colored frigidare and your dutson you are a real American a-hole
1217 at 560 w.w. Q.A. I'm happy Friday to you. We're doing the best we can
It's still there's still a Paul cast over the proceedings with the George's firing on Wednesday
Rix says this uh, wait a minute
Ron says you're supposed to fire people during the week so they can go out and start looking for a job the next day
Oh, did you ever hear that? No
It's less stressful than firing on Friday where they can't start to look for a couple of days
George has some leads already and likely not as stressed as he could be
If you miss the beginning of the show we had George's report and it sounds like he's doing okay
He said spirits are high and so am I
Can't imagine what he means by that no
Chris is speaking of harness racing oh yeah, let's
Rosecroft raceway just outside Washington
You see in for Washington, Maryland is temporarily closed for live racing while they try to make ends meet
And just recently this day to Maryland banned them from having a thoroughbred simul cast signal because of a payment issue
The bottom line is that the thoroughbred tracks are trying to squeeze blood out of a rock and their shock when nothing happens
And it says rosecroft raceway was one of my favorite spots to punch my guts out any Davis and any Davis, Jr
And here comes Wayne's smaller on the outside. He's still dead by the way in smaller. Mm-hmm remember him no
What about Eddie Beeler? No, not from rosecroft, but anyway
Rick says this is obviously a last dish effort to get you in your shirt out and your show off the station
Since you surprised him by accepting the ridiculously low pay in your last contract
Yeah, I shocked them all right. Did I shock him?
Uh, flee whatever your name is yes, did I not I don't think so I don't know this does what I don't know
Is it yes or is it no it's uh, I think maybe you shocked them a little bit
If this does break your contract then by all means sue the Schmidt out of them and leave
I'm sure you wouldn't be out of work very long. Oh, yeah. Here's another guy. He's very sure I wouldn't be out of work
Right sure the offers are just pouring in
Rick let me say this to you Rick. There's no money out there. There is no money in this business. It's all dried up. It's all gone
Rick says Joe Belkin kiss my ass
I'm so pissed off at him. I'm sorry Neil, but the arbitrage books I have will not
Have wq. I'm on it at all
It's just a small way I can protest this egregious situation
Well, we can't afford to have that happen Rick. Yeah, we need your assistance man
Why why do we want to punish me because he hates Joe Bel? Let's see that that's just
And anyway, do what do what you think is right Rick
Hope you sleep with a good conscience at night
Frank who's been listening since 89 says the movie and play they play in the movie
Emaday is about Mozart and Tony O'Soudery his colleague composer who recognizes Mozart's true genius
And is jealous to the point of obsession and it wants Mozart's gig as court composer
Fane's friendship with wolf came to get close to him and it's implied poisons him in Ripsoff's last composition
Ah
No real historical basis just a theory due to Mozart's sudden death last thing he said was I'm dying over here. No, is it
Why do we get into this thing about Mozart? Oh, that's because Antonio Sardiris somebody mentioned. I don't know who that is that lady
When she sent that email ripping me
Yeah, she said that that was that person and George was Mozart
Brutus a to a brute
Use brute no
I occasionally splash splice the law when I'm down there. I have brute in my in my turl it
Kenny Ramer comes through for me and sends me some old pictures
1977 view of skyhawk
The one on top the three pictures the one on top which I'm sure you folks are looking at right now
It's the similar but not close mine was like about an 80 81. I don't know
early 80s
Mine was red with white trim man. It was a neat little car
duix skyhawk
I think my favorite car of all time was my
turquoise Corvette. I don't know what year was 89 90 something like that
It's not really called turquoise, but it was like that kind of metallic greenish. Yeah
Remember they were making a lot of cars in that color back in the day. Yeah, almost like a neon green
Beauty
Moro says oh, this is spashing spas who usually used to be on my space, but nobody's on my space anymore
My space is dead as a dorn it. I just proclaimed it. Yeah, I have nobody communicating with me on there anymore
And I mean nobody
Oh, and I haven't got to the fake
Rich Hall letter yet
Well, I sure got a lot of stuff here eight the one thing about this whole deal
80 billion
Emails this week
Most of them from people foaming at the mouth. Where the hell's my rich draw email? Do you steal it maybe
It's in my pile here somewhere. I know it's not from the real rich show because he would never
I don't think he would ever waste his time sending me an email on needle at neorodges.com
He would my space me again like he did it last time
With more instructions on how to do my show and how to do this and how to live my life and when you have too much time on your hands
Rick you start living other people's lives, you know
Like the retirees in South Florida. Let me take a look in your mail see if you got anything good today
Spashing spas says Uncle Leo judges firing is a tragedy even though I only met him once
He was always always reminded me of myself for his knowledge of pop cultural issues
He'll be missed by me and the rest of your holy audience
PS Joe Belkin toss my salad. Oh
How do you like that for a shot jolly joe? He's gonna start stalking you spashing spas you better watch it
He's the stalker
I still don't understand the whole thing with that chris from fs u what what that was all about
I just I don't get it
I guess the seaworth through joe ball over the edge did it really I think so see you next time yep wow
Well, what do you expect to be called at a time like this when he pulled a stunt like that?
What do you expect to be called a good guy? Hey lovin kisses joe
What do you expect
Let me say one thing if you're gonna be oh here's the rickshaw thing okay if you're gonna be a management
You have to understand that what even if you're a good manager a lot of people are gonna hit you like poison
Am I right? Yep
Rick Shaw says this is definitely not
The real rickshaw
In fact, it says rickshaw at linkinfinancialmedia.com. I would he be with link
Right right doesn't that tell us where this is coming from yep
Neil regarding no more phones thing I sent you an email which apparently you did not receive oh yeah
It basically said I'm a radio guy and the goal is always to increase your audience
Like cutting off the phone you eliminate anybody with a cell phone and make email the only way to communicate with you
I think anybody with a cell phone has got access to a computer when you I would think so
I would hope so no interaction between you and us. It's like reading emails from whoever
Uh, it's your show and you'll do what you want that's right
But the loss of Georgia such testimony to what radio really is it's an art form and it's a business
And when the art form gets in the way the business the art form will always lose loose see rickshaw wouldn't write loose no
You know it's not a spell lose
George Rodriguez is a producer is a better talk show host and most talk show hosts and I'm being less than generous net observation
Having listened you almost as long as you've been on ear and south photo
I've developed the opinion that George wasn't making a ton of money such are the fortunes of radio
7% of the on ear talent account for 39% of the salaries paid and you're in there somewhere yes
I am yep
But George represents all the things anyone would ask of an employee. He's loyal
He's especially good at what he does. He's rarely sick. He has a unique on air relationship with you that cannot be replaced
He's not an expert on anything, but knows a little about almost everything
He's the kind of town you couldn't find on eBay or in a send me a tape so I can hear what you sound like scenario
I was truly stunned when the reality of his departure sent in
It is sometimes hard to separate the real from the Neil and when this whole thing came down
Hit me right smack dab in the middle of my ears because you are near Rogers and George Rodriguez was your Tonto
Tonto, I guess I guess we might call Joe Bell then uh
Yeah, yeah
And that dynamic do has been evaporated by the suits. It makes me sad
There is evolution in time marches on and tomorrow's another day and the beat goes on and all that crap
And because he has that one thing that's such a gift if your choices a career in broadcasting talent
He'll be just fine
Looking back. I did it. You did it
Anybody who got anywhere did it and when a smoke clears in the dust settles
It'll be appropriate
I suggest we see the end of a special era in South Florida radio
Neil Rogers and George Rodriguez
Love you Neil
Sign the fake rich jaw
Yeah, it's Friday you bastard
Yes
Hey
names
sons
Small challenge, big challenge...
Small challenge, big challenge, big challenge ...
Bite, bite, bite, but alone, nothing!
With no biting I'm both keen to learn
Small enemies follow a scabbard
I ask for blood and why not...
And stand!
White!
save my life, throw it into the world
And onto.
Goddammit, save your free once again
What are you doing on day shopping for jelly shoes?
And also that and and
Yeah, and
1232, boy, that's one thing when you go get old man all the good stuff is gone no more potty acts no more olds mobiles
No more Packards no more studa bakers
My father being the jackass that he was he was obsessed with Packards don't ask me why I was one of the ugliest big boxy cars
You ever see a Packard? Yes, oh my god
Cliff and Kendall says Neil this morning on the way to work. I was sitting at a red light
Usually the homeless voice loser was making the rounds this particular misfit has a begging technique that involves
Waving it drivers with his pinky finger. Oh boy. I would yell out you ferry
I despised this homeless voice goo in above all others
I was fantasizing about snapping snapping off his pinky finger and sticking it up his nose when I thought of Georgia's famous hatred of these parasites
A tear formed in my eye losing George is like losing a beloved pet
I
Considered running the bum over in George's memory, but then I realized I couldn't listen to Neil on death row
How long before we see George on the corner waving his pinky it drivers for money or waving his behind
Rest in peace George says cliff and Kendall
Salah he died or anything okay, no
And there was one in here that said
Your sounding better today. Where the hell is it? I'm sounding better today because I can't I just can't stay morose and depressed and on the air or in my life forever
I have to snap out of it
You know what I mean? Yeah
If anybody's gonna listen to the show I can't say oh, she's what are we gonna do you know like that?
I can't do that well. It's in here somewhere
David says Neil I guess your sidekick getting fired shows how much power you have now a QM
I never had any power here on this station
Then
Then they make you do your show with this guy flee George's replacement. It's like they're rubbing your face in it
I was not fond of George as I found him ponderous boring and terminal
But this is all about you getting you out Neil your next is David from Dania
David's an expert. I what's going on am I next?
No, I'm not
I don't know who's next and then how come the other people on this station
See this is the one thing that bugs me if this would happen in iud reconciles would have been talking about it
Randy would have been talking about a fill would have been talking about it. Are you sure oh? Yeah
But not on this station. We're in island. This show is in island. It's like we don't exist me George and maybe now you too
You too a two
Brut
What why is that what don't they have the co-hones to be ranting and raving and raving
I guarantee if the hunter was still on the station he'd be screaming about it
Yeah, no mad dog was too uh busy interviewing old dolphin players and bitching about uh Keith oberman
Bitching about Keith oberman is he back to doing his right wing politics that served him so poorly over the last several months
Yeah, he said that Keith has no reason to be so angry
right
Don't get me started not gonna mad dog because I love the mad dog. He's great
but
He could be he could be a little bit better a friend of George you know
And Joe little dog in the morning. What what else was wrong with those guys
That we're always willing to share some of the free food, huh?
Yeah, Ian says hey Neil. I remember our first meeting in the parking lot at peaches on sunrise
Wow, we parked our silver xk our next to you and walked into the appearance with you
uh
This is carol and Ian west of hog town
They don't want to say from Hamilton again because then they'll you know
Then they'll figure the audience will decide that they're getting ponderous
Carolinian west of hog town hamilton anterior horrible place
Thanks Ian
I guess he's trying to say that's when I had the turquoise vet
Yeah, that peach on having gone for at least eight years. It's what that peaches has been gone for at least eight years
Oh, I know isn't that the um
pornographic what do I think it's the hustler building now yeah, that's yeah, it's the lary flint building there, mm-hmm
That's a very legendary corner there
We did a lot of appearances there at peaches in fact last one I did with Phil Henry are you sure was it that peaches
signing autographs and stuff
Back when we used to do promotions, you know, I'm sorry. I
That when you said the best of this can raise a lot of money. We ought to do one for George. Yeah, you know what I'll use my uh promotional
button you know what that is oh
Actually, I'm trying to put something together for George
What do you mean by that?
cool with that
Like a little party happy hour thing where the listeners can come and say hi and buy
And bring them a bag of money that work too bag of pot and a bag of money George said he's cool with it
Joe Bell's cool with it letting it happen if you're cool with it. Maybe we can do it next week
That would be great. Yeah, I'm talking to the people at the hard rock cafe. Maybe have a little happy hour for George
You come out. Oh, yeah, excellent says hi to everybody and you know they can uh, I mentioned we get a big cry out there for that
I would think a couple hundred people for sure
So a thousand people showed up. I'm working on that and each brought ten bucks. That's ten grand
Like I said a five thousand people showed up and brought about 20 bucks a piece. That'd be nice
There'd be a hundred grand
Oh, Yovan. Oh, no, your long-awaited Yovan die in hell Yovan. This is a guy who goes all the way back to these Zeta days
Oh every time he call all he would say and the Yovan and whatever they mean I have no I don't ask me what it means
Doesn't mean anything
Just a stupid word the Yovan
Neil all the way to BS what happened to George everyone knows that in life especially the business you're in nothing is guaranteed
And that's why it's important to always have a backup plan
Yeah, I'd like to backup one of my cars into your ass Yovan
I'm sure George being the intelligent man. He has saw this coming and prepared himself. How could you have seen it coming?
How do you see it coming when you've been doing it for 19 years and you're getting paid peanuts
And everybody's telling you oh we love your work and we love you on the ear and the audio the audio and all this and we're gonna get you a car
We're gonna do this right
It says George will be fine, but I just wish WQM would take your old advice
Which is if it ain't broke don't fix it. Well, miss you George and keep picking ass in the ratings
Your long-awaited pal Yovan
Careful another idiot caller
So what what's the story we're gonna be taking calls starting on Monday or what well the good news is with the new phone system
We can block people
So yes, if you'd like to take calls we can block any number. Yeah
Really for what I'm being told yes
Well, let's give that a try on Monday, okay, cuz I don't want to hear I'm your fan. I don't want to hear it
You might have to hear it once and then we block them
Now we don't need to block them what we need to do is
Since you're allegedly in touch with where they are and who they are and where they live and
What kind of bullet would put them in peace put us at peace yeah
Anything happens to them by the way flea done it
I don't want to jeopardize your freedom or your safety, but I'm just telling if anything happens to those two
flea
Is the stalker maybe get go to go to it. He seems to be in the stalking now. Wayman tisdale died
Who wayman tisdale who's that xnv a player and jazz
Artist never heard him. Oh
I think you played I think you played bass wayman tisdale wayman. Yeah
Here's one that says from a fan oh no
From a fan
penis pumps to be later from a streamer strengths
Says hi, Neil. Here's something George can play with it. Oh, my look considers the job opportunities. Yes screw you. You're lunatic
And Greg viewed Alice back again serious xm on the iPhone to boom for satellite radio. I doubted keep dreaming Greg
Everybody hates you like poison
See there's a guy who thought that everybody hate him and you want to know why why because they do
They hate you Greg
It's fat twa Friday you bastards
You
Hello
Hello
Come on and they shot where I may have you hello. I'm mr. Ann
You're mr. Ann. I'm mr. Ann
Yes, mr. Ed. This is a hardware. How can I know? Hello. I'm mr. Ann
It's hardware. Did you need to speak to someone? Hello? Yes, yes, I hear you sir. Hello. Hello. I'm mr. Ann
Okay, miss dad. Listen to me for a minute. My name is bill. This is a hardware. Hello. Hello
Sir, so you're gonna have to call back. I'm mr. Ann. Yeah, I understand that miss dad. You gotta call back. You got a bad connection. Okay, miss dad
Hello, hello, hello, hello
You know on that bit I've never I've never been able to figure out which is the worst phony voice the horse or the guy that answers the phone the
Ace Hardberg I'll go with the ace guy. Yeah, he's been
Mr. Ed it sounds just like him. Yeah
14 to 1 at 560 WQM we got the big old coming to two guilty from ad dog at four o'clock. Oh boy
That's just I mean between you doing Georgia's job today and then guilty on four to seven
It's a little bit too much squeaking. Yeah a lot of squeaking
Am I right? Yeah, I think we're over to limit
I'll tell Goldina. I must be a quota for squeaking. I'll tell Goldina to come in
Yeah, tell Galdi to stay home
Kelt tell Galdi to tell everybody what he really thinks of Denise Poffan
Well, you know, I guess maybe mad dog will be the next to go because he's basically announced his retirement
Yeah, so I guess maybe he'll be the next to go
In like 18 months whatever it is he's saying 18 months or 18 days 18 minutes
And what are they what kind of garbage are they're gonna stick on there then?
Who knows
Oh
Maybe they'll give Curtis the show Curtis a work cheap. Yeah, Curtis is good on the air, you know, yeah, you know mad dog
But that's pretty good. He's good
For me they maybe they can bring over some loser from across the street like Sid the kid, you know
Now did they really have a discussion?
Your buddy Joe Bell and Sid the kid did they really have a lunch or conversation or something?
I've heard they had lunch, yeah. Oh my god
And you really believe there's some up there's some
Chance that they would bring that misfit over to this. I mean, I know they've done a lot of crazy things
But you really believe they would go that far well, let's put it this way. They asked my opinion about it
Yeah, I said no, it's a bad idea
And they said great. Let's do it right no, I don't know they haven't said anything yet, but that was my opinion no don't do it
Why do it show me some good numbers show me a reason
Show me a track record. What was he like 20 second in the last book?
He was down there he had a one something. Yeah, well that's good for bring it over
Yeah, but you know what what what they part were they looking at like that two to four thing
Could be I don't know maybe ten to two right out that
Fat Joe says I find it ironic that fat Joe will stalk and secret abusion against oh, this is just Bob
Against those attacking him for firing George, but won't move a finger to secret abusion against those idiot crank collars
That's right if he gets any crap then right away. He starts is stalking and threatening
But if we have people disrupting the whole damn show. Oh, I don't know what to tell you the other one to tell you
I guess the only one that strikes too close to home will jet fat Joe do anything Joyce
Joyce you Joe Bellets says Joyce you
And see you next time
So that really got to him, huh? Yeah
Why I don't know he took it personal, I guess
Peter Parker says it said that George is no longer on the show the good news is we don't have to listen that horror of a horse's face Lucy Lopez during the summer
Hallelujah. Thank you. Neil God Lucy sweet
Good luck George. Keep in touch says Peter Parker. Yeah, good luck. Keep in touch after he takes a shot like that
And his good close personal buddy Lucy Lopez. Yeah, she's never heard her. She's not she's not really good. I mean, but she makes me sound like very white
She's squeaky. Oh, she's squeaky really yeah
Maybe that maybe that's why George likes her maybe like to make her squeal or something
For sure you think yeah
Finally you need to better net oh
What's that? Oh, that's the wrong one oh
And I just I got so excited there I knocked it down to the audition line
Can you believe I did that no well, I mean I
Wasn't really all that gay until now
Finally all you need to better net
Wow the chic
Another great radio discovery and then there was always druzy he was something I know I can't say what
Lany and Kendall says on your pull I voted for pissed off even though I'm an atheist
I didn't vote for Joe Bell as the anti Christ because I don't believe Bell's name should be associated with any deity mythical anti-rating else
You know a little bit too intellectual for us Lany just calm down that was deep
a little too deep
John and Lake worth says again one thing I learned yesterday was the production facilities for GM and Chrysler
Are to remain open that are going to remain open are mostly going to be located overseas
Your next Corvette could be an import. Oh no
The era of cars what what do you mean my next Corvette what what's that going to be?
I'm going to be able to buy another Corvette one hell who's letting me that money
The era of cars made in America is coming to a close more and more
I look forward to retiring overseas just like you says John and Lake worth PS
His my new favorite word is douche nozzle
Mine too is it yeah, I love that
Do you have the window open again today? I know you got the AC on right no wow the AC is cranking this sirens are loud it in
It sounds to me like the window is open, but I'm sure I didn't open it
And I checked this morning to make sure it wasn't because I got the AC going I don't want to air conditioning outside
But you're right it does sound loud is out loud you're right
So you hear all them sirens yeah
Well, at least it keeps the people awake out there
That's one thing that a lot of people in this business don't understand is you don't play commercials with sirens and stuff
Blaring in a background it's it's a
Prohibited by the FCC number one and for good reason and people still do it though
Yeah, well they some stays he still do it. I hate it
You're driving down the road and you're listening to a station all of a sudden
And you're looking around and wondering where to help them fire engine or the police car or the ambulances
And it's not there the fire truck. It's not there. It's on the radio
List sets says I was so sad yesterday at 10 a.m. When I heard about George getting fired
Although we all saw it coming throughout the week. I was hoping Jolly Joe would change his mind
I was hoping that there would be like a last minute reprieve you know
Yeah, I listened for about an hour in the car
But I had to turn it off because not only was I said about George, but I could hear how sad you were
You sounded a lot better today see I told you something said it sound like do I sound better today? Yeah, you do
I will continue listening to your show because I enjoyed so much. It'll be different without George
I wish luck luck to lean his new position and of course with George the best to look have a nice weekend
You tool a set and she isn't saying I'm not gonna listen anymore
I can't believe Tracy and Kendall did that to me at the beginning of the show today. Yeah
She's not sure she's gonna be listening even though it was a topic conversation at the dinner table last night
By a long suffering listener Tracy from Kendall, would she do that to me? Well, we'll see
Mike says thanks
Started listening in the early 90s when you syndicated into the Tampa market short lived, but I found it very funny and entertaining
Do you know if an ex-Jock Dan Sileo who's sticking up our way from Orlando you do don't you? Yeah Sileo
He played in Miami and can't shut up his yap about his days there. Mm-hmm. I wish someone would fire him
He also says no American is diable late since 1951. Well, it was no longer allowed as a reason of the death certificate
When you update your website could you try to add you ferry and I don't know the Neils noises drop section?
You know what else we need to put on there if we update the sounds if we do if we do Eric
In addition to those that when you think yeah
So
So Mike and Clearwater PS if you're making so much money how can you collect social security?
It doesn't make any difference how much you money you're collecting or you're making you can collect social security
If you've paid into it when you get to be a certain age you can collect and at some point you have to collect
I think at 68 I think at 68 you have to start taking it in a minute. Yeah
Well, I started at 66 and believe you me I waited long enough. I can use it
I'll be sure and send it all to George Neil all your money. Well if you win it would buy and send to Georgia check
You okay? I just got through sending him a check then that's the ironic part of this
And boy he cashed it fast good good thinking George good move
Michael says George is missed
Hey Neil George is missed and I'm pissed and it's funny that they let George go because of his pay
Why don't they get rid of Joe Bella, but he makes more money than George and his happy eyes is still employed anyway
It says I had now lived in Vegas when I lived in Florida always on my way to work or when I was out and about I had on WQM
Why you and George were on love you uncle Leo miss George and good luck Michael whose Michael
Don't know well, that's his name Michael good luck Michael
Good luck to us. We'll need it
My Johnson who's very chronic says I hope George find something and allows him to fall on his feet near the near term
Any chance that fat Chris's role could be temporarily transitioned to George while it's in need of some income
Fat crystal has a paying George and a job and George has none right now fat Chris is making you how many dollars a week
He's making right and he would actually make less money doing the show because it'd be less hours for him. Yeah
Eight bucks. Yeah, George would be better off collecting unemployment than worry about what fat Chris is making
Also sounds like the radio clusters must be related to the old bitch ticket lady looking for free
Yeah, where can we have the meeting where it'll be for free? We won't have to pay for it
Reminds me of the big radio seminar. We had when I would be with sold a paction and we had I figured what hotel it was in speaking of George
Are you watching CNN right now? Yeah, a roller roller derby real derby fitness
Amber Mori otherwise known as psychosis has been skating for over a year after probably now
Why did you interrupt when I was in the section important thing about paction? Sorry? Oh, we had a seminar
We had a seminar with Walter Sabo there no less. What a ass clown. Oh my god
I know Sabo. I bet he is buddies with Bu-Dill and that crown of losers. Yeah, he's a Howard Stern guy
Who's Sabo? Yep, what do you mean by that because they called me one time when the Howard Stern was looking for a PD of it serious
Yeah, and he was my contact
What do you mean is a Howard Stern guy? What does that mean? I guess he represents Howard in some way. Well screw you Walt Sabo
He killed Jerry Williams. He put him in his grave
The great Jerry Williams from WVZ and WRKO and WMEX in Boston
And WNWS. I mean, it's interesting nobody who's still alive remembers the WNW Westings
They remember KAT they remember I and Z they remember Zeta they remember IOD certainly
But they don't remember the WNW Westings that that's because our average demographic was 90 plus and they were all dead now
The water to two hours
And the L-RON Hubbard Statuet for best Scientology captive goes to
Katie Hall
The 2009 Scientology awarding Scientology Excellence for 2008 and the Hubbard for the most weight gain in all of Scientology is
I'm no surprise here
Cursey Alley all your favorite Scientology celebrities would be there like me John Trubolta
Tom Cruise Katie Holmes Cursey Alley Lisa Marie Presley and that chick from Dharman Greg and the Hubbard for the ex Scientologist we hate the most
Nicole Kedman
Catch the on-quote presentation of 2009 Scientology's only on Bravo watch what happens
It's like gonna be so weird to ferry. So here's one with a phone number not a name
It says so they asked Flea back his opinion about Sid the Kid how what was his opinion on the George firing before it happened
Don't be ss boy what
Did you have an opinion? I thought they should not have fired George. Yeah, did you tell him that of course? I did and they said
But it's sorry
They said screw you pretty much they said shut up
Set up a dear job boy. Long time radio broadcaster workers a movie extra is dead William Cooper
He was 94 definitely old enough. Yeah
Not many people can say they had a piece of Jessica Tandy's birthday cake or they interviewed Red Skeleton and many Pearl
William Cooper a decades-long radio broadcaster later became a movie actor could he's been more than 50 years as a radio broadcaster
Doing stints at stations on both coasts
After he retired from the radio broadcast industry the North Carolina native then 70 and living in Atlanta
Turned attention to working in the movies and TV shows filmed in the area
Mr. Cooper appeared in sharkies machine which starred bird Reynolds
He appeared in the Baron and the kid amade for TV movie that's third Johnny Cash
And he was an extra on the set of fried green tomatoes and driving Miss Daisy
In a story about movie extras that appeared in the Atlanta urinal constitution mr. Cooper finally recalled
That Jessica Tandy served me a piece of cake on her 80th birthday
For mr. Cooper that slice of cake was probably pay enough
He loved being an extra his daughter said and probably would have done any movie for free
I don't know too many people are than this guy and flea who'd work for free
Don't have him at too many no how many votes we got on the pool
I can't see it 591. Well, that's right. You don't have no computer
What's your take on George getting fired 591. Well, we're gonna go over 600 during the show. I changed the pool during the show
I'm pissed off 244. I'm not happy about it 145 joebell is the anti-christ 99 good riddance
62 and I don't care 41
Only 17% have a positive feeling about George getting can 83% are pissed off in one form or another not good
No, it is not of course. It's not good
Wesley who's just a crazy person
It's all over the place
George cannot be replaced. He was given a place on the show just I'm guessing here because he was George not because he was some dunts producer
If dialogue between you and someone else is required to make the show go then maybe the phone line should be reopened gasp
It says gasp with an exclamation point gasp
Yes, screw the phone lines. Well, maybe give it a shot on Monday. Maybe
Don't hold me to it. Don't hold your breath along those lines. It says flee should be seen but not heard
Maybe joebell could work this shift once
You should be seen but not heard how about stepped on sure how about swatted
John says my final two cents good enough already
You said that some people are putting part of the George thing on you that's correct
I don't think anyone's angry at you but possibly disappointed that you wouldn't or couldn't protect George as part of your contract
I did all that I could within the parameters of a my legal ace goofball
My gut feeling is that if you would have gotten a better agent or attorney this could have been accomplished
Maybe or maybe not will never know
Maybe you could have protected the guy who was loyal and efficient for so long
Whether I like some of his subject matter or not. I knew he thought I know he thought he would be with you side by
Ancient and you decided to retire
I don't think he saw this coming until very recently. Maybe the show will even improve. We shall see we shall see
says John
That is it in a nutshell. It's simply a question of loyalty. However nobody's perfect either way
I'm still a big fan of yours and we'll try to listen for years to come and F sports and the geeks that live for it
Neil God says John
Well, whatever he's all over the place. Yeah
Side by each I didn't see it coming either until a few days ago
And then somebody in that building made sure that all the rumors everybody in the building was talking
Babbabababayo, yeah, I thought for sure you stopped it with the wording of your contract
I thought it was a dead issue at that point. I did too. I thought that I could defeat to it
Yeah
That's what normal always told me and then oh wow, but it'll be put it up and it'll be put it up and it'll be put up
Ephraim says you slept a few minutes ago and said flee was filling in for George today
L.O. L.O. L.O. L.O. L.O. L.O. L.O. L.
Life out loud out loud out loud out loud. No, I did not slip. I said he was doing George's job
I didn't say filling in he's not filling in guess what all new people that are looking for like some
Chigra in the whip pile all this there there is nitty George is fired. He's gone. He ain't coming back on his show
But you notice no matter what I say or do they tune in Monday see if George is here right
I'm sure there's a lot of people out there that think on Monday George will pop back in he will not no
Nick Hernandez says I miss George flee is okay. Well there you go. There's a
Endorsement for you. I'm okay. This is George, but you're okay. Not great. Not good. Well, okay. I'll take okay
Don says it is absolutely the most horrific decision that's ever been made by this company that you work for
How about killing Ken Maldon? I think that might have even been worse
Unless there is an underlying reason i.e. money argument. It's said. Yeah, it's money. It's all there is
That's the whole reason. Yeah. Am I right? You're right that is led to George being dismissed
That is by far a huge mistake George was part of our day within insightful knowledge wise comments and even sarcastic
Banner with you that made the show what it is was
With all these restraints and personnel decisions being made. It's a wonder you can even survive
I agree with that. That's why I sound like I'm in a better mood today because I have to I have to shake myself out of that deep funk
You are truly a legend for surviving and entertaining us all these years
I am honestly sad that I'll never hear George again. Nobody said you'll never hear him again. Just not here
We'll hear him somewhere
I related to 95% of his stuff his thinking and I know he'll be missed from the radio
I've heard his replacement when you were off and his inexperience
Comes through in colors. It's a travesty with a heavy heart. I bid you all the happiness and success in the world
Says Don
Don macaroni or something like that
macaroni
Stuck a feather in his cat and called it
Yeah
Here's a long one from Charlie B. Oh Charlie B good old pull man Charlie B. We can use some poles Charlie. Yeah
Well, this is long. It says never give in
Jobelle's office walls are getting rather crowded by all the mounted trophies heads. He's got hanging there
There were heads of those whose WQM careers have been killed on his watch
Mohawar david it at E.K. Hanke the late Ken Muldin now sadly George
He left Jesse Agler out
An Allison Turner an Allison. Yeah
Can there be any remaining doubt about this man's motives or the ultimate trophy?
Had he liked him out on his wall yours Uncle Leo
Yours is the only head left for him to lock off and despite any denial he might offer to the contrary
We all have to not recognize and accept that there's two faced duplicitous bastard will never stop in his tracks
until
He's skeamed plots can spires and can can nive to achieve his ultimate prize mounting your head on his wall
With George now gone anyone who assumed that Jobelle up to now was just in the innocuous country pumpkin from Raleigh general
Mangler must now wake up and accept that this bastard has a bloodlust in him and won't stop with George's firing
Says a harbor no doubt that this bastard now intends to go gunning for you
And then only then make his long murderous bloodbath of WQM tal come to an end
Jobelle is the penultimate dictionary definition of grinning man who'll shake your hand with his right hand while hiding a switch plate at the ready and his other
That sounds like that jolly rolly joe song
This is a man who would put his mother in a nursing home pull out a last-willing testament for her to sign
Then stand on her breathing tube while she signed it her breathing tube is a corporate he is corporate evil incarnate
This now becomes a great staring contest one between you and the bastard
Bastard from a basket you would play it if you had it there, but you know you have it. I don't know might be on the 360
Bastard from a basket
Oh wait, I'll have to know it will not blink first Neil, but that that bastard will make him
From a basket Jesus God, that was loud. Sorry
Make him sweat make him agitate but hang in there Neil and eventually the contest will end he will have blinked his own
Shamed career as he had WQM's game will have collapsed in ignominious ruin and infamy
And you will have lasted him and his evil devastating designs on the station the audience in you
This bastard is not deserved to win
Must not win and should never be given the pleasure of winning you Neil are now the only one left separating him from outright total victory
As Churchill proclaimed never give in never surrender never never never never never
never
Never several never
Charlie B sound like he's all worked up pissed off and fired up on it. Yeah
Larry says hate mail just kidding very sad for George, but I'll continue to listen as I like to flee sorry for the fragment
At sentence driving to work listening to Thursday's archive
Says Larry and Pond Harbor
That was 632 this morning wow
632 this morning
The real feel says and by the way Phil
Uh, uh, uh, uh, Phil uh, what's his, uh, Paul Harvey Jr
I'm not calling you if you want to tell me something send me an email say something don't just give me a phone number say call me
Why would I call him? I don't know I mean he's an old time caller or hang around chronic, you know, but why would I call him
I haven't heard from chicken neck in the middle of any of this I wonder how he's doing
She's still alive. I think so
Where
He's okay. I'll take care of him as best I can or if he doesn't want if he'd rather I send all of mine I send him I'll give it to George
The real feels is it's 7 a.m. And someone just called it in a Joe Rosen said Joe but you read D for friring George
I can't say the word I can say it but only once
I wasn't a huge fan of George but went from not being able to listen to him years ago to thinking his stick wasn't so bad
Bottom line as he improved with time. Yes, he did dramatically
He was the perfect yank to your yang when you're broadcasting. I'll miss the repartee
I think they fired him simply because upper level management hates you
And this was the way of getting back at you for constantly railing against them
You believe that?
No
Speak up. No, I don't believe that. I think it was purely budgets
George was fallout
If you
Just chopped off it says it appears your legal representative is not on the ball
And it is like radio you need an ironclad contract
You might think about having another agent meet over your present contract
So you know where you really stand the second opinion is always good to have now that 940 has no more real radio
No Tom Hartman Stephanie Miller Randy Rhodes QA is my only alternative that sucks for me as I like choices says Phil
I'll be buying portable XM or serious radio in the next week. So I'm not a prisoner of just one show
It appears that a and radio will be dead very soon and QM management apparently wants that to be immediate
Nothing personally. I just like to have options a and gives me none
I like sports, but the only decent shows are Rosen managed the rest suck really bad
George, I hope you find another equal gig equal or better than what you had regardless of your town
You're a good person and that counts for a lot
It's Friday you bastards
It puts the lotion in the basket
It mixes it all up it puts a lotion in the basket it puts them both together
It puts the lotion in the basket when the eyeball falls out
But puts the lotion in the basket that it has to hose it down
It puts the lotion in the basket. It's my day up to get it puts the lotion in the basket
Need to rub it on my brand puts the lotion in the basket
But after dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion
In the basket
As which my pp in my legs I say
Dog I like to dance around his waist and bobby
Or the last quiet today's and bobby
I want to look more like a wolf or my name is Pablo Bill
It puts the lotion in the basket
It makes it more basket
It puts the lotion in the basket
I hold my pp in it puts the lotion in the basket
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I've got my skin so beautiful like I
How much is this?
How much is it?
How much is this?
dużo
Wow
Everything's good
What time?
Don't you just look I mean it's just a good piece of production you know it yeah, which in this business
There ain't very much good production anymore. My old jingle was you know
Somebody was sending to me and George the file for the old contemporary radio the ABC contemporary a news
Sounder and I never got it that
Remember that yeah, don't got it. I'll see if I can find it
Might be around maybe George got it
Tim says oh this is this is tragic
Give me a little bit of credit Tim Tim says the emails with the phone numbers are sent from people's phones
Duh. I'm sure you knew that but if you didn't now you know
Just because it's sent from your phone number doesn't mean that at the end of whatever you're writing you can put a name to it
These people are way too lazy to change the phone number to their name or email address by the way
Three is all right tough place to be I'm sure take care and hang in there, buddy your pal Tim. Well, thanks Tim duh
I
Still say that at the end of the email or just like this is your pal Tim they could say your pal Joe your pal
Jamama. Yeah, not that hard
For example this one calm news with an email address not not with the name calm news. What is that? No name?
Neal please don't expect any support from Joe Hoson Jim Mann, which they truly don't give a Schmidt. Well, how do you know?
Also ever mind you several times about your culpability in Georgia's dismissal since you're responsible for having that with attorney
I'll back off on that as I don't want to make you feel any worse good
I'm sick and tired of having everybody blame me for every day and bad thing that happens. I'm tired of it
Christ I thought they once they put my mom in a box. I'd have an oven
Enough with that already
But I have to ask you if they already violated your contract and got away with it
What's to keep them from doing that again and again and again? I called Norma Canton asked in that last night
Please have a stop them Norma idiot can't it says have a nice weekend with a Chinese mom butchup no name
Not even a fake name
And by the way the fake Barry Jackass you are really getting on my nerves. You send me more useless garbage just garbage
It's got to be Mr. Radio there. There's nobody else in the world
That's just so obsessed and in all this trivial garbage about people Tom don't like us and this one and that one and this meeting here
And I'll go away Barry real or imaginary a
Barry you fairy
Oh, here's one from Key West dancer
And notice you stop mentioning of your attorney Norma can't did you get a season to assist you?
C.I.S.E. and D.I.C. I.S.T
Talk about it. It's a little bit or is he off your payroll normal? You're fired. It says
No, I spoke to her last night. What's the point of my talking about Norma can't?
Well, what's the point? Did I did he get a season to assist?
Yeah, what does that mean? Oh, who knows who the hell knows
All these people are experts like I said before like my cabie always says they're all experts or
Like he also says these people are animal their animal meeting the drivers these people are animal
Mike says the beastly trend of being cheap for your information on the Fort Myers market
Beasley's gotten just his cheap with its highest
afternoon radio show
Highest rated I assume he means yeah, and this popular show only one of only three radio show show host DJs
They have they refused to replace a producer from several years ago
Instead they're using interns to run the board and act as producer
These interns are most likely not paid or if they are at minimum wage what an embarrassment bring back buddy blood packs and or robe
Young
Roby's still in the phone booth there. I'm this game Boulevard
You from ended with well, I guess you worked over there right clear channel or at Fort Myers
Fort Myers. Yeah, I worked at Fort Myers, but you didn't work for Beasley though you worked for Chief Channel
No, I worked for Beasley in Fort Myers. They bought the station. I was working at actually you want they bought Beasley
bought the station that I was working at at the time and can you ask no, oh no you wonder you're so tight with jolly Joe
Yeah, they brought in Joe like about six or seven months after they bought the station was he still
I was he as much of an ass-com back then as he is now now like I said before he left me a note alone because he didn't know the format
So it was kind of easy it was it was actually a good setup because I would could do it
I wanted and he didn't question it because we were number one 18 to 34 so Scott says I did send the ABC contemporary news out of
Georgia did get it okay, we'll find it
We'll find it somewhere
It was good it was dynamic back when radio was radio when they were like like I said production
But wait, I think I might have found it. Let me see have you have you maybe ooh
An exciting moment on the new Rodriguez show
That's not it. No, it says ABC programming statement. Oh my god. I'm sorry. I didn't find it
He might have put it in the other system which he's gonna install from the other system over the weekend the computer that he took with him
You mean the one that I bought yeah yours
Yeah, well, it's not mine. It's his now. I bought it for him
So all yours George he can't commit today though because uh he doesn't have a car
So I'm gonna have to go pick him up
You're gonna go have him pick him up and do what
Bring him here so he can now help me load the music in the 15,000 songs that he has waman tizdales dead you already told us that yeah
He's still dead though 44. Well, that's pretty young. Yeah. He died after two year battle with cancer
Three time all American and Oklahoma played 12 scenes in the NBA died after a two year battle with cancer. He was only 44
Wow
44 is too young for anybody to die. Yeah, I think that's George right and he 44
Are you suggesting George's dying over there? Is that what you're saying? No, I'm just saying it's young
Yes, pretty young
What's your take on George getting fired 631 votes on the poll on pissed off 266
268. I'm not happy about 148 Joe Bell is the anti-Christ 106 108 good ridden 63. I don't care 44
Only about 16% our negativity toward George the other 80 plus percent our pissed off at Jolly Joe Bell and the beesleys the measly beesleys
You can't run a business open up a shoe shine stand. Okay. Do something more appropriate with your budgetary means
And don't give me a song to dance about oh they're paying you so much money. This show always made the money always
Back when they were losing them over a million bucks a year on the marlins
They were still making money on in fact the joke used to be this was the show that enabled them to carry all these stupid sports franchises
Because they had to make the money back on his show
You follow the logic
So rather than carry a bunch of other shows that would make the money they continue with their stubborn
Jock sniffing mentality. Oh, we got the fish. We got the yeah swish the fish
The one good piece of news is I haven't heard one thing today from Jimmy syphilis. Thank God
I mean if all the fakers that that is it's definitely mani munoz. Okay
Ronda a mani you faker you phony you crazy person
But mani from Kendall who started as a caller
Started as a caller. Hmm
There's nothing worse than people who start as callers and then warm their way into the radio business
Nothing
Mr. Broward he's still dead by the way jewels addler mr.
Mr. Broward
He was even worse than what's his name storm cats stormy. Uh, he called this morning
Now are you cereal on your show roasha this morning every day is Joe got a death wish or what he likes him
Jama him and Jamaican Paul oh
Holy mackenaugh. This is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil god
Oh
I hope I open up open up I say
Let me in I got big new
I'm on your flaring open the door
What did you see this here?
Production starting on three stu just movie still no decision on who will play mo
Oh, I don't check that it mallet head
The thing about this guy here in acio del Toro
Good actor makes a great Lord Moa but he ain't no mo
I'm perfect for it. Why I am home once they got a load on me. It's a cinch. I'll get the lead role
You're dreaming dreaming huh? Well she holds dreaming when I get back from Hollywood did it?
Ah Hollywood at last I think this is the studio right here
I'm Mr. Where you think you're going? I'll see here. I get mo. I wouldn't be able to
And I'm here for the new three stu just movie to make it. I wouldn't go into that studio
They're filming a gangster movie in there. Oh, get out of my way
Hello everybody. I'm here the starter of your three stu just movie
Oh
132 at 560 wc I'm speaking of ask lines you'll never guess in a zillion years who this next email is from and it's from the real one by the way, okay
Joe Bell really
Yes, his email address and it's he's got the whole thing underneath you know VP market manager Beasley. Oh his uh signature sure
Great show. I really like to show the past two days. I'm excited about the two of you working together have a great weekend Joe Bell
Here's my response Joe
See you next time
Not
How do you like that?
Hmm see he's one of those guys that keeps digging and digging and digging he can never get the knife in foreign often twisted
He's just got to keep digging and probing until it's all the way through from your back all the way through your public
What's your take on that that sounds painful
My mom not talking about the knife. I'm talking about the fact I got that email
Yeah, I think I would have waited to send something like that maybe done the road
If at all timing that so great
Oh here you go. Here's one from Georgia's mama. Yeah your mama my ass
His mama that he hates like poison you better get with the a program
Oh
Jason here's one from Jason's strum who's just chronic is all get out
Well some of these people I'm it's a good thing we're taking the emails because that's all they do all day
His email over and over and over and over and on and on and on
Jesus Kate Christ
Stephen Jersey says the double cheese hold the cheeses the same price, which is not an issue
I got a laugh out of the guy behind me the other day. He may be a neolister. Oh yeah in Jersey
I'm self-employed not saving money if I'm eating five guys I get the cheese because of that point it doesn't matter
If he's eating five guys, I don't get that
Five guys burgers. I guess the two guys I tune into you and Letterman have one great thing in common
You both have Dave Johnson on either right before or after big race letterman plays Johnson's
I kind of call when he gets him on the phone
Which always stands the hair up with the little I have and down the stretch day come yeah
I had that once upon a time in the DCS. It's gone
They've did that for us one time remember before the bell mod haven't do that. He'll do it. Okay
Dave Johnson was one of the premiere race callers of all time
I noticed he was a very easy on his good buddy and mine Tom Durkin
Used to talk to Tom once and while on year two years ago Tom Durkin
He and Dave Johnson are two of the greatest anacross Trevor Demon
And what was the old guy from hi Leah Park
It is now post time Johnny what that was his name no idea
Fred Kepasola see I told you Johnny Frity Kepasola it is now post time
And that's really something of D.Fo having Dave Johnson on there and sucking up to him after he takes every chance
Oh, you know Dave's just been mailing it in for a year there everybody's mailing it except you D.Fo
It's hard to mail it in when you have no audience when you have a point oh
Nepho boy oh boy. Yeah, why is Leslie Visser slumming around with him?
You're asking me yeah, maybe she's tired to Dick Stockton wouldn't I wouldn't blame me
If you're looking at the hang put me on with them on the phone
No, when we were doing our crossover and I just ripped him and asked and she was laughing her ass off
Dick Stockton one of the most boring
Dunderheads ever to do play by play in history terminal. Yeah, he looks uh, well, he's ugly
Like a dead man in a cheer
That that call on the red the red socks reds game the homerun by Carlton Fisk. Mm-hmm
Wasn't a Carlton Fisk or but how it was that that was one of the work if it stays fair homerun
Homerun that that's the best you could do stockton you suck. Yeah, who's uglier though hammer he'd be round
Him
Wow, I'll tell you who's really ugly a Sam Rosen we were talking about him before yeah
He is could be the ugliest he's just really ugly. I mean, I'm ugly, but not like in the not in that category
Jason says the other emailer was correct. All three does is dodging or mumble any of your questions regarding Q.A.M
George, etc. It is so obvious that joebell put flee out in there to stay real close to you in all your movements. Yeah
flee just take to the production duties and keep your benedict Arnold mouth shut
Benedict Arnold. How do you like that?
That's great. Where are you and joebell going for dinner tonight? Who's the catcher and who's the pitcher?
Oh
Judge just shut up and twist the knobs and push the buttons you were the anti-Christ what is a lot of anti-Christ going around
Let me tell you I guess the compants in my shirt on there could be more than one I guess right?
No, sure a lot of anti-Christ sure as Fr. Miran he said there is only one
There is only one
Well, that's such a great movie. I've got the the platinum
Plus version of it. You know what all the extras and all uh, mm-hmm where she's walking down the stairs backward
George recommended a good movie to me to the day that I watch that goya's ghost
Goiam. Yeah, it was really good goyems ghost the goyems ghost. Yeah, I didn't know goyems had a ghost. Oh, yeah, they're all over the place
So Steven jerseys all excited about down the stretch they come yet Dave Johnson was great. He retired way too soon
But I think they kind of pushed him out because
ABC lost the rights to all the triple crown races and once NBC got him Durkin Worcester NBC
Well, Durkin just butchered the Kentucky, Derby. I hate to say it
I mean, I mentioned it when Dave was on I and passing I mentioned it because I didn't want I knew he wouldn't want a ripened bad
But in that interesting how he said they discussed it. Yeah
And when you're looking through the binoculars you only see like you zero zero in on like two or three horses
And the one that was slipping through a cross on the inside as Bob Savage would say circling the field along the rail
The winner mine that turd he uh, he didn't see him you would think they would have a monitor as well besides binoculars
No race callers use binoculars
I don't think they have time to look down and look at the binocular and then look away and look at the program when they forget the name of the horse
I've always wondered about that
Bob Savage the late Bob Savage a cullter once upon a time
Had me up in the broad and they both with him where he was calling a race
Mm-hmm, and he was shut off the mic and say to me. I'm not crawling out there. They just crawling out there
He was good. He was nice to me Bob Savage little guy about two feet tall magic
And he married this big tall abroad from Chicago with just zillions of dollars nice. Yeah. Oh, she was loaded
And then he died
Bob Savage and on the outside it's cherry cat
William says sorry, and he like he putting my name with my messages, but it's getting chopped off
I guess it can't fit says William well at that time he's got his five six one phone number and he put the name at the end
It would be nice to put a name to it. Thanks William
See how I'm retraining these people in the
text and
emailing messages nice job
Yeah, I think so quit sucking up okay
655 votes on the pull that's not too shabby for a pull we started in the middle of the show Jimmy Dorsky go away
go away
Keep sending me all this garbage back and forth of his verbiage between him and joe bill oh god
What why am I interested if Joe's got time to do that and then that's that's the then I say let's cut his salary in half
We could save enough to bring back George. I'm sure and then some
Oh, imagine oh, yeah
Rick and plantations has been listening and enjoying you the past 30 years too bad about George nice guy
But didn't listen when he was the boss for the day show
Hmm like your style and shows much better than George. Oh, well could be wrong. But you should check out eight. Oh, I see
Yeah, I'm not declared. I'm not checking that out
Yeah
Starts the thing with a sponsor. It's just what we need
Oh boy no bonus check no
As of 1 p.m. This afternoon there was no bonus check just all you'd like to know
How do you like that? That's not good. Well, that's something you're gonna have to check into being the assistant pd
Well, I'll be going to the other building as soon as we're done. So I'll check into it
Yes, slap the uh sliper up along the side of the head. They've worked for the crow
Oh
Say where's Neil's check bitch
Neil Rogers
They sold this radio station
Now the future is in doubt
We've been talking about
Pat's sons ever since Cox pulled out now will work for Paxson
The pants of Billion if
Gone to work for Paxson
He's like Wayne with more hair
You might think that it's a bummer
When Phil and Rees gone
Say goodbye to Aaron
Summers say hi to Ron and Ron they're gone to work for Paxson
And that's matter of back
You said gone to work for Paxson
But Neil ain't changing his act
Look how many votes on the floor you can't see it because you got no computer 66. I told you ill I take this though is in our midst
I said upon again Christian boy
Right just as he can be
He wants to change the stations
Ladders WG.O.D. Now will work for Paxson
He's the plan
We've gone on work for Paxson
Paxson make the sign of the cross
Okay, well, let's see what Flea did that's his first assignment here is producer on the show
What'd you do what do you mean about the check?
Oh, I have to go to the other building for that first there's nobody here
Clarence is not there. No, now right now. He's at the other building
I think I am the only person here maybe a salesperson or two walking around
Won't you there yesterday when he assured me that it had been overnighted yesterday would be there today
I was sitting right here. It's not there. Nope
Oh, and you forgot to play the Pontiac thing
It's not in there anymore
But I'll check as soon as I go back to the other building. I just don't know the number over there
Let me know send me a text. Okay, say the bird is
The pigeon is the carrier pigeon is on a way or something
Because it looks to me like this is maybe just the beginning of the next chapter
To see how much they can piss me off and what they can do
But you know that the more than more they keep digging legal holes for themselves
And then this crap from whoever the hell is this from who is this from what
Megan
Guess what Megan
The part about being from George's mama was a joke on my part my name is Megan
I mean what I wrote sorry for being honest. I guess you would read it if you thought it wasn't true truth hurts
Another shtuch nil you didn't do enough pop pop pop pop pop you stood by and continued to do so and on and on this other crap
I think you're as spineless as the character you portray on the radio it says. I don't know. I portray the character
No, I'm not saying you should have insisted
He'd do the show when you're gone on your many vacations
But at least continue as your sidekick. Guess what
George's mama Megan I did all anybody could do there was nothing more
No for sure you did for those of you doubting that and you'll did everything that he could possibly do and then some
She says I hate joebell too, but I see you literally just crossing your arms there you'll be next to its karma
I know George feels the same way even if he says otherwise to your face. Oh, well. It's just a show
Says Megan. Hey up your ass Megan you stupid ass bitch. Yeah, George my tear to this garbage George has a truth
He tried very very hard
God almighty
Why don't you write him a check Megan if you're such a big shot if you're so worried about George why don't you write him a check for 70 grand okay?
Everybody out there's an expert everybody wants to tell me how to live my life and what to do
Yeah, I know Leslie v. Is married to Dick Stockton okay Dick Stockton blows
He stinks
Steve in Jersey says you can pull Johnson's call at the end of this tape the 88 Belmont River Ridge and I don't need to do that
He'll do it. He'll do one the special for us before the Belmont
Oh my god, here's one from a storm cat of all people. Oh, no. Oh, yes
Stormy says joebell must keep tabs on you and you'll keep your friends close but your enemies closer
I'm gonna go clearance. I'm gonna call in clearance during the break okay
And see what the hell gives
Hey, he's another pimp
Says flee seems like he's not telling you the entire truth and he explains the way man's and feels about your show
You need to say hayfully and then play the you fairy
So hey play you fairy okay, I did okay, okay
Oh
Wow everybody's whipped up into a frenzy and they and they want to whip me too
Just whip and slash and tear
John says Neil started listening to you in 89 when you were on iod I have been and always will be a fan
I believe I heard the original bridge sender call. I still laugh on I hear it. How long is that bridge tender
Bridge tender 223 I think we can get that in at the end
If I go to the break just to tatterly
It says always thought George would take over for you once you finally retired
But not to be you guys were great together already email George got a quick thank you
I wish you George and flee my best will be tuning in to George when he lands somewhere else
Thanks for the many years of entertainment you've provided for your charge John and Helen Dale Beach
By the way never forget art Fleming was the original host of jeopardy and much better than that Alex fool Alex the fool yeah
Alex Trebek he's a Canadian geek Alex Trebek did you know that I did know that he is
Your Neil it should have been spelled out more clearly in your contract George would be
etc
And such such and such a salary and violation would be a beach of contract with such and such a penalty
It sounds to me as if the wording was kind of vague
They just went ahead and fired and probably said so assuming says American Jackson
I never got to all those nifty stories you sent me this morning
About the elderly couple in pencil. They knew working out the
Yeah, that was kind of funny elderly drug defendants. Yeah, it's Ellen heroin
I'll save it for a rainy day for Monday
Ricks says can't believe there's nothing nipped not as zilts on this homepage about George not a good sendoff
Tell what's his name to f off? Yeah, I sent a thing for fat Chris to put on there two nights ago and he didn't put it on there
He read it and he responded to it as if it was like a personal message and he didn't put it on the website
That's weird
I beg your pardon. That's kind of strange. It was strange in disappointing
If you still got it fat the Chris put it on there, please although it's a little bit late now
For tomorrow. I got the jica follow-up today that I read earlier
I got his question answer thing on there that that should suffice. Okay
Jim and Miami sure says I was listening to this evening of the fat boys show quite by accident when someone called inquiring about George
The fat boys show who's that I don't know who is that
He really did get fired. I can't believe it. He wasn't you but in the last few years
He's got a lot better
I think you're right when you say wqm is gone down the flusher now. I can't wait to hear your show tomorrow fried it
That's today. This was last night
I first heard you in my days in Kalamazoo going to western in 66 to 70 have lived here for about 25 years
Finally found you again 12 or more years ago. Love the show will miss George, but we'll continue to listen
I hope they find you a good producer. Well, we got flea
We got fleas
I know maybe maybe what we need is a flea collar. What do you think?
677 votes on the poll
Yes, yes, sir. Yes
I'm one of the one of the talking about
Brigiers about watching boats that you talked about earlier about what
Brigiers cars and boats now we're talking about bridges over the
Causeway not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Okay. Yeah condoms
No
I wouldn't have been asking say but that I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
Okay, well I'm saying sir is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over
Waterways over one
Waterways yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open
To the marine traffic. Yes
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times. Well, what is the time?
I believe it's like wash our times, sir
That they are not open to marine traffic other than that they are open to marine traffic
So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too much
Absolutely correct. Well, what kind of a communist much of crap is that?
Sounds like some kind of re-endathon fascist commie pinko
Conference into me
Wait exactly
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do
Man, you better know your laws, Mr
Because you sure don't that's right
To both traffic and a hurricane too. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch the MTV and get the hell out of our lives
I want those bridges closed. Let them use the junior tunnel. Okay. You know
Let them use the McCaw's way
I think they all have to go out to George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders. How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic sir
Bye bye bye
