The music expressed on the pregame.
Come on, Joe. Take a little more time now.
Got another 90 minutes for it.
Are you not reflecting those of the beaters?
What do you think? Is that sound like a plan?
Yeah, it's for the pregame now.
I'll write the pregame.
Here's blockchain to the team.
You show me this.
I know by stormy.
That was down nine points.
Oh.
Seven points.
560 WQAM.
Presents.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Five points.
202 WQAM?
202 WQAM?
128 WQAM.
560 WQAM?
502 WQAM?
402 WQAM.
24 cents.
Oh.
Sometimes I feel myself.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripeball Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare their s**t out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rob a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All of the convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels, wire-end.
It's all free if you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution to life's complex problems.
All you have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get me considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
Here you go.
A whole bunch of dead people in Alabama and Germany and all over the world because crazy people
love guns.
Oh, yeah.
See, I mean, bombs, that's another story.
But guns?
I think guns all ought to be illegal.
Even for police, including even taser guns.
They keep showing that thing about that Polish guy.
Was he Polish or Russian?
Polish.
In Vancouver that got tasered and just died right there.
He was in the airport for like seven or eight hours.
Yeah.
High security area.
And they just ignored him until they were more and more educated.
Until they tased him.
Until they tased him and paid a lot of attention to him, made a post.
They tased and tased and he's dead.
He's still dead, by the way.
Well, ordinarily we don't do jokes, but this is kind of amusing.
Let me see your take.
All right.
Qualve tighten priests were about to be ordained.
Have you heard this?
No.
The final test was for them to line up in a straight row, totally nude, in a garden
while a sexy, beautiful, big, breasted, nude model dance before them.
Yes, I've heard it.
It's old, but cute.
Keep going.
Each priest had a small bell attached to his penis and they were told that anyone who's
bell rang when she danced in front of them would not be ordained because you'd not reach
to state of spiritual purity.
The beautiful model danced before the first candidate with no reaction.
She proceeded down the line with the same response from all the priests until she got
to the final priest, Carlos.
Poor Carlos.
As she danced his bell began to ring so loudly that it flew off cladering across the
ground and laid the rest in nearby foliage.
Embarrassed Carlos quickly scrambled where the bell came to rest.
He bent over to pick it up and all the other bells started to ring.
Rectum.
Yeah.
It's cute.
So, but it's cute.
Like me, I'm old and cute.
You're real cutie pie.
That's a bunny.
That was a 22 points.
We only got an hour and 26 minutes before the Hurricanes' pregame show.
Oh, yeah.
Kane's basketball, baby, and that's the assong I'm going to be leading into the pregame
with.
A ride.
With the beast and clearance and all those other goofballs.
So, clearance is engaged, huh?
That's what I heard.
Now, have you, so you haven't met the future Mrs. Clarence?
No.
Unless he brings her to work.
Well, why not?
Well, what do you mean socialize with our program director?
What kind of anti-Semite are you?
We don't like any of the same things.
Girls?
Well, he likes one, but I doubt he would share her with me.
Oh.
I'm sure that.
Well, maybe not.
Who knows?
Maybe if that's the only way he can get you in the middle.
Here's the poor result from yesterday.
How many votes did we get?
A thousand and seven votes.
Awww.
Staggering and everybody in their brother was sitting in all kinds of sodas.
So does that have been invented yet?
So does that have been drink, drank, drunken by anybody?
Excluding Coke or Pepsi, what's the best tasting soda?
Excellent job by George in reworking that horrible question.
Well, I'll spake English out, learn it in the heels.
Ginger ale, 122.
I'm, oh, and cream soda, eggs dot barks root beer for second.
I'm counting you.
You people have got taste in your tuchus.
Ginger ale, 122, cream soda, 108, barks root beer, 102, birch beer, 100.
Those were the top four.
Those were the contenders.
Cains warm up at 1130.
Cains have herginess attack ACC, turn them at noon and if they win, we do it all over
again tomorrow.
Go Cains.
Yeah, go Cains.
The big go into Rallye after the Abaskable fiasco mad dog into Rallye
four to seven per cane hotline seven in the eye nine to 10 dolphin tonight and then
D 10 midnight with the signal that nobody can hear.
Oh, that's right.
Orange crush 86, Dr. Pepper, 68.
What is a lot of money here?
I don't drink soda 48.
I just, I can't relate to that.
Flexing, I don't need ice cream.
I don't eat candy.
I don't breathe the fresh air or the stale air.
I don't drink soda.
Squirt 42.
But I haven't had Squirt in a long time.
I like Squirt.
I thought you had him yesterday.
What?
The Squirts.
Fresca 41, Mountain Dew 34, Mr. Pib 33.
They call me Mr. Pib.
Nehyg Grave 31, Hyers root beer 25, RC Cola 24, Verner's Gingerail 21.
Oh, you silly people.
Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda 20, Iron Beer 17.
IBC root beer 15.
Shwef's Tonic Water 11, Sun Kiss 10, Cherry 7 up 8, Stewards Orange Cream 7, Cheer
Wine 6, Varana 6, Varana.
Varana, I just drank up a bottle of Varana.
Inca Cola 4, Inca Dinkadoo, Tahitian Treat 4.
Too bad they didn't make that in diet because that's sickeningly sweet.
You wouldn't like that.
No.
Tahitian Treat.
Like Hawaiian punch kind of.
That's good though.
Fego 4, Fego La, Fanta 3, Al 8 3, Shastitu, Cactus Cooler 2, and Thumbs Up had the
big O.
Oh, Thumbs Up.
Thumbs Up your ass.
Did we ever figure out what that is?
Was it Thumbs Up or Thumbs 8?
Al 8, I don't know.
All these regional sodas that most of us never heard of before.
But that's okay.
George never heard of Fego.
Nope.
It came like in little squat bottles.
You know, like about, I don't know how many.
I saw the pictures of it.
Oh, you did?
I looked it up.
And still didn't ring any bells.
Oh, sorry.
Nope.
Here is today's pool.
It's a pretty good one.
When I was a child, the first adult I had a crush on was a teacher 116.
No, I didn't have a crush on any of my teachers.
I did.
That's what I voted for.
TV or film star 67, that's what I voted for.
And I'm trying to think back.
In fact, I looked it up life of Riley, Jr.
Jr.
West Morgan.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Wesley.
Grab my Jr.
Honey.
Can't find out too much about him.
I guess he's pretty obscure nowadays.
Maybe he's dead.
I don't know.
And then of course there was a Sabu, the Indian boy.
Yeah.
There was on the bus to Brown show with Andy Devine.
Punk your magic twanger, Froggy.
You couldn't even say that in the air today.
I'm telling you.
Not if Joyce had anything to say about it.
Punk your magic twanger.
No way.
And then of course there was a flipper.
But I wasn't, I don't know.
I guess I wasn't a little child.
I was old enough to know better.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't get started with Luke helping again.
I'm not good at it.
I never did.
Neighbor 35, babysitter 25, never had no babysitter.
Friends parent 19, Playboy model 10, family member 10.
Clergy member four.
Oh no, not father's tool.
Coach two, what about athlete?
Well, come that's not on here.
It's an athlete on here right away.
All right.
School bus driver one, President None and Dr. Ernest None.
Out of 33 votes.
It's pretty decent poll.
Not not spectacular decent.
Oh geez.
Oh Ron Brewer.
Ha ha ha ha.
First time we've ever heard from the fake Ron Brewer.
Even you ought to be excited about that.
Oh yeah.
Oh my email address has been emerged as one of one of the
200's of $15 million cash.
Oh yeah.
You know if all these things were for real, I'd be
multi-billionaire.
Oh and then this is a goofball.
Another George don't taste me bro.
Don't taste me.
That's old and still.
So I hear on the commercial says, Misha, that some kind of
canes pre games coming on 11 3 days wondering if they're
going to push your time slot in the internet.
Oh yeah.
And the internet are going to continue to show.
Let me know.
Oh yeah.
We're going to sit around to continue to show on the
internet.
I'll be out of here so fast at 11 3.
Like shot out of a cannon.
Misha, are you crazy?
Joseph guns don't people.
People kill people with guns.
Have a nice day.
That's right.
People kill people with guns and with knives and other
stuff and rocks and bombs and cars and poise.
I'm going to drain.
No and they're hands.
Yeah.
That Misha what time is her show on?
Are we going to stick around and do the rest of the show
on the internet?
What a concept.
Let's think about that for.
Oh, guess not.
I thought about it for about a second.
Not even.
Ron Brewers says hello, Neil, as I'm here taking my last
break of the day.
I wanted to let you know that the uncertainty about
picked the ponies is driving me wild.
I'm winning some money since I started doing this on
Friday.
So naturally I'm rooting against the Keynes today plus
I hate to beast so it works out for me anyway.
You know, you did well in the ratings despite what
anybody says.
It's a tough market plus you got to sports crowd all
around you.
So keep going plus the materials always appreciate it.
I'm sure it is old Ron.
That's old Ron from the appallum Stale Ron show.
Do you believe it's him?
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure of it.
I'm positive.
All let's let's take a different altitude.
All these people are the real.
Absolutely.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The real time.
The real Greg Budeau.
That's Joey Reynolds and the real Larry King and the
real Steve Rondon Arrow and the real yadda yadda yadda
yadda yadda in the real Mr. Radio Mr. Radio.
He's living proof of why guns are necessary.
Chopper crashes in the Atlantic up by a Newfoundland.
Or as they say here, Newfoundland.
Why do they say that?
I don't know.
Newfoundland.
Oh, that's a buggy.
I'm sure.
And they won't works.
Works like a charm.
Newfoundland.
So canuckie.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
Sorry, me shouldn't 1130.
We're out of here like a shot.
Oh, you should have said shot.
All these dead people and just why?
Because well, people are crazy.
People get pissed off.
People are lonely.
People are depressed.
People are angry.
People are sad.
And the other sad.
And so let's go kill a bunch of people.
Be a Roger's God.
This empty building is like a tomb.
I walk it's always at night.
I check to make sure the doors are locked tight.
When I hear a noise, I investigate with my flashlight.
What are you doing here?
My coffee is black.
I drink it.
From a thermos.
From the visionary director of 300.
Why would I protect a building I don't have any stake in?
Because it's your job.
Well, it's a really crappy job if you don't mind me saying.
And why are you naked and painted blue?
Night watch men.
The world will look up and shout.
Save us.
And I'll whisper.
No.
No, I can't.
I'm just a security guard.
But they won't hear me because I'm whispering.
Night watch men.
And I have a stained-ethyletic soak over my face.
Oh, my God.
10, 17, pretty made-off.
Just a pleaded guilty to all 11 charges.
You could face up to 150 years in jail.
What?
Why do they put such stupid things on there?
You could face up to 150 years in prison.
You know anybody who lives 150 years?
No.
So why do they put that on there?
I mean, I realize it's technically true.
But because they got to do some math when they start figuring out.
Why can't they just say he's going to spend the rest of his life in prison?
Because he might not even with that.
You're going to die in there.
Even with that kind of a sentence, they work parole out by percentages.
He ain't got no parole.
He might.
While you're in T, he's better off for himself.
He don't get parole.
Because if he gets on the outside, but I'm being, he's going to be dead.
Believe me, all those people who go, oh, can you see the line up?
Yeah.
I wonder if Sunny Fox is going to go after Moses' name, Saul Fouce.
I haven't heard from the fake Sunny Fox in a long time.
Weren't we here in rumors in the beginning that he was the one behind all these fake this one and that one?
Probably true.
Yeah, we heard that from one of the fake emails.
In Knucklehead.
Take your part, remember her?
Sure.
So thank you for playing the grassroots yesterday.
I never knew the name of the band until now, so thank you.
I mean, I understand that you young punk's out there.
Haven't been around to hear the really good music.
You hear this crap now.
It was hip-hop, jibbity-jap, crap, garbage.
I mean, anybody who thinks that P. Diddy is like a musician.
Obviously, he's never heard music.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Since I remember Fego from when I was a kid, my grandmother always had cherry and orange figure in the house.
But in cans and two-liter bottles, then she switched to Shasta and then I started bringing my own pop.
Yeah, Shasta blows.
Have a nice day, take her.
And it says Take her Park Love's Joan Jett.
Mm-hmm.
She does?
She does? How do you know that?
Because she signs all her emails that way.
No.
Well, I'll be danged.
10.19, boy, it feels like we're cheating or something today.
We're going to be out of here in an hour and some odd.
Some odd what?
Odd moments.
Never have any odd moments.
Just as long.
I can't find a damn thing about Wesley Morgan.
It's just irritating the hell out of me.
Who?
And I'm thinking the later years, junior from Life of Rhyme, the later years, when he was like, I don't know, when he was old enough to be looked at.
Because he started a day, he was like a little punky kid.
You know, I don't want the, that's bad.
But then again, I was a little punky kid too.
1950, I was eight years old.
Wow.
And I looked at that show and I thought, wow, there's really people that look like that.
You know?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Mimo.
Yeah.
Mimo, I get Mimo gay every day.
Really?
Yeah.
How is that possible?
The fake gym from Wisconsin says, I got out of South Florida 10 years ago.
But thanks to the internet, I brought you to Wisconsin with me.
I've never been in Wisconsin.
That's one of the few states I ain't never been in.
Did you see the ABC special on the Appalachian people a few weeks ago?
No, I did not.
Besides all of the incest, one of the biggest issues on the other side of the culture warp is tooth loss.
Yeah.
Which they mostly attribute to the unchecked use of Mountain Dew.
Huh.
They even put their stuff in their kids' sippy cups.
Yep.
Kids are getting cavities in their baby teeth because of it.
Must be great stuff.
Like they need something to cause them to increase tooth loss.
PSU would hate it, I'm sure, and most likely have seen it in Canada.
But tell George to check out the Twitter Park Boys.
So there's always promoting that.
I've seen a couple of episodes.
It's very funny.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, here's a real indictment of it and a reason that I wouldn't like it.
It's on the cable all over the place.
I just never stopped looking at it.
That's right.
Says, best thing to come out of Canada since Bob and Doug McKenzie.
Oh boy.
Sorry.
That's just ain't for me.
Remember Bob and Doug McKenzie?
Sure.
Great way to North.
Oh boy.
Not for me.
Yeah, right.
Not funny and the real embarrassing.
In fact, that's the most embarrassing thing to come out of Canada, I would say.
Since Jeff Rumor.
Jackie says, I wanted to see if he tried soft soap, honey, suckle, and orange peel.
No, I haven't tried honey, suckle.
Can't even say that.
Honey?
Suckle?
I'm with you about the pink grapefruit, but the honey's suckle is great.
Ginger ale with cranberry is my drink of joy.
That's a drink of joy.
That sounds pretty good.
That ginger ale with a little diet, ocean spray, cranberry.
That sounds delish, don't it?
Yeah, it does.
In fact, I'm going to leave right now and go to the store and see if I can find someone.
I'll be back about 11.25.
George, don't listen to these miserable people.
You do a great job.
Love Jackie.
Well, how do you like that?
Thanks, Jackie.
George says thanks, too.
Thanks for the memories.
So the pick-up pony thing will decide if the keens win and they're going to play again tomorrow.
Pick-up pony will do next week.
We'll push it back.
I mean, we're going to do next week anyway.
I'm assuming.
As long as they're still in business over there, but nevertheless, don't be talking stuff like that now.
That's bad.
It's very bad.
I'll tell you who's really bad is Joaquin Phoenix.
I don't understand what they...
Well, I guess there wasn't any big deal about him.
No, he's trying to make one.
I think it's contrived.
Well, that's what the story says.
Joaquin Phoenix appears to be getting into the act of being a petrion hip-hop star.
The headline Joaquin Phoenix goes after Heckler at Miami Show.
He jumped off the stage during a short performance at a Miami Beach nightclub early Thursday morning
and confronted an audience member who was heckling him, security guards dragged him back on stage
and escorted the audience member away.
It's unknown whether the confrontation and his pledge to quit acting and start rapping
are real or are put on, but actor Casey Affleck recorded the performance on camera.
Oh, I see.
Just a coincidence.
I guess it's a quinketing.
Casey Affleck and Joaquin Phoenix all these siblings are famous people.
All these klingons, all these wannabes.
In October, Phoenix's publicist's confirm he was making the career switch.
In January, he performed at Las Vegas nightclub.
The next month he made a strange appearance on Letterman's late show.
Actor Ben Stiller-Lampoon, that appearance at The Oscars, hundreds of people packed the nightclub
at the fountain with Miami Beach Hotel after the doors opened 10-30 last night.
Several of those in the audience said they came just to see Phoenix who left them cooling their heels for almost four hours
while this Joaquin played house and hip-hop music.
Phoenix came on stage just before 2 a.m. smoking a cigarette, wearing a disheveled dark suit, sneakers, and scraggly long hair and beard.
He began wrapping to a beat played by the DJ and nodding to the music all the most of the lyrics were unintelligible.
Then he responded to someone who appeared to be heckling him in the audience near the stage.
We have a double-exploative in the audience he said before jumping into the crowd.
It wasn't immediately clear whether the two men exchanged any blows.
I saw the guy screaming at Joaquin and Joaquin just came down and said,
Jorge Iedo of Miami Beach.
Security guards swarmed the scene and dragged Phoenix away.
The bizarre spectacle struck many in the audience as the latest prank in an extended far-stage by Phoenix.
Aflac and Oscar nominated actors also Phoenix's brother-in-law is making a documentary about Phoenix's career shift.
Aflac's camera was filming the whole time so it makes me think he has ulterior motive said,
Luis Gendron 23 of Miami.
I wonder if he's kind of the artist driver, Jules Gendron, who I believe was banned from Poppano Park years ago.
He knows the game he's playing, he's good at it, said, Gendron or Phoenix.
Oh, all the contrived crap.
Vetsha Mr. Ego is big into that.
Contrived.
I challenge Mr. Ego to a debate right here and now.
Don't you?
You have a challenge, Brian Crane, to a debate.
Don't you think?
Oh, yeah.
I challenge you to a debate about something, about some factory.
God.
Yeah, just...
Oh, Misha says, let's see.
I guess I'll be spending two and a half hours unhappy.
Oh.
And what's this pornographic picture she's got attached to?
Let me print this out.
What is that?
Is that Wes Morgan?
I don't think so.
Oh, no, that's her buddy.
What's his name?
The soccer player.
Cristiano Ronaldo.
Sans Shirt.
Next, there'll be one Sans Panth.
You ever wear a Sans a belt, Pants?
No.
You never did?
No, is that like a fat...
Oh, Steve Rattas.
Oh, good morning.
You'll have a recommendation for your poll.
How about a sister's friend she was hot?
Says the fake Steve-O.
No, a sister's friend, it's two, you know.
Oh, this is great.
This is the big-o.
The fake big-o sends an email.
Listen to good stuff.
I would imagine we can kill an hour easy with this crap that's coming in today.
Great.
Aren't you excited?
Are we going to be making a food show, though?
Are we going to be a part?
I will be excited when the food shows up.
Oh, well, we got the needle deal coming up.
And let's just over half an hour at 11 o'clock.
Don't let me forget about that because that's off of our usual schedule.
Yes.
The hurricane, f***ing blow!
What the hell is that?
What?
Oh, that's a good thing.
You know something, it's a good thing I accidentally hit that.
Why?
Because I'm on the wrong cut.
Oh.
Cut the crap.
This is I With This View.
CMZ.com is reporting a videotape showing Sulemon giving birth to her eight babies is now being offered for sale.
You may want to send the kids out of the room before we show you a brief clip.
Push.
Harder.
Little boogers exploded, shocking everyone.
Somewhat's disturbing.
All right, start about that.
So my close best friend Rich Pactor sends me some stuff about Westlake Morgan.
He's still alive.
Rack him.
He's 69.
I didn't make that up.
He's 69.
Still alive.
And he sends me a picture like West Morgan, like a little boy, the first one.
A little boy, okay, that's embarrassing.
Maybe Rich Pactor, like little boys, I didn't.
And I still don't.
But anyway, then there's another one later on.
And I looked at that picture and I went, like that.
Just for a second.
Are there people that really looks like that?
And of course, as I've gone through my life, I've discovered there are people not only who look like that, but even better than that.
Than that.
You know what I mean?
Oh, we got less than an hour to go here.
And Hurley Kane's warm-up pregame, whatever it is.
In fact, here's another horror he was says,
Ola, hey, Neil, Ola, George.
I just wanted to say how excited I am about the Kane's game.
Although we've struggled throughout the year, we still have a shot of making it to the NCAA tournament.
We would have to be Virginia Tech today, then be North Carolina, the Marna Garentiath.
If not, we'll end up playing in the NIT.
What's your professional opinion of the Kane's basketball team, Neil?
They suck.
You think McClinton will step it up?
Don't know, don't care.
I'm sure George has an opinion on this matter.
Keep up the great work, awesome sports radio.
We don't know, we don't care.
We're just glad they're playing at 1130 this morning.
Oh, are we happy?
We love the Kane's when they get us out of here early.
And as you've been working on studying it a bunch of emails now about South Park.
Yeah, it was a...
Brandon and Zisco, both chiming.
Brandon says, did you, do you or George have to catch the 13 season premiere of South Park last night?
Did you see it?
Of course.
It was a very good episode that centered around Kenny's new girlfriend and the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers.
It's one to see.
And making her cameo in the episode, pushing the Jonas Brothers around was Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Beath the hell out of Joey Jonas was very entertaining.
If you've seen it, if you haven't seen it, you can catch the replay at 10 o'clock Comedy Central.
I'm going to go in the...
Record it.
T-voit.
I'm going to, yeah.
T-B-R-D-B-R, whatever they call it.
Make it a perk.
You'll be glad you did.
The Jonas Brothers?
Oh, yeah.
They're not in it, though.
Oh, yeah.
Is Wesley Morgan in it?
Who?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh.
Well, that's the poll question.
My God, as we were, and of course it depends on your age.
Now, let's face it, if you were old fart like me, it's the early days of television.
So, in those days, it was like, oh my God, there are people look like that in the world, you know?
Like, it will open up a whole new world television.
Now, I mean, everybody who grew up with it, it's like you're just taking for granted.
And this and which now, there aren't...
Well, they just aren't that many.
Most of those shows, like on MTV, the people are gross.
You're off.
You're rejected.
You're out.
You're... I go away.
You know, all that crap.
And then, Paris Hilton, you want to be Paris' best new girlfriend or whatever that...
Oh, my God.
The thrill that they put on here, yeah.
Have you seen that?
How much does it pay?
Yeah, it's seen that...
What do you call it?
Promos for it?
Yeah.
The homos that I'm not going to actually watch that.
Zisco says, you probably missed a new South Park last night.
If you did, you should catch it.
As Georgia was a knee slapper, heads pretty close to a specific show, but take care of the Z-Sidesco.
Was it a side splitter?
Yeah.
Way beyond knee slapper.
Wow. And Mickey Mouse attacked a Joey Jones, huh?
Big time.
Deep to crap out of him.
Oh, yeah.
Did he grab his goods?
No, his bags.
Oh, Jerry says, parent...
Oh, add to the poll, parent's friend.
What are my mother's best friends?
Was this beautiful Puerto Rican chick?
Parents' friend.
Got it.
To the poll.
As you were a youngster growing up and you were like, oh, look at that.
There's somebody who looks like that, whoever it was.
Demzy says, Joan River did commercials for Dive's Faggot Fego.
And Fego's Celter was good.
Windix used to carry it down here.
See, I don't understand that.
How can there be a bad Celter?
That's a good question.
Isn't all Celter pretty much the same carbonated water?
Right.
It ought to be.
Maybe, you know, nasty tasting water makes nasty tasting Celter.
No, I never had bad Celter.
I remember the famous used to have the bottles.
The big bottles of Celter on the table.
Because you get such a heartburn from all that good stuff from the fried duck.
Well, what were those fried creploth?
Oh, God.
When that place went under, that was the beginning of the end.
I always said it was croquies, but it was the famous.
That was the beginning of the end for a South Florida's we used to know it.
Back when the Jews ran it.
That's those were the days when the Jews ran like, you know,
Hymen Roth.
He used to walk his dog on the beach on Collins Avenue.
He was such a wonderful man.
They loved him.
They loved Marlensky on the beach, you know that?
Yep.
And they loved that little dog.
Hymen Roth, one of the unsung heroes of the Godfather trilogy.
When you say, yep, Hymen Roth.
He had that post nasal drip.
I think that's a Jewish thing.
Post nasal drip.
It's for me and all that deli.
I thought it was because he was a...
Dying.
Old and dying.
Yeah.
My uncle did that all his life and then it'd be even before he was old and dying.
He's dead now though.
My uncle, Hymen.
Misha says, guess I'll be spending two and a half hours unhappy.
I just thought the loyal listeners would have stuck around on the Internet.
I know I would have.
Who cares about the ball game on the radio anyway?
Christian on my favorite, but I'm willing to share, still love your Misha.
And here's pictures of Christian on the beach.
Boy, he's pretty God.
I don't know, but he ain't no Wesley Morgan.
I think I West Side, I don't know.
Leave it to Rich Pactor.
Into obscure stuff.
Thanks Rich.
69 and still alive.
I wish you don't look too good now though.
That's the problem.
All these people that we got all excited about years and years and years ago.
Now they're old and daughtering like me.
Guess where I'm going by the way, 11.30 this morning.
I don't know, a woodbind.
Ah, good guess.
Oh, that's all he does is go there and sit by those lawn machines.
Yeah, you also eat poop and sleep.
Yeah, that's right.
And exchange text messages with Paco.
And every once in a while I'll get to see him, but he's busy.
He's busy now.
And now that he can drive all by himself all the time now, who's going to see him, you know.
Isn't that true?
Should I get myself a customer of that?
Once kids get their full driver's license and they can drive whenever and wherever they want, legally.
Then you never see him anymore, right?
No.
Not right or yes, right?
Incorrect.
Oh.
That depends on the person.
Well, when they're busy.
The big old says, you're the reason why my ratings are terrible.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Every afternoon, about 153 pm, you sign off to play commercials.
If that isn't enough to scare away your audience, then you come back and play the same drop in every day.
It stinks in Miami town.
That's right.
It's part of the show.
And then one of the same two or three tired old bits every single day.
It's as if you're giving the signal to shut the radio off.
I don't have to give a signal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Of course, by the time I get on, no one's left in the audience.
It's obvious that you're trying to sabotage my show and no wonder that everyone on that time slot is failed.
Everyone except the mad dog used to have giant numbers in there from two to four.
Even so, I still have acquired more new listeners in the past year than you have.
Your audience may be larger, but everyone knows it's a bunch of old people who've been listening forever.
You haven't picked up any new listeners in a decade.
Signed the big.
Oh.
And of course that stands for a lot of things.
Like one point like that.
Oh, it's the fake big old subject.
Sabotage.
Oh, Neil!
You're the thing to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
Uncultured, it's four years later.
Five, sixty, Q-A-E.
I'm son of a bitch.
In India, we like to drink.
So the dot has some fees.
But now we got some funky stuff.
That's made with bovine whizz.
I'd like to teach the world to drink.
A glass of some cow pee.
You'll never go back to drinking coke.
Cause cow urine's tasty.
It's the reality.
Cow pee.
It drinks up today.
It is very salty.
It's the reality.
It's the real thing.
Well, guess what?
A Hindu cultural group plants to launch an alternative cola drink,
speaking of yesterday's poll,
made from a fusion of medicinal herbs and cow pee.
The RSS, a Hindu nationalist conservative party,
plants to sell guajal or cow water
as a rival to soft drink giants Pepsi and Coke.
Sounds really tasty, don't it?
Oh, yeah.
Never had that taste, don't it?
No.
The drink has been developed by whatever happened with the
alley hoopla about the donuts.
What the hell, what was it?
I don't know.
Crispy cream.
Crispy creams, yeah.
Everybody started dying from eating all of them
because they discovered that they were just killer.
Loaded sugar?
Yeah, loaded with, loaded with,
a lot of sugar.
Killer, killer donuts.
How could you see a donut like that and not realize?
Hey, listen, if it tastes that good, who cares?
You can't eat only three.
I can't.
The drink has been developed by the
compound protection department of the RSS.
The organization is based in one of four holy cities
on the River Ganges.
I'm a procage, the head of the RSS told times online,
that the bovine brewed squirtly being tested
and will soon be made available to the public.
He added the drink will not contain any additives
and that the inclusion of
anniur-vidic herbs ensures it doesn't smell bad.
Oh, man.
Can you imagine if it did smell bad,
mixing that with some curry?
Woo, what a meal.
The cow is sacred to Hindus and the RSS is already
promoted and it's urine has a cure for everything
from liver disease to cancer.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, well, we heard it once already.
What do you think?
Cowpey.
Great.
Whoopi for cowpey.
Those are Indian folks, man.
They sure got a real sense of humor.
I'll say.
The cows have 89 points.
Wow, let's hear it.
Whoopi.
Whoopi and cowpey.
Oh, look at that.
So long, Sirus Tower Willis Group to rename
the landmark in Chicago.
Well, whoopi do.
Big deal.
411 votes on the pool.
Teacher is winning when I was a child.
The first adult I had a crush on was a teacher.
144.
That's because you're all, oh, oh, oh,
oh, and let's see.
What does Brandon say?
After doing little research,
last night, South Park won't air in Canada
until Friday, March 13.
That sounds like tomorrow to me.
So be on the lookout for it then.
Also, it's the first South Park episode in HD.
Well, how do you like that?
How about you didn't know that?
Nope.
Well, you're supposed to be the expert.
Oh, Yoshi Schmendrick wants to know
who's doing the pregame show.
Please tell me it's not the Beast and Josie.
So I can run as far as I can, whatever.
Sad day in WQM history says Yoshi.
Oh, yeah, like this is the first time that they preempted us
for some stupid ass UM Bull crap,
some baby crap that their clearance has got his finger deep
into.
That's what it's all about.
Clarence and the Beast and the Keynes.
Clarence, like I keep telling you,
didn't even go to school there.
Didn't go to state pen or something?
Yeah, he went to Penn State.
Penn.
He went to Penn?
Yes.
Oh, that's one of those Ivy League schools.
Yeah, Yoshi does.
Oh, no.
Oh, are you Schmendrick me?
That explains a lot.
He's getting married though, Clarence.
He's engaged and he's getting married.
He's going to be like a real man's going to start
procreating, making babies, although.
I don't know if he's got what it takes to make babies,
but I don't want to find out either.
He was searching for it that one day.
I remember a couple of years ago.
Oh, God.
I saved a couple of years ago.
We realized it's like seven and a half years.
That I've been doing most of the shows from here
and recently for all of them.
What?
Yeah.
But back in, well, I don't know.
Now that won't be an interesting piece of trivia.
Mr. Radio could work on that.
When's the last time Neil did a show from in the studio down there?
Oh, you hear that?
Come in to get you.
Now they're coming to your Clarence because he's doing
the old reach around.
Neil at Publix, they have Sunkiss and A&W
fountain ice cream flavored orange root beer soda.
What?
Sunkiss and A&W fountain ice cream flavored
orange slash root beer soda.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
And also they have a few different brands
that current jelly including their own public's brand.
A&W fountain ice cream flavored orange slash root beer soda.
I don't understand it.
Maybe somebody will draw a diaphragm for me.
Don't forget in 12 minutes we got our
Neil deal coming up.
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to do the spot now
like all separate by itself.
Okay.
Good idea.
Well, no, because we've got to coming up at 11 o'clock.
I mean the people, the automated log-grain machine
had no way of knowing that we were doing that.
The auto logger.
The auto logger had no way of knowing we were going to be doing it noon.
And then we had this horse ball game coming up.
The keen.
Oh my god.
Get on the love train for the canes.
Another great restaurant deal coming up at 11 minutes from now.
On wqm.com.
Back by popular demand the Irish pub and field.
What is it the field Irish pub and eatery and day new beach?
I'm so tongue tied.
Well, I'm tongue tied because we're on here in 40 minutes.
Just go to wqm.com click on Neil's hand prize deals.
The store opens at 11 o'clock just in little over 10 minutes from now.
And you can buy $50 certificates for 25 bucks to the field
a mile west of I-95 on Griffin Road serving lunch in dinner daily
with live music five days a week.
And George loves the field and he's sitting there breathlessly waiting for the free lunch to come in.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I am.
Yes, he is.
The field is known for great drinks.
Has an awesome variety of draft and bottled beers along with authentic Irish dishes including Irish stew,
bangers and mash, shepherds, pie and corn, beef and cabbage as well as traditional chef favorites
like roast prime rib, tenderloin, a beef and fresh mahi mahi.
Enjoy a little piece of Ireland right and brown.
Be sure to stop by for the biggest St. Paddy's day bash in town.
Call the field at 9.5.4.964.5979.
And you better be poised and ready to hop on this because these always go really, really fast.
It's one of our most popular of all the restaurants in the field.
You can buy $50 certificates for just 25 bucks.
Get on to wqm.com and find them I push and they get ready.
Get poised.
Get armed and loaded.
Or just get loaded.
Now wasn't that a good idea.
I think that was a magnificent idea.
Yes it was.
We had like a meter on it.
After the after the fact.
Would be a bad idea.
The fake Steve Rodden Eros' had just got a call from Cambril Martian.
He wants to know if you can bring some Czech soda of the reunion picnic April 18th.
Remember Czech soda from Windixie?
Yep.
Horrible stuff.
Yep.
It says stop at any local Windixie.
Brian Norcross likes the grape soda flavor.
Brian Norcross.
That's what the fake Steve Rodden Eros says.
And you may raise your good point.
That is that most of the people in the audience don't remember Steve Rodden Eros.
Who used to be a TV news guy in town.
And they don't know from Greg Budell because let's face it.
Ancient history.
Yeah.
Most of these people in history are the fake.
At least the fake Barry Jackass.
He's still around.
Yeah.
Pretend to be some current people.
Would you?
Yeah. Pretend to be some people that somebody might know who the hell they are.
Like Tom Jicke.
That's a good one.
The fake Tom Jicke.
Bad material but at least a good name.
Oh, a storm cat is back again with a threat.
Oh boy.
Eyes getting really nervous now.
Are you threatening me?
Oh, this crap is going to stop.
I got a friend and Mrs. Saga and a homeboy London Ontario.
Joe told me you don't even live here and you instigate with everybody.
No one likes you.
They go don't like you.
Goldie don't like you.
And even Kimba Bocaper hates you because you start with everybody like a damn girl.
Yeah, that's me Stormy.
I'm like a damn girl.
Got a friend and Mrs. Saga.
And one in London.
You know how far away London is?
London's over by Detroit.
It's over by Windsor.
Okay.
So maybe his friend's going to drive all the way over from London to track me down.
Kick my ass.
Threats from a stormy.
Oh boy.
Obs says I couldn't tune into your show in the days after Mr. Harvey's death.
Paul Harvey.
We would have liked to hear your comments if any.
Yeah, I said he's dead.
One thing you have to give the guy credit for his longevity.
That is correct.
He was 90 freaking years old.
He was on here for like 50 freaking years.
Wow.
Long Javiti.
I always thought he was like a not not ultra right wing, not like right wing today, but
to the right of Genghis Khan and the terminally boring.
Good day.
But I don't knock him out of these dead.
That's bad.
Why not?
Personally, I thought he was great.
Bob said I will miss his good morning.
America.
It's Friday.
Maybe you should steal it just like everything else you steal.
Just kidding.
No one else has been ripped off more than Uncle Neil says Bob.
Take care.
Thanks, Bob.
Yeah, Bob.
Now Paul Harvey, he was a legendary.
You got to give him his due.
He was, you know, right?
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
Yeah.
But I mean, not my cup of tea.
Then again, I don't like anybody anyhow because I'm a miserable old bastard.
So he's going to die lonely and miserable and horrible death.
Yeah.
I'll be dying at my machine.
That was up 106 points.
Wouldn't that be something to die at the machine?
The history of no call.
No, what is that?
Oh, no, Cal.
I thought it was the history of no calls.
This is from mostly C.
Remember Wesley C.
And Lakeland who used to be good and then he got bad.
Maybe now he's good again.
I don't know.
I doubt it.
Because even he says all the stuff he sends is crap.
West C. and Lakeland.
Okay, West.
I'm printing it out right now.
I'm right on the edge of my C.
The down's up.
I'm 1688.
Chopper crashes in the Atlantic.
Down off the newfound land coast.
How much of their heavy dude there on CNN?
With it right now.
But I watch on CBC.
They're really heavy duty with it.
His lawyers to say why he should not go to Yale.
They're on the very middle.
More than 150 years.
How do you like that?
If these counts.
If he is, in fact, found guilty of all of them.
And he's pled guilty.
What's going to happen at this point?
He's very likely that he'll be a strong argument for him to go to jail.
Because he's clear.
Can't let the way Marty Adler calls Eraser Windsor.
Fungfeng.
You don't get out of jail.
Certainly even with parole of 150 years sentence.
And what about the victims?
The individuals?
The ones who just said he ain't going to get out of parole.
That's why they made 150 years sentence.
Isn't that what you said before?
Yes.
Very perspricious on your part, Mr. George.
That was very good.
It's how it works.
So anyway, that chopper is down off the coast of Newfoundland.
Newfoundland.
I don't think I'm ever going to be going there.
Although I'm sure I've flown over that.
You fly over Nova Scotia and all of that.
All those.
Oh, in fact, when you fly back and they take their route,
you know, when they go way up north.
And then they come back down over Northern Canada.
And then you take that route and like especially in the wintertime,
when you're flying back from Europe, oh my god.
It's just it's uninhabitable.
It's just, well, it used to be all ice.
Now it's probably just water.
Nothing.
There's any such thing as global warming.
But it used to be all just ice.
And you wonder who the hell could live there?
And the obvious answer is nobody.
Nobody knows.
Wesley writes, the history of no cowl.
In 1904, a highman courier Russian immigrant who began selling soft drinks
in Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, New York years later when we came in
to follow the Jewish sanitarium for chronic disease.
Now the Kingsburg Jewish Medical Center, he and his, um,
something Morris, his boyfriend, I don't know who that is,
came up with a novel idea to create a special beverage street for the hospital's
cardiovascular patients and diabetes patients.
Highman and Morris developed a line of sugar-free soft drinks which they called no cowl.
And so in 1952, the first ever zero calorie soda was born and produced at the company's
plant in College Point, Queens, New York.
A soft drink without sugar was novelty at the time.
No cowl became renowned for special flavors like chocolate,
often mixed with a splash of milk by loyal users.
Black cherry, great with baked apples, ginger ale and root beer.
I bet you won't find out about that on the Jimmy Cifillitic show.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm on some sort of 24 years later.
560 Q-A-E.
Oh, 72 is a 7-A-Longer Show.
They're going.
This is the brain.
Yep.
Any questions?
There to my 43.
There are the streets fighting cry.
They 524.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Halendale by 20s.
We got a problem.
The grey gang is at the early tricks.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after 7-17?
Let's go get them.
They'll stop at nothing and clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up the smugging distance.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. Watch the charge.
Session to powder.
I'm going to first tell you that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
Got over 100 bags in here.
Overworked.
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yes, there comes the in-bite cops.
On a hot new beat.
In Halendale by.
Premearing this fall on MBC.
16 certificates left for the field and they'll be gone pretty soon.
We sold 84, like about a minute.
Yep.
And of course, we would have done it noon, which is the ordinary regular time and not cut everybody off balance.
Now there's only 12.
They would have all been gone by now, but now there's a dozen left. They'll be gone.
And what's the gun that's gone?
Where's your food there yet?
The food is here.
There's setting up in the kitchen and everything.
Excellent.
All right.
So that's perfect because that means you can eat and then fly.
Eat and fly.
That was up 92 points.
Where do you made off fleets guilty?
They're going to fry his ass.
Are they out of fry it?
What they had to do was chop it off and just fry his ass separate.
Now the three certificates left for the field.
How do you like that?
And next time I refresh it, they'll be gone.
Now the reason I played Halendale fights is yesterday I threatened to read this thing that somebody said it's story from 100 years ago.
I don't remember whether this was from the hair older.
They scum sentin' all or where it was from.
Does it make a difference?
No.
Halendale.
For weeks now, it's been Neil Rogers.
One of South Florida's most popular and vitriolic radio talk show hosts versus the old people of Halendale.
And I'm an old people and I still can't withstand that crowd.
They're all dead.
Rogers 44 has referred to the senior citizens of that city as, on the areas they living dead, the condo comatose and real prunes.
He's made fun of the early bird restaurant specials they patronize and mocked away they cross the street.
The old people of Halendale in response to threatened to ask advertisers to stop patronizing his radio station,
city manager RJ Intendola 36 said Rogers has the personality of all the seven dwarfs wrapped into one.
Whatever that means.
Sold out.
Sold out.
All right.
Total three minutes or less.
And even though we had the through everybody off with a goofy time.
See, I totally eleven o'clock would be the way to do it.
Did I tell you that?
Yeah.
You're talking me out today, man.
George, Barnett.
And now what did they bring you?
Oh, everything.
I got some corn beef over here, some of the potatoes soup, which I insisted on.
Mm.
Uh, cabbage, corn beef and cabbage.
What's this?
Like a sausage pastry?
The sausage puff pastry.
I live off of those things.
All right.
Excellent.
Well, enjoy while I'm reading this.
I'm going to be living in the past on a sold halendale.
Back and forth it went until Saturday when Rogers and Mova Kindle the Iotola Comanese going to a Jimmy Carter arena.
Wiener roast broadcasts radio talk show live from the diplomat mall in where else Halendale?
80 year old Betty Elkins, small but powerful.
Elbowed her way through the throng.
There were several hundred people milling about the talk show set.
Some folks yelled at Rogers.
She's alive one.
We've got a live one here.
Mrs. Elkin was not deterred.
Jabbing her finger at the bald and corpulent talk show host, she proceeded to launch into an invective as last remaining as anything Rogers has ever said.
I hope you never lived to be a senior citizen.
She's spotted.
And guess what?
I'm living as a senior citizen now and she's dead.
You can be sure that.
She was 80 then.
She's dead.
Rogers looked taken aback.
A female fan quickly jumped to his defense.
Why don't you turn him off if you don't like him?
She has Mrs. Elkin.
Mrs. Elkin replied,
if we don't listen to him, how do we know what he's saying against us?
He's a barbarian.
He's a barbarian.
Halendale is the city of 40,000 people, 60,000 during the winter season.
There are many banks, many condominiums, good shopping, a racetrack, a relatively low crime rate.
The average age is 63.
Rogers, Wienes, East Nasty, Neal or Uncle Neal consistently draws among the highest ratings on South Florida radio.
This despite the fact that he's a self-eviled Jewish atheist homosexual who thrives on radio by picking its source objects.
Reagan, organized religion, immigration of all felt his scathing monologues.
The way Rogers tells it, he started talking about Halendale's elderly only as a joke.
He played a takeoff of Miami Vice.
It's called Halendale Vice, to cops or after old people carrying the white powder sweet and low.
Very funny, what started as a joke quickly became serious.
It was Neal Rogers versus the city of Halendale, young versus old.
Every day, callers would complain on Rogers show about the elderly in Halendale.
They were careless, walking heedlessly in the middle of the street, waving their canes menacingly at motorists.
They were cheap, cramming the restaurants for the early bird specials. They were rude.
Rogers broadcast another song, this one of the tuna Jimmy Buffett's wasting Wasting Way in Halendale.
Played that yesterday, might play it again today, it's four minutes long.
So you think?
Go ahead!
At Halendale City Hall complaints about Rogers flooded in.
There was praise too, mostly from shopkeepers and restaurant tours, who thought Rogers was good for business.
After all, Halendale was being shown on TV and written up in national newspapers.
But the prevailing sentiment was outraged.
Rogers was an anti-old, a sociopath, just plain mean.
That's me, just as Johnny Dork and Greg Bidale-L-Tedia, am mean.
Halendale politician, Dordard of the City Manager, member of a country western band,
the composer-song defending the city. They started talking tough.
Maybe as some of their constituents wanted, they would urge advertisers to boycott Rogers show.
Then the diplomat, Maul, invited Rogers to appear and Rogers haven't created so much controversy agreed to come on Saturday.
He brought two cans of soda, medicated douche, symbolic of a term he uses to describe old people,
and two security guards hired by the station to look after his safety.
City officials had received warnings from people angry enough to clobber him.
Not as angry as Stormy, but almost.
He attracted a crowd that included young and old fans, indie tractors.
The fans, all ages, were told to wear red shirts.
The foes many of them older linked to the city were yellow.
There was nearly a disturbance when city officials passed out yellow caps.
There was nearly a disturbance when Mrs. Elken confronted Rogers.
No violence occurred, though.
Rogers' mother, Milnerdby Health, for 73, was there. She gave her son a big kiss.
City manager, Intendola, was there too. He defended the city on the year.
Helen Dale and Vice Mayor Arthur J. Sonny Rosenberg referred to Rogers as a version of Senator Joe McCarthy,
except he doesn't have any power.
He just has a big mouth, Rosenberg said. He engaged the talk show host before the show.
I'm 67. I'm in better shape than he is, Rosenberg yelled.
I wonder if he said that or alive.
This is 22 years ago, he'd be 89 now.
Rogers yelled back, terrific physically, but not mentally.
Then Rosenberg commented on the crowd. They don't live in Helen Dale.
Michael Goldowitz, 70, hearing it all concluded that Rogers was a man to dislike.
We are survivors of the concentration camps. He said the way he conducts himself is like Hitler.
But Abe Zama, 76, found Rogers charming. Half of them here are all morons.
He said because they don't know what they're doing. They don't like him because he's telling the truth.
Amen. Amen to that. Seems like only yesterday.
Now it seems like a hundred years ago.
I'll be all the answer.
It wasn't Helen Dale. It was so angry and so whipped up and so yaddy yaddy yaddy.
Like the one old Cocker said, they didn't like it because it was the truth.
It was the freaking truth. So we sold out with the.
Huh? Excellent. Good job guys. Thank you.
And the food I'm sure is sensation.
Oh my God. I think what we'll do is we'll do this break a little just a tad early because we only got to eleven like, you know.
For those of you looking for a good reason to tune out other than maybe you don't like to show.
The other good reason is that we got the Keynes pregame show at 11.30 this morning.
Oh God.
All right.
I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying over here.
Coming up cheesecake.
Smaking and eating shake.
All of the old folks are with them all.
The check in the CDs.
No, they never say please.
Just waiting for the early bird special to come.
The wasting weekend good old happy.
Searching for the boss teeth they left and I've left.
It's official. We sold out to field in nine minutes.
Count him Robert. Yeah.
And how dare they claim that there's a talk host to play.
Girl, what they know is their own damn phone.
A shudder in life to get the early bird on time.
Boy, they're pushing just as hard as they can.
And once they are seated, they get overheated.
It's not stuff in rows and sweeten low in their bed.
Boy, wasting away a can in good old happy.
Do do do do.
Do you think they do?
How did they say it's a bullet through the day?
But for some. And anyone in the blues.
Absolutely.
Your folks don't know the reason why nothing is pleasing.
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
What doesn't matter when they call up kneeling chatter.
You're fair.
I hate you kneeling never listen to your shudder.
They're wasting away a can in good old happy.
Just to fuck the metal music and the radio.
And how did they claim that it's the dark host to play?
But new notes.
They can't wait for your shudder.
And how did they claim that it's the dark host to play?
Oh, but new notes.
They just can't wait for your shudder.
And animal in the blues.
Oh my god, what a great combination.
That's like what was it?
Expression you use.
Quiet desperation.
Oh, living a life of quiet desperation.
That's us here at QAM.
We're living a life of quiet desperation.
1116, we got 14 minutes away from that basketball game.
And pregame show you and somebody, Virginia Tech.
That would really be great.
Pregame show at 1130.
Oh, yes.
No, yeah.
And then if the McCain's win, then we repeat tomorrow.
It's gonna replay.
We'll get out of here 1130 again.
Go, okay.
And you imagine how much extra I can lose these two days?
Yeah.
And it's all the way up to a toasty minus six today.
Boy, I'll tell you where the hell is spring already here?
One thing about the weather up north is sucks.
I'm not gonna lie to you about that.
I'm gonna say, oh, well, you know, it sucks.
It's too cold.
Windy, nasty, brutal.
We have weather and traffic on our screen all the time.
Well, that's good.
Here's the way to pull shaping up right now.
When I was a child, the first adult I had a crush on was a teacher 155.
That's winning hands down your pants.
Yeah.
And these days, a lot of teachers put in hands down, a lot of pants.
Boy.
TV, what?
How come it didn't happen to me?
No.
TV or film star 94, like Wes Morgan and Luke Halpin, those people, and Sabu, the Indian boy.
How can I remember that?
I don't even know if there was really such a person.
What?
Of course.
He used to ride around naked on that elephant.
Yep.
Dranked himself to death.
He did?
Mm-hmm.
What was he drinking that Indian, that cow pee?
Probably.
With booze.
Sabu, the Indian boy, was mixing cow pee with the vodka and a metal wicked end.
And here he had a wicked end.
I never had a childhood crush on an adult 54.
Well, that's unfortunate.
Neighbor 46, babysitter 32.
Friends parent 23, family member 15, Playboy model 12.
Clergy member 5.
A member of the clergy.
A father.
Coats 3, parents friend 1, athlete 1, only 1?
Are you kidding me?
I had the hots for Mickey Mantle.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
Hey, Mick, he's dead now.
Drunken dead.
You got an extra liver for the Mick?
School bus driver 1, and present or doctor or nurse none.
I see.
Police sees 1200 pounds of pot in spinach cans.
See, George, if you just, I know you don't like those.
You don't like your broccoli and califar.
How do you like spinach, either?
Correct.
Raw?
Yes.
No.
You like it raw?
Yeah.
What about the spinach?
That too.
Police with the New Mexico Motor Transportation Division found
1200 pounds of pot packed in cans labeled as spinach during a stop at the Gallup Port of Entry.
An inspector noticed that only a few of the cans were labeled and that the weight printed on the side of the can didn't match the actual weight.
A closer look during last Friday's bus revealed the canned drugs which were worth an estimated $1.5 million.
The four pallets of cans are being transported along with fresh produce.
The 50-year-old truck driver said he was on his way from California to the East Coast.
The driver and the pot were turned over to the DEA.
Oh, Antonio.
Tony and West Kendall said, this came in yesterday afternoon.
I don't want to leave any stones unturned.
If you catch my drift, he drifted.
He says, I see that Rupert Chuchu is continuing to hassle George.
Well, let me at least offset his latest attack.
George does a very good job as a co-host and as a host.
Your show to me is very entertaining and more important.
It's free. That's right. The price is right. If you don't like it, you mama.
I suggest to Chuchu if you don't like the program switch.
You can always listen to the history of Glenn Beck and his hyperbole of what the future is going to bring.
Neil and George keep up the great job both of you are doing because you're smoking everyone else.
You're smoking.
Saludos to George and you, Tony West Kendall.
You're smoking, I'm not.
You know, I really, it really breaks my heart that I can't smoke an ice or even a bad stogie once in a while.
I can't do it. Okay. Good. Well, no, I had those two mini strokes.
Those two T.I.s and both times after I was smoking them little little cigars, you know.
Yeah. I think it's just not good.
Cigars in me are just not cut off for each other.
If you catch my drift, catch my catch it. Yeah, I caught it.
I just don't think I can do it.
I mean, I scream, I survive eating all that crap. You know, I don't know how the hell I do it.
Avi says, love the show. You are great and so is George.
Canada Dry makes a diet cranberry gingerbread. It's great. By the way, I've had it.
It's great. You're right. It tastes like gingerbread with a bit of cranberry juice.
They sell it in grocery stores here in Miami. I assume you can find Canada Dry in Canada.
Oh, no. Wouldn't that be bad if you couldn't find Canada Dry in Canada?
The real Rocky says WTF question. Marquins basketball right in the middle of the show.
You got it. Rocky coming up very soon.
Shortly.
Well, here we go.
Up to you, up.
Later.
560 Q A M.
NEO.
Yeah.
What the hell was that?
I love me, man.
I need a friend.
I would hide all gently when I'm cute when you're at.
Welcome.
With the sharp eyes when she fly our sides we reclaim George as you see.
It's a legal drug or according to you.
The good old I will see.
Oh, right.
The day the tree.
Curious and free.
Oh, can it best be that that's born to me?
Oh, can it best be that's born to me?
Oh, the 27 Q A M.
So we got the pregame show coming up.
Is this the beast and Joe's a gacka gacka gacka gacka?
Oh, no.
Oh, we don't know.
So you'll have to stay tuned.
Stay on the edge of your seats to find out.
Now, do you ever figure out what that was that we just, uh,
that came up on there?
Was that like a.
Well, obviously you know this thing is automatically programmed.
I see.
And I don't know why that came up next and I don't know why it played.
But it did.
Well, this too, she'll pass.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that's not seat.
Look at that.
I told you that thing keeps you reprogramming yourself.
It really works if you heard.
Yeah, here we go.
We don't want to hear it.
Canes basketball coming up next and if they win,
we do the same thing again tomorrow.
Four Canes, baby, around.
Jungle Keynes.
