560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 560.
560 in day and drought in other counties, call toll free 87775 Neil or
pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones. The opinion expressed by
Neil is guests or his colleagues.
Kyung, hearing to his sky reference.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV,
Every other word is an obscenity
In years to be the cable was a whole lot worse
But now the networks like their actors curse
There's no end in sight to this insanity
All the dialogue contains profanity
Swearing like a sailor on a three day pass
Words a whole lot worse than asked
If one had fun, how would it be
Before they drop the F on on a word TV
If one had fun, there's no telling well
They'll drop one on a U-T-L
Oh my God
Hmm
Well I'm printing out today's George report
Okay
Are you okay? You sound like down in the dumpster there
No, I just a little crazy in here this morning
But I'm all right now
I only hear one side of the calls when I'm here in Joe
Which side do you hear Joe?
I don't hear the caller
You're not missing anything
So I missed Stormy
I just came
Yeah, I missed Stormcat
I'm sure he had something really important to say
Wow
Okay, let me reach back here and get this important thing from George
Are we going to talk to him today or what?
We can, sir
Well, did you discuss it with him at all?
I have not, I can
Here's what George Rodriguez says this morning
Got the message from Lee about the party Friday sounds great
I'll be there with my drinking head on
And did we put something on our website about this?
I don't see it
It's in the promotions event section right now
But cordists, once he gets in this morning, he's going to put it on the homepage
On our homepage or on a QAM page?
Well, he's going to put it on a QAM homepage
I guess Eric could maybe put it on the Neal Rogers homepage?
And where's the Eric going to get it?
I can send it to him. I have his email news
Yeah, please
Anyway, George says he'll be there Friday with his drinking head on
This is at the hard rock
What time Friday, 4 to 7 p.m.?
Correct
My website is registered but so far I just get emailed there
So George at the George Rodriguez show.com
Got a meeting at the...
Oh my God
Yeah
Got a meeting at the ticket today at 11 o'clock
And people want to bug them about giving me a job
They can write Steve White at swhite at 790theTicket.com
Really?
At the ticket
The ticket?
Wow
I would especially like potential sponsors to contact them, George, says we release people who say they will patronize sponsors of a show of mine
Sure it would be nice to work with so many of our old friends again and not until they have to leave the market
Thanks again, George. Well, good luck, George
Wouldn't that be something maybe George can do middays over there?
Maybe they'll get rid of that syndicated crap?
They got what they got?
Colin Coward. Colin Cowpile, yeah
Because evidently there's from what I'm hearing there's a lot of
Mis...uh...unhappiness over there with their new programming
With their syndicated crap in midday
And with the new morning show that really blows which is what you said
It sure does. So how's the AC coming in there?
Oh, it's nice and chilly in here today
Not...is it really?
Yeah, they actually got it fixed
Wow, and what about the dump button? Did you have any conversations about that?
Well, you don't have one and I do so I'll have to dump them now
I don't have one?
Not right now
Well, why didn't they tell me that?
Well, that's what I asked
Not that I was anticipating blurting out the F-word or any other word on the year but crap happens every once in a great while
You know, I asked that same question because that's kind of an important thing to pass along
Yeah, and they didn't and they don't know why it slipped through the cracks
Oh, it slipped through the cracks, yeah
I got a crack for it to slip
Crack them, somebody over there got a big fat one
Jesus, are you... are you...so in other words I got this button here and I pressed it three times very solidly
Really hard
Rock solid
And it didn't work
Yep
So whose fault was that?
That would be engineering, Spalp or not, let us out
They would be engineering again, oh, but we don't want to be anything negative
You know what Joe Rose said yesterday, another negative, these studios are the greatest
Why is he... what did you call him yesterday?
A ass clown suckhole or something?
Yeah, or something like that
I can't believe you said that about my good friend Joe Rose
Scott says, I could vote on your poll today if you dropped the following condition
Enough to drive me to want to kill some people
There are no one away nice noises in my life to make me want to kill somebody
Enjoying your new sidekick flea, Beth wishes for a good week Scott
Don't take it so serious Scott
I got something serious to pass along, wait till you hear it, just shocking
Even you won't believe it
But first this story, this has been sitting around for a while in my pile
So George has gone to Pum and across the street, that would be sensational
If he would get, you know, over there
Yeah, like Miguel, remember Miguel, I think they blew out, I think they blew Miguel out to hire you, didn't they?
No, there was someone in between us
Oh, some other flunky, some other, some rally out
A long-foot buddy of Joe Bell
Yeah, pretty much
And Miguel ended on his feet immediately and went across the street
And it's nothing like landing on your feet and going across the street
Not that that's a picnic over there
I wonder how many bucks they're willing to pay Georgia with there
About 30 bucks a week
Taiwanese man bitten on penis by snake while on toilet
A 51-year-old man identified as Lynn from Nantou County
was under medical care with minor injuries according to director at Pooley Christian Hospital
This is in Taiwan
As soon as he sat down, he suddenly felt a knife-like pain and reacted instinctively by standing up the director said
When he looked down, he saw a big snake
I see
Wow
The director added that as soon as he passed the risk of infection, he was free to leave the hospital adding a snake's mouth is not always clean
Local media, oh, guess what movie I saw last night speaking of a mouth being clean?
Yeah
Milk
Yeah, what do you think?
Well, let me finish this story and I'll give you my rub down on the movie
The director added that as soon as he passed the risk of infection, he was free to leave the hospital
Local media images showed the black and yellow reptile, reportedly a species of rat snake being uncoraled and plucked slowly from the man's toilet bowl
The snake is not believed to be poisonous
That reminds me of the time that I used the managerial tea room at INZ and there was like a little
Little red snake crawling around on a phone
I'm sitting on the throne
I got out of there real fast
I did a fast wipe and clean and run out
It has stopped the snake into the toilet through a crack in the living subject tank
Mr. Lindt told the Taipei Times, I felt an excruciating pain in my lower body like someone had stabbed me with a knife shortly after sitting on the toilet bowl
That's sitting
Despite the accident, he was philosophical about his injury adding it was the snake signal for help when it bit me
If it hadn't, maybe it would have been stuck in the subject tank or either suffocated or starved it
It looked like an accident but was actually faith, whatever the hell that means the snake was crying out for help
The thousand down 22 point
Okay, here's the poll 111 votes, wow, that's pretty heavy duty
Of course that went on there what on Friday?
It was the weekend poll
If I were offered an all expense paid vacation to some US spot, I've never visited before I'd want to visit
Hawaii wins hands down your pantalonis baby 305
Beautiful place, the Pacific Ocean is a million times cleaner and warmer and nicer than the Atlantic Ocean
The Atlantic Ocean is filthy
Yeah
Hawaii 305, Alaska 156, the Grand Canyon 113
Your Simit. 82 of Vega 69, San Francisco 42, don't let me forget to talk about milk
The movie, the Virgin Islands 41, Washington DC 39, New York City 35
I can't believe we even, I have 35 people out there who've never been to New York, it's wrong with you
Rocky's 28, Mississippi River cruise 25
Martha's Vineyard 25, Niagara Falls on the New Yorkside 21, Lake Tahoe 16, the Desert 12, the Deep South 12, the Wingland 12, Hollywood 12, Puerto Rico 11, Boston 9
Whitewater Rapid 7, South Florida 7, one of the great Lakes 7, which one?
Florida Panhandle 5, Nashville 4, Central Florida 3 and Philly 3
Lake Ontario sounds good to me, I can almost see it from right here
Now wait, wait till you hear this, oh first before I do this let me just tell you about milk
I've heard so much about the movie and I don't mind and interesting people in there
When I found out that James Franco was in there, I just about did a blight about black flip
I love James Franco, he's one of my favorite people in the world
And here he was, you know, tongueing and kissing and squeezing Sean Penn
Better him than me, and I'll tell you who else was in it who played a screaming
Why is he always playing some screaming, a feminine queen was an email herch
Who I really like a lot from that movie imaginary heroes which is one of my all time favorite movies, Bud
Did you see milk? Yes I did
And didn't you think email herch was like a little over the top in terms of being a screaming mincing queen?
Yeah a little bit
Wow
He didn't have much dialogue but all he did was mince
Good, golly
And Sean Penn, I thought he was really good except for the fact that there were parts of the movie when I wondered was he playing Harvey Milk or Harvey Firesteen
Yeah, there were some parts where he was like I thought he was gonna fly away but it was it was good
Yeah, I enjoyed it was a good flick
And of course Dan White did the world a favor there in the end and after they let him out of the whosco
Who does brains out?
What a lunatic
And all those ugly scenes of Anita Bryant boy brought back some memories all of them bad
Yes, he was bitter, huh?
She was a nasty right wing Bible thumping talentless, sour bitch
Anita Bryant
I lived through those days on the air
Anita Bryant an Alphan dark Bob break. Oh my god what an ugly period of time in Dave County
In fact you'll notice in the beginning when in the very beginning of the movie when they show clips of police dragging gay people away it was in Miami
Wow
Rides and riots and stuff
Good movie though milk
I'm not so sure how I hetero people would enjoy it well you liked it. Yeah, I thought it was good
It's a little bit too gay for some I'm sure yeah, especially all the kissy kissy James Franco my god
Can't believe he was in that
Yeah, for the same people that were too homophobic to enjoy like broke back mountain they they won't enjoy this one either
I hated that movie. I didn't even watch the whole thing. I got about halfway through it and I just shut it off
It was kind of a bad story, but you know some people are just a bad guy. It wasn't a love story. It was a rape story
I don't know what the hell. I can't people tell the difference. It wasn't a love story. It was a rape story
What what's coming over my thing here? I don't know oh?
It's some questionnaire here
Having nothing to do with the show with this radio station
Has to do with a Toronto situation here
Wow look at that. Okay, well, this is good. I need to disinformation
It's still coming wow
Mighty Cyrus is Hannah Montana in Hannah Montana the movie
Wait, wait, wait, wasn't there a Hannah Montana movie last year? Yeah, that's right. That was a 3d concert felt right?
Okay, so this is going to be totally different
Don't miss Hannah Montana the movie guaranteed to be nothing like Hannah Montana the concert
So anyway Eric informs me that the poll I just read was yesterday's poll and the weekend poll was about George
Oh, yeah, that's right and he's doing something about the George on the website. I'm gonna be joycing here in a few minutes maybe soon
I'm just giving the heads up on that heads up and heads down. Okay, thanks
Oh, here's Stormcat sends me an email. How do you like that? Stormy talk more sports
Hey, Neil, let's talk more sports. Don't you know? It's more important than what you talking about get you acting other stormy the fake stormy
obviously
Here's the current pool the most annoying noise
This is a Charlie B pool enough to drive me to want to kill some people that I have to put up with where I live is
See he always in a he always puts something in there that makes it over the top enough to make me want to kill some people
Why do you do that Charlie B? Why you such a drama queen?
The neighbors dog 70 the neighbors 41 the leaf floor guy 34 the neighbors stereo 20 all night parties 18
The neighbors kid 17 motorcyclist scooter 16 a souped up car engine 16 the garbage truck 13 car alarm 13
Law more 13 the ice cream truck 11
Caterwall and cats nine a traffic not traffic nine rooster nine
Plains eight train horn eight car horn seven emergency vehicle siren seven fire alarm for the street sweeper three
We got 346 vote. I think we're missing a major one though crying baby
Crying baby. Yeah, okay. Well, oh, I wasn't having put it on her, but you can't do it. No, I can't now. Yeah. Oh, you can
Yep, well, what are you got in there now?
Right now I have access to a computer
They're gonna actually put up the DCS in this room and in the
The Neil studio. So we'll have it in both locations
So hopefully I'll have that tomorrow
Well, where are you gonna be tomorrow? I'll be in here again tomorrow in the main studio probably for the rest of this week. Oh
You
You've got to be shmitten me, don't you now they're behind schedule
They're behind schedule. What a concept for Q I M
They're behind schedule
So what was the emergency
When
Oh
Oh, buddy nevin's the fake buddy nevin sends me something probably the real one
Oh, here's one take some calls you old toad. No, I'm not taking any calls. There's no chance
Take some calls
Wow
Here's here's one. It's more and well, it's not more pressing than the one I'm gonna get to but it's just shocking
What is it what is it with the x-jocks on a stink that they've been neutered
Maybe Mary says I miss most of the George report is the interviewing at another station would it be a poster producer
I don't know let's hope it's not an intent to slots his Mary. I don't care where it is more power to him. I'll promote it
I'll promote whenever he's on
And wherever he's on
Moffo says
Neil it's not just rose yesterday managed to open a show with a five minute tribute to George Corso
Fixed and the entire QM engineering staff for putting together QM's magnificent new studios
He continued with this type of praise throughout the show. Whatever happened to Jim this station stands for nothing managed
He's now a right wing tool and corporate suck up
Also, I'm head a row swear to it Neil and really liked milk. Franco and pen were great as was rolling
Question I wish George the best but how the heck would he fit in at seven 90 unless as a producer type
I like him fine on the air, but he ended up with a sports hole to do the show show there
No, I don't think he would be doing a sports show no way there or anywhere we know that
Maybe he'll be doing a non-sports show over there because the only show they have it's got any numbers the non-sports show in the afternoon
It's a little bit sports but mostly none from what I'm told
The labesters show yeah
So here's the email that really got me thinking
Especially after the one I got last night
Stephen Alexander writes give your bonus check to George if you have a conscience
Since it was basically your age and you wrote up a bad contract for George
You should give him some if not all of the bonus check you are 65 wrong 66 and have the rest of your life behind you
George is young with his life ahead of him
He is strong virile energetic and fertile. I bet if you and George had sex with 20 women in one day
Oh, that would be something he'd impregnate every one of them
Long live George, huh? Not anymore
No, that's right. He wouldn't impregnate any of them. You're I forgot about that long live George give me your bonus check
Neil no, I will not you give him a check Steven Alexander you write him a big fat check
How do you like these people if you have a conscience?
So let me tell you about this email I got last night
From an old friend of mine. I haven't seen almost 30 years
29 years friend from Kalamazoo, Michigan
Who worked for our station on the weekends is a kid in Kalamazoo
And then the last time I saw him I was at the the one month I worked at WLAC in Nashville for Dick Casper in 1980
And he and his girlfriend drove down from Michigan to a visit me
A surprise
He's been selling furniture and a furniture store at Kalamazoo for some time now. He's in a um
Shall I say bad marriage? I'm not so sure there's anything as a good marriage
Well, you're in a good marriage. Yep. Well, thank god for that. There's one
But anyway, and he's uh, he's thinking he's getting fired today
See, this is what's going on with all these people getting canned in every business not just the radio business every business
So he sends me and we've been communicating by email for a while. I've her few months on and off
Since me an email last night that he thinks today is that he's getting canned and he's going to take a bunch of pills and go to sleep
You ready for that how would you react to that? I don't know. I mean, I don't that then I didn't make no sense to me
Why people would kill themselves ever something like that. Yeah, that's what I wrote him back
I said you can collect unemployment life goes on you don't do anything crazy
Yeah, you know, I wrote him back and I see me all but I don't know what else I could do
Am I supposed to put him on a plane and bring him here and also feed him and give him my bonus check?
Yep, set in the bonus check how many people am I supposed to support in this world in which we live
That's what I like to know how many people third man
Am I supposed to support?
And by the way budding Evans and anybody else out there wants to give me a son of dance about the FCC and the word that slipped out yesterday
Wasn't my part. I had to dump button three times
Not my fault that it wasn't functioning and nobody told me about it and that stuff slips out
That's happened three or four times over the years
That you slip when you're doing live, you know, a stream of consciousness radio
Your tongue slips every once in a while
But usually you have the protection of a dump button that works in a real radio station right
Mike says Uncle Leo is this a new pursuit if procedure I listen online
I know when you're about to go to break without warning goes to commercials in mid-sentence
Well, what does that mean? I think what happens is the radio feed cuts off because of delay and they missed like the last maybe two words of the exit sweeper
Oh, well then quit bitching, okay, right
Jesus god
These people did they invent stuff the invent stuff to be upset about
I know when you got to go to a break I can hear it in the fence
Adam Kirschner the real one the reason I know that is he's got a kind of like Tom jicke. He's got a code word here
And he has a picture he sends me of the godfather's taco pizza the one I talked about yesterday
Right, he says was this the taco pizza you loved? Why are they only at the U-floatums?
Did I have godfather's that you told him? I don't know
I don't know what that even means because last time I checked they were at
Heskastations is the only godfather's in South Florida, right
Which is why they only get you floatums. I don't know what that means. I don't
But there's a picture of that beautiful taco pizza
Mm-hmm. Boy, that was good. Yeah godfather's is great
Why didn't make it in South Florida just like the same reason that the my pie didn't make it that was really good too the
Thick Chicago style. Mm-hmm
Didn't make it
Mark the customs guys sent me on my space no less. What I tell you it's really it's a real fly opener when I get something at all on my space anything
anything
From all my friends down there got so many friends on my space, but they just ignore me now
They're busy on Facebook with you
Mark the customs guy says I'm still shocked over the recent fairing of George from your show
He was an essential portion of your show will be missed
I've been listening to your program since you were back at W.I.O.D
We're even got a tour of your studio with classmates and you even offered me ice cream no joke
Well, I don't remember that since that day. I've exposed your show to friends co-workers and even the traveling public through Pearson Airport
The overall majority of people who have encountered me have been able to listen to you both
To you both and usually walk away with a smile or a chuckle
Joe Bell will get his overdue retribution one day at least
Get a cavity search at the airport. You really suck Joe
Best wishes to Jordan and future endeavors. I'll be glad to expose the public to his radio program should he go back on here
And so will I
Neil always looking forward to your next show and have a fantastic summer oh and try the Jamie Kennedy experience off King Street in Toronto
You might enjoy the tapas with lobster this sir. Howard David's a bitch
Oh, how many David's on it?
I am here
And you
I can't say anymore. I took that from me. Thanks a no small pod to that guy midday show guy
Oh, Boca. Yeah. Yeah, that's that guy. Who ever the hell out of you met him. I did it. Yeah
Out in the hallway better know whatever
Let's take some calls and shall we prestige is a Bud Pahlia city
Hello. Yeah, hi, mom. Yeah, well, you know what is it? Where are people gonna realize this?
This is a sports show in nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
Might away some they paid me to oggle and admire men this here is a show for men about men like there's
Millie bears and chats you stole the pizza. Huh? You stole the pizza. I did not take no piece
stole the pizza. I don't be ridiculous
You stole the pizza. I don't know what you're talking about. I stole the pizza. I didn't steal no pizza
stole the pizza. No, I did not steal no pizza
stole the pizza. Now see here. I ain't no pie, Bergler
stole the pizza. I did not steal the pizza
I only had one slice. They're okay. So it was a whole pie. Who cares? Those bombs had no power. I was hungry
I sacrifice a lot to you know there was no duck of browns
Just don't taste the same without the duck of browns
That's rudist. Has that marijuana said goodnight and kiss my ass. Oh the douse up about 20 points. Are you excited?
Oh, yeah, even though Maria yesterday said it was a selling opportunity. This was the time to sell the Obama bounce was over
The fake Ernie Sochins says having seen interviews of the real cleave Jones
If anything, Emil Hirsch underplayed the mincing queen quality of the character
He toned the character down if you can imagine that well at the end of the movie they showed the real people
Uh-huh. They show pictures of the real people who were portrayed by the actors in the movie
Cleve Jones is the type of person who walks up to drag queens and screams
I'm here and I'm queer get used to it. There's no such thing as two gay in this world
I thought the movie was very good. Sean Penn is a complete a-hole
But he's counted uh fearless a-hole and that's well continued to watch his movies
He pulls no punches doesn't shy away from anything and as a result his performances are real and makes him great to watch even though
He's ugly as hell. Yes, he is
How did he wind up with James Franco? That's what I would like to know
I also thought Josh Brolin did a hell of a job playing Dan White as a repressed closet and latent homosexual as well
It would have been easy to play white as a stereotypical right wing straight-laced militant fascist
Brolin made the character even more
Pathetic by making him unable to accept who he really was which is as Mo would say
gay gay
In conclusion the near brand is a drachianta and I can't wait to pee on her grave
Maybe leaves some peed-in-orth videos on as well
Worrying the brown and green are girls today the fake or any soach and I'm glad her any found his socks at a boy or any
I wonder if he's still around or any soach and
You know who that is do you know?
You know
Here's one it says to Dan white blow his brains out or you take the gas pipe
I really don't know I know we committed suicide
I thought he sealed up his car turned on ignition and inhaled deeply it says
You want to google it Dan white? I will see how he killed himself all the fact that he did do it was a plus for the human race
Greg says hi Neil. I'd like to add gunshots to the annoying noise pool. Do you want to put gunshots on there? Okay?
I
Lived in lived in Broward for 19 years and moved to LaRita in 2004
It is my nice quiet home in the country to spend my days of retirement
Where in the county and zone residential subdivision
hoghutters patrol our neighborhood at night kind of like a neighborhood watch but with bulls and guns
bulls
We've been shot at several times with real bullets whizzing through the trees above our heads
Did you know there is no long floater that prohibits discharging a firearm in residential area if there is no
Local ordinance shootaways is Greg yeah like in high alia
Hey, yesterday was Victoria day. I missed the fireworks last night
I went to bed early and then I got that email
What would you I think if you got an email like that from somebody who said they were gonna take a bunch of pills because they were gonna get fired
Well, I guess first thing how it had done is what you didn't reply. Hey don't do that. There's better ways
And yeah, that would freak me out a little bit
Would you offer would you volunteer to give me your bonus check or give me a whole bunch of money or put them on a plane and bring them
Where you are and no put them up for the rest of their lives and have another defendant
I just I just you know you reach the point where you just can't handle anymore
I'll take her park is back again. She says good morning
Thank you for your excellent suggestion what I should write in the card for my great aunt who's celebrating eights and years of being a nun
I'll be mailing the card this morning. I'm I wait to work and yes. She is old if I remember correctly. She's in her 90s. I would think so
For today's pull. I'd like to suggest panhandlers. I live across the street from a 7-11
And some evenings I can all I can hear are the homeless asking for a spare change spare some change mister have a nice day
I don't know. I don't think that qualifies for that. That's not a noise. You know is it? No
And by the way, take her what Dan White. Yeah, he killed himself by
sucking fumes in his car. He sucked fumes huh. Yeah, he sucked all right
Hockmark from across the street says and in 24 minutes they've got the big meeting with George
I'm sure George is going to give us a follow-up. I hope so and I sure hope they hire him and pay him a lot of money
well
What they might hire him but paying him a lot of money. I think that's a long show. I said I hope
I doubt that they're going to pay anybody a lot of money. They don't have it. I would say they offer him 40 grand really yeah if I could guess
And you'll you'll cover the other 30
What are you laughing about everybody's telling me to cover it? I can't afford it. I got the whole world to take care of
High kneeling Lee. I'm sorry to hear the news about George. Wish I could help but we just reformatted the whole lineup
And we just hired Jesse Agler away from you guys
Well, this this conflicts with what we're hearing
Jesse start he hired they hired him away from us guys. No, that's not true
That's not true. He wasn't working here anymore when they hired him
Hey, Hockmark you're full of crap
He started doing weekends this past Saturday as you know
Things aren't so pretty here either the moves by Steve White have been met by overwhelming disapproval from the staff and on
And the on air
Talkers I guess it's chopped off
Everybody hates having syndicated programming. I guess they don't like the Clem Kidditl Hopper show their midday
What's his name Clem Kowpyle Kowpyle he justifies it by saying it gives access to ESPN game coverage
It's just another cross cutting move good luck to all of us is Mark Hockman executive producer of the Dan LeBastered show across the street
So things aren't good over here and things aren't good over there
Good luck George
So run down this thing again about what's happening Friday
Four to seven at the hard rock yep except the hard rock cafe which is inside the hotel will be there from four to seven
Say and hide a George and buy to George and wish them the best and they'll have happy hour prices for everyone
And of course we made sure that George is taking care of so he eats and drinks for free
Groot. Oh, thank God for that. Yeah, and it's open to the public so everybody can come out
But the rest of the public doesn't eat and drink for free just make sure they know that right they get happy hour prices
Well, good yeah
Which means bring some cash and bring a bag of money to George too. I already like Stephen Alexander
Oh, if you have a conscience you'll do this and you'll do that
They know what this is like this is like a pile-on what's going on here
They're piling on
George gets candid right away. Let's pile on the old man now. Okay. Oh, he blurted out a word yesterday
We're contacting the FCC is gonna have to pay a big fine. He's gonna get fired. Bob Bob Bob and then all this other crap
Pile it on
Your cheap you're old you're dying. It's really easy for them to give away other people's money, isn't it? No, yeah
I don't have any problem with that. I'll give away a
And the beastly's money
Let's have a severance package of about two million dollars for George. That should take care of him for a couple of months here
Cliff and Kendall says he oh, he sends me the he didn't say it. He sent it
From Lima, Peru
Peru is called out riot police to control hundreds of young girls swarming the hotel where the Jonas brothers are staying
Oh my god
Thousands of other fans have lined up for the group's world tour premiere
The boy band is performing two concerts in Lima because a mexico concert was postponed due to the swine flu epidemic
The first Lima concert sold out in hours and 60,000 people expected for each show up Monday and Tuesday
Uh
Police blocked off traffic on Sundays more than a thousand fans met Nick Joe and Kevin Jonas at the ocean front Miriam hotel
dozens of girls slept in a park outside the hotel to be close to their idols. Oh my god
What a great way to start off our new world tour the group posted it on its website on Monday
They're in Lima, Peru. Oh boy
The douse up 29 points
Things are looking up
We might get in our new studio someday maybe next week. Who knows what day it's gonna be
What is it that they haven't finished in there yet?
Meal
Now you're gonna move that spot to the next breakershade do it now. No, I moved it
Because if you look at the log you see where the award live is it's not where the other ones usually are
Well, the numbers are of the spots the carts right the stuff
It's ticky-d baby and this year's American Idol is a beautiful show
But here's my final form of this box lineup. You got Alison from LA. She's the Cindy Brady in this bunch
She sells seashells by the sea shore Scott McIntyre is a real blindy McBlinderson
A sign language singing sensation from Scottsdale and how can he not love Danny Gokie the Wisconsin winner
Is not one of the he's not the genre. No he delivers baby
But far in a way the favorite to read all Adam Lambert. Oh, I got a man crush
This kid this p-y-t is a real p-d-p
A cookover is talk about bad name
1046 at 560 WQ and we got the big oha to a clock mad dog at chulas at four the off in the night at seven and then the um
8 to 9 8 to 9
That's what it says. Oh, I scheduled because nine o'clock. We got the Lakers and the nuggets from ESPN radio right
The Lakers and the Nougat's I'm taking the nuggets
And then we got that um you and that you and baseball game tomorrow noon to four and it says here on wqam.com
Right
So maybe not on your Rogers dot com not on your Rogers dot com but on the qam dot com
Oh, thank God for that. So those who want to listen online you'll still be able to hear the show tomorrow maybe
Mike Johnson says as an FYI and I'm getting several of these
This is the third time that the stream has begun running commercials prematurely in the middle of your conversations
It would have been nice for that horse ball station. We actually give the online listeners a full day of listening to you before that stupid ball game tomorrow
George Joe Corso you sucks as Mike Joe. Joe Corso you suck
Yeah, the stream is all screwed up everything is all screwed up. Yeah
But not on the Joe Rosen mad dog mandat show
They're delighted with the engineering
Studios are magnificent. Everything is fantastic. Our studio on the other hand isn't ready yet. Yeah
And our streaming is all screwed up
But I ended the delay the dump button wasn't working yesterday and mine still isn't today is what you're telling me that is correct
And where did they put the one in there that you couldn't find yesterday? Oh, it's up on this rack like way up like three feet above my head
Oh great. Yeah
Not on the board where I was looking
Did they show you this before we went on the air? No, they showed me obviously not right
But now I know where it's at so
Yeah, that's right. So I can swear away. Curse away. No thanks
Adam Oshmuck says would you ever consider coming down to a J's game? No
I went with my dad a few days ago. It was a total riot
We saw some guy ride his rascal right into oncoming traffic
There's the people getting nailed in the face by fall balls and the fake homeless guys after the game
It's a really good time when you have a great time there Adam. I'm not going. I watch it on TV
I do watch the blue jays. They're hotter as a pistol. Yeah
Baseball to me is boring as hell. I don't pay too much attention with any more for years now
But I've been watching some of the blue jays. I'm a bandwagon jumper. You know like everybody else
We love the blue jays. They won again. How about those penguins beat the
Carolina nothing could be finer than to beat up Carolina last night
But I don't tell me it's going to be Pittsburgh and Detroit again. Wouldn't that be boring? Yeah
That was up 21 points
Barry Jackass is I'm hearing from my sources at 790 the ticket that George Rodriguez has been considered for the morning show with George Siddano
George would be executive producer and honor contributor both Howard Davis and Steve White appreciate
George's talents and his contributions of the erudgers show
They're leaning to doing more of a sports light show in the morning as they've had success with that format in that
noon drive
So how would that be George in the morning? That'd be weird and peeding with us. It would be what? Maybe a little weird
Brandances. I must say the stream never did that before just cutting to a break like that
We used to hear the sound or not anymore
Now it just goes directly to break and it catches you off guard because you're not sure if it cut you off or not
And it doesn't catch me off. Oh, I'm meaning the listener. Yeah
They got to fix it. They've got to fix it so we know you actually meant to go to a break
Try not to be a pain in the ass, but just letting you know I heard it too. Everybody heard it. Yeah, they're working on it
They're working on it. Who told you that? George Corsa. Did he really? Yeah heck of a job George
No complaints now. That's what Joe Rosen struck to the saw yesterday. No complaints. Everything is state of the art
Fabulous. So that's what they're saying. Mm-hmm. They must have those guys really under their thumb
Mike W. Invocuses. I don't know much about radio. Just wanted to let you know. I've never noticed it before
Thought it was them trying to cut you short to go to the paying advertiser. Not meant to be a complaint
Okay, it's not a complaint, but
Yeah, we know about it. They're working on it. That's what they're telling us. They're working on it
There's a streaming thing
Frank says just how responsible is flee for the firing of George if you don't know ask him on the ear
Haven't I already asked you one ear? Yes, and what did you say? I'm not responsible at all
This one says I drove down this weekend from South Carolina to visit friends and family
I went to Tiger Direct to get some computer stuff on Sunday
I looked around for flee, but surprise surprise he wasn't around
Why would you have been a Tiger Direct on Sunday? I was there on Saturday. No wrong day, Frank
I wanted to rip him a new one. Maybe you can tell flee you can act like a man
Wow
Got that with exclamation and all that stuff there. Well if anybody wants to rip me
They can't on Friday at George's party. I'll be there. That's right
Show up on Friday and act like a man
For Christ's sake
Right, so show up at the hard rock Friday four to seven p.m
Since I will always listen to you. Maybe this is a good thing for George and a long run
I like when you gave flee the silent treatment the other day after George got fired that was amazing
Did I give you the silent treatment when was that never?
flee is not a broadcast and the show we didn't in his own was horrible
It sounded like worse than a WVUM show. He's gonna make your ratings tank this summer
Maybe that was their plan all along to get rid of you
Oh, and this is a um we keep getting these for places that are not sponsors
But I you know, maybe they will become sponsors someday
You can't be too nice to people in business these days because we all need the money
The first 500 people at the new coral springs penera bread which opened today will receive free coffee mugs and free coffee to fill those mugs for two weeks
Wow
The new location is the turtle crossing shopping center on Walser Road and state road seven
It opens at 6.30 in the morning but the coffee and mug giveaway started at 10 this morning. There's a limit of one mug per guest
This is the 21st penera in Broward in Palm Beach counties owned by Warren or how based
Coffelli enterprises Warren, Ohio
You ever hear of Warren, Ohio? I never did
Nope, I know Finley, Ohio home of Joe Mars, Jr
I'm gonna choice during this next break. Don't let me forget
Don't let me forget to go in Joyce. Okay
Now this is interesting because it says on top of this email from Pat Galvin and on the bottom best of luck Rick of Rick and Suz
Oh, yeah
It says it's obvious you're still in shock over this firing of George
Flea is a nice guy, but he has little to offer the show
When you mentioned a movie George had seen it or knew about it. Flea had no clue in the dead era's brutal
You saw milk
Yep
Maybe it's time to seek out a better deal and reunite with George screw QM in the sport holes
You know seek out a better deal. Where's that gonna be, huh? You could do this the rest for it
At 9.90 you could do this more 7.90. Digging pay me 58 year
Bucks
I know you'll love the money, but your show was 10 times better when you had the real bits and loud use off color language
Best of luck Rick of Rick and Suz yeah, right off color language my ass
Oh, they're just all dancing oh that word got on yesterday. You're gonna be in big trouble mister. I don't think so
And if anybody gets fine guess who's gonna have to pay it now me not me
them
The beesleys who don't have a functioning dump button here not even not even with my knowledge
And on the one day I make a slip and blurt something out
I hit the button three times and nothing happens. You know, I wonder if this dump button has even been tested
I don't know
Well, I'm sure it's how not tested them out you go ahead
Well, what do you mean if it's ever been tested? Well, when you assume when you hook something up you attest to see if it works
And why what why wouldn't they have communicated with me or the fact that this button was gonna be an operative?
Well, you know, it wouldn't have done much good anyway because even if you know even if I would have known it
You didn't know where the one there was anyway
Atlanta rapper dollar slain in Beverly Hills dollar
Send a dollar to George come on. There's a picture of dollar
LA police question a man today in connection with the slang of Atlanta rapper dollar who was shot Monday outside of popular Beverly Hills mall well
Oh
Oh, here we go per se in Miami Lakes rights
I keep hearing you have the whole world to take care of and cannot subsidize Georgia's salary
Can you please elaborate on that? No, I can't and won't none of your business
You're mostly to blame for this whole thing for luring a bumbling idiot for an attorney butch up and take care of George
You take care of them
People who are so concerned about George on here's one are you coming to Georgia's party can't do it. I got to work
I can't suddenly miraculously appear between two p.m. and four o'clock down there at the hard rock
Neil all you can do is call suicide prevention either way you can't win
I said something stupid like that one day was taken to a suicide watch room at the hospital just
Just do it not best of luck to your friend. Everyone always says it's the money. You you what?
Until you don't have any I don't know what that means
How can I call suicide prevention? I don't know his address. I don't he's in Kalamazoo Michigan somewhere
I guess and that's all I know I don't have a phone number. I don't have an address
Would you call suicide prevention if you got an email like that or not if I didn't know where the person was right
All these all these experts out there you need to do this and you need to do that and do this and do that and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah
And even hearing from the anxious buddy Nevin's little little oh my god
Ever seen buddy Nevin's now
He used to work at the Sun Centle before he got you mid-canned too
homophobic right wing
Slimey he looks like he just crawled out of a dumpster buddy Nevin's
Just waiting to jump on the bandwagon
ah
1056 at 560 wqm wow. I just got an email from your buddy Joe Bell
Okay
It says the beastly engineering staff has done the tremendous job of getting power in wqm moved
Into the kiss building. They're knocking out problems as quickly as they can keep us posted of any problems
You have and they'll get it fixed
Unfortunately doing the work is not nearly as easy as critiquing it
Wow
How do you like that for another stoch a shot?
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your buddy. How's that studio coming Joe?
Any questions
It's big oh show big oh show
Yeah, we are everyone and I understand that many of you are in danger of losing your drive in home
If it hasn't happened already so I'd like to turn your attention to the Denver Nuggets. Hey
How about those nuggets? I'd prefer to call them nuggets. I like
Andy
Nuget candy comes in many different forms my favorite
Nuggets looks like cake that they have to chip away at least for you to put him in now
Yes, yes, the Denver
I'm gonna take a few moments now to contemplate my
Buddy button your show through my nose
Oh, we got a car here big oh hello
You're fat and I don't want to be your friend. It's sepless. Why do you crank my show?
A show indeed. I didn't hear one reference to Obama being a kami pinko Buddhist
This is a sports show we bleed sports here in fact I'm wearing a tampon right now
To be a sport hole is to be a crazy right
Hey sports is my life not you
I care deeply for my family and if anything happens to them my primary concern would be Dwayne Roads muscles phasm
That's just how much I love men in short pants and knee high socks
I refuse to offer you my carton of wine
You should only choke on that poison
I hate you I hate you too
Hate you mine
So a costic email from jolly joebell how do you like that?
Yeah, I see some more ugly days coming. I could be wrong about that. Don't you can't you smell it seems like someone's a little sensitive
Well engineering and then one thing about this radio station engineering
I don't want to mention course over my name but engineering at this company has been always very uptight and sensitive
Even going back to the day when Bob Vermuth was the corporate chief engineer. Oh, yeah long gone
And you ought to see the mess he left an Amsterdam in my studio there. Oh my god the the Dutch engineer
Was ready to blow his brains out
He was so upset and then Vermuth just gave up he you know he got on a plane the next morning left
And left behind a real mess
But critiquing it's a lot easier than doing it. Yeah, whatever the hell that means. I guess that's like management
I got two conflicting emails very jackassism hearing sadano is campaigning for George and
The fake Tom jikas says and this is the fake. I hear waxy's interested in George perhaps to replace the herd with colon cow pile 10 to 1
Georgian Miguel midday's question mark
What do you uh, I don't know sound sweet about it just it just seems to me odd that even just thinking of George being on that station
Why is that because he just doesn't fit in there
But I guess if they're willing to broaden that be good. Oh my phone's ringing. I'll be right back. Okay. Oh
I don't really think I need a
Blow-by-blow critique of the show either joe bill
Don't you have other things to do beside listen to the show and critique it you would think
and and have um
ping contest with the chronic emailers back and forth
Oh, I got my fax paper just arrived downstairs a whole case of it. Oh good
So anyway, there's the two conflicting reports and George is over there right now as we speak in a meeting
And joe seems to be in a really surly mood today. How unusual
It's not gonna work joe. I'm showing up every day, okay
So so what was the fallout yesterday from the um f-word getting on here very little believe it or not really
I believe it. Yeah, I was surprised. Well, who's gonna take the fall for that?
Not you are on me not me either
When I'm sitting here and I hit this button real nice and hard three times
I have every reason to believe it's supposed to work. It's worked up until this week
So now this transition is all to a hasty transition to the new building. Oh, Jesus. It was like well. What was the hurry? What was the big son of dance?
for
Like speedness up. Yeah, the speed up to move to the new building. What was the big well
What I heard is if we stayed a day past the end of May so if we went into June 1st
We would have to pay that building $60,000
Yeah
So today's only the 19th of May, right and they're still working on stuff
I guess and the salespeople are still there
Any old building really yeah some of the power people came over today
But the QAM guys were staying there until I think uh after tomorrow Thursday
What do you mean the QM guys the salespeople
So in other words, we're still occupying that building and we could still be broadcasting from there
And we would that episode wouldn't have happened yesterday correct. I see
Anyway, just on my crackberry got the same email came through again from Jolly Joe Bell
About QAM engineering and they've done a fantastic job ladies and gentlemen
These are state-of-the-art studios and flee is back into broom closet, but he's got AC today. Let's hear it
Let's hear it for flee
I wonder how Georgia's doing over there across the street. I sure hope he gives me a breathless
text message when he gets done. Yeah
When that be great yep
Byron peg and mustard the wonder dog boy you talk about chronic and meridian Idaho
There are only people in meridian Idaho in fact
Probably aren't any other people who live there
It says if your friend doesn't respond you email by the end of the day meaning the one who's sitting might be suicidal
Maybe you should call a police for them to check him out the impression isn't something to mess with I don't have an address. Don't you understand?
I don't have an address. I don't have a phone number. I don't have an address. I don't have
All of these things right. I just have a name
I
Don't have the name of the business where he was working where he thinks he's getting canned today
Now this is an email that makes I don't know
From Johnny Valdez do you know Johnny Valdez? I do not
It says I knew about the red light on cars, but not the star 77
It was about one p.m. In the afternoon at a Lauren whoever the hell Lauren was was driving to visit a friend
An unmarked police car pulled up behind her and put his lights on
Lauren's parents have always told her never to pull over for an unmarked car on the side of the road
But ran to the way till they get to a gas station etc
Lauren had actually listened to her parents advice and promptly called star 77 on herself
Hoded tell a police dispatcher. She would not pull over right away
She proceeded to tell the dispatcher there was an unmarked police car with a flashing red light on his rooftop behind her
The dispatcher checked to see if there were police cars where she was and there weren't
He told her to keep driving say common he had the backup already on the way
Ten minutes later four cop cars surrounded her in the unmarked car behind her
One policeman went to her side the other surrounded the car behind they pulled the guy from the car and tackled him to the ground
The man was a convicted rapist and wanted for other crimes. How do you like that?
Wow
I never knew about the star 77 cell phone feature
But especially for a woman alone in the car. You should not pull over for an unmarked car
Apparently police have to respect your right to keep going to a safe place
Speaking to a service representative at Bell mobility confirmed that star 77 was a direct link to a state trooper info
So now it's your turn to let all your friends know about star 77 it applies to all 50 states
So I'm letting you all know star 77
It's easy to remember because it's 77
Right? Yeah, by the way, you forgot to tell me to go to Joyce. Oh
Sorry didn't do it. It's it's it'll happen
I'll tell you who else is really depressed is KJ you know our good friend KJ
KJ
KJ who does a bunch of bits. Oh, yeah
For years
Going back to IOD even
He says hi Neil. I don't know what you want to do with me. I don't know what that means
I don't want to do nothing with you
But we still like to contribute to the show
However, I'm reluctant to drive down to the new studio to turn in my bits because I have no idea if you ever hear them
Or if I'd ever get paid for them. Why wouldn't I hear him if KJ comes by you'll you'll send me the bits or play him for me
Sure
As it stands right now
I've got two outstanding invoices that I might or might not get a check for and I try to get around this
I asked Jeanie to attach an MP three of my latest bit a man with no job take a wild guess what it's about
Couldn't be about George could it. I know you don't normally do attachments
But I didn't know how else to get it to you. Well, I don't do attachments KJ and unfortunately even if I do open it
Which I won't I can't put it in my computer anyway. I can't run it through the board
Then he's got a thing here about fat man after dark
With his name and he's a lawyer and he's this and he's that
It says anyway. I hope you're like my bit. Please let me know what you want to do with me after 14 years of this
I think I'm still good for something. It's your call of KJ. I still want your stuff, and I still want I hope you get paid for it
Oh, you pay him for it Neil. Come on now. You show out a few bucks for those bits KJ is great. Yeah, he is great
In fact
Let me give you a sample of one of his bits
Uh
Oh
Well, I'm I'm trying to think of one in particular. How about this
That's that about that that's KJ all those at his good. He does he has a lot of good stuff
He's very good. He's no bokeh chicken neck, but then again who is now
Are you taking care of chicken act to you? I am
How many people in the world would you like me to subsidize support?
I'd like to know from all you experts
Support 30 people you're making big bucks
This freaking joe bill man you talk about a temperamental jerk jackass
Well, here's one it says a shameless request. Can you play oh no, I'm not playing that
It's one that we're not allowed to play no more
Jose the copier guy from homestead says it'll be great to hear George in the afternoon drive go George
Or great to hear him anywhere
What do you think would you listen to George yes? I would even from 10 to 2 well that be hard
Timothy says
Female college student pulled over in her car by cop impersonating would be rapist is rescued by real officer after dialing
Star 70 seven on his cell phone. I just got through driving this or reading it driving it and reading it
You think it's just a coincidence could be
And I'm Oshima who's an expert on everything a little tubby goofball being a suicidal person myself
I believe you did the right thing
There's not much more you can do without an address
It's a person really is in danger more than likely. They'll try to seek help
It's kind of cool that after all these years the guy was still thinking of you anyway
All the best to you and your friend
Being suicidal now Adam tells me he's suicidal Adam Oshmok
Maybe I should drive over to kitchen waterloo and give him some money too or pat on the head
Oh my god, it's just it's just amazing you know
Yes, I guess it's my fault and probably yours too that the studio isn't ready yet
And that the dump button here doesn't function and nobody told us anything about a dump button there where it was or this and that
I mean these are basic things these are elementary my dear Watson these are like you know math 101
And I have to get a cost to email from the general mangane give me a lecture a song and an answer about oh the engineering is doing a phenomenal job
Yeah, not for us. They're not
Not for us. I guess that's because we don't count. It's only the Neorodger show
I know that the Lord even loves Neorodger
You're the night
Was there a fight on the heart of July
Because now his cousins dead up all it in the head
What happened we don't know
Something fishy smells but he won't tell
So well
You
Not so long
He was standing on his folks long and he was crying
And
Ryan
It's hard to understand it was an accident
With two shots lying
I don't know why
Your agent
And
claims the cops reports on truth
I want you know some more so tell me what's the score
Ryan what did you do
Accident
To leave
Or just maybe
Yeah
What did you do
Oh
What did you do
Yes
Now he's gone
And from this moment on
We're asking Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
Ryan
And you
You
You
You
You
That's the Ray KJ. It's one of his best
You like it very nice
Really well
So I sent your buddy Joe Bill
I reply email to his email about the critiquing
Unfortunately doing the work is a lot more difficult than critiquing it
I said kind of like management huh
Haven't got a response yet, but I'm sure I'll get some cost to reply from your fat ass buddy
I'm sure you are what a turd
What an absolute turd
It's not gonna work Joe. I'll be here tomorrow
And Thursday and Friday
Let me tell you right now as of this moment
There is absolutely positively no doubt none in my mind
That the firing of George was part of this master plan to give me to take a walk not gonna happen
What do you think flea? I don't think so
What do you hear flea? What are your plans for the summer?
I don't know I guess start working on that
You're gonna be doing the um fill in or you're just gonna be doing the show
I'll be doing the show and hopefully quarters will be doing the show with me
I don't mean by that. I mean are you gonna be doing the show is the poster is the fill in
As the fill in host I see
Star 77 by the way is urban legend. Sorry. I got I got head on that
And it was a long ponderous email too
But several people have emailed me to the and policies star 77 is
Part-wheel part urban legend while there have been many documented cases of people impersonating law enforcement officers
Nor to carry out their plans star 77 does not automatically call a police or state police and every state only a handful
It varies in florida. Have to know star 347 star fhp to get highway patrol
ps get George getting fired sucks and Joe Bell is the anti-Christ. Yeah, I would agree with that
Go do some managing jolly joe. Okay. There's stuff that needs to be done in that building obviously
Go supervisor go get it done get her done
Instead of wasting your time sending me caustic hostile sarcastic emails
That's my response to your email
What was the emergency? I mean everything in the other building works as fine
And if we had another two weeks until June 1st
What was the emergency to get in here when we don't have the studio ready? It's a good question
Yeah, why don't you ask your fat ass friend that next time you see him, okay?
Say what was the big emergency to get over here?
The line works fine. Yeah
That's about it. That's all we were kind of wondering into same here
You know, we're wondering why the big rush if we still have two more weeks, but I'm sure they have their reasons
So in other words, it wasn't just me that was wondering how loud no when things aren't finished yet for us
And like you said yesterday
Well, we were under the impression of this studio our studio is going to be done first is that what we were told yes
Tommy jica the fake ones is I too am hearing George has been considered to morning show while he's over there right now interviewing across the street
Would that be something would that be a kick in their ass? Yeah, I shot him a text to let us know how it goes when he's done
Did he respond well? He's in the middle of a meeting and you're you're sending him text yeah when he's busy. He's busy, man
One thing I've been taught over the last two years is don't text people when they're busy
You know what I mean? No, I'm busy
Oh jays says every email message contains the physical address where it came from
Through the IP address in the header section just forward that message to the authorities. They'll be able to figure it out the FBI first to local police
The FBI yeah the FBI
I get a text message from a friend an old friend from I haven't seen an almost 30 years last night
Who was telling me he's gonna get fired today and he's gonna take some pills and commit suicide and I'm gonna get in touch with the FBI sure
Jesus got almighty
Kennedy Gramer says KG is guitar man. No, he is not
Well, when did I say KJ was guitar man? Never guitar man has done anything for us in ages
He does sit down comedy over there in a Palm Beach somewhere
I keep asking or I did keep asking George. Whatever happened to him
That's guitar man
Yeah, that's as much as I'm playing with that after yesterday. I'm a little gunshot you know what?
Yeah, very says star 77 is an urban myth urban legend with or without what's his name?
Curolito
What now what did you see recommend for dream I did you like that I thought it was okay. It was okay. Yeah
Just okay just okay. Oh
My god, I'm calling star 77 right now
77
87
Urban legend. Yeah, it cannot be completed. Wow
Maybe that's because you're not being followed by some terrorist
I thought that was a great movie not a good one the ending was you know
I don't want to spoil it for everybody although I have a habit of doing that spoilers
The ending left me limp because we don't know what that'll happen
I mean George's bitch in about like Magnolia, which I thought Magnolia. Did you see Magnolia? Yeah
George is always bitching that we needed to find out more about what happened all the characters in the movie
I thought that movie was great. I thought oh, how do you like that?
Flea finally hits one out of the park it was great
Magnolia, it's one of my all-time favorite movies
George bitches about the ending in there
But what about the ending in Requiem for a dream which he loves that movie and so do I and I think you like it too
But what about the ending there what happened to Sarah? I don't know
What happened to Jared I don't know
With that purple a thing in his arm that's festering purple haze and is elbow there any inside of his elbow
What happened to all those people and what about Jennifer Conley what happened to her is she still doing asked to
Reckham ask I don't know but she's hot. You're gonna ask somebody about that
Well, don't let me forget two things first do a choice which I don't think I'm gonna wind up doing and
Number because you know you know unless you take the opportunity
Let's see if I have a reply to my email from jolly Joe
I don't want to get into a back and forth with him on this stupid crap, you know
The beastly engineering staff is an tremendous job of getting power. Well, that's great. That's your opinion
Okay, the fact that you say it doesn't make it fact Mr. Hodg shot oh
Here's one my heart goes out to joebell. This is great
Boy this is great you want to hear this sure after the break, okay?
Once I was sitting in a tether
Having a few draft beers with some
When in walked a group of most peculiar people I
Wasn't really sure if they were
Now I have never ever seen a
From where I come they are so very rare you fairy
But what I saw it made me want to
But I knew that it was in polite to stare
Those are the games
That's while your friends grabbed their butts are the gaze
Well who knows where they'll let one go so let's you know play it safe
That's us play it safe and cowardly a Q a.m. Right? Yeah
Especially since that dump button you got it may have never been tested yet all the engineering is very difficult to do and very easy to critique
We should test it. They are so thin skinned man
I remember many years ago back shortly after we first came to the station
And I was given all the kudos in the world a corso who had to work his ass off to get the studio
The makeshift studio on the second floor ready for us to start December 30th 11 and a half years ago
But there was some some deal that was going on and
Right away they put a big sign up on the engineering door. Oh worldwide studios and international broadcast in
24-7 broadcast like 24-7 broadcasts is like something novel and original and yeah
Something unique right they are so and who the hell were they putting that up for who's benefit?
I don't know
The Bows up 11 points. It's not doing much today
Very jackass as I'm hearing that George is meeting with Steve White and George Sennano was giddy over this he's giddy
I
Her to show is pretty shmitty, but he's really giddy. Did you say a show sucks? Yes
Jorge said I know they could Jorge and Jorge. Oh my god. Yeah
And the morning
Here's the poll 459 vote the most annoying noise enough to drive me to want to kill some people that I have to put up with where I live is
The neighbor's dog 91 I love dogs, but I don't like parking dogs especially when it's somebody else's when it's yours
You're not happy about it and you try to shut them up, but when it's somebody else's then you really get p old
The neighbor's 51 the lead floor guy 43 the neighbor's stereo 27 by the way. I did not do a choice
Still all night parties 24 the neighbor's kids 21 motorcyclist scooter 20 a souped up car engine 19 car alarm 19
Law and more 18 the garbage truck 17 a rooster 14
Catawall and cats 13 traffic 12 the ice cream truck 12 car horn 11 emergency vehicle sirens 11 train horn 10 planes 9 fire alarm 6 gunshots for crying baby 4 the street sweeper 3
459 votes
I'll tell you another sound that yeah bugs the hell out of me is that one
Drives me nuts
Here's the one that I started to a tease you on my heart goes out to Joe Bell
With a crank name on this email that I can't even read on here
What many of the people out there failed to realize is that Joe Bell is doing his job
I wouldn't be surprised if this was from your buddy fat ass jolly Joe
He merely receives orders and carries them out
There's a higher chain of command and that's who you should be mad at not Joe Bell
If if it wasn't Joe Bell would be whoever else was the manager of the station don't hate Joe Bell
He's not to blame. He's being portrayed in a bad light
Remember he's doing his job is the saying goes it's a dirty job, but someone's got to do it
If anything you should be praising him. Oh God bless Joe Bell
Imagine the difficulty of having to fire somebody he is strong and did his job, which is probably why he was chosen for that position
As a former business owner I know how hard it is to fire people, but you got to do it
Joe Bell is an innocent and the blame is being placed on him for no good reason
No, it's being placed on him for a very good reason just like what Hank told him
Don't you up at Ken Maldon's funeral because everybody will be there. He'd you like poison
He did not show up. He did the smart thing and just like this Friday when we have the going away party for George at four to seven at the hard rock
He also won't be there. Is that what you told me that is correct
I mean he may be a fool, but he's not totally crazy fool
He ain't gonna take his life in his hands and put himself in jeopardy in the middle of a really big angry mob
It could get surly and believe me all those people in that room will blame Joe Bell won't they?
They will yeah
Oh, I did a olor corne to Jimmy Cifilis I'd made a
FCC violation at 250 yesterday afternoon the only problem is the show ends at two o'clock
Yeah, his show should be an FCC violation
Who Jimmy Cifilis I can it yeah, yeah, I'm not reading his crap anymore
Waste in your time. Okay, good luck to you. Okay, find some publicity elsewhere
Like on the lame job you do on those often broadcast lame would be the understable of the century
Yeah, that's a compliment saying lame. Yeah, it's an insult to everybody who ever did a lame job
James says this is from last Thursday no less wow. I'm getting way behind on the emails
This is about George's canning. Can we get any response from George yet? No, not yet
He's been in that meeting about 36 minutes
With a slicing and dicing taking place can it almost be compared to a Marlon's fire sale if they wanted to really save money
They should move into the old WQM location that resembled a barn soon the only employees in the building will be the creature at the front desk
Now he's gone yep and Joe the hitman bell remember Bozini flee will move against you
Don't give up just make sure the checks deposit and Norma can't double check your orders of checkers
You may develop a wicked case of running bottom syndrome
Tell George to extend his unemployment choice for as long as possible lawyer listeners since 1990 Jim and Lantana thanks Jim
Wouldn't it be something if George came down on his feet just just a
Days I mean won't want to get Candle last Wednesday. Why isn't it here? It is only Tuesday
It's not even a week later. I would think he has some sort of knock the pizza, no
No, maybe three months. I don't know
Well, how long can he collect unemployment? I don't know
I'm sure for months. Yeah, I think so yeah to fill in the breach and then of course you'll help him out sure
I'll send him bags of money and me. I'm gonna send him that bonus check not boy
The hoots, but some of these people have got is just it's just sensational. It's amazing. Well, he has his own bonus check coming
Yeah, but he won't get that for like 60 days right
See it's not an incident and by the way, I did Norma didn't write his contract
He's got a contract that was written by that flunky lawyer that he and chicken egg found
Jan Maria whatever the guy's name is
Well, it's 14 points for us and 28 points for the agent if we find you want to
145 points for somebody else and
I kept thinking what's the point with this guy?
He wants to talk about is how everybody's gonna grab whatever money they're gonna give me and he doesn't know anything about any jobs anyway
And he's another one kept mentioning James crystal radio if there's anything that's an oxymoron at James crystal radio
They don't do a radio they own a bunch of radio stations, but they don't do radio. They don't have any ratings. They don't make any money
Steve Lapa is a loser
But other than that
You think that sums it up pretty well pretty much in fact there their number is generally speaking
Oh, oh, and all their stations all the once in a while they get like a point five on on the a50 FTL
They've got three different stations all but the same callators. Can you explain to me?
I've asked a lot of people and nobody can explain to me how the FCC permits that I have no idea three different stations
640 850 and 14 whatever it is and they all have the same callators WFTL
Why don't we just change our callators W ABC 77? How why don't we do it sure? Oh, that's right. There's already one
Frank from Miami and South Carolina says long time listener. I love your show of enjoy George from his first show as
Week is it may have been my heart was with him for his tremendous effort in the beginning
What the state is doing you and has done to George is beyond comprehension
I won't tell you how to tend your business, but if it was me I would give them dead air for four hours after all
They broke the contract first all I can say is this time goodbye. I'm done with QA man
I'm done with the show hope I find you in George and some other station around the web up here
It's QAM long time fan Frank from Miami and South Carolina
PS good luck to you George. You have a lot of talent you land on your feet
He may be landing on his feet today right across the street
I hope and isn't ironic all the times we've joked about the shuttle bus back and forth between the two stations and
One to be something if you want up over there on 790 crazy
There you go and that crazy again, see crazy good just like those numbers that I had 18 to 34 men tied for second with power crazy
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful if you're looking for an American badass ale
Then look no further than kid rocks by with to be
By with to be is made from the cool Chris water dredged from the lakes of northern Michigan and just like kids music
By with to be is a strange fusion of luck
Heifer was stout pale ale and pilsner giving it that one of a kind in rock taste
So if you're doing funny things why not be drinking a funny thing by with to be oh
By with to be only God knows why you drink it
Now is up 25 points. What a great Tuesday, huh?
Haven't heard nothing from Georgia about what time he's gonna be on across the street now yet
Although Tim Jones or hasty down was agents says I'm aware of the fact that George is in a meeting right now with Steve
What if seven 90 the ticket I'll be trying to get in contact with George once his meeting is over so I can have a luncheon with him
We can then talk about me becoming spelled with two M's your illiterate Tim Jones
Becoming his new agent misspelled there won't be any loopholes in Georgia's new contract with seven 90 the ticket
I'll make Georgia aware of everything in his contract. I'm sure George will be just fine
I'm trying to convince Steve white to give George his own two to five times left
I have confidence in Georgia's ability to do a talk show and he'll have the highest ratings on seven 90 the ticket and second only to you in the South Florida market
George and honors agent Tim Jones the illiterate Tim Jones who couldn't even spell his clients name and
Spells becoming with two M's
You're an idiot Tim
Kenny Ramirez's I remember George saying his contract did not contain the non-compete. How do you like that?
There you go and six months unemployment
Nice if he did have a non-compete, but he doesn't
I'm sure they you know, I I don't know what they would do
Who the hell knows what they do because you know what the Joe Bell says
It's not about ratings Hank. It's not about ratings. Now what the hell is it all about? What what are we here for every day?
To pat everybody on the back and say oh great job engineering great job. Well done
This is the greatest studio in the history of the broadcasting industry
Which evidently seems to be on the other day parts
Here's one it says how can George be on a sports show doesn't he strongly hate sports talk?
It's wouldn't be a sports show God some of you are so slow
It wouldn't be a sports show no way
What day is it Tuesday? Yes, or the knobber guys out there because yesterday was Victoria. They was a holiday
So he's out there polishing the knobs on Tuesday
Larry says I hope you have the rights to all the bokeh bits George can take all the parts with him and what's he gonna do over there
He doesn't like sports see they finally are waking up and realizing they look at the numbers and for them
I guess it is about numbers even though they don't have any except in the afternoon and
They're saying well the all sports thing going over like pregnant pole vaulter in the middle of August at the equator not well
Not going over real good and
The only the only shows with big numbers on either station are this one and lab bastard which are not pure sports shows even his
Oh here's one from John's ETR the web stream is going horribly wrong
You were talking then it jumped to some commercial then the commercial was cut off by another one and then you came back on oh
Geez always me what am I gonna do?
John's ETR having a nervous dump I
Thought you said they were working on that of course you know one thing about engineering
It's a lot easier to criticize it than it is to do it to get her done
Right yes, that's what I've heard
How is it possible for somebody to be the market what what is his title who?
Jolly Joe market manager market president whatever the hell he is and have as much time to be involved in this show and not in a positive way either
How how does he do it?
Of course, you know, it's a hell of a lot easier to create your criticize management than to do it. Are you sure?
Kevin and Miami spring says it's saddened me that George was fired. I miss him a lot already
His intelligence and what will be missed on your show?
I love his views and religion especially when he called Bible Thumpers unchristians
He also tried his darned is to bring new music to the radio music that other states and sadly aren't playing
Thank you George for exposing me to flogging Molly
Wow
You know flogging Molly. Yeah, they've been around a long time. Oh boy. Not me. I never heard of flogging Molly
I think there's someone who would like to flog Molly
As far as Norma can't goes in this matter. He's incompetence in drawing up your new contract the poor forbidage as far as you have a say in the hiring of your own producer
That should be the final straw for you with Norma instead of moaning about Norma and his work on this matter during the show
You should fire him with your accomplished track record
You should be able to hire any agent you choose and that new agent will do a lot better for you
I know I'm telling you what what to do, but you deserve better than what Norma did for you Kevin and Miami Springs and Norma's
useless
Norma's as useless as balls on a toy truck
Oh, and speaking of that this is if you can find your balls assuming that you can find where you keep your balls
I suggest you pull the
Plug on your show until they honor your contract and hire George back pull a plug on your show. Well, what does that mean walk out?
I guess so yeah, I
Think during these difficult economic times is a really smart time for anybody who's a little bit upset or very upset with what the conditions
Of their job just get up and walk out pull the plug. Yeah, everybody's an expert on what I should do and where I should spend my money
And who I should give it away to and yada yada yada still waiting to hear from George by the way must be in a long meeting. That's a good sign
Isn't it yes
Mac says I work in a lab and you get guys have been making me smile ear to ear for a coons age
I'm waiting for the stream to post your website and hoping George is still around. Well, this was last Thursday
He's not keep on doing it. I'll enjoy I'll keep enjoying the show. It says screw Joe Bell. I'll dedicate tonight's Joyce to the beeslies
Speak of that Joyce
Not know what you can do it right now. No, I'm not gonna do it right now not in the chair. Okay
If I had a handheld mic I could take it in the tea room
All of that would be nasty who knows what kind of sounds might come from there. You know we can try to dump a set of what we could try to dump button at that point
Yeah, we could try dumping. I could be dumping and you could try dumping a double dump
Well, let me just check my hotmail to see if there's anything further from Kalamazoo
For my suicidal friend. He said he was gonna go to the library today and send me another email or from your Joe Bell
No, no no response to my last
From my reply to Joe Bell
What's this one about George?
I don't have any problem with George being on his off and as you guys want him
His position was eliminated for budgetary reasons. I'm okay if he's on every day
What are we gonna do with that? Did you invite George to be on with us today after he gets hired across the street?
I mean after whatever happens happens. Well, once he gets back to me. I'll ask him what's the command or calling
Come in. Yeah, maybe
You think that's gonna be acceptable there. They're gonna let him in the studio. I don't see why not. It's all that I'm calling. What's the difference?
You don't see the difference with that? No, not really
Here's one it says George Rodriguez gets Shannon Berksky on real radio 104.1 in Orlando
George, you can stay in my house for free bring the family you deserve the best F
Beasley. Well, it's a good thing I said F
I hope you end up in chapter 11 of Beasley says rich in Orlando. I'm bitter rich is bitter
Oh
Don't tell me I'm all caught up with my no, I'm not
Emails wait till you hear this this this might shock the hell out of you. Okay. I'll light out it
Tampa's branch of the Connecticut School of Broadcasting is expecting to reopen after the school's founder want to prove
The buyback to bankrupt business. He started 45 years ago
In all 11 branches of the broadcasting school have been approved for reopening
You know that dick Robinson guy
Oh
A federal bankruptcy judge and Boston approved the sale of kinetic school of broadcasting to renown Connecticut broadcaster dick Robinson
In his family for a million dollars on May 8th the deal was closed seven days later
Robinson founded the broadcasting school in 1964 and sold it in 2006 to a division of
Credit sweet scoop
The new owners abruptly closed all 26 locations in 16 states in March and filed bankruptcy blaming the tightening student loan market and a dispute with its lender
Robinson thank Connecticut attorney general Richard Blumenthal and Michael P. Somebody or other the states commissioner of higher education
For their role in salvaging the schools earlier this year by seeing to it the classes were finished for some students and deposits were refunded to others
The school's operations will be scaled back according to court documents the family plan to reopen
11 of the 26 sites. Some as early as June including its original location in Farmington, Connecticut
In addition to that branch in the Tampa branch other branches to reopen our Orlando Palm Beach Atlanta need a mass Charlotte North Carolina
Cherry Hill, New Jersey. I love Cherry Hill
Harris Brook Heights, New Jersey, Westbury, New York and Stratford, Connecticut
Do you know I've only had one comment about the movie a milk? That's because it's probably too gay for most of our audience could be
And that was the one about the character that Emil Hirsch played
And saying that he underplayed the
prudiness
Good God. How's that possible? He was he was just absolutely
In that movie
Everything in the media is changing said Jim Zierhoes vice president chief financial officer of this thing
The technology is changing. We're changing. We're then we're not though. We're the same people
We're family ready to get back into business and do whatever we did before
Wow, why don't we do what we did before and that starts with Greg Reed coming back?
You know Greg Reed I've met him
You don't know him though not well now
He's he's well like now. I'll tell you that
He's well made he badly missed sorely missed
sorely missed
But nevertheless
Can't cry over spilled milk you know what I'm saying right
Water over the bridge bridge over the tender
Still haven't heard from George. I'll keep we'll keep you posted
I'm actually there's a lot of people out there on pins and needles waiting to find out
Well, they can all find out on Friday for sure
LB says if George does land a new gig will you be a guest on a show and talk smit on joebell that would push him over the
Edge and flag his Molly real good
Are you in normal secret lovers is that why you came to bring disaster to life? Oh my god me a normal what a thought that is
Neil the listeners know what's best for you do as we say
It says expert advice we know what's best for you do as we say yeah, uh-huh
Everybody out there's a real expert
Give your bonus check to George do this do that pop pop pop pop call the FBI yeah
I think there's something in the year and it's not just the shvine shvine horn flu there's something going on
It's called the
Boogie woogie flu
Now what what's the deal you don't have the music now you don't have George's library yet no not yet
Well, maybe he can bring it in there and when he comes in there we can put him on a year if you've got extra microphone in there
And that little broom closet you're in not in this room, but he can go in the other room and I could pot him up from there
really yeah
Well, let's hope that happens and not to be announced as a great new deal and then I'm part of it
I
Don't think they can afford me across the street
You're out fast you'll Bell would say hey good luck to you, okay
Well pack your sandwich on the way out. Do you have any idea how fast in spite of your protestations how fast
Like that
Well, it'd be the 12-1 hour on wq a.m
Oh
Look at who that is everybody look at who that is
No, no, no, look at who that is
That's the way to see
He's a racing with race around in his car that is the race driver that never wins
That's the way to see
Now she hear all you kids
They call me Mr. Riggs
Oh
Hey, baby you showed up fine today
Oh
Well
Well get that on him how's about a date
You keep calling it last that why you don't go out with me
Well, I may be slow on the street
But I show be fast on my feet
You
Provo 20560WQM still no word from George.
No get anything yet?
Nothing yet.
Oh the Phantom Informers is I hope I've regained credibility now that others echoed when I reported
yesterday regarding the Web Streaming.
No you have no credibility zero.
Phantom Informer anybody who doesn't have a name has no credibility with me, especially
the fake Phantom Informer.
It's shocking to hear about George in 790 the ticket where on Pins and Needles let
us know what you hear from George.
WTKS in Orlando has been unresponsive to my inquiries.
I guess you were right sadly.
Yeah I was right and your full of crap is usual.
No credibility.
Oh WTKS in Orlando wants to know you'll show they want to sound like I know they don't.
Mike says if George gets his own show you think the I'm your friend guy Reverend Jones
Eddie Chombah the insurance guy.
This is some compelling radio guy quarter-slot guy.
A high-ron guy will follow George and do the same bit.
This might make for some compelling radio it says.
Yuck yuck.
Jason says come on every current GM or PD is worse than the previous that is absolutely
incorrect.
Absolutely untrue.
When Jerry Lawrence came in at Ion Z and replaced Stan Stanley Cohen I mean you got
to be kidding me.
This is another radio expert.
Everybody out there who ever listened to a radio ever owned one ever just walked by
and heard somebody playing one is an expert on radio.
Here's one from the fake Joe Bell.
It says I'm glad George has a meeting at the ticket.
Did George discuss his non-compete clause in his contract.
George said his contract was full of holes true however the only holes were in QM's
favor.
Why would we fire someone who can go back to work so fast?
I might not be able to program a station but I'm not stupid when George calls in having
go over his contract and tell you about the no compete.
The fake Joe Bell.
I don't know.
I really don't know.
Alex says hearing you almost curse on the air yesterday was very funny and welcome
to the show how about some Mickey bits.
No.
Do we need to welcome you to the show?
No.
But I do like the Mickey bits.
Well I'm happy for you.
They're overplayed and boring.
Tired of the frickin Mickey bits.
And here that almost curse on the air.
As you know I said the first two letters and the last two didn't quite come out somehow.
Well I caught myself in midward.
Barely.
Not knowing of course that we didn't have a functioning dump button on this end and
that you didn't have any idea where the one was down there because nobody showed you.
No.
Oh here's one that says just wanted to let you know the stream cutting you off is also
cutting off your life spots.
The sponsors might not like it.
Well the sponsors aren't paying for the internet.
As for tomorrow I don't think the about 30 drapes appropriate for the amount of people
are going to listen to the Keynes game.
I'd be surprised if there were more than five and it was five will be QM staff.
And again this guy out of touch.
Let me say it again QAM dot com tomorrow will have the baseball game.
Neil Rogers dot com will have our stream of our show like always.
I don't know about that.
Oh I thought that's what you told me.
I said maybe but Eric wanted me to record the show.
So that might mean that it's not going to be on Neil Rogers dot com.
All right check with Eric to make sure.
I don't know what you're saying.
Well I think that for right now Eric gets his streaming from the WQAM website.
So if the website is carrying the baseball game then that's what he's going to get.
Oh but I'll just verify that with Eric though.
On the fake Greg but Ellis back just won't go away.
I told you months ago that all sports how it should go to five sixty and seven ideas
should go back to talk.
I wish George well observations for the ratings sports seems to be on the decline.
Talk is up Paul and Ron Bubba Neil rush mitt and libass.
It all seemed to do very well not libass.
Do you want way down Lincoln financial seems to be making the wise move.
You're only hope is serious XM Tim Sabine still still wants to talk to you but never wants
to hear from Norma again good.
I'm real happy.
Maybe you and he can have a really great life.
Fake Greg isn't amazing how the same people keep pocket and pushing the same dumb crap
just like that Phantom Informer.
Oh TKS and Orlando but we put a book about but here's the name of the Linda Brown and
the Fudge Brown and oh my God.
Keep plugging the same garbage in the same nonsense because you're delusional you sit
around and you fantasize these things and then you try to plan them off on on course
lobs like me as real.
But of course we all all know there's only one Israel.
Ain't there?
Ask you Lieberman he'll tell you.
Ask Wolf let's create he'll tell you to.
What is this Yoshi Schmendrick this is from last Thursday I've still got stuff from
last Thursday.
Yoshi Schmendrick says flea is the underground snitch.
Are you the underground snitch?
No I'm the above ground snitch.
Flea quit bullshitting about not knowing anything Neil I can't believe you're not interrogating
this little weasel.
Wow.
There is no way he knew nothing I'm also suspicious about him not getting any money.
They might have kept that down low think about it.
Yeah so low it's a zero.
It only makes sense not to tell you even if they did give him something George was the
red headed stepchild in that building you know why Flea he's the only one who was
obsessed with dumb jocks.
Neil I don't think anyone is telling you the truth don't trust anyone man they're all
in the same boat together I don't think Flea is trustable as a producer says Yoshi Schmendrick.
Oh I asked for more money and they said no and then I said well how about some beastly
stock and they said no no no yeah so my next I'm going to at least ask for a laptop.
I just can't believe that you're willing to do this five days a week which this is a
full-time job always has been yeah producing this show for zero zero the cows have 17 points
there you go but if that changes I'll let you know if I start getting any money I will
let you know I got a high I don't care I beg your pardon I got nothing to hide because
I don't care you don't care about what I don't care what people think about me the listeners
I mean they're gonna some people gonna hate me just because of what happened and some
people won't whatever well that's a good attitude to adopt because if you start caring
about what the listeners think you're gonna be in real trouble right because most of the
listeners are full of well you know just like these people one day they hate you the next
day they love you I'm never gonna listen again oh I apologize I'm so sorry I'll
this other crap well we'll see how brave they are on Friday because I'll be at the Hard Rock
Cafe you know for Georgia's party if they want to say something to me they can yeah that's
right say it to your face walk up to this and be a man or a a butch woman or something
and walk up to flee to his face and step on him well or whatever you want to do Allen
Adventura says this is also from last Thursday I've been your lawyer listener since the
mid-70s while where did the years go Neil God my queen if I learn if you learn one thing in
life the only constant thing in life is change we all get fired and laid off sooner or later if
you have a job journey of the broke the system is set up for most job holders to fail you end up
with less money after 40 years of work than when you started if you want security in life get
a warm fuzzy blanket I wish George success is next and ever remember one one door closes another
one opens I love you Neil always have been you've always been the man of reason in my life if I
were gay I would want you to be my life partner Allen Adventura I don't think so Al but thanks
for the sentiment I'll take James of Franco any day I was just shocked when I saw him in that rule
the fact that he played Harvey Milks longtime boyfriend that way that was just kind of shocking wasn't
yeah a lot of smooching and squeezing and hugging and stuff oh also from my I've got a pile from
last Thursday he's me I've got piles from last Thursday is what I said they'll have to dump it
although maybe you might want to hit the button and see if it works I'm telling you we should try it out
so there we go okay now how are we going to know if it worked or not well no seriously I don't
even know have any idea how long I mean prior to this going back to the stern days they had 332nd
dump button so if you had like a minute and a half for the last resort to finally dump it that's
what I was told yeah it seems to be working how do you know because the delays rebuilding itself now I see
all right all right so this is kind of like play as you go yeah like experiment as you go and find
out does this work is that because you know engineering man it's a tough it's easy to critique it
but it's tough to do it that's the room where I'm here and never got any further response from anyone
as to why the art studio isn't finished yet and why this dump button isn't working and if
it's ever going to work again and a lot of these things all of these things that's right
don't you think it would be nice to know those things it would be nice
I was cheating
everybody's got a horny heart just finally but then once and so
breaking relationships and friendlies apart everybody's got a whole body heart
yeah
1217 at 560 wqa m happy Tuesday to still a word from George
now is that a good thing do you think that's a good thing or a bad thing sounds good long meetings are good
I think maybe they went to lunch that'd be nice maybe they're hammering out the details
I'd like to see Steve White and George standing next to each other that'd be good because he's like
6'5 and George is about 5'5 2'5 they could use a 2'5 over there I'll tell you that
they they would kill for a 2'5 especially after your buddy said the kid he sent me something
on email this morning with an attachment I deleted it right away Sid Rosencran's birth shorts
oh yeah he hates me well why does he continue to try to inflict himself on the other broadcasters
in the market I don't understand that well he what's he thinks I took a personal shot at him I don't
even know the guy personally he could be the greatest guy in the world I just said I didn't like a
show and I don't understand why they would hire that show to come over here when it didn't have
ratings right okay they'll be that didn't that wasn't responsive to my question why is it that he
wants to schmooze and cruise with all the other people on the year in the market what is that all about
I have no idea I don't want anything to do with him I don't want to know from him I don't want to
smell him I don't want to hear from him stay off of my damn email said the kid you schmuck
Stephen Kendall says I saw the milk movie I thought Sean Penn did a great job the story was
interesting I was too young to notice what a hateful Nazi bitch Anita Bryant was who the hell was she
and where she today and then it says I guess it's good that nobody knows she was the orange juice queen
she used to do all the spots before to orange juice and she was a marginal singer
marginal at best and she was married to Bob Green not the Bob Green from IOD but a old radio guy
named Bob Green who turned out to be gay yeah they found out some of his ex-boyfriends identities and
that was kind of a mess but it didn't it didn't help Anita Bryant hateful sal another one of these
Bible thumping bitches that's who she was Stephen Kendall the orange juice queen and then she lost the
affiliation with all the controversy she lost the affiliation with the Florida orange juice growers
the cantor ass still no word from George boy I'm on the edge of my chair I'm on the edge of my seat
sal says I would pay five thousand dollars to punch that fatty Joe Bell right in the gut
what I want to know is why they resigned you if they hate you so much why is that maybe you can
tell us you got the inside track I do yeah why do they resign me to five more years if they hate
me like poison maybe they don't hate you well now why do you say that well maybe they hate you but
they like good ratings wait huh what they like good ratings yes sorry I slipped it that way they've
done everything in their power to destroy the show and did he ball the show here's one that says
again from last Thursday Jeff I'm getting way back up here all the way to last Thursday I wonder
why that is well I never got to these there were so many this is right after George got canned
Jeff in focuses they can just fire George out right instead of decision or they could claim it's
about finances instead of firing him they could have offered George the option of a pay cut
that was never offered am I right they never said well how about if you do it for 30 or 40 or whatever
you know I write yes now why would that be not sure it says I know if they did off from a
pay cut it probably wouldn't have been accepted by George but I just want to know if they offered
him the option I don't think so I need to disflee if they didn't offer him the option to pay cut
then the fuller schmit it says while we know that Rocky says first Joe Bell enjoys devolved your show
now they've devolved you used to be untouchable you were the most powerful person on South Florida
radio management feared you you could say and do anything now they've muscled you and fired George
without you being able to do anything about it how sad says Rocky how's very sad oh how sad
what am I supposed to do sit on the floor and cry
Paul says damn George was the man the show simply won't be the same without him I'm confident
that fleek can take up the slack thanks doosh nozzle Joe at least he didn't say the seaward anyway
no that gets him really frazzled he just goes ballistic I wonder what ever happened to Chris
from FSU we never heard a follow up the that was up 18 points by the way big deal
my dynas says so if Lee is working for free I wonder who's paying his bills or is he just
sponging by nature now he's not working for free he just doing this this part of his job for free
right he gets paid to do his other four or five jobs right they kept my base the same and just
added duties how can they do that I mean unless you just agree to unless you're just a whim well at
this point I just want to you know continue keeping your job right see I know that's strange a lot of
people out there in radio land but if they would just wake up and sniff the daffodils and see
what's going on with the economy American Express just announced they're laying off 6% of their
workforce 4,000 jobs worldwide yeah this would have happened you know four years ago three years ago
I've just said no I'm not doing it you got to pay me but you know it's happening today so I got to
do what I got to do can't just walk out and I'll have just like me just like me if this would have
happened a few years ago when the economy was different and there might have been something else out
there but the problem is there's no money in this business anymore don't you people understand
there is no money in this business they aren't paying anybody anything the name of the game is
open up a pot and put a bunch of syndicated crap on here like that clencon diddle hopper cow pile
across the street which maybe that's what George is going to replace who knows maybe still no
report from Jorge Carl says you can hear the obvious pain and disappointment in your voice over
this whole fiasco again this is last Thursday yesterday we all waited knowing the inevitable was
going to happen but we were all in state of denial to all the people who are trying to pin the blame
on you they need to go to the kitchen climbing to the microwave and have somebody press start
as if they could find a large enough microwave don't they realize you did everything you
humanly could and then something to keep George oh how I'd love to see Norma and Joe strapped
together in the spooning position you decide who gives and who receives and stake them down at the
shoreline at low tide we can then all sit and watch as the tide comes in and drowns these two
worthless turds I look forward to George's summer film but I don't know if I can listen with
flee no offense flee but you're untested wow your task be yourself and prove all the haters wrong
I will honestly give him a chance and listen I don't want to ramble on and on filling the air with
venom but fill in your favorite curse word blanket George good luck and thank you for 19 wonderful
funny entertaining years a loyal fan since the mid 80s Carl thanks Carl that's from last Thursday
also from last Thursday boy got a lot of old stuff backed up here a couple more
and of course we're all sitting on pins and needles waiting for a text message a email
of something from a little George I mean if they're just having a meeting like you said it's
probably good oh Barry Jackass may have some news uh oh well you allow George to call in on the
batland to discuss interview with Steve White where does Steve White George the Donald Miguel
Escobar Mark Hockman are very excited about George John Weiner and Josh Friedman not so much
they want the station to remain all sports well there's two brilliant programmers for you
Stu Gotts and Josh Friedman oh my god they're the brain trust over there holy crap
we want the sight to the sports yeah it's working so well for everybody a wall of it
yeah a wall a wall of it that you can smell from a million miles away
he he
very jackass seems to have the inside track you know of course they have that incestuous
relationship between across the street and the herald and it was nice and you finally
to write a story about the ratings buried that was nice it only took about two weeks before you
finally got Neil Rogers I started I told you don't bother me while I'm in here
either hello it's Mickey Mouse oh Mr. Mouse good morning how are you what the hell are you
doing to me nothing sir you're freaking killing me no not I got David Kelly calling me every three
minutes why did we move the practice sir you you told me to move the practice I didn't tell you
what you must have misunderstood me no sir you said move the practice to Monday hey hey listen
but wipe on the boss I make the decisions you take the heat right you move the practice okay how we
doing with it anyway oh man hold on we're having a shot the hell up I'm on the phone we miss
Isaac yeah yes or what was your question I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between
David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind
hold on we miss get any balls stop it we miss I'm gonna fall oh stop on the floor we miss
see this if it's in my hand we miss that's your beat is balls my other hand we miss oh that's a
phone ball right I can't hear anything we miss stop sawing the floor sorry I said sir sir the
moves are working out very well the practice is fourth and it's time slot and it's time slot
Christ are we even beating the WB barely oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a rating success
of course hold on a second we miss what the hell you doing with a harmonica
we miss a jam that thing down your throat and get a blue bird away from me oh come on blue
I'm allergic I sir over 25 million people so I got out by you know listen yeah you see me
what I'm doing here sir you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone do you see what I'm doing it
you hear imagination for crying out loud I'm moving my hands up and down slide to side I'm the
puppet master I say it you know it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of
a Michael Jackson interview but sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh at me
oh
yeah yeah boss what the hell you doing now it's in the floor boss it's nothing wrong with the floor
remiss what's this in my ear that's your penis boss my other ear remiss oh that's the phone
remiss get out get out I sir yes sir killing me killing me I'm sorry sir killing me sorry
killing me softly
come 32 at 560 there you go that's to welcome fleet of the show I guess
it's making it still funny you like it yeah I do well I joystering them and that's why I played it
as long you know nice and I didn't even start till there was like 152 left in it it's a three
minute and 12 second bit but fortunately I had was back with plenty of time to spare
Mark and Kendall wants to know how many job titles display have
if he takes on all these responsibilities for no extra money he must have a giant ego or
just be job-scared how can he be in management no so little about what goes on the trial by
fire will happen this summer I'll miss George but life goes on fleet please stop your weasel
sounding laugh sorry it's all I got that's that's his laugh he's a weasel sounding laugh or a chic
sounding laugh kind of like that a little bit chic junior oh my god still
I worked from George and here it's 12.33 as meeting across the street was 11 o'clock this morning
you think that's a good sign yes I would agree with you if it's a long meeting maybe they're
hammering out details or maybe they're just going to lunch at total lunch George what that's
nice too oh yeah if you're going to lunch I mean you're having a lengthy conversation about
what you're going to do and who you're going to do it too and they're probably at the stadium
diner as we speak stadium diner yeah right on the corner there or close to it
I once got the worst omelet in the history mankind from the stadium diner I don't know why
had somebody go get it for me across the street oh my god how can you make a bad omelet I don't
know it was bad all I generally speak in that place is okay how's Chuck doing over there at the
sub center you don't have them in there ever ever well he used to bring us food all the time
well the only problem with that place is there's you have to take it to go there's nowhere to eat
there right and I like to get out of the building he used to bring us food all the time Chuck he's
a good guy yeah how he used to bring us food all the time too yeah that's right a lot of people
used to bring in food to the station all the time before your good buddy fat ass jolly joda started
he was the only one who could eat no more food the that there was just another act of
insolence part of the whole ambiance I mean what what is the purpose of that is an ego trip why do
people in management do things like that to try to make everybody else's life less pleasant than it
was before are there some people who enjoyed being reviled and despised I guess what does he tell you
nothing about that about anything they don't tell me much I'm on a need to know basis
why you you that that's not true you seem to know stuff before I mean you're the assistant PD for
Christy yeah I know some stuff but a lot of the important stuff they keep close to the vest yeah
and like I said before they stopped asking my opinion on stuff about a month or two ago because
I always say the opposite of what they want to do oh the fake joe bell says to answer the
questions why we kept you for five more years if we hate you flee is wrong we don't like your ratings
Joe Rose's proof we like the numbers to be as low as possible you should get a new agent
normal Kent to the good job in negotiating your contract a good job for us a bad job for you and of
course George you pay Norma he works for us thanks Norma says the fake joe bell how do you like
that was that a shot at Joe Rose yes oh William says those Mickey bits never have been and never
will be funny he's crazy one thing about the Mickey bits people either love more they hate him
I I can take him or leave him I mean I've heard him all so many times they've played him all so
many times I just they don't do anything for me other than that particular one
is long oh more low price pharmaceuticals more a junk more spam here on my hotmail I'm looking
to see if there's a follow up from your friend fat ass jolly joe but there's not
very thin skinned engineering if they don't want to be thin skinned them get everything done
right like including our studio get it ready are they working on it as we speak or not they're all
actually working in here like where Steph X is about three inches away from me doing some work with
Timmy yeah they're hooking up to DCS right now well that's great in there we'll have it in both studios
that'll be nice I don't understand where do they where do the extra DCS come from they had a backup
I guess just in case because they don't make them anymore that's correct so they when the when this
one here goes down that's going to be real tourists let me tell you right now right so they have
an extra one as a backup just in case that happens so they're hooking that one up do you know when
they sent them when they shipped the one here they had to take it all apart they had to take the hard
drive up to get it through customs really well you know because everybody's real nervous it was right
after 9.11 it was a couple of months after 9.11 oh there might be a bomb in there you know like that
who the hell knows maybe some shrewd lankans are hiding inside of it they seem to be everywhere man
he's guys in a position right now they better hope I don't pass gas really right on Steph X's head
he's under your back them ass yeah but I won't do that though that guy's
heard that expression about having your head up your ass but this gives it all all new meaning
Jay and Baltimore says thanks for recommending doubt I was reluctant to watch it but once you said
it was good I decided to give it a try the movie was fantastic well acted and well written
as you said Merrill Street back to her arse off in that movie yeah she was great in that
if you didn't hate her by the end of the movie you you don't hate anybody she was just obnoxious
I'll have it tomorrow you'll have what doubt I got it Netflix oh it says Georgia's firing
was so wrong if Joe Belkin sleep at night he has no soul you sound great as ever in spite of all
this horsecrafts as Jay and Baltimore guys out okay even though they're very worried about my health
oh he's dying the old man he's dying and what we're gonna do and Georgia beyond here so much
well you're gonna be on here a lot pretty soon I got a month a month a week vacation next month
and then after that I come back into the summer schedule so you better you and courtesbetter have a
lot of a crap planned I'll do my best in addition to which you're gonna be taking those great calls
I'm sure yeah are you yeah I'll take all five hundred fifty three votes on the pool the most
annoying noise enough to drag me to want to kill somebody that I have to put up with is neighbors
dog one oh eight the neighbor is sixty two the leaf floor guy forty eight all night parties thirty
two the neighbor stereo my drunk friend
says on his marston my bar store does something that's real cool
and my bar store was a lot more
and my car bath storm the real door
Am I more so draw with you right now?
Am I more so gotta do right now?
Take a little trip, take a little trip, take a little trip to jail.
God is so quick, God is so quick.
Need to money from me, man.
I'm so good.
1245 at 560 WQM.
The fake Tom jikas says if George gets hired by Waxley, will you allow him to play your bids?
Of course not.
Will Boka and KJ be allowed to produce bids for him? That's up to them.
Right?
I would assume.
I mean, if he wants to cut a separate deal with him and they want to do stuff specifically for him, they've already done that.
Made bids specifically for George, right?
Yeah.
Well, that's up to them.
But as far as we allow him to play the bids from the show, of course not.
I mean, I love George, but I'm gonna hand over the whole all these years of this stuff.
No.
No way.
Am I your pardon?
No way.
So you're in agreement on that?
Yeah, I agree.
A report from George, by the way, the meeting was at 11. It's now 1246 hour and 45 minute meeting. It's a long meeting.
I sure are they're not just pumping in for information.
You know how that goes in this business?
Oh, yeah.
They pretend to be having a meeting with you with the idea of like maybe hiring you, etc.
And then come to find out they're just probing you.
Here's one that says hello, Neil and flee the reason my George's interview has taken so long he's working on a deal to bring your issue over there for more money.
Question mark.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They got lots of money over there.
Not anyway, if he does get the job during the day time, only I will listen to only time I'll listen to him is when you go on vacation.
Also, flee is doing a fine job.
I've used to listen him back in the Z day.
I have a great day, guys says Jay from Cooper City.
He used to listen to you on Zeta.
Look at that.
John says I remember when I was younger, a bumper sticker that was showing up on car said Anita Bryant sucks oranges.
Oh, she was just the most hateful cell.
Is she dead now?
No, I don't think so. I only wish, but I don't think so.
But her whole career went right down the toilet after that whole business.
When your business is hate, it often doesn't go really well.
Oishmoid juices, I ate at the stadium, down in 1993 and I still have wild diarrhea.
The food was very tasty, but I made it as far as the parking lot went my...
Rackum!
...exploded like a landmine.
We settled out of court.
Ha ha ha ha.
We settled out of court.
The Mickey bits are fantastic.
Keep playing them.
Never had a life it says.
I have no life.
I'm sure that.
Here's one that says George got whacked because he didn't have a voice for radio.
He was too monotone, very boring to listen to.
Can't see him being an on-the-ear personality.
And as you've mentioned, advertisers decide what they want.
I think they still remember his many shows devoted to ass eating.
I'm sure that went over big.
George had a lot of sponsors, by the way, for a guy who was just like the producer.
Also, his views on religion were probably another factor.
I'm not personally bothered by either topic and happened to agree with him.
Some advertisers might be worried that their customers may see them as agreeing with George and his atheist views.
George isn't an atheist he's an agnostic.
I'm the atheist.
Get it right, Amvid's.
Anyway, I enjoy listening to you regardless who's operating the board.
I'm the atheist.
George pretends to be an agnostic.
Maybe because it's more palatable, you know, it's still no message from George.
Nope, and Ania Brandt is alive.
Oh, Christ.
She's got to be 69 years old now.
69, huh?
Don't say that.
She was kind of like a predecessor to Joyce.
Same mentality.
Fony, baloney.
Hypocritical.
I've actually enjoyed Sparrow's a lot.
I could be wrong about that, but I mentioned she fought.
And she probably, mmm, and hails like crazy too.
She probably, you know, takes her hand and like pushes the fumes toward her nostrils.
Oh, so anyway, you test it out.
We'll talk about it.
Well, I have to go back, which works fine on your end, but mine for ever and ever, as long as I can remember.
It doesn't work.
Well, what I have to do, it'll work.
What I have to do is make sure that your pot is off, and I have you in queue, and that should work.
All right.
Well, let's do a little experiment.
Shut off my pot, put it in queue, and I'll talk to you.
I can hear you.
Fine.
You can, you know, it worked.
It worked what?
It worked fine.
I could hear you.
Yeah, but you had my pot closed.
Yeah, we'd have to be on the air, so we'd have to talk during commercial breaks.
I see.
But at least we can do that now.
We didn't have that ability before, I don't think.
Then I could send you a test and say, um, shut my pot.
Yep.
Or smoke my pot.
Okay.
Paul says, screw the haters.
All the Mickey bits are great.
Three is doing a great job.
Keep it up.
I hope George gets a two o'clock slot somewhere so we can get the best of both worlds.
And then he writes, that's your penis boss.
See if George, that's what I'm pitching.
Put me on two to four.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Or actually, Agust Levitard comes on it three.
Put me on one to three.
Mm-hmm.
Right after Cal turd.
Cal turd, how'd you like to follow Cal turd?
Cal pile.
Remember how angry they got when you were spreading the rumors about?
Was it you or was courtous, I think?
I'm not really sure that they were going to go syndicated midday.
Yeah, that was me.
And George Sedano got all mad, remember?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, he's full of crap.
He's just making that up.
Yeah.
And I've always said, oh, you're so full of it, man.
And this is the guy who they had a fight to do the morning show.
Because he's so insecure.
And he knows in the morning he's going to do even worse than sit if that's possible.
Here's a really good question from somebody.
It says, why is that idiot loser, jolly joble, continuously chiming in on what's left of your radio show?
That's a good question.
We hate you, joble.
It says, you're an incompetent boob, a deviant, an income poop.
You think you're a tough guy, joe?
You like to stalk an arous, innocent college students?
I'll kick your big fat ass from my baby, so opal akerts is.
I'm not afraid of you.
You're not the boss of me.
Bring it on.
Sign the fake Sally Fitz.
Wow.
If the fool fits, Mike Watson, no, any chance George has Norma can't represent him in a contract negotiation with seven-knit.
A ticket I sure doubt that.
Not if he's smart.
Castronovas is hearing about George and Lincoln financial media.
Tom to talk to Bill Stedman, PD at Magic.
He's a good guy.
Clear channel is talking about sound casting our show.
We may be adding Orlando Tamp and Jacksonville depends on the results of the enumber.
We shall see.
I've heard that.
What?
That they're going to be syndicated in other markets again.
Well, isn't that great?
Here's one with a full number, only a no name.
What does Bill Cabrion think of flea?
Is there a flea bitter character runaway?
If so, it should be a torpy voice guy who talks like his something and it's chopped off.
Pocs like his nose something.
I don't know.
The nose knows.
Chopped off.
Like my emails, it's just chopped off.
Like George's thing.
That was really amusing about the guy about George is going to impregnate 20 women.
Yeah.
And I'm going to have sex with 20 women in the same day.
Oh, my.
I don't think so.
James Franco maybe.
I mean, he filled it.
He'll do it with Harvey Milk with what's his name?
Sean Penn.
Evidently, he's not very choosing.
James Franco, he was in Spider-Man.
Yep.
One, two, and three.
Pineapple Express.
A very good pardon.
Pineapple Express.
And I saw that.
You don't.
Really bad.
Horrible.
And I like stoner movies.
It was bad.
Oh, no.
And he was also in that TV series.
What that was a series?
He was in.
When he started out, James Franco, I don't know.
I'll find out.
Somebody sent it to me and he was like a little punk.
I don't know.
So somebody sending me that flipper movie when Luke Helping was about five years old or something
like that.
Sorry.
Not into little boys like Philips Seymour Hoffman.
So, well, wait a minute.
You haven't seen the movie.
Are you going to see it today or tomorrow?
I'll have it tomorrow, yeah.
I'm going to be really interested in your take.
Because as you watch the movie, you either have to take the side of the priest and believe
history or you believe the hateful old Meryl Streep Nun.
Boy, she is just so great in that movie.
I mean, the purpose of her role and her job is to elicit just absolute hate.
You just despise that bitch and what is she to a great job of it?
The nuns.
I grew up in Brighton, New York across from a Catholic school and talk about hate, man.
Do they teach them to hate?
How come you killed Jesus?
And I kept telling those kids, I didn't even know them for Christ's sake.
Oh, sorry.
How come your people killed Jesus?
That's what they taught them, the Jews killed Jesus.
That's always a good, you know.
A good way to engender love and brotherhood and apple pie and stuff.
Punky pie.
So still no work from Georgia on what appears to be almost a two hour meeting so far.
If it's in progress or possibly something went down or is in progress and he's not allowed to talk about it.
Do you think that's possible?
That could be.
Could be part of the deal.
But I think knowing George, he would write me something, not for air, you know, because he knows I'd put it right on the air.
He fears that. He always accuses me of that.
Oh, no matter what I tell you, you always reveal my sources and you put it right on the air.
Well, inquiry minds want to know the audience is on pins and needles, man.
I'm trying to give him a leg up.
The real vanilla ice says, yeah, likely story.
I've said it by George's termination.
It's obvious that WQM management does not have the best interest of your show in mind.
I am however curious as to why there's nothing on your website mentioning the termination.
Oh, there's 80 million stories on there, okay?
That I've got 80 million hits.
And that there's still a link to Georgia's email.
Can we still contact George through this email?
Hello, this is Anz, this is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Yeah, yeah, I'm ready.
Where's that, y'all?
This your boy, Z-Mite.
See how you do songs with like, hoax and concepts, right?
But be that man, I'm trying to go flat them.
It's about the fastest.
Check this out, y'all.
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
4-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1
1-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-1, 3-2-2, 3-2-1,
I think I've lost Neil.
But I'm assuming that you people can hear me.
So I'm not sure what we can do.
I'm going to wait for an engineer.
Engineers on the way, hopefully.
So if there's any engineers in the building
and you can hear me speaking right now,
I believe that we have lost Neil, the connection to Neil,
at 103.
I am pleased.
Is this like a little thrown into the fire,
I guess, to fill time and see what I can do for a show?
Well, I'm really not prepared.
Not even know if this is even going out on the air.
I'm assuming that it is.
And hopefully we can get Neil back up.
This could be him.
I'm getting a text right now.
So this could be Neil right now.
The line is down.
Yes, so the line is down.
So I guess you guys are stuck with me for right now
in time.
Good engineer.
So if there's any engineers listening right now,
that would be great if we can get Neil back up.
Hey, can you find me an engineer, Adrian?
That's what I'm doing.
All right, Steph X is on the way.
So I don't even know if Neil can even hear what I'm saying right now.
But we will work on it, I guess.
And in the meantime, I guess you guys are stuck with me
for a few more minutes until we get an engineer in here
and see what's going on.
But I can tell you about the party for George.
We actually get the thumbs up on that.
That's a green light.
We're doing that.
So if you want to pay a little tribute to George,
you want to come by and say hi, bye.
Love you, miss you.
You're the man.
Drop off cash.
He will accept cash.
Check.
I don't think he has a credit card processing machine yet.
But maybe we can get one set up for him
at the Hard Rock Cafe.
So here's the details.
And you can always go to wqam.com.
And see if you can get the details there.
So Neil's calling right now.
Hang on, let me talk to Neil.
Hey.
Yes, Netflix is working on it right now.
So hopefully we'll be back up.
I'm on the air right now.
I'm just kind of feeling until we can get you back up.
Okay, I'm just right now talking about George's party on Friday.
Bye.
Now that's real radio right there, isn't it?
Okay, so that's Neil.
He's on the line waiting for us to get the line back up.
So since that happens, obviously you will know.
Because Neil will be talking.
I have this pod on right now.
But anyway, the party for George, here's what's happening Friday.
This Friday from 4 until 7 p.m.
I don't know why I say seven.
I don't know why I say p.m.
I mean, it's obviously 4 to 7 in the afternoon at night.
I don't think we'd do it from 4 to 7 in the morning.
But from 4 until 7 at the Hard Rock Cafe,
which is right inside the Hard Rock casino in hotel.
As you're kind of head around towards the, towards the,
I guess the pool entrance really is kind of where it's at.
You'll see it.
Just keep walking around and, or just ask somebody where the
Hard Rock Cafe is.
And what they're going to have for you guys basically is
happy hour prices.
So they'll have some specials on drinks and on food.
And George is going to be out there saying hi to everybody.
So, you know, bring a camera.
Bring your friends.
Everybody is welcome.
It is free to the public.
Not the food and drinks.
You got to pay for your own food and drinks.
I think we're taking care of George because he doesn't make
any money right now.
I guess he's on the unemployment.
And I guess he's maybe got a couple of months left of a pay here.
But we're going to take care of his food and drinks.
So maybe he'll sneak you on or something like that.
But that'll be this Friday from 4 until 7 at the Hard Rock Cafe
in the Hard Rock.
So do we know what the deal is?
It's just a line drop down.
Circuits come.
Any ETA on fixing it?
No.
It's up to the phone company.
Oh, Christ, we're in trouble.
Looks like I might be doing the last hour by myself.
I don't know if you can even hear me.
I don't think he can.
But if you can, you might be taking a rest of the day off, brother.
So for those of you too that are wondering like what is going to be
like when I do the shows, you know, because you're so used to George
and obviously, obviously, those are big shoes of Phil.
And I'm expecting to come in and be gangbusters as good as George's.
I think I'll have to grow into the role.
And you guys will have to grow into knowing more about me.
Now a couple of things that I think you'll find similar between me and George
is the fact that we both love new music.
And I think George got a lot of his new music from me.
And we had a little exchange thing going on.
Sorry, I'm checking Neil's text in me.
I guess I can call.
Yeah, he can call in.
I guess on the bat line.
If we don't get it fixed by the break here, then we'll call Neil
and have him on via the bat line here.
I don't know how that's going to sound, but whatever we'll figure it out.
So anyways, back to me.
Because it's about me when Neil's not going to be here, which will be a week off in June.
I guess.
And then the summer schedule starts will all be on Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays.
But here's the bottom line.
George and I were very similar because we were and we were friends.
So we kind of rubbed off on each other.
New music.
I'll have that for you guys.
That won't change any anti-religion.
I am very much so.
I am very much against organized religion.
I don't know nearly nearly as much as as George did.
I mean, that guy was like a religious encyclopedia.
He knew it inside and out.
He was quote and scripture and everything.
I can't take it that far.
But I do agree with a lot of the ideals that he had.
Like, George and I were both agnostic.
Not atheists because atheists believe in nothing.
I think an agnostic like myself and like George is we believe in that we don't know.
And I don't know what I'm going to when I die, who knows?
We could be just dirt.
There could be one God.
There could be multiple gods.
And we all assume that this guy looks like us.
But who knows?
Maybe God looks like a platypus.
Wouldn't that be sweet?
Walking around like a half duck half beaver thing?
Would you be so intimidated from God then?
If God looked like a platypus, would you be scared?
He would be like, oh little god platypus, what are you going to do with me?
And he strikes you down and sends you to hell.
Got more text coming in.
I don't know what's going on.
Uh oh.
Neil says, looks like all your phone lines are down.
Oh great.
Well, something's ringing in right now.
Is this phone thing even work?
Let me see if this thing works.
QAM, hello.
No, see, it's not going over there.
You not going to get this thing on the air, Timmy?
Hang on a second dude.
Hang on man.
I forgot to pick that thing on hold.
I think that worked.
I think you got him on hold.
Dude, that'll be hung up on him.
He wasn't on there.
I couldn't hear him.
Man, everything's going to hell in a hand basket in here.
He can hear me on the phone though.
I think you just got him on the speaker phone dude.
I forgot how to put him on hold.
New day, first day in a new studio for me even trying to work the phone.
So I don't even know what's going on here.
But I think you guys will be happy to know that some of my show will be similar to what
George did.
However, I will not talk about Derby Girls in Roller skating because that's not my scene.
I'm more of a beer drink and going out to a nice dive bar,
Billion up, grabbing a PBR and a can.
No, I'm actually kind of a beer snob really.
I mean, I'll down a PBR.
All I did was hit the button once.
You might be able to just hit it again.
A guess A, that one?
Well, it says calls.
No, he's not on.
Can you hear me dude?
Well now you got him on hold for sure.
But I think maybe I'm hitting it up wrong.
Are you there dude?
How about now?
No.
I'm going to figure out how to work these phones man.
Maybe they are down.
He's on it.
So obviously it's working.
Do we keep the same phone numbers from last time?
5670560.
Data Broward 954305.
Alright, why don't we do this?
Enough about me for a second.
You know my show is going to be similar to Georgia's but different.
Probably more of a regular guy kind of vibe with my show.
I'm not quite as...
And this isn't a dig.
This is not a shot at George.
I'm not quite as...
I don't want to say homophobic because George was not homophobic.
He actually, you know, worked with Neil for 18 years.
I don't think Georgia's homophobic.
But George would go to the extremes to prove that he wasn't gay.
I guess you could say talking about how manly and how much, you know, he had sex with random chicks.
To kind of show that he wasn't gay.
I don't go that way.
I know I'm not gay.
I don't need to prove to you guys that I'm not gay.
And I'm definitely not homophobic.
I've got some very close friends that are gay that I...
Yeah kid baby.
WQAM is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, if you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-0 and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So you want me a boy cast out?
Oh, a boy?
A boy cast out.
A boy cast out?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
Yeah.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
Boy cast out.
News.
News.
I'll take a 1 or 2, you need help.
Here we have the zoos beginner's course.
Wait, wait, wait.
Parade out!
Over here we have the objective the winner will win
Please don't let you be
Wait here, we have to take him as a cost
We're gonna lose
He'll just write down
We're paying up to me
We're paying up to him
We're paying up to him
We're paying up to him
We're paying up to him
We're paying up to him
We're paying up to him
And over here we have to hide some body to live him
Aaaaah
Aaaaah
And I'll open your books to win
Page it
watching
he paid the after me
And aaah
I want you to pick
yeah
Andaah
Andaah
And over there
and over there
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to
make your wet radio dreams come to will.
I mean a one-quam crew.
When will you lose the world?
The now is up 16 points and we're back on the air from my hear.
Oh, so what happened?
They said it was something with the phone company.
Well, guess what? I think all your other lines are down too.
They were working actually.
They were?
Some of them.
I tried to call you on the bat line. I don't have any dots on my phone.
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe just the local numbers are working because once you dropped off
and I started talking to phone lines lit up.
Really?
And then I couldn't answer them because the phone wasn't producer mode.
And what about the bat line?
I don't know.
I don't have any dots on my phone. Is your internet still working?
Yeah.
Well, how can I lost all my dots? What's dot all about?
Well, it seems like we've got some engineering problems here, Jolly Jo Bell.
Yeah.
It's not, it couldn't possibly be that they put the bombs rush on this whole move.
Could it?
And that they moved, they made the move prematurely before they were really ready to do it?
Couldn't be that, could it?
No.
No, no.
I want to get course all upset again, but you know what it is?
It is time consuming to do all these things and to move to another building.
And it would seem to me that they would have taken their sweet time and done it right.
But then again, that would be the right thing.
We got 600 votes on the poll.
Neighbors' dog is pissing most people off.
So I got no dots.
Yeah, I got dots here.
Well, I don't, as a matter of fact, line one is ringing in right now.
Well, I couldn't tell you, because I got no dots.
And I've tried to, oh, you know what the deal is?
What?
Oh, wait a minute.
Your figureation.
Oh, associate producers not currently connected to a server.
You know what that means?
No.
It's down.
Oh, no.
Yeah, so they're telling me that this was a bell south AT&T problem.
Yeah.
Not our problem.
Well, I could see the line one out, because I had two green lights on one red light.
So if there's a red light on there, it means we're off.
Yeah.
But what do they tell you about the internet about my phone line?
I have nothing.
There's nobody here now.
They all left again.
Well, that's bad.
Yeah.
Anyway, 20 after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Only your phone lines are working down there anyway.
Pete, the chronics says, is this what we have to look forward to with flea all summer,
as he goldies, cousin played the tapes.
Very bad, Pete.
We're having a time of distress, of technical distress and distress and undress.
It's a mess.
Yeah, I thought that I could change the configuration on here and get back the dots.
But guess what?
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Maybe I need to reboot the computer during the break, which I have to go all the way around and pocky around with that.
Uh-uh.
Well, that was on the floor on the other side of the board.
Or maybe I should just say screw it, because I'm not taking any calls anyway.
Yeah.
Screw it.
Boy, what a- and still no words from George.
Barry Jackass seems to have some information, but we have nothing.
Let me look and see.
No?
The following messages for homeowners who thought they could not refinance their home.
Here's another spam email.
I need that like a hole in the head.
Got no email from George and certainly no text message.
Have you?
No.
Well, so what's the deal?
Why don't you text them and say, so K-Paso, what happened?
I'm doing that right now.
Yeah, do it.
And text.
At least he can tell us whatever he's allowed to tell us, which may be not much, but-
or even if he just says I can't tell you.
Something.
Rudy says, well, Neil, if he just dropped in time for your Joyce thank God, I already did my Joyce.
Anyway, I pay for your ticket to see you at the party for George, it says.
I'm not going to be there.
I can't make it.
I would be there if I could take the day off.
But I think that's a bad idea.
Mike says, right in the middle of the rap song we get dead air and then please sing, is this on?
Are you there?
All right, love those new studios.
It says the engineering blows.
Now come on, Mike.
Be ease, go easy on engineering.
They're very thin skinned, George Corso.
And he goes run into the management.
Man, they're picking on me.
The old fags picking on me.
We're working our ass off.
He's like a child.
He's like an overgrown child.
So very jackass says as far as George is concerned, my sources say the meeting is over and went very well.
This was at 12.57 p.m.
That would make it a two hour meeting.
Went very well.
That doesn't tell me anything, but nevertheless your sources are very vague and you know inquiry minds want to know what that means, Barry.
And you're not getting any response from little George?
No.
Greg says that's it.
I'm not going to say f.
No, don't.
You can though.
I got the dump.
No, I won't.
Hopefully never again.
That's happened to me three or four times over the years.
That happens to the worst of us.
Happened to me once in Tampa.
Did it really get?
But did your dump work?
We didn't have a dump.
Or you didn't have a dump.
Yeah.
So he is a fake stoner and now I know he's the mole.
The express was great.
He's a turd.
Run like hell, Neil.
Run like hell.
The express sucked.
Oh, it's the pineapple express.
Well, it says on top pineapple express that movie.
He's calling it the express and James or Franco was in it and it sucked.
Oh, I got a text from George and he says good meeting all my old friends.
Valetine for me.
They have to talk to corporate now.
That sounds good.
Sounds promising.
All those old friends like McGill.
I wonder about stugots.
Sounds like stugots.
That's dubious to me about stugots.
Him and Josh Friedman teaming up against little George.
Oh, here's somebody with a comment about the new studio.
It says sounds like QA made a premature evacuation.
At a boy, Ron, Ron from Miami, you are absolutely correct, sir.
You got your thumb right on it.
First, he says people should be nice to flee.
He did fine.
I would have just stared at the microphone, which is why I'm not on the radio.
That's right, first key.
First key, first key.
One more I need to fact from John.
John says also recall the years after her controversy.
I need to be came in a knowing spokesperson for a Skippy peanut butter.
Her catchphrase was no, Skippy's better.
I don't remember that.
I had a dog named Skippy.
I never been a big peanut butter guy.
Are you?
Yeah, I like peanut butter.
I'm not saying I don't like it, but I've never been a big.
And I certainly don't like peanut butter like ice cream or peanut butter candy.
Like Reese's peanut butter cups.
Oh, boy.
I don't like the fake peanut butter, which is what?
Like a Reese's.
That's fake peanut butter?
Well, I mean, I'm sure there's some peanut butter in there, but it's not like regular, just pure peanut butter.
Somebody says since Flea is now a fixture on the show, how about putting a picture of him on your website?
Okay.
Let's put a picture on the Near Rogers website.
In fact, let's get that website straightened out, Eric.
And where's the thing about George's party on Friday on our website?
I don't see it.
I don't know.
I don't think quarters is here yet.
No, I'm talking about on the Near Rogers website.
He's got nothing to do with that.
Yeah.
And Eric sent me something on that.
Let me see what he said.
He did?
Yeah.
What am I going to do about these damn dots?
George's news on our site.
I'm setting something up to show the latest George news on our site.
And that was at 10 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 10 o'clock, Eric said that?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, give me some time for Grinole.
He's got a lot of meals to eat.
Bob says, is a follow up to one of your other online listeners reported you earlier?
It's true.
The online feed is beginning is beginning commercial breaks before you actually break for commercial.
This online break began when you were in the station stands for nothing.
April 20, 1769.
Ottawa Indian Chief Potty Act is murdered.
We now present Chief Potty Act's famous lost words.
Oh, out to.
Potty Act's dead.
Someone called Tripolay.
Join us again for famous lost words.
Okay.
So, Carolin informs Vesci can hear me on the internet.
That's great.
I'm not saying our streaming is down.
I'm saying that the phone thing is down between here and there.
Which generally is a byproduct of whether or not you have the internet working.
And you do.
I do.
Well, I wasn't a marriage proposal, but.
In fact, this thing looks really bizarre now.
This monitor for the phone, but I'll deal with that some other time.
Yeah.
AW after wood buying.
Oh, your priorities are all screwed up.
Hey, listen, I'm not going to be the engineering savior.
Okay.
All the green lights are on there.
I can hear you.
You can hear me.
What more could anybody want?
And George may have a job.
Yeah.
Well, as soon as he knows something, he'll let us know.
We'll let you know.
And then they will fear you, George.
Then they will fear you.
And don't forget to come out on Friday, too.
He had between 4 and 7 at the hard rock.
Come out and see George and give him a big kiss.
Bring him some stuff.
Bring him some good stuff.
Bags of money.
Bags of money and bags of weed.
Yes.
The real vanilla ice is back.
He says, I don't want to be chronic.
You are.
But the show continues to get cut off.
And now the lines are dropping off.
Is this engineering or sabotage?
Tell Joe Bell to get his Schmidt together.
Get your Schmidt together, Fat Joe.
Well, I know engineering is a lot more difficult.
That's easier to critique than it is to do it.
I know.
And then the lines, the dots went off on the phone.
And the connection on there went off.
At the same time that we lost the connection with Bell South.
Or whoever it is.
How do you like that?
The good thing is that my router is still, all the lights are still flashing.
That's still, that isn't the problem.
Because if I got to punch you around with that again,
I don't want to have to do it.
Cliff and Candle says, Meryl Streep is probably one of the best actresses around.
Just like Philip Seymour Hoffman, she becomes a completely different character in every movie.
See, that to me is the key to a great actor or actress.
Right.
I was thinking that when I was watching the movie, it's funny he should mention that.
And since I plan on watching Milk this Memorial Day weekend,
it looks like rain for the next 10 days.
Yeah, it's, you finally get your rain.
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
First, you have a drought, then you have tons of rain.
Here are the sun, a shine, and it's pretty nice.
Philip Seymour Hoffman, one thing about him, he's different in every role he plays.
As opposed to say like somebody like, I've always bitched about this, Spencer Tracy.
To me, every movie he was ever in, he was playing, he was Spencer Tracy, playing Spencer Tracy.
You know what I mean by that?
Yes.
I don't know the reason for that.
I mean, Marlon Brando, he was a different character in every movie he was in.
Other than, what was the movie with Matthew Brodrick,
where he reprees the Godfather role,
where they were chasing that big iguana around, whatever that was?
Whatever that movie was.
I don't know.
You don't know that movie?
No.
Well, he was doing the Godfather thing again in that movie.
You don't know that?
Marlon Brando and, uh, Brodrick Crawford.
Brodrick Crawford.
Yeah.
Brodrick Crawford from Highway Patrol.
Yeah, I don't think I see that movie.
What?
The one with Marlon Brando?
Yeah.
Well, that was the only one where he was the same, because he was bringing back the Godfather character.
Did you ever see adaptation with Meryl Streep?
No.
That's good.
I never really liked her until this movie, uh, doubt.
And now I just can't believe what a great performance it was.
She was fabulous in it.
George Ann says, hey, amigo.
All I can see is George standing at a bar talking to Steve White to PD about working with that family at $7.90
when they stabbed him in the hand and choke him to death while sending you as bulletproof vest,
stuffed with a sports mic.
I hope he finds a good gig because he deserves it.
Love the show.
Always listening.
Thanks, George Ann.
She thinks they're going to pull a Luca Brassian, George.
Obviously that didn't happen because he sent you.
Maybe with his good hand.
He sent you that text message.
Here's one that says, hiring George would be a smart move for the ticket.
Perfect way to send a big FU.
Don't say the word to Joe Smell and QA.
I didn't say the word.
Smart move to put him on a 2 p.m.
2 if they do.
And you were upset that Flea got Joe Bell's email to you yesterday by George Bing on your show.
Why wouldn't he?
He's your producer after all.
Hang in there old man.
Now why would he copy you on that?
Not sure.
That's because you and he are really, really tight.
I think that's where it's at.
Like peas in a pod.
Are you?
No.
You're like every now and then like bunked down together?
Yeah, we spoon.
Do you?
When in doubt you spoon some out?
I believe that.
Warren peace.
Oh my god.
What the hell is this?
Just sepid Beyondo.
I'd rather hear from Dick Beyondy.
What the hell is this long sad.
Crazy thing.
Isn't it amazing the stuff that you get in your email that has nothing to do with you or anything you're interested in or anybody you know?
Here's one that says while you were talking again your commercial started.
I think Flea has something to do with it.
Bloodsucking tick not a flea.
Yeah, you're sabotaging me right.
Yeah.
Don't you understand the streaming is screwed up.
But they've been working on it all day.
Corn to you.
That's the word.
This one says you cut out as you're reading the email about you being cut out prematurely by commercial.
By the way, tell Jason Taylor to stop working with the area of youths.
Youths? Does he work with the youths?
He works with the youths.
Oh no, he doesn't say that does he?
It's close.
How's his calendar coming Jason?
I don't know.
See, he still got a calendar?
I don't know if he did my wife would buy one.
Really?
Oh yeah.
He's got the hot for Jason.
Oh yeah.
Number 99.
Yep.
As your wife what she thinks of James Franco.
Oh, she thinks he's hot.
He is.
Yeah, he's good looking guy.
He is a not a good looking guy.
He's a great looking guy.
He's erotic.
He looks a little bit like James Dean.
A little bit better though.
I don't think James Dean looked all that good.
And I bet he smells better than James Dean.
I've always read that James Dean had very, very bad hygiene and stung the joint out.
In addition to being gay, which we know James Franco is certainly not.
He's a man, a manly man.
James Dean was a man's man and James Franco is a manly man.
Although in the movie he wasn't, he was a man's man.
Dan says, candy like peanut butter cups use a product called peanut paste.
Yummy it says.
By the way, that's the product that had the botulism.
Oh good.
Right.
It keeps them.
I'm sure he'll give me a big gob full of that.
The freshman, that was the movie.
Thanks for your rocky home and brand new Matthew Broderick.
You remember the freshman?
Yeah, I do.
You see it?
I did long time ago.
Oh, Michael also sends me that's what it was.
A whole bunch of people letting me know the name of the movie.
Scott, freshman is the movie.
Thank you.
We got it.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Just amazing.
Jeff says it's the freshman says Jeff and Davey.
Thank you, Jeff.
Your web stream is working.
I'm in Stockholm and listening.
Tell George to clean up his web so we can read what the hell he's posting.
Lose the friggin' Joker image which blocks the text.
This wanted a bitch about something so it's since it's so bloody cold up here.
In Stockholm, it's a scenic city.
Food is pretty good, although very overpriced.
Everything's very expensive there and the people are very neurotic and really a lot of drunks,
a lot of suicides in Stockholm.
Speaking of suicide, I never heard any more from my friend from Michigan.
He was going to go to the library today and let me know if he got canned or not and if he was going to take those pills.
I never heard any more.
Now, if something happened, am I never hear about it anyway, right?
No, I assume not.
Because I don't know his wife or anybody else from his family.
He's got two grown kids.
Stepkids.
I don't know.
And then of course if I did find out something happened, I'm sure I'd be bombarded with C.
If you could have done more, Neil, if you would have put them on a plane and brought them to Toronto and fed them and clove them and housed them in the rest of his life, something like that.
Because that's the way this audience is.
I'm supposed to be the savior of the entire human something I lose.
Hey, wait, don't go anywhere.
Well, here we go again.
Uncultured 20 years later.
560 Q AM.
You got to do a live.
I do.
East Coast public adjusters.
Yeah, you missed it the last break.
Oh, see, that's because I'm the logger.
It's the same thing again.
Yeah, it's all messed up.
Oh, the log, which is done automatically by some automaton somewhere, not by a human person, keeps sticking that thing over there where I would never look for it.
Would you look for it over there?
No.
No.
That my junior, honey.
Dear Aqalera and Lil Tommy, lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest.
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic in Lake Forest only to be splattered by a northwestern train.
Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel.
My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday, and we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on which we were.
We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street.
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park.
Oh, luckily though the squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that he was safe.
Suddenly two girls who were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street.
They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path.
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up with his phone.
Oh, damn!
Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flown on the grass.
To our surprise, the day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away. Apparently, okay.
Oh, good!
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel.
Luckily he didn't lose his life, but he might have lost his nut.
That's right!
145 a.m. so anyway that was Larry Lujack from a hundred years ago.
Why did I play that? Because I got an email that makes no sense.
Again, from somebody with a phone number and no name.
Okay. It says, I was on you listening to Larry Lujack's last days on WCFL and WLS.
Now he was a real broadcaster.
I was on you. What does that mean? Maybe YouTube?
No.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, he was a great broadcaster. He was funny as hell.
Larry Lujack.
But anyway, what that's supposed to mean, I have no idea.
But that inspired me to play that bit, which I haven't played in a long time.
So what's the lay of the land there is for us engineering and all this stuff. What's going on?
Well, there's nobody in this room now, but they're running around doing stuff.
It is a lot of work for them. That's for sure.
I don't doubt that. I said that, but why not give them enough time to finish your ride since we had to lay into the month?
What was the Bums rush?
Poor planning. Absolutely.
Poor planning or no planning.
Marx is, I like the new guy better already. He has charisma.
George's tried to be you. I hope this flea guy doesn't make the same mistake. Don't try to be me.
Okay.
Because I was going to sleep with the guy today, but maybe I'll wait.
Sleep with James Franco.
I dare you.
I dare you to try it.
I'm a bit fan of that.
Johnny Depp.
Yeah, there you go.
I like James Franco better from that standpoint.
Will Blake says I thought milk was well done in a good statement as the marriage rights debates continued.
I don't think Dan White was homophobic. He also shot Moscone, but a desperate man due to political and business disappointments who sought revenge on two of the men he blamed for his troubles.
No, I think he was in the closet gate.
Yeah, that's the general consensus, but nevertheless, whatever. He's still dead, Dan White.
Sean Penn said that his son was so upset that his dad kissed James Franco.
His daughter was upset that James Franco kissed her dad.
That's funny.
Wow. I'm upset.
I'm jealous. Not just upset. I'm pissed off.
Other films you might find interesting says will angels in America.
An HBO film of the different storylines, including a closeted married gay Mormon in a big city. His druggy wife.
Deathbed revelations from Roy Cohen.
An Ethel Rosenberg.
Merrill Street, whom McCone helped to try to convict and haunt him.
I think Al Pacino's in that as well. Yeah, Al Pacino played Roy Cohen over the top. It says well far from heaven about different social issues in the 60s, black, white relationships, closeted gaze.
And the band played on about the research cover up in discovery of HIV virus includes Ian McKellen and Richard Geer.
Breaking the code about computer science pioneer Alan Turing.
And it says start trek if you like the series or movies or Mr. Sulu. Mr. Sulu was gay, but nevertheless.
So there you go. That's Will selection movies.
Alexi says regarding George, maybe we'll get the line up. We've always wanted George leading into you or following you afterward.
Hopefully they wouldn't put him up against you. They have a sure ratings win if they line him up against either big O big dog.
Big O can't put a thoughtful sentence together. I'm sure George already has them on that.
What are you just smirkling about now? Nothing. You make in front of the big O wasn't bad enough.
You called Joe Rose yesterday a butt sucking, quizzling or something. Whatever you called him. As clown.
But boy, they sure have been kissing up to the engineering staff. You're almost getting the thing they've been instructed to do that.
Probably go on and on about. Oh, gee, what a great job these guys have done. Well, maybe with that one studio, but ours is still far from being done from what you're telling me.
And the let me see if I got my dots back. No, no dots on the phone. What's not all about?
I guess I'm going to have to work on that myself here. Maybe reboot the computer.
Surgeon West Palm says I'm straight. I saw milk and liked it. And yep, James Franco is a nice looking fellow.
A nice looking fellow. But Sean Penn is an embarrassment. Good actor, but a clown. Oh, I wonder if he's an ass clown.
What does what does that mean? Good actor, but a clown like I said, I thought he did a really good job in a movie, but there were times when I wasn't sure whether he was playing Harvey Milk or Harvey Firestein.
He was a little bit over the top. And like I said, the email, her character was just screaming. Wow. Screamer.
Trevor says this is from the last Thursday. Joe Bell has to be the demonstration manager of all time. He kind of reminds me of W. The
dumbest president of all time and the George situation was like Iraq, an eJerk reaction where he doesn't understand the long term consequences.
George had a bigger following than Joe Bell realized. A lot of my friends as I did look forward to George's show because it more closely resembled what your show used to be.
The calls were a huge part of your show and I for one missed the exchanges with the good callers and bashing in some of the morons.
George handled the John by and friend it is very well by not making them an issue too bad you can't have a second dump on with a two second delay and hit it when you hear John by around your
friend. I love you, Uncle Leo, but sacrilegious. It may sound I prefer the George show. And if J.B. Joe Bell thinks flea aka the chic will be able to step in and hold on to your audience in the summer. He's dreaming.
The George firing is a perfect example of cutting off your nose despite your face. You said so yourself that your show is a shell of what it used to be. That's correct. And with George gone with so many fans. So we'll go many fans and that's what and then what's left is less than a shell just ashes. Wow. Hey Joe, good luck selling that to the sponsors. It's good luck.
I love George Joe and I've got a job on the engineering by the way. It's a lot easier to critique it than it is to get it done. But all the lights are on there and you can hear me and I can hear you. And your talk back is working and I still have no dots.
Generally when the dots go out it means that your internet is history but you tell me it works. I love dots. I love dots on the phone because it means it works. Assuming if I ever wanted to you know and of course one of these days I can a couple weeks Dave Johnson be calling again before the bell
on. Like I was trying to call you on the bat line there when we were off when we had to drop out and I can just rang and rang. It wasn't ringing on your end. I didn't see it now. No. Well let me try it now. Okay. This is a test wrong. I can't do it on the year but I'll just do it for my crackberry. Still the same number right. I believe so.
Because I'm wondering if the change in building there's some change in numbers. I know that we don't have the five six seven anymore. Okay it's ringing on my crackberry. Is it ringing on your end? I got nothing. Wow. The bat lines. They changed the number or the. It's on the patch key again. I'll find out. Yeah. Find out once we're done here in about seven minutes but who's counting.
Well we got some issues to resolve between now and tomorrow morning. Right and I'm sure if anybody can do it you're the man. I'm trying. I'm writing it all down. And you notice you're the one that George and well you're sending the text message I didn't. Right. I made that your job to find out what the deal is. And what time he's going to be on.
It's day. My any town. At five six. Oh. WQ. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen this is Rambo for five. How are you? John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for five. My life ain't going to be.
I'm going great plan. The Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rambo 2 was an 85 late. Rambo 3 was in 88.
I did not make this movie with my son. He never say she was in Rocky 5 and daylight the tunnel movie. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I got to get a role from the power.
I got to have a look at the. Or blood we show like. I guess nobody ever saw. It was stupid. I guess I understand my whole life is about to.
I got left. Ladies and gentlemen. I need to make Rambo for five. Take it out. So call me up. I really need to script back and do.
I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be
on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. Certainly! I've to get ready. I've to get ready. I've to get ready. I want to get ready. Can I save you any
