The music expressed on the previous programs are the
The old-ass clown is back today.
I do not recognize this.
It's a piece of broadcast group.
It's a task-counter.
Yeah, we can't say that.
I have a few words out there.
I'm going to say five, six, seven, seven, eight.
Let me tell you how it's called.
What I'm going to do is I...
Who?
Allers Campbell.
Oh, that guy.
The next one is a younger brother.
Okay.
Siblings.
Who?
Well, you know, I'm hitting that button.
And what's happened?
I'm afraid I hit it again.
I hold out enough.
That's okay.
Just keep hanging it.
I'm going to hit it again.
We can kill it.
There we go.
It's going to have holes in the open.
The Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil.
Dial five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight.
And you guys don't really have any technical difficulties.
That's the sh...
It's the Neil...
Yeah, she's making it all.
Stick it, Joe.
By the more I like to...
I just can't let go of this.
I'm a little nervous.
What a simple thing.
The opinions expressed by Neil.
His guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQA and Managot.
That's for damn sure.
The Neil Roger Show on five, six, ten, WQA and...
In the wind, D-A-Y, S-U-D-K-S.
Literally the one, two, that you got crushed.
The brass of genital waters didn't have the guts.
Dissained, old, have made foyer when the checks were cut.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All you had to do was plug it and charge it up, D-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1 to A-Hose.
Crush the E-V-1.
The S-U-D's the taste of you.
You gotta gather for a mile.
They say they're gonna have a full month.
Not till 3000 times.
And if the big three doors throw now,
Listen to us, why?
Yeah, yeah.
Instead of shouldn't call your factories down.
You'd put us all the billion cars by now.
It was a big mistake, 40, and to take away the E-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1.
Bring back the little E-V-1.
Get a big boil, shove it up there, but.
Bring back the little E-V-1 to A-Hose.
Crush the E-V-1.
So on the plane coming back from Vancouver last weekend,
I saw the Al Gore movie and I'm convening it truth.
Yeah, rock your stuff.
And it would have been a great movie,
except for the fact that he's in it.
Man, is he boring.
I hate to knock a guy that's trying to do his best
to save the planet, but it just, it's him, you know.
No, he's just a duller.
He's just got no personality.
And like some of the people we have on the air,
like Bo Camper, like that.
Hey, listen, we got D-A to this afternoon instead of the big,
because the big goes on the way back from the NFL Columbine,
which I understand.
He was at all week last week.
Oh, did I miss that?
Or did I miss that?
Some of it, I don't know.
Whoa, did I miss that?
Some heavy duty crap where they get out the calipers,
they measure all the football players,
there are biceps and their penis and their ass.
Oh, my God.
I'll send you a recording of it if you're sorry.
No thanks.
No thanks.
A recording of what?
Him, I think we have it on the logger.
I don't want to hear him at the Columbine or not.
Anyway, we got D-A to the four this afternoon
and in the daytime when people are awake.
Mad Dog four to seven dolphins tonight.
That crap is still on, 708.
And then we got the beast from 8 to 11.
Oh, that's because D-A's in the afternoon.
Right.
And because the beast is a clearances boyfriend
and gets a lot of work on here,
which you don't belong on here,
but that's beside the point.
Oh, Randy Rhodes ahead in the erudges
is from the fake Tom Jicke in Talkers Magazine ratings.
Posted by Tom Jicke at 40743 pm.
Maybe this is for real, I don't know.
Could they?
Well, if it is, he's not using that code, I'm supposed to know.
Randy Rhodes, a bigger fish and a pond,
a radio pond, the Near Rogers question mark.
The repentant Don Imus is no better than number 20
among all radio personalities.
Howard Stern is lowest number 32 now
that he's only on satellite.
These are some of the evaluations
in the annual rankings by Talkers Magazine,
which is one of the worst rags in the history of the human subhuman race.
Talkers Magazine.
Yeah, I don't even take it out of the envelope.
It just goes right in the garabajas.
Five South Florida based hosts made the top 250.
In addition to Rogers and Rhodes,
sports hosts, hosts Dan LaBastard,
Jim Manich and Sid Rosenberg Schwartzka, made the cut.
Only Rogers and Rhodes are in the top 100,
which is ranked in order.
Rhodes has listed number 48, Rogers at 89.
I'm number 89, baby, I used to be 15,
and then dropped to something else now to 89.
Dropping out of the picture, you know.
Out of the horizon, that's because I work for Joe Bell.
A career killer.
Rhodes might not have a job in radio,
but for the boost Rogers gave her career
when she followed him at WIOD.
The next 150 are listed only alphabetically.
The top two are obvious to his little Tommy,
Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity.
That's because Tommy likes those right wingers.
Michael Savage, the rights crazy uncle in America's school,
Dr. Laura Slesinger, are next followed by Glenn Beck.
All the right wingers all the time.
The industry magazine acknowledges the rankings are subjective.
Among factors considered are,
impact the world's most important,
impact longevity and ratings.
If nothing else, the rankings are handy.
Who's who of America radio?
What do you think, says Tommy?
What do you think?
Like Tom Schaefer at the WS News Rest in Peace used to say,
what do you think?
Used to put his hand up by the side of his head.
What do you think, like a bird, you know, like a parrot?
What do you think?
Like the announcers.
He was a crazy guy, Tom Schaefer.
Get a little bit of a...
Used to see him at the Panther Games at the old Miami Arena
and then I found out he's dead.
Oh boy, I've said that.
That delivers a precious commodity when you got a liver that works.
Cactus Club Lounge in Vancouver, man.
Cactus Club Cafe.
One of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at in my life,
anywhere in the world, even Rome.
Oh, I can't believe you said that.
Well, I did.
It's great. I love it.
I've only eaten there twice, but boy, I love it.
Great.
That's a local chain in Vancouver.
A shame.
Like five, I think it's a shame.
Yeah, you mean shame?
A human shame.
And they've got like five of them.
And boy, it is great.
Wow.
I had broccoli cheese soup.
And I had three little tiny mini cheeseburgers
with onions and red relish.
Oh my god.
Those are just a die-four.
Red onions and red relish.
Sounds good.
Mmm.
Oh, I shouldn't be doing that because George Candy today is starving.
He's got no soup to make.
I thought I had some soup, but I don't know.
No soup.
He's certainly going to go for it.
He's certainly going to go for it.
He's certainly going to go for it.
He's certainly going to go for it.
He's certainly going to go for it.
He's certainly going to go for it.
Well, if you do that, you're going to be fired.
You know, George Candy is going to go for it.
George Candy is going to go for it.
Real jerk candy.
Real jerk candy.
It's a simple thing.
Idiot.
Now, here's, I did not watch the, um,
the Grammys.
I think he means the Academy Awards.
Yes.
The Oscars.
Sam says, for some reason the Grammys was on my TV.
The only thing I'm interested in is the Who Died segment.
But along the way, I noticed some possible gay-like acts.
A lot of winning men were kissing.
I'm like, have ever seen before a bizarre as Sam.
And closing the Howard Beale and one of their film clip
compilations, I met his hell not going to take it anymore.
I let out a big, oh, and they put it on.
How do you like that?
Wow.
I think Sam is a little confused about just all the way around, you know.
Is it the Grammys?
Is it the Oscars?
I'm not going to take this anymore.
What is it?
Not as well.
They got so many of them.
Not as well.
Why?
Anybody see the movie siblings?
It's a dark comedy is what they call it.
It was okay.
We're going to look it up.
Siblings.
There's a couple of chicks in it, including the blonde,
which he's going to do her finally at the end of the movie.
He's not just going to stand outside her window and do himself,
which he admits there has been doing that for years,
but nevertheless, she seems to like it.
Alice Campbell, never heard of me.
He's Neff Campbell's on the brough.
A lot of movies called Siblings.
2004.
Excellent.
Thank you.
There you go.
See, I know how to find my crap.
I bet.
Hey, ranges.
Ranges. Where's that guy?
Ranges.
Should only croak.
Ranges.
Lost in overtime for the make-believes last night.
Three to two.
The ranges are fading out of the playoff picture soon.
Fading into oblivion.
Ranges.
All the New Yorkers all the time, man.
It's just very sad.
Now, did you find siblings?
You will find many pictures online of Alice Campbell,
and I have no idea why any good pictures.
I have...
He's just a beautiful, maybe beautiful man.
He is so...what?
Maybe he's too new on the scene.
What do you mean, too new?
He's 25 years old in May.
In other words, he hasn't gotten a lot of parts yet.
Oh, he's got...I bet he's got the right parts.
We didn't see any of them in this movie, but nevertheless,
I was hoping.
You find it?
Yeah, I've made up on it, but I'm looking for some pictures
of this guy that you might not have found.
No, you won't find him.
I scour.
Oh.
What?
Nothing. Here's Alex Campbell, an old guy from the Civil War.
No, no, it's not even Kim.
It's not a Kim to him.
What, I do want to say this about that,
since I did out of my own time and my own energy on Friday
and joined you for that pick-up point.
Thank you for that, by the way.
The horse...I looked at the chart later in the day
and the comment on the horse who finished fourth...
What was it, Dr. Boogal's...
I don't know, I mean, it's a mile race.
At no point during the race that I see any...
He was no real contender.
That's the part that was very disheartening to me.
No real contender.
You know, like, here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
He was like mid-pack and just stayed there
and then finished a distant fourth.
So I'm sorry, Mark, or whoever the hell the contender was on Friday.
Sorry.
I have a lot of pressure to pick a winner every week
and I had been three for four...
Up until Friday.
Including the previous week when my horse won by seven
and a half eight lengths.
Nobody could do better without fixing it.
Fixing it...
You better watch yourself, Mr.
they're going to kick your ass right out of the Gulf Stream.
What?
And for a guy like you that needs all the friends you can get.
So anyway, Sam says...
I don't know what they'll at least say.
There were a lot of winning men kissing.
And I guess that...
I see, like, on the lips, like counter-volta.
I don't know, like, like, like, John Vivalta and his nanny.
By the way, we'll take that picture down when we're good and ready.
So you don't need to send me any more emails about...
Oh, come on, take that picture down.
I guess that bothers a lot of the macho men out there.
All right, the idea of John Vivalta kissing some fag on the lips.
Little tongue action.
Scientology, faggery going on there.
Yeah, that's right.
Here's the poll from George on Friday.
And by the way, that's not my poll I put up there.
Some listeners poll about you and did they listen to that one?
Yeah, that's fine.
That's down there now.
I didn't do that just out of spite.
And I had no idea what the result would be.
I think it's, I don't know.
It is what it is.
What should be done about Octomom, Nadia Suleiman is the poll, Octomom, that crazy bitch.
Take away her for Chilli Doctor's license, $290.
Confiscate her uterus, $186.
Baker-actor, $129.
Nothing, $117.
I got a better idea. It's not on here.
That's sort of on there.
Sticker in the desert, don't give her a map, 87.
That's that.
Take her children away, 80.
That's what I voted.
Sticker in the desert, don't give her a map.
See if she can do it again, 66.
Helper in every way possible, 22.
Oh yeah, that would help.
That would help the whole situation.
Just blow her crazy ass away.
Oh, I'm a baby factory.
I don't have any husband, I don't have any money, I don't have any job, I don't have anything.
But I got 14 kids, eyes got lots of kids, you know.
How can you even remember the names when you've got 14 kids?
Maybe she's got a system.
Yeah.
Are you faxing me something now?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, is it something important or what?
Sure. Yeah.
Is there like about the top 800 talk host in the world?
No, even more important than that.
You made the list, Neodyw, down to number 89.
Even the goddess, be generous.
Of course, she's not on.
I guess you probably talked about that.
She's not on the air anywhere.
Briefly, I posted that one story and then somebody called and said something about it.
Yeah, that was that.
And I really don't know how that, you know, she what?
Yeah, she's not on Nova M anymore and she might resurface in West Palm or not.
Or not, that's about what we said.
Well, look at this, George, is it Gulf Stream this Friday?
That's what you just faxed me.
Yes.
Come buy for great horse racing, play a little bit of poker, maybe hit the slots for big money.
I kicked acid, would mine all week.
Oh my god, did I kick some big, let me tell you about Paco in Vancouver.
And the $5 slots which he insisted on playing against my better judgment and one to grand.
God, 1,500's a matter of fact.
The worst thing that can happen is take somebody who has no business gambling and have them win.
The worst thing that, although they did go with me Wednesday to Woodbine and lost his ass playing $5 slots.
And I said, there you go.
He doesn't seem to want to go back anytime soon to which I say, excellent.
Excellent.
And when DIY, as you see, KS.
This is I with this new year now, Barack Obama.
Good evening, everybody.
I'd like to speak briefly about the state of our economy.
We don't need to do anything.
We should do nothing.
We'll also provide a $350 billion tax credit to folks who are struggling to pay the costs of buying.
And if they're corporate jets, we'll have that all take some of your questions.
Are you high?
I have no idea.
I really don't.
Are you a transexual and have a story to tell?
Yes.
It is absolutely true.
And what's your favorite position?
Reverse cowgirl?
No.
Upside down on my desk.
That's a little kinky.
Thank you, guys.
Okay, $10,18.560 WQM, Neil at NearRodgins.com.
There's a lot of crap coming in already on the emails.
I guess they missed me real bad.
I didn't miss them.
Oh, you can't say that.
I didn't miss this at all.
The only thing I would miss is if I walked away right now would be the paycheck and believe me that ain't what it used to be.
Oh, man.
Oh, you guys are making all that big money and you're crying.
That's right.
Everybody's crying.
It's American F and Wayman.
Cry a lot.
Oh, anyway, I didn't get to the thing with your promo.
Oh.
Join George this Friday, 10 to 2 in Gulf Stream Park in Casino and Halliday.
I'll come by.
I already read this.
Yes, you did.
Enjoy some great food and drinks.
While Neil and George get you ready for the fountain of youth stakes, by the way, Daniel Abastard, we got a spy report from somebody.
Where is it in my pile?
Let's get to it right away because I'm just wounded to the quick.
Oh, here it is.
Neil, Abastard was ripping you for doing the horse racing show saying it's the worst radio he's ever heard and apparently you've given up.
Oh, yeah.
The worst radio he's ever heard.
I guess he don't listen to the rest of the crap they got on that station.
Why would I care with Daniel Abastard thinks?
I don't know.
And obviously he listens as opposed to they all don't listen to any of it.
I don't listen to any of this crap.
There's like those three spy reports we got last week about where the lot of the phony emails are coming from.
Yeah, and with the Sid Show and everything like that.
They're obsessed.
Everybody over there.
Well, what did they say?
The spy report.
Remember one came in before you left on vacation saying that it was Josh Friedman who be says it is not because he either in touch.
I guess with each other the beast says that it's not Josh Friedman sending the phony emails.
Oh, fat little fat road ton of the one from a lot of people hang out today.
A little bird somebody created a fake email account just to just to be a little bird saying that it's somebody associated with the Sid Rosenberg show.
Oh, sure that or said himself.
He's obsessed.
Yes, I'm obsessed and I've only so as libastard.
Hey, Danny boy.
That's for you.
No extra charge.
I think the worst racing thing is fun.
Yeah.
I mean, so it's not all well Jesus who had the biggest penis at the account of NFL.
Oh, my God.
What a bunch of factory believe me.
I know a factory from years and years of personal experience and believe you me.
There is nothing more faggy than that NFL.
Come by.
Maybe the big is going to come out tomorrow when it comes back.
Here's the poll we got going on there now.
436 votes.
Now if we were across the street, we'd have already have 50,000 votes.
Right.
Because they got this humongous audience in their own mind.
How many days did you listen to George while he was on vacation?
I don't understand.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Because there were five days.
Right.
436 votes.
Are you kidding?
None of them.
203.
46.5% claim they didn't listen to you at all last week.
I don't believe it.
Neither.
Liers.
Are you kidding?
All of them.
131.
30%.
30, man.
244.
3.
39.
And four days.
19.
Only 19.
What?
Nothing.
Of which day of the week did they avoid, I wonder?
The bad one.
Maybe Friday when subs was on.
No.
That was kind of fun.
And a subs by in there.
That is fun.
So I just go with that.
The worst radio he's ever heard in his life and he's given up.
I'm not giving up.
I'm still here.
Still collecting a big fat check.
A lot more than you'll ever make, Mr. Hotshot.
Mr. Big Shot.
Mr. Oh, we the Cubans won the World Series.
Not the Marlins.
What are the disgrace?
Here's another one from the fake Tom Jicke.
Heard that Kevin Rogers was on WDQM this weekend.
Would you know anything about that?
Even if he would have been.
You wouldn't know about it.
Kevin Rogers from across the street.
We got canned over there.
And he was sucks.
So it's possible because if lucky you say.
If it sucks and it's really, really bad.
And if a jolly jolly clearance like it, it's going to suck and it's going to fail.
Anybody know about Kevin Rogers being on QM this weekend?
I'm talking to like out loud.
You know, just because I know you're not going to have an answer.
No, sorry.
Somebody who.
Maybe Flea would know about that.
Flea is a Yenta.
He's a real Yenta.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Yeah.
That's fine.
Faster than a touch-tone phone.
Louter than a pneumatic drill.
Able to sidestep reality in a single bound.
Look, they're on the phone.
It's a rabid mousse.
It's a breeding jackass.
Yeeees, the Amolee, these people.
No, it's Yenta, man.
Okay.
That was just for Flea.
Yenta.
It's a good guy.
He's a real Yenta.
Anyway, a PR Ralph, your close personal Puerto Rican friend, says cactus cafe.
Was it the one on Broadway in action?
No, it wasn't that one.
It was the one around the corner from Barard.
There's a name of the street that's on.
I'll, I'll, Robinson Street.
Robsen, Robsen, I don't know.
Because we ended this one.
And Jesus Christ, the food was great as a PR Ralph.
Jesus Christ.
And the many kissing right when you're a Paul the time, nothing wrong with that.
George, big your kiss for you.
Muah, it says muah.
No, none of the lips.
I can't stand that muah stuff, you know.
Hate that.
It's phony, insincere.
If you're going to kiss somebody on the lips, tuck her right up, baby.
Stick her right in there on the tongue, too.
Mary Beth says, I haven't heard you talk about it, but have you seen the movie Twilight?
No.
Never heard of it.
You know of it?
That sounds familiar.
Stay more.
Tell me more.
It's based on the books by Stephanie Meyer.
Oh, the vampire movie?
Well, why are you asking me?
How the hell do I know?
I'll just got to say I don't know.
You might like it because all of it.
It says Robert Pattinson is worth seeing the movie.
Welcome back.
Thanks, Mary Beth.
Robert Pattinson, I wonder if he looks like Alex Campbell.
So I was going to say, Jesus God is he pretty.
So I was going to say, yes, you might like it because all the teenage girls are all a dither about it.
They're all, they're all obsessed.
Oh, yeah.
So it sounds like there's something in it for me like Fred Ossoon.
Maybe he told me there was something in it for me, just for me.
I don't know it was a hit.
That was on again over the weekend.
I know I saw it.
And I watched it.
I watched it.
I actually go out to Vancouver.
I watched it on the plane.
Also got in the part two.
Is that what you're talking about?
Yeah.
Part two was on again.
And I love when Al Patino is given Fred or the big hug and he looks at Al Niri with that knowing look.
And they look at each other like that little wink and a nod.
Wink and blink and a nod.
You know, Robbie Pattinson, do I have to look him up?
You might have to.
You sound like a real faggot to us while I am.
And I have make no apologies for it.
Speaking of faggot's Adam Oshmak is back from Kitchener Waterloo.
Didn't take very long.
Good to hear your voice again.
Glad to hear you had a good time in Vancouver.
Just to follow up from something George was talking about on Friday.
Marlon Jackson's Slaveland does exist.
There was a BBC article on it a while back.
And then he's got a follow up to that with a long song.
I'm like, I said it to George next time he's on.
Or said it to George now.
Why do they send me stuff to talk about with what you were talking about?
I don't know.
Suds brought it up.
I didn't believe that it was a real slave land.
I had never heard of it.
I didn't.
I doubted whether or not it was a real place.
I think Lee Google didn't find anything but apparently it is a real place.
Yeah.
Where you can end relive the slave experience.
Doesn't the end?
Is it looking amusement park?
I hear it's an amusement park.
I was just going to say something of the sort.
Brandon says, welcome back, Pally.
Why do you off?
I cut a bit of Bubba and he said something very interesting.
Well, that's a novelty.
He was reading the top hundred and he was pissed off at both him and Howard.
We're not higher up on a list.
He said Howard should have been at least ten and Bubba right under him at eleven.
Also, we said, while you were hovering around in the eighties, you should have been at least fifty.
Not ten or eleven like him or Howard.
Sounds to me like you're beneath him.
I don't want to be beneath him next to him above him or anywhere near him.
And anybody who pays attention that list has got a real serious ego problem.
Nobody cares about freaking talking to a man.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Hi, kids. I'm Alex Rod Regans.
I'm here to tell you to stay off steroids and other performance enhancing drugs.
Because they will destroy your career and life.
Just look at me.
I'm the richest man in baseball and I nail Madonna.
Oh, okay. Maybe I'm a bad example.
But at least I didn't sleep with Mindy McCreedy when she was fifteen right claimants.
Yeah! Who demand?
Yeah!
I remember, kids, steroids bad for you, et cetera, et cetera.
Hey, somebody bring my limo around.
I have to go not ride an Alomony check.
It's good to be a ride.
1031 at 560 WQM.
I've got some bad news from Mary Beth.
Your taste is in your Tulsa sunny.
I looked up Robert Pattison during the break.
The guy from Twilight or something.
Yes. Okay.
He is so ugly that it's just an embarrassment.
See, I had a feeling that you might say that.
Why is that?
Because he is.
When the phenomenon started going on, you know, the trailers were on every five minutes for that movie.
Yeah.
And everybody is going all googogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogog
I read about he's an A-hole. Yes, I've heard this too. This is the popular rumor but then again who cares, you know, right? But Robert Patterson, man, I'm what I'd wrapped in the bowl this morning looks better than him. Trust me, Mary Beth. So you better get some glasses, honey. But I dig up an area and see if he can cook you up with some magnification reading glasses. Because your eyesight is bad. Either that or your taste is in your tussles like I said. You're not alone. If she's a Jones in for her. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not
sure. I'm not sure.
What's it now?
Chamba and his partner in crime sure they got him in a little room over the members of the panel
They probably got their own phone system hooked up for them over on the committee
Either that or it's a
Jolly Joe's got him in the conference room that wouldn't surprise me
Remember what the Joe well fineberg said right they'll do anything they'll do anything to destroy our station and just like a Joe
Joe well whoever these people are I don't know I've been on vacation trying to forget them
Now Barry Jackass sends me this the fake Barry Jackass and also the fake Tom jikers just all over the place
See I know it's not the real time jikers is all about radio in the real time jikers
Don't give a crap about radio anymore what good point now he never writes anything about radio
So I know that all these are fake in addition, which he doesn't have our secret code word on there
And he also since since he got out it is being on Rosenberg show a couple weeks ago and ripping me an ass or
Sitting bypassively while I was being ripped an ass since I when he was outed on the show for doing that
I've never heard from the real time jik again with the real a password
Huh, yeah
Maybe he's embarrassed that he's on there ripping me behind my back just like he used to do with Sandy Peyton years ago
That's okay Tommy
This is the following message attributed to Randy Rhodes was recently posted on the Randy Rhodes show website says Barry Jackass to all
And I know I got this like two weeks ago. I'm sure you're right even posted a story about it when I was doing over M radio
It's not yet corrected the problem and skept me off the air
Despite my strong desire readiness to broadcast my show
Respecting the employer employee relationship that's existed. She's done. She's finished. She's off
In the light of the most recent developments my show will be seeking a new home she says I would ask for your continued
Patients and intelligence and respecting my rights during this time you're on way wearing supporters cherish thank you
And I'll see you in someday
Randy Rhodes she's off the air
Mm-hmm. Now. I don't know whether they can't harass or they just didn't want to pay her anymore
Or she walked out in a huff like she usually does. I don't know what the deal is. Did we do the break at 25? Yeah?
Yes, I didn't cross it out Sam. I'm out of practice. I was on vacation. We know where he's like me that vacation
Did me a lot of good? Did it? Oh, yeah good
Like I said, I want like crazy would buy good like crazy like a madman
Found me a good machine
Several couple of good machines man and my yesterday my Indian friend was there with his girlfriend bitch. Oh
Don't keep me started on that
Okay super friendly. And now either he's very naive. I mean is it possible to be naive when I'm as much of a lich and a lyrus
I am I don't think so. I mean make it so obvious. It is yes. It is possible. Well, he's very friendly
God
I'm telling you a lot of those people from India are really beautiful people mon
Holy moly not arguing with him. Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm anyway the fake Tom jikka says
Tom lekkas closed down the talk format at CBS radios
KLSX and Los Angeles Friday afternoon with an abbreviated two-hour show leading into the stations previously announced flip to top 40 as
97.1 ampere radio at 5 p.m
We will resurface when the time is appropriate like us said advising fans to check his my space page for updates
Taking his last call around long hit and lazy Peterson style like his finish-up to show by playing Joe Jackson's
I'm the man saying the lyrics are about me followed by one last blow me up Tom. Oh
I mean you talk about a no talent. That's Tom lekkas
no talent none
Like his began his last show on the station by ripping midday co-host Frank Kramer who like his lead suggested on Friday
Frosty Heidi and Frank show that like his refusal to take a pay cut later the stations demise
Like his doing a show from the station rather than the shows accustomed studio on the paramount pictures lot in Hollywood
Said Kramer accused me of being the culprit for the end of the format here
And here's what he said he said that everybody here was going to take a pay cut
To keep the format going except me that I was the only one who refused to take a pay cut
Well, I challenged him to prove that of course he doesn't have a radio show anymore on which to prove it because number one
I'll bet this week salary that mr. Kramer did not voluntarily take any pay cut
I'd like to see the proof and on top of that nobody ever asked me to take a pay cut here. It just didn't happen
Why would he say that why would he say on the area does he cares more about radio than I do because he was willing to take a
Pay cut and I wasn't but this sounds like a bunch of childish crap to me. That's like us
Now I know they were drinking in here. I know they were boozing maybe it was the booze talking
But I want to tell you that I have a contract that the company is just treated me great
I'm as happy as a clam and I think maybe a little booze in there maybe Frank's a little jealous
Like his facetically offered Kramer job work on his Santa in his Valley ranch
Working the fields and doing his podcast from like his is ISD in studio
Former like his producer Eric Braverman most recently PD had sit at El Tauke ABC Los Angeles visit like his in the studio for the final show
Which featured like his flash Friday bit and calls from well-wishing fans?
I haven't had a complaint in the world about it is treated by CBS like his told one caller
Noting he'd been given eight days notice was being a chance to say goodbye in a year unlike Mike Rineri who was on ceremony
Actually not giving a chance to say goodbye in a year like most people are not they caught you in after what they
Determined as your final show and you're gone and they never let you come back to you. Bye. Bye. That was embarrassing
That I was terribly embarrassing Rineri had been on IOD for about a hundred and forty five years and they treated him like crap
Although they didn't have to pay him for a whole year for not working that's right. I found most of you
Not let him say goodbye. I mean he's the kind of person that would not have said anything that that's right
He wasn't gonna knock them a rep of an ass. It just wasn't his style
He was gonna say uga booga one final time and the look he look y'all
He'll go got to y'all that's right. You'll hold hold it real tight and squeeze it
but no
Because these people are heartless relentless bachelors and you know they you they're like a sponge in this business
They use you and they squeeze every drop of blood out of your ass and they're just to toss you away
Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news
Lenora and James Litchfield of Tacoma, Washington had both lost their jobs
She at the broom factory and he has a brick layer
Financial times being what they were
Lenora decided that she could begin a life of prostitution
Her husband less than thrilled with the idea just
Ignored her but as time passed and bills mounted financial necessities got the better of them and
Lenora began her life
of prostitution
One night later she returned with a huge wad of
cash and
Fessed up to her husband that she indeed had begun prostitution although upset he asked her how much she made
She gleefully announced
398 dollars and ten cents
The
Husband puzzled looked at his wife and said well who paid ten cents and she replied
Everybody Paul Harvey
Good day. Wow 1045 at 560 WQM. That was moderately amusing. Yeah
Robert Patterson is worth seeing the movie a Mary Beth like I said I can't I just I can't believe that anybody
That bad if it takes a movie turned into a phenomenon. They had yeah and the showings and theaters
There were while watching it like Rocky Horror the girls were coming back over and over again
It was like a Jonas Brothers kind of thing for a while there
Yeah, well the exception of the fact that at least Joey Jonas is hot
That this gets not even Luke warm. He's not even tepid
That's gross. He has grotesque. He looks like Kimbo campers ass on a bad day
I was speaking of a jox got a celebrity a jock death
Very sad cuz this guy went to Michigan state
Brad Van Pelt dies at 57 former Giants linebacker
Remember Brad Van Pelt oh, yeah, no
Five-time pro ball player who played with the Giants helped form one of the NFL's best linebacking course in the early 80s
His daddy was 57
He was found dead Tuesday by his fiancee his home in Harrison, Michigan
I've no idea where Harrison Michigan is I lived in Michigan for a long time. I never even heard of Harrison, Michigan
He died from an apparent heart attack the Giants said a
Second round draft choice out of Michigan states in 1973 fan Pelt played 14 seasons in the NFL
11 with the Giants. That's a lot of naked showers man
Although he played only on one winning team in New York
He made the pro ball five consecutive seasons for 1976 to 80 his only winning season with the Giants came in 81
When Lawrence Taylor was drafted in the team made the playoffs for the first time in 18 seasons
And it goes on and on and on somewhere in here it goes on about how he had a drinking problem a little bit of a
Booze problem, I think
Where the hell did I oh, yeah?
In addition to his son Bradley who spent three seasons his backup quarterback man
I fell with Denver in Houston survivors include two other sons another son Justin died of an accident overdose of painkillers and booze in
2001 oh boy
It's on north of Lansing north what's sad Harrison Michigan? Yeah, well, I went to school and he's Lansing and I never heard of it
Never heard of it. I think it heard some shop on the highway there. It's a truck stop on a highway
Wouldn't surprise me all the day
Send me some stuff, but it's the wrong stuff
He sent me the things go better with coke spots like that
But he didn't send me the one I was looking for which was the fortunes. It's the real thing remember that yeah
I'm trying to find it you trying to find it. Yeah, the song too
Some really good travel this and Kirby toys racing
I
The bgs reminding you to coke has that taste you'd never get tired of
Yeah, I think that was cousin Goosey.
I'm not sure.
Doesn't sound like him, but I recall him doing those cove spots,
cousin Goosey.
You think?
Lady?
Doesn't sound like him at all.
Because one thing about him when he did spots,
he wanted to make sure that everybody knew it was him.
He would do that.
Yeah, that Johnny Dark thing.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I'm sure that was Johnny Dork with all those crank calls and IOD.
So whatever we say about you and those stupid flannel shirts,
Johnny, you deserve it and then some.
And once with the fake Tom Jikker,
they all worked up to a frenzy.
Fake Barry Jackass, fake Tom Jikker, fake Yadi-yadi-yadi,
fake radio station, fake management, fake ownership.
God.
Who the hell is Paul Diamond?
Welcome back.
Last week was awful.
George kept going on and on about sticks and people
and pull vaulting in such.
Yeah.
Or rib sticks.
Yeah, that's a John Zeta.
I had to find a new AEM radio station.
Listen to him.
I began to feel as he was making fun of the audience.
Perhaps even wasting our time on Oya Man Oroz to Paul.
That you're right.
That's him.
What's first you got to say?
If you get a chance, can you please play that
that George played while you were away?
It was Kat singing a Guns and Roses song.
I bet he's dead on the radio.
What?
The cat song.
That's ancient.
That's older than you.
I don't have that.
Yeah, yeah, you do.
What's it under?
Cat song.
Cat and a kettle.
Oh, cat song.
Yeah.
Oh, I know that one.
Oh, long, good to know.
Long.
Yeah, we were talking cats.
And that day I couldn't hear the show, but it was told it was hilarious.
Please, please, but okay, well, it's coming up first ski.
Frisky first ski.
Mary Betz says, did you look at the twilight vampire picture of Robert Patterson?
It looks better than that human real life.
Looks better than him in real life.
Sorry to be a chronic.
I got news for I saw a whole bunch of pictures of him and everyone he looked uglier than
the previous one.
Okay, quit trying to petal Robert.
Maybe she's his agent.
Maybe she's got a Robbie Patterson blow up doll.
I don't know.
Ugly, real ugly.
Nist from here.
Okay.
You enjoy him.
Have a good time with him, honey.
Screw his brains out.
Okay, whatever.
But the Nist from here I'm not interested, especially after having seen that movie.
What is it again?
Siblings.
Oh, yeah.
You wouldn't want to see.
You wouldn't enjoy it.
What night?
Does anybody get it?
I don't know.
You might.
There's no no chicks in it.
The girls don't get naked.
No.
I need to to see.
Oh, speaking of that, what a what a segue.
Guess who I got and I'm sure this is from the real.
The last minute.
Well, maybe it's not.
I don't think the real Phil Ladsman ripped Hank, wouldn't he?
He might, but nevertheless.
Maybe I shouldn't read it then.
Went to cheat the lounge in Hellendale last night and saw a fat Hank belly up to the bar
handing out $20 bills to get grilled.
That ain't Phil Ladsman.
What?
Phil Ladsman's a gentleman.
So even if he was there, he wouldn't be saying anything about it.
That's what I'm thinking or talking like that.
But it is kind of funny, though.
Then go for it.
What a pitiful and disgusting side as I was leaving, I complimented him on his 30%
season and he has been picking NFL games.
What a worthless toad it says.
I wasn't a Georgia.
Last week and he sounded great.
Best Phil.
Thanks Phil.
I still don't think it was him.
No.
Well, he has said it's some real ones though in the past, but I'm out and out.
Maybe we could work out a code.
Yeah.
Well, the people that have a code like jica, they don't use it anymore.
So I don't know whether it's him, you know, who sends me this long, long thing about
stern and about serious and yada yada.
Yeah.
When they got bailed out there last week, the stock went from a dime up to 20 cents and
then went right back down to 13.
I saw how do you like that?
I'm serial.
And what did I tell you in the beginning?
People aren't going to pay for something they can get for free.
Okay.
Now on cable TV, different story.
Because it's entertainment.
It's like movies and sports and stuff that you can't get for free.
You can't get it for free.
That's right.
That's right.
I wish I could get it for free.
I wish I could get it for anything.
Speaking of Alex, whatever his name is, Campbell's.
Yeah.
He tries hard enough.
Brother.
What?
He ain't tried hard enough.
I should be hard enough with all those damn soft dials.
I keep getting on my own.
My God.
Super by every day.
Every day.
Super by Agra, super name.
Super this.
So.
Oh my God.
Must be a lot of limp guys limping around through life.
Just millions of those damn things.
The fake Barry Jackass is back.
He says I'm hearing that third channel.
May look to hire Jeff DeForest for mornings at WINZ
when the station flips to Fox Sports.
Wow.
Talk about stiff competition.
He could bring that 0.3 over to a 940.
Seems like the radio chronics are just out of control.
I guess that's because you probably ignored them last week.
Did you?
I read emails every now and again.
But sparingly.
Sparingly right.
You take calls.
I take calls and I don't read the fake emails.
Well, why not?
Because those are the views.
That's all you men.
That's me.
That's all you.
That's not like a shot to me.
No, even by.
In fact, this morning I looked at the alarm clock.
It was like 805.
And I thought to myself, I'm going to send Georgia note
and tell them about six.
Then I realized they just finished vacation.
Yeah, you know, I wouldn't look good.
New heights.
It looks like it.
Yeah.
Well, you know what?
La Paz just says I just have given up.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
A fortune they know all the answers.
I know it.
You know what it is.
I think that's because of Lucy.
Why is only make you lose?
When the trial runs to make you lose?
Oh, yes.
Who else is on here?
Everybody who ever cut a record is on here doing
these coax spots.
Dick this game, something very, very personal
from Gary Lewis and the Playboy.
You say you miss someone well.
So do I.
You buy it's over and done with well, so do I.
You want someone to jump in to run and have a cup
with many things to do right.
I'm just scary.
Gary Lewis.
Yeah.
What do you do?
What have a coach?
Yeah, right now.
No, it's a matter of fact.
I'm drinking my caffeine-free diaphepsy right now.
Oh, geez.
Because I believe the things go better with caffeine-free
diaphepsy.
I could be wrong about that.
I agree with him.
You agree?
My favorite.
I want to what Phil Latsman thinks about that.
You're not.
Am I supposed to be doing a spot here?
Are we yes?
No, Latsman.
Well, I already threw that page away, you know.
I don't want to catch you off guard
because you've got so much to do there, so much to handle.
I know, sorry.
Though we're down to a two-man show.
Oh, well, we need the extra people on all those other
and the important sports shows, Neil.
Oh.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I look human and my music rocks, but when I go, I use a little box.
I live in Mumbai because I have no life.
I live on my life.
I sit on the couch, never being off the wall.
Wake up hungover, coughing up her phone.
I sing like someone that's on my tail.
Tail, tail, tail.
Neil.
Wow, I'm a fly.
I'm a fly.
I'm a fly.
I thought this was funny.
No.
No.
It's long.
Remember?
Oh, that's right.
It's good.
It's old.
Long is good.
Someday soon I think I'll return.
Play with you and chew on wire.
Hang out with Garfield if that's the life I choose.
Choose you.
This only just a safe no more.
A Chinese guy just moved next door.
And I want to end up as take out at Mr. Wu's.
Oh, come here.
I'm not a kid.
No.
Wow, I'm a fly.
No, no, no.
I'm a fly.
Oh, come here.
It's a war.
It's a war.
It's a war.
It's a war.
I'm a fly.
It's a war.
I'm a fly.
Oh, yeah.
That was just a panic.
Lemme tell you.
1103 at 560 WM.
I apologize for profusely for playing that.
George is up to it.
That's me.
Yeah.
George probably is Fersky on the….
That's right.
Yeah, I'm in the hospital.
Calling into place now.
Fake Larry King says George sucks on the year.
They show us something we expect here on WVUM or Piper High's radio station.
They talked about nonsense for four hours each day.
Well, thanks for listening, Fake Larry, for four hours each day.
Right.
Let's take a look at the poll.
While everybody's ripping George and ass, not everybody, just some.
532 votes.
How many days did you listen to George while Neil was on vacation?
Are you kidding?
None of them 249.
46.8%.
Are you kidding?
All of them 163.30.6%.
Two days, 51.
Three days, 46.
Four days, 23.
But Fake Larry came listening to four hours every day.
Right.
All five days.
Are you kidding?
Thank God they're not kidding with us.
I'll tell you that.
Ron says the intermission is on the Internet are much better now.
Thanks to someone.
Thanks to Flea.
Right.
Give them some more of your good old schmitz is Ron.
That's right.
Good old schmit.
I got unlimited amount.
The Fake Tom Jicke.
Do you really want to hear this whole thing about?
In fact, let's take a look and see how serious it is doing today.
Oh, Robert Pattison.
Give me a break.
Oh.
And what was she trying to say?
That if he looked at him from 100 yards or 100 miles away with
Magdavision reenglaces, he looks almost human.
13 said it's hanging right in there was 10 and went up to 20 on that big news that they got bailed out and now they're back to 13.
They haven't gone bankrupt quite yet.
But the day is coming.
Shock, Shock Howard Stern dismissed his financial troubles plaguing serious XM radio Incas growing pains and city beliefs said I radio will be a successful
business.
Right.
Even a serious shares punched away historical low of 5.2 cents on Wednesday following reports the company is preparing for a possible bankruptcy filing.
Stern, whose team has paid 100 million year by serious was unfazed.
Let me ask you if you were getting paid 100 million year.
Would you be phased?
No.
Fazed out maybe.
Everybody's wondering about this whole bankruptcy thing with serious to suffer clean king of all media said on the satellite radio program.
I'm not concerned.
I think satellite radio is great.
It will be a successful business and will survive.
He said.
New York Times report seriously been working with advisors and a possible chapter of why will we know all that.
So this is old news Tommy fake Tommy Jicca old news.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
I spoke to him for a student and returned calls on Wednesday.
Asked what students' next contract negotiations would look like, assuming he wants to renew,
James Gross at Varrington Research said, let's presume the company remains intact.
I don't know if a contract of that nature would be written if they lose him completely,
it's like a certain amount of listeners wouldn't stay.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bob, and the beep goes on.
It does say in here, he used to have like 12 million listeners when he was on terrestrial
radio and all those markets.
While analysts estimate his daily satellite audience to be about 1 to 2 million.
So the overwhelming majority of the audience have said, oh, we got to pay for that.
No, thanks.
No, thank you.
Isn't that what I predicted?
Yep.
The overwhelming, I mean, how many people would pay like even 30 cents?
About 30.
I'm going to slow down a little bit.
I'm out of practice after a whole week vacation.
So I'm not having much success.
We're wanting that song, but it's on YouTube.
What song?
That fortunes.
Oh, it's the real thing.
I think they might even have the old commercial on there.
Yeah.
I'm looking for it.
Well, I've got it here somewhere in this place, but I'm not going to spend all my time
going through cartons worth of old CDs, you know, because he sent it to me.
And since he sent it to me in the past, he's got to have it now, chicken neck, but I don't know.
The fortune, they know all the answers.
I know who knows it.
That's not the one.
No, wait a minute.
That's the one I go.
The fortune, they know all the answers.
That's what I got here.
That's the things go better with Coke.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Not good.
I thought they got it.
Maybe we just don't got it.
No.
I mean, I can live without it, but I like those.
There's a good spots.
And by the way, be sure to take advantage of the new Dima dozen.
I'm going to get a dozen spots for a dime.
This even transcends the what?
This is even better than the old dollar, a holler.
Dima dozen.
And that's the dirty dozen, of course, because if it's on this show, it used to be really dirty.
Not anymore.
They won't let us be dirty, or even like I'm using slightly.
Fakedime, Jika, again, is back.
KLSX Morning Talk Show host, Adam Karowa, rift on what he called the sad state of Los Angeles radio
on the Penultimate Show Thursday for the station was on Friday.
Replaced its all-talk platform with the top 40 format gear to younger listeners.
As previously reported to KLSX, cease to exist in its current state at 5 p.m. last Friday.
See, this is an old story.
This is from last Thursday, Tom.
Use Suck, Tom.
Karowa didn't mince words when discussing the changeover.
All you're going to hear on LA radio now is rancheram music and top 40.
He said, what is rancheram music?
Sounds like Mexican or Southwestern?
La Cucara, Chau.
I don't know.
He did not say the local radio.
Now you'll hear more Justin Tinkerbell and Rihanna, he said.
Karowa also said the understood the decision by the state's apparent company.
CBS rated it to be a business one.
I don't take this personally.
I have nothing bad to say about CBS.
Karowa also announced Thursday he would start podcasting the Adam Karowa Show beginning Monday at AdamKarola.com.
What does that mean?
What's the confusion?
He's going to start podcasting the show.
And now, how's he going to make money doing that?
I don't know.
He's going to have a sales force or something.
A sales force?
By the way, who's the guy responsible for this copy?
David Disa?
Do we know who that is?
Nice guy.
Big fan.
His copy blows.
I'll tell him that you're not a fan of his copy.
I mean, well, it runs again later, but it's just written by some goofball.
But nevertheless, I'll change it around.
I'll rewrite it.
Do it.
I'll start writing copy to OK.
And that's just going to be engineer here and fix all the equipment and that's right.
I got to write the copy to that.
That's correct.
We're going to start selling our own spots.
Well, it might as well.
How about 100 for a dime?
OK, let me just from Dennis.
Print this out.
And I don't want to read this stuff off the internet.
I mean, off the monitor.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I got the story about no workers come from play shop protecting patron made
Don.
Look at that story.
OK.
It was on our thing somewhere.
So, Josh Cordist up by this morning before the show.
Yep.
To make it official, let's starting on March 1, which is not that far away.
What's March 1?
Sunday.
Sunday.
Right.
Saturday.
Wait.
Sunday.
Sunday, like I said, because I'm always right.
Oh, fat Chris.
Remember, fat Chris, I guess he was probably out of sight out of mind.
He's going to be posting the stories on our website, which is not too many of you read because, you know, we don't want.
We don't want.
Dennis is longtime first time.
I'm a longtime resident who first heard your show when you moved to QAM.
I've been laughing with you ever since.
It's funny, but I only listen to you and manage on QM anymore.
Tired of the sports only guys.
Info on Randy, Nova Emirators, declaring bankruptcy are no longer paying their employees.
Wow.
Also, Marines through entry instead of usual one obscure words in her latest column.
Abtrus, Apricus and Screed.
Nice going, Marine, baby.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Spread them and say cheese.
Another tough day on the job front.
More layoffs being announced by another company.
Let's now.
Several major companies announced layoffs this week, including Dow Chemical.
It's getting serious.
Thousands more people losing their jobs in the weeks ahead.
Companies announcing major layoffs in manufacturing, finance, retail and communications.
This is our moment.
This is our time.
To restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace.
And I know that it's wonderful world, but I can't feel it right now.
Well, I've told them to be aware, but I just want to cry now.
Well, it's wonderful world from the sky down to the sea.
Yesterday, 60,000 jobs nationwide that were cut.
Economic forecasters say the fresh layoffs are only the beginning,
and they predict more significant job reductions in the next six months.
It really is grim news for the economy here.
So let us summon a new spirit, a pay for the autism, a responsibility
where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder.
And look after not only ourselves, but each other.
Yes, we kick.
I've heard all the years to learn to fool wild.
I've seen it right now.
I've got all the right clothes to wear.
I've got one to cry now.
I've heard all the years to learn to fool wild.
I've heard all the years to learn to fool wild.
The road ahead will be low.
Our climb will be steep.
But America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight
that we will get there.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
And of course, Jolly Jovella is taking a page out of the Barack Obama songbook
with our own motto, a QA.
I know we can't and know we won't.
And no, we didn't.
No, you didn't.
No, we didn't.
We didn't and we ain't gonna.
Socks the cat loses battle with cancer.
Not a shame?
The only good cat is a dead cat.
Oh, you can't say that.
I just did.
Oh, jeez.
As media attention is set it on the rise of a new presidential administration,
some may overlook one Clinton era figure
who may be facing the cancer battle of his life.
Socks who held a post of White House cat during Bill Clinton's
election, the president of the state, your presidency has received a cancer diagnosis
and his approaches is 18th birthday.
Jeez, I didn't know cancel that long.
Wow.
The disease may be further cost to predict that his days are numbered.
Presidential historian Barry Landau, a longtime friend of Socks' current caretaker,
ex-Clintin secretary, Beth Curry.
Tollabcnews.com, the Clintons have been made aware of the situation.
The president, Mrs. Clinton and Chelsea were told about it a few weeks ago,
Landau said they were trying to schedule a visit so they can see him.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, no.
Woo.
Landau admits he thinks of himself as Socks' godfather or uncle,
said the Clintons also told the doctor.
What's the doctor's name?
I don't know.
It's chopped off.
You know how that goes?
Yes.
Spirit no amount of money to whatever you can that Socks gets the very best care.
Socks was taken to the animal hospital Thursday and was put to...
Oh, I see this is all over.
Ha, ha, ha.
Was put to sleep sometime Friday, was cremated.
So I guess you got the best care that money could buy and...
More it though.
Yeah.
Put to sleep on Friday was cremated.
And probably Socks' ashes are in little urn.
And they're sitting on somebody's mantelpiece right now.
The Clintons mantelpiece.
Or maybe the Secretary of State carries the ashes around in her purse.
Who knows?
Is this vase?
No.
No.
Don't know, don't care.
We don't care about putty cats on this show.
Kitty cats.
In fact, I forgot to the Clintons had a cat.
A lot of lines we could use there, but...
Yeah, yeah.
Unless they can walk on by.
Jesse says, welcome back.
What a long week without your many towns on the radio.
Nobody in their right mind can listen to George.
And I think I can speak for most listeners.
All he talks about is him and how great of an athlete he is.
I didn't know you were a great athlete.
Yeah, well, hang out with him sometime.
How he could be playing pro ball if he wanted to.
What a bolstemaker.
His ego is bigger than his whole body.
That's exactly what I said.
That's a real boring show.
Please, Neil, don't ever go on vacation again.
Oh, I'm thinking about my next vacation right now.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I enjoyed it very much.
Mucho, Mucho.
All he wanted to do was rip you an ass.
That John ZTR.
That shut in.
That's all he does.
Really?
Yeah.
So now everybody at Ripshoew is gonna be here.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
You can just tell, because that's what he was saying last week.
He was saying what?
He wrote a couple of emails.
Remember, you read a couple of them?
About the why George doesn't get sports.
So I humored one of them.
He humored one of them.
Yeah, I love them.
And?
And he went back.
Why don't I, what?
Get sports.
I get it just fine.
You get it?
Yeah.
566 on the poll.
How many days did you listen to George Raleigh was on vacation last week?
Are you kidding me?
None of them.
260.
46%.
That percent's going down a little bit.
Are you kidding all of them?
177.
31.2%.
That one's going up a little bit.
Not much.
Two days, 57.
Three days, 48.
Four days, only 24.
Only 24.
But of course, that other fake emailer,
Fickler, a king, he listened all four hours, all four to five days.
Right.
Are you kidding?
Speaking of our, are you kidding the fake Jack Vermeer says, welcome back.
What was that?
That was me chucking.
That sounded like flea almost.
Oh, maybe it was.
Oh, and then you tell me that the beast filled in one day for flea last week?
Yeah, Thursday, food day question.
That is, oh yeah, what a porkers.
What a pig.
What a disgusting roton little pig.
Fake Jeff Rimmers' is, I hope you enjoyed your vacation.
Yes, I did.
Lee and George did a great job.
Thank you so much.
I was at the grocery store the other day and picked up Pomegranate mango body wash
by South Soft soap.
Wow.
Have you ever tried that combo?
Yes, I have.
It's great.
They're all great.
I was looking for the grapefruit scent, but I hadn't had no luck.
Maybe it's a regional thing.
Did you get that in Toronto?
I want to visit back to Florida.
No, it's not regional.
It's available here.
It's everywhere.
Everywhere they sell body wash, you can get that pink grapefruit by South Soap.
Looking forward to the show today, the fake Jeff Rimmer, which reminds me,
I haven't heard from the real one in a long time.
Thank God.
Oh, no wonder I'm in a good mood, relatively speaking.
And Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkelstein feels that he's so important.
See, this is the thing with these people.
Whether fake emails.
Is that if they get you to read one right away, they become,
this becomes their life.
So he had to send this twice, because I didn't get right to it.
And the Daisy, Daisy who means well, but it's just maybe Daisy is crazy.
It says the same Randy Rhodes thing that's fake, Barry Jackass said before about.
In light of most recent developments, my show will be seeing the no home.
In other words, she's off the air.
They're out of business, Nova, Amory, or whatever the hell they were.
They're gone.
And once they're gone, they ain't coming back.
Welcome back, Niels.
This is Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkelstein.
Stein.
Stein.
First I want to say George did a great job last week.
I kind of like his topics and therefore don't understand people of Bitsha George.
Love you, George.
The fake professor loves your ass.
Thanks, fake professor.
Niels, I just had dinner down in Aventury at the P.F. Changs.
It was okay.
It's mediocre at best.
Speaking of this, I had dinner there with the professor, our close person, my space friend,
a long time ago, ages ago.
I think that was our first, no second, second lunch.
And it was mediocre at best.
The wife had a Mongolian beef and it was pretty good.
And this goes on and on.
What do I care what they ate for dinner?
Why, Jesus, God Almighty.
That is, we make our way back to Broward.
We stop to Jackson's.
Woohoo, it says.
Is that your good or what, especially after you smoke one on the way?
Yep.
I had a thing called the kitchen sink and it was the bomb, baby.
Never had so much ice cream in my life.
I thought about you because I believe you talked about this place before.
Many times, but never made it down there.
I'm a Jew from Boko.
We don't go to Hollywood.
Besides there are too many goyms down there anyway.
Yeah, way too much.
Here comes the most perspricatesious part of this email.
Of this fake email.
Way too much beast on the air.
Let's tune them out, Jolly.
You can see if we can get George on there, maybe during the weekends, or maybe even instead of Adam Cooperstein on Sunday morning.
That guy's good, but I'd like to hear George more during the Sunday morning church drive.
It would be great.
Love you guys.
I'll be in Jackson's every other day this week.
Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkelstein, CPA.
Wow.
Crazy person.
That was right about fourth.
What?
Crazy person?
Yeah, crazy person anonymous.
CPA.
That's what most of our emailers are.
Crazy people's anonymous.
EalyLadieArragers.com that's our email address.
Let's get those emails cranked up.
I want to run out.
I don't want to walk out of here with just my email in my hand.
He said there was something in it for me, Mike.
For me.
What the heck is names?
The best talent.
You don't have email rejects.
The you.
Yeah.
President Stain.
Do you think Lincoln was really gay?
Absolutely.
That's what some historians will say.
Do you think Lincoln was really gay?
Do you believe that he's a shade?
Did you see?
Is it gay or is it just memory?
It could go either way for me.
But abed up pills of mercury.
Did he watch less car?
I don't know or dance ballet.
Was his song shook me on that loan of a YMCA?
Was he gay?
He wore black but that goes either way.
He freed this lady with me that's okay.
But did he drive a cabriolet?
Oh.
London 31 at 5.60 WQ AM.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
He was eugly.
Not as eugly as Robert Pattison were close.
Who is?
Abe Lincoln.
Oh, yeah.
Well, really eugly.
Maybe that's why he had all that facial hair to try to cover up all the zit-shur and stuff and all that.
And that's why he had a bump in.
Warts new.
Joe says even if his satellite radio survives another five years, it'll inevitably be supplanted by internet radio.
It's cheaper to maintain a farm of servers pumping out your multiple streams of programming than a handful of satellites and uplink centers.
A farm of servers.
Satellite radio is too compressed because of its bandwidth limits, making it sound like radio live from inside of a chandelier.
Not a problem for the mobile internet.
We just need to get the vultures and the record industry off our backs with the ridiculous licensing fees.
How can you tell your run to something good?
The establishment wants to bleed to the death.
I'm listening to you on my iPhone right now and it sounds better than serious and FM.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Woohoo!
Heavy duty.
Even that only AM transmitter QM uses will one day soon give way to a little one-foot high box labeled WQM Internet transmitter.
Do not touch.
And the closet will run next to your PD.
Joe.
Do you believe that?
Yeah.
What about a one-foot high box?
And of course if it's labeled do not touch that's the end of us.
It's like that pot that feeds the audio up here.
Do not touch.
Do not change.
Oh yeah.
So every board out that they hurry into place, the first thing they start potchicking around with is that pot.
Cut off the audio fee.
What does this button do?
What's a bunch of little children man?
No one do you sound like you belong on what what a VUM.
Yeah.
It's a little kiddie radio or hyper high.
That's high praise.
I love that station.
I wish I could pick it up.
You're a good word.
Good ones to talk about the signal.
Pete says it when asked Phil North Carolina no less about five guys.
I thought that was old news five guys, but you know what?
I'll take any emails we get.
Right.
Real ones, fake ones, make believe ones, made up ones.
Positive ones, negative ones in between ones, idiotic ones.
We'll take them all.
How were the calls last week by the way?
You know, here and there.
Because I did hear a couple of minutes while I was waiting to talk to you about the horse racing on Friday.
I'm sorry.
And my services.
And oh boy.
Yeah.
I thought you got the intellectual callers.
I guess not what I was listening.
You know, I wasn't the one that I ever said that.
Yeah, you did.
No.
You said you're a slave.
You're a fat, fat, fat, or a little fagot.
I'm the one who gets the good colors.
Crank callers said that.
Well, how were they last week here and there?
Spotty?
Yes.
Intermittent.
Like our signal, intermittent.
Right.
Well, Pete says five guys, not that good.
The burgers are extra greasy and the fries are soggy.
Fugruckers, burgers are much better.
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
Don't cry.
How do you like that?
Maybe that's an ass-built North Carolina.
They just don't, maybe it's not the right five guys.
You know, I don't know.
The burgers are extra greasy and the fries are soggy.
I like extra greasy, but those little cheeseburgers, those mini burgers, and if that placed cactus
lounge or whatever the hell it is in Vancouver, God were those good.
Little teeny tiny burgers.
Yeah.
With red onions, cheese, and red relish.
That red relish, just, I mean, that's just a touch.
That's the kind of stuff they do there.
All they do, it's sweet even though it's red.
The relish?
Yeah.
Oh, it's delicious.
You don't like very sweet relish.
You want?
I don't like sweet relish.
Well, I mean, it's, well, you're not going there anyway.
Good.
That you're not going to Vancouver?
No.
Not good that I'm not going to Vancouver.
I will say one thing about Vancouver that's very similar to South Florida.
I know that's surprising.
A lot of red necks.
It's a beautiful place.
The wrong people.
Follow what I'm saying?
Yeah.
People trans.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of red necks.
I'm a shock.
I don't know.
And last year, maybe I just didn't notice.
I don't know.
Or maybe maybe the population changed.
Lots and lots of Chinese money.
I should be used to that from Toronto.
Right.
Oh, my God.
Vancouver.
Just noodles and noodles and noodles of Chinese noodles.
Tons of Chinese money.
Oh, and did I mention?
I told you off here.
I didn't mention it on here.
All the cabs that I took, the yellow cab company.
They use all electric cars.
Little yellow beetles.
I think that's a great idea.
Yeah.
And it's really neat when you look at that.
Have you ever been in an electric car?
Yeah.
And you look at that little thing on the dash that shows the battery and the where it was.
I don't know.
It's unusual.
You know what I'm talking about?
And it shows how much energy it's using every time you hit the accelerator.
I was going to say hit the gas.
Right.
And when they idle, when you come to a stoplight and they idle, it feels like the car is stalled
out because it's not vibrating.
Right.
I need to put some sugar shockers in it, make it vibrate or just put a vibrate around the seat.
That would be good.
I think the one now, cabbie, he also had a turbine on his head.
Really?
Poonjabi.
Was it an electric turbine?
Yeah.
Lots of Chinese money in Vancouver.
Lots of rednacks like you said.
Hillbillies.
Well, you're the one that said that last time we were talking about it.
We talked about that on Friday.
When I came on for free to do the horse race thing, which by the way, nobody thanked me for doing that.
Hey, thank you.
Not that I'm looking at my advanced stage for any thanks or gratitude or anything like that,
but it just struck me as being a little bit unusual.
I guess it was expected that I was going to show up.
How else are you going to find out what happened in the race?
Well, we would not have had the race on the air for one thing.
You would have made your pay for it.
Probably would have been better.
Or we would have using a dart board.
And then we would have, you know, Steve would have told us whether or not we won or lost at some point.
He would have sent a text or had somebody tell him.
That horse was really that Dr. Ugabuga, very disappointed.
He never ran a lick.
Now, you don't know that much about horse racing.
But let me just tell you this after all these years of harness racing and furbrits.
One of the worst things is, and of course, I don't have any betting interest in the race other than for the listener.
But one of the worst things is betting a horse in a race.
And at no point does he ever contend like in harness racing, you know, the race starts and the horse breaks behind a starting gate.
He breaks dry and finishes like a hundred lengths behind the field.
Or doesn't even finish the race at all.
Or like in the in furbrits racing, the starting gate opens.
And the horse just gets left in a gate and gives the field a, you know, a twenty length handycrap.
Bumped twice at the gate, it said, in the chart.
And he just never got into a real contention at no point.
Ugabuga.
Ugabuga.
One is a lot of pressure on there to pick the winner.
I want to, you know, make a few bucks for these listeners, which I did pretty good the first four weeks, three wins in a second.
This one finished fourth might as well have been 14th in an iron horse field.
And there you go with that fake chuckle again.
What do you keep doing that?
You hear that?
George is doing a fake chuckle now.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my God.
No, what are they hate you like poison?
Yeah.
Now, you know, one thing with you, they either love you or they hate you.
There's no one between with you.
Well, nobody wants you.
That's why I've always said just like somebody else filling for a week.
Let's see how much.
Yeah, you're not me.
Well, I'm just a great.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
What's up?
This is former president, William Jefferson Clinton.
That's you can call me Bill.
And in honor of President's day, I'm here to count down the top 10 little known presidential facts.
Here we go.
Number 10.
Thomas Jefferson was not a slave owner, but he did rent one.
Number nine.
Martha Washington referred to George as my country daddy.
Yo.
Number eight.
Ben Franklin was not a president, but he did play one on money.
Number seven.
Two his friends James Polk, who's known as Polk Diddy.
Oh, can't have brother get some love on that.
Number six.
FDR.
Once got his ride pumped by the Scooters.
That's just how he wrote.
Number five.
James Madison actually preferred little Debbie over.
No, I need a bow.
Number four.
Mary Todd Lincoln.
Once at his aid, hey, would it kill you to take me to the theater?
Sometimes.
Oh, come on.
It's an only, but it's a good.
Number three.
James Monroe actually made the Louisiana Purchase only.
Who knew?
Number two.
And private.
W actually pronounces nuclear.
Correct.
And here it is.
The number one little known presidential.
I bill Clinton once met a Chubby Ender and a windowless room near the Oval Office and just shook her hand.
There you go.
The top 10.
Love no presidential facts.
Hey, this is Bill.
Please.
Yeah, shake this.
1146, 14 till noon at 560 W.
Nobody's got two times to rub together.
Everybody's broke.
Everybody's got to work.
The states at bankrupt.
The cities are bankrupt.
Federal government is bankrupt.
Probably all the radio stations are going to go bankrupt.
Yep.
Max says, thank God you're back.
See, this is the kind of crap that bugs me.
This is probably another one of your buddy, John's Jr.
I remember last Monday you run vacation.
I just tuned back in now like most people.
In other words, he don't want to give you a chance.
No offense to George, but he's nowhere near his entertaining as you.
Keep up the good work.
See, that's just kissing my fat ass and ripping giving you a retweet is shot.
Whatever.
But maybe he would have enjoyed.
Maybe he would have been entertained last week.
Maybe he can go out himself.
That's possible.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Maybe he's double-jointed like Ron Jeremy.
Yeah.
He can go ask himself.
Or ask himself or both of them.
Oh, Steve Sloan, see, there's nothing more insincere.
I mean, this is pathetic.
There's nothing more insincere than when somebody says,
you should have thanked me for that.
And then, oh, well, thank you so much.
Yeah, right.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Neil, you're right.
I should have thanked you for calling in on your vacation
to help us with the race call.
But you didn't.
You didn't do it, Steve.
Hey, no.
It was really great.
And I thank you.
The Gulf Stream client was also very appreciative
and is loving to pick the bonus promotion.
Well, guess what, Steve?
Dan Labaschi don't like it.
He thinks it's boring.
He thinks I've given up as if we care what he thinks.
Don't knock Steve.
He's actually listening and responding to something you said
that makes people in the building.
Should have thanked you for calling in on your vacation.
Well, Duff was in it this morning when you were reducing.
Right.
So you said three people.
Duff and Steve and we.
That's it.
And that said, does it only three people in the building
who care about this show?
We are orphans.
We've been abandoned.
Right.
Right.
I was thinking about that the other day.
While I was winning big bucks in woodbun.
I was thinking about that when you're no matter how old you are,
if your parents are both deceased,
does that make you an orphan?
That's a good point.
Yeah.
I think technically speaking,
we'll have to look up the definition.
Well, I'm not talking about a technical technicality.
I mean, this is more like on an emotional level.
On a visceral level, as Mr. Rigo would say.
I guess there's different degrees of being an orphan.
Like, do you have other family members that you can go to?
You might technically be an orphan,
but still doing all right.
I'm not talking about whether you're doing all right.
Right.
I'm doing all right.
Well, there are kids that have their parents still living
and they might as well be orphans.
That's a good point.
I would agree with that.
Yeah.
In fact, as I look back,
but nevertheless,
now let's move on and forward not backward.
My friend Scott in Denver says,
welcome back again,
George, at a great job last week.
See?
Thanks, Scott.
The best thing about it shows
that he just doesn't give a shmit about anybody's comments, thoughts,
or predilections of him always makes for a great time.
Not to get too far off subject this morning.
Well, what's the subject?
Right.
But I finally watched bowling for Columbine last night.
Can't say what took me so long to get to it
other than I refused to go to the movies,
and I sit through children running the experiment
and I sit through it,
ruining the experience.
That being said,
I never realized what a total ass Tuck Heston is.
No, not is was.
Was.
Was.
Not is.
Was.
You son of a bitch.
Right.
When Michael Moore confronted him at the end of the movie
and he had no answers for anything at all,
it was classic.
I'll say one thing though,
after watching that movie,
I'm about ready to get that out of this country.
Anyway, you and George have a great week.
Enjoying the cool mountain clean air here in beautiful Denver,
your friend Scott.
PS, I hope I got all the spelling grammar right.
Like you, I can't stand it when others can't write a simple letter.
Can't stand it.
Hate it.
Don't bother me.
I'm used to it.
Most people are relatively illiterate.
All of when you read the emails,
then you get a real good, you know,
even with spell check and grammar correction on a lot of these
email clients, they still get right.
Yeah, Diana says,
oh, this is, I remember I was talking about the jockeys
so many of being Latinos.
Yes, you mentioned.
Let me take a drink of my caffeine-free diapefsy.
It's the real thing.
I heard a comment on your show today regarding jockeys from Latin America.
You might not believe me,
but there's a reason why there are plenty of jockeys coming from Latin America,
especially central Mexico, Guadalupe,
and Honduras, south, Peru, and Bolivia.
It goes back to the Aztecs in Central America
and the Incas in southern hemisphere,
Inca Dinka do.
Indians hysterically, especially those tribes who are not physically big,
and those countries still may hold many traits from those civilizations.
Little guys, tiny people,
Midjacks, no, it's waiting for it.
They have a higher population of smaller size,
and at least you didn't do that fake chocolid at the time.
I got it.
It wasn't fake at all.
They have a higher population of smaller size
and smaller sized individuals making them ideal for jockeys.
The jockeys in the US predominantly come from those five countries mentioned.
My family had many stables growing up in Colombia.
My father used to hire jockeys from different places,
and the best were always something above mentioned.
Peru, Bolivia, Mexico, Guadalupe, and Honduras.
Incas Dinka do.
Anyhow, I enjoy your show, Susdiane,
and thank you for the entertainment.
Wish you a fun and safe time off.
Well, thank you.
See, this was a week ago.
So I'm getting deep into my pile.
You can tell that.
Oh, yeah, I'm getting way down in the pile.
Now, that means the stuff today is running out.
And we got two hours to kill.
That's not good.
Oh, I like the fake ones there.
And I'm not taking any stupid ass phone calls,
or any even any good ass phone calls,
any smart ass phone calls.
Isn't that the opposite of a stupid ass phone calls or smart ass?
Now, why does Daisy send me this Wednesday, March 9th, Happy Purim,
Wednesday, February 4th, Shmuz Wednesday,
and Tuesday, February 24th, Marty, Garofat Tuesday.
What is that supposed to mean, Daisy?
What Shmuz Wednesday?
I don't know.
Where do we go for that?
Oh, here you go.
Now, let's see.
Is this from the real time zikr or the fake one?
Oh, yeah, it's from the real one.
I got this is great.
This is great.
See, it goes to show you the power of old Neil God once in a great while.
Nice to know Tom, he's listening anyway.
Nice to know he still owns a radio.
Well, you know, times are tough.
Before I get to his, not a complaint, critique or grievance,
George was fine last week.
Thanks, Paul.
Thank you, Paul.
How do you like that?
He said you were fine last week.
Oh, taken.
You know, not sensational, but...
Oh, we're fine.
Fine.
That's fine.
Like an old wine.
Or, swine.
605 on the pole, our goal is whatever we get.
We don't do the goal thing anymore.
It was to make Tubby feel good about himself.
I don't think we can.
I don't think it did.
Didn't it?
No.
Tried.
The real time zikr says,
I did not trash you on Sid Rosenberg show.
The troublemakers, the radio troublemakers are at it again.
I don't even recall your name coming up.
I won't say it didn't, but if it did, it was not in any prominent or prolonged way.
Maybe Sid trashed you before or after I was on.
I wasn't listening.
All with everybody else.
Isn't Sid the guy with the...
Oh!
One share, whatever he's got.
I don't know.
You just take those numbers up, you know.
Yeah, right.
That's right.
I was on for maybe 10 minutes, and he was more conservative with claiming I trashed him in the...
Time zikr cute and a column.
He was wrong as I approved him by emailing him the item in question.
He apologized by email.
I don't know if he ever has on the year.
Probably not.
You're an apology, Senator.
This committee owes an apology.
It was between the brothers, Kay.
He didn't speak a word of English.
And as a respected businessman in his own country, he was from a satiria.
Yep.
What was his name?
Vincienzo Pintangely.
Ooh, very good.
I think that's right.
I think that was it.
Vincienzo, but I just watched it the other day.
Little beret with a little red bomb.
Yeah.
And he gave Frankie a look.
Hey, what am I doing here?
I don't care what anybody says.
I mean, Twitch is on.
You know, you know, have your own opinion only.
As usual, I'm right.
You're wrong.
There is nobody in that movie like Frankie Pintangely.
I can say, uh, uh, uh, Michael Coyle only did this.
And uh, Michael Coyle only did that.
So I said, uh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
He's just, he is the bomb, man.
You agree?
Yes.
I do.
Anybody don't like Frankie Pintangely as our enemy.
Anyway, Tom Jicke says this was the first time I was ever on with Sid the kid as producer
called and asked as I've done for 37 years in South Florida.
Uh, got you beat by a few.
I agreed as long as I don't, and it didn't interfere with other things I had to do.
He agreed to be on the show whether it was me or Sandy or, uh, even Sid the kid.
37 years in South Florida.
Wow.
Wow.
Oh, no.
I doubt anyone from your place will ever invite me on as long as Joe Bell is there.
Oh, yeah, he and Joe Bell hate each other like poison.
You talk about the great Tom Jicke and Joe Bell hate each other like poison.
I forgot about that.
By the way, I published the talkers top 100 on my blog last week, even kind of defended you
against the outrageous claim that Randy Rhodes ranks about 40 positions higher.
Thanks, Tommy.
Wow.
Yeah.
She stole every piece of material I ever had, but nevertheless.
It's okay.
I listened to Neil.
I listened.
I listened to that.
I knew I was ready.
Remember that whole routine she went through?
I do.
She listened to Neil and then she knew she was ready.
I mean, I wish you're all lucky to world now that she's off the air.
So tough business that we're now.
I mean, you know, everybody's going belly up, so to speak.
I wonder if Randy went belly up at the Dow House in Tampa.
Ooh.
610 on the pole.
How do you like that?
Speaking of the old days, 610 again.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Right.
Yeah, I'm a lot of fun.
The family and a lot of muscles.
This is Randy Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 Howard.
This is Joe, the reporter, the reporting live from the front line of the Joey God's strip.
And there's like shooting going on.
And there's like, born and going on.
And there's like, ow.
I just lost the horn.
But like, that's okay.
Because I have Jesus with me.
Jesus is at my side.
And we don't need no like other reporters here.
The media doesn't have to like come here.
Because all you need is me.
I'll give you the facts that you need.
Because all you need is like what I have to say.
So, ow.
I just lost the leg.
Well, there are a bunch of whims.
I mean, I'm still here.
And, look, look.
Wow.
Oh no, I just shot off my fake name.
Now, I can't be a plumber.
Back to you.
Whoever it is, that's dumb enough to hire me to do this.
12-0-1-560-WQM.
Don't forget to go see George bring him a bag of money on Friday at Gulf Feds.
That's right.
Bring him a big sack.
Bag of money.
A bag of weed, a bag of money.
Bag of crap.
So we already got that.
Can we have too much?
So, let me ask you how much of the, did you see it?
No, you saw more of the, um, on Scres Life's Night than I did.
I didn't see one second.
I saw, oh.
None.
I saw collectively maybe five minutes.
Really?
Yeah.
And I wasn't.
I just, I just can't get into those whole, uh, I mean,
the years go on, I get less and less interested in all those people dressed up in their
tuxedo, all those in their big, fancy, shmancy outfits, and, uh, you know, sitting around, uh,
plotting each other.
First of all, there's so many of them award shows.
Yeah.
Second of all, who cares?
That's nothing to do with whether or not I'm going to like it or whether it's good.
I never saw any of those movies anyway.
Although I hear that Twilight is really good with that really super hot, Robert Pattison.
That, that was, I mean, seriously, it's one thing to have a difference of opinion.
It is like saying a pile of cow crab would be great for lunch.
It's just, it's not a debatable point.
You follow what I'm saying?
Right.
It's like saying that the hunchback of Notre Dame was a hot guy, you know, it's just, I'm sorry.
Mary Beth and others.
Your taste is in your tuss.
Here's the guy who sent me all the stuff about Daniel Bastard.
See, he thinks I don't ever, well, not to something or other, well, not Neil, I agree.
Godfather one is the greatest movie ever made.
And I don't want that guy to start bugging me there.
Oh, yeah.
This thing is Godfather one.
It's just the Godfather.
Yeah.
Well, some people like to know, it's pick some people like to ask pick some people like to nitpick.
Godfather is the greatest movie ever made.
But I've never seen all of Godfather two.
Every time it comes up on AMC, I see bits and pieces, but it never grabs me.
It makes me want to watch all of it.
It never grabs him.
I think somebody ought to grab you around the neck.
Let's see, 324 is AMC.
Oh, Pattons on.
Oh, there might be language in that.
Oh, that's not even the movie.
That's something else.
Camilla's on.
Maybe that movie with what's his name is on.
I didn't get one email about, though, and that's because nobody knows who that is.
And there's no pictures of him anywhere.
Alex Campbell.
Nev Campbell's younger brother.
Okay.
Then get one email.
All you fags out there, man, you're slipping.
It's very little about him out there.
Right. That's true.
He's a secret.
He's Canadian, eh?
That movie was made in Canada.
What's the name of the movie again, siblings?
Thank you.
Thank you, what?
For remembering, because I sure was how it wasn't going to.
Exodus.
I don't know that for any entire year, maybe, remember that?
The thing from Exodus?
The tune.
Oh, there's Paul Newman.
He's still dead.
Oh, he's not dead.
Hey, who just died?
Paul Newman, right?
I don't know about just.
He thought of Waller, didn't he?
No, it wasn't a Waller.
It was like a couple of months ago he croaked.
They were making a big, good, cynicism about it.
Oh, Paul Newman's going to die pretty soon.
And guess what?
He up to die.
Like, what's his name?
It's going to die.
When it's wasting away.
Who I could never stand.
I just can't stand him.
But, you know, you shouldn't say that when he's dying.
Right?
Who's the actor that's dying?
Oh, Patrick Swayze.
Patrick Swayze.
Oh, he gives me, uh, spilfies.
I can't deal with him.
But he's dying.
A real wickedness.
And I don't wish that anybody.
Oh, Mildred Pierce with that real butcher, uh, Joan Crawford.
He's been with me for a while.
And you want me an over to find me.
Oh, we are going to want me any language in this movie because it's B.
You could out of that woman's house again and that way.
Yeah, he's pushing her in.
I go where I want to go.
He'd be surprised.
Then back up.
I understand that when you go to a movie, it's a conscious choice.
They give you all these warnings, rated R rated this.
But how come it is that movies made the transition?
And every word that was ever invented, all of a sudden it was okay that they're in movies.
But in radio and television, like, oh, no, the children are a captive audience.
Yeah, right.
Right.
Like they don't use those words.
I think the kids invented those words.
Sure they probably a bunch of kids.
So anyway, you've got to watch your Godfather too.
Well, not.
You've got to be a nut, not to watch Godfather too, right?
Some people just don't have any patience.
One of my favorite lines in the movie is.
Mama, mama mia.
Wasn't it, was it Clemenza and the young Clemenza and Robert De Niro that were watching the play?
Right.
And the guy gets all emotionally, gets a letter from the old country and oh, mom is my turn.
I know if it was Clemenza or just that guy, that friend of his.
No, it wasn't, it was not Clemenza.
Maybe that was Tessio.
Maybe.
Or maybe that was what's his name, Janko?
Maybe.
Wasn't that his partner in the other world business, right?
Janko.
Oh, yeah, I was in the other world business with his father, but that was a long time ago.
Frankie.
Frankie is just.
Smarterly.
I think your brand is going to start.
Now, I want to show you, I mean, you know, it goes without saying, but the scene in toward the end of the movie, Godfather too.
Where it's Marlon Brando's birthday and they're all gathered around the table in the kitchen.
Yeah.
And their son, he's getting into a fight with Michael because Michael tells them that he joined the army that morning, signed up for the army.
And couple of people make like a cameo appearance.
Tessio shows up.
Right.
Right.
And who else?
Oh, but not Marlon Brando.
He's here.
He's here for, he's a jolly good friend there in the other room.
Right.
We don't have to see him.
Because it's a flashback, you know.
Right.
And at the time of this happening, he was his birthday and he was still alive.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
Can you believe that?
Salutso, he was good.
Just can't get it out of our, you know, one thing during these depressing, horrendous times that we're living in now during the second great depression.
How's the market doing, by the way, Neil?
I don't know.
But movies are like an outlet.
They're like, they're like something, a little something something which we need badly, right?
I need a little something.
That was down 106.
Oh, boy.
And here's that guy with a really bad hair piece.
And we cut and restrained in the long.
Oh, my God.
What a silly looking wig.
He's got it on.
Cock-eyed today.
What?
John Harlow.
John Harlow.
Who used to be the Wall Street Journal.
Now he's on MSNBC.
John, he's got a bad silver wig on today.
Oh, looks like a silver muskrat died and hopped on his head.
I wonder if it's dead.
Three more lawmakers calling for a senator to roll in verse to resign.
You should know that if he's buddies with the bloggo that he's a crook, you know, tainted.
Tainted.
They thought he was going to be the next senator, but taint what's going to happen?
That Illinois, why don't we just like throw Illinois out, you know what I mean?
All right.
Make them succeed from the union.
That would be kind of embarrassing since our new president is from Illinois.
Don't you hate people that say Illinois?
Yes.
There are people who say that.
I don't wonder why because they're stupid.
Could that be it?
That could be.
Why are there so many illiterate people?
Could be because the education system is so else stinko.
People don't know how to write a check.
They don't know how to do anything.
Get a check.
Get a check.
Maybe because they put so many illiterate people on here.
Like Joe Dodg-Yola.
Haven't heard from Joe Dodg-Yola today or Maria B.
Take a look at the seriously if it's hand in their 13 cent.
It's maybe a selling opportunity, man.
It went down to a nickel.
13 cent.
And what do you get?
Another day older and the aloonies just under 80 cent.
That's good.
Stay there.
Keep going down.
Down, down, down.
Now speaking of horse racing with all degree, I guess what's his name?
We'll turn it off now.
I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
most of the best athletes in the world pound for pound and giving the credit of the reserve going 35 to 40 miles an hour on a 1,200 pound animal your show as tops in a thousand azban for years and Steve Sloan is a good guy says whoever this is he's a good guy is a good guy he's a great guy he's a great guy he's a great guy he's a great guy said he owed me he owes me an apology senator here's a list of non-Hispanic outstanding jockeys can't disoer mo joe bravo Mike Smith joe bravo
I don't know about Joe Bravo.
Doesn't that sound Hispanic to you?
Does.
I don't know about him.
I mean, I know I've heard him.
Mike Smith Tyler Bays, all the Bays guys, Michael Bays,
and the great, what's his name?
Russell Bays.
Mike Lutzie, Rosemary Homestor Jr.,
Chantel Sutherland, Canadian A.
She's the one she's a former beauty queen.
I wonder if there's other, I'm sure there's other queen,
Jockeys.
Richard Maviori, Renee Douglas, Calvin Barrell,
100 years old, Rajiv Mara, the Indian Jockey.
Didn't show me much.
Aaron Grider, Chris De Carlo, Julian LeParrou,
he wrote our horse on Friday a little bit,
about an 18th of a mile.
And Frankie Dittori, my favorite Jockey
in the world, the greatest Italian,
L. Franco Dittori.
There is the Jockey.
When the money is on the line, baby,
Ben on Frankie Dittori.
Haven't I always told you that?
Yep.
And what's with these damn schmata heads,
or all the expensive horses and the tracks,
doobie doobie doobie.
It's really hard.
I try to keep an open mind in my life.
You know, but it's hard not to hate the era.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, kid, baby.
5, 60, 360.
Where to go?
What to do?
How to get there?
And 5.
Join the LeCouille and Joyce's Jocelyn House
from 4 to 5 a.m. for a private jocelyn
in the VIP room.
W.Couille and Ruthie there with Latson.
Who was rising?
The two same join W.Couille and the Dave County
Methodon clinic between 6 and 8 a.m. for Latson.
Who was rising?
It rises that may set your life a scene
like the 5, 60 floating key farms.
A pororo po' calabria.
Excuse me, or a momento.
Chicken, rooster, chicken, rooster.
Roar, roar, chicken, rooster, chicken, rooster, chicken,
rooster, chicken, rooster.
OK.
Ready?
Join W.Couille and the Crack-Cose Street Walker
Walk-A-Ton.
W.Couille and will be there with Latson.
Who was rising?
Who finally joined W.Couille and Fort Myers
this weekend for the American Family Association
Convention, where you will find the latest enhancement
products that will make you thicker and brighter.
W.Couille and will be there with Latson.
Who was rising?
Oh, guess what? Dubai's collapsing
says a walnut who's become one of the most
chronic e-mailers of the day.
What's collapsing?
Dubai.
Oh, OK.
Well, I'm printing out his crap right now.
And also Ray Denzel, who's just beyond chronic,
has got another depressing e-mail.
Can't wait.
Says there's a reason your e-mail's in the radio
business is slower, non-existent.
There's too much blood on the street these days.
And as we all know, blood is a big expense.
Oh, my God.
What happened to the one I was just printing out?
Didn't print out?
Walnut?
What'd you call me?
You heard me.
I love it.
Oh, yeah, go ranges.
Here's a deleted one of the deleted.
Go ranges.
Ranges just fired the coach by the way, Tom Rene.
I thought I printed that out.
You don't care?
They were speaking at the game last night.
Fire, Rene, fire, and they did.
Where the hell is that e-mail?
Here it is.
Don't know if you care, but the rangers just
can't their coach, Tom Rene.
The Leafs did them in.
George did an excellent job, which was, last week.
I found out George's friends with a guy named Bob.
I used to play hockey with.
Says New York City chronic Dave.
Right.
Oh, God.
Still left?
No, no comment on hockey, Bob.
Bob hooked me up with all my hockey equipment.
I was talking about that playing roller hockey.
Gave me my net, my sticks.
I've got my own pads up.
Well, that's right.
I forgot you're a superjock.
That's right.
I could be pro if I wanted to.
That's what I said over and over again.
Pro one.
Pro-fessional.
Look it up in the book.
Yeah, that's right.
Pro rated.
Rangers just can't Tom Rene.
Leafs beat him in overtime last night, three to two
after blowing lead with 40 seconds left and embarrassment.
And Leafs let the Rangers have steel a point in there,
which the Panther fans, I'm sure,
are not too happy about both of them.
Well, let's see what the Walnut says about Dubai.
Dubai is collapsing.
Was the largest Ponzi scheme ever.
Nobody actually wants to live there,
but keep buying real estate because it never went down.
Not many articles about the collapse either.
There was a thing on the CBC about the last night.
I watched about five minutes and I went to bed.
It's illegal to write or say anything negative about Dubai
so reporters are afraid of being locked up there.
Also, the difference between movies and radio
is that radio is over the public airwaves.
Not that I agree with that.
The public airwaves my ass.
That would be like saying that movies are over the public eye waves.
It's just an excuse to censor that's all.
Just an excuse for censorship.
Well, F that.
Yeah, go ahead, say it.
F that.
Go ahead.
No, you said.
You smell it.
Takes me back to that first week or two downs down on the second floor.
Yeah, I was asked about how your pronounce that S A T I E T Y say, say T.
It. Yeah, say.
I'm not getting like that again.
I'm not going to say it again.
Yeah.
No, you say it.
No.
So it's a pro.
It's we votes on how much you hate George pool.
And again, I forget who sent this pull in.
How many days?
Huh?
How many days did you listen to George around the Amazon vacation?
Are you kidding?
None of them.
346.6%.
That's going back up a little bit.
Are you kidding?
All of them.
39 and 30.9%.
That's going back down just a little bit.
Just a hair.
Two days, 65, three days, 60, 52 and four days, 27.
I have a six hundred and 43 vote.
Neil, love you.
Love the show blah, blah, blah.
Love the Godfather and network, but nothing ever changes.
There have been quite a few good movies in the last 30 years.
May I suggest you check some of them out?
The only other movie you ever talk about is the Hitcher.
And that's that the Taco Bell of movies.
Very unsatisfying to say the least.
I suggest you check out slum dog millionaire or milk.
The wrestler was good.
But I don't think you would like it given your dislike
from Mickey work.
That's right.
I would not.
Mickey work is a slime ball.
All but he's from South Florida.
Well, that's all the more reason.
Is that is those the only movies I ever talk about?
Didn't I talk about the one today?
Right, siblings, siblings, right, with Alex Campbell,
no relation to W.D.
Drew Campbell or Robert Campbell, the professor.
I talk about a million different things,
but a lot of you people,
it goes one ear out the other.
Oh, here's another article from Walnut,
who just obviously has nothing going on.
Maybe God can't laid off foreigners.
Flea is Dubai spirals down.
Good.
Good.
I hope all of them schmott heads and all those big buildings
they build go right down, right down to the ground.
Into the sand.
Take your schmottes with you.
God.
So Ray Adams also, there's too much blood on this blood
is bigger spent.
Try to be very clever and creative.
Ray, go away, Ray.
It bugged me.
He's been there for a hundred years.
I know.
See, when people gratuitously make up stuff,
a thing like that,
they do us all a bigger favor if they save the effort.
And I don't know.
Did I say that the emails are slow today?
I got a pretty good stack here.
I could use a hell of a lot more for the one o'clock hour,
which is like about a hundred what?
Huh?
I'm not taking any of those stupid ads call.
I leave those all for you.
In fact, I think I'm taking another week vacation soon.
Sliker.
Yeah.
In fact, maybe I'll take all seven weeks.
I got six more to go.
Maybe I'll take six in a row.
How do you like that?
You're a sliker and a whacker.
That's correct.
Paul says, I remember one time,
Jake Arote for the Miami News.
So do I, Paul.
Remember him doing the TV guide session.
I'm 41 now, but remember my older brother was a paper
board for the news and used to help him
fold the paper in their plastic delivery bags.
My favorite part when I was a kid was losers corner
on the lower left, lower left corner page one.
It's unbelievable to think that some cities
had two or three daily newspapers when I was a kid.
And now some cities are finding a difficult support,
just one.
I forget how many there were in New York.
They were like about a half a dozen daily newspapers.
And now there's the post with their horrible cartoons
about Obama and the times and the news, daily news.
And what else?
That's it.
What's that one on Long Island?
A newspaper?
Yeah.
Oh, come up.
I don't know.
Well, why not?
Never been there?
I'll think of it.
Never read it.
It says, I guess we have Al Gore on the internet
to thank for that who wants to read yesterday's news today.
Well, that's one thing, but that was always that way.
I mean, we always had TV news.
We didn't have the 24 hour news cycle like we got now,
but we always had TV news and radio news.
Remember radio news?
Yeah, can you say no?
Wow.
Not on this station.
We don't pull the, we don't do news.
All the only news that counts as sports news.
Who traded whom?
Who's got the biggest jockstrap?
Who did the most roids?
Who's the biggest pain in the ass?
Who's got, who's the biggest hemorrhoid?
Let me think about that for about five seconds
until I find it, okay?
I am that hemorrhoid.
There you go.
A question that answers itself.
Okay, I know it wasn't Clementso, okay?
That went with him to see the play and point out the girl
who later became what's your name?
Morgana King.
I just love Morgana King.
Is she dead?
How about she is?
Mama Croyloni?
You don't love her?
Like a like a peach.
It was not Clementso, his Brian with Vito at the theater.
If you recall, it was the young Clementso that gave Vito
the rug from his friend's house for holding the guns for him.
If you recall, I don't remember that when I walked out of there
with her.
In fact, when he opens up the door and every time I see that flick,
I try to, because obviously they're speaking like
between Italian and English.
And it sounds like he's saying, come on in, come on in.
Isn't that what he's saying?
Come on in.
Remember, because Vito is like a little bit reluctant
to walk into some stranger's house, right?
And Clementso found the the the spare key under the mat
in front of the door.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Come on in, come on in.
I think she was a single alive.
I don't see a death date.
Who is for Morgana Keen.
Oh, thank God for that.
She's good people.
Mama Clementso.
She doesn't say a whole lot during the movie, but never
knows. Oh, yeah.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
oh yeah.
And then when Frankie tries to get the guy to the band to play
Italian, remember that?
Right.
And they start playing in the Yankee Doodle band.
Pop goes to the Weasel.
Is that what it is?
I always think it's Yankee Doodle, but you're right.
Pop goes to Weasel.
Oh, me, oh, me, oh, God.
Hey, it's a creepy looking guy with the microphone strapped
to his head for everybody's favorite late night
infomercial.
That's right.
It's time for another plug for a scam while.
Scam while is more than just a towel.
Yeah, it's a towel we charge at $25 bucks for.
But seriously, the new improved scam
while can do so many things.
It can clean up spills.
It can soak up blood stains when your old lady
gets on your last nerve.
And believe me, I know.
And scam while can also remove grass stains,
polish your trailer, hitch, cure a homosexuality,
and clean up your presidential legacy.
Isn't that right, George W. Bush?
Oh, yeah.
I'd like to scrub away the war and Iraq, the economy,
and that torture, and we done it, get mowed.
And no problem, but that's going
to take a whole case of scam while mission accomplished.
There you go.
Another satisfied scam while customer.
And if you order now, we'll throw in a second scam
while that'll remove him, Roy,
and cure cancer.
Take it from the creepy looking guy with the microphone
strapped to his head.
If you can't trust me, who can you trust?
All scam while claims are completely fabricated.
Ever scam while is made in China,
uncovered in toxic lid paint.
OK, 1233 at 560 WQM.
I better get some of those myself, you know, the sham while.
Sure.
Because you know what a sucker I am for those internments.
Get you a snuggie while you're at it.
Oh, what?
That's that blanket with the sleeves.
Never seen that.
Oh, no.
Snuggie?
Yeah, I'll send you a video you should watch.
Imperial 609, which I'm sure must be John ZT.
I think he's like 99% of the emailers.
Yeah.
Because he's always sending stuff about giving us directions
in life and how to do that.
We did this wrong.
Everything we do is wrong.
I'm surprised that you vacation in Vancouver, which
is great in the summer.
I would have thought that you would have gone to a sunshine
destination.
I realize that you hate all the Florida from coast to coast.
But there's also the St. Martin, St.
Bart's Hawaii, South of France, et cetera.
Well, you go there.
OK, imperious?
You go there and have a wonderful time.
I like Vancouver a lot.
And it was not that.
I was in the mid 40s.
Sonny, no rain, no snow, no hail, no
tsunami, mommy.
I would have thought you would have a, well, I go wherever
to how I want to go.
How do you like that?
And I had a good time and enjoyed it.
And they got a nice casino there, River Rock.
Yeah.
And they got all those little cams with the electric cars.
And well, what's not to like?
And they got that great restaurant, cactus, cafe,
whatever it is.
Not to be confused with the cactus gave
a bar on 21st and Colin and the best game Boulevard.
A hustler bar.
Yeah.
I don't want to say I picked up a lot of hustlers
at that location many, many years ago, but I did.
Oh, let's talk about cruising.
Yeah, that's not.
Oh, God.
I have no life.
Just amazing.
Gabriel says Georgian fleet were great last week.
Wow.
Joe Balsch had the big zero off the ear and put Georgian
in his place.
No bigot today.
We got DA2 to 4 for the bigot.
Because the bigot was just at the combine,
the NFL combined, checking out everybody's biceps
and beginning the calipers out to measure
their penis.
Last week, Georgians was trying to find out how to get movies
for free instead of paying the eight-buck ticket price
like suds.
If you want to get movies like the wrestler, go to www.rapidshareking.com
and you can get free movies from that side.
Just search for what you're looking for.
Now how can that be legal?
I don't know.
Well, I'm not saying that again.
Check it out.
What?
I said, I'm checking it out.
Check it.
Well, when a doubt, check it out.
Probably some illegal scam.
And we're pruning it out of here.
Gabriel Mayas.
Probably somebody's looking to get your ass in trouble.
Georgians seeing the movies again.
Yep.
Which is fine as long as you share them with me.
I don't want to see the Amicky Rock one now.
Oh, you see how you care about it as the frickin Godfather
and network that's all you know.
That's right.
It's all I know.
There's only two movies I ever watch.
Oh, oh, newsday is the Long Island paper, by the way.
Some of the, well, you never heard of newsday.
I've heard of it, but like I'm going to remember, oh, yeah,
that's the Long Island newspaper.
Well, there used to be a lot of newspapers, man.
There used to be the Fort Lauderdale newspaper
used to print the morning and the afternoon.
I think the Fort Lauderdale news was the Sunset and those
afternoon was the same company.
I believe the Tribune.
The same crap company.
And the course to Miami news.
And there was the Hollywood Sun Tatler.
And little Tommy Jicke used to do the, he used to pick the
Greyhounds and the Miami news in the sports section.
I used to pick the harness or racist at Pompa, no park.
And I think the first night they put my picks in there,
I had eight winners in 12 races, whatever it was.
I know I had eight winners.
A lot of sure prices, but then again, what's not to like?
That's a good way to get Dan LaBassard off.
Our asses play a lot of horse racing stuff.
Yeah, right.
What?
He'll still listen.
Oh, Dubai's first race course has hosted the world greatest
equestrian champion.
The electrocutionist.
That's what they need over there and Dubai is a good
electrocutionist.
Oh, yeah, fry all them.
Shmata heads.
My God.
Like I said before, it's kind of tough to be, you know, open
minded about a ribs.
It's kind of tough to be open minded about Adam Oshmak too,
who's back with the vengeance today, who has no life.
Obviously over there in Kitchener water, the sun is shining.
It's a nice toasty minus eight million or something.
Boy, it's colder and hell.
It's already the 23rd of February.
We had a couple of mild, relatively mild days.
Minus what is it?
Minus eight.
Gonna go all the way up to minus six today freezing.
You can end this winter time anytime you want, OK?
Power is the V just ended whenever you want.
We've had mothers great down here.
Don't end it.
Gray, I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
I'm surprised I didn't go down there on my vacation or
there's some warm climate.
You know, I'm not.
Do you hear me complaining about the weather in Vancouver
with a vine at a good time?
That's fine.
Adam says as much as I hate Mickey work, this was really a good
movie.
You still need to go see milk really, really good.
It's really a home Osh, but it's cute.
Well, it's about Harvey Milk.
How could it not be a home Osh?
And speaking of home Osh, Adam, go look in the mirror.
If you got a strong stomach.
God Adam, you fairy.
Go away.
John says I always thought it was young Tessio because of his
demeanor.
Wasn't it young Clemenza who stole a rug with?
Oh, I'm going to die.
If I don't see you again soon, I'm going to die.
Yeah, it was Clemenza.
They stole a carpet.
Come on in.
Come on in.
I really don't know if you say that.
I guess we could have somebody go back and check the
dialogue, right?
I mean, not that it's all that important.
Here's one from Karni about last week about your performance.
Well, there's Gary Conduot.
He's back.
They finally arrested the guy that killed Sean Relid.
Yeah, that guy.
What a slime bomb.
Was he slimy?
Yeah.
Guys saw him.
He was really slimy.
Oh, here we go.
The fake Mark Hockman over there across the street.
He just jealous that our Randy Motor Gold calls already had 140,000 hits on YouTube.
They measured it.
Not us.
I don't care if it had a billion hits.
First of all, it's embarrassing to have people sending in calls that you're supposed to
say during the game.
I mean, give me a break.
Oh, and the fake Larry King.
I don't know why you don't like Phil Seams.
Even though he's an ex-jocke, he's this era's version of Mel Allen.
Oh, my God.
First of all, Mel Allen was a play by play guy, not a color guy like, uh, and Mel Allen
was from the South.
I've heard where the hell he was from.
In addition to which I didn't know that Phil Seams was gay, but you know, you never learned.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, in D.A.
Why?
As you see, K.S.
Oh.
I'm a sad bassist.
I'm Chris Madgers.
I gotta be honest with you.
I feel like a little fluffy white cat who's just been given a warm ball of milk.
I feel like a completely different person since we have a new president Barack Obama.
It's just like I'm a Joe Gose Whisperer with Jennifer Love Hewitt, a play psychic medium
of Linda Gordon, which he looks at Sam.
She sees that that husband Jim's face is when he died.
He jumped in the same body.
I tried to parallel because when people look at me, they see me.
Chris Madgers from Hyde Ball and Amazon.
We say, but when I look in the mirror, I see a little girl in a pink wrapper.
My hair and pig tails licking a lollipop and like a two-fifths of conference.
I feel like Rose from tonne a half man, you know, Charlie Stalker girlfriend.
I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive.
But it not is not.
People say to me, hey, Chris, what about the fact that the doubt plans to its lowest level
in the inauguration day history?
So what?
People say to me, hey, Chris, how can we possibly create four million new jobs under
the Obama administration?
I say he can.
He's a candy man.
He can take a rainbow, wrap it in his side, soak it in the sun and make it grieve, let me
pie.
I feel like a cherry pop type that's been big, golden, brown, the perfection and the
toaster oven.
And he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed.
I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpants.
It's a new day.
Sam, I craft the economy.
War is horrible, real estate market and list of spare and divisiveness.
But now we have a president who can take tomorrow.
Dimp it in a drain, separate the sorrow and collect the ball of cream, Obama can.
Obama can.
He's a candy man.
I'm Chris Mathews, playing high ball.
I'm a semi-sake.
Who can take a sun, rock, I can take a sun, rock.
And then sprinkle it with dough, Obama can.
He can't even try to put it in the miracle of two.
You know what?
He's a candy man.
1246 and 560 WQM, happy Monday to you.
The sixth thing is a happy Monday, especially in the middle of the great depression while
everybody's out of work and everybody's a dian.
There's a group called the happy Mondays.
Was that really?
Yep.
And from Manchester.
Or here's an email from Charles Manson.
Slumdog was horrible.
The society is crazy.
Love your show.
I listen every day.
Charles Manson.
All right.
Well, we love Charlie.
He's got a good sense of humor.
You knew we had a big audience in the can, right?
In the can?
Yeah.
Braco.
Man.
Probably left over from jazz, McCain.
What ever happened to him?
I thought I really care about him.
He was really bizarre, strange.
I mean, this business is loaded with strange people, but he was really strange.
Would you agree?
Oh, yeah.
He carried his wife and his possessions around in that big crypt.
Whatever that thing was.
A trunk.
Yeah, he had a big trunk.
And his whole life, say, whatever he owned was in the trunk, his radio gear.
She would actually haul it around.
Well, that's good thinking.
That was her job.
Slop it around.
What is it about Mexican women?
I see we discussed it before the show.
It's about the two that I know.
Emotional and loud.
And maybe that's just Paco's friends.
I don't know.
Maybe, you know, right.
He's a magnet.
I don't know what it is, but boy.
Papa Papa Papa Papa.
Carnie says, I thought last week was fun.
George's pace is just different from yours.
Neil and people should appreciate that.
George switches the pace and actually takes calls.
Well, good for him.
Yeah.
Somehow.
That's so good for him.
All the people talking that junk about George couldn't do any better and are still drinking
that hate a raid.
I had time to listen in three days out of the week and I learned some things.
Laugh, cry, blah, blah, yada, yada, great talk radio.
Better than the crap they play on radio anyways.
Any more.
I cried some.
Did you?
Oh, still crying.
Steve, Alivemo, every day I have to cry some.
Hey, I got a job doing lead generation crap.
I put you guys on my references and told the manager to call in.
He says it just rings and rings.
I told him you'd pick up one day and I got hired anyways.
Thanks a bunch, buds, Carnie.
Well, what is lead generation crap?
What is I?
Never.
I don't know.
I got a job doing lead generation.
Huh?
I don't know what that means.
What?
Oh, here's the fake Ernie Sochin wearing our guiles.
It says Ernie and his socks.
Please tell flea that John Biner was the voice of the art
bark in the end in the art bark cartoon shorts.
He also did the voice of the ant.
He did the art barks voices that did on impersonation of
Jackie Mason.
In fact, for many years, I thought it actually was Jackie Mason.
That's how good an impersonation it was.
Jackie Mason does not sound like Sid the id.
In fact, Sid the id sounds a little bit like a Jewish
Chris Matthews, but what do I know?
Not much.
Anyway, I'd like to shove a sock down the throat to Jackie Mason
and Sid the id, but non-Jod Biner, because I always liked him.
Whatever happened to John Biner anyway,
ask Ernie Sochin wearing our guiles.
Don't know Ernie.
No care.
John Biner's still alive.
I'm sure he is.
Mm-hmm.
What about Waelin?
Jennings?
Not Waelin Jennings.
Waelin and Madam.
Waelin flowers?
Waelin flowers?
Yeah.
And Madam shorts.
Al says, don't forget, oh, this is about, this is old stuff.
This is from before my vacation.
That's how far I am down to the bottom of the wild.
We still got an hour and 10 minutes to go.
So that's just a word of warning to the audience out there.
691 votes on the pool.
That's not too bad.
You're not doing that great, but that's all right.
Yeah.
If you carried it, it would be one thing.
But you don't carry it out of your carol last year.
What are we going to do?
They're picking on us again.
The lifeless masses are picking on us.
Do you think with everything that's going on in the world,
these people will be too busy to be wasting their time?
But when you have no life, then, you know,
there's no such thing as wasting time.
Because that's all you got.
Al says, don't forget the legendary wall,
Wally Cox, star of ancient TV show, Mr. Peepers with Tony Randall.
No, Tony Randall was not a Mr. Peepers.
Was he?
I'm sure he was not.
By the way, vote no on the baseball stadium.
Thanks, Al.
God, he ought to.
This is back when we were talking about the Hollywood squares.
People were you on that day or were you off?
I must have been on.
Really?
I don't remember that.
George Gobel and Charlie O'Weaver.
Paul and Paul in the center square and Whalen and flowers
in the madam and Sir and whatever.
And John Davidson.
Yeah.
What's Rosie?
Was that one of them?
Rosie, well, it was Rosie, the quicker picker,
picker, she's dead, by the way.
The one I used to do the other one.
Rosie?
Yeah, I don't know.
I can't think of her life.
Crackling Rosie?
I don't know.
Old lady.
That was Rosie, the quicker picker, upper lady.
Different one.
Rose Marie.
That's one thing.
Oh, Rose Marie, the old die, yeah.
Rose Marie, yeah.
So, Mr. Peepers, Google Mr. Peepers and C.
Antonio Randall was in.
I'm sure.
I mean, Wally Cox was Mr. Peepers.
And Mary Ann, what that was her name that old red headed
broad, that fat old broad, Mary Ann Lauren.
Sorry.
She was on Mr. Peepers.
She was also a guest all the family.
First thing that comes up is homemade porn movies.
Mr. Peepers?
Yeah.
Well, Wally Cox was.
Yeah.
So, of course, he was the one who relates with Marlon Brando.
You knew that, you know.
You told him.
And Marlon Brando's got Wally Cox's ashes.
Or at least he did have before he croaked.
I wonder who's got Marlon Brando's ashes.
Maybe they're all enjoying them.
Maybe they're all in one.
Maybe they put in a big thing and like blend them together
in a blender.
Whoa.
Something almost pornographic about that blender.
So, what did you have Google it?
Yeah.
Mr. Peepers started Wally Cox.
And Tony Randall was not in it.
I'm looking.
No.
And he has included Tony Randall's history teacher Harvey Westkitt.
Really?
Well, I'll be done.
That's way beyond my memory.
Somebody's got a really good memory here.
Tony Randall was the professor on Mr. Peepers.
Never saw it.
It's before your time.
He never saw, I remember Mama either.
Nope.
With nails.
Nells.
Never saw it.
I remember Mama.
Nope.
I'm trying to forget Mama to be honest with him.
I bet you are too.
I remember Mama Mia.
My, see there you go again.
It's all you know about is the Godfather.
Mama Mia.
Mama Mia.
Instead of talking about something current, you know,
and like really great.
Ah.
Like that Mickey Rooking.
Now what's your take on Mickey Rooker?
Are you a fan?
I thought he bugs me personally a lot,
but I've seen him act in a couple of movies.
So I'll watch that wrestler movie eventually for free.
Yeah, for free.
That's right.
That's my thoughts when these movies come on TV.
That's what I watch him.
Right.
I'm not going to run out.
I'm going to go to the shop.
I'm going to go watch him in some theater with a bunch of new
as your kids and stupid people.
And I'm always having to pay for the people that go with me
because you know, they're family.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I thought that's how it worked.
The fact that when you're a husband and a daddy,
that you pay for the operative word, what is it?
I said some households have two incomes.
So daddy doesn't always have to pay sometimes.
Why not?
Sometimes mommy pays.
If mommy worked, maybe mommy could pay.
That's right.
But mommy doesn't work.
No.
Bitch, unless you count bitch and she thinks that's her job.
And does that have a job of a two nice, well, Crystal?
1255.
Will you stop picking on your family?
No.
No.
Even your mama.
Yeah, what about her?
Quick pick it on her.
Everybody needs a good mama.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, we didn't have a good one.
OK, I didn't have a good one.
You were so fed you.
So I win.
She what?
Yours fed you?
Yeah.
Your mother cooked a meal every once in a while?
After a short, yeah, after a while.
For a tour, the end of the day, you can be out.
You can choke it down though.
Oh, palatable, yeah.
It was something you could eat.
A human could eat it.
Yeah, well, I got you beat.
You only have one mama in life.
Once he's gone, you'll be in orphan.
Then you'll look back on all this thing.
Oh, you know, at least I had one.
During times of trouble and strife, who are you going to call?
You're going to pick up the phone call mama.
Once he's dead?
No.
I'm going to say, my God, real service over here.
Your mom, I mean, I've never met her.
But the way you talk about her, she reminds me of what's your name?
What's her name?
The horrible Cuban singer.
Celia?
Celia Cruz.
I had a little brain fart there.
I've been to many things that my mother did to torture me was
and flicked that music on me when I was a little kid.
Did she really put in Celia Cruz?
Well, like I said, what a heartless bitch.
Hate your mom.
Me too.
I listen pretty quick.
I like to shave my legs, arms, and buns.
While listening to the Neil Rogers, one or two hours.
From the director of Hotel for Dogs.
There has to be the grossest thing I've ever seen.
In the producer of Slomdog Millionaire.
I'm guessing that isn't your brother.
It's Hotel for Slomdog Millionaires.
In an exandiduous book, the three musketeers.
What was the name of the third musketeer?
You absolutely right.
Hotel for Slomdog Millionaires.
It's that corn.
Oh, oh, oh, on the floor.
What a bad show.
Oh, no, in the theater near you.
Oh, thank God it was solid or at least liquid anyway.
Was it?
Well, we have to assume so.
He said who pooped on the floor.
He didn't say who just farted.
Right.
Now, we have to find out from Joyce.
Our doggy fart's also excluded.
Oh, that's a good question.
Only if the fart is unidentified.
Oh.
Will B says, did you get a direct flight from Trondon
to Vancouver?
Do you have a stop?
No stop.
We used frequent flyer miles to fly from South Florida
to Seattle, but it required a dreaded stop
at resulting delays in Dallas for with airport.
No stops.
And on the way back, we got the luxury of a 777
with a curved seats, you know, which is good because they
meant that Paca was facing one way and I was facing the other.
And never the twain show me.
There was good.
Regarding steroids, if you learned that hockey players use
steroids, would it affect your interest or in a review
of the sport?
No.
My team would still suck.
Although they beat ranges last night,
ranges, ranges, ranges fading out of the playoff picture,
ranges they suck.
And they fired their coach time running today.
Good.
Too late.
Georgian Fleetworks finalized week, says Will.
I listened to some of the shows live and downloaded others.
Sometimes the George Hader seemed worse than the other
chronic.
Occasionally, I missed the unintentional comedy of Josh
Cortes, Cortes, as suggested the book of Brian Bitt
about his limited knowledge.
In other words, dumb.
BBC News has an article on the controversial slave trade
tourism effort involving the Jackson's.
I don't know what that's about.
Maybe you can clue me in on that.
Hmm.
Jackson's slave trade.
Hmm.
I thought you talked about it last week.
SUDs brought up this thing that I had never heard of before.
I said it doesn't sound like a real thing.
Lee looked it up.
Couldn't find anything.
Other people did and did find something.
You're now as up to date as I am.
No, it's got a link to some article.
I don't do a link.
Great.
It's like a theme park or something.
I don't know.
Oh, Kanye is back to answer my question about Lee Jen.
Who?
Lead generator.
It term used to define the collection of consumer
and email submitters data.
We put together a list of people's information
and sell them to companies.
Lead generator.
So they can, you know, they can bug you.
All these leads were those Glen Gary.
That's right.
The Glen Gary leads.
There's a movie we talk about that nobody's bitching about.
Just wait.
Boppies for closes.
Right.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Glen Hill.
Didn't hear from Johnny Dork today when I was talking
about his our girl Sox and his flannel shirt.
I'm sure it'll be a long now.
Frankie says here's an interesting piece of news.
Not really super interesting, but somewhat jazz actually
has a job at radio.
Jazz McKay.
It's got a link.
I don't do links.
Jazz McKay, the uncommon voice for the common man.
Weekdays noon, Dull III, only on 1560, KNZR.
I wonder where that is.
Let me look it up.
Oh, Cam Gugland.
KNZR 1560.
KNZR.
Oh, talk Dodge's bad.
It's L.A.
Is this an L.A. or what?
They go, oh, Glenback Rushlin ball.
Jazz McKay.
Ralph Bailey and Laura.
Angraham.
Oh my God.
A pulpory of right wing.
Swill.
Doesn't really say though what whether it's in the L.A.
Market or where it doesn't say where it is.
Oh, Baker's Field, California.
I'm sure there's a lot of good Nazis out there.
705 on the pole.
We did it, George.
We topped 700.
But you're, thank you.
So be really proud of us.
How many days did you listen to George while the
O'Leah was on vacation?
Are you kidding?
None of them.
339 up to 48%.
Almost half.
None of them.
It's just, it's just taking a cheap shot.
That's all.
They hate you like poison and just ceasing the opportunity
to take a really nasty cheap shot.
Are you kidding all of them?
209.29.6%.
What that's going down?
Two days, 72, three days, 56, four days, 29.
Out of 705.
Far were you, I feel real bad about that.
So Jasmine, Cason, Baker's Field, California.
With a bunch of Nazis.
See everybody.
See everybody.
And I would used to say, yes, he did.
I think it's him.
See everybody.
Whatever you used to say.
He was, oh, it's not in the DCS anymore.
What's that?
We had that drop.
We did?
For a while there.
Jazz McKay.
Under Jazz or under Sia.
I don't got nothing under Jazz.
I got Jackie Mason.
I got the Janet Reno shake.
I got Jafar Foxworthy.
Now what's the other one?
McKay?
Sia?
Right.
No, I don't got no Sia.
I got C. Da Vinci code.
C. you in September.
What, what's the hell is that?
You months of living without you.
Old capes and hoard.
Hey, we'll have to do that.
Oh, that's about my summer schedule.
That can't be that far away.
March one is this weekend.
April, May, June.
About what?
April May.
Three and a half months.
And the summer schedule begins.
Oh, then you're going to get a lot of George.
And all you, what's the guy call it?
The hate, the hate mongers?
Oh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, hate or aid,
hate or aid drinkers.
You can spew all your hate or aid on the George when
that summer schedule starts.
They love to hate.
Here's one from Andrew who says I've never given a poop
about the Oscars, but over the past several years,
they've become so odious I completely shut them out
for two main reasons.
One, the red carpet sluts who've never
been to a movie that could end the year.
And yet they just have to watch the six hour pregame fashion
parade.
They should be made to marry their male counterparts who
have to watch the 48 hour Super Bowl pregame crap.
And two, the fact that almost all the movies that are nominated,
especially the past three years are limited release at best
and are just slammed out for the Sudos and Academy
where we're supposed to vote on.
Did you go watch Benjamin Breton,
Slumdog Millionaire or the Reader?
Give me a break.
You want to award yourselves from movies fine,
but just totally separating yourself
from reality and the fan base is another thing all together.
Oh, and what happened to Anne Hathaway?
She used to have a nice little figure.
And now she's just another toothpick, Susandra.
Oh, that happens to a lot of these starlets.
Really?
I don't know why.
They go on a Karen Carpenter diet?
Yeah.
The Cheryl Crow diet.
Jason says, George did okay last week.
I'm usually a big fan of his, but not last week.
The big problem was too much flea tick.
George and tick together sound like two lifeless chumps.
Reliving the good old days in high school.
Is that what you were doing?
We were living the good old days in high school.
That's all we did all week long.
Still love you, George.
Maybe you need to do a little show prep.
Uh-huh.
What about that Latin bimbo that used to join George some time?
Nice to have you back, Neil, Mr. Jason.
He's talking about Lucy Lopez.
Was she on?
No.
Why not?
I don't know.
She just didn't show up.
Right?
Maybe they don't want her to be on the show.
Lady?
Maybe they started a hitter like poison
because she was associated with an erogenous show.
Of course, that's the kiss and death in that building.
That's right.
If you even admit you listen to the show
or forget about like it, oh my god.
Then your, uh, your S.O.L.
Saul.
Ember Saul?
Who?
Time to remember when he croaked.
My father.
Oh no.
I don't remember.
This rotten bastard.
What up?
What a son of a bitch.
You can pick your nose and pick your ass.
You can pick your armpits.
You can pick your, uh, uh, the little, uh,
the little lid out of your navel.
But you can't pick your parents.
We both know that.
Missible rotten bastard.
But nevertheless.
Any croaked like in some kind of, uh,
ACLF, you know, one of those places.
I remember reading it in the open.
What's that?
Yeah.
What's that assisted?
At the old communal living facility.
Ah, ah, ah.
That's the other way.
Okay.
In other words, broke and alone and tragic and sad.
Everything he deserved.
Oh, how can you say that a bunch?
Because it's true.
To love him.
Jeff and Boen Beats says all your ice cream talk has got me addicted
to public stream him heavily hash.
Normally I'm, I do love hovenly hash.
I love it.
I'm only an occasionally eater of ice cream.
Now every time this stuff is on sale,
the power of Christ compels me to pick up several cartons.
Several.
I swear this flavor is laced with crack cocaine
because I can't stop eating it once I start.
I do like heavenly hash.
Although you know what brand they're like.
And that's these heavenly hash is just heavenly.
Yeah.
Had some yesterday.
I'm afraid I'm going to become one of those people on TLC.
They have to remove from their house with a forklift.
I think they got the name heavenly hash because it'll put you in the grave in short order.
Why don't you have Paco shave your head to keep you from looking homeless.
It's the least he can do for you.
I shave my own head.
Love the show.
Listen everybody.
Keep up the good work.
Go ahead.
Says Jeff and Boen Beats.
Since I've been back on today, I haven't played once.
I did now.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
For reminding me.
Wow.
We need a few more emails to a philosophical the hour.
I'm just telling you right now.
I'll write you some.
Yeah, right.
Maybe I may be saying.
I'll go create an account now.
John ZTR.
Oh, and you know, you were off the day I was talking about the sequel to the Hitchhaw which I actually watched.
You mean the remake?
The remake.
The kid was so freaking ugly.
I don't even know.
I know.
I know.
And they actually a little piece of it.
And they, well, that's what was left to him.
They actually did the thing.
He stepped.
He took off the break in the truck.
And they split them in half.
And at some point, that's good.
I think I saw that part.
That's the part of it.
The bow is down 144, by the way.
Rapper arrested after fighting South Beach, burger joint.
Oh, boy.
A New York rapper was arrested in South Beach following a fight with a person that burger joint.
I'll print that out.
It's got a picture of him.
Dark guy.
I guess that's a surprise, huh?
And just aren't that many white rappers to go around.
How about the candy rapper?
Let's play that.
Coming right up.
Oh, here you go.
From Amperius again.
Tell me how to live my life.
You fly or adopt at homeless Mexican in first class too.
I think it's time for an intervention.
Yeah, go intervene in this.
Go find your own life.
Laura says, let me hear you had a good time in Vancouver.
I usually don't write because I'm driving for a living.
Yeah, but I didn't make it to work today because I fell injured my rear end.
Can't really sit behind the wheel of my truck hurts like an MF.
Anyways, enjoy listening to George last week.
I even walked into a skate shop and checked out the rip sticks he's been raving about.
I'm not sure I'll be able to master, but I'll give it a shot.
Sure hope I don't keep falling on my ass if I buy one.
I really enjoyed George's day.
When they had the beast is a sidekick all through the show.
It seemed that good old George was trying to make the beast laugh.
Says has always enjoyed listening to and Lee was also fun.
We'll be back to listening status only tomorrow.
Big kiss Laura.
Thanks Laura.
Thank you Laura.
Oh, here's me.
What's going on with the stock market again?
Thank you Mr. President.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, it's Obama's fault.
The market's going down.
Listening in Colorado spring.
Is want to talk about boring?
A lot of guys may like it here.
Neil is there.
Anyway, you can play Bob Prince.
Love the show.
No Tim.
Sorry.
I'm not playing those clips anymore.
Oh, can we hear some Bob Prince?
Can we hear some?
No.
Oh, here's another link to jazz McKay.
Sorry.
From the dead Bob Lasseter.
No, thank you.
Brandon's got an opinion on your performance last week.
And of course, this is one that you probably will take very out the heart.
Okay.
I did catch George one day when I was having five guys once again, great food.
It was entertained to hear him and flee talk about wrestling in high school.
But that's all I remember for the most part on George's fine week on a year.
He was entertained by you and flee talking about wrestling in high school.
Yeah.
That's almost his entertaining as me talking about swimming naked in high school.
Be criminalized pot in Florida.
Absolutely.
I'm loving you.
Live right.
Work hard.
We the good folks too.
And when it's time to head south and rest.
I wanna go where the living is the better.
Oh.
I wanna hear this my life feels so.
I wanna live where even the old cat have fun like my running from me.
On those golden rays I wanna die.
Oh, black.
In Florida.
I wanna die.
Oh, black.
I wanna speak my life loving you.
Live right.
Work hard.
We the good folks too.
And when it's time to head south and rest.
I wanna go where the living is the better.
Oh.
I wanna die.
It's my life.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
It's my life.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
It's my life.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
19-560 WQM.
We got D.A. for the big O at 2 of this afternoon.
What a breath of fresh air that is.
What a Ohio that is.
Big O's on the way back from the Columbine.
Oh boy.
I wonder if he brings his caliper back with him.
A New York rapper was arrested on South Beach following a fight with a person at a burger joint.
According to the Miami Beach Police Department, 30-1-year-old Victor Santiago better known by his state.
His name is N-O-R-E, Noree, and Noreega.
Was arrested early a Sunday morning at Fat Burger, 947 Washington Avenue, Miami Beach.
Fat Burger.
Ever eaten at Fat Burger?
No.
Police say Santiago disrupted the normal flow of business at Fat Burger by ripping up a bouquet of flowers throwing a cup filled with yellow liquid at another customer.
Yellow liquid, I wonder what that could be.
And then punching the customer in the face.
When a rapper punched a man in the face of the yield, you know who I am?
A court of police?
But at least he didn't say, come at ya.
Santiago was charged with misdemeanor battery and disorderly conduct was taken to the county jail and released.
And that's the name of that tune.
You ever hear of a Noree?
No, I don't follow you.
You better get into that rap scene, man.
And if you're going to like communicate with today's audience,
you're supposed to be the link between the old fossil.
You're not going to let that old school gangster rap myself.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Sure come to a real sudden halt on those emails, man.
Come to a screeching halt.
No, I started to create a fake email account and then I remembered I don't care.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Renee Douglas and Mike Smith are both Latino.
I never knew that.
Mike Smith is from Mexico.
I'm not sure where Renee Douglas is from.
But he has a very heavy Spanish accent.
Let's say.
Not sure about Joe Bravo, but he speaks fluent Spanish.
The best non-latin writers are the Keygeons like Kent de Sermon, Calvin Burrell, and Robbie Alvarado.
Robbie Alvarado is not Hispanic with a name like that.
They put them kids and horses before they can walk.
How can Robbie Alvarado and he's got a whole there's a whole family of Alvarado's.
Frank Alvarado.
Isn't that his spanic name?
Seems to me.
Sounds like it.
Many of the Jamaican jockey suffer from...
JDS Jamaican Drifts in Rome.
Where when they hit the head of the stretch, they start to drift in or out, but they keep their heads down and keep writing, regardless of whether or not they interfere with contending horses.
Of course, you can't say much bad about Jamaican jockeys.
Sean and Germain Bridgeman, both very talented in all class, is Roscoe.
How do you like that?
Little racing stuff there for you.
I bet you're what's his name just tuned out immediately.
Dan Turdberger.
Dan Levitturd.
Now, why do I care about this?
People send me stuff, long pondered stuff, that I don't care about and that neither are you going to care about me.
Does anybody else?
Why?
Like news stories?
Yeah, or like some charity thing, you know, that is involved with a commercial enterprise.
I'm not going into it.
Oh, if you just had any idea of the stuff that they send, maybe that's what I should do is read the deleted stuff.
In fact, huh?
See, I didn't bother you with my MS Walk Mass emailing thing. I took your name right off of there.
The mother of the California autoplets is Nadia Dowd.
She filed her name change to Nadia Suleiman in 2001.
She's a crazy person.
Yeah.
She had divorced her husband, Marcos Voodierras in January 2008.
The divorce papers stated there were no children of the marriage.
This suggested the six children were not fathered by good ears.
And it goes on and on.
Nadia Suleiman's father is Edward Ed Solomon, oh Suleiman.
He's returned to his homeland Iraq to work as a contractor in money for the large family.
Nadia's mother, Angela Suleiman, stays in her house with Nadia and her 14 kids.
Well, isn't that sweet?
That's one of the things I deleted.
Oh, how the stadium package will work.
This one goes on and on and on and on.
You notice how they delayed? They they they are copped out.
They put off the hotel march on the Marlin stadium.
I'm sure you're pretty worked up about that. Probably already involved.
George says absolutely no stadium for the Marlins.
I don't care. You know, my county.
Oh, that's right. You live in Broward, just like me.
Yeah, as people in Broward County, all you suckers and they go ahead and go ahead and spend all that money.
Can't afford to pay your teachers. You can't afford to like fix the roads.
You can't do squat.
But nevertheless, we got to have the stadium because there's so much interest in the Marlins.
They have such an...
It's like anything else in South Florida, man. It's all a big scam.
So the world is a scam.
Just get used to it. It's just a big old scam.
Don't forget speaking of scams, George is out there making a little extra bucks.
Right on.
This Friday, 10 to 2. Are you eating something?
Yes, I am.
What are you eating now?
Chicken fingers, chicken strips from KFC.
And where do those come from? KFC.
But I mean, how did they wander in there?
Josh Cordis magically went over there and brought them back.
Did you pay for it? I did.
Well, good for you. It's about time you started spreading the wealth around.
You paid for his too?
You paid for his too?
Yeah, for...
Oh, I know what Josh Cordis likes you so much.
You're like a sugar daddy.
He's running the errand there. He did something for it, you see.
I've never heard that. I said, you fly all by.
Uh-huh. That's old.
Not from you.
Sure, and George, this Friday, 10 to 2 in Josh Street Park in Casino and Halondale,
come by for a great horse racing, played a little bit of poker,
and maybe hit the slots for big money.
Plus enjoy some great food and drinks while they're on the island.
George, get ready for the fountain of youth stakes on Saturday.
And also, of course, we got our pick-up pony thing on Friday too.
A lot of pressure, man. A lot of pressure.
I'm still peered about that.
Uga Bougal's doctor, Google's Bougals and the Uggles.
Got hit twice coming out of the starting gate,
and then this seemed to kind of like lose interest.
Or maybe Julian Lapa Roo was a telegram from France or something.
I don't know. What is that?
He never ran a lick. He was never...
I try to make it exciting when I'm like repeating what I'm seeing on the screen, you know.
But kind of hard to get a set of when your horse is like in mid-pack and fading
and like looking around like, when hell is this crap in? Like this show today.
Honeel.
You know it.
T-A-Y-S-U-D-K-N.
The hottest show on Earth is back.
As contestants from around the USA battle to become the next.
American Billy Idol.
I'm all out of home.
One more bad head, three haings.
Team could bring a toss.
Somebody please kill me. That was truly horrible.
I'm a fast-steed, smart guy.
It's a last-ever-a wide-weigh-ing.
Oh, I just wanted that your name is B-I-L-L-I-E.
That's such a great touch.
But your lip is a little off.
And I would have worse spikes on your jacket, you know.
How?
Here she comes now, saying moan and moan.
Hello everyone, this is the real Billy Idol. I'm not American.
Shoot him down, turn around and come on moan.
But someone will be crowned the next American Billy Idol.
Okay, 131. A QAM. I finally got the mystery of my life, uh, solved.
Really?
Well, I mean, I totally-
I totally forgot.
Oh, no, yeah, that one too.
Regularity?
The mystery about Godfather too and what he's saying.
Oh, by the way, that was Janko.
I looked it up.
Well, he-he tells me that too, was Janko with the theater.
Yes. That was his buddy. That was his partner.
By the way, the Wallah Boyle.
Did you hear me fart just now?
No. Good. Thank God.
He's not saying come on in, but I'm moan-in.
What?
I'm moan-in, which means an Italian, come on in or come-on in or come in here.
I'm moan-in.
You really can't tell, because he's like, you know.
Yeah.
I'm moan-in.
I'm moan-in.
Got a high squeaky voice.
And then, of course, later he turns into that big-fackel-menza with the dig-poise.
Right.
Thanks.
Who-who sent that?
Edward.
Thanks, Eddie.
Here's one that says, I'm not sure if you mentioned it or not, but Ihofs given away a free-short-stack
of utter-mouth pancakes for National Pancake Day tomorrow.
During these tri-economic times, it might be good news for some of the sluppers out there
in Radio Land.
They're given away a free-short-stack.
I already got one.
You want?
I already got a short-stack.
Naomi, too.
Votermail pancakes.
National Pancake Day tomorrow.
Did you know that?
No.
Well, there you go.
Well, let me put that over here in my pile.
I'll mention that 100 times tomorrow.
Also mention that Robert Pattison is extremely ugly, Mary Beth.
Extraordinary, eugly.
But nevertheless, she's got bad eyesight.
Her taste is inner-touchy.
Evard says, a listener from abroad listening via the archives, and as you're reading this,
you can tell them a few days out.
And this is dated from her 12th.
So this is before vacation, BV, okay, for Vancouver.
I just heard you say that Nidamarx has a great ass.
It might have believed that a heterosexual gene in your body has finally fought itself to the surface
to breathe up to the breath of neuro-immality.
No, you can't.
It was a joke.
And here's the real, this is from your friend.
John Z. T. R. Whatever's name is?
Can I offer my service by trying to coach a few more to the surface?
One day, if I'm in Florida at the same time you're there, I'll take George out on a trim hunt.
Oh.
We will both be your wingmen.
It is the film in the 40-year-old Virgin.
In your case, the 60-plus old Virgin, since I don't think you've had the pleasure of the phyrisex,
but of the fairy sex, the line, my D is your D, with me and that I would try anything to make sure that you get laid that night.
You're as encouraging the heterogene Everard Johnson.
Well, you don't need to know.
You don't need to know.
Not interested, Everard.
And if you were, you wouldn't need his help.
That's correct.
They shot on the radio like you.
You get propositioned all the time.
Oh, yeah.
Sure I do.
Oh, no.
Former FSU athletic high school star Preston Parker arrested in Palm Beach County.
Aren't you just made all the crap that's going on?
No, not really.
Steroids,
Brawl,
shootings, all kinds of roids.
Oh, and then I mentioned this like an hour and a half ago.
This just in ranges just Schmidt, Candid Coach.
Count them out, Gold Panthers, as somebody curt.
Yeah, head that on an hour, Gold Kurt.
Thanks for the exciting news.
Ranges, they suck.
And they fired the coach. Tom Reney.
Moat help, Gournish Telfin.
What is that?
Here's the a poop on a guy that got busted.
Former Florida State Universitywide receiver Preston Parker is in trouble in Palm Beach County again,
according to SunCentral.com partner news channel five.
Parker, former Atlantic high school star, was arrested yesterday for carrying a concealed weapon
and possessions of marriage a weeny, according to the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Orifice.
The former Delbei Beach residents also charged with violating his previous probation.
In April 2008, police in Palm Beach Garden charged him with carrying a concealed firearm,
a felony, and with misdemeanor marijuana possession.
He later played a guilty to two misdemeanors.
Parker, a 22 year old junior, Jr. was kicked off the seminals early of this month.
After police arrested him in charge him with driving under the influence.
In other words, like that, he scheduled to be arraigned March 5 in Leon County Court.
Thanks, Doug.
Not a seminal, a former, former seminal.
Bobby Bowden, what's Bobby going to say about that?
That good old boy Bobby Bowden, that good old redneck.
One thing about Florida, man, you don't have to hunt for rednecks, they're everywhere.
It's like Vancouver.
I was really surprised shocked.
Were you?
Yeah.
I don't know what I expected, but just a strange mix.
A lot of weed and rednecks, that's fine.
Yeah.
I didn't smell some walking around.
I smelled something.
It smelled suspiciously familiar.
I just went here, Larka Wackyweed was a weed, I think there's more of it here than there is there.
I think that's just proper propaganda.
Do a survey.
Which, okay.
Next time I'm in Vancouver, I'm in BC.
I didn't get a chance to go to soldier downs though, where the Schmidt County uh humorsen
answers a ric up, up all.
Because the budget cuts, everything is budget cuts.
They're cutting�, they're cutting that.
I think a lot of people are getting screwed.
You know what I mean? I think a lot of people are just taking advantage of this opportunity.
Oh yeah, we're in the depression. Everybody's fired. You know like that. Right. Call me paranoid.
Call me whatever you want. But not the way it was. I think you're right.
731 votes on the poll. How many days did you listen to George Raleigh was on vacation last week?
Are you kidding? None of them. 349. 47.7%. None of them. Are you kidding? All of them. 220. 30%. 30.
30. 30. 70. 76. 35. 56. 4 days only. Guess what? 30 again.
Oh, new! Grab my junior, honey.
Well, happily good morning, Mickey Mouse's office. This is Gupi's speaking.
Good morning, goofy.
Oh, boy. It's Walt Disney's president, CEO Robert Eiger.
Yeah, I know who you are, sir. Why do you say your title every time you call?
Do I?
You do. Oh, can I talk to the boss?
Please hold.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Hello?
Who is it? I can't hear anything.
Hello?
Sir, sir?
No, no, no, sir. It's Bob Eiger.
Hello? I can't hear you.
Sir, it's Bob Bob from a content.
No, sir. The presidency of the company.
Oh, no, no. Why are you so lucky on a set, sir?
Sir, I'm calling for my cell phone.
I just said that. Why me? Where are you?
You don't want to make cases, right?
Make cases again?
Do you want to work?
How many weeks make cases do you get?
I thought we cut everybody back to two weeks.
No, so that was a citadel corporation.
Oh, yeah. That's right. They screwed their radio people pretty good.
That's right. How many weeks do you get?
Well, my contract says I get 18 weeks.
18 weeks? That's a whole lot of down schedule.
Gold Circles, don't you get 18 weeks?
I go where I want to go when I want to go, but I don't call the occasion because I'm always working.
The real goal is turning.
Where are you?
Well, on our skiing and asking.
Well, on our skiing and asking.
And I suppose I want a turn that makes you sound like, yeah, big, blow-hard turn.
I'm sorry, sir. I'm not sure if it's my cell phone, but it sounded like you called me a turn.
A blow-hard turn. It's not going to find. You can hear me.
Well, sir, how are you doing this morning?
I'm not doing well, I, sir.
It's Iger, sir, and why is that?
Because I just reviewed your compensation package from last year.
You know what we paid you?
Yes, I do, sir.
And you don't feel bad.
That's the 1.1 million dollars.
That's more than the G&D of Afghanistan.
So I love you to political shield.
Not funny.
Not funny.
What?
I'm not laughing.
Well, sir, I did turn down the 2.4 million dollar shareholder bonus.
Well, let's throw a parade.
I'll tell you what.
You'll give me back the 51.1 million.
I'll give you the 2.4. How's that?
Oh.
Why don't you give back some of that vacation time?
I did.
18 weeks.
You've got 10 more weeks than Nicky works home movie.
This is a surprise.
Sir, I'm I don't do this.
You're struggling, I say.
Iger, sir.
I don't.
I don't.
You're struggling.
You sound like startling John.
What?
That Grungy half a...
That used to be on with Stern.
Oh.
Come on.
Get your watch to come off.
Okay.
Why can't we do more movies like Poor Black, Moe Cop?
That's brilliant.
Sir, you may have fun with that movie for a week.
I did not.
You deserve it.
I did not, sir.
You may have fun with that.
Did not, sir.
Did not.
You may have fun with that.
That's cinematic.
It's a cop in a mall without a gun.
Played by that Kevin James.
Why can't we do more things?
Like that.
Sir, are you only saying that because it had an opening weekend of over $30 million?
$33.8 million dollars.
That's not even as much as you have an endless year.
Sir.
I apologize.
Uh-oh.
Hey.
Hey.
Apologize.
Apologize to the people.
The people of the world.
Apologize.
But take it so much money.
Apologize.
Do it, do it, do it.
I apologize.
I apologize.
Apologize.
I apologize.
Apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
What's that?
For being a big blowhard turd.
Say it.
I apologize for being a big blowhard turd.
Say it.
I'm waiting.
I apologize.
No.
For being a blowhard turd.
Big blowhard turd.
It's not big.
I apologize for being a big blowhard turd.
Say hello to Royale.
Hey, does she still have that spot on her right, boy?
How do you know about that?
Okay, I'll tell you.
I can't stand those things except there's one great thing about all of them.
They're long.
409.
Yeah.
They like them.
I know.
I know.
Although I don't like anybody, according to this chronic, with a phone number, no name.
As usual, you don't like the people in Vancouver.
Did I say I didn't like the people in Vancouver?
Hey, you said whatever he said you said.
Oh, okay.
Everywhere you visit more than a few times.
The first time everyone's always blind when he falls.
For some reason, you don't like the people.
I'm sure you feel the same about Torontonians, but can't admit it.
Maybe it's time you admit that you were the problem.
I'm sure you'll try to come up with some places where you claim to like the populace,
but we all know the truth.
That's right.
I hate everybody.
It's me.
No question about it.
Isn't that my claim to fame that I hate everybody?
Yeah.
And bat, not too.
And bat, bat.
Sure glad to be back from vacation.
Bat.
Robert says,
Now, this is an oldie.
This is ancient.
But, you know, I got basically nothing left in my pile except bat.
That, that kind of crap.
Let me check out one more time before I get into this oldie.
Oh, my God.
Here we go.
Another one of those.
Let me print it out.
Okay.
It's another one of these instructional about how I'm wrong about this.
And I'm wrong.
Another good.
Oh, yeah.
I love them.
Keep them coming.
Bring them on.
I especially like that one about the guy of the British grads going to get me lead or whatever
the hell he was.
I'm sure he couldn't get lead in a warehouse in Amsterdam.
Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
Got a paper jam.
Got a some jam on it.
And this is a good hate email.
I'm sure that leaves versus pathos.
The leaf suck.
Okay.
There's no question about that.
They will not make the playoffs.
Pathos got a good shot.
Why isn't this printing?
Maybe it hates it.
Oh, now it's jam, baby.
Jammed on it.
Here we go.
I hear that.
We're just going to be confused with this is more like.
Here we go.
It's starting to kick it out.
It's coming.
And so is next circus.
Okay, here let's see what it is.
Oh, no, this is the same the one before as usual.
You don't like the one Vancouver.
The people got a unit.
Oh, no.
All that's a sponsor.
But here comes this one.
I'm sure this is it.
And it is.
It is.
Here we go.
From Miami.
Miami man.
Nia, you're always criticizing South Florida for not supporting the panther saying there's
no fan base.
And now saying we're bandwagon jupers.
But why should we support a team that refused to put a decent product out for years?
Only that now are they actually decent what I even consider going to a game after many years.
I feel the same way about the Marlins.
All the way I think their ownership is such a bunch of grave robbers that I wouldn't even go there if they were in the world serious.
On the other hand, you're always criticizing leaf fans for supporting the team when they don't put out a quality product.
So which is it?
Which it is is that there is a solid fanatical fan base of maple leaf fans here.
And I criticize them for continuing to support and continuing to fill the joint and paying ridiculous prices when the management here doesn't put out a decent team.
When the management does put out a good team like in South Florida this year and the people still don't show up for the most part.
All of the ruined game was a sellout.
I'll say that, but it's about time.
But generally speaking, they don't support the team with a crap.
They don't support the Marlins worth a grab.
He won't they're playing well.
They jump on the bad wagon when it comes to play off in world serious time.
And that's about it.
If that.
The bottom line is who cares when you agree with that?
Yeah.
Who cares?
Robert says, thanks for reading my email in a one to two hour.
This is long ago.
You enjoyed both agreed that most people get news from the web, refer to subject line, whatever.
Oh, I see.
People get most news from the web.
Are you nuts?
Mark?
Maybe you're not considering people who have jobs that can't search the web or have no access at home.
Due to location, i.e. rural, can't afford a comp, computer, ignorance lazy.
Most people want to be spoon fed, which enables which witch, which enables brainwashing, etc., i.e. religion, limbo, etc.,
and so on.
I'm going to hand it these average, crowley, shmit, etc.
Therefore, they'll get news opinions from broadcast TV or radio.
Maybe if they still have the time after screaming at the kids, beating his wife's life's
beard and settled out of watch Fox news.
Notice there was no mention of him or her searching on the web.
Maybe be a good pull if you keep your name out of it.
If you keep your name out of it.
I honestly don't think most people take time to search for news or care until they hit some in the ass.
Anyway, thanks for not rippin' me by Robert.
Oh, thanks for reading my email into our, and then he goes through this whole song.
Most people do get, and I won't say most, enormous numbers of people, millions of people get news from the web.
Right.
How's that?
Now that they can read it on their phone, or train them, or just, correct.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Sure.
But of course, I said it, so therefore must be wrong.
Right.
I mean wrong.
Always wrong.
Well, at least I'm consistent.
Don't think about me.
I may not be good.
I may not be smart.
I may not know what I'm talking about, but at least I'm always wrong.
Right?
Wrong.
Oh.
Oh.
Wow.
Oh my God.
Let me send a Paco a message here.
I...
Am I allowed to do that?
That's your show, man.
Do whatever you want.
I just did it.
Long time, Mr. First, I mean, I never called this show, and I'd like to put out it's incredibly unfair to compare George to Neil God.
I know it's a shameless suck up, but nobody compares to you.
That's right.
I'm wrong.
That thing said, compared George to Howard Stern and the other idiots on the air, he's as good or better than anyone I can think of.
How do you like that?
Wow.
You're the next Howard Stern.
Keep up the good work, George.
As a lifelong musician, I know full well how difficult it is to get in front of an audience and perform.
Boy, I'd love to see how well the critics would do in front of an open mic.
A sign felt pointed out.
People are more afraid of speaking in public than death, which reminds me you should only hear some of the lame, horn-tuning batter which precedes your show on other stations.
I don't listen to or watch sports.
Oh my God.
I could Joyce just thinking about it.
I've heard funnier material from Clowns at a Kids Party.
From Ask Clowns.
Love the show.
As a poor boy by day, I'm under wrote 40-50 hours a week.
All I can say is your show is the best damn thing after being out of brutal South Florida traffic.
You make my day fly by, it doesn't cost me a penny.
They should only make a statue of you down here on Colonial, so Steve, thank you, Steve.
Amen to that.
Oh, me!
I know that you're trying to read this, y'all.
It's a new moment.
I love my week.
Maybe I do.
Oh.
If you ain't got no money, then Brox got some!
F-D-I-M-U-L-U-S-N-S-D-I-M-U-L-U-S they got a thin patch.
From Captain Thin, he caught me won't crash with 800 Bill.
Oh, he broke friends to create jobs.
It's a thing, oh, it's cost, it cost me the stimulus.
The stimulus, stimulus, it's the stimulus.
Oh, it's cost, it cost me the stimulus.
Well, all the pork in this package universal health coverage, I don't care.
I'm the president.
Now, Congress does what I say.
Money for condoms, Vegas lights, and other junk even water slides,
saving bailing out for it so that they can still make mustangs.
It's a emergency bill, standard bid cash against a bill, but they're insane.
Cause nothing will change with the stimulus.
Oh, it's cost, it cost me the stimulus.
My stimulus, my stimulus, stimulus, it's my stimulus.
It's cost, it cost me the stimulus.
All right, that's what it is.
The real Roger's is on midday 10 to 2560 Q-A-M.
We focus on local sports talk.
That's why we are some Florida sports leader.
560 Q-A-M.
It's day, if I have a town at 560 WQ-A-M.
There's my story, it's sad but true.
I'm a sex addict and I want you.
I love sex, every way.
So grab some ocean, come on let's play.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
How you doing?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Who's your daddy? Who's your daddy?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I used to wake up was a crazy thing.
My mind was always on my finger, but there's no answer.
I'm a veteran child, it's all a present around around me.
I love to get it while I'm hard at work.
And grandma's ain't forgiven a little jerk.
I don't get it from my wife, hell.
That's why they call me President, run around me.
There's nothing sexually I want to do.
Come along and bring a friend out too.
Have a seat up on the windowsill.
Here comes Mr. Sexy, round around me.
I can't seem to get enough.
Cause do you get one's way around?
Don't get yourself into it.
Cause I'm new, all the cake and stuff.
I'm a helper man to pray and make a place for you.
I'm a sexer, I got come fast.
You've got head and good on sale.
You've had it from round around me.
How you doing honey?
I have some on my diet drinking boo.
Look I'm on C-shirt and says I'm the president.
I love hugs and jokes.
I love you boo.
Bye bye bye.
