The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars.
What do you think about those make believe through?
It's staffed advertisers for eight days.
They suck.
Oh yes, four hundred.
Five, six, seven.
W of QA and five.
Look at them.
They're the only ones on the day.
No, can't complain about that crowd.
It wasn't there.
What a town.
Five, six, eight W of QA and five.
We don't like the hockey park chair.
We don't like football.
We don't know enough about that cram.
Five, six, eight, and day and rowered.
In other counties, called full free, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, NEO.
Or pound five, six, eight, and ten, and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by NEO, his guests or his collars, do not represent those of WQA and management staff for sponsors.
Now the NEO Roger Show, on five, six, eight WQA and NEO Roger.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
A ride's life won't be the same.
You can't blame the tabloids.
But still the straight is used his name.
A touch to steroids.
He just thought no one knew.
Cause you have been long ago, Moderna.
Where are you when a ride that you might piece?
I don't want to play that.
Now guess what I just found.
I get up.
Huh?
Or just find out.
A.
Rod.
That's he bats.
I see.
Bat and bats in the bell free.
Pink lips, too.
A.
Rod says he thinks it's great.
43 grand every trip to the place.
He's got 10 years and a quarter billion bucks for a game.
That's crazy.
You fell half a mill to play each game.
You gotta think the owners insane.
He has to pay every time that A. Rod's fixing on the ground.
That's crazy.
Where those pink lips?
He still gets paid.
If he makes out and all the fans will scream and shout.
But what does he care?
He still gets his cash.
If he hits all he sits all he walks all he walks when he bats.
He bats.
Oh baby, what he makes.
He makes.
It's crazy cause he's got a bigger contract now than can't be with me.
The biggest one in history.
He bats.
He bats.
They think there's no way they're like.
He bats.
Do you know what the biggest thing that even when they ride there's no way the rangers
move in?
Maybe he's going to play a hockey for the ranges, huh?
But he sure don't play for the Texas ranges no more.
That was George Bush's folly just like the World Company.
Everything he touched turned a pure instant crap.
That was up 71 point speaking of crap and serious is hanging right in there at 11
center.
I got a story about them sent to me by the real or make believe Tom Jekyll.
I'm not really sure which.
I think the make believe one because he doesn't include his password.
I say even Alan Luden wouldn't buy into it.
Remember Luden's cough drafts?
Do they still make those?
Do they?
Yeah, I see them around.
And I really very good.
I like, remember Smith's brothers cough drafts?
No.
Yes, you do.
Smith's brothers don't.
Black.
Black cough drafts.
Lekrish?
Hmm.
I don't remember.
Luden's made Lekrish ones.
Did they really?
Oh, yeah, like that.
Luden's made like orange ones with a real nasty taste.
Bert says, I love baseball, but the politicians in Miami and Dade County should not have circumvented
a vote by the public to try to give hundreds of millions of dollars in cost overrun.
So sports millionaires can build a stadium in a horrible location in the most traffic and
just an area of Miami.
Instead of using the money for improving convention facilities and other more pressing things,
like that area needs for economic and community development.
The idea of publicly funded stadiums is a farce and is well detailed in the attached articles
by reputable media like Bill Mores and sports illustrated and here are a couple of links.
Here's a couple of links, okay?
You ever see a links?
Just this morning.
Links is like a what?
Is it like a little tiger?
A cat?
I'll tell you one thing.
It's a lot better looking than that dog.
I didn't watch it.
I thought that.
I was too busy watching the Leafs blow, a four to one leading the third pair to your Panthers
and a lose five to four and over time.
Second time in two days.
God.
Ron Wilson couldn't echmer a coach.
That's my comment to you, Ron.
You can't stop the bleeding.
You suck.
You're an idiot.
Another in a long, long list of losers.
Bring back punch him like dig his ass up.
Daisy says 2000, well, it's a picture that mutt.
2009 Best In Show winner at Westminster Dog Show, stump.
A 10-year-old Sussex Spaniel.
Well, if ever there's a perfect name for a dog, this is a stump.
It sure does Sussex.
It stumps me.
I'll tell you that.
Stump.
Stump my ass.
God, what a gross nasty-looking dog.
But that's the way it always is.
Like you were saying before the show, all these silly people, that's the whole idea that
Westminster Dog Show is, you know, to watch a bunch of silly people.
And they're running around.
They're running up and down and the dog is trying to keep up with these.
You know, the people think they're on parade.
Not the dog.
The Westminster Human Show.
Is what it is.
So anybody thinks that that's a attractive dog.
I mean, Best In Show isn't that supposed to be for the best-looking dog?
I don't know what their criteria is.
Maybe the silliest in show is what they mean by Best In Show.
The ugliest in show.
Okay.
Ugly, ugly.
Well, the crowd went wild.
Were you watching that?
No, I was not.
I just got to your center.
I was watching a bad hockey game.
That dog, when they brought that dog out, you would have thought that.
Why?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think the fixes in.
I think those people are on Roads.
Speaking of Roads.
Spencer bailout money.
There's Barney Fag.
Bap, bap, bap.
He still looks like he's got a quince in his mouth or something.
Wouldn't be the first time from what I'm hearing.
Did we ever figure out what is a quince?
It's a fruit.
Yes, I sent you a picture of one.
Well, that's right.
He sent me a picture of a fruit.
I think it was Barney Fag now that you mentioned it.
Do I have the pole thing from yesterday's first pole?
I don't know what I got here.
I got a lot of crap.
Lots of crap.
But for those of you out there who continue giving me a son of a dance about serious, including the real or fake Greg Budell,
never make the end of this year.
Take that to the bank.
This is from the fake or real time zik, I think the fake.
Last summer, Mel Carmison was rattling off.
By the way, you hear the trucks outside?
I do.
And the traffic?
Well, that's because I got a window cracked wide open because it's like 50 degrees or it's going to be today.
Murky, but going to be 50.
Wow.
It's a little touch of spring.
So I'll probably be sneezing quite a bit.
Okay.
You know when the change of the season makes you start sneezing?
Go ahead!
And then you start squeezing.
Don't start with that Chris Matthews stuff again.
God, how can he be on the year?
Last summer, Mel Carmison was rattling off his trademark warliners to talk up the future of Series XM radio.
They combined company he ran that had just been blessed by regulators.
He was planning to cut costs and expand a business that was already a fixture in the lives of millions of Americans.
43 cents a day.
It's not even vending machine coffee, he said at the time, pairing a question about whether the softening economy might hurt subscriptions.
But now, Series XM, the satellite radio company, has problems with much bigger price tags.
It's hired advisors to prepare for a possible bankruptcy filing.
People involved with the process said that would of course be a grim turn of events for the normally upbeat Mr.
Carmison, Series XM chief executive who had hoped to create a mobile entertainment juggernaut with stars like Howard Spurm.
It's unclear how a bankruptcy would affect customer services unlikely to be interrupted.
But the company might have to terminate contracts with high-priced talent like Mr. Spurm or Martha Stewart.
Who now wants to hear that bitch?
Martha Stewart.
Jesus, God.
A bankruptcy would make Series XM one of the largest casualties of the credit squeeze.
With over five billion dollars in assets, it will be the second largest chapter of them filing so far this year according to Capital IQ,
defining by Smurf It Stone with assets of seven billion dollars has been the year's biggest to date.
Smurf It Stone.
Series XM, which never turned a profit when both companies were independent as laden with three and a quarter of billion dollars in debt, three and a quarter of billion dollars in debt.
They got serious, baby.
Its business model has been dependent in part on the ability to roll over its enormous debts used to finance sending satellites into space in a track talent like Mr. Spurm,
who has paid a hundred million bucks a year at low rates for the foreseeable future until it could turn a profit.
The company's success in failure also retied to the following fortunes of the auto industry, which sells vehicles with its radio technology installed and represented the largest customer base among Series XM's 20 million subscribers.
Series XM owes about 175 million dollars in debt payments at the end of February that's unlikely to be able to pay.
At the end of this month, the day is what?
The 11th?
Short month.
Yes.
It's coming soon.
Oh, it's coming up soon.
Series XM's problems could pave the way for a takeover by Echo Star, the TV satellite company, which has bought up Series XM's debt.
Mr. Carmison's been locked in talks with Echo Star's chief executive Charles Irgin over a Series XM's options.
People involved in the talks be saying the men are said not to get along.
These people said and Mr. Carmison had rebuffed.
Mr. Irgin's takeover advances before he rebuffed his advances.
Series XM hired Joseph Bondi of Alpha Resid Marcelle and Mark J. Thompson of bankruptcy lawyer with Simpson, Thatcher, and Bartlett to help prepare a chapter 11 filing these people be saying.
Documents in analysis are close to completion and a filing could come in days, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Some guy, some Shmendrick.
I am Shmendrick, I think.
The threat of bankruptcy could also be part of negotiating dance with Mr. Irgin, who could decide to convert his debt into equity instead of demanding payment.
Maybe they could be out of a dancing with the stars.
What do you think?
All right.
In addition to the 175 million bucks in New York, do in February, Echo Star also owns 400 million of Series XM's debt due in December.
If Series XM files for bankruptcy, Echo Star could seek in courts to take over the company.
Mr. Irgin, however, may be able to negotiate to convert his shares before bankruptcy at an attractive rate and gain control of the company these people set attractive rate, 11 cents a share, and dropping like a boulder into the Grand Canyon.
For Mr. Carmison, the seller bankruptcy of Series XM would be one of his first failures.
He founded Infinity Broadcasting, sold it to CBS and later merged the combined companies into Viacom where he had a notorious difficult relationship with Sumner Redstone, the chairman, before being ousted.
Mr. Carmison bought two million shares of Series XM at $1.37 a share in August.
Before that, he had bought 20 million shares at an average of $5 a share on Tuesday, Series closed at $11.4 a share.
Wow! Talk about Suras. He bought 20 million shares at an average of $5 a piece now at $11 a cent. Do the math like they say.
Since the summer, the company's prospects have dimmed. I'm not trying to paint the rosy picture because we have challenges connected to our liquidity and certainly our stock prices dreadful.
Mr. Carmison said in December, but you know our revenues are growing double digits. We're growing subscriptions. We're not losing subscribers.
A spokesperson for Mr. Carmison declined to comment. He's mum. A spokesman from Echo Star couldn't be reached.
Mr. Carmison's stake the success of the merger on nearly $400 million in annual cost savings and the potential to gain subscribers through deals with auto companies to put satellite radios and cars.
But satellite radio failed to win over many younger listeners and competition from other sources slowed subscriber growth.
I think what Mel Carmison is really trying to say is...
I'm dying out of the hand.
Right. Oh no, you're wrong, Neil. That's the way of the future. satellite radio. You got to go to serious.
I think all businesses are done. It's finished. In fact, I got a story here. Investors skepticism grows over clear channels.
Ability we've paid that. Wouldn't that be a thinking shame?
Oh, Neil.
Neil God.
Olympic superstar Michael Feltz right there. This photo is the real deal.
In it appears to show Feltz smoking a marijuana pipe.
Olympic dream.
A swimming speed. He's a human dolphin who just gets baby.
He can't hear well. He just is grown. Like Mike.
Five years ago, like Mike. Are you high?
That's cool, little quality.
Are you high? Next time you see Gary Sarner in the hallway, ask him, are you high?
Yes, I'm high. Gary. And then say, you're fair.
That too.
Me, married to a biarch, says, I mean, this is just pathetic.
Have you ever gone to Benihana for lunch? No. Can't say that I have.
Where do we have that we used to go that seafood place right up the street there?
From IOD on the 79th Street Causeway.
The one that kept changing. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I don't know the name of it.
But Benihana was right there. Right on the other side of that, yes.
Wow. Is it still there? I don't know. I haven't been there in a while.
But you're out of touch too. You sure you're selling alcohol in that hood? No.
Anyway, it says it's half the price. The only minus is no soup.
My wife and I went, I want you to listen to this. I'm listening.
I had three chicken fried rice's and scallops.
She had two chicken fried rice's and steak. No alcohol just so does the whole 40 bucks.
What does that mean? I love what the chicken fried rice is.
What is it the point? I don't know. Well, it's just your dinner with the idiot.
You know, retard. Brandon says very interesting while waiting for your show to start on the stream.
They never run a few spots for your show.
Even having one spot with it. If I'm not mistaken, fart sounds entertaining spots.
Only problem is it makes it seem like you're coming back from a break because it plays the,
this is your brain drop. That's okay. At least it's better than when maybe that's why we're not getting all those complaints.
But you notice when they were running all the PSAs, oh geez.
And this is only the second email I believe saying, oh yeah, they've put some entertaining crap on there now.
Because that's a positive thing as opposed to, I got to blow my nose.
Oh well. Get the tissue in. That's it.
Oh.
Yeah, hey, he did some kind of substance. He didn't know what it was.
What a lion tucker crap with pink lips.
And then there's Joe talking about, well, should they release the old names 104?
No, they should keep some secret. Just quit playing baseball already. Okay. It's boring as hell.
You know, I'm going to stop being fans of all these musicians that I like so much because I'm afraid that they might have used some performance enhancing drugs while they wrote some of that stuff.
What are you trying to say? You don't care that they're cheating. You don't care that these people are cheating.
Period. It's a game of statistics, man. You're not in the purity of the stats.
I don't care what Ray. Do on the weekend. I don't want to watch.
I don't want to go. I don't care what. I don't care what.
I don't care what what millionaires do. I mean, this station's very big on a golf tournament to do with me.
And Mr. Assistant Mary Mandage, he's very big. I'm going up to Augustine. Oh, the masters at the Tiger.
You remember, yeah, Tiger, my ass. Up really. I'll go get the golf. All these silly games people play. Sounds like a good name for a song.
Now, the spinners did games people play, but who actually originally recorded that and wrote it?
There's, I think there's a couple different songs. I think there are a couple of different songs called games people play.
There are. I know Alan Parsons had a song called games people play in pretty good. Who did Alan Parsons project?
The Alan Parsons project had a song called games people play. I love the Alan Parsons project. Very good.
You can't play into the music though because your computer is always going to do anything. I can't do anything.
Because computers all stood up. And if you think during these difficult economic times,
that they're going to buy a new computer for George and S Studio, especially considering years ago before the difficult economic times,
I had a dig in my pocket and buy the computer that's sitting there and breaking down now.
Whoever heard of working for a company like this, multi-billion dollar company supposedly,
and the talent's got to buy their own equipment. Just like here in the studio, everything that's in here,
with the exception of what originally went in, I bought, including the two Denon CD decks, the new ones.
I bought them. I installed them. Yeah. Uh-huh.
I thought I'm belly-ickened about it, but nevertheless, Bush League.
Go ahead!
This one also, this email is pathetic from Dirk. Hey, Niels, it's just me, if your list is noticed,
that everybody's saying as well way too much, as well.
I don't ever hear anybody saying that. It drives me nuts hearing this as well.
Another one is you know. I say, no, I don't know, explain. You know that. That's new and exciting.
Dirk. Well. And who can forget, um, if someone is searching for a word they say, um,
and our president is going to do them as well. God Almighty. God Almighty want. That email.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Oh, before I get to the cheap channel, boy, everything is bad, bad news.
Let's just to play laughing sounds all four hours today. All right.
And every now and then, in between, we'll drop in one of those just for, you know, old time's sake.
Lincoln Financial Media reported a net loss of $506 million for the first,
or for the final quarter of 2008, meaning that they're not doing so great.
Included in the quarter for loss was a non cash charge of $166 million after tax
for the impairment of intangibles, primarily related to the company's media assets.
Those are the company's radio stations in Miami, San Diego, Denver, and Atlanta. Waxi.
Lincoln Financial Rights Now radio stations. Losing their ass.
Losing big time, baby. $166 million after tax for the impairment of intangibles. What does that mean?
I don't know. Imperiment of intangibles. My ass. They're losing their ass is what it means.
They just don't want to say it. All that big high price talent across the street.
You know, like two gods. This is somebody who doesn't belong in here just to say hello.
Hello. Goodbye. Now goodbye would be good. But they got him on there with that labaster,
love a turd guy who evidently at least is trying to be funny. I don't think he succeeds.
But he's trying and people would rather have that than, oh, give me the ball.
Give me the ball. Give me a big touch down. Let's go replay that dolphin game again.
Oh, you know, boring Joe. It's boring. It's crap. It's turd. It's swill.
Anyway, let's get back to a cheap channel. I didn't plan on starting out the show today with a whole run down
how everybody's in the business going out of business, satellite radio, a terrestrial radio,
a waxy cheap channel. Everybody's going bust except us. We're kicking ass here.
The bees, ladies. We're kicking ass. Our own, of course, but they're used to that.
Can you imagine the black and blue marks on their ass? Wow. From kick of their own.
Clear channel communications, Inc. debt traded at sharply lower levels after announced Monday was tapping an additional 1.6 billion dollars in credit.
Boy, now that's what I need. I could have me a hell of a good time of wood by 1.6 billion in credit. Huh?
Can you imagine? Let me tell you a little story before I go back to this. All right. I'll eat some soup on there.
What the mic now? I did have a winning day yesterday. Not a lot. I'm always okay a few hundred.
And there's this one machine that I had my eye on. I was just dead and dead. I don't know. I just got a feeling.
And so I hopped on it. Just as I hopped on it, I want about 600 bucks on it in a few minutes.
And then it's kind of like died. It went into a, you know, a wall. Okay. So I got off it and start playing a machine.
Couple machines away. Half hour later, this old, I mean, 150 years old, at least Chinese lady with a wrinkled up pus.
She comes in place it puts in a couple of 20. She gets a spin 500 bucks. Well, of course, my nose wrinkled up when I saw this, but I, we know that happens.
But then three, four minutes later, she gets a thousand bucks on the line. So now she's made 1,500 on this machine machine that I left.
Now she gets two more spins for a hundred of piece. And then about 10 minutes later, she gets to spend for 250 bucks.
She took two grand of that machine. Well, good for her. No, not good for her. Come on.
Just take that when you leave a hot machine that, you know, I don't think it's ever. I left it. It was ice cold and then this ring.
And I wanted to yell out, what are you going to do with the two grand lady? You miserable old bitch. Seriously, she had to be at least 200 years old.
She looked like Muthuzla's great grandma. But I don't begrudge her. Oh, there's a preview of the supernatural left off.
They're saving people wanting things. Same as these. I got to find Jessica. Wow.
They are hotter than a hot tamale. Let me tell you the supernatural. They are super no lukshen, but nevertheless.
That game last night, seriously. That was one of the greatest disgraces in the history of any sport.
The Toronto make believes they suck. And Ron Wilson, I fire you right now. Let's just change the coach every week.
The fact that the team sucks, that's beside the point.
Anyway, should I get back to this thing? Sure. Clear channel. Investors grow more skeptical about the radio and outdoor advertising.
Giants ability to pay back its loans. Oh, yeah. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.
They're ability to pay back their loans. We're getting the whole story after the break, but, you know, you got hockey intensive there for a minute.
So scoot up on my plans. What? Sorry about that. Take your time. Take your time. Relax. Got a lot of time to kill here today.
Two o'clock. We got the big O mad dog four to seven. Dolphin tonight. Seven away to two. Now. If there ever was one followed by the D. A. Show.
Oh my god. From eight to 11. Let's see if he can keep up that strong point. Oh, it's one thing to have a week. Oh, but a strong.
That's something to really be proud of.
Roger Scott. Hi, Michael Phelps here for Wee-Dees. That's not Wee-Dees. Wee-Dees. The breakfast of cannabis.
Hang on a second.
And in every bag of the on you Wee-Dees is a combination flavor of pizza, crystal burgers, and t-dose.
And now in every bag a special prize. Check this out. A pack of zigzag papers.
So pick up a bag of Wee-Dees today. Pour a big bowl of it. Big bowl. And lunch on the breakfast of cannabis. Wee-Dees. Take it from me.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Wee-Dees.
Oh, God, would that be the greatest thing in the history of mankind? Heap channel goes under. Oh, happy day.
I would dance in my pants. Clear channel, which completed its contentious privatization last year, said it drew on the funds to improve its liquidity position and a lot of continuing uncertainty and credit market and economic conditions.
But it didn't specify exactly what we used the funds for in the client-賣er-fired detail, too.
By the way, I have a bogus email, and the reason it's bogus is because I know for sure I would have had a lot more than just one real serious problem with the stream.
Every word is repeated twice.
Sirius problems with the stream says lunar moon base, cockamoon. Don't you think if we had a problem with the stream, somebody including Brandon would have told us by now?
Text emails. They would have called us even though we're not taking calls.
Text to your phone.
We're going to be getting text from. By the way, how's that sales going to come with the text messages? Oh, yeah, what do you think about that? I think it's great. When's it going to start? Well, it's not, but it's a good idea.
Losers, losers, losers. Just so many losers wandering up and down the hallways, you know, just waiting for the other shoe to drop.
You know what I mean by that? No, what do you mean? Yes, you do. Explain it slowly and twice. Clear channel has been feeding the sting of the slowing-add market last month.
The company announced it would lay off about 9% of its US staff for 18, 150 employees. The decision to draw down debt refocus attention on its fundamental business of billboard and radio advertising investors are making an evaluation said Andrew Finkelstein.
I wonder if he's kind of our good friend, Dr. Howard, Professor Schmendrick Finkelstein, a credit analyst at Barclays Capital.
What are radio and after our businesses worth versus how much that's in the company?
Clear channel took on more than $17 billion in debt, including its revolving credit facility to privatize.
A particular interest in the company's fourth quarter earnings slated for release next month will be the ratio of its secured debt to adjusted earnings.
Clear channel's debt agreement stipulated secured debt ratio can't rise above 9.5 for the next few years. Whatever that means.
When it last reported earnings in November, the ratio stood at 6, but advertising conditions have deteriorated so much that many investors are wondering if the ratio will worsen this year.
I think everybody at QM is going to have to take a 99% pay cut starting at the top, starting with freaking fat ass ugly Jolly Joe.
Do you think? Sure. Did I, did I Schmidt-Can the rest of this clear channel?
I don't know. Oh, that's okay. I just threw it away. I don't want it. It's too depressing.
Aren't you depressed and bummed out? No, not really. I am. I'm still all depressed about a ride.
The most overplayed song of all time on the raise is that still on there? Oh, let's get rid of that thing. Let's Schmidt-Can it. We got another poll to replace it.
Let me print it out and I'll read it and then we'll move on. Move on. Move along. Pull switch. Oh, this poll really sucks too. I forgot who sent this.
The thousand only 13 points. If I knew today was my last day on earth, I would blank. That's a good one. We've done that before I think, but I would.
Yeah, you like it? I do. Spend the day having sex. Run all my credit cards up to the max. Run all my credit cards. That's why I mean, that's just eat everything I've been avoiding for years.
Make amends with friends who have fallen away. Confess my love to someone. Stay in bed all day.
Barge into my boss's office and pee on his desk. How about take a big choice on his desk? Sounds better to me. Go to Disney World. Spend a quiet day with my family. Do something. I've always been afraid to try or spend the day in church.
Spend the day in church. That's what I'm voting for. I'm going to spend the day in church. I've got a lot of time to make up for you know. I've got to make myself right with the Lord. Yeah.
Jack Lord. He's still dead by the way. Cook him. Dad. Oh.
Okay, here's the final teller. We had 987 vote off. I'd left it a little longer. We'd made a thousand big simmits.
And let me say it again. It wasn't like give us a list of songs you hate or just give us a list of songs in general.
The most overplayed song on the radio is or was that was the question unfortunately as George and I were discussing before the show today.
A lot of you people make up your own question and you answer something that has nothing to do with the real question. It's right. It's right there in black and white. No, that's not not.
Want to answer that one. Well too bad. Did like the guy that yesterday sends us an email. Oh no. The question should have been a yada yada. I should have been. Yeah.
But it's not well that's okay. It should have been this because that's the one I want to answer. God. What a bunch of knuckleheads. There are there so many knuckleheads and so little time like that old Chinese bitch it would buy yesterday. Come on now.
When she got the 500 on the wheel. She looked at me. Yeah. And I gave her like kind of a constipated smile. I didn't like nice nice bitch. Give it a big stop. That what you got a thousand on the line at that point. That's where I do it. Line in the sand.
And I said to myself time for war with China. The most overplayed song was stairway to have an 140 pulled away in the stretch and one going away. It was a tight battle yesterday during the show.
But stairway to have it one easy 140 you light up my life 98 Debbie Boone in the box. Macarena 88. Ty yellow ribbon around the Tony Orlando's neck 72 piano man 45. Don't worry. Be happy. 42. Who did that again? Bobby McFarrow.
Bobby McFarron. He needs to be shot for a doing that. Here's something that you may or may not know. Yes. There are no instruments in that song other than his own voice.
Really? That's the thing that thing he does. One of his things. He has a thing. Yeah. He does. I don't want to see it. He beats it on his chest. Sweet home. Alabama 38. I'd like to teach the world to sing 38.
I can't find that thing by the fortunes. It's the real thing. I didn't look for it anymore. I can't find Jack Squad
So no, that's right because your computer is a screw-up. And what are you gonna do about it?
What are you gonna do about it? How, shot? I asked Steph if he could take a look at it
He told me to send George Corso an email so that he could look at it with permission
And try to fix it and I haven't heard back. What would he mean? He could look at it with permission
Well, you know, he has to be permission to look at a piece of equipment. That's a malfunctioning
Whoever heard us that's Kakarai. Well, apparently that's the procedure here. Oh my god procedure
I'll tell you the kind of procedure they need to perform there. Correct them
My heart will go on 36. Freebird 34. Margarita Ville had
American Pie 29. I will always love you 29. Aiki Breaky Heart 29. Another brick-in-a-wall 25. I got you babe 25
More than a feeling 20. Do you feel like I do? 18
Feelings 16. Escape the Pina Colata song 15. Spide what George wrote on it. I feel
Perfect light my fire 14 must grab love 13. Money 12. Blinded by the light rolled up like a douche
douche fox in the middle of the night. Proud Mary 10. Rambler Man 9. Smoke on the water 8. Cocaine 7. Go your own way 7. The rose 7. You don't bring me flowers any more
7. Billy don't be a hero for it very annoying. The seasons in the sun equally annoying for house of the rising sun for and never my love
And I have no idea why anybody would vote for that a wonderful song by the
Association never my love had three
Hey enough with the pamper's already when the hell was the baseball season begin anyway
Hey
Why is he so lonely desperate and confused playing sugar daddy to a strange slut
This what has to be
His new girl Nancy works for New York's MTA
Evil Peter met your pastor right on her subway okay and this one has to be late
You
Two
Good
With love you have a good dream
It's hardly might as well just put his cash on a big truck and run it into a big
Now see, Jose, he is rich and we will find a thing
From money he made playing, more of a fancy thing to us wing or a bed
But this one has to lay
It's a good dream, at least he has more play
It's a good dream, at least he has to lay
You're fair, right?
1047 and 560 WQAM
Why is Brett Farve's picture on my screen?
So, there you have it, Brett Farve retiring
Oh it's about time for ground retire
And this time stay with it, retire
It was only because Brett Farve decided that he's got this ego bigger than the world
That's the only reason the dolphins had that good season to catch had pennington
Otherwise the jets would have kept his ugly ass
The jets might have been done okay
The stinkin' rotten jets, by the way the rangers suck
The leaves have an excuse man, their whole team basically 90% of it sucks
But the rangers, rangers, don't hear from those idiots anymore, do we?
Rangers
And Phil Arck by the way, dropped dead
Drop the die-awickad death, this go get lost
Nigel says, I'm listening to you show my iPhone and the streaming is just fine
The streaming is fine, in fact that goofball emailed back and said
Oh geez, it just happened during the last break and fixed itself before you mentioned it
Probably my cockamoon system
Probably your cockamoon brain, lunar moon base
Earth to mooner, a cockamoon base
All these people with their problems real and imaginary
Oh and like I said, Brandon and one other person said, oh yeah we got some interesting stuff on there
And I was opposed to those PSAs that they were all belly-hacking about
Remember the 80 million emails we had about that?
Yeah
But nobody out there has got the common decency to say, oh gee thanks to whoever is responsible for that
And of course we don't know who is because they don't tell us to end up doing stuff like this
Who?
Lee
Thanks Lee, kiss Lee in fact Lee will be here on the Friday
I'll blow him a kiss, how's that?
You'll what?
Did you hear what George just said?
Come on, come on, you hear the sirens coming to get you
They heard you
Wow, really loud
Yeah it is
I got that window open
Wow
Whoop
Shannon, who's another lung kid says, you should be paying for your equipment in Canada after all you chose to leave
No, the fact is Greg Reed gave me the option of doing the show here or in Amsterdam or both
They arranged to build a studio which means also to maintain the studio
So go ahead and make up a bunch of crap Shannon
You're a dumb bastard sometimes you ought to very stupid things other than that I like your show
The other gay guys I'm using too, thanks Shannon, the other gay guy
This from Elvy Superior Landscaping
How do you like that?
Okay
The other gay guy
What if he's talking about you or Flea?
Well he said very entertaining, he couldn't have been talking about you
Right
Michael Morris says he's looking for cash
Not cash to fund a movie but cash to kind of trickles through the fingers of New York bankers
In a posting on his blog Monday he called on people to work on Wall Street or in the financial industry to come forward
And share with him in his film what they know
Oh, I worry about his life now, you know, I worry about his safety
Based on those who've already contacted me I believe there are a number of you who know the real deal about the abuses that have been happening
More wrote in a blog post today
You have information that the American people need to hear I'm humbly asking you for a moment of courage
To be a hero and help me expose the biggest swindle of American history
A few good people have already come forward which leads me to believe there are many more of you out there who know what's really going on
He added what's really going on other than the kaka that the news media are abying into and feeding us
Morris posting offers a tantalizing hint to the element of his new project if he success on the way he was in SICO
And expose on the US health care system his next film could be both timely and scathing
scathing
All correspondence with me will be kept confidential more promises
Your identity will be protected and you'll decide to what extent you wish to participate in telling the greatest crime story ever told
More joke that his regular readers would be flummoxed
I thought he said he was making a romantic comedy they'll say well
I just can't say much right now yet and I'm sure you can understand why one thing I can tell you is that you're going to like this movie when I'm done with it
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Like that the gold guy says
That's on all those spots here what tells his name I have a camera his name his email contact for whistleblowers is bailout at Michaelmore.com
Yeah we're being fleeced
Hmm-hmm fleeced if it isn't a gas prices and they schmought the heads over there aren't raping the world with those fabricated gas prices
It's this crap all got a bailout the banks they're all a bust. Yeah, okay everybody's bust everybody woke up one morning
Everybody was bankrupt that amazing. Yep. Where'd all the money go?
I don't know Michaelmore will tell you now here's one that's going to really pork you off. Okay subject stupid WQ am sign JP and JP is right
It says Dan Levitturd has had the audience texting him forever. Why can't WQ and make it work eff you jolly joe amen to that eff you jolly joe
If it's being done anyplace else we can't do it we can't in fact you know Obama with that yes we can our motto is no we can't
I thought it was we don't want to know no we can't what do you want to do? Oh well no we can't we can't do that
Want to play the fart sounds no we can't want to entertain the audience no we can't you want to play those funny bits no we can't you want to get that signal
So somebody could hear it no we can't no we can't no we can't you want to get people texting you so it's a lot easier than email no we can't
Remember that whole song of dance clearance came in and oh would you be interested? Yeah, it sounds great. Let's do it. Let's start tomorrow and every time we ask about it
It's like oh
Sales department couldn't sell it
Our sales department couldn't sell a glass of water for a nickel that was starving Arab
That's our sales department specially Gary Sarner now there's a and don't don't give me started on the electric bill and Todd Dreck
In fact Todd Dreck ought to be electrocuted
What a third you ever see him at all? Every now and again and the whole as he say nothing nothing of consequence
No, and what does he say period he nods he says hi say hi?
Well, in other words, he realizes that we're still on the air. I don't know that I didn't say that. Oh my realizes you're still in the building realizes that I'm a three-dimensional object that he has a walk around no
Todd Dreck
Jason says I'm not a smart guy, Neil, but even I am smart enough to know that hiring talent like Howard Spurm
Martha Stewart and Oprah among others at hundreds of millions of dollars isn't good business sense when you're charging folks a hundred and fifty bucks a year for a subscription
I don't care how many subscribers there are you just are never gonna turn a profit duh sign Jason hanging on to his job by a threat at D.H.L.
Sorry to hear that Jason hang on hang on loosely hang on tightly
All these four bastards with their lives being ruined out on the street out on the beach
Spirit die mister
Have a nice day. Oh, here's guilty. You think it's the real guilty or not?
No, I don't either
All of a sudden out of the blue a guilty guilty. Geltstein is gonna start emailing me. I don't believe it
Good morning. Oh my god. I'm still beside myself over that game last night. Yeah, you and that big crowd that wasn't there
You can't complain about the crowd because none the showed up. What a game by Richard Zednik on the anniversary of his near death experience
Lace blew it though, but you have to give my panthers some credit for sticking around the third period when they were down four to one
Lace folded up like an accordion
They're showing some toughness which is pretty unusual for the panthers. I don't want to jinx myself
But I think the organization if they can find a way to keep J. they can make a serious push for the playoffs J. Bowman's
Stars name isn't bo meester by the way
Joe Bowen calls him bo meester and Geltie calls him bo meester but that's because it's a twerp
Bo meester Bo meester Bo meester
I saw Luke he said hello. We also said if you don't start shaving your head properly without any patches you stand no chance
Here's a little gift for you from him. It's got a picture not a very good picture either love you Uncle Neil Geltie
I think it's from the real Geltie Geltstein Geltstein. What do you think? Maybe?
Oh, sorry. Maybe. How do you like that?
That's a first for you, Mr. Skeptic. Mr. Propeptually Skeptic and Sauer and nasty just because your life is a piece of dirt
Don't take it on in the whole world. Okay. I said that. It's not no. Oh, I'm just quoting what all these people always write to me Oh, you're living you're playing the slots 20 hours a day and
Bob, but Bob. Oh, this and a Schmacko taco. They have no idea. They're all experts which had some money other than
They're the subpoena all of our here. Well, here we go again of the support in the country to take the right steps.
We stand ready to do our part going forward.
In March of 2008, at the request of the US government, we were working on-
How many fags do you have a little bit of a testy, man?
You're really hostile to the Neal Roger show.
What's solid is this your brain?
You're fairly any questions.
You can't understand how many millions of perverts are on that internet-
Don't get me started on those perverts!
And now they think how a pervert!
All I can say is that my space is getting lame.
It's where all those weird perverts congregate.
You perfect!
All they will do is just to resist, see their true.
And make me want to feel, cause they're not sane.
On my spade.
I just want all my friends to visit me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I have no life without my spade.
You know I like to keep from being jail-bait.
Go away from me and touch your own spade.
And I don't understand all the nasty things they say.
And I try to complain but bear in my face.
I got crabs.
I do.
Or you call me a pervert.
Don't like to do inside my name, my agent face.
But they get me everyday in traffic or train.
What's offensive?
And lame.
My spade.
My spade.
It smells like fire, maybe I have to window crack.
But that's it.
That's so wrong.
We just shut up.
God, he's almost as annoying as Phil Simms.
Speaking of a phone, he's selling drawl.
Y'all, professor Dr Henry K. Finkelstein is back.
He says, yes, he is related to me whoever that guy was.
Also, just to throw it in there, the chief channel is cutting mainly sales positions.
The ones who underperform.
At least that's what the AP reported.
I agree with you guys on the polls.
People answer whatever they want.
Name some popular songs.
That's what they did yesterday.
If it was popular, somebody thinks it's overplayed.
Especially if they didn't like it.
If they liked it, you couldn't play it enough.
Oh, let's hear that again, please.
But if they didn't like it, oh, that's overplayed.
Now, the fake Alice Rantel is definitely come out of the closet now.
It's being totally fake because he keeps talking about people who worked at IOD.
Alice Rantel never worked at WIOD.
And he liked that.
Okay.
For example, today's misive is, Neil, have you heard from Rick Alpern lately?
Spelled wrong.
APL.
Apple Pern.
Lately.
Apple.
Yeah, he calls me every day to see how I'm doing.
Have I heard from Rick Alpern?
You chat all the time?
No, we do not.
I'm not.
We don't shmat.
I don't hear from any of those people.
And why would I?
And you know what?
I don't want to.
Why would you?
I don't want to talk to you.
I forget what kind of a scam he turned out to be.
But no, no.
I'll be going to the bar.
Will you?
Yeah.
Rick Alpo.
Another faker.
Another sales hole.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
Enjoy what I'd.
Oh, jerk.
His wife though, she was the real balls in that family.
D.
D.
D.
Clark.
Rain drops.
Adam, who's obviously desperate for a life, says, when are you doing another appearance in
Florida?
I don't know.
Someday.
It was up to Joe Bell.
I'd be doing an appearance here every day.
Up to jolly joke.
Can you imagine what you're doing to show in that building and having to look at his fat
ugly ass every day?
God.
What a thought that is.
Yeah, let's find out today's D day.
Let's find out who these fakers are.
Okay.
The fake Alice Rantel, the fake Tom Jicke, the fake this one and that one.
Come on.
John's ETR.
In fact, I have a thing for him today in my pile somewhere.
Got a pretty big pile.
Thank God.
Do you know how many emails it takes to fill up four-hour show?
About a million.
About a trillion.
Oh, there's Richard Quest for the Houses of Parliament.
We read, we read.
I mean, if there was the modern.
Donkey Tooth's Richard Quest.
Flogging and stocks in the street.
First of throw vegetables.
We'd be happy.
We'd be delighted.
But there isn't.
And what we need to do as financial journalists is try and explain.
This is the equivalent.
This is 40 gallons of spittle have just come from his mouth just in so head that on.
And they're putting the fires out one at a time.
And yes, money may be sloshing everywhere.
Sloshing.
Oh, he shouldn't have said that.
Can you imagine the spokesman trying to say sloshing?
Wow.
The spokesman.
What are you laughing at?
You know the spokesman.
Yes.
B.M. You know the spokesman?
Just from you.
Richard Quest.
Quest.
Oh, my God.
About a half dozen passengers aboard a flight from London that landed in Miami International Airport yesterday.
Have known reported being ill.
Channel 10's Todd Tungan reported.
Hey, Todd.
You ferry.
The old people reported they were sick to their stomachs and vomiting aboard the Virgin Atlantic flight.
Which originated at London's Heathrow Airport.
Also, I don't hear from the fake Jimmy syphilis anymore either.
What happened to her?
Huh?
Hey, Jimmy.
A medical emergency was called into the airport.
A day-to-fire rescue was at the scene.
Medical personnel examined the ill people in order to determine a possible cause of the illness.
Well, they just came back from London and said, right?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe they ate too much of that toad in the hole.
Or maybe they had a little bit too much spotted.
Bangers and mash.
Meanwhile, the 308 people on board were not allowed to do plane while they were being examined.
Oh, brother.
We weren't allowed off the plane, but was just to check everyone out said passenger Nick Davis,
who was traveling with his wife and children.
You know, you know the kind of Americans who traveled to London, you know what they go there for?
Why they go there?
No, I don't.
Because they're afraid to go to any really exciting place because of the language barrier.
They think that in England they speak English.
Okay.
And then they get there and they can't understand a freaking word those damn pasty-bred say.
That makes sense.
Oh, yeah.
They should all go for the food.
Then look Amsterdam.
Why the hell is anybody going to go to Amsterdam?
Now they're closing down most of the red light district, the sex shops, the coffee shops.
My god, next they're going to close down Albert Heiney there, the express on the dam rack.
That'll be the end.
I think I'm done with that place.
I've done my, I've done my share.
Got it.
Go, I've done it.
I've done it all in Amsterdam and it's done.
It's finished.
It's like Vegas.
Oh, why do you say that, Neil?
You got to go to Vegas.
I don't want to.
I don't want an egg.
No chance.
88 votes on the new pool.
If I knew today was my last day on earth, I would spend the day having sex 34,
spend a quiet day with my family, 21.
How about spending a quiet day having sex with the family?
If you're quiet, you're not doing it right.
I see.
Well, in that case.
Oh, Pedro says, thanks, Flea.
We have one and Brandon, who's like, you know, like a member of the family.
He's like part of the show.
So it's, he's no big, I don't want to take him for granted, but it's not a big
stimulus when Brandon says that they're doing neat stuff on the, a breaks on the street.
He told me yesterday, but I forgot all about it until it came up again.
Who told you?
Lee.
Flea, don't he?
He did it.
Thankfully, you demand.
There's the one person, him and Duff.
Those are the two people in the building who take an interest in this show.
The rest of you people.
Oh, brother.
I don't know if I that's a good analogy.
See, they both care, but they're, they're, you know, they're only human.
They're only their hands drawn.
They're limited by their environment.
Right.
They're trying over here.
Flea and Duff.
Anyway, Pedro says, thanksfully, the constant repetition on the stream was an
effing pain in the ass.
Right.
Thanks, Pedro.
Keep these emails coming to you with neoroges.com.
I got a pretty hefty pile here, but you know, by 1230, I'm going to be run out.
And it's a murky day, but it's warm.
It's going to be 50 today.
Murky, though.
For a sunny, it would be like gorgeous.
When that be great, I'll see the sun again someday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Eventually.
Well, you know, up north at this time of the year, it tends to be a lot of murky days.
And when it's sunny, and the winter time when it's sunny, it's usually not a good sign because that means it's cold as hell.
Cold as hell.
It's murky, it foggy, but it's plus eight.
That's 40, I don't know, 47, 46.
It's going to be 10 before the day is out 50.
And they're showing the highways there on the city, Pulse 24, and it's foggy.
Foggy is hell, Paul.
I bet you cast an ova's taking notes on this.
And that idiot, how dare him is that moron.
That sent us that faxed the other day, that claiming that they used the drop in just another Ojan provocateur.
A lot of troublemakers out there.
He's probably an old condo commando, or reads his neighbor's mail.
Pears out the window with binoculars.
We got a neighbor like that on my street, always looking out the curtains, man.
Always peering out the drapes to see what's going on.
Same neighbor who can't sleep some Saturday night's coach.
She so excited about getting up Sunday morning to go to church.
Yeah, true story.
Let's be some church there.
Oh, God almighty.
They say a lot of how to lose in that church.
Oh, God, that's good.
Here's a great Mary.
Sends me a spectacular email.
Strap yourself in for this one. You ready?
All right.
Neil, next time you're in Mary Brickle Village, stop in the bathroom at the new balance.
They have glass bathroom stalls that go magically opaque when you lock the door.
Very cool.
Oh, Neil.
Wonderful.
W-T-Air, R-560.
On an ordinary dirty job.
Three things come to mind when George is on your mind.
Paynuts, inbred hillbillies and bathtub crack.
Now what we're going to do here today is pack peanuts.
Doesn't sound too dirty.
What do we have here, pleaties?
Ooh, this here.
Oh, this pleaties, by the way.
Hi.
Looks like rat poo everywhere.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's all over the place.
Now, our job is to mix it into the peanuts.
Swirl it in.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You swirl it into it like you stir the rat poo until it disperse until it's been unscited.
Okay.
Like this?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, baby.
What you're done with that spray it all down, is it insecticide?
Then, rinse it off, right?
Wins it off?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
You don't want any critters getting on it.
You leave it on there.
Leave it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, hey.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You just leave it on there and you're done.
You know, people put this in their mouth.
Oh, well, it's the FTCAAA, ASPCAAA.
They said it's all right.
You mean the FDA?
Oh, it's M2.
Making 30 foods is a 30 job.
It's 11-18 at 5-60 WQAM.
So, speaking of chicken neck, here's an email that says, I heard you saying yesterday, you
don't want to put chicken neck on the show.
I just wanted to let you know that if you ever decide to let him or anyone else at any
time, it can be done for free very easily.
George just needs their free instant messaging software on his computer, such as Google Talk
or Aim that supports voice.
I think he mentioned that he has this.
Now, here comes the best part.
You'll love this very timely.
Obviously, George's computer is already hooked up to output audio to the show since he plays
music from there.
Right?
George is broken down computer.
That's why he's working on it right now.
What?
The Timmy is working on as we speak.
All right.
So, we just need to open a voice chat session and that's it.
The point that they're missing whoever wrote that email.
You can bring anyone on the show in any time this way.
Right.
Now, go ahead.
Go ahead.
They're presuming that anyone wants to work for free.
Right, exactly.
That's my point.
Chicken neck ain't going to come on here into voters time to being like a sidekick on a show
for free.
Other than the lifeless stalkers that we were talking about before the show, no one is going
to go and perform for free.
Perform?
Is that what you call their antics?
Is it performance?
I think that's what they fancy it.
Oh, yeah.
So there you go, Mr. Imperius, whoever you are.
See, we just can't do what we want to do because I don't feel that there's any great problem
with the show right now other than, of course, the restrictions that this company puts on.
But other than that, I think we're doing just fine.
We're doing okay.
You know, oh, we're fine.
Not kicking big serious ass like we used to, but that's never going to happen again.
That would be like Henry Ford saying, well, gee, we just aren't selling the kind of model
teas that we used to, you know, right?
Don't you think that's one hell of a good analogy?
Sure.
I think it's fabulous if you ask my stupid ass.
109 votes on the poll.
The final day is when the end days, the end is near.
Oh, brother, speaking of religious people, Davey Pastor accused of molesting minors.
Really?
Davey Pastor has been charged with molestation of a minor police beat and believe there may be other victims out there.
It's got a picture of this guy.
Felipe Arroyo.
I wonder if he's kind of Louis Arroyo who used to pitch for the Yankees, great relief pitcher.
Whitey Ford would start and Louis Arroyo would come in and save the game.
Nobody could save the game for the make believes last night.
They stuck the joint out, although Luke Shen still looked pretty good to make.
Hollywood police lieutenant Scott Pardin said Felipe Arroyo, 37, was arrested.
He has been charged with five counts of loot and lascivious molestation of a minor.
The incidents allegedly occurred from January of 2007 to December 2008.
Pardin said they believe it was a continuing pattern of abuse and there may be a, there may be more victims out there.
He was also charged with four counts of battery of a minor dating back to an incident in 2002.
Arroyo is passed out of the Church of Christ's Githsemeni, which was used to hold services in Hollywood,
but recently moved to the town of Davy.
Anyone with information on Arroyo or anyone who may have been victimized by him has asked to call Hollywood Police Investigative Services Section.
He took the Christchurch incident at 9.5.4.967.411.
Thanks, Doug.
Doug sent that in.
Davy passed her accused.
Oh God, that's good. Oh God, let me show you the way to the Lord.
Mm-hmm.
I'm so sick and nauseous with all these fakers, man.
And that Ted Haggard.
Oh, what a screamer.
Ted Haggard, you look at him and you think,
BAMING!
You fairy.
What?
Ted Faggard?
Ted Faggard. That's it.
And what about Prince Charles bugging the Butler?
Huh, a lot of stuff going on, a lot of hanky spanky.
And everybody's supposed to look the other way.
Oh, well, it's the Lord wanted this and the Lord, you know,
you know, religious people, man, you're so stupid that it just pains me.
It just painful to me.
Oh, I can't sleep Saturday night because I'm so excited about going to church on Sunday morning.
That's just another complicated way of saying,
I have no life.
Right.
Maybe that's why he's always looking out the window, searching for a life out there on the streets of plantation acres.
Oh, Jimmy Cifilis return.
You see, you ask and you shall receive.
Isn't that the way the Lord works?
Wow.
First of all, if there was a Lord, there wouldn't be any Jimmy Cifilis.
I'll tell you that right now.
Hey, Jimmy!
You fairy.
One thing I will say, and I never heard either one of them doing a show.
But Jimmy Cifilis can't hold a candle to footy for mediocrity.
And who the hell could?
Because according to muff that was the worst radio show in history,
worst he ever heard in his life was footy.
Maybe he hasn't heard Jimmy Cifilis yet.
Of course, he don't want to knock Jimmy because he still does the games on our station alone.
Is it true that he got blown off the broadcast at often games?
I sure wish we could get some load on on that.
Just like that business about penis face a ganky,
getting blown out on the a hurricane deal.
I know I heard that.
I didn't just dream it.
I heard it.
Yeah.
Didn't you hear it?
Oh, my!
Well, you don't care about it, so you just do block it out.
That's right.
My brain filter is working just fine.
I know.
Oh, yeah.
Something that's a good idea.
I wonder if they're still showing the Leaf Panther game again on Leaf TV.
Oh, yeah.
They are.
It's him commercial break now as you can hear.
Oh, yeah.
I sure hope we get to the really good parts like the whole third period.
And with all the due respect with Gellie, you know,
it's Joe Bowen will be doing the game as opposed to Gellie's broadcast.
Oh, my God.
Gellie and Joe Bowen in the same sentence.
That's like blast for me.
Jimmy Cifilis says the reason you don't hear from me anymore is because I stopped listening to your negative show.
I'm only listening today to monitor what's going on.
Will you listen and stop trolling?
I'm only listening today to monitor what's going on and to make sure you're not stealing any material from me.
A few of the producers listen to your show every day and keep me up to the end of your nonsense.
Okay, Jimmy Cifilis.
So sorry.
So sorry that we're not entertaining you.
And by the way, Jimmy.
You're fair.
Oh, there's four people at the game last night.
Goodbye you.
As Nicholas Hagman scores his 50th of the year in the May beliefs with the one nothing advantage.
Oh, this is just real early in the game when things were starting to look like a little bit bright.
Like maybe a win, a rare win for the May beliefs like maybe two in a row.
He couldn't get into the lineup.
Then it was a little loose announcer.
Joe K. Man is he fat.
And then at Greg Millen, he is the dumbest of the dumb.
He's a dullard of the if you look up dullard, you'll see Greg Millen in the he's got naked pictures of somebody.
Greg Millen.
Idried of Ryan three players.
Yeah, Mike Van Rahn perpetually injured.
Another real another great move.
Melissa, you remember Melissa in Concord, North Carolina who says, hola back at your girl.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, guess what she says at the end of this message, hola back at your girl.
All right.
She ain't my girl.
Melissa says, I love your show.
Is it wrong that you're my only world news source while she's in Concord, North Carolina?
I don't watch news on TV because of all the idiot reporters.
The newspaper is even worse than reporting the news.
Thanks for keeping me in the know.
hola back at your girl.
Melissa, you're golden in Concord, North Carolina.
What about the hola back at it?
hola back.
There you go.
Remember the legend of sleepy hola?
Uh huh.
Bare, bare, bare and bare.
You're uh, wrong uh, sleepy hola.
Headless hola was sleepy hola.
Oh, legend.
It was her fanwinkle.
No.
Headless hola back.
What did the sweep, who was it?
A wake about crane.
A wake about crane.
That's right.
You know what crane is?
No.
It's a horse radish.
Well, give me some.
Which you think it's a Jewish thing?
Which it is, but it's Russian Jewish.
Borst.
Ooh.
Borst.
Well, I would eat that with your mouth.
Borst.
Then it doesn't even sound good.
So it doesn't.
Borst.
Like a bloody mess.
Nasty.
Here, have some Borst.
Ooh.
And how about some Borst and Tongue on the same plate?
Ooh.
Fé.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Very laid back show today.
George is off on Friday.
Flea will be here.
And then next week I'm on vacation in George and Flea will be doing it together.
That's right.
Thanks, Clea.
For fixing up that, uh, see, when stuff like this happens,
when they're brought to the attention of the world,
Flea goes out there and actually does something about it.
It's supposed to our program director who can't be bothered wasting his time with his show
because it's not a sports show, Clarence.
The idea that Hank talked to Clarence and the Humper thought that he was going to get some action with Ken Maldon or whatever way.
The topic was, I mean, forget about it.
Clarence is too busy, you know, hanging out with his job.
Who busy protecting the naked pictures he's got of Joyce and the Beasley's with that Billy Goat?
That's got to be the only reason he's still there.
Flea is the man.
He's the new PD.
Let's take a vote inside the building.
Make up a cut off a bunch of pieces of paper.
Okay.
And go right to building and hand them out in and we'll get a ballot box and it's anonymous.
And on every piece of paper, you'll write,
my choice for QMPD is Clarence or Flea.
Check one.
I vote for Flea.
Who do you vote for?
All the sorry, the microphone's not working.
Who do you vote for?
You are.
Oh, you are such a mealy mind.
As if I have to say.
See, I'm biased because I happen to like Flea personally.
So you vote for Flea?
Sure, but I'm biased.
I like him.
I have a lot of bias too.
I'm biased too because Clarence gives me filthy stuff.
I'm worse than Clarence who needs more rest of his life.
I, Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
Tonight on this band,
the wedding of new RNC chairman, Michael Steele.
Okay.
Blackwell was Drew.
He was too black.
Well, we'll have one more to go for the final vote.
So just turn around and let me get this spot here.
Maybe too darkly, Luis.
Oh, that was about the thing.
Work on show and refund that proposal.
Kim's like the dark-fought Kim.
While it even installed a special water fountain
and a third bathroom just for you.
Thanks, I just not quite happy about my new name though.
Oh, you'll get used to it.
Remember, obstruct everything the president tries to do.
And from now on, your name's gonna be Tagamette Nukalak.
Okay.
Feels like the pain's starting to dry.
Yeah, we ordered a quick dry black.
Hey, almost done here.
You'll keep the pain of thawing my,
because if you don't, that will really give it away.
The Republican National Committee.
See? We like blacks too.
Tonight on Feast Man.
1133, 27, on noon at 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday from all your good-close personal pizons
at QA, including those who are no longer with us.
We love the panthers. They kick some ass.
Let's have a look at this, because the Leafs here
with a giveaway of the boy is trapped in
and the Florida Panthers, they just floor towards the net
on the cycle.
The principal floor towards the net.
And I believe this is going to hit the train's ski
and go in.
Three.
Seven feet.
You'll move.
Real brief.
Take it to that now.
There is where it's...
See if it hits.
Yeah, I think it hits the train's ski.
Why he has to box him open?
Anyway, Geldie is back and you're right.
It's the fake Yeldie.
It says, come on, Neil.
No one said I should be in the same sentence with Joe.
But if that's true about Mr. James F. Cephalo,
I would love to put in my name for that position,
sign Geldie.
Do it in the day.
Dolphin games.
Can you hear Geldie doing the dolphin games?
Wow.
No, I can't.
Well, you wouldn't listen to it in the matter.
Who they put on.
If they prep Rick Weaver's body back up in the booth.
Yeah.
You're so anti-sports.
Yeah.
The anti-Christ.
On Queer Street right now.
Yeah, I have a...
He just goes to the net.
Now I stand correct.
It's gave a truth plate for it.
The Michigan State's fight.
Thank you, Nelson.
Listen to this.
How are you going to do it?
Why?
The box back and the net finger gets it up on the wing.
You just know that you got a losing team
when you got a guy named Finger, you know?
What kind of a name is that for a person Finger?
How about...
How about Fuddy?
No.
Fingers better.
Mario in Port St. Lucie says,
things that make you go, hmmm...
hmmm...
One, Bush is no longer in office.
So in other word recession has mentioned every minute on the minute,
on all the media networks.
That's funny because while Bush was an office, that word was never used by anyone,
especially Republicans.
Two, spending 10 billion a month in Iraq is cheap.
It's short-change and okay.
But yet spending billions of dollars to create jobs to provide health care and extended unemployment benefits to the middle class is not.
It's expensive.
It's nonsense.
Unacceptable.
According to the Republicans.
Three, challenging the previous administration by just asking violent and relevant questions such as,
poor intelligence to innovate in Iraq, WMDs,
and the famous state of the course strategy was enough reason to be labeled as anti-American and patriotic.
But not Republicans publicly and openly announce their wishes for Obama as administration to fail,
and the media doesn't call anyone on this.
Double standards, not at all.
Love the show, keep up the good work, Mario, in Port St. Lucie.
Well, good luck to you, Mario.
They're going to trace that and come and get your ass.
Good parts though.
Excellent points, but they're going to come and take you away.
Oh, each more Jew who just needs some help.
A lot of these people need serious help.
You do know that.
Oh, yeah.
Says, I agree with George on this one.
Who gives a rat's ass as these overpaid athletes eat fried camel crap before the game?
Oh, I want the concession for that, the fried camel crap.
Ooh, could have put chocolate on it.
The ones who are capable of hitting it out of the park will still hit it out of the park.
I'm not convinced these drugs do anything except make their faces swell up and make it look like they're going to be.
And piss off the sports casters and winers.
If George didn't show like a girl, I'd ask him to hit you in the nuts with a slider.
I can throw very well, thank you.
Just not a football.
Really?
What do people make things up like that?
January the first sports.
And 19 on the season has only three specialty team goals and only two of those are on the power play.
So Blake has been doing his bread and butter work five on five.
Here is Stepniac playing the point on the power play as he did in Montreal.
Shot doesn't make it true.
White can't find an opening.
Carries around into the corner.
Now trying to sift away back to the point for Stepniac and he can't keep the punch.
Oh, just enough to make you want to caca.
Shot, hospital.
There's a mile and a quarter out of the map.
Well good for him.
Keep him going.
Myle and quarters good start.
Keep him going down the road.
You know, Paul Sean from Hollywood.
Yep.
Dear Uncle Neil, anyone who did not vote for another brick in the wall should be executed with a controlled expansion bullets at the base of the brain.
How do you like that?
In other words, anybody who doesn't agree with Sean, Paul Sean.
Sounds like a story.
Every time that water refart in the key of C came under radio, my friend Dingles would say,
I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going
f f f f I go the inside and put on the
She's not very sensual
Cuz she's got no genitals
She feels sensational
Cuz her mouth is electrical
Having fun with my girlfriend is always a sinch when she's pumped up the priority but
Squaring she used to be fun for me just she busted
My girlfriend is inflatable. Yeah, she's a real dog. She's made with silicon
My girlfriend is inflatable. Yeah, she's a real dog. She's made in Taiwan
I bought myself a sample
They all look identical
Panties are edible
It's too big. She's flammable
It was just a first date so you know how I felt she got
Rich and burns and started to melt
She used to be fun for me till she ignited
My girlfriend is inflatable
It happened I don't know
My girlfriend is inflatable
My girlfriend is inflatable
24 seconds left in the first penalty of the game against Toronto
Ballard just satirized until the line intercept. I'm gonna pretend this game never took place okay
I know that you're okay, too very you well
I mean in your case you just don't care. You just don't care enough. That's the problem not about what other people are doing
That about the right things other matter. I'm gonna be just like the emailers
You don't care about the right things. That's the thing I do. I do care about I care about the right thing
As voice had about that steanie wise man. He could play a my team anytime stevey
Yet Noah Luke Shen, but then again who is all right? Let's get back to the emails and quit with all this faggot talk
Please got all these macho guys out there listing all these sports guys who you know
Into football
That's a good pull question. What's the gayest sport of them all haven't you done that?
We did didn't like rugby diving or something with rugby
No, I'm not a hi diving. How can that be a gay sport?
I guess depending on what you're diving into but
Seriously, how can that be a gay sport? It's an initial solo. There there's no contact there a gay sport has to be contact between
Okay, people of the same gender team sport kind of a thing there like maybe water polo with those nice hats that they were
Whatever happens to happen to records landucker Keith wants to know what?
John records landucker he used to be a DJ in Chicago if my memory is correct John records landucker
What a name that is
It's like saying whatever happened to Lee Allen
Love these people are probably dead
I still can't find out about and of course the Wikipedia thing
You know, it's great and all the other stuff in googling and but there are a lot of people in this business including many
I've worked with I can't find out if they're alive or dead not that it makes all that much difference because one way or the other you know
Yeah, like Steve daily and Prescott Robinson
News guys at WNWS Steve daily worked at INZ before he came to WNWS and Prescott Robinson was a TV
It was near Channel 6 at one time I don't channel something and Del Frank. I'm pretty sure he died
I had him as a guest on my show. He was a great news guy with a great deep voice. Remember Del Frank? No, you don't know
I bet you somebody out there does remember these people they must maybe they'll call in I've got to go back to CNN and get off this
Damn game. Why the hell I mean was bad enough watching it live or watching it again
Even I'm not that much of a masochist
So guess where I'm gonna go for a two o'clock what button? Yeah, it was Paco. He's busy
He's got his French lessons this afternoon probably who don't ask why and he's got the gym gym class after that
He's busy. He's a busy guy. I say and I'm busy too. I'm busy with those machines
Oh, we can't understand how a man of your intellect can sit in front of a slot. I like it. I like it mind your own business
Those are some of my very favorite emails when they start telling me how to live my life
Oh into 20 hours a day at the slots. You're such a miserable unhappy man. Yeah, I'm not miserable at all
Lately things are just fine. You know what I mean lately? Oh, where fly? Everything's just fine
Here's one it doesn't say anything. It just says oh boy back at you
This is from your Jamaican listeners Paul and John Yamann it says
Well, that you know, that's the Jamaican vocabulary isn't it?
Not that I want to start picking on Jamaicans again
I'm not all that worried about Jamaican guys, but Jamaican women the imperious ones with the condescending attitudes
Oh, and I just and I don't like that whole speech pattern. We talked about that one time. I still forget what the excuses for that
I mean with like in Haiti. It's that French pit-toy
Right
Wawa Wawa Wawa Pituah Wawa Wawa Wawa. I don't know what that's all about
But would Jamaica British original British influence man. Yes
So I wonder what they speak like in the lesser Antilles
I don't know what's the the Dutch Antilles, isn't that right?
That's owned by the Dutch right and that's why there's all those Roster guys are running around peddling crap in the streets of Amsterdam
I'm adding see if it was me I would I would not only leave all the
Perfect places open I would double the number of them double the size of the red light district and I would outlaw the
Roster guys selling crap in the streets
Because who know got only knows what kind of crap?
They're selling well by selling but I'll let you know if it's anything. No, I'm not buying nothing. Okay. I'm not buying none
Spuggle it over in your belly button. Lanny says subject sour George
That this is just what I was just saying yeah, Neil George used to be so often happy before I left Florida
Did he get married says Lanny and Pellet yeah, hundred years ago
We got married and he's still upset about it. Uh-huh
Did he get married he used to be so often happy before I left Florida?
Well, maybe he's depressed that you left Lanny. Yeah, I'll let you back. You abandoned us with a California
Woo
Stephen Jersey says you were close sleepy hollow Ike about cranes Nemesis was brawn bones. I don't remember we
Uh, it's getting that far. Did we talk about his nemesis? We just talked about it about a frame
Right, and then I went into the thing about
Borscht right frame what's not how many Jews listening because I don't have any emails about borscht
Nothing I care. Oh no farves retiring again. Get the hankies out. Yeah bread farm retire retire
Just this time stick to it and get out of our face cry baby
Steve says 65 degrees in Jersey Jersey the Harley's in the driveway you guys
There's still the only thing worth listening to you're right about that and can you imagine how it stinks in Jersey now?
Wait till it gets 85 in the summertime man. It stinks bad in Jersey
Let's take a puke at what the temperature is here. Then we'll go back to the hockey game for a second
All right, not not
It's still plus eight and it's a murky and gonna be dripping and that's okay. It's gonna be 50
I'll take dripping in 50
As long as I'm not the one that's dripping
boy
The Lord sure invented a lot of bad stuff, you know what?
He made a lot of crap
Well, we got that much time on your hands. You know, he's got to be busy doing something keep busy be busy like Paco
I'm busy. Yeah, how about a cure for cancer God? Oh, I'm busy. I'm busy as checking out the morning line odds on the ball games
All those stupid jocks with their prayer breakfast and pointing at the sky. Oh the Lord. Thank God
I like that. How about the other team? How about God don't give a crap on that and that's because God's betting on whatever
See one thing about God. I bet he wins all his bets
You know, I bet you like the Humper all gamblers all most gamblers the Lydia
They'll say that they win about the great day. They don't tend to the days. They lose their ass like all abusers
Really what do you know about that about abusers about people who abuse things? Yeah, I do all about it
I'm gonna a joyce here pretty soon and I might be in the chair
I've been threatening to do this since I don't know just before we went on a year and I didn't do it then well
Go ahead and now we'll not be right now now no do it in the chair put the mic down between your legs
Yeah, nobody ever said we couldn't enjoy something here. It's right. Just no fart sound. Just try to keep it quiet
Which oh believe me this will be this will be very quiet
Very quiet
Here's one from a douche nozzle Chris I
Have indisputably figured out that crazy bitch with the 14 kids
Indisputably she is totally psychotically obsessed with Angelina Jolie
I saw her last night on an NBC show and beside the numerous kids like Jolie the crazy bitches
Obviously had numerous plastic surgeries. They showed pictures of her before the octoplets
Which have made her a dead ringer of Angelina?
Yes, the wing that's obviously injected lips are now the exact shape and sizes Angelina's as long as she doesn't have the same pink lips is
Payrod as well as the hairdo. It's f-ing freaky. Neogar do something save brand gelina. Thanks is douche nozzle Chris
douche nozzle well, at least we can say that anyway. I thought I think
Call up Joyce and see what they do
Don't know. I can't say that
Can't do it
Well during the break I'm gonna go I'm just giving you advanced warning
Okay, I'm gonna go take care of business. I'll load something up just in case. Oh this Henry Finkelstein is it
I'm just deduct deduct deducting it. I'm I'm just
Emptying it out of my face too much Henry
Too much see some of these people think that the email is just and you know this is
Just an on and on back and forth between me and them like the whole show is about me and them
That's right. We're having a back and forth conversation. No, that's not the way it works Jim and gets filled in New York now
I haven't read it yet
But I'm sure it's gonna be very negative and there because he's just a negative person
Because he lives near Buffalo and not even in Buffalo but like in getsville and even I don't know getsville. I never heard of it
We had a look on oh look at this Valentine's full suggestion the best way to describe my spouse or
significant other is and
It's got a hole is my best friend my soulmate ballbuster total bitch. There you go George. This is luck gorgeous hot fat blood sucker
Ball and chain fantastic or history or
Maybe and I don't have one I guess no God
No, God a significant utter
You got an insignificant other much a outwards got a significant utter very significant wow
Yeah, Jim in getsville says would you consider bad mint in the gay sport?
He must be thinking about that shuttlecock who doesn't
Neal remember a TV radio personality from the 70s named commander Tom Joel's he was Western New York favorite never heard of him
Take care and keep out the good work. No, I don't Jim get out of that part of the world get out of
Western New York
God what a toilet
You haven't lived till you've been to Buffalo raceway in Hamburg, New York then you've really seen it all the late Max Robinson is calling the races today with his deep centurion voice
I told you that story about how I did the show from there
Yeah, I'm trying to think of the guy who did the who actually did the show and I filled in from cuz he was out sick from Buffalo raceway and
with TV downs and
working at Wbt and but TV we were the network station
We were the network anchor for that thing
Stan Baron that was his name. Well, what a memory not Stan Verstein Stan Baron Stan Verstein still alive by the way
What a great guy what a guy?
You know Stan Verstein no
Well, you just don't know your harness racing mr. Lucky watch like I do the spokesman
He used to be the co-host with Dave Johnson once upon a time and then with Spencer Ross on racing from Yonkers and racing from Roosevelt back in the day
Those are the days baby
Here comes Jimmy Morone on the outside and Carmen Abatello comes sneaking sneaking through on the rail
Well, there was some business going on in those days man some real business not that there isn't business going on now
And what can only imagine with the economy the way it is now?
That with some of these harness racing people there's some real you know, I'm saying what he says well, they got a cash of bad
The person's keep going down or they're racing for peanuts for peanut shells and so they got a cash of bet even more desperately than ever
Bring back Dell Pledge or that's what I say you want a cash of bet. There's a guy
From how Indiana at least his brother Dell lived in how Indiana? You know, I lived right up the road from Dell Pledge
I mean from Dwayne Pledge
You didn't you didn't get the memo about the switching format. No, it is. Let's find out hockey harness racing in a homo talk really
that's fine. Yeah and
Come on, I'll bring in him back. I guess I'm gonna have to bone it up
No comment
Each week we bring in a hard-rate restaurant offers break out the pesos because this week tomorrow
The feature is the delicious on the border Mexican real in Cantina on the border brings you the experience of traditional Mexican
Favres and Mesquite grilled specialties served in a bold friendly atmosphere that's as colorful as the food
Start with a dose of ekis or margarita
Followed by a border sampler appetizer where the dramatic guacamole live made fresh to order table side table side as
So filson would say table side try the salad soups or combos you create like taco as flout as a wrench a lot as or create your own
Fahida grill they're big they're tasty and out of this world with flavor on the border is really unique with this is like the
Fahida chicken con queso a Mexican fondue with jack cheese
Mesquite grilled chicken poblano peppers and sauteed onions you get to sample all this tomorrow by the way
Yeah, I can't wait the carne asada and shrimp the smoky beef risco
Paritos so gigantic he need both hands to eat them. They are out of this world on the border
It's open for lunch and dinner with locations in Kendall, Miami, Lexington, Pembroke pines tomorrow at noon
Just log on to wqm.com and get one of those $50 certificates for just 25 bucks to on the border Mexican grill and
Canteen
Neil Roger
I like to relax by having their immagolar massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
For Madonna
Madonna
Madonna
I'm
Are getting a divorce a
Defea
She threw out his clothes and I thought
Cuz she's got her eyes on a ride and what's behind his life?
She's going to
Her
About it on the spm
Who knows she may start out with kids or have them join her and
She loves women
Madonna
Madonna the men are really one they want they want
Make what to you. Madonna Madonna Madonna a tongue like any one. He's gonna
Madonna
She truly misses her with and change
One fella just wasn't enough
She needs a paint furry hand cop and sex on buses and planes
She was too busy
For director hobby guy
Reggie
It wasn't an if-but-a-when
Just like her Mary's to Sean Penn who will be number three
Madonna
Madonna the men are really one they want
They want to make what to you Madonna Madonna Madonna a tongue like any one
He's gonna
Madonna Madonna and that just ends cold like that. Oh, yeah, gives me the willies the wet willies
Provo two at five sixty WQ a.m. Oh, there's a sky miles of Brian writings going on. Yeah, too bad
Here Neil Prescott Robinson used to be news anchor with the old channel six the collaters were WCIX no Schmidt
It was an independent station no kidding
Come on Vince. It give me a little bit of credit. I've been around a long long time it better run a block
I remember Dave game. I remember game you old Dave
Who's somebody old time I remember Ralph Redneck
Remember these people Jim Rosmer yeah barely you know who Jim Rosmer reminds me of man
I hate to say this because he was a good guy made him once
Seems like a good guy he reminds me of Jimmy syphilis
Okay, I mean they just I don't know why I don't think they look alike
But there was just something about him that reminds me although Jimmy you fair is another story Jimmy syphilidic
Now you talk about kissing ass you want to hear one this is great. Thanks Teresa
This came in at 1018 last night
Dear Neil let me tell you something about you you are wonderful and put on a great show every day
Despite your people not paying you enough and not getting the proper respect
You are the best and you make a lot of people's days whether you believe it or not. They'll let bad people get to you
Thanks to Lisa. I won't and I don't
How do you like that? That's sweet. Yes, it was you are wonderful. I'm wonderful. Anybody out there like me to bet I'm wonderful
Let's play Johnny mattress wonderful wonderful. I would but we can right
And then there's always Lawrence welcome wonderful. I want to fall
Lawrence a well there was some real talent. There's somewhere we never found it but
Let's see this game David says
Watch channel four news the other day. I'm so sorry
Is Michelle Gillin Joseph Gackie with long hair. She wouldn't be penis face, but
Something of face. Oh, I see
What happened a while sunshine? Oh, hopefully he's gone. Maybe maybe his hammerhacks fell off
Lisa Petrilo looks 100 the station does not need the broadcast in HD
From the I shouldn't talk Dave Cooperman
Coopman. How do you pronounce that KUP FERM in?
In Miami garden Cooperman. That's not right. Cooperman with an F. What a well. What a KUP FERM in Cooperman
I wonder if he sells cover for
Uh fluffer. Yeah fluffer nutter
Now was it just me what was that marshmallow stuff you see out of the jar with it with your pig like me with a
My brother who's dead from doing just that very liquid marshmallow
No, not liquid marshmallow marshmallow topping for like I see. Yeah. What was that called marshmallow topping?
Chiff no jiff his peanut butter right
There was like a marshmallow topping that you if you're real now
Why did you go on that thing about your brother dying from being fat? Why I didn't bring up that because he did
Now you're gonna blin. Oh and by the way speaking of realing to you. I don't want to interrupt you. Sorry
Mr. Radio I wish one thing for you. Okay. No, I want you to listen to me very carefully
One word it starts with the it ends in H death
That's what I wish for you
Oh, I told you I mentioned that the other day I got an email from Bill Calderson Alex yeah and
Early this morning I responded to him he was asking me if I had any old tapes of his father
And I do I have a whole carton for them, but of course they're down at the house in Florida. They're not here
And he's got a website. He's putting together a call to dot tv
Anyone to see if I had any stuff. So I'm next time I'm down there
I'm gonna get some of those cassettes together and I'll find a way to get him to uh this guy to Bill son
Well as I mentioned you earlier maybe on the year off. I don't remember where it's not important before the show somehow mr
Radio got involved with this I have no idea why or how
In fact, maybe mr. Radio is like
In my computer, you know what I mean you think he happy spying on my stuff. Oh
Because how else would he've gotten in touch with Alex Calder?
So he what he does
He forwards to me the email he got from Alex. Can you or George help Alex out? We don't need your help mr
Radio I've already gotten involved in touch with him and we're working it out
Can you or George help Alex on like we need you to be the pimple mr. Radio you should only croco wicked death
I hate you whoever you are and
And probably is the real mr. Radio the one that's is on my space or whatever
Go the hell away get lost already okay with your obsession
Even people who never worked in a business like Bill called his son right away. He's a suddenly involved with him somehow
mr. Radio you are
scum you are the lowest I wouldn't surprise me if he's like al Rogers
Right what is shock you? No not at all just a hopeless groupie grope
God almighty get a life gotten player Russian roulette gone play in traffic
Go out and lay naked in the middle of i95 in the middle of the afternoon rush hour get out of my face
You grotesque piece of doodoo
In fact, I just dropped in the bowl better stuff than you
David oh fluff is that what it's called fluff the marshmallow stuff okay. Yeah
Oh boy, I think and I think I think when you made peanut butter and fluff sandwiches called a fluffer and other sandwich
Am I right? I don't know. I don't think I've never probably before your time never made a fluffer nutter
Well, you better I'm telling him and it's good stuff
I don't like peanut butter all that much especially that with all the salt salt manella going around
Just say no just say no to what peanuts what about my stickers bars
I'm loaded with peanuts. Yeah, they are
There's nothing like a delicious penis bar peanut bar
Brandon says now see one thing about Brandon when he sends stuff
It's useful
Yeah, you know, I mean he doesn't just send stuff just because he's aboard the death and just wants to you know complain
like that
He says if you go to 440.com and has a relatively detailed list of people in the radio business from about
1950 until a bit a present
It lists all the stations they worked at and some cases if they're dead or alive and some even with contact information
It's not a hundred percent complete, but it does help you in case you're looking for somebody thanks Brandon
400 or 440.com. I'm gonna during the break during this next break
I'm gonna look it up
Okay, and why does pay for all the pay off
Reids use pink lipstick
What kind of a guy especially an athlete a guy supposed to be so macho and making millions and millions and millions of dollars
Why is he wear lipstick nobody's lips are that pink naturally okay? I'm sorry the word darker colors like that's right
Where's it like you know shartruss or something would be nice
Pink lipstick that is so fake. Hey, yeah
My god
Oishmoiju is back again chronic chronic, but not like mr. Radio though
Mr. Radio I'm gonna get a search party. I'm gonna find where you are. We're gonna get us a stalker
I read verse coming like fry your ass
It says the slot machines are the only place I ever wanted to die. I'm says Oishmoij
For me Vegas was the best one. It came to payouts
The worst was Harrison New Orleans followed by Panama Canal Zone
Panama Canal Zone. Can you imagine going to Panama? I'll pass
I'm gonna go gambling or where you go in all Panama City the
Panama City Florida
Puerto Rico and Reno I did good in Reno. I went there once by accident. I told her that story didn't I?
I was on vacation. I was in Sacramento and I was trying to drive to somewhere and
I wanted driving to Reno through the mountains. I almost drove off the edge of the earth
There's a place in the mountains where you drive and you have to come to a complete stop and make a left turn
If you're going a little bit too fast forget about it
You just have to come to a complete stop and then like make a hard left
One thing for sure once you park your ass in front of one of those machines
It's hard to leave unless you go broke
Well, let me tell you this Oishmoij
That's one of the worst mistakes people make feeding a dead machine
Never feed a dead machine man. Oh, I'm gonna crack through this baby. Yeah crack this
You're gonna crack. All right
The only crack you're gonna have is your
Crack them right
Don't feed a dead machine thinking you're gonna bust it open
Right, right George knows that that's right. Were you drudge back in?
Sports speakers for radio will give you hours of fun every day as you listen to this half-hour premium price CD
Collection of someone else's misery
He's out of here and sports moopers for radio has much more than baseball you get football players
Rimming the wrong direction. Oh somebody check his compass. Oh
He players
Somebody give those guys some boot skates. Oh
Govers hitting the wrong ball
And either one of those balls was a misdeter even soccer players running into each other
Don't they start?
So what are you waiting for don't waste time considering this purchase order sports boopers for radio right now
Code one nine hundred tall call that's one nine hundred tall call operators is chanting by to keep you on the phone as long as possible
12 16 at 560 always that last sound there. It's our little uh, I don't know gashes to me
Maybe gashes play. Yeah good friends. So there's 440 dot the comm
Uh, I don't know it's confusing to me because you type in a name and that goes to all kinds of um
I in fact Gary Bruce came up on here from somewhere in Vermont. That'd be a good place for him
Gary the goose I look for Prescott Robinson and I couldn't to find him
Radio broadcasting history and radio people rain Myers. I don't care about Ray Myers
I typed in WNWS and I don't I don't see you know of all the stations that have been around and that I worked at
The one station that seems to have faded into oblivion is WNWS
Which of course was 790 which used to be WFUN
And then of course now it's um
Huh not the ticket stick it to the ticket now it's that crap
Why do you think that is? I don't know
I mean look at all the people who work there surely tweeters and Alice Rantell and yours truly and mr. Ego
Steve O. Steve Reno Kane with all that talent and Barbara's Dudley and Jerry Witsner
After he would drive down the Ho Chi Minh trail
Hi Jerry. It's shall be checking in those were the days man. We had gigantic big numbers
I mean there are you know the average demographic was death plus 20 but nevertheless we had gigantic ratings
WNWS
And Tom jicke of course once wrote that piece about the late Rick Casper
A lot of lazy people in this world, you know what?
Rick Casper my ass
I wonder if you google dick Casper if you google it right yeah right away
His real name was Richard Rose by the way didn't know that no
What you do now? Jewish
I so many Jews
I'm googling okay
I'll I computer world's Google while you google
You know
Dick Casper radio you always have to type in like radio or whatever the category is right otherwise it gives you all these people that's right
Your mom did Casper former head of Bartel's radio station. That's the guy
Cecil Havtell was one of the original yadi yadi yadi
Dick Casper will be calling to invite your participation yadi yadi yadi
Dick Casper and Buzz Bennett
Void by the exhilaration of having scored good ratings compared to
You are
Conspired to confront Bartel radio corporate and
Demand well whatever goes on
These are just the sharp blurbs you get on the google you know
Mm-hmm
Dick Casper was the general manager
We were in that round building on us on an Oakland Park
Expecting the unexpected recession strategies for radio. What does that mean? I don't know
Who are these pictures of from the oh eight Hispanic radio conference wow
Wow
Who are these people well anyway, I can't do this while we're on here. I can but
You don't want to and well it loses a little something in translation, you know, yeah a little
Neil how much time or money determines a dead machine man
Well, that depends on how much money you got
How much money you wanted no how long you willing that's right. It's all relevant to get the message
It's dead as a door now, right? I mean you play a machine for 10 15 20 minutes half an hour
And it just isn't paying anything maybe an occasional cherry or something like that. I think I'm thinking a wheel of fortune
A lot of people out there don't play wheel of fortune. So what do they know quick hit that's not bad. I like that just fine
But if you play and you just keep losing and how long you're gonna sit there keep feeding it when I'm waiting for a miracle
And then what's gonna happen is what some bastard out there is gonna get up thinking the machine was dead
And as always happens like that Chinese woman did to me yesterday
Somebody will come along put it in a $20 bill headed a couple of times and get two three grand online
Oh Neil told me to leave the machine. It was dead. I didn't tell anything
Use your own judgment. Okay, if you have any
Another right wing conspiracy in Washington question mark. What is this about?
Oh
About clear channel that this oh this is so boring. It's radio crap
There's anything I can think of that's more boring than radio remember WGBS Arnie Warren somebody says yeah, I remember he sucked
And Lynn Russell said the most professional person on the air in Miami is Arnie Warren
Lynn Russell
Uncle Neil I'm trying to learn some years to be cool like you. I know
Puchus means ass, but is my spelling correct
Just a boy try to be a hipster Hebrew like you oh douche nozzle Chris go away you bug me
Oh, Pastor Paul the fake pastor hello, sir
Not as that give you a clue as who this is yeah, sir
You call this a radio show sir. Yeah
It says when you click on the name of the person will take you to a list of the stations they worked at says branded wrong
I tried it branded. I mean thanks for the link, but oh, I don't know
How come nobody remembers WNWS?
I mean granted all those people who listen back then are dead. I'm sure of that. Yeah, that's maybe an age was already dead
Yeah, you don't remember that station do you double just news what?
Remember the snooze crews right? Yeah, of course. We're at iod. I work them. I bought it
Maybe we can have the snooze crews part two
For who's for us for the ticket for both
We can just have a higher little um
Yeah, a little mini bus. We'll have a cruise for two's go across the street and back you know like in circles
Circling island there
Go across to the ticket and come back to QA and
The snooze the death cruise
I wasn't that morphe saying they're going to put a tombstone on our front lawn. Yeah, listen. We'll sell it. Go ahead. We'll sell it
Pastor Paul says hateful man. Hello, sir
Everyone is sick of your whining and complaining
Why don't you face the truth for once admit that you were a miserable hateful queen
How can you be happy with your lonely pathetic life? I'd love to know how you can be so happy
Wasting all your money while sitting in front of a slot machine all day
And what is so enjoyable about having a dirty Mexican houseboys only using you for your money
Sir, you really need Jesus Christ in your life and if you want I can send you a Bible so you can learn to remove the hate from your life
And perhaps put an end to your gay homosexual ways past your Paul
Yeah, sir
See at least that John Z. T. R. Garley's his fake emails were very entertaining and pretty clever
I mean over the top which is a giveaway, but nevertheless pretty clever as opposed to this well sir
Jesus this sir
Jesus my ass, okay
Take your Jesus. Be us and jam it
Here's one about last night's dream while sure got a lot of emails all I think they're finally catching on this thing finally finally grew like topsy, you know what I mean
Started out good and it kind of like went into a lull there
And now all of a sudden every day there's like eight million emails. That's the idea. Neil at Neil Rogers.com. Keep him coming
Just who will Arnie Warren died last year? Well, it's gonna happen to the best of us. Okay. He's stunk. He sucked
Oh, here's a list of all stations passed in prison. I mean here's a link from Brandon good now we can make some progress
W. A. one a
Jerry Sullivan-work there didn't he just croak. Yeah, Chris Gabel Ray-Miers
W. A. M. E. Waxi
Gary Blau. Kenny Lee
Micron Erie
That's original Waxi 105.9 Rick Shaw Rob Sidney will be young Greg Vidal didn't even make the cut. They don't even list him on there
Oh, God. Yeah, what does that tend to hate you Greg they hate you they despise you
See he didn't just have an inferiority complex Greg Vidal. He was inferior. I see
W. B. G. G Miami
Courtney Young
W. B. S. S. the bus remember the bus. No that was love 94 before became love 94 the bus. That was like an esoteric bunch of crap
W. C. J. X. Stewart Elliott. Oh boy Stewart Elliott one on Nudnik
W. C. K. O. W. C. K. R. Johnny Midnight Rick Shaw and Rob Young W. C. Care that was before I. O. D. W. D. N. A. Joe Cassara didn't bind my quirk at W. D. N. A.
W. D. R. W. F. L. C. Alan Burke Lisa Campbell Johnny dark Johnny Dolan Greg Fadek lead you let Randy Martin lead you let dead W. F. L.
Miami Norm Kent. Oh my God W F T L Miami for a lot of the Michael O'Shae and Alice Rantel W F U N. It's got one of Johnny and many other people
Danny dark was Danny dark I don't know W. G. V. S. G. M. A. W. G. M. A. was in Hollywood but it says here via Hollywood
Y 100 Don Cox work there Eric Rhodes and a thousand other people Bill Tanner what
W. I. N. Z. And it doesn't list me boy they are nasty Bill Calder Johnny Knox Stan major Stan
major gets listed but not yours truly W. I. N. Z. Rick Shaw Alice Rantel
Alice Rantel never worked at W. I. N. C. I don't think
Wow W. I. O. D. I better be on there not not on there
Whoever put this list together hate it this must be that the right wing David Citron guy
W. K. A. T. I. G. listed on there no Michael Lavigne got listed though
Dan Chandler Ron Owens Lee Vogel Roba Young
Well where else did I work am I am I on this list anywhere
I don't know what about Q. I. M. W. N. W. S. not on there Alan Michaels Alice Rantel Rick Stone
A. S. Young thanks Brandon for sending me a thing that totally shines like I don't exist I never lived
Oh I'm on Q. I. M. though I'm on there along with eight million other people wow
Jerry Goodwin Jerry Goodwin who later worked at W. K. N. R. D. Troy Keener 13. He knows that no
Is this his boring as I think it is I don't yes it is it is
Is it oh I don't care Zeta I'm not on there either lead Gillette's on there he was on he was on Zeta for about two weeks
He's dead
Neil Murzky Peter Moon Robin Martin Colonel St James Rick Edwards this list is so incomplete and so bad
Radio broadcast history my ass in Miami that site blows Brandon
Sorry, I mean you know nothing's perfect. He's a good guy but that list blows and it's got the same logo is that horrible David Citron the list
right wing guy
Right's all about all the right wingers who are on here and like I don't exist. That's all right. I'm still doing okay
Hey check still show up. Yeah
1227 at 560 W. K. Now what they used to be but nevertheless what is you know
Right and all depends on what is is
I Chris Matthews welcome to hotpot on i may send be safe
I get so much fiddle around my food hole I could water the grass quite
Possibly from all those years of waking for tip on Neil crazy
You know the possible reason why saliva glands are all out of whack
May possibly be because I drink scotch from a dog's bowl
Traveling from too many years of waking for tip on Neil big told that wasn't good enough smart enough
It's skinny enough plus I got deal with like billow rightly take it shot to me every night
I probably would have watched greatest minds
You know my wear it in a sneeze shield the reason I know that people finish their answers because I can't hear what they're saying
My ears that I didn't even hooked up the constant swishing of saliva in my mouth sounds like the ocean
The only time I truly feel comfortable is when we take hardball out on the road on MSNBC
That way I can try to convince co-ed to come back to my hotel room
That is before they realize in order to kiss me and get close to my mouth
They have to be wearing a mask and a snorkel many people don't realize John the case up in from the same melody
But the 80 saliva glands burned closed
Of barma din just one of the many varied and stunning differences we like to point out here on MSNBC
Here's one more important fact you should realize before you go to the voting booth
They have different hair color. I'm Chris Matthews play a hot bar. I miss a mistake
1234 the dolls have 34 points see that's the Obama bounce
Yeah
If I knew today was my last day on earth I would blank 249 votes. Yeah, I would blank
I blanked about 20 minutes ago for a successfully by the court
It was spend the day having sex 73
Spend a quiet day with my family 58 do something. I've always been afraid to try 28
Run up all my credit cards to the max 27 eat everything that I've been avoiding for years 15 like marshmallow fluff
That's what the Paul and the cue says marshmallow fluff
Is what that's called okay
Uh barge into my boss's office and pee on his desk 14
Go to Disney World 11 spend the day in church 10. Oh happy day. Howl-aloo
Uh
Stand bet all day five confess my love to somebody five make amends with friends who have fallen away five
Make amends with friends. Oh
men's amends
With my friends
That by the way Brandon that things blows
I finally found me on there and the only station I've ever worked at in the businesses this one
According to that list
Not only is the list incomplete. It's insulting in grotesque and a piece of turd a piece of nasty
Smelly discolored turd
From something not of human
Origins I say yes from a different species species
Now why people send me things twice if I don't get to it right away. It's a four hour show relax. Okay. It's like
Oh, please read this what remember the facts machine if you didn't read it right away that oh yeah, listen
I'm gonna copy yeah
Last night's dream from snooki
Hmm
Neo god I had a dream last night that you were pop a smurf
Running around with your shorts
Hat and white beard George was there too. He was grouchy smurf no matter what you said or suggest
He was always against your principle. That's right
In my dream
Smurf was something the female surf
Smurfed here too. What is it? Smurfed smurfed. She was Lucy Lopez
Gargamel strangely took different forms gargamel gargamel gargamel gargamel
Well, whenever he's something that would be like listerine with caramel gargamel
Sure have to taste better than that crap taste now
Uh gargamel strangely took different forms including the beesleys jolly to enjoy
The dream was weird but it left me with a message. Neil god is pop a smurf
He's the village chief. He's a wild or wise old furry smurf who tries as much as he can to stop the smurf section
My crude humans now. I like crude humans
Being an experienced alchemist he often saves the smurf from danger using his knowledge and magic wand and spreads it through the radio frequencies
Thanks pop a smurf that that oh my god
They had a sin that twice to make sure I would read it even once
Good galley miss Molly
That is caca
Or his mad dog would say
caca
Peter Baum says
Peter Tampa
While visiting one of my college buddies in Minneapolis in the 70s his mother served borscht with some kind of whipped cream on top of it
I thought I was gonna gag to be polite
I tried to eat it but a girl to convince about a third of it has to be the most disgusting food in the world
Amen, Peter Tampa next to tongue and head cheese
Oh, good galley miss Molly the crap that people eat
The crap that people put in their mouths
Well
Shirley Yon you're good friend from a Gulfstream
Emails yeah
And she says she gets some advice on gambling do whatever you want as long as you can afford to do it
There you go
Friday the 13th has always been a lucky day for me
I know George won't be there but if I get him a winning ticket I'll give it to him at his next appearance
Thank you, Shirley. How do you like that? Shirley is your friend. She's your friend. She's sweet
And she's very nice
And she's gonna give you a ticket can't wait
Oh, there's Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska. It's been shuddling back and forth on on many of those items
knowing what some
individuals
About a beep but a boop about a lot of double talk as usual a lot of like you know, yeah games people play
Give me some of that money honey. I want some of that money. I mean when you're dealing with like you know, trillions of dollars
Everybody wants their peace. You know, I'm saying. Yeah, what do you say? You want like a little piece? Yes, I do
I'd like a little piece. I'd like a little something something. I can have me a real good time
I would buy for the next till I croak. Oh, that's not what I mean. What when you said peace
I was thinking I know what you were thinking I was thinking it feels like fire. I think the whole city is burning down
Wouldn't that be something and I'm too old and
fragile like shut down all those double flights of steers, you know
Really you don't have like a fire escape like a shoot. So they got it. They got steers
Couple of times during those phony fire alarms. I went down all those flights as soon
Then you get to the bottom and there's a door that leads you outside
There's no way to get like into the lobby. You have to go around around the building and then back in the front
Leads you outside
Good
Not if it's like the 10th of December. It's like minus 85, you know, Celsius better than burn it up in it
I don't know extreme hot extreme cool where your rubbers pick your poison
You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again
Wonderful
Oh
That's
I'm cutting command because
I'm a victim of
recession
Buying from this
Countless stores
And I don't know if I'll get through it
Oh, no, I spend too much
I bounce by checks this month
There goes my credit rating.
I thought I had more in my savings.
Fuck third man!
I'll take you out to lunch if you buy.
It's a softy economy.
I'm saving nickels and quarters.
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession.
Buying from his counts.
It is so hard.
Whoever puts a trip cue on Edbaby, man, sure.
Let the long, long pause.
Not me.
Not me. I didn't put that in there.
Not me. I didn't do it.
David Citron is Mr. Radio.
That name probably isn't familiar to you.
He is a self-appointed expert on radio around the country and around, especially South Florida.
He has this stupid ass website.
It's a little around record crap.
He's also got this site about Urban Dictionary.
I like Erhole.
He's got definitions of Urban Dictionary.
Not this one.
You've feminism for...
Well, I can't say it.
Erhole.
Frickment, used by conservative talk show is Dick Ferrell on WPBR talk radio and West Palm Beach.
Also used the times in South Florida radio news with credit to Ferrell.
These move on.org people are real Erholes.
Posted by David Citron, July 15, 2005.
Camed.
Subject to ridicule by right-wing South Florida talk show Steve Kane on WWNN.
Steve Kane and Brian Craig came to all callers who didn't agree with their evangelistic Republican views rights.
David Citron, February 12, 2004.
So he likes to write about people that nobody listens to.
People who either have bins or never wases like that.
Erhole and Camed.
Oh, I think David Citron is Mr. Radio.
And by the way, Mr. Radio never came back again after that crap about Alice Carter like I needed him to be the pimp.
The intermediary, he'll be back.
He is the most evil of the easy, more evil and jolly joe bill.
And that's saying I'm out full.
Yeah, go get something to eat.
Too bad I don't have like a leftover, a leftover slice of pizza.
Oh, for me!
From dinner last night.
I don't... I don't think I have anything in the fridge here.
I don't even know weenie.
Oh, you know what I got?
What?
I got some...
Michelin is frozen spaghetti bowl and AC.
Okay.
Michael Avalon.
You microwave that stuff?
Yeah, you're Nukid.
Sounds good.
Five minutes, four and a half minutes.
And then what I do is I put a whole bunch of parmesan cheese as Mr. Ego would say.
That's the thing there.
And then I Nukid for another minute.
So the cheese gets all goopy throughout the pasta, you know?
Not the shaky stuff in the green can.
Not in the green can, not craft.
But like the real shredded stuff that you get in the package, like sardinzo or something?
No.
In a can.
It smells like feet.
It smells like feet?
That can drive...
It does not smell like feet.
It smells like parmesan cheese.
It smells like fresh grated right in that room.
Okay.
That guy that sent me that thing about room, that it was so full of crap.
Oh, there's...
This is good food. Yeah, all right.
Whatever you say.
You eat Franco-Americans spaghetti and I'll go to Rome, okay?
Slob.
He probably likes beef oroni too.
Although I do like it with Swiss cheese melted in it.
I told you that.
Yeah.
That goes back. You know how many years that goes back like 35 years with me?
When I was really...
When I worked in West Palm, at JNO in 1975, I had a convenience store right nearby my place.
I would drive over there and what I would always get would be like a can of beef oroni or...
Or, you know, worship or already something.
And some ice cream.
Spaghetti and ice cream.
Those I'm sure are the two things I'm allergic to.
Have them to the first of both carbs. Have you do the killer carbs for the ice cream on your spaghetti?
Oh, that's a hell of an idea.
See, I got to blow my nose.
So, so during the break, I'm going to go in and put on some...
That'll be my lunch. What do you think?
Sounds fine. I got to wait for the fact.
Oh.
Kevin says I also lived in East Lansing, Michigan 1961 and 2002.
I was there. I was seven. My dad was getting his masters.
You could hear the crowd from our house when the Spartans played Notre Dame.
I also lived in Omaha in the 70s and 80s.
I'm glad you mentioned some of the places like Mr. Seas. I love the Runsahud.
And Joe Tessie's Carp Sandwich was fantastic.
I never heard of Runsahud or Joe Tessie's. Mr. Seas was great and Caniglio's.
Or Caciglio, something like that. They had great restaurants in Omaha.
That real great Midwestern meat.
You know, it's where they slatter all them cattle. They kill the cows.
Yeah. You think the cows know they can smell the death, right?
I don't know. I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I don't think it's going to be good.
Go ask your cow. Go ask Oprah.
I live in Broward now as it did briefly in the 70s and we'll never go back to the cold.
It will have to come to me like it did today, the cold.
Keep up the good work and keep slamming something.
I can't it deserves it.
Something if I what if I keep slamming something just peons that run these people.
Why just keep slamming it? I'm slamming it right against the wall right now.
The peons that run these Pipschkeweak towns beaches and radio stations have given the store away.
Amen, Kevin. You got your thumb on it.
Now, I think I'm going to give it to you for like about 20 seconds.
Well, first I'm going to blow my nose.
Oh, yeah.
I know it's changed a season, man. Everybody's sneezing and pleasing.
Change a season, ain't you sneezing?
And squeezing for no good reason. Right.
Okay, so I'm going to do it. Pop out of those open. I'm going to tear the corner open.
Well, you can't wait for the break. No, I'm going to get it.
It's four and a half minutes. I'm timing out so it'll be done during the break.
Okay, but then you can't eat it on the air. Sure I can.
Okay, I don't care. It'll be cooling off of that.
I don't want to eat it when it's like boiling hot.
All right.
Burn my tongue. They didn't have to do the one or two. I can go to a woodbine early.
Go ahead.
Okay, I'll be right back.
Yeah, yeah. Just 20 minutes.
I don't have a 20 minute monologue all locked and loaded.
Okay, it's cooking fun. It's nookin.
What I have is trestella, hundred percent Parmesan Graded Cheese, trestella.
Okay, now doesn't that meet with your approval? Doesn't that sound?
No, I don't like the fried stuff. I like the fresh one.
It's moist or shredded and I like that bag with that.
I don't know what you're talking about. That's not fresh in the bag.
That's right.
I get that once in a while.
That dried can shaky stuff.
Hmm. I just looked some off the shaker.
Got to be upwind from that crap.
What?
Running like this smell of it at the table.
Hmm. Smells just like trestella Parmesan cheese Parmesan.
It's like funky feet.
I wonder where Mr. Rico gets his three meals now that Burton jacks as long since
I've been this. Don't you wonder about that?
No.
Here's one from Carlos.
His needle couldn't email you yesterday during the day, but the winner for the
overplayed song is I will survive by Gloria Gainer.
Today it gets played like it was the only good disco song ever made.
Disco was great.
I don't know. I like crap about disco sucks.
That's because it was so, you know, I guess I don't know.
Oh, you know how people are.
Yeah.
Disco sucks.
And then there was a what's his name in Chicago burned all the disco records at
White Talks Park.
Was it still a Komisky Park back in the day?
I don't know.
Oh my god.
Here's a picture of Bill Calder and Larry King.
Wow. Where the hell did he get that two pictures of Bill and Larry?
And by the way, Bill Calder was the one that made Larry King funny on his show when he was doing seven of
Midnight on IOD 100 years ago.
Should I forward this to you?
If you want, I won't be able to open it until whenever.
Why?
Oh, you can't open it now?
My computer is undergoing surgery.
It's still like they didn't fix it yet.
Timmy is fixing it as we speak.
If you've ever watched a computer being overhauled, it doesn't take, you know, five minutes.
Here's one that says on the way to work, I switched over to IOD.
I couldn't take anymore.
Joe was talking about a rod.
Jimmy and his sidekick were talking about Leonardo DiCaprio.
Jimmy said that Leo was just not much enough for some roles in action movies.
His sidekick told him that Leo has been dating a supermodel.
Jimmy responded, oh, he dates women.
Talk about the cattle talk about calling the kettle pink.
Love your show, never miss him in a Georgia school to say, or he in South Miami.
The cattle calling the pot pink.
Jimmy Sifilas picking on Leo.
I guarantee you it's a hell of a lot more marcher than you are, Jimmy Sifiletic.
And you don't got Sifilas either.
Well, it's a cold day in hell that I have to stick up for Leo DiCaprio.
Wow.
Jimmy Sifiletic picking on Leo.
Talking about somebody not being butch.
Hey, Jimmy, you're fair.
You think you're fooling somebody?
Here's Jerry's as I check that list on 440.
A Paul Delayed Great Frankie Frankie Crocker is also not on list.
Who the hell's that?
Is he related to Alta Crocker?
I don't know.
Well, I'm supposed to know who that is.
Frankie Crocker, late and great.
Good God.
You got to be schmitten me.
Eric G. in Naples says, I had an email for you about a poll, similar to this.
I was going to pass along to you, but you beat me to it.
I know it's too little and too late now, but any Bob Seagrissong is just a word.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
I'm going to play it all the time.
Les ains taken, Les ains taken.
Les ains taken.
Les ains taken, Les ains taken, Les ains taken.
Les ains taken, Les ains taken, Les ains taken, Les ains taken, Let go of the Gut Profile.
Absolutely.
Well, that pasta is hot.
It's pretty good too.
Oh, yeah, real connoisseur of a tiny food.
He eats pasta out of a box.
Hey, listen, I'm not in Rome, man.
Right.
Oh, you don't have to go out of Rome.
I got the ingredients everywhere.
What in Rome do the Romans do?
That's what you said.
I did.
Many times.
Nevertheless, this isn't bad.
Mika-Lena.
You'll reach his crap out of a box.
Never heard of it, no.
You never heard of Mika-Lena?
I don't think so.
Come on.
Oh, look for it.
You never heard of Mika-Lena frozen Italian foods?
What are you?
Like some go-
I don't see the shopping.
And, you know, we go to Italian restaurants or we order out.
Do you do?
I have somebody that cooks.
Do you?
Yeah.
Does she cook to order?
Sometimes, yeah.
By the way, I'm eating as close to the mic as I can to make a lot of
sloping disgusting stuff.
So that the great graduate of the etiquette school can send me another
instruction how to eat.
You can spit a lot of food into the microphone there, too, so that it's okay.
How does it smell?
Mmm.
Cheesy.
Yeah.
Trace Stella, baby.
That's Italian.
Anybody who tells me that they can find a place that's got Italian food like in Rome?
I know they're either a liar or their taste is in their torres.
Torres.
See, I said that with the mouthful of pasta.
Torres.
Mmm.
Wait until you hear this.
Okay.
From Bart.
This is hysterical.
This is another way of saying there's so many ways of saying it and our audience
believe you me.
They've discovered just about every way they're supposed to say it.
Bart says, hi there.
Can you tell us more about you?
No.
No.
I'm a big fan of you.
But I noticed you never talk about your personal life.
The only one you talk about is Paco.
Please make it.
It makes the show more fun to listen to.
And I think all listeners would enjoy it a lot.
Please, Neil, give us this gift to the fans.
Talk more about you.
At least lie about it.
Please.
I'm tired of the machine talk and casino slot machines.
How much machine talk do I do on this show?
Pretty damn little if you ask me.
Yeah, well, they don't like it.
No, that got Bart.
Bart, don't lie to me.
Well, guess what, Bart?
The answer is no.
Mind your own business.
Get your own life.
Hmm.
Get your own pasta.
Well, this is a good idea.
It's better than going and getting a big snickers bar with almonds across the street before I go to woodbite.
Right?
Right.
There you go.
Get a machine talk and casino slot machines.
Please, it makes the show more fun to listen to.
Yeah, let's hear about cruising in the 60s and 70s.
Let's talk about that.
You want to know?
Do you know anybody who does a show who goes on the air and talks about their personal life more than we do?
Nobody.
Uh-huh.
Nobody.
I mean, we keep very little back only because that would be, you know, life destroying stuff.
Other people's mostly.
Right.
Pax, it's like my unofficial Mexican grandson, okay?
Unofficial, not adopted, but could be.
And that's up.
Does that tell you all you need to know?
Well, I'll ask Bart if he wants to know more.
Yeah, and get in touch with Bart.
In fact, get Mr. Radio to get in touch with Bart.
He can be the intermediary again since he's in touch with Alex Carter.
Here it.
I hear it.
They're coming to get Bart.
Here's the email from Fred Souter.
It's long and it's great.
Fred Souter, by the way, is it got we used to work with a diode 100 years ago?
Subject.
Annamaria, Tomahawk.
Hey, Neil.
So I know I'm a bit behind on this material, but I heard the fake Larry King say that I was going out with Annamaria T.
My friend New York City Day gave me the heads up on this one.
Oh, he's friends with New York City Day.
I thought you said Fred was a good guy.
Fred says I was watching Obama's town hall meeting in Indiana at the time.
He wasn't listening.
Can't say I ever had the pleasure, but we did have many late night incense burning sessions when we crossed air shifts on the coast on Friday nights.
Make of that what you will.
Either way, Annamaria is a sweetheart, and I'm sure anyone who worked with her at the time would agree, including George.
That's right.
You guys were pretty tight.
Am I right?
We were good friends.
Pretty tight.
You may make up whatever you want.
That doesn't say anything.
You've always said stuff.
You've always made stuff up.
You have to ask for anybody else.
If you hear that I had a conversation with a woman, you always say that we're doing each other.
So just keep on going.
Please.
When did I ever say you were doing her?
Often.
I said you would have liked to have done her.
No, you said that we had this thing.
Go ahead and you did.
Yeah, you've said that.
You've said it all the time.
No.
Oh.
Said depressing?
No.
Okay, good.
It goes on.
Truth be told though, I'm happily married up here in Gainesville with a two-year-old son and a daughter due to be born next month.
Nice going, Fred.
This town lures you up here with the free-wheeling babes and drugs.
Then you find it's really hard to leave due to its dissimilarity to South Florida.
No palm-edific expressway, 595 or Golden Glades interchange.
Working for the public defender up here at my house is a five-minute drive from both the company Chail.
And my office downtown.
So I couldn't be happier traffic-wise.
Now you understand when I'm saying even though I'm eating with my...
I'm not a word of it.
Might as well be Chinese.
Good.
That's the idea.
I can't believe they'd never heard of Michelina frozen foods.
Maybe if I saw it.
It's in a box.
It's in a little carton.
All right.
You never nuked any kind of frozen food in a carton?
Yeah.
So when I said so like a revolutionary...
Stofras?
Stofras, yeah.
Whatever.
Yeah, a nuked frozen food in a carton.
I like stofras.
I heard them red.
Stuff peppers.
Maybe if I saw it.
And stofras lasagna.
What you have to cook extra long so it makes the top crisp.
Don't wear it like almost burnt, you know?
You're talking with your mouth full, Rodgers.
It's disgusting.
You're crude.
I am.
I'm crude.
I'm a fat old slob.
You don't like it?
Too bad.
I don't come on here with some pretentious horse crap.
By the way, there are some fascist bastards up here trying to remove transgenders from having
equal rights in our city ordinances.
They actually got enough petitions to get this hate legislation on the ballot here for the
March 24 election.
Just vote no.
Other than that, I'm happy to have a one hour show on our low-power radio station where
I play an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our times.
That's great.
Who wouldn't want to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time?
Then go for it.
That's a great scene.
That movie is so good.
Anybody who doesn't like the movie network is an idiot.
It's probably too stupid to understand it.
When you think?
I imagine.
Like Josh Cordis.
You pick it up.
You wait waiting for the special effects.
Then it says who could this fake Larry can be?
My three wild ass guesses picking from our WID co-workers.
My buddies Steven J. Gray, Sam from engineering or Wayne the board op.
Remember Wayne?
Yeah, what about him?
Wayne is not sending you cranky meals.
I didn't know that.
Because I know Wayne and he doesn't do those kinds of things.
If he wanted to say something, he would send us a real email.
Really?
Really?
I'm looking for someone.
I don't know who these people are, who this person is.
I always know who they aren't.
Today is supposed to be the day they all come out of the clouds.
They don't have the cajon's like John ZTR, who unmatched his eight million phony identities.
They don't have the ball.
Steven J. Gray?
Maybe.
They talk about him like he was some kind of a significant person.
I believe remember who the hell that is.
Where you go?
He did traffic for walls, newscasts, miscellaneous things.
I think he's on the last I heard, the last job that I heard him on was doing the Metro traffic thing.
Let's see if any of them own up to it if I call them out on it.
Says Fred.
And closing one to thank you and George Broth for the kind words.
You're my favorite midget, spick, and atheist figure respectively in the whole wide world.
Signed quasi-moto on a bad day for Ed Souter, music director, WGOT, LP, 94.7 FM,
Gainesville Community Radio.
Nice to know Fred's doing good.
He's a good guy.
Looks like death boil over, but he's a good guy.
Yes he is.
I really felt bad about that.
I wouldn't repeat that.
I suckered you in to think I really felt bad.
I didn't think for a minute that you really felt bad.
Yeah, you didn't.
You believed it.
No, I didn't.
Don't you feel bad?
You call me a hard ass all the time.
Nobody's like that.
Don't you feel bad that I'm eating on the air, making guttable sound, smacking sounds?
No, I feel bad that you left that cookie on the back.
Talking about peppercorn shosh.
No.
Pepper-Goran shosh.
Mr. Egos, the only guy in the world who eats ice cream with peppercorn sauce.
By the way, the parmesan cheese.
I think my computer might be working.
Ah!
Of course I got to go reinstall everything, but it's working.
Is it too late for me to send you those pictures of Bill Conner?
Yeah, they're gone.
If you already sent them, they're already there.
I just haven't checked.
Oh, are they?
Yeah.
Bill Conner and Larry King?
I just haven't opened up my client.
Bill doesn't look at day over 500 and those pictures, by the way.
Maybe he just photographed badly.
Maybe.
Because I knew Bill for years and he always looked the same.
He looked exactly the same for like 100 years.
You know what I mean?
No.
He was the funny guy.
Larry was just the Patsy, you know?
Larry was like the Lee Harvey Oswald of IOD in those days.
And he was just as full a crap then as he is now.
Larry, am I right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to finish my positive if I can.
Oh, Neil!
Yeah.
Holy cow, Erin's coming.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
I guess it's Madonna.
Yeah.
You're a singer or an actress.
You're a mother.
Yeah.
But emphasis is first children.
No, no, no.
My emphasis is my priority is asked.
Very important.
Very important.
You know, if you could do only one thing, it would be.
Um, go down.
You've always been good at that, right?
Haven't you?
Totally.
People like to see you go down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You like writing, too?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Love it.
That'll work.
Back with more, don't go away.
And bring a hankerchief from the tissue or two.
Trust me.
You okay?
Uh-uh.
117 and 560.
Uh-uh.
WQM.
Now he's not eating anymore.
He's clearing his throat.
Oh, no.
Well, that's what happens when you eat that pasta with cheese, man.
I imagine.
Cheese.
Cheese, Louise.
Let's see.
What we have here with these overpaid baseball players
is a bunch of cheating steroid A-hole says, a Jesse.
With a baseball commissioner who doesn't give a crap, it is not held responsible for this
whole mess with no salary cap and no morals.
They're all in bed together.
And then they have the balls to try to sell us the $750 million baseball stadium in
little of anavual places.
I say, throw all the crooks in jail.
Amen.
Throw them all in there.
Let them have a party.
Sounds a little pissed off to me.
Good.
Oh, John Z.
T.R.
Says.
You know, John Z.
T.R. with all the fake emails, right?
I've been listening to this show and the fake emails you read on the ear.
Some people just don't know how to craft a good, fake email.
You can't be too over the top.
That's a dead giveaway.
Don't worry.
I'm working on some great fake emails right now, but it takes time to craft good ones.
It's really sad that my writing ability, my ability in writing is fake emails to your show.
Anyway, I was really writing in to talk about the Shawshank Redemption.
It really is a great.
You should see it.
Remember how you neglected the movie Network All Those Years, only to discover how great it was?
I neglected Network All Those Years?
I don't think so.
I don't think so, John.
Why?
I don't remember you say that.
No.
And if you watch it, get the Blue Ray version of it.
The Godfather is also available on Blue Ray.
And looks as great.
I don't have a Blue Ray.
And I'm not going to buy one.
Neil, can you give out the address to send stuff into the station?
Thanks.
What's the address?
20295.
20295, North West Second Avenue, Miami, 33169.
Correct.
My set it too fast.
WQAM, 20295, Northwest Second Avenue, Miami.
33169.
As Irv Shindler used to say, Rest in Peace, Miami Beach, Miami.
WKAT, Miami Beach, Miami Beach, Miami Beach, Miami.
That's what Irv used to say.
Swifty Shindler.
I never heard that till he died, Swifty.
And then Ellie Brecker wrote that long boring open.
And I'm not the John from Oklahoma guys says John's eat here.
I do have other fake names going.
I won't say which, but I'll tell you which ones ate me and that guy ate me.
Well, why won't he tell us which?
He did the other day.
Right.
Now I'll have to send he backtracks a little bit.
Oh, come on, John.
If I coming out of the closet and then putting one foot back in.
Brandon sent me the whole bio here of your close personal friend, Stephen J. Gay.
Oh, wow.
Stephen J. Gray has worked on the air in South Florida for over 20 years.
He started his career doing traffic for various South Florida radio stations.
Then came along an opportunity to work for 99 jams.
He put some jam on it.
His show quickly became the number one rated by Arbatron.
And then he moved that success to how 105 where he repeated the same huge ratings.
He's a DJ.
Stephen J. Gay is a DJ.
Sure.
But Stephen was bitten by the news talk bug.
He had a hit show on WIOD for seven years as well as covering major news to his while airborne for Channel 7 to 4 and 6 in Miami.
Stephen was also a pilot flies approximately 24 hours each week covering traffic and breaking news for WFTL.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Which one?
Which one of the 18 WFTLs I'm sure 850?
When he's not flying, he's running his own broadcast engineer company.
Stephen is a former sailing instructor can also ride a unicycle.
He's also a ham radio operator, KC4NOL.
And in between all of that, he sends crank emails to the near Roger show.
I doubt it.
What?
Seems like a very good guy.
He's too busy, man.
He's busy.
He's like Paco, man.
He's busy.
Listen for Stephen's live reports in WFTL's Trapper one every week day morning and afternoon.
News talk at 50 WFTL's the only radio station with airborne traffic reports,
making it in the most accurate anywhere in South Florida radio dial.
Whatever happened to Alibara as he did.
I don't know.
Remember him?
I remember the name.
Alibara, the traffic guy.
Yeah.
Are you kidding me?
The eye in the sky.
Although 680 news has got the best traffic, but that's here, you know.
Still smells like close to window, but it smells like you know, like when the Everglades is on fire.
You know that smell?
Oh, yeah.
It's been going on lately.
I don't know if it's the Everglades or other.
Maybe it came all the way up here.
Maybe the earth is burning.
It's the final days.
There you go.
End times.
Oh.
Well, I would be irresponsible if I didn't play this.
Well, that's an eye we are a country.
No, I'd be irresponsible if I did play that.
Oh, here it is.
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30pm.
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets,
and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day.
And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30pm.
My parking in the world was over time last night at the Macarena.
I mean, there's that great Richard Zednik.
There's that great Richard Zednik who had a big night last night on the anniversary of his nearly getting killed
when he got his neck cut by a skate.
Even George feels bad about that.
What?
It's plus seven, baby, if that's 45 degrees.
It's a dripping little bit and it's murky, and all the snow is melting away.
Look at that.
Wow, look at that.
Yeah.
What do you know?
It's depressing when the snow gets like really dank and dirty and gray and Steven J. Gray and like that.
I still don't know who he is.
You've met him.
Well, I'm sure of that.
But.
But.
I'm a hundred years old.
Am I supposed to remember everybody I worked with?
Not everybody.
I remember Steve Shane.
If he'd been W.M.Z.
Do you remember Steve Shane?
No sports guy.
Well, you wouldn't know him.
Sports.
So.
I remember Bob Berger and the Gabe Balsamo from WNWS.
Bugs Berger.
Bugs who?
Bugs the hell out of me.
Remember Drew Hayes, Screamer.
Oh, man.
He went on to be a PD at W.M.Z. in Chicago.
Don't ask me how.
Don't ask me why.
But somehow some way.
Why?
Good question.
Ed says, I've just come back to the original.
I'm listening to you again.
You mentioned most of the people I remember from prior years except for fat rich as he's still around.
He's still around but he's still dead.
How long ago was that two, three years here?
At least yet.
Croaked.
Fat rich.
And my mom.
Which is all the more reason to keep playing.
Oh, I can't find it.
I'll find it.
Don't worry.
I'll.
You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother.
You lived both dead.
Yeah, two, three years ago he was at Pompano Park one night.
Luckily, I was up here.
And either his pacemaker went out or he just had a massive heart attack and slumped over to the table.
And that was it.
He said.
I'm dying on the hand.
That was it.
I got a frantic call from our mutual friend Derek and then a call from a rich's wife which quite frankly I was never really even sure he had a wife.
He did but he lived in one part of the house and he lived in the other part.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Isn't that drawing a picture for you?
No.
Well, I'll tell you about it tomorrow.
Okay, great.
Blake the photo guy says.
I just came back from Panama City.
Panama and don't put it down.
Panama City is a little Miami with better service.
I took the attached photo of Panama City from American Airlines two weeks ago today.
I see it.
The casinos are all run by national casino service and you can smoke real Cuban cigars while you play the machines.
Mon best regards Blake the photo guy.
Thanks Blake.
Welcome back to a real toilet.
I mean, Panama City Panama.
I mean, you're right.
I shouldn't and here's a picture of it.
Wow.
A lot of skyscrapers.
Really?
A lot of big buildings and big,
I lost Montanys in the background.
Panama City?
Panama City Panama.
Oh.
Not Florida.
Jesus, God, Georgia.
Are you going to pay attention to what?
What?
Georgia is still trying to find that Mika-Lena pasta.
You just don't pay any through.
Ever go shopping with your wife or not?
Not.
No.
How many years since you've been public?
How many years since you've been public?
Oh, I go to public.
If I have to go get something.
Yeah.
Like the main shopping, like, you know, the shopping cart full of supplies.
Right.
You know, that's somebody else's.
But you know, I have to go to public.
If this you can go to your convenience store and then you have a free-difficulty.
That's my job, but baby.
Well, why not?
Because it's...
Get out of the house a little bit more.
Write yourself around.
Life isn't just about riskating, man.
I get out of the house playing.
I get laid.
It's spreaded around the planet.
Oh, here we go again.
I make the money from spending.
That's how great.
560, Q, A.
Florida sucks.
Absolutely.
I'm a spirit.
I'm a spirit.
My life loving you.
If I were called, we'd be good for two.
And when it's time to head south and round.
I wanna go wherever living is the best.
I wanna go wherever living is the best.
I wanna go wherever living is the best.
I wanna go wherever living is the best.
I'm going on ahead.
I wanna spend my life loving you.
If I were called, we'd be good for two.
And when it's time to head south and round.
Oh, I wanna go wherever living is the best.
I wanna die.
It's a beautiful night.
Oh, I wanna die.
I wanna die.
Oh, oh.
133 at 560 WDQM, the world flaming Neil Rogers show.
I got two emails that are like fit together like a gloving and ass.
Great.
First one from Brandon again.
Okay.
Steven J. Great is traffic in the mornings on Channel 7.
Okay.
Second one from Kenny Gramer.
Okay.
How in the world does Brandon know so much about Steven J. Gay?
Hmm.
Something seems fishy, Kenny says.
Fred might be on to something.
I only know two things about Steven J. Gray.
One, he was an electronics hacker who was a friend of that engineer from a hot 105
that Fred mentioned earlier.
He used to set up a low power transmitter in the back of his van and park outside fast food restaurants.
He would hunt for their drive-through frequency and when he found it,
would mess with the...
would mess with the something and the customers by interfering with their orders.
How do you like that?
A real Ojjan Prabhakitur.
And Tim, he glombed onto that guy and mic the pilot from that traffic company that Steve Nichols brought
into replace Metro in order to learn how to fly him on up on the year for the first time by accident.
By the way, hey Fred, Toke this.
I think Kenny's trying to say Fred is a smoke of maybe a little bit too much happy weed or something.
Maybe we can only have a hookah.
Remember that book, The Happy Hookah?
I wrote it.
Did you?
Yeah.
I can smell it.
Seriously, it smells like...
just like the Everglades.
Like that horrible smell of one like the glasses bringing it out inside the patio like a couple of nights.
Huh?
Smoke gets in your eyes at night.
Smoke gets in your eyes?
Freckle.
Wise.
Now Frankie Crocker, Jerry sends me this whole thing about Frankie Crocker.
I'll say Crocker.
Do we really care?
I heard him.
Famous in the York Radio DJ.
Never heard of him.
Born in 1937 Buffalo, New York.
The I-2000 North Miami Beach.
According to Pope Education.org, not Pope.
Pope Education.org.
Frankie began his career in Buffalo then moved to Seoul station, WWRL, New York.
Before being hired by top 40, WWMCA in 1969.
He did this.
He did that.
Bottom line.
He was MC of Showseth the Apollo Theatre in Harlem, one of the very first VGs on VH1, the video cable channel.
Now he's dead.
Frankie, Hollywood, Crocker.
Never heard of him, did you?
No.
No.
Sorry.
Me, married to a b-oucher, real jackass, who I'm getting really tired of, says,
there's nothing more annoying than listening to a fat ugly person chew food and talk.
Please stop, you are gross.
That's worse than saying, I'm doing a speech.
Ah, wow, screw you.
Drop dead.
You deserve whatever, whatever evil b-ouch you got, you deserve it.
Trust me.
Here's one that says, thank God I'm leaving South Florida.
I'll tell you one thing, the audience has really come through the last several days with these emails, man.
Good.
Got emails up the colon.
Brack them.
And you'll be very pleased to know I got a nice shirt on, very nice shirt, and the pantaloonies and shoes.
Why would that, please me.
Look, because I don't want to be wearing like some look like homeless.
I have like a big chunk of hair on the back of my head where it's supposed to be shaved off.
Hey, Kukuracha.
And wearing one of them, yes, do shirts.
I don't care how homeless you look, man.
Any going to make me look bad.
Right, that's true.
You look like homeless.
I hear that every now and then.
You should say, right back at you.
No, what I say to him is, and if I keep spending all this money on you, it's pretty soon I will be, but never do it.
Neil, just wanted to thank you for the years of enjoyment of taking your advice.
After years of listening, you say, get out of South Florida.
I'm leading the West Georgia.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Wow.
And we'll continue to listen to you on the internet.
Thank God I'm leaving this rude crude nasty town and going to live with breathing, real nice people again.
This is Mark and Miami.
Good luck, Mark.
West Georgia.
Oh, Georgia.
I don't think I want to be in Georgia.
I don't like Georgia.
Yeah.
And light is okay.
I only pass through it.
You passed it right through it.
There have been in Buckshead.
Not lately.
That's where the rich folks live in Buckhead.
That right?
Don't be a Buckhead.
Okay.
Raoul said, Joe Rose had a hissypeth this morning about the column.
Josie Lambeath had in the Palm Beach post about Dwayne Way to the Miami Heat.
Jose went on about how this good Christian is a wild man.
Smokes dope, sex parties and stiff business partners.
Yeah, I saw that.
It was unfaithful to his wife and two kids.
Joe kept on saying this is not true and wait as a good role model.
That's what he said one time about Shaq two at one time.
Right, says Raoul.
How are you faithful to your kids, by the way?
Well, if you're doing somebody else's kids.
I'll see.
You took them to the park.
Yay!
Robert says,
W-I-N-Z is gone and the market is over saturated with sports right wing talking infomercials.
Another attempt for a cheap channel to keep the masses asses and dumb down the listening public.
More than likely looking toward the 2010 elections.
I'm not sure about the fairness doctrine, but something is wrong.
If it wasn't for liberal progressive talk, I don't think Obama could have been elected.
Sounds like a conspiracy.
I don't agree with that.
I think if it wasn't for the internet, it couldn't have been elected.
Right.
The internet had a much greater impact than a bunch of liberal, comedy, pink, or something.
And his own power, his own ability to be who he is and speak well.
To articulate.
Sounds like a conspiracy, says Robert.
Anyhow, it'll help your ratings, but the rest of the station will take.
Bye, Robert.
Bye, Robert.
It says, if W-I-N-Z is gone.
Well, Tom Jicke says they're just rumors.
Everything's a rumor.
But one of these days, I don't tell me I finished all the emails.
Oh no.
Okay.
Well, that would have been bad.
No, I got the few things.
It's just perfect timing.
It's like we got it down to a science good.
Well, you're mailing it in.
You got that mailing it in down to a science.
That's where I'm just mailing it in.
Four hours a day sitting here, entertaining the masses without any stupid ass phone calls.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend George's gay.
All that crap.
How the hell do we do it?
Day after day after day.
How the hell do we do it with our hands tied behind our back with masking tape over our mouths?
Would Joyce deep inside of our...
Bracket bodies.
Oh, me, oh, me, oh, me.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
A ride's life won't be the same.
You can't blame the tabloids.
But still, us straight.
He used his name.
A touch to steroids.
He just thought no one knew.
Cause you happened long ago.
My dinner.
Where are you?
When a ride to Juma, he shot steroids.
But did not it?
Back in 2003.
He shot steroids to get higher.
Before he was a Yankee.
It was so wrong he's gotta make it right.
Gonna have to go to couple of big fights.
He shot steroids to get higher.
Yeah, he tried it.
And we don't care.
I don't care.
It's your home.
I didn't care about him before.
I don't care about him now.
He makes me nausea.
Oh, but he's a Miami boy.
He's another one.
Oh, yeah, great.
Maybe he can elope with Ilyana Rosanna Dana.
Okay.
Here's one that says that song about Florida, Diane Florida.
Reminds me when I first heard it in the mid 80s in your W.I. and Z days.
When us old-timers remember the radio wars.
A concept from the last days of the golden age of South Florida radio.
The golden age of South Florida radio.
What was that?
It was a golden age.
The golden age of the golden.
The golden age of South Florida radio.
Boy, you better go to public and start looking for me.
I'll send someone.
You knew kids for four or five minutes and then you open up the first.
First you rip open a corner of the carton so that it doesn't like explode.
You know, so a convent.
Right.
And then after four or five minutes you open it up all the way and the sauce is on one side.
For some strange reason.
And the pasta is on the other side.
So you mousse it all together.
And then you put on your cheese or whatever and you cover it back up and cook it for another 99 seconds.
I see.
It's not bad crap.
I mean, it's not like we're amazed.
It's fun.
See, when I was a bachelor I ate a lot of frozen food.
Crap like the lot.
Yeah, a lot.
No, I like it.
I like it fine.
But see, there's someone who cooks through, you know, family dinners now.
And is she a good cook?
She is.
Well, there you go.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
My God.
What have you ever heard of the kind of pumpkin?
What more could you do it a little more often?
But hey, what do you mean by that?
With all those cream meals you got?
Right.
All those great deals you got?
You got a free lunch tomorrow?
That's right.
You're going to be doing tomorrow when I get accused of all the time and do not do.
And that's eating Mexican.
Yeah.
The mole says I have a good source.
Wait, wait till you hear this.
You think that's funny?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Just like that scene in the network where he says, oh, you think that's funny?
Wait till you hear this.
Oh, remember that scene?
Where the whole staff is sitting around?
Oh.
Thank you.
And they talk about how are they going to go back on here and do his angry man thing?
Who is this day?
William Holders.
Who is this day?
Well, anyway, it's such a great movie.
And now all the lines from the movie are starting to come together.
My head.
Good.
Especially now that this business has turned so turd, turd burger.
The mole says I have a good source that tells me that Joe Bell is Mr. Radio.
Right.
As if Joe Bell knows something about radio?
When is WQ I'm putting George and Flea on 2 to 4 p.m.?
They're not.
Why does Joe Z suck so much?
He does.
Who's Fatter?
Joe Bell, Fat Chris or the Beast?
I say Josh Friedman.
You agree?
Uh...
Maybe something's burning in here.
Maybe there's a fire.
Maybe you need run for your life.
No, I mean like in the studio.
That's what I mean.
Run for your life.
No.
It's already 147.
If I if I lasted this long, I can handle it.
350 votes on the poll pretty weak.
I guess they don't like this poll.
Are you eating on the air?
That's fire.
You better not.
Oh, is it?
Well, it's a plastic bag.
Joe just starting to bonfire.
Just keep track talking trash about Miami old man.
Longest day away the more you know that it's the best place in the world to live if you can afford it.
Right.
It's got a picture of like somebody of water and palm trees could just as easily be somewhere in California.
Yeah, well that convinces me.
Oh, I miss it so bad.
Not.
Well, let me ask you why is it so important where I live or where I want to live?
Why is that why is that of any you have to endorse their decision by being here and suffering along with them?
Oh, Miss Rie loves company.
That's right.
Well, Maria is just trying to send me via my uh, crackberry.
How much?
I don't know.
I didn't get to that.
I delete them immediately.
Three fifty two on a pool.
Pretty weak.
If I knew that today was my last day on earth, I would spend the day having sex.
Hundred and seven.
That's winning hands down your pants.
Warren says be careful with that last picture.
Maybe offensive and certainly painful.
What does that mean?
Last picture of what?
Oh, he's got a whole series of pictures of crap here.
I don't have any idea what he's talking about.
The car getting smashed up against the bottom of a plane.
Oh, my God.
These are a couple of, um, there are a couple of these where you're left wondering how the hell that could possibly happen.
Well, that's great.
Warren, I'm sure the audience really appreciate seeing those.
Not.
God.
Don't these people understand some radio show that they can send me?
All the pictures have been invented and quite frankly, most of our boring is held to me.
And secondly, the audience can't see them.
And even if they could see them, like these, boring.
Here's one where a car is being sandwiched up against the bottom of a airplane, which I don't know how that happened.
But you know what?
Who cares?
You care?
No.
I care more about you.
My car.
It's not nobody I know.
Right.
Get a freaking life already.
Okay.
The internet-based collective known as anonymous will mark their one year anniversary of peaceful protest against the church assigned.
Scientology this month with global protest spanning several weekends.
Anonymous has raised global public awareness of the church assigned to these scams and scandals over the past 12 months.
Highlights in the last 12 months include no one to code this goes on forever.
Wow.
I don't want to read all the German government extraditional invitation to anonymous.
Yeah, they have that big Scientology building in Berlin.
And I'm not too happy about it either.
Good.
This year seeing much headway in the fight against Scientology enterprise.
Many of their internal documents and policies have been leaked.
Many media organizations have lost their fear of reporting on Scientology.
Critical documentaries have achieved worldwide circulation.
And lawsuits have been filed that will further expose the enterprise.
Is it the starship enterprise?
I'm telling you man, there's something in the air in the eighth underclaps Newman.
The global release of John Dwinion's book The Complex and inside of exposure to the covert world of the church assigned to Scientology,
which has still blocked from sale in the UK through the Scientology's efforts, has served to raise awareness about Scientology in the UK,
as well as any country who citizens heard about this censorship.
What a difference a year makes.
Scientology operatives still continue to paint anonymous in a negative light as the means of distracting attention from Scientology operations
and attempting to discredit those who bring truth to the issues at hand it just isn't working.
Will you please take that picture down to John for older kissing his boyfriend now?
And we won't.
It's been some 12 months time to finish what we started and it goes on about what these people are doing.
Anonymous is a grassroots collective comprised of ordinary people from all walks of life, from former Scientologists and long time cult activists,
to color students and corporate professionals,
oriented in recognition of the malign nature, the malignant nature of the church of Scientology,
the danger posed to society and the necessity of action.
What do you think?
Oh, there's Russell Oliver, the jewelry guy.
If you have diamonds, bring them to me. I'll give you cash. I love gold. Bring me your old gold and I'll give you cash.
Because...
On the cash man...
Oh yeah.
On your gold, oh yeah.
Yes, on the cash man.
You want your gold, oh yeah.
He's funny.
Funny spots.
I've never heard that before.
Haven't you?
I don't think so.
That's because it's a local yoko guy who goes on his own spots.
He's very funny.
You got to record that.
Do I?
You got to record?
Oh yeah.
Take a drop out of that.
Oh, he's huge.
If you could see it, you'd have to record it on the same time.
It would set you free forever.
Oh God.
Nice.
Anyway, it's dripping. It's plus seven. It's 45.
I got my shoes on.
My cabbie is pacing downstairs nervously waiting by his cab.
Good for you.
And I'm ready to do a rock and roll.
Ready to hit the road, Jack.
Oh, me!
It's dead!
My heavy town.
Drip it, dirt.
At five-six-oh-w-q-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-
거나 takes all the steps, all the steps powers and findet network accounts and cross the
in the home of getting laid so they can feel like a queen for a day
meeting friends at the capital rate or did you be garland?
Someone can have me be?
This is a cavalcade, this pet like this, so pen and bay, holding on to stage
Queens for a day and countered by a trance for its fans
Who says, hey baby, I want to be your man, rats are clunk
But he won't complain, it's a day still may, with a queen for a day
