The music expressed on the previous program.
We don't tell me Neil's back again. We thought he'd be out sick for sure.
Look at that.
You're missing too many days, Neil, but by the way, take tomorrow off.
You're missing to South Florida.
Flying, fast.
You leave my am.
I am a D-boy.
I love it.
S-bugs, slime balls.
What are you trying to say?
I was trying to say this place sucks.
560 WQAM.
Prozade.
Joe is so worried about my own.
I didn't know to talk to Neil.
Dial 567 that's why it's nice to hear.
Yeah.
In other counties, call toll free, 877-785 Neil, or pound 560 on your AT&T.
That'll be the day when you're worried about anybody else.
The opinion dollar is fine, Neil.
His guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management staff.
This is much more curious than the title.
That's the call of time to come our off by the way, Neil.
Okay.
WQAM.
Oh, God.
I think I shall know.
Be sick.
And I love pooping in my pants.
I got sick of the teacher stepping into the bed.
Wine, boo.
You pooped in the refrigerator?
You make my touch, you.
I'm not still in love yet right now.
You make everyone lose it.
She's pooped all over the room.
Wine, boo.
You sick bastard.
No, excuse me.
If I was too busy on my knees in front of the toilet.
Swine, flu, I think my butt's screwed.
Everyone leaves.
I have to poop.
I'm gonna blow for show.
Hershey blows.
I'll be up all night.
There is vomit and dookie everywhere.
I'm all poop.
I got a poop.
Wine, boo.
Holy poop on a stick.
You make my touch, you.
Yeah, you threw up on my gram gram.
You make everyone lose it.
I think they want a puke.
Wine, boo.
Guess what?
I got a fever.
And the only prescription is more cowbell.
Is more what?
Cowbell.
Cowbell, what does that mean?
More cowbell.
Makes it better.
Oh, okay.
Well, let's have some cowbell.
What do you say?
There's some cow poop.
1002 at 560 WQAM.
I'm back.
Now, let me tell you one of the reasons I was so sick.
And I was so sick yesterday.
I don't want to joke or get too worried about my health.
Don't I sound pretty good today?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One of the reasons I was so sick as I was, I don't know.
But the 2.30 in the morning, I look seated there, Thursday.
So it would have been Tuesday night.
2.30 in the morning.
I'm sound asleep and my blackberry.
Like that.
Wakes me up, of course.
Norma can't.
I don't want to say Norma's an idiot, but he is.
It's nothing that couldn't have waited till morning.
Okay.
Oh, we have to talk and blah, blah, blah.
I got an email from Jolly Joe.
So, you know, what?
We'll see.
I'm one of those people.
Once I get something like that, I'm not going to go back to sleep right away.
I'm going to call him because obviously he's awake.
So I call Norma and he goes on to tell me this whole song of the dance story about how Jolly Joe wants to fire George and give flea the job.
We've been talking about this for quite a while now.
Oh, and it's sooner than later.
You need to talk to Neil about it.
He can talk to me about it until hell freezes over.
And my answer is very clearly.
No.
Absolutely not.
I've made that clear to him.
And my contract says I get to have a producer of what I approve of.
My choice.
And that's George.
We don't have a problem on this show.
And all this crap about, oh, I'm concerned about Neil's health and he's missing so much work.
And I'd rather have flea on as opposed to George.
Well, George has been filling in and doing summers for years now.
In the winter book, in the winter book we just completed, we had a 6.7 share,
which on this radio station is twilight zone kind of a number.
With no promotion, with no signal, with no nothing.
6.7 share.
I don't think this is the show that's got a problem.
It's all about money.
It's all about trying to save a few grand.
I mean, talk about Pennywise and Pound Foolish.
So this is what's really going on behind the scenes.
I'm waiting for an email from Norma who's supposed to be having a phone chat with the Jolly Joe this morning.
I emailed him, but of course, no response yet.
He's in federal court being a very important attorney in a unonorma.
He's a big shot.
And so it makes the proceedings a little bit less than pleasant.
Isn't that understatement of the century?
Yeah.
And I still think that part of this whole grand master plan is to get me to take a walk.
Because, I mean, your salary is peanuts, but they'd sure like to save with the big bucks they're paying me.
It isn't enough that they cut the salary in half.
It isn't enough that we got a 6.7 share there in the winter book,
which they certainly ought to be able to sell like crazy, even with the economy's bouncing back.
So they're telling us?
Yeah.
It's bouncing.
So what do we do about it?
And then Ken Maldon's funeral is this weekend.
They already killed him.
Maybe they think I'm going to be next.
Don't worry about my health, Jolly Joe.
Let me say it again.
I want to make it very clear.
The one goal I have remaining in my life is to outlive your ass.
That's my goal.
It's to go and take a big dump on your tombstone.
That's what I'd like to do.
Because you're an evil person.
You don't care about people.
You don't care about families.
You don't care about anything.
Other than trying to make yourself the big hero to the beesleaves and cuttin' this and cuttin' that and cuttin' cuttin' cuttin' cuttin' cuttin'
some people wandering around in that building making triple-digit salaries who don't do squat.
Who don't do anything, basically.
I don't want to mention any names.
And since Flea's already doing clearance's job, what the hell do we need clearance for?
Here's the first email I got this morning, okay?
And this is the same thing that last time I was not Mr. Day Sick.
Larry says, take some more time off.
We hear our all-board with your talent reading emails every day.
Blow it out your ass, Larry.
From the ASAP appraisal group.
ASAP My Ass.
Subject high.
Take some more time off.
Blow it out your ugly fat pimple-ass, Larry.
If you don't like the show, go someplace else.
We seem to be doing just fine with the emails as opposed to, I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
I'm not gonna walk out.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm not walking away from money.
No matter how much it is or is not.
I'm not walking away from it, especially during these times.
This business is finished.
This business is finished.
And to show you how duplicitous and how full of crap they are,
this email I get that lets you Wednesday 8.35 in the morning yesterday.
From Flea.
About some online listener contest scheduled for tomorrow in the 11 o'clock hour, yadi-adi-adi-adi.
And then he says, also, how would you feel about taking Friday off?
The dolphins are having a press conference scheduled Friday around 10.30 a.m.
Jimmy Buffett is gonna play a couple of songs,
and they're gonna officially announce the new name of the stadium,
which I believe is gonna be called Land Shark Stadium,
which we already knew it was in the papers days ago.
Josh and Joe want us to carry it.
It's up to you if you want to work or not,
but you won't come on till around 11 a.m.
If you want the day off, then it'll be George with me producing.
And this coming from people who are so concerned,
oh, Neil's missing so many days off,
and we don't like George on the air, blah, blah, blah.
So of course I'm gonna take the day off tomorrow.
So there you go, Larry or whoever you are.
There you go, George will be on taking some of those great phone calls tomorrow.
I'm your friend.
How do you like that?
I'm missing too much time.
I'm out sick too much.
They're worried about my health.
But if you want the day off Friday, now,
from what I see on the schedule,
the other thing is supposed to last from like 10.30 to 11.30.
Is.
And they got Joe and Bo from 10 to 10.30, the extra half hour.
Joe and Bo.
They got this thing with Bo camp,
and they're obsessed.
Even though that seven to eight hours got a 0.5 share.
And it's the beginning of a nighttime number that's just beyond belief,
beyond belief.
But it's not about ratings.
Remember that's what that's what the jolly joe told Hank.
Obviously.
Obviously not about ratings.
They enjoy stuff that doesn't get ratings,
like at often press conference to announce something that everybody already knows.
Joe and the joj want us to carry this.
Go right ahead.
Be my guest.
And you're recalling the winner book.
It's a miracle that we got to 6.7.
Because also in there,
we had a couple of UM basketball games.
Remember?
Oh, yeah.
That probably contributed.
That's probably why we got the big number.
UM basketball.
I'm sure that.
Here's the poor result from yesterday.
What's your favorite meat?
Oh, my God.
What's your favorite meat?
Sure.
I don't think we've done that.
I'm sure we didn't.
And I can imagine why.
Like I said, George is on the way out.
No, seriously.
What's your favorite meat?
What about the bratwurst?
See, you didn't call that in.
No, because I wasn't listening.
I slept till 1.30 yesterday.
Good.
I got up just in time to see a flea's emails,
including take today.
Do you want to take today off Friday?
I said, sounds like a deal to me.
And he says, OK, it's a done deal.
George and I will do the show Friday,
which means they're probably going to fire your ass tomorrow.
OK.
It's not OK.
No, it's not OK.
I'm just acknowledging.
But I'm just giving the whole world a heads up on this
because this is the devious plan to work in behind the scenes
and Joe is saying, oh, well, I want to do this sooner than later
and he's telling normal all this crap.
Well, the answer is no.
It's not complicated.
I get to choose the producer of my choice.
Somebody I approve of and so far that's been George
for like, what, 17, 18 years?
18, and a half, that's the thing.
And things on his show are going just fine.
We don't have a problem.
It'll be 19 in October.
19 years in October that George has been working on this show.
And in the beginning when I had him do the fillings
which he was totally shocked and amazed,
yeah, yeah, he was weak.
And then over the years, he's grown into it and does a fine job
when I'm not here.
And it's certainly a comfort to be able to like send an email,
a text message at 815, 820, to Morin, say,
oh, I'm sick as a dog today, please fill in
and then get a message right back saying, OK, no problem.
This radio station, this isn't a business anymore.
It's turning more and more into monkey business.
It's turning into Joe and his buddies.
And I know you think Lee is your good, close, personal buddy,
but I got news for you.
Joe Bell isn't planning to stick him in your job,
or maybe in my job, I don't know, maybe Flea's got his site set on this show.
That's where the money is to be saved.
Blow the old man out.
Even though we just got that gigantic book,
when a doubt lets blow him out, he's not going to live very long anyway.
We're worried about his health.
The idea that Joe Bell is worried about my health
is enough to make me just fall down on the floor in hysterical laughter
and pound my fist on the floor for hours.
He's concerned about my health.
I think the code for that, what it really means is he's hoping that I croak real soon.
What's your favorite meat, filet mignon 93?
Lobster 56. Lobster is not a meat.
We had that discussion.
Lobster is not a meat.
Porterhouse 52, primary of 50, rib eye 38, New York strip 25.
I don't eat meat 19, top servoy 19, hamburger 17, lamb 14, bacon 14, salmon 11, salmon's also not a meat.
Shrimp 11 out of meat, veal 10, chicken 10, chicken's not a meat, crab 9, not a meat.
Chorasco 9, chicken wings 8, not a meat, spare ribs 8, ox tail 7, Kobe beef 7, corn beef 6,
Grupper 6, not a meat, tuna 6, not a meat, sausage 5, tongue 4, oh god.
Turkey 4, pork chops 4, papi roney 3, hero meat 3, gyro, you see gyro hero.
I say giro.
Roar, yeah.
Flap meat 2, what is flat meat?
Same as flank steak, I can't understand so it's on there twice.
Flap meat and flank steak, I never heard of that turn.
Aloney 2, venison 2, beef jerky 2, this pulls a little jerky.
Ham 2, beef rolling in 1, flounder 1, not a meat, beef ribs 1, heart and organs 1, liver 1, pork loin 1, scallops 1, not a meat.
Hot dogs 1 and spam, none, the big, oh.
That's your just pull from yesterday.
Obviously we were using the broad definition of meat.
Yeah, if it's an animal, it's a meat.
Really?
As opposed to vegetable.
I see, how about human?
Oh, we should have put that on there.
Yeah, human meat.
Holy mackerel, this is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Open up, I say.
Let me in, I got big news.
I ain't got no makeup on.
I get clever, open the door.
What?
You see this here?
Production starting on three stu just movie.
Still no decision on who will play Mo.
Oh wow.
Don't check dead at mallet head.
No.
They're thinking about this guy here in ACO Del Toro.
Yeah, good actor.
Makes a great Lord Moa, but he ain't no Mo.
I'm perfect for it.
Why I am Mo.
Once they get a load on me, it's a cinch I'll get the lead role.
I get dreaming.
Dreaming, huh?
Well, she holds dreaming when I get back from Hollywood to do this.
I think it's...
Ah, Hollywood at last.
I think this is the studio right here.
Hey Mr. Where you think you're going?
I'll see here.
I get mo, how are you doing?
And I'm here for the new three stu just movie to make it.
I wouldn't go into that studio.
They're filming a gangster movie in there.
Okay, get out of my way.
Hello everybody, I'm here.
The starter of your three stu just movie.
Eh?
I'm action.
You are too strong.
You are too strong.
You are too strong.
You are too strong.
You are too strong.
How?
10, 18, 5, 60, W. Cure.
Let's take a look at the Thursday schedule.
Big O 2 to 4.
The big O.
Maddon 4 to 7.
Then we got Hurricane Hotline 7, a clock of guaranteed to tune out.
8 to 9, it's high school, a gridiron report,
and that finishes off whatever we had left.
And then I'd have an idea with his...
Oh!
Cheers.
I still don't understand that whole deal.
If they're looking to save some bucks, which is really what this is all about,
it's got nothing to do with my health or whether this one is better on here than Georgia.
That one, what it's got to do with is they're trying to save some money.
Keep cutting back and cutting back.
And this is from a guy who evidently made the money in the first quarter
so he was talking a big game to Norma.
Why, unlike I said, why don't they just fire everybody?
Yeah.
Anything else?
Anything else?
Anything else?
Except themselves.
Except them, of course.
Except Joe and Clarence.
Joyce.
Ray Perry.
Clarence.
Clarence for sure.
Clarence has got the naked pictures.
I'm convinced of that.
He's got to have him.
Because Flea is doing his job.
Flea is the program director now.
And then Clarence came in and was it yesterday and asked you how many days have been out six
since the beginning of the year?
Ask me if I keep track of how many days.
Yeah, six days I fell in 40.
Also, in other words, that's part of the case that they're building.
I suppose.
Oh, here's my blackberry buzzing.
Maybe it's Norma can't.
No, it's not.
It's something else.
Something much less important.
Barry Jackass writes, as I broke several weeks ago, as you broke several weeks ago, what's
how you talking about Barry Jackass?
790 to ticket is announced.
Jorge Sedano and Crystal Fernandez will be taking over morning starting Monday.
No announcement on a midday show yet.
Hey, I'll go over there for about three, four million a year.
Oh, and then the guys from Bel Canada, I guess, are coming back sometime this afternoon.
Some indeterminate time.
I have no idea when and probably nobody over there knows either to finish the wiring so they
can put that ISD in line in here.
So I'm told that's the rumor coming this afternoon.
So once again, I'll be prison or resend.
Although the other day when they did show up, what what they was at?
Like Tuesday.
Monday, Tuesday, whenever the hell was on.
Onnones to me.
They did show up at noon right in the middle of the show.
That was good.
And this is what I don't understand about this email.
It's from the fake Tom Jicke.
Yeah.
And it's a beautiful thing.
I'm going to read it about Ken Walden.
But if this is not Tom's real email address, I'm sure this is not the real Tom Jicke.
In fact, I looked on the Sunsendle website.
And also Barry Jackass hasn't discovered that the real Tom Jicke posted something and
somebody forwarded that along to me.
So maybe the fake Tom Jicke just cut and pasted that.
Oh.
That could be.
But Barry Jackass hasn't discovered that Ken passed away or that we had a rating book
just come out.
It's really interesting that we kicked their ass across the street and damn near Titan
in the afternoon where they've been beating us for some time.
And the very missed this rating book must be just a coincidence, Barry, with your incestuous
relationship with the Harold and the 790.
Anyway, he didn't have an enemy in the world as a popular tribute to exceptional people,
but it truly applies to very few.
Ken Walden was one of those newcomers to the area might not recognize the name or know
him only as a scores update personality on WQAM.
But Ken was one of the pioneers of sports talk.
When I moved to South Florida in 1972, his was the first sports talk show I listened
to regularly.
Among other things, he put Hank Goldberg on the year.
I got to know Ken well when I was covering Greyhound Racing part time for the Miami news
and he had moved on to an executive role at the now departed Biscayne Kennel Club.
He was a gentleman and a gentleman man.
Race tracks are loaded with wise guys and cynics, but this is where I first realized Ken
had countless friends but not a single enemy.
Ken died last week after a long illness.
His friends are gathering Friday at noon at Julus State to the Miami Lakes Frame Memorial
Service and keeping with Ken's memory.
This will not be a somber event, but a lot of fond remnants of a reminences and lively
stories about an extraordinary person.
Reminiscences.
So that's what the real Tom Jicke wrote in the fake Tom Jicke sentence.
Well thanks to the fake Tom Jicke for sending it along.
He died after a long illness.
Yeah, it was having some heart problems.
Had a pacemaker put in towards the end there.
Oh, he did?
Yeah.
Well, nobody told me about that.
Nobody tells me about anything except we want George fired, you fired, George fired,
time to retire.
And of course the big bucks there are paying you.
You should have a real good nest egg go over there to take care of the family, the
rest of your lives.
Think of that.
Yeah.
Big fat one.
I see they're going to legalize potter.
They're talking about in California and tax it.
Make billions of dollars on taxation.
The thousandth, thirty eight points by the way, speaking of money.
I sound pretty good today.
I feel much, much better.
It's a miracle.
You know what?
Turned my whole day around yesterday.
I know it sounds silly.
From what I felt was death's door to feeling pretty damn good.
Two extra strength Tylenol.
There you go.
Yeah, I put my clothes on.
At 130 I waddled over to the shoppers drug mart.
I bought myself some extra strength Tylenol.
I took a couple and within an hour and a half I felt great.
Took my Corvette in to get it serviced.
A real miracle turnaround from extra strength Tylenol.
Oh, you must be getting smeared by Tylenol to be plugging it.
Yeah, that's right.
Get smeared by everybody.
Smear this.
How is it possible?
There's so many ass clowns out there.
Where do they all come from?
There's a factory.
There must be all the ass clowns and so many in this business.
Here's one something about my running nose.
Let me, oh, this is the stroke broker.
Remember him?
Yeah.
From Tuesday or whenever the, whenever the hell the last time
as I worked.
Oh, when you're always out sick me.
By the way, do you want the day off tomorrow?
Yeah, I got the story about Denise Pothman.
Very okay.
You're a real genius.
Like I don't have that story.
Beasley broadcast group reports 23% revenue decline.
From the Naples news.
I don't want to print that up.
That's duty pressing.
See, that's why they got a fire.
Your ass and my ass and everybody else.
Because they're losing money like crazy.
They're hemorrhaging red ink.
Evidently, I thought that the Joe was making them a lot of money.
Didn't you think that?
I don't think anything.
I still have no reply from Norma Kent, by the way.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because Norma.
Kent?
Right.
Good guess.
How'd you guess?
Psychic.
Rubbin off.
No, you just have plenty of experience.
Neil and George, hope all is well with your running nose.
I didn't have a running nose.
Salmon is good for healthy meal and lots of blueberries.
I don't eat fish.
I wouldn't eat salmon if you paid me by the bite.
We had some of the most crooked horse tracks in the world in Rhode Island.
Lincoln Downs and Irrigan said, Park, I was said both of them.
We now have twin river.
Now it's a racino until August.
Then they're dumping the dog racing.
George is an entertaining co-host.
We ate the, uh, at the cake factory.
Don't mention the name.
Oh, I see.
You in Friday?
Lay it in.
Best wishes.
Stoke broker.
No, I'm not in Friday.
And then they'll say, oh, guess what?
Neal's out sick again.
I won't be sick tomorrow.
Hopefully.
I don't know.
I could be.
I doubt it.
I hope not.
I'm going to keep taking that extra strength.
I'll tell them to destroy my liver.
We're so worried about Neal's health.
Oh, well, what a line that is.
Come up with something a little more credible than that, Joe.
You fat ass idiot.
We're worried about Neal's health.
You think that I've been out for like three, four weeks or something like that, wouldn't you?
Yeah.
I won't be here tomorrow, though, because they're so concerned about my health and my missing so many days
that they were going to put George and Flea on because they don't like George on the
ear.
That makes a lot of sense to me.
Makes a lot of sense to me.
Knowing the people that I work for and with, 1026, a QM of...
Attention managers, supervisors and administrators.
Are you looking to improve company spirit, build camaraderie, and help employees enjoy their
work environment, but don't know what to do?
Try not being in A-hole boss.
You see, not being in A-hole boss is a new breakthrough in office relations.
If you stop being in A-hole boss, you'll not only restore company morale and make the
workplace more enjoyable, but everybody will stop talking about you behind your back.
So build worker disposition and stop being in A-hole boss today.
Amen.
Oh boy, let's just play that the whole four hours today, what do you say?
Go ahead!
We're really concerned about Neil's health and he's missing too much time lately, so...
And we don't like George on the ear filling in, so take the day off tomorrow, Neil.
Okay.
They got the Dolphin press conference, which as my grandmother would say,
Daphna Saviolokhan Cup, to announce something that everybody already knows,
the new name of the stadium.
But Jimmy Buffett's going to play a couple of songs.
All right.
Do you think that's going to get a big number?
Sure.
It better not.
It better not what?
Get a big number?
Oh no, we don't want that.
It's not about numbers.
It's not about ratings, Hank.
It's about supporting our buddies and the being as cheap as we can
and the trying to show the beesleys what heroes we are.
As Joe just desperately, instantaneously, clings to whatever he's clinging to.
I still have no response from a normal camp, by the way.
Just for your information.
The Florida Panthers have decided not to renew the contract of their TV analyst,
Denise Pottpan, for next season, a real dumb frog and idiot.
Long overdue, better late than ever, Denise.
Denise was best known for saying,
I feel really, really, f***ing...
Yeah.
But not a great bleep in that, by the way.
Yeah.
He was quoting Doug McLean.
I feel really, really, really shmitty.
He says this right on the ear.
Rimmer almost fell out of the booth.
A real dumb frog, if there ever was one.
Pottpan, a hollow flamered defenseman to one force and the cups of the island
at his early 80s, has been working with the Panthers since their inaugural season,
93.94.
Bill Lindsay will move from radio booth where he had been the club's analist
to past two seasons to replace Pottpan on Fox Sports Florida's broadcast,
along with Play by Playman Steve Geldy, Geldstein.
Randy Moller will handle analysis as well as his play by play duties
on the radio broadcast, working by himself after spending the two previous seasons
with Lindsay.
See, this is another one of those deals.
They're looking to save money.
So they're blowing Pottpan out, which believe me, is no loss.
And then moving Billy Lindsay over to the TV side, and Randy Moller,
Red Deer Randy, will be doing his embarrassing stuff on a radio alone.
So they're eliminating one position.
See that?
Yep.
While Panthers games have broadcast on Sports and Florida,
Pottpan is an employee of the Panthers.
Team President Michael Yoramark made the decision not to bring back Pottpan.
In a statement released by the Team Wednesday of New New York,
Mark said, we look forward to teaming with Steve Geldy,
Geldstein, and Bill Lindsay on our TV broadcast,
and we're confident that they will provide an entertaining and insightful commentary
that will resonate well with our fans, both of them.
Meanwhile, Randy Moller is in a superb job in the radio booth over the last two seasons,
providing our fans with exciting and colorful broadcasts that have gained attention
on a local and national level.
Oh, yeah.
Top show for Grandma hides the cookies, stealing everybody's line,
whoever broadcast a hockey game.
Finally, the entire Florida Panthers organization would like to thank Denise Pottpan
and his family for their service to our club.
We wish him best in his future endeavors.
Don't let the door hitch in as on the way out.
Bye-bye, Denise.
You loser, you frog.
You goofball you.
You know, back in the day, when, um, I guess it was the old Miami arena.
And Rimmer and Pottpan, I've told you this many times,
they used to broadcast like, right?
We were like in the second row in a section where they were broadcasting,
their table was like right behind us practically.
And in between periods, Rimmer would call me up there to talk to him and take me aside.
And just to piss off Pottpan, because he hated me like poison.
You know, I'm, you know, therefore, I see.
Madakoon, I don't know how the French say it.
What's the French word for Fag?
I mean, uh, French?
Now, somebody will tell us.
One of our many, many, uh, e-mailers,
Neil at NearRoger.com, by the way,
keep the e-mails pouring into the, please.
Real ones, fake ones, good ones, bad ones, keeping pouring in.
I wonder how many of them are from Jolly Joe.
That's another thing.
Oh, he loves this show.
He's a big fan of this show.
If he's a big fan of this show, then why is he doing everything in his power to destroy it?
That's a good question, don't you think?
And the more I see him and talk this more,
and the more I realize that, I'm pretty damn good.
I don't sound like I'm on death's door like I felt yesterday.
Well, that's good because we're all concerned about your health.
Get out of here.
What are you talking about?
You are.
You deserve a good smack in the ass, but not getting fired, though.
So what do you think?
What's your take?
On what?
On this whole situation, and does your good friend,
your close personal friend, Flea, still deny
that he's involved in this, uh, I mean,
the plotting and planning can't be going on outside of his existence.
If he's supposed to replace you,
then he certainly must have had some conversations with Johnny Joe about it.
I don't know.
Well, why not?
Is the cat got your tongue?
We're talking about your future, man.
We're talking about your livelihood, your family, your resistance on the planet.
He says not.
He says not what?
That he was not in on this plan.
And that, you know, if he has to do it or be fired,
then he'll do whatever he's told.
Or he'll do whatever he's told.
I'm sure that because he's, uh, he's a jolly Joe's pimp.
You do know that.
Here's one that says, Neil, I saw an ad on the WQM website for jolly Joe Bell's ass clown school.
The ad says looking for the best ass clown to take the two to four spot.
Enjoy that free day off tomorrow, parly into mega winnings at woodbinds.
This is black.
Yeah, I'll give it a shot.
If I'm feeling decent, which I hope I am, and I think I will,
then there you go.
Here's one that says, Neil, if jolly Joe steps outside tomorrow at 10.30 a.m.
And listens, he will hear the entire South Florida audience ticking and clicking.
Either my car radio or my mouse will be active, searching to find something other than two talking cinder blocks.
A press conference talking about a stadium name changer.
Are you kidding me?
Dr. Laura, here I come.
Hey, Joe, where did you learn your trade?
Who told you you could work with men?
You ferry.
Joe, once Neil goes, I'm deleting 560 from my radio settings.
I can go a few hours with a sports update.
However, if I want an update, I can tune to the 790.
Neil, 850's got a great signal.
Have you ever worked for or know anything about James Crystal Radio?
Oh, hang on a second.
Hello?
Yes.
Social security calling.
Take it, George, for a minute.
Okay.
Hey, everybody.
How's it going?
I should probably play some music.
This is a little unexpected.
And yeah, Cat does have my tongue today.
This is a weird position to be in.
Nevertheless, here you go.
Here's the music.
I'm going to play some music.
Okay, what are we doing?
You tell me?
Because I'm still in the middle of my conversation with Social Security.
How about we take a break?
Who says it was issued with April 20th, but it's not in my bank.
I ain't telling that.
Anyway, 24-11 to QAM.
Who's going to get a bricky of bolts?
I'm Casey Casem.
Well, isn't this nice?
A birthday card from my urologist.
And it reads, dear Casey.
Have you ever seen a birthday card?
That'd be 77th birthday.
Please see me immediately.
I want to talk about your prostate.
I realize 77 is the new 55, and that you're as virile as Michael Phelps after his third
Bongrip.
But the girls and I at the office want you to be careful so you don't bust your gland.
Signed, Dr. John Philmikoff.
Well, Dr. Philmikoff, I'll be in your office tomorrow.
And at that moment, I'll put my glands in your hands and be careful with my parts.
Well, just one.
But it'll be, but it'll be, but it'll be.
Yeah.
The check was issued to the bank on April 20th or something like that.
And it never showed up.
So he's got to this guy.
Isn't that amazing?
They actually called me back from Social Security.
That is amazing, actually.
It only took him what, four days, something like that?
Three days.
Well, whatever.
And he's going to have a replacement check, take care of.
Don't think the bank had a loss to do you?
No.
No, no way.
Anyway, Adam Oshmack over there in Kitchener Waterloo gives me the French.
I don't know if I can use these on here.
En Kulei.
Mmm.
Gouin.
Fifi.
Name for a poodle.
Fifi.
And then he's got the German one, which he says don't read it on here.
Okay, I won't.
Or do you know what some of these words are?
Very, very dangerous.
Yes.
And we don't want to say those words, especially with all this stuff up in the year now.
Here's one that says, this is from the fake red butyl.
Haven't you heard Bob McCabe will be taking over his WQM program director.
Josh Darrow is out.
My buddy Walter Sabo tells me you may go on real radio in Orlando.
Yeah, that's going to happen just by osmosis.
How do the beesleys feel about this?
Why would you be willing to sign on class you're showing Orlando, but not serious XM?
Well, guess what fake Greg Bidell?
Nobody offered me 50 cent.
Okay, or 10 cent or a dime or a penny.
To be honest serious, to be on real radio, all the fantasy starts all over again.
His buddy Walter Sabo tells him.
Give Walter Sabo a message personal from neo-Rajas.
Okay, Krishmir and Tuchas.
The Dow's on 62 point.
An alternate engine for the joint strike, strike fighter.
Okay, whatever you say.
President's a little bit tongue-tied this morning.
And then again, so are we because we got all kinds of issues going on.
Yeah, but my social security may actually show up in here because at least the guy called me back.
It only took him three days to do it.
I never really thought I'd get that call.
Did you?
No.
When I was time goes by but they probably got a backlog.
You know, they probably got a lot of screw ups and people are like, where's my money?
Where's my money?
That's what I want to know.
Where's my money?
Here's one that is just amazing.
Did you hear how Regis mispronounced Jika at first calling him Rika before changing it on Live with Regis and Kelly?
No, I did not because I don't watch Live with Regis and Kelly ever.
Jika's been writing all week about his adventures on the set of the show at the Fontainebleau.
Well, good for him.
Old Tommy.
The phony Michael Phelps writes, like I said,
keep him coming phony for real, whatever you want to write.
NeilItNeilRodgers.com.
That's any I.O. by the way, spell a writer.
It doesn't work too well.
Says George took a bunch of crank calls from the I'm your friend guy.
After he called Flea commented, they're about to put a stop to it.
Can you ask George to elaborate?
Thanks.
Flea must know something that I don't.
I told you about that.
He knows somebody that knows them.
Yeah.
And we're going to hire a hitman.
Oh, good.
Let's hire a hitman.
For I'm your friend and Hi, Ron.
Those two that would make life a hell of a lot more worth living.
And then we can maybe we can get a package deal.
I have some other people in mind, one in particular.
Now, let's see.
Lee also informed me that there's an actual funeral service for Ken Walden.
Friday, tomorrow, 10 30 a.m. at the South Florida National Cemetery,
6501 South-State Road 7 and Lake Worth.
There will be a short military funeral and all are welcome to attend.
That's tomorrow morning, 10 30, the South Florida National Cemetery,
6501 South-State Road 7 and Lake Worth.
Let me just put that over here.
I don't want to lose it because maybe some people are going to ask again who want to go.
And pay the respects to Ken Walden.
Jenny, Johnny, OK says very disappointed that Padre Alberto was caught alongside a female companion.
I met him a couple of times during WKED fundraisers.
He seemed very genuine and good.
Since he has failed me and many others, he needs to be punished and seriously reprimanded for his malfeasance.
I hope he goes to jail for what he's done to all of us and the arts dyes, he's of Miami.
Please don't make fun of these situations.
It's very hurtful to us while we're down.
And no, the church is not perfect, but the Catholic Church is the only vehicle we've got to get to heaven.
Oh my God!
The Catholic Church is the only vehicle we've got to get to heaven.
Still no response from Norma Kent.
He's probably in federal court being a big shot of attorney.
You know Norma.
Big time. Big time hot shot.
Gambling the elriches in the Florida legislature.
When I got a moron at the father Albert Alberto Cudy.
Yes.
Father Cudy, say it right, no father Cudy. He don't look like no Cudy to me.
Looks like a pasty old priest to me.
At least it wasn't some guy he was diddling with anyway.
That's what they're upset.
Oh, they have a boy that would have been, well, just another priest.
But he's diddling with some chick, maybe even with a penis.
You know, God only knows.
God only knows what was going on with them too.
In a dramatic end to one of the toughest negotiations of the legislative session.
House and Senate leaders agreed to a gambling compromise late yesterday that allows the seminal tribe to keep the games that they're playing and help its competitors better compete against them.
Legislators agreed to almost all the provisions sought by the anti-gambling house, including a plan to allow slot machines at seminal casinos outside of Dayton Broward.
And the exclusive right to bank card games in its hard rock complexes in Broward and Hillsborough counties.
The proposal reduces the tax rate on the seven per mutual casinos in South Florida and opens the door to additional games for them only through legislative approval and local referendum.
But in a major win for the now closed Hylia race track, lawmakers agreed to allow it to reopen with card rooms and quarter horse racing and within two years get class three slot machines.
How do you like that at Hylia want to go to Hylia? No, I'm good.
Thank you. Get on the metro fail man. Go to Hylia and punch your guts out.
This is a victory for the children of Florida education said limperous governor Charlie Chris limperous and reference to the future proceeds going to the state education fund.
And I couldn't be more pleased. He said he's pleased is punch.
Will the seminal tribe accepted? There's a great possibility of that.
He said I mean I want to be respectful of their opportunity to have a chance to talk to their members, but looks like the parameters from what I've heard are very good.
Well, how do you like that? How about that? Oh, come right up. How about that? There you go.
Oh, here's this nerd Kenny Rogers. By the way, is the real Kenny Rogers still working on the weekend for us or now they dump his ass on it?
Yeah, I wouldn't check. I don't see him on a schedule anywhere. I see guilty on this weekend and Curtis.
It finally butched up and gave Curtis some time of his own on Saturday and Adam Cooperstein on Sunday morning.
Well, he must have some pictures too from what I'm hearing about him.
It says, please add lending money to family and friends to the pool.
I haven't even gotten to the days pool. It's almost 11 o'clock already. This is what screwed me this year. Thanks dad.
And neighbor S bags. I let out over six grand of them and they all have lost their jobs. There's no sign of them ever paying me back.
You guys rock the Kenny Rogers. Yeah, fake Kenny Rogers. The Kenny Rogers. My ass. Here's today's pool. The one thing I've cut back under the.
This nasty recession is. Eating out 153 vacations 85 65. I don't cut anything out. I'm a rich bitch 59 excessive driving 56 no more strip joints 29 no more paying for sex 22.
No, no more donations of the church 17. No more drugs 13 no more donations to the RNC 12 giving one of the homeless voice bombs.
Five dump my mistress or boyfriend on the side four out of 437 vote. And you what have you cut back?
The eating out thing I only go with it's a you know a freebie. I got these certificates. You go to that. Then he's freebie thing with the kids you free. That's right. You do.
Mm hmm. Cheap six. Cheap skate. Cheap. That's right. Cheap. What are we going to do when you get fired? About what? About your life. I don't know. I'll go look for a job somewhere. I hear there's radio stations in other places.
Oh, so anyway, I didn't I didn't finish the social security guy called. I was in the middle of that ridiculous email about the have I heard of James crystal radio, whatever the hell that was.
Oh, don't tell me I lost it. That would be bad.
Neil Mike Johnson says wonder which of the bees these will be pocketing the big $8,000 new profit they made in last quarter.
The beesley broadcast group or radio company based in Naples is slash station operating expenses by 19%. But only nearly managed to post a profit in the first quarter.
Beasley reported that income of $8,000 in the quarter ended March 31 or less than one set of share compared to net income of 1.2 million or five cents a share in the same period a year ago. Well, they made eight grand.
That's your yearly salary. Yeah. Now let's see. Oh, I'm never going to find this one. You want to know why because I took your advice and I didn't delete all these. Oh boy.
So I've got all these not to leave the eight million messages. I don't know who the hell it was from. Do you know the one about do you know what James?
What is it? James crystal. James crystal radio. You've got to be joking me audio radio experts. These are people that haven't got two pennies to rub together.
James crystal radio. This guy must be boyfriends with Norma can't. Yeah, a 50s got a great signal and they got no audience and they got no money.
Other than that, they're great. There is no place to run. No place to hide. Keep channel. They're cutting like crazy. They got no money. They're losing their ass. They're losing a big fat hairy ass.
I'll have my blackberry with me tomorrow. So keep me posted in developments. Okay. Immediately. I've not sooner. Of course.
And if jolly Joe comes to you and says, by the way, George, after today, bye, bye or something like that, just go out in the hallway. Drop your pants and take a big dump and say, clean it up.
Just like Carla and the guy father, clean it up. And then have somebody take pictures. So do you believe that thing about Bob McKay is replacing clearance?
No, not necessarily. Who knows? From their mouth to God's ear.
This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Clarence, you're too gay. We're gonna get mad. We're too gay. I wish her name was Larry.
Larry, it's you're too sweet. She anything's too short. I want to be accepted in the world of sports. You make it kind of funny.
For me to have the road fun. This girl has a lot of money. But now you don't think I'm so dumb.
I can play it like you get stuck in the street. But twice in champ will in her head. And to collect double indemnity. I'll push the bitch down the stairs.
Clarence, you're too gay. Too late. I'm already mad. We're too gay. No, we're selfish.
Larry, you're too sweet. She anything's too short. It's the right thing to do to take my way to court.
But Clarence has just gotten married. Now they sure as hell wouldn't blow him out right after his wedding. Would they?
No. Yes. Part for the business. It's part for the course.
Here's an answer for you. It says the solution is simple. George is gonna have to work nine to five like everybody else. Take over another job there so they can fire somebody else.
I don't think George wants to work nine to five. I don't think they're gonna have anybody else left to fire. Do they?
That they want to fire. I mean, there are certainly some people who are candidates, but no message. No response from normal can't get here. It is 11 o'clock. No response.
If you get that call from social security, though, that's a hell of a lot more important to me right now.
Well, no, when you come right down to what it's not the most important is that we keep we saved George's ass.
This is not pleasant. I mean, in addition to which I'll tell you one other thing. I've got the window cracked in here. It's not doing much good.
But they haven't turned the AC on yet in the building to sing around me 15th, which today's only the seventh. It is hot enough to boil into a frying egg on the floor in here. Great.
Just boiling. So hot that I actually thought I had a fever or something. You know the shrine or whatever. I took my temperature was 97.9.
A little bit low. That good. Thank. Thank the Lord. Rather have a little bit low. Then 102.5 or something like that. Good because we're concerned about your health.
Yeah, I know everybody there is concerned about Neil's health. You know, he's been missing so many days lately. He's been so sick and he's an old man. He's dying over here. Trust me.
I'm dying over here. Joe Bell is worried about my health. Oh, brother. I'll save that for his stand up routine. The downtown 60 points.
And the damn loonies up to almost 86.000 point. That's really bad news. That's bad bad F and news.
Brances have been enjoying your show for many years. I lived in South Florida for two years and that was long enough.
Even though the weather is wonderful, the people there are shallow and rude. Oh, very good, Brent. You're right on target.
All I can say is good ridden to that hellhole. I'm back in Austin, Texas. We're most everyone as civil to each other. Love you. And you'll keep up the great work and stay the hell out of South Florida.
Well, I was just there twice in last three or four weeks, but for a couple days at a time, that's fine.
I don't mind it for two, three days. And then after that, give me the hell out of here. You know.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil. This is paradise. It's paradise, especially when you work for Joe Bell.
Oh, the fake Greg Budell sends a picture. I told you this yesterday or a Tuesday picture with two skanky, horrible looking brawds.
And he looks worse than them. He looks at least a hundred years old. You really are obsessed with the archi.
Here's a pick me with a couple of Alabama cuties to keep you satisfied if that's possible. Greg. Right.
Another fake rig. You know, these people get these pictures off of your Facebook and my space and all this crap.
And they ask you around with this crap. They dummy up a whole bunch of it. But that's okay.
Dummy up all you want to just set it along. Neil at Neil Rogers dot com. Kill some really good time.
And we got a long time to kill today. I'm sweating, man, because it's so damn cotton here.
You ain't got no fan. Turn that AC. Why the hell should I need a fan? Well, you shouldn't, but guess what?
This is not funny. It says this is tragic. What do we do? 10 30 tomorrow morning? Do we attend the memorial service for our good friend Ken Maldon?
Or do we stay close to a radio to listen to the huge surprise announcement from Landshark? I mean, Dolphin Stadium.
In all seriousness, it's a shame that many people who worked with Ken over the years would love to attend the memorial service will have to be at the press conference instead and not be able to attend the service.
It doesn't seem good for all Ken and his family. That's that's sick when you come right down to it. Isn't it? Yeah. Sick.
Not for broadcast from Greg Budele. Oh, with Walter Sabo, not for broadcast.
A little bird tells me serious XM is willing to match whatever clear channels offer to Simon Castas show have normal contact Walter Sabo.
Here's a phone number. I'll tell you what you know what they need to match. Oh, zero. That's what cheap channels offered. That's what serious XM is offered. Drop dead fake Greg Budele.
And quit trying to stir up the same old garbage. Remember all that that we went through? Yeah. Oh, my God. Just ponderous man. Like hate like what's his name would say? Casey case him. F and ponderous.
Oh, the banks are undergoing a stress test. Did you ever hear such a thing? Just on the news here. I have no idea what that means.
It will be announced today. Banks are undergoing a stress test. And of course, most of us have been put through stress by banks like that thing with my social security deposit being lost.
They've got the right routing number, the right account number. All the stuff information is correct. There's just no money in there.
But this guy seemed very apologetic and very like he knew what he was doing and he's going to get it replaced. So he says.
So I guess I give him another few days and then after that, I'll call back and just scream and holler and carry on and have a stroke on the phone.
I might convince him that there's something really wrong. Something's rotten in Denmark. All this crap about Shannon Burke. Did you ever hear of Shannon Burke in Orlando?
No. Shannon Burke is accused of attempting to make indirect contact with his injured wife. He's back in jail.
A day after he was freed on bail from the Seminole County jail in connection with the shooting of his wife and her dog fired radio host.
Shannon Burke was picked up for violating terms of his release. Burke, 43 former host of the Shannon Burke show on real radio.
104.1 of him is accused of sending a friend to his house with keys to retrieve his motorcycle and legal documents. His lawyer said.
But that was a violation of his pretrial release designed to protect his estranged wife, Catherine Burke, whom he shot in the head last week amid a domestic dispute.
Deputies determined that Wednesday's incident was an indirect contact with his wife which violated terms of his release.
Shannon Burke was booked in the Seminole County jail, surely before 9 p.m. last night. His attorney, Richard Horn's B said.
And Burke was nowhere near his wife when a mutual friend tried to retrieve the tattooed radio host motorcycle from the family home near Ultimont Springs.
He said, Catherine Burke spoke with a friend during the incident. He, Shannon Burke was on the phone with me miles away when this was going on.
Horns B said, bottom line, it was a mistake. Catherine Burke's attorney, Michael Ratho had a slightly different version of events.
I got the friend of call from Kathy and dialed 911. He said, describing as kind as crying and sobbing.
Ratho said, Shannon Burke could have retrieved his property Tuesday or Wednesday under police as court, but chose not to. He didn't do that. He didn't get permission.
Ratho said of Wednesday's incident.
Wednesday's attempted entry through a back door. What have worked Ratho said except for one thing. I had the lock changed yesterday. He said.
The friend who tried to enter the Burke home left to seem before deputies arrived. Mr. Burke did not think Mrs. Burke would be at home. Horns B said.
Burke's first appearance in Wednesday's case will be this afternoon. He was expected to be in an orange County courtroom this morning for hearing on the probation case, but his attorney only will attend that hearing instead.
Shannon Burke never heard of him.
Sirius XM is going to match dollar for dollar on a dollar for dollar basis.
Remember that? Yeah. On a dollar for dollar basis.
Oh.
In fact, this is what they've all said to me. I offer this.
Right. That's what they've all said. Cheap channel. Sirius XM. They got no money.
So the fake Greg B. Do you can start poaching around and sending all these stupid emails all over again? Not for on the air.
Yeah.
Well, you're talking about a fantasy. There is nobody offering anything anywhere. Just just leave me alone.
Oh, here's old news. Who the hell sent me this eight off circle. This is so old about the jets. I've said about the first two games in flicking with Russia. Shona and Yoam Kipper old news.
Had that story weeks and months and a hundred years ago.
Jerry says, Neil, I was recently laid off at the operation center. I was working at.
I like a positive working environment where I can make good money and work with people I like.
I've been considering a career in radio. What do you think? I think you're a crazy person is what I think.
That's what I think. Jerry. Get some help. Get some mental health.
Career in radio.
How many years have I been telling young people? People of all ages do not get into this business. These are a bunch of grave robbers.
That's what they basically do. I made a lot of money in this business, but I'm an exception. Most of the people in this business have had their lives destroyed like getting run over by a freight train.
Why do you think I haven't heard a word from Norma can't? I don't know. Maybe still in that federal court that you mentioned.
I doubt it. Maybe Charlie Joe isn't taking his call. Maybe they're still topping. Maybe it's better be, but it would put up like that guy from Social Security.
Well, it was said on April 20th and blah, blah, blah. We've been out seeing a thing about it being when you're churred.
When did you check? I said, I've been checking every day. There is nothing in there. There's not a dime, not a peso from Social Security.
And then he finally said, well, how do we proceed? What do we do? Well, I'm going to take care of it. I'm going to have another reissued and blah, blah, blah. Whatever.
Do you think he's going to take care of it? No, you don't. Wow. Maybe he will. We can only hope for the best across the country.
Just like your situation. The same thing. We can only hope and pray for the best. Hold our breath.
Here we sit with a six point seven share from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and men 25 to 54 in the last book. Here this show is kicking big smelly, oozing ass.
And we've got a fat ass GM who's trying to dittle with it. Just won't leave it alone. And you continue to believe that your buddy flea is your buddy. Well, that's me.
I think if push comes to shove like you like you already said, he'll do whatever Joe tells him to do. Right. If Joe tells him to squat and lick his kneecaps, he'll do it.
If Joe tells him to squat and take a big smelly dump right in the middle of your head, he'll do it.
Better go ahead. Joe's boy. You understand? Yeah, I've heard this. Neil Rogers.
Hello recently San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom announced that he was running for governor of California on Twitter.
How can you trust someone who uses the Twitter for important announcements? Twitter is for casual chatter like telling the friends messages about the dropping of the dose in the bathroom or things of this nature.
I'm tweeting now. I am scratching my balls in the press conference and all of this. And the good in the front row has huge bullbits, smiley face and the multi kinds of this nature. See, that's what's with us for and so on and so forth and these kinds of things. Thank you.
You're welcome. 1117 at 560 W Q AM happy Thursday to I won't be here tomorrow, but don't worry. I won't be on sick.
We just had that important dolphin press conference to announce the name of the new stadium of the old stadium, the new name of the old stadium.
George will be there though with three, maybe even though they don't like George on the air doing the show filling in. I mean, is that one of the most inane things you ever heard of in your life?
OK, yeah, I didn't ask him for the day off Friday. I didn't know what damn thing about this press conference. Well, it's up to you. If you want the day off, you can have off Friday, but you're out too much.
Does that make any sense to anybody? No, no.
That was not 88 point. Maryland says listen to George for the first time in years. Much improved. At least he doesn't talk with the Los Angeles mouth. They used to be so annoying. Did you talk with Los Angeles in your mouth?
That's what I recall. I think she's confusing you with me. I used to talk with the Los Angeles when I had that all that sinus infection crap going on. That's a long time ago.
Although I did have last week ahead that when I had that flu crap. Also from what I heard, George says they wanted to tell you the times he filled in for you sounds like Johnny, Jo and Joyce are trying to figure out a way to dock your pace is Maryland. I don't think so, Maryland.
That'll be a cold day in hell when I let them dock my pay.
Oh, and the fake Greg Vidal is backing. He just in a feeding frenzy today.
Little bird tells me serious sex. I'm just going to match whatever cheap channel is offered. Yada yada yada. Have norm contact water. I'm going to tell you if water. Say, but we're sticking his nose in my life again. He's going to have real tourists.
Get away from my life. Walter. Say, well, you ask clown you. Anyway, Greg says you should F I E N D. Fiend a real agent. Norm does not return calls.
How do you like that? Yeah, you should fiend a real agent. Definitely.
Greg Vidal. And this is a Joe Bell, I believe. Now what I should do is call Norm during the next break. Okay. Call a cell phone and see what kind of lame excuse he's got. Why haven't heard anything from him?
That he was supposed to be talking with fat ass Joe Bell this morning and getting the situation to clarify.
Do you think you deserve a response? Some kind of answer. Do you think deserve a few hours of notice?
That whether your life is going to go to hell? Yeah. No. Yes.
I think what they're trying to do is just stress me out to the point where I just I just like collapse. You know, and yesterday I felt like that was going to happen.
Have you ever been so sick that you felt you couldn't even get out of bed where you have? Yeah.
From drugs. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Right. Sure. Yeah. Has never happened. Never happened. No. Well, from what you always used to tell me about you were so sick you were like puking and falling on the floor and stuff like that from flus and illnesses and things. Flus and illness, huh?
Oh, deon. Oh, deon. Weed. Are you kidding me? No, I'm not talking about. I don't know. I'm just quoting what you used to say. I don't have any idea why I used to be puking all the time and falling on the floor.
You got kids when you got kids they bring everything and you can fall on the floor. Yeah, at least for me yesterday. I didn't puke. I almost fell on the floor. Why couldn't get out of bed? I I mean, I eventually did but boy.
I was weak and oh, just felt like death. I thought this is the final day. The final chapter. Then today I got that damn building. Well, I can't do the guy coming again at some indeterminate time.
Do we have any information about that? No. We don't. Well, you ought to put your good close personal friend Lee on the case. Find out what the schedule is today.
So I don't have to disrupt my whole life again for this damn thing, which I know nothing about, which nobody told me anything about.
Now, Al Edelstein emails silly email again. Glad the social security people don't carry your benefits. Well, they haven't taken care of anything yet. They talked a good game. Like they're going to they're going to get on top of it.
We are still waiting to get my Russian wife a social security number. We use the opposite pamper flakes. Perhaps they're still listening.
They weren't listening before and they're not listening now. Okay. The guy didn't call me because he was listening. He called because I left the message here on Monday.
So please straighten out arena social security. Oh, yeah, no problem. Al. It's been almost three months and she wants to work. Sorry to bother you again with this. Keep George says Al Edelstein.
Please straighten out arena social security. Oh, no problem. In fact, we're going to change the whole nature of the show. Ask Neil. Ask the expert.
You got a problem. I'll take care of it for you. You got fired. I'll get your job. You're not getting your social security. I'll get it straight.
Now get a life now. Cut the crap. Okay. I have no life. Obviously. Is that pathetic or what? Yeah.
Oh, and Hawk Mark. This came in last yesterday morning.
As I told you yesterday morning, we at the labaster show in on set. Sedona was going to head the new morning show. However, I didn't know that Crystal was going to get equal hosting status.
As I told you before, Sedona wanted to continue to thrive under very low expectations during the midday slot.
But he finally was put enough under enough pressure to move to mornings and be a team player.
I didn't know that this crystal chick was playing a hard ball in her own right. Apparently she didn't want to be George Sedona's little girl sidekick as she had been in Fox premier radio during their over the last day.
I told her that she wanted to be his equal. That's why things took so long to come through. That's the story of the Crystal and George show.
You could bring your wife on the show. We could have the Crystal and George show. Oh, yeah, it'd be a barbure. That would impress them. Right. We wouldn't be talking about sports.
Well, why not? Because your wife isn't a big sports fan. No, you're not. No, neither of us watch men play games. Oh boy.
How unqaam radio like telling you. So what's the story is Clarence still there next time Clarence walks in say you still here?
That was down almost 100 points by the way. Not good.
Oh, Mike and Holly would ask George what MILF stands for. I know what it stands for. Okay. Idiot. We all know what it stands for.
Anybody under the age of 200 knows what it stands for.
Can that cute? Yeah, like I said, keep in common. We need a lot more emails today to keep this turkey going to two o'clock.
Neil at neorodges.com. Oh, but take some calls. Neil, take it. No.
I wonder how many months it's been since I've taken a call. Several. Yeah, I know. No, I don't know. I wish.
I sure wish. I think I got the swine flu. Where would I get it? Swine? No, seriously, where the hell would I get? I don't know any Mexicans.
Who? Do you know any Mexicans? Yeah, but he didn't go in four and a half years. Maybe, uh, maybe it travels anyway.
Yeah, how come then he's healthy and I'm sick because he's one curious flying. Now I know what a big fan you are of Dr. Pepper. Yeah.
I don't know what you have against Dr. Tasty. It's nasty. Doesn't taste awful. It's different. I'll say you want your colas all to taste the same. That's the one you don't want.
I'm just kidding. I'll say tab. I will say tab was horrible. It was like medicinal tasting and you tell me they still make it. I think they do. Yeah. I don't see it anywhere. Thank God.
Now Coke zero. I don't mind too bad. In fact, I think I'm drinking it now. Uh, yeah. I'm drinking it right now. Now let me see how it tastes.
Not really very good. I like that Pepsi. Oh, me too. Period. In fact, I have a big bottle of caffeine free Dr. Tasty.
Well, you can find it also not bad. I can't find that here. RC Cola. Yeah. That's for red necks and people with good taste. I like RC Cola a lot.
But I also like Dr. Pepper. Poking through antiques to his while traveling through the Texas pan handle. Bill Waters doubled across a tentative ledger book filled with formulas.
He bought it for 200 bucks, suspecting he could resell it for five times that turns out his inkling about the books, but it was more spot on than he knew.
The Tulsa, Oklahoma man eventually discovered the book came from Waco, Texas drugstore, where Dr. Pepper was invented and includes a recipe titled D Pepper's Peps and Bitters.
I began feeling like I had a national treasure said water is 59. When the eight and a half by five, 50 and a half inch book of more than 360 pages goes up for auction to Dallas based Heritage auction galleries May 13.
It's expected to sell for between 50 and 75 grand. It probably has specs of the original concoction on its pages. He said.
Waters discovered the book. It's yellow pages stained brown on the edges underneath a wooden medicine bottle creating the shamrock and teaks to her last summer.
A couple of months after buying it, he took a closer look as he prepared to sell on eBay. He noticed there were several sheets with letterheads hinting at its past like a patron prescription pad from a Waco store titled W. B. Morrison and company old corner drugstore.
Now let me let me put a line there because I wanted this is too important to like chop it off. Okay. I want to do the break. I want to come back and finish this because I'm sure that I couldn't be the only person in the world who likes Dr. Pepper.
No, a lot of people out of business if I was the only person who liked it. A lot of people do. You just don't. I want to. Well, that's why the H. Who liked poison that must be it.
The O Rogers got.
The 65 Pontiac GTO hit the swing.
The year of the quick wide triner is a little GTO in every new GT 37 and you don't have to be over 30 to afford it. That's pure Pontiac.
Pontiac GTO for 1967. In the time you decided to ride the wide track winning street.
You want to see something really exciting?
The arrow GTO is now the H. Who can see this?
Full Carving leaving a real warm dash. No price one. Well, the wide track tiger is from Bonniak.
The 1977. The Pontiac Grand Bad is destined to become America's number one sports car.
A road machine that really flies get a firebird. A Pontiac Firebird, the magnificent fire from wide track country.
Flying out of your Pontiac dealers in mass formation. Check out a firebird today. You'll find one to fit your personality and your pocketbook.
Everything from 165 horse overhead cam firebird on machine. To the fabulous 325 horsepower firebird 400.
Get your friends to free thee. Firebird wake. Energy.
The 1971 Le Mans, T37. When Pontiac builds a low price tarot, it doesn't look low priced.
And the luxurious firebird is free. They're all pure Pontiac and all of your Pontiac dealers today.
Oh, yeah, not. I guess that solstice I bought for Paco is going to be real collectors on it. Probably worth about. Oh, I don't know. 45 50 cent.
Eight cents. What? Eight bucks. About 30 cent.
Cuban George says diet sunk is to die doctor pepper are great. I can't find a diet sunk is I would love to get that.
You know, like when you have a cold or something like that diet sunk is orange is just great. Can't find it. It is.
Well, that's because I'm too lazy to go and like the regular supermarket and I buy my shirt. It's not easy to find. It's great when you could find it.
It's not easy to find. No, it's just not common. Like I said, if I went to the real supermarket like Dominion or something like that, a big supermarket like a public's equivalent, I'd find it.
But I buy all my soda in the no speaking English or a convenience story. One on a Y. It's convenient. Right. Can we sit across the street? No speaking English.
How do you how do you operate a business and that no speaking English only speaking Chinese point to things? I guess.
Diet sunk is in diet doctor pepper are great. Courage says I used to work for Victor Posner in the own RC cola, but he be dead now. RC cola was great. However, their diet right cola blew. I remember diet right.
My cardiologist said we shouldn't drink any type of something of cola because something to do with chemicals which the body can't absorb properly. He said red wine is better. Ever hear that? No. No. Try the wine.
I never drink wine. I never drink wine. What?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don
I don't know. I don't know . . stars eats food yea. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yea I don't know. Yea I don't know
tomatoes. The house from George Stick or ...
Make sure you can get fire tomorrow I do get fire tomorrow I'll make sure if my cheque a- Ivon
doesn't show up tomorrow I'll make sure you make sure you have it afforded your house I'll have free
CreditMORE FLY CAES OF DR. HE'S YOUR BOY
Oh yeah, most serial killers are Christians.
This is a pretty interesting thing that Oishmojujus sent me.
Oh, and it goes on.
It'll kill some really good time.
I never finished that thing I was doing before about Dr. Pepper,
what I do with it.
I got it here somewhere.
I'm a little disorganized and disoriented.
You'll be dismayed to know that Norma Candace never replied.
Heath, Heath who I'm positive is Joe Bell.
George wants to blow out George because he doesn't believe George's hype.
George was bragging Jesus is number one in the market behind you.
What is it?
Hey, Zeus is number one in the market behind you.
I agree with you that almost anyone could do his job.
George is too kind to send him for Joe and most listeners.
George eating on the air should be earned by years of talented work,
not because the legend Neal does it time to time.
It says the Joker.
Yeah, you're real funny, Joker.
Blow it out your ass.
You're annoying.
So all you are annoying.
Fred says the lovely Sarah Palandrix Dr. Pepper,
and didn't you think you had anything in common with her?
I'll screw her too while you're at it.
Can the public go to see Jimmy Buffett Friday morning?
It says George's great would hate to see him get cans his mic.
How do I know if the public can go see Jimmy Buffett?
Oh, he's got a couple of songs at the press conference.
I'm sure the public cannot go.
Yes, no, no, it's for the press only.
It's what?
The public may not go.
Well, then they better listen to QAM.
If you want to be part of all that festivities,
and all that the big song and dance,
10, 30 tomorrow morning.
I won't be here tomorrow because they give me the day off
because I have too many sick days.
None of it makes any sense to me.
Why don't you ask for the about that, your close personal buddy?
If Joe is so upset that I'm missing so much time lately,
and he's worried about my health and all this other fall,
which is just an excuse for trying to cane your ass,
then how come they give me the day off tomorrow?
I could easily work 11, 30 to 2 or 11 to 2, whatever it is.
No problem.
But it sure would be nice to go to Woodbine early
when there's nobody there.
Find me a good machine, Mon.
And I could use a three-day weekend
after yesterday's illness.
Oh, boy.
And you know part of the problem?
No.
Two damn hot in here, man.
Get the AC on in this building.
You crazy conucks, man.
Crazy bastards.
This is one of those buildings where they have a system
where you either have heat or you have AC.
You don't have the ability to have no individual control there.
Why?
You don't have individual control, the other.
Well, I have individual control, but it doesn't provide both.
You can crank up when a heat is on.
You can crank away up or shut it off.
Or when the AC is on, you can crank away.
But not both at the same time.
So the whole building is either on heat mode or AC mode.
And so they give you the sound of the ants like an October.
It could be freezing out.
Oh, well, we don't turn the heat on till November 10th
or here's some crap like that.
And the same with the AC.
Oh, we don't turn it on on May 15th.
It could be just boiling inside.
It's not that hot outside.
Breaking news, Wesley and gunman details.
To stay home as well on the line with us right now
is the mayor, Sebastian Juliano,
a middle town.
Mr. Mayor, can you tell me about the advice you're giving
your community and I don't want to be overly dramatic here
and just trying to make your town as a town and fear.
But it certainly sounds like there is real reason for concern here.
Well, I think anytime you have somebody who committed a crime
like this, still at large, there's reason to be concerned.
Because first of all, we don't care about them.
So I think they're, I would care about what's happening in Connecticut.
Not much.
There's some crazy gunman on a loose or something like that.
It's 16, 61.
So I would hardly say that it's like boiling outside,
but it's boiling inside because there's no AC on.
All these problems, man.
Ishma Ahmed says we had worked listening to George Wednesday.
Joe Bell is right. He's awful.
Turn him off after five minutes.
So Ishma Ahmed, don't like your show.
Oh, gee.
So, hey, Ishma, Kishmer and Tossus, that's my comment to you.
The thousand seventy four points.
Not so bad. Not the end of the world.
Okay, the big recovery is on the way.
Good ass.
You did a lot of things.
The Rodgers on Sports Hole Radio WQA.
Hey, ready?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, ready.
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, G-Mite.
See how you do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we're dead.
I'm trying to go black them.
It's about the boxes.
Check this out, y'all.
Ah, read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Okay, I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
Hey, sports page.
Not a magazine.
What a book.
What a book.
Yeah, sports page.
What a book.
What a book.
What a book.
Yeah, not a sports page.
What a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Okay, I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K-I-E-A-D-D-S-B-O-T-R-N-E-X
We need these water, so drink that
We need some land, some land
We need spinning red, some land, some land
We need spinning red, some land, some land
We need spinning red, some land, some land
We need spinning red, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth
rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock some teeth
rock some teeth, rock some teeth, rock get stuck, get stuck, stick lemon it's wild peanut You put your mouth there, careful.
INCUTE armor look doctor for pizza, Ill get twisty, et Craz g easy Ill get twisty, vader Rear scientists
facts came out because it's on colored paper. It came out after fashion.
Okay. Because obviously the food's here. Really? Yeah, Roller.
Okay, and anyway, here's the poll. We got 510 vote. Not too bad considering.
Is it too bad? No. The one thing I have cut back on due to this nasty recession is
eating out 177. Not even close. When's hands down your pants eating out? Right.
Vacation 77. I didn't cut out anything. I'm a rich bitch 69.
Excessive driving 66. If we have all those rich people out there send Georgia check he's
going to need it maybe soon. Right. No message from Irma Kent.
No more strip joints 35. No more paying for sex 26. No more donations to the church 19.
No more donations to the RNC 15 good good selection. No more drugs 14.
He'll be running the homeless voice bomb six and dumped my mistress or boyfriend on the side six.
That's what we got so far. Get those emails coming in man we got two hours in 11 minutes to go
not that I'm counting. So have you seen your good buddy Flea today or what? Today? Yeah, not lately.
And what do you tell you about what life? Nothing?
The fake Adam Kirschner says I feel really bad for George. Tell him to watch out.
Joe may give him random drug test in order to get him.
Yuck yuck. And then it says subject or a forward WFTL question mark. What is this obsession with
this James Crystal Radio? Don't these people understand that they're a non factor they barely exist.
They barely make a blip on a radar in this business. Don't these people understand that?
Oh like D-fo how does D-fo don't know about he's got a point that station doesn't show up to 640 WFTL.
It doesn't show up does it like I said doesn't make a blip on a radar screen. It might as well be off the air.
Oh, but James Crystal Radio I bet you're enormous sending those though. Those are his buddies over there. Steve Lap on all those losers at James Crystal Radio.
That's our future George. All right stations that have a point. Oh.
Now where would I do with my doctor pepper thing? Oh, don't tell me I lost it. I shmitcand it. Is that possible? Oh here's not possible anything.
Well, it's important crap man to me. It's not really important, but it's kind of interesting mildly.
Anyway, this is a Walters guy said that he noticed there were several sheets with letterheads hinting at its past like a page from a prescription pad from Waco store titled WB Morrison and company Old Corned Drugstore.
An internet search revealed Dr. Pepper first served in 1885 was invented in the Old Corned Drugstore in Waco by a pharmacist named Charles Alderton.
Wade Morrison was a store owner. Faded letters on the books frame. Brown covers a castles formulas. John Castles was a partner morons for a time.
It was a drug use at that location as early as 1880 said Mary Beth Webster. Collections manager at the doctor pepper museum and free enterprise institute in Waco.
Did you know there's a doctor pepper museum? No. Wow. Now there's something for you to put on your itinerary.
As he gathered more information, Walters took a slower turn through the pages filled with formulas for everything from piano polish to
Harry's store to a cough syrup. He eventually spotted the depeppers peps and bitters formula. You know all of these things,
coke and all these and the early they were like medicinal right and coke used to have coke. Yeah.
They were medicinal elixirs right hanging up and used to sell them like it carnivals and like that.
It took three or four days before I actually realized what I had there, Walters said the recipe written and cursive in the
ledger book is hard to make out but ingredients seem to include mandrake root, sweet flag root and syrup.
It isn't a recipe for a soft drink since Greg Artcop, spokesperson for the piano based doctor pepper snapple group.
He said it's likely instead a recipe for a bitter digestive that bears the doctor pepper name.
He said the recipe certainly bears no resemblance to any doctor pepper recipes the company knows of.
The drinks 23 flavor blend is closely guarded secret only known by three doctor pepper employees. Oh gee,
I hope they don't die in a plane crash or something like that. You'd be really be broken up over that. Yeah.
What I mean no more doctor pepper. I doubt it. Michael Riley chief catalogger in historian for the heritage auction galleries say they think it's an early
recipe for doctor pepper. We just feel like it's the earliest version of it. He said he hasn't now ever tested the theory that
by trying to make mix up a batch neither has water. He's thought about it but would need to find someone to
decipher all the handwriting. Maybe it's in hieroglyphics.
McKinney said the ledger book was bound to be popular with doctor pepper collectors because it's from the
time the drink was invented. Dr. Pepper collectors. Wow. Wow.
Flipping through the pages of the ledger book takes one back to a time when drug stores were neighborhood hubs
selling everything from health remedies to beauty products mixed up by the stores chemists.
And among the formulas being mixed up in drug stores were treats for the soda fountain.
The two-page spread and waters book has recipes for soda water syrups including pineapple lemon and strawberry.
There were very few national brands. They said their lifeblood was on their formulas.
They used to mix and match like little vissal net. Like when you used to go into a fountain and get a real
cherry coke. Yep. And you'd look at it and you could see the cherry syrup like mingling in with a coke.
And you could see it and then you would drink it and it would be like sickeningly sweet. Really good
if you like sweet but almost sickeningly sweet. You know like the people we work for almost sickeningly
sweet. At least they got the sickeningly part right right.
Well let me check my outlook express and see if there's something on there from Norma can't
although he wouldn't be on air.
Neal any shot. Sorry. Any shot of the dial getting back to 6500 I need to get back in at the bottom. Oh
yeah. What is that? Just oh that's the stock stock broker boring. Tell George the
closer to the mainstream his views on sex drugs and religion represent the views of 10% of your
audience. I turn him off it's repulsive and fleece set them up on the air to make sure your audience
knows his views. Is that exactly how you feel? How do you view this? And El Stupido takes the
takes the big girl up little George. He says fleece setting you up. Okay. Set you up for the big fall.
It's a setup. That's what he says. Or Mando cannes pharences.
He says a few touristic places here offer balloon rides meaning in a Capulco or wherever the hell he is.
Yeah. Have you ever tried taking one? Do you think the you think it's worth the experience?
I think I'm going to try. Yeah go ahead Manny. Good luck to you on the way down.
Balloon ride. Yeah. I think that's what we're on as a balloon ride.
Well it's almost time for our neal deal. I don't.
Chiracin feel like Thursday to me and then I have tomorrow off. Wow what a week.
So what does that make it? A three or eight week? Okay. I kind of like that. I'll bet.
How about a two day week that starts like around June 20th something like that?
Well right now we got neals half prize deals and we have a Brazilian dining experience that awaits you with Fuego Vivos.
And what have you got there? I got ribs, mashed potatoes. Oh no tell me you're eating with your mouth full of gas.
Oh no sausage. I don't know what this is. A prime rib and some filet. I've already scraped.
Okay one moment please. Okay. Well no I got to get on the site.
Right. 75. We got one. 75 left. Oh so you're going to take here that good good thing.
Show them how useful you are. Yeah. Well no I forgot to get on there. It's all right.
John ZTR is here. How do you like that? Are good? You're your hero my buddy. Yeah.
You're close personal buddy. 32. Hey Neil how are you?
I was listening to Bubba today for about two seconds and someone called in to say that you were claiming that Bubba had low ratings.
Bubba said he doesn't know why people are saying that because it's not true. Well it is true.
He went on to say something about it but I had to turn the radio off at that point. Maybe we'll get another spy report from somebody else.
If anybody else listens to Bubba to love Spongebob.
Here they are right in my hand. 6 to 10 a.m. men 25 to 54.
Big Paul and Ron number one with an 8.2 share. 8.2 they went through the roof.
Bubba's not on the first page. He is on the second page though.
He's number 14 with a 3.0. Now they had a 2.8 on HDR in the fall book when he was non.
Then he came along. They went from a 2.8 to a 3.0 which is not exactly what I call a major move.
8.2 to a 3.0. You decide who's got the big number.
Okay. Okay. 31 by the way. 31 what? Certificates left. That's all we have left? Yes.
Oh I should do this thing about Mother's Day brunch. Reserve now for Mother's Day brunch.
Today is Thursday. Probably still have some time. This Sunday May 10th 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Enjoy our all you can eat meat service featuring 19 different cuts of beef, pork, lamb,
salmon, shrimp, poultry and sausages roasted and grilled slowly to maintain their natural flavors.
All served right off the cooking skewers. Liced and you're played by the carvers and
you're in my salad area too with fresh salads vegetables, cheese, cold meats and a hot
choice buffet with sausage links and delicious side dishes. A sort of selection of breads,
cakes and breakfast patries roses for Mother's Day. That's this Sunday May 10th Mother's Day.
Happy Mother's Day for all you mothers out there. A lot of mothers in this audience believe me.
Well I have to say that today because I won't be here tomorrow. Okay. You're going to miss another day tomorrow?
Yeah why don't you get the blowdown on that? What's the story? The tent left. We only have 10 left.
Are you sure? No. Are you sure? Are you searching it now? You know something might come back.
You know how that works. Oh we know how that works. By the way, yes one of these places is not too far
from you. I highly recommend that you go there alone or with somebody. Really? Really?
Which one are you talking about? The one in sunrise. Oh. Okay. Well next time I'm down here,
I'll have you set it up if you're still with us. That's right. Or if I'm not, I still will. Still.
What a guy. How do you like that? Well maybe do you? Come on. Are you surreal? No, I'm lying.
I believe that. We had a hundred of these news only two left. Right. And they're fifty dollars.
Difficult. I hope it's legit because you know the way sometimes these. By the way, I blocked that idiot heath.
No more. No more of that crap. I'm kind of all the negativity. You know? Just wears you out.
Oh here's the Tim Jones again. George Siddano's agent. Great. Good morning to you and George.
I've been listening to the show this morning while I'm hard at work. If I was your agent,
you get an instant response from me. I really want to help you in George out. But you seem like you
don't want my help. That's right. Have George sent me the QM hotline number. I'll call him and we
can have a conference call with Joe Bell today around two fifteen PM. Thanks again. George Siddano's agent.
Yeah. Good luck to you. Oh here's the real the real Tom jicke because he put the code word in there.
See Tom and I have got a way to communicate.
And he's sending me the real thing that he wrote about Ken, whatever was as opposed to whatever that
other guy sent the fake Tom jicke sold out comes what sold out possibly by the way sold out possibly
we think we hope but you never know. Well, no in a few minutes whether some come back or whether
you know whether it's legit sold out the real Tom jicke and there's his real email. I'm glad I
looked at it. It says that was my item on Ken that the fake Tom jicke sent you. Hank told me that
Joe Bell called as if there was anything he could do. Hank says he told him yeah don't come. Everyone
is going to be there hates you. And a boy Hank. All right. Oh that's beautiful. That was funny.
Here's the kicker. According to Hank, Joe was offering to help with the food and beverages if only
he could arrange a trade out class act. It's too bad. Some of Ken's friends will have to miss it
because of the renaming of mass and gale dou stadium says Tom jicke. How do you like that? Okay.
Let me read that second and third sentence again. Hank told me that Joe Bell called and asked if
there was anything he could do. Hank says he told him yeah don't come. Everyone is going to be
there hates you. And a boy Hank. Here's the kicker record of the hopper. Joe was offering to help
with the food and beverages if he could arrange a trade out. Oh Jesus God. I mean one thing to be cheap.
It's another thing to be cheap at a time of someone's death that you helped to put in the grave early.
Oh boy that just it makes me want to lay down on the floor and scream. Well take them like with you.
I could do it. I just don't have the energy to lay down on the floor. I'm much better than yesterday
but still a little under the weather whatever that means. There doesn't know there's stupid
expression. Under the weather. Yeah. They explained that to us or something. They did flying in the
clouds over the weather under the weather. Something like that. Get out of here. See you. Get out of here,
Meg. That's what Joe said. Yeah you still here? Amazingly. Let me say it again next time you see
this clear and say oh you still here? You know all the information we've had so far from the
fake great great betel has been incorrect. All of it. Every every morsel of it from the serious exam
everything from the fake great betel. Maybe it's from the real great betel. I don't know and I don't
care. Small potatoes. And of course if you were in Montgomery Alabama trying to siphon off from
somebody in South Florida you'd probably be writing a lot of the same stupid crap too. It's probably him.
Remember him and Joe are tight now. He came to town that one day was it last year,
year before whenever was okay sniffing around for my job. Yep. Oh when Neil Crokes or retires I'm
going to replace him in a quote Greg Budell your dream. And you couldn't even get an audience playing
music much less doing a frickin talk show. Are you dreaming Gregory Benjamin? God and there's one one
thing I'd like to remind him okay. It's a good time for the great taste. Neil this is noodles
reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Agony is correct. They put the
agony in Don Agony. Remember him? Yeah. Whatever happened to him I wondered. Not that I really care
about. Maybe he's on serious exam everybody else's until they go out of business. Brandon says here's
a small thought. If in your contract you can pick the producer and if you didn't like George I doubt
you'd have kept him around for 19 years. George must be doing good. They've been around so long.
Leave the poor boy alone. Joseph is Brandon. He's an expert on this job. Yeah leave him alone.
Leave George alone. What's wrong with you? Still no words from a Norman Kent. Let me check my
hotmail okay. Maybe it's on there is some big bunch of crap or maybe they're still maybe they're
still involved in some lengthy goings on you think. Oh man he remarital be suspended 50 games
for positive drug test. Who cares? Don't care. Like I said let me check my hotmail see what's on there.
I don't think so. Now look to promising. No. No response from Norman.
But here's the one that's still on there from 2.30 in the morning Tuesday night Wednesday morning.
We have to talk. Call me in the morning when you get up.
Doubt if you're awake now. No I wasn't until my blackberry buzzed and woke me up at 2.30 in the morning.
Maybe he reckoned you keep your phone on silence.
How many of the certificates you double check in on that? Yeah still sold out.
Still says sold out. Well that's fabulous in five minutes. We might actually have somebody listening
out there. Wouldn't that be something? Yeah. I talked about them all day yesterday. Not that that
hasn't anything to do with it. You're trying to take credit for my success? Yep. I always.
As always. There you go. I wouldn't be surprised if Flea is sitting with Jelly Joe right now in his
office in his office plotting and planning. A lot of plotting and planning going on here.
What? How are we going to get rid of that F and George? How are we going to do this? How are we going
to make Neil see the light? Grove City, Pennsylvania. A student is appealing a suspension from a Christian
college in Mercer County for appearing in gay porn videos using a suit or using a pseudonym.
Gate. 22 year old John Gechter of Philadelphia was suspended for one year pending appeal
from Grove City College after a student saw him last month in a video posted online.
Mr. Gechter is appealing the suspension and says he may sue claiming that the gay porn job
isn't any of the school's business, especially since he performed using the name Vincent DeSalvo.
Mr. Gechter says he used his porn and come to pay for a schooling. Well that's an innovative
way to pay your way through a school ain't it? School officials say Mr. Gechter suspended because
he was well aware of his porn involvement exhibiting behavior contrary to the values of the school,
which is about 50 miles north of Pittsburgh. John Gechter. What do you look like? On,
down 81 points for those who care those who are still involved in that in that scam and charade.
Arshina said that Maria B will be chiming in soon no doubt. Oh don't say that Mr. Rodgers.
It's a buying opportunity. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Buy this. Buy this bitch. Go buy yourself a
facelift honey. You need it bad. Get manned. I have to.
Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes.
We salute you. Mr. Shopping more food sample guy. Mr. Shopping more food sample guy.
You shamelessly block the pass of the most aggressive shoppers while holding a lot and an
identifiable meat like substance on a toothpick. My boss is a chicken. Sure it is. And that gummy
tobacco colored sauce that it's immersed in was prepared by Emerald. Bam! Well, whatever it is,
it caught the eye of the Rosio Donald look alike headed right for you.
More jeans than a Chinese phone bus. Sure, you drop samples on the floor from time to time,
but that's okay. It adds nutritional value. So we salute you. Mr. Shopping more food sample guy.
Your gravy stained uniform. Your mystery meat and your nervous tick. You are a real American A-hole.
Okay, it's 1216 and 560 WDQM. Lots of costed crap today. That's fine. Keep it coming.
Keep all the cost of crap coming. Maria says the fake Maria. Keep placing your future in George's
hands, pal. The only reason you have numbers is by default. Thank God I have iPod,
player in my company truck. I still listen to your show, but it's less and less. Oh, jeez.
Aren't you hurt by that? Shocked and hurt. By the way, serious is not going out of business. I
predict when the economy eventually comes around. It will surge and place a stranglehold on
her highly censored piece of crab dinosaur rage form of radio. Good thing you're holding on the way
out. It'll be less painful. George, on the other hand, please, please make sure you double
bag my groceries when you bag them. A schmuck from Maria Carroll, fake name. Yeah, probably a heath.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. You sure fool on us. I'll take that. All the fake cost to
emails all the time. But keep them coming though. It kills some great time. We love it.
Oh, and Tim Jones is back again. George's and honors agent needs to be blocked badly. I think
this is last email. Huh? Obsessive. The fake, yeah, the fake George and honor agent. I heard
you're speaking of Ken Maldon's service at Chula State House. Can you tell me which location and
what time the service they're going to take place? No, I will not tell you. I would like to go and
pay my final respects to Ken Maldon. He was a wonderful guy. The world needs a whole lot more
people like him and a whole lot less like you, fake Tim Jones. Any chances of meeting up there at
the services? I would like to invite you and George to dinner after the services. I mean, is this
pathetic or what crazy person? Yeah. Wow. Probably some lunatic over there across the street. No
doubt. Sure. Oh, and speaking of crazy people, Joe Barlow, who's got this sewer company, you know?
Oh, that guy asked me for asking me for a free plug subject plug it. Any chance question Mark? No.
And he's got his office number, his cell phone number, his fax number. The name of his company,
all this is an email address. Any chance? No. Start plugging. No. No. No. No. Plug this plug your
rectum with your head. Although I think it probably it's already crowded in there. Joe Barlow. How do you
like that? Yeah. People looking for free plugs. Buy some spots. Buy some spots. Buy some spots.
Buy some other effing spots. Sounds like a good bit. Good bit idea.
Copycat pi per burnt. Whatever that means. Do you know what that means? No.
Am I supposed to know what it means? No. I don't. Not much good stuff coming through here today
on these emails. You think the audience would be like in morning about your impending departure
if it's going to happen. Norma's still nothing. Did you call him? No, he did not. Well, what's the
point of I call him? I'll call him right now if you want. That's what you said you were going to do.
Well, I would I thought about it. Was it my idea? But why do I why do I want to inflict myself
with the aggravation? I can't call it a normal can't. Oh, for fun. One nine five four.
I'm not we're not going to put it on here. It's on my crack bar. I'm calling right. Well,
here you are. I don't want to call him on here because that would be I don't know. Invericing.
Bad radio. Oh, it's ringing to cell phone.
It's not answering. Maybe he's still in federal court.
Changing the future mankind could be you can't take cell phones into a federal court. He told me.
But then he was in federal court at a 30. Could he still be in there? It's almost 12 30 four
hours later. It's ringing and ringing. No answer.
Okay, so maybe he's still in federal court. Maybe that's the excuse for an author
returning my message. Maybe he's making a federal case. Yeah, he's making a federal case. Maybe he's
in there defending you. Unlikely, of course, but I know there was a silly thing. Like buddy. You're
good buddy normal. Yeah. Another one who hates you like poison. How does everybody hate you so
much? You're such an innocuous kind of a guy. Because I hang with you. Oh, in other words,
it's my fault now that everybody hates you. Oh, boy. I've done a lot of evil things in my life.
Most of which I wasn't even aware of. If you like somebody, everybody else hates them. Have you
noticed that? That's true. I don't know. I like fat riches. I've done a lot of evil things in my life.
Most of which I wasn't even aware of. If you like somebody, everybody else hates them. Have you
I don't know. I like fat riches. If I went to the track together for over 20 years, I don't
know anybody hated him. Well, there you go. See? Definition of under the weather.
Colloquial expression for sick or ill as for example, to be under the weather with a flu.
The phrase under the weather came from British sailing ships. When a sailor became ill, he was
confined below deck out of the weather. So what said he was under the weather? What? That's what it was.
Somebody says that. What does that have to do with the clouds and whatever
happened I've pedaling before? You were peddling a song in a dance. Yeah.
So you've seen your buddy Joe Bell today? He come by there to wish you
and is this the guy that came in there a few days ago and shook your hand and said,
congratulations on the book. Yeah. Isn't that the same guy and I told you be where the fat ass
Joe Bell? That's the same one. Yeah. Working favorstly to find a way to get your ass out of there.
Working overtime. He's got it in an overdrive.
Emailing normal over and over, foam calls and emails, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,
just planning and plotting to destroy another life. That thing from the real time jikka
was precious. Thanks Tom. That was worth a billion dollars.
Don't you think it was worth some serious money at least eight bucks? Yeah
Yeah, I got news for the way things are going eight bucks could be a lot of money pretty soon, right?
I'm just deleting these things from my crackberry I
557 votes on the pool. That's not too bad. There might be somebody listening. How do we do on the certificates? Are they still all gone? Yep? Wow
Here we go. Here's another no doubt fake and that Jorge Hernandez Cuban George. He's another chronic but keep him coming
Oh, it's a pool idea good. Keep the pool ideas coming to run and short on those really really short
Oishmoj you sent me this thing about Christian serial killers pretty interesting some interesting crap that will kill some excellent time
serial kills about six thousand pages long. Yeah, I'm serial
Oh, serious XM is the future man. That's where it's gonna be
Yeah, whatever you say
Steven says how am I supposed to recommend your shoulder people?
Listen to every once in a while. How are you supposed to gain to listen is when you put no effort into it?
If I tell someone to listen to your show they ask me what is it? What's it show about?
I tell them well, it's a guy who is on the air he reads emails for a few hours and complains about management at that point
People walk away with a blank look on their face. You know why people are flee so much. It's because he's better
It's because you haven't sucked the life out of him yet. So he's not down on things
Let me say it again. You know why people love flee so much. It's not because he's better
It's because you haven't sucked the life out of him yet. So he's not so down stop sucking. Yeah
How am I supposed to recommend don't recommend the show and don't listen Steven? Okay, go away
And quick give me a lecture in the song and a dance about how I do this and we're doing just fine
You think big big fat ass book must have been a lot of people lied for us, okay? And pretend that they listen right should send them thank you cards. Yeah
And I crap with puppet loves bunch, but that that's just astonishing
But one thing I do not respect one thing I just well there are a lot of things I disrespect
But one thing I hate the most about people in this business is when they lie about the numbers
How can you lie about them? They're in black and white. How can you go on a year and lie to your audience say oh?
Well, we did great. Thank you so much for our big numbers and you had a three-year
What kind of a big number is that?
Huh, I don't know sucks when the other guys that he's competing with in the morning
Don't have all that many morning shows that are really a factor anymore
He's competing with Paul and old Ron. They had an a two he had a three and he goes on a year and telling people and he's been trying to
Siphon my audience off and try and like suck up to me since today they put him on the earnest market
Like we're best about his I never heard him. I don't know from him. I've heard his name before
He's he's from what I hear strictly Tampa radio and that's it
But whether he's good, bad or indifferent the fact that it matter is he hasn't made much of an impact in the market yet
If he has it hasn't shown up in the numbers they suck
Here is the subject what happened to noodles?
It says you just announced it the other day Don Anthony was just like go from his job with several others
He had been doing the traffic updates ever since viewed Del left the market. Oh Don Anthony was Don agony
I didn't know that the guy that had been doing the traffic this morning sounded like an old man miss noodles already
As far as bubble on about his ratings the report you got about that call us more and back stuff
What I had emailed you before that he's claiming he's doing just fine here not surprising
Everything and anything is about him and only him
He's even made the Shannon Burke shooting about him proof that clear channel was wrong for firing him
You follow that nope, he's got a jug and ego evidently a
Lot of people like that in this business big ego
No numbers no audience talk a big game don't have any listeners
Not that I have anybody in mind speaking of ego, but you know like that and there are several emails coming in the mentioning that crowd
I don't I don't even consider putting him on here
Oh Ellie Brecker just got off the phone with Hank about Maldon wanted to talk to you as well
If you want just email whatever you want to say
Thanks Ellie Brecker from the Hill the real Ellie Brecker
Well, how do you like that?
So during this break I'm gonna send her an email
Okay about Ken he was just just a great guy. I mean, you know over the years. I've worked with so many
Hundreds maybe thousands of people in the business and there were some really good people and some really you know
Nondescript and some crappy people Ken Waldron was right up top five
Quality guy
But he's gonna be in the ground now
Febri is dumb and they want that is dumb
Hi everybody. It's me Britney Spears with an all new blog of day
Well everything is still going great with the tour in fact
Oh hold on someone's at the door y'all
Hi there. Yes. Hi miss Spears. I have a package for you. Oh, right now just sign here initial here and
You're hanging out there. Thanks. Have a good day. We'll do
Can you believe that there's like so many things to sign just to get a package?
Oh, hi kitty. That's my long time cat y'all
Wow, he's totally acting crazy. He usually only does this one open up a can of tuna
Hey, kitty come sit on my lap. I'll let's hop this blog
Wow, she really likes my lap today y'all
Now where was that with my blog?
Wow another person at the door
Yes, where the church of oh good lord your
Oh, I'm Jake and you believe that guy
That's so annoying when religious people try to convert you at the door
Wait a second. I feel a draft
Yo
Oh, I'm back again. Oh well until next time everybody
Y'all he sure has a tough time with that thing, you know, she's got a really rough time with it here
12.33 at 5.60 WQ. I am happy Thursday to it. I'm all I won't be here George
I'll be here for a little while with flea who's looking for George's job
Puppas Murf says been listening to your show on and off for a long time. He'll seems to me that George compliments
Can't figure out why the hell they would want to give it to someone who adds so much of the show it's beyond me
I guess that's what happens when you have a bunch of ass clowns running things behind a scene
He didn't say ass clowns, but I had a change. I say I couldn't say the whole oh, and I so we had misinformation
Okay, we don't have the 18 to 34 numbers. We don't so Lee well, I mean nobody ever sent him to me many 18 to 34
Okay, bubble was third many 18 to 34 with a seven share. So that's what he's claiming. I guess that's their demo
Okay, 18 to 34 man
Well, because that's how he's telling 2554
So I wonder what Paul and Ron had 18 to 34 come on flea. Let's get some stuff so I know what I'm talking about
If he had a seven-year man 18 to 34 that's damn good. That's a big number
Yeah, why don't we get those many 18 to 34? We were allegedly number two from 10 to two. Isn't that correct?
Mm-hmm
And what what kind of a number did we have? I don't know because nobody sent that to me see stuff that I want
They don't send like weekend numbers that nobody cares about they send that nighttime numbers that there aren't any they send that
But stuff like many 18 to 34 where we did really great this time and haven't done in a long time on this station we kicked some big smelly a ass
Come on flea
Give it up
And give up trying to take George's job that would be that would be so inappropriate for someone who's your close friend
That you go to dinner with and hang out with and go roller-dribbing with yeah concerts you go to concerts with flea yeah
I've been to like three really sure
Tony in Miami, Kendall
Didn't we already have Tony in Kendall and you see one of the people I blocked? I don't know listening you at home
On the computer I just can't get enough of your show tune in from it yesterday till I found out you weren't on I don't mind George
He's okay, but honestly I tune in to listen to you. Oh, yeah, let's play some tapes
An other day without a job, but I have an interview later today
So I'm keeping my fingers crossed well good luck to you Tony
It must be better there in Canada while I hope it is. No, it's not everybody's out of work here
I
Hate Miami, but my wife loves it here
So I'm stuck in this third world country called Miami of course you have to speak Spanish and it's not a good a job
Well seems that way and I don't speak Spanish so it's a pain in the ass living here
By the way, don't you love all these fake people saying you're terrible and they hate your show but they can't turn it off
That's Miami for you. Well, you'll have a great day and keep up the good work
And then it's got a bunch of double talk websites and stuff addresses. I don't know
Lot of stuff that comes through on here. I just go I don't get it no
response from normal yet
Maybe he's still in federal court saving the world from itself or maybe he's saving the world from him
Normal who wakes me up at 2.30 in the morning with an email that buzzes my blackberry sound asleep
And after I called him and talked to him and put puts me in a sour negative hostile mood
I go back to bed and wake up when he is to the morning sick sick as a dog
I know we looked at up a couple weeks ago the sick as a dog and I still don't understand all kinds of dogs have a bad rap
Yeah, quick picking on the dogs, okay
Stop the presses it says time magazine is reporting bearing
Dan Rather
Oh, I see reporting bearing rather not Dan Rather the news that Joe the plumber also known as Samuel Werselbacher is quitting the GOP
Sounds queer to me. That's big news considering Joe became the new GOP mascot during the McCain campaign and since advised the party during conferences and in capital hell briefings
Here's the excerpt from the time article
Oh, this is from Cliff and Kendall. Thanks, so he's a good guy cliff. He sends only good stuff only good stuff
Never any crap never have anything useless
Well more elections big government is never popular in theory
But the disaster rate school lunches and prescription drugs and make up big government have become wildly popular in practice
Especially now that so many people are hurting
Samuel Werselbacher better known as Joe the plumber are you faxing me something? Yes, tells time
He's so outraged by GOP over spending he's quitting the party and he's bullseye of its target audience
He also said he wouldn't support any cuts and defense social security or not mine
Medicare or Medicaid which along with debt payments would put more than two thirds of the budget off limits
It's no coincidence that many Republicans voted against the stimulus and claim credit for stimulus project in their district
Or that Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal stopped ridiculing volcano monitoring programs after a volcano erupted in Alaska
We can't be the anti-government party snow says that's not what people want
So there you go
Joe the plumber anybody care about him nobody ever cared about Joe the plumber Joe the plumber remember those clips on the news where they kept
quoting McCain and even Barack Joe the plumber said this Joe the plumber said he's a dumb redneck
Sorry for the redundancy we got the 18 to 34 numbers for the morning. I just asked him for the mid days as well
well good
Power was number one of the morning with a 10.5-year
May 19 to 34 6 to 10 a.m. W. E. D. R. was number two 7.9
And W. H. D. R. he had a 7.1 get it right flee 7.1 he was third
So I my profusor apologies because he's evidently referring to that
They went from ninth in the fall book of the 3.5 he doubled it with a 7.1
So that's something that well you know that's where he beat out the Paul and Ron in this demo with a six
They had a 6.90 at a 7.1. They were right on his ass right behind him
How do you like that? Where's Q.A. M. on it's not on the first page been 18 to 34
Those young sports fans turned come on sports turd fans what turd page
Where are they I.O.D. 1.2? Oh my God
21st with a 0.9 a 0.9 we got to get those midday numbers
If they were 21st how how could we be second?
That is that a trick question no seriously
Seriously
If they were turd yeah now tell me when he comes in with those midday numbers
Did he come in yet? No is he racing in there? No is he doing summer salts back flips?
Is he got a knife and ready to stab somebody speaking of it in the back? I know he's got a
Nothing to do America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking you've seen him on Channel 7 news first
As a tube it reported now as a tube an anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined Rick Sanchez
Hear the Dolson tones of the man who brought you crunching Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez sings
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face or over higher. Lear it's one show you all want to miss. Thank for a good one
Oh
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from God. Dale God
1244 16-1 at 560 WQ am I sound pretty good today forgot it was so sick yesterday. I'm worried about Neil's health
I'm worried about Neil's health. He's concerned about your health. Yeah, F. Him. I almost said it. I'm gonna say the word
So thanks to Flea for getting this info 10 to 2 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. We were tied for a second with power
WEDR was number one in many 18 to 34 with a 7 point share
And we were tied with power with a 6.6. That's from a 0.9. Oh point nine in the morning to a 6.6 in midday and
This man wants to dittle with his show
Yes, the answer is yes
Don't you think they've nived and paired us down to the bear bones we just have three people on this show now we got you and me
Oh, wait a minute phone call. Uh-oh. Hello
Okay, that's the apontiac dealer calling to make sure that everything is just fine. They actually follow up that place. They're good
Nice and I just took the vet dealer there for service yesterday and had a bunch of stuff done and they're good
How come all of a sudden during the middle of the show today all this stuff is going on
Social security guy calls me back the Pontiac dealers call me about the assaults. This blah blah. Norm Kent's calling you back. No, he's not. Oh
Well, I never left a message, but he will see that he missed a call. You know, he'll see that I tried calling right maybe I'll try calling again. What do you think?
If you want I don't know right now right now
Sure on my crack bird not on the year
I'll let you hear the hold of thing up
Oh
Still ringing um
Norma
We're right in the middle of my shore. Are you still in court?
You you are
Oh, you're out of federal court. Well good. I'm that you're not on the air only. I'm on the year
Only I'm on no, you're not on the year. I said you're not on the year. I am you're not
Because I had sent you an email earlier this morning to try to get a lowdown on whether Georgia getting fired or not and you haven't responded
So I guess you didn't get my message
or he didn't
Right
Yeah, maybe you've got an important message from jolly joe bill my close personal friend
Okay
Thanks
Well, how do you like that? He actually answered the phone Norma. He just got out of federal court
He's an important guy you understand. I do understand that
But he's gonna go he's getting home right now
He's gonna check his messages and he's gonna put on the radio and call me during a break
And let me know if there's any uh, you know anything going on
So we sold out the certificates. Is that what you're saying? Yeah five million one hundred of them
That's a real feather in my crap. I'll say to that and yours too for plugging the hell out of the place yesterday
They were great. They deserve it
Then why didn't you tell me this one? I was down there. This past weekend. I hadn't been there yet
I only went there day before yesterday
The I see so you actually were there. Oh, that's right. You told us that yeah, and it was phenomenal
From a point nine to a six point six that's but of course it's not about ratings you understand George
Oh, it is about ratings about getting as low as you can go. Oh, I see well. I'll tell you that's the area of expertise
For jolly joe
I want to read that email from the real time jicke again
please
That was my item on kin that the fake time jica sent you
Hank told me that joe bell called asked if there was anything he could do
Hank says he told him yeah, don't come. Everyone who's gonna be there hates you
Here's the kicker recording to Hank. Joe was offering to help with the food and beverages
If only he could arrange a tradeout class act
It's too bad. Some of Ken's friends will have to miss it because of the renaming of
Massing-Gale-Doo Stadium says time jica
Real time because he's got the code word in there right
Is that it just leaves you almost speechless, you know those of us who are paid to speak yeah
Even me it leaves almost speechless the whole the whole ambiance of this whole thing is just so incredible
You you would think and haven't I always told you everything we get from joe bell is always negative yeah
We get this great book six point seven share number two tied for second 18 to 34 men
Unheard of on this station and what do we get fire George
Rob who must be joe's boyfriend says your show is number one on the station right
So why does joe bell want you to quit my guess is that you did something so bad to him behind the season
This is why he hates you question mark
I enjoyed George when he fills in he even had a guest on the show the other day almost reminded me of when you used to give a dang about your job
See another still another stab although it does say your show is number one on the station right yeah
So I must still give enough of a dang on to about my job to make the show number one on the station
Damn had a guest on I think I had a phone call from one of the the girls that was gonna be at exotica if that's what they're talking about oh
Well, I remind me of the days when I used to give a dang about my job dang dang it yeah
John and Lakeworth are old frances Neil good batter and different about Bubba in the words of the wooden rondia as label number on
Bad he blows unlistenable
As far as those geniuses within the corporate force you work for our concern
They're right about your age after 19 years together and great numbers after all this time
It's time to break you off if it works well and people like Ken Walden they feel compelled to do away with
Uh can't make the listeners happy Neil God forbid love you at John and Lakeworth
Yeah, let's see how many people we can destroy during the 10 year of joe bell how many lives he can ruin how many people he can put in the ground
Let's just continue doing that
I saw him for congratulations to Hank
That was it's one thing about Hank. He don't pull any punches
If he thinks you're an asked clown he'll tell it to your face or you know or if you're just coming around a corner from that day on he had it in for Hank
And he he's had it in for me and since the early days when I told you that he was just a uh just a paper tiger
That Joyce was running the show oh
I agree with everything you're seeing Neil, but I don't know what to tell you
I don't know what to tell you that was always his response to any any problems
We had like you know the fart sounds or like the phone callers. I don't know what to tell you
Well, you're the manager for crying out loud. What do you know? You know anything? Oh
What do you know
So I got to hold a normer that that's a good start. We're getting making some progress today social security guy normer can't
I mean, it's not to like
If you got my email, Ellie Brecker if you think good if you think of any anecdotes or specific memories send along as well
Um
Well, I mean I could send her more but I'm in the middle of a show here. You know, it's not bad enough. I'm taking all these phone calls
I could send her I follow up
I don't really have all that much to say other than how great he treated me when he was at biscayne kennel club. That's when I first met Ken
He was at GBS. I was at KAT. I guess I was going to the dogs
That was a neat place back in the day before they destroyed the neighborhood. Biscayne kennel club. Do you ever go there?
No
No, 125th in this game. I've never been to a dog race
You haven't ever in your life. I've been to the track over here, but only when they have other events. It's kind of fun
I've heard this as long as you keep your money in your pocket here comes the money. Oh
The thousand down 53 points speaking of losing your money
And I guess the reason that a lot of these things including horse racing are
Going the way of the wind is because the and I've said this for years
They never went after recruited young people to come in a tent
So, you know the old people who were fans of dog racing horse racing they die off and there's you know once you dead
You're dead. Hmm. We're not coming back. That's what I hear
That's what I hear from mom not coming back. Nell's. I think I'm on the way out. You're already out mom
I hear something that's mildly interesting welcome to the oddest day of the year
It doesn't get any more odd than today, and that's a mathematical fact it says this is also in Cliff and Kindle
Today is May 7 2009 that's 5709 three consecutive odd numbers
That's a calendar quirk. We've seen only six times since January 1 1905 13 months after the Wright Brothers took to the sky
Therefore, let me be the first to wish you a happy odd day and a celebrate San Francisco school teacher Ron Gordon
Is celebrating with a mathematical odd day festivities with a $579 prize going to the top puzzler
Whatever that means 5 7 9
It's an odd day. I would sure go along with that. Yeah. Oh
Stress when it doubts stress them out man. They got diabetes stress them out put them through the ringer
Like those old-fashioned ringers these two you know put clothes through yet
Like like hanging clothes on the line. Are there still people to hang clothes out on the line to dry?
Yeah, I see it all the time you do you see it driving around yeah, you see clothes like in your neighborhood
Not in my neighborhood. I put a pipe on my mailbox if that's the case not in my neighborhood
If my neighbors are putting laundry on the line to dry, I'm just not even the gypsies do that in my neighborhood
Not even the gypsies in my neighborhood do that. Oh, and you'll be very disturbed to find that the gypsy that does my driveway
Yeah, I think he did again this week. Okay
Well, it needed to be done. Okay, he black tops the driveway and it does a good job
He doesn't overcharge it's like a hundred and forty bucks or something like that. He does a fine job
I know you hate gypsies, but yeah, he's persistent man. He keeps coming around knocking on the door knocking on the door
And John finally told him sure go ahead go ahead
Go ahead. That's as I said go ahead
And I guess he done it
So there's a happy gypsy for you. I guess he's a gypsy. I don't know you keep saying that that's what these people do
They go around not necessarily the gypsies the Irish travelers also have that scale the Irish travelers
Well, what are the Irish travelers? Well, they're not gypsies. They're Irish. They come from Ireland
But they've they're like American gypsies. So why aren't they Irish gypsies?
Because they're not because gypsies are gypsies
It's an actual ethnic group. You know, it's not really nicknamed for people who are a thief. Oh, get out of here
It's an ethnic group. They're a Hungarian gypsy. Right exactly. And
Like they're a Hungarian Jews and Italian Jews. You know, yes, so why can't there be
Their Irish gypsies their Irish travelers. They're a different thing
Also scams also gonipes scam artists. Yes
But the guy does a good job on my driveway. So you say but then it has to keep getting redone doesn't it?
What do you mean by that? That's supposed to have to block top your driveway that frequently
Every few years every few years. Yeah. Well, that's that's how often we do it. Okay. You don't think every time he comes
Not going on the door. We say go ahead. Go ahead. Here's the money. Go ahead
No, I don't know because he's a major pest
It's the one to do hour
This is CNN everybody avoid non-essential travel to Mexico because of the swine flu crisis a Texas family exploded
Because they have the swine flu you're probably not protected from this string of swine flu
US Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano through at least one gasoline bomb and took over some buses
She even gave a play by play what was happening? I got diarrhea see it's possible the virus can mutate and turn into a polar bear
You can see an adult bear biting her after she jumped into a mouth
It's possible the virus can mutate again and turn into a car
No, it does not turn into a car actually they wrote need to say that it does not turn into a car
We're right back with more head London. CNN breaking news
Like them 101 at 560 wqm breaking news everybody's gonna die. That's true. Everybody is gonna die
Can't argue with that Kenny
Nope, although like my landlord in the Sarasota back in 1973 told me he wasn't worried about the dying because by the time
He got old enough to die they'd have a they'd have a cure for that nobody would die and cure forever. He's dead died a long time ago
1973 WSPB sorry soda
All of my boss snooki Lansing cliff Lansing
We used to come snooki behind his back. He hated the fact. I call it sorry soda hated it
But it is the city of hate that's an nickname for Sarasota the city of hate
You hear all that noise outside? No, and I've got the window up pretty wide open here. It's not doing very much good. It's not circulating much here
Get the AC on in here honey
junior
Tom Delewis is dead, but he seemed like one of those guys who would live forever in spite of his fat
75 that's not too bad for a big fat tub like him is it? No
Wow
Many remurors will be suspended 50 games for positive drug test says the LA times. Can we care about that? No, not really no
The test result and suspension expected to be an oscillator today
The suspension will cost your mirrors 7.7 million dollars roughly 31% of his 25 million dollar salary
Players in violation of baseball's drug policy are not paid during suspensions
From mirrors is expected to attribute the test results to medication received from a doctor for a personal medical issue
According to a source for a million with the matter but not authorized to speak publicly
Yeah, medication received from a doctor for a personal medical issue
He will be eligible to return to the team July turd
You
Anybody anybody with a brain care about that no only the sports nerds care about that the Dodger fans again
Maybe Norma cares about that. I'm not really sure if Norma is a Dodger fan a met's fan or a marlins and a marlins how the marlins doing
Did they win last night? I don't know. Did they play last night? I don't know and I don't care
Blue Jays having a big year Toronto blue Jays the one sports team in town that doesn't suck real bad so far
Let's see
and alb
MLB we want to know inquiry minds want to know the official side of major league baseball
And they want to know oh, we want to know George's opinion about this
The guy that's trying to buy the Phoenix coyotes
coyotes wants to buy the team
Which allegedly they're going bankrupt and bring them to southern Ontario like Hamilton
You think we have room for a second hockey team and to compete with the maple make believes
Why not there you go George says why not
Steven Harper says oh yeah, I'm all for it Steven Harper
Atlanta three the marlins one oh that game is going on now that's an afternoon game
Oh, no
Are you ready for that? No
And last night it was Atlanta eight and a Marlene six marlins are falling on tough times
They're 15 and 13 they started out 11 and one I think something like that
uh
Had that seven game winning streak
And now they're 15 and 13 if they lose again today, they'll be almost back to 500 there
They're on tough times man. They're off tourists the marlins and that game's going on this afternoon right now
I'd have a gigantic tune in audience across the street not
And that's right there in
Shmendrick Park whatever the name of it is
This guy keeps sending me this thing about
uh, WKIS 99.9 radio station has been playing fart sounds in their comedy vits on the morning show
What's up with that isn't joebell on that station too? This is exactly the same email. He sent me weeks ago that I read
Do we care that kiss is playing fart sounds? Do we care about that?
No see that here they come come and get you here it
They're coming to take jolly joe away
They lost to the bravest
I just said they lost eight to six okay losing three to one today repeating the short film
I wonder if that and that game's got to be on my TV. Oh boy. I could do a little play by play and get them really upset
I mean, I can't do it, but I could but I know better than to do that solace
Sorry, Sid. Sorry, Sid the kid with one shares and let he's a factor like oh there it is
One game
I think it's after four and a half. I better I better get off of that because I'll be tempted to do a little play by play
You know me you know me my baseball play by play
Lee hurricans
Okay, do I want to do this thing about serial killers or not? It's very very long
I'm interested are you yeah, well you would be being the heathen that you are that's right
Orlando man charged after jumping on stage with Britney Spears speaks out
I'll look into that
Man's stoned at that in Iran for adultery
Well a lot of barbarians in the world today, and uh, yep
Most of them very religious which gets to that serial killer thing
We'll get to a thanks oish moiju. It's about time you send in something worthwhile
Boss Florida sent me this one babysitter of the year
Date no higher the pastor of the tramfin house of god is upset with officers who arrested him at the church
On child and dangering charges monday may four three days ago
Past your Anthony Mallory 28 is to appear in court for the charges after an officer driving near the 200 block of north
Kiwi street spotted his two children playing alone in a parking lot next to the church around six p.m
Officer Keith Colberley said the report a seven-year-old child was pushing a seven-month old infant in a stroller with no adult supervision
A bystander also flagged on other officers near and said they were concerned for the children's safety
Officers went inside the church and confronted Mallory asking him if he thought it was acceptable for his children
To be in a parking lot unsupervised
Officers had the children were in danger being hit by a car abducted because of the traffic coming into the parking lot to frequent other
Bindnesses near the church
Mallory told officers the children play alone in the parking lot because he has video cameras around a building
Mallory became upset with the way the officers approached him about the matter and said he was going to fight the charges
He was issued a summons to appear and his children will release back to Mallory
Pastor the tramfin house of God
All religious people let me warn all you kids out there the religionists are all crazy people. They're all dangerous
Dangerous the more religious they are the more dangerous they are that's why we'll get into that serial killer order
593 votes on the pool and hands down the one thing that I cut back under this nasty recession eating out nobody's even close
200 votes right the case in 1991 but eating out 200
Oh
Here's one from the fake Wayne Heizinger. I wanted to make you wear the George in
Siniway that you hate Cubans yesterday after speaking about Cuban food
George said you hate Cuban food even though you've never seen it or tried it
He then made a remark about you hating Cubans in general total lie
George's want in this regard for authority might be a contributing factor to his upcoming dismissal
I rescind my offer providing George with future employment
You were saying that I hate Cubans stop hating Cubans would you
What a lying sack or crap
I guarantee I've had sexual relations with the hell a lot more Cubans than you ever have
Right because I haven't had well there you go anything
What I haven't had sexual relations with any well there you go
So if I hate a Cubans why would I did it with them? Oh nothing personal back in the day
I don't I don't really care about people's ethnic background. You know if they're nice people
If they're hot people if they're nice people whatever I'll you know
I'll hang with them. Oh, you don't say
Okay, or stand now's done 86 points
Nothing from reabeded them little disappointed in that bitch. I mean in that
baggy eyed bitch
And no good information from very
Jackass except the same old stuff we already know about Jorge Sedano and Crystal whatever her name is once your name
I don't know
Crystal somebody starting Monday in the morning or new and you can only imagine if he had a two points something in the midday
He's gonna have one shares in the morning. Well, it's the same as said
Or maybe numbers that start with a oh you never know
And I like from Rachel seven. It's the new hot air shows
I like the news of this song for bit writing
I'm lucky I'm fine like the American pie
Well, he got so I don't say no
This is my favorite karaoke
Yeah, I love the way that it ended
The bitch haven't been the same since sir. Thoka of dying died. I know
Yeah, I heard that was some party crack read through
But thing I didn't go much advancing
Of course it's not easy flying back here from Rachel seven. I know thank god
I'm here
It's all over for you poor slip stuck on earth president. No, well
Well, if you're lucky that crack head is the last bus to rig an election
Who's on this line? WQAM Mr. Rogers speaking. I wish in the public sugarlactica today
sir
And let me tell you
Clip out coupons in Thursday's paper are deceiving. I discovered to my
Oh, this is
I know
To for 99 cents on the contrary got him off
Two brake stones for 99 cents now. I don't know about you
Try to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cottage cheese
When your coupon clearly stated
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails now who's this son is lying chef in a nine
Klingon penal colony hello. I forgot into the three tires. No
I got okay and that note you know I gotta renegotiate my contract
About a one minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes. That's right. I'll count your bindage next
George bye bye bye
Great news for me. I paycheck showed up three days early. How do you like that? All right
Not exciting and maybe the social security guy's gonna come through for me maybe
Kenny grammar your close personal friend
Yeah, I think there's something in the year today. There must be something
I don't want people to panic or anything like that but
Everybody is crazier than usual this week remember I said that on Monday
Yes, they were like really strange and then Tuesday. They were ultimately strange and then today
Even stranger
Kenny grammar who usually has something to contribute
He says today is five seven two thousand nine
Um odd day not quite last time I checked two wasn't even number
What is that he says who are these math geeks they got a wrong no oh five oh seven oh nine five seven nine Kenny
Last time I checked two was an even number do you understand what he's trying to say? Yeah, he was saying that other guys wrong
But based on what
Based on there's a two in there
five seven nine
75 07 09 that's fine
Numbers that begin with oh like our numbers at night
Oh, don't say that now now here's another caustic that this is this is probably from what's his name John ZTR
Screw George and screw you two for that matter Terry from Bokeh long
caustic
Neil I was actually surprised to hear this more in the Georgia been with you for nearly 19 years
How he's lasted that long as one of life's mysteries as far as I'm concerned
When George is talking about religion or some of his life experiences. He's just terrific
But George is now 40 issue with a wife and a least one child and he's still talking about snot
Farts boogers swing clubs and dope. I don't talk about snot or farts
Why not
What's not to like? It could be interesting, but I guess it's not
I've got to be truthful when I say that I'm surprised he isn't in jail that his wife hasn't left him or that the state of Florida has removed his children from his home
George could have had a serious career in this market long after you packed it in
But he chose to promote himself using the lowest common denominator most of the time
So if he gets fired he won't be the first to lose his job for not realizing the market was changing
And they would probably have been more successful had he taken a higher road and as legacy won't even be a bump on that road
You should have taken the high road George the market has changed whatever that may get a high road right now
And as for you, sigh it says meaning me
The market has changed and you might have realized that if you had enough class to live down here with us
No enough stupidity to live down there with you
With bitter nasty hostile ass clowns like you
And just like mashed cheers Dallas and so many more sources of our amusement your talent your wit and your style
Has sadly gone by the boards and you're aimed dead on toward that big scrap heat of a heap of radio life
And yeah, you've made a bundle while you've been with us
But your time is over and if you had any dignity left you'd quit before you're ultimately fired and some early branded dinosaur
And I say this after having been one of your biggest and most loyal fans over the last 20 plus years Terry from Bokeh
Yeah, my biggest fans would definitely take the time to write me swill like this
If I had enough class to live down there with us
Yes
Class, where's the class in South Florida
Low class
Your aim dead on toward that big scrap people retire retire. Yeah, you could have just written one word retire
Me and George and of course George if you'd realize the market had changed. Oh, yeah, and quit talking about snottin boogers and fart. Oh, okay
You need some class man
To attract the class east out for the audience
You know the amazing thing about all this cost of crap not well, which is just the usual garbage, but it comes after we had this great book
I don't say that we have a problem on this show
we don't
It seems to me that since we we I took the show back from those three or four chronics. We don't have a problem
Oh, Miami Joe, this is the same guy who wants me to plug his he's asking me something about the you know
Go away Joe die die a wicked death die die a new
599 votes on the pull we're gonna go over 600 and that was down 95 point
Then they got the wildfires in California is not unusual. No
Breaking news
Everything is breaking news
It's to me. It's like the media suffers from a boy that cried wolf syndrome
Like with the swine flu same thing
Everything they make a big gigantic simisato and then come to find out with a little bit further investigation
It ain't the big simis that they made out of in the first place
I think I'm getting a little bit of air in here maybe just a little on a lot
Now the thing I'm concerned about taking all this extra strength Tylenol as I once read that it's really really bad for your liver
Okay, although at my age, you know how much more damage can I do to my liver with all the crap that I've eaten in my life
Well, you haven't done like you not a drink in guys no liver is probably and that's the one good thing. I got to go and no drugs no drink
no fun
Laszets is just wanted to chime in on a couple of things first hell George. He should definitely go to the dog track
I go to Palm Beach Canal club always have a great time. I actually watched the Kentucky Derby there one a hundred dollars on a race
cheap beer good people watching in good betting
Second I wanted to comment on the story we're speaking of this morning about the Catholic priest
I grew up in the Catholic Church in my baptism communion confirmation, etc. You went to Catholic school
I figured out what a scan the church was in high school as most educated people finally do
I find it disgusting
Which I really shouldn't be surprised but nevertheless that the Catholic Church we've opened a priestability to do his job
When the child molesters get caught molesting young boys get moved to a different church in another state. Where's the outrage?
I shouldn't care because I don't practice a religion
But I just find it unbelievable that people still feel that they should attend church when the people running it allowed the child molesters
To be around kids and people and preach to the
To them but a priest who seemed with a lady at the beach gets tossed out
Sorry for vending love the show and tell Johnny Joe. He sucks and leave George alone
Leave him alone
Or else
Or else we're gonna come and crap all over the floor and make you clean it up
At least he's got a good experience anyway practice makes for a perfect
Right yeah
Like like and by the way ask me if Norma ever called me
To give me any uh, Norm ever call you yeah
See this is the way this goes day after day after day goes by and we're cut with our pants down, you know
Then all of a sudden something happens. Oh, well, I just got an email from uh Joe and he says tomorrow's George's last day or something like that
Because Norma was in federal court, which I realized you know takes great precedence over you or me or any of this other stuff
Although Norma wanted to make sure I sent him a check with some money, which I did for a few grand
For services not rendered
You know what I'm saying yeah
Well, let's see maybe maybe Norma can uh, bring me some good news during the break
unlikely and I sure hope you don't call on my home phone you better call me on my cell phone
I'm not gonna go running in the other room and trip and break my neck to get a call from Norma can't
So what's your take what what's your prediction you think I'm gonna get a call this hour?
nope
I would say there's a better chance of the guy from Social Security calling me today than Norma and the guy from Social Security already called
He sure seemed very interested and very helpful. I'll tell you that. I guess that's his job, huh?
Yeah, the Dow is down a hundred points
Howard David's a bitch
Hold on
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacol can fries a new contract with the two-year extension and a dozen
Epoly
And a oily paper bag of griveness
gallon of pistachio menta ice cream
industrial size box of cornflakes a one-month membership the blue boy online and a quarter-sum young guy
Yeah, a
Cool-go sandwich on pump or nickel line flavored griscoe fluffy a box of tripe tenders 10 nearly burgers
bromo seltzer and pocket full of maricle
for now. Yeah
So anyway, Neil, if you're still there with the contract negotiation underway, I should bring your attention
Hey, it wouldn't be a minute, Neil. Hold on. Yeah excuse me
You say trace
I said try try
Oh, I think you still have the sweet baseball cards as a family lead
Okay
Thanks
129 ask me of normal call during that last break. No, I'm not gonna with news about your future or past
No, no
correct
That's the movie correct
John ZTR is back with another email the defending himself. He says that emailer to blasted George wasn't me
He blasted both of us by the way big time
sigh
I don't have anything against George. You know, what's that guilty song you play every once in a while go something like
y'all the y'all the sorry can't be more descriptive
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah, it's called y'all the y'all the that's what it's called am I gonna play it no
Oh
Wow
Bonds, Florida says extra strength talent. I was very bad for you. I told you I heard I've been hearing that
I know England Patriot is on kidney dialysis because he took two a day for 15 plus years in the NFL
I
Bad for your kidneys. I thought it was bad for your liver. Well, whatever it's bad. It's bad
Extra strength. So I guess you know, unless I start feeling sick again, I'm not gonna take him
Old good idea. I'm not gonna take him for 15 years. Well, I don't think I'm gonna be around for 15 more days because you know
They're very concerned about my health in the building
Scott and panelists park by the way the other day I played that thing that the chicken XM
The ABC News Sounder and I said it was the contemporary news network wrong was the old ABC News Sounder
The ABC contemporary sounder with Scott and panels park allegedly sent to us
But I says did you enjoy to get it? Did you get it?
No, that was the ABC contemporary news sound
Was very adromatic you got it no we didn't get it Scott
The ABC contemporary news sounder
From like the late 60s. We had in Kalamazoo with WTPS
Not exciting. Yeah back when I worked in real radio station
Paul says I'm sick and tired of people ripping on George
He's a quality host puts on a compelling show every day you can't make it
If people don't want to listen to what they can simply turn it off
Jolly Joe ought to be grateful to have someone who can bring a number during the dog days of summer keep on rocking George
Says Paul Thompson. Thanks Paul. Thank you Paul
No, no, we don't can't afford to pay that money, you know
See that's what it's really all about is trying to like
cheap it down even some more than it already is and then the lie is oh we're concerned about Neil's healthy is out so much and
We'd rather have George on then flee
Well, how many talk shows is flea done when you come right down to it?
I don't know a few here and there. Yeah here and there. I don't I'm not keeping track of that you know, I don't listen to the station
He doesn't do a show on the station. What are you talking about he's done some
Here on this show yeah, and I couple of times on the year over on the west coast
He did talk shows on the west coast. I don't know about talk shows talk shows my ass
Ask him if he did talk shows on the west coast. Hey, Lee. I don't know. He's not here. Hey flea
Fat man after dark says instead of trying to improve the ratings and make money
Jolly Joe has made it his mission to destroy WQA and done a heck of a job too by the way
I've listened to you since I was a middle schooler and you remain the voice of reason in the unreasonable world
Joe Bell needs to stop reinventing the wheel and trying to fix things that aren't broken leave George alone is what the fat man after guard says
Jimmy Dorsky says I'll get to that thing about the serial killers in a second
I Jimmy D's is my continued residence in South Florida has nothing to do with class everything to do with stupidity
Although moving out of here was out of my control. I was only 13
I had plenty of chances to leave and simply never had the money or the balls
Maybe I'll make it out of here one day wish me luck. Well good luck to you Jimmy Dorsky
Boss Florida sends it. This is on roster. Hey now GOP Florida governor to be out in film. Oh, let me go to roster.
Whoo
Not the limperous Charlie Chris. Hey
Ah
You
DC anchor tells gay activists you'd like to punch them in the face. That's nice
Florida governor to be out in film. I don't see it
Don't see it
Maybe he'll send me the article boss for it because I can't find it. I don't see it
I mean wouldn't that be a big story when it be up on top here so I imagine
Vail out recycling of money maybe illegal oh here it is GOP governor to be out in film soon
Wasn't that the film we were already talking about a couple days ago and it says they didn't really out him per se
That's what they said well says coming soon now. That's why he didn't send me the story because not on area
Well, thanks for the heads up and heads down boss heads up heads down heads up heads down
The FBI gave the standard profile of a serial killer. He is a person with few friends
He became much more religious just before he started murdering people after reading all the available studies
I could find and studying all the articles and newspapers for over 30 years
I found what is most outstanding is serial killers were sexually inhibited by their strong religious upbringing
Nearly all serial killers are very development who were raised by members of Pentecostal sex fundamentalist Catholics or were hard shell Baptist and Methodists
Studies after study show serial killers are a product of this environment not genetics
You can find much information on serial killers being sexually inhibited and their views on sex and religion at and then it's got a link crime
crime library.com
On TV a woman said she had interviewed more serial killers just after they were cut than any other person
She said when you ask a serial killer questions like why did you murder this more loving married person with children
Didn't you think of how terrible this would be to her husband or children her parents almost all serial killers start quoting one verse after another from the Christian Bible
This shows most serial killers had strong religious upbringing have been studying the Bible for years and we're still very Christian religious when they were murdering
Dr. Kinsey was said of the Kinsey Institute revealed one important aspect of the incest offenders against adults was obvious during the reading of each case history and our search for varieties of offenders
This is their ability to be religious more realistic and tolerant sexually inhibited and at the same time live a life of disorganization drunkenness violence and sexual activity opposed to their religious sentence
This encounter would use in congruent usually occasions no psychological stress or least none that cannot be revealed by periodic open repentance
The incest offenders against adults with the most religious of any offenders nearly half being classed as devout
Nearly all of these development were members of Pentecostal sex or a hardshell Baptist Methodists
I found serial killer similar to incest offenders in their ability to be very religious yet do activities opposed to their religious
Tennis and suffer no psychological stress Hitler was a Roman Catholic altar boy and wrote of wanting to be a Catholic priest
He and his men in charge of killing six million Jews were Catholic religious fanatics until death
Stalin went to college to be a Protestant Christian minister he became president of Russia and time after time had millions murdered
Bruce Lee murdered 26 people the Flint journal says Bible reading was his only consolation and he quoted the Bible saying Matthew 6 verse 2 no servant can serve of two masters
David Berkowitz called son of Sam murdered more than 10 women
The newspaper said he called himself a born again Christian
Burwood the article in the Flint journal quotes him. I was searching the Bible in the soul searching and I decided god wanted me to do that
The Yorkshire Raper was on a divine mission and felt he had been chosen to hear the word of god
He murdered 11 girls
Samson Candorai a mass murder called the ax killer kill more than 30 people
The newspaper reported he did it to a piece evil spirits. He was a Christian
Watts the Sunday morning slasher killed 11 women the article says he did it to eliminate evil spirits
Jeffrey Dahmer was a serial typical serial killer kill more than 23 young men and eight many of them
The college professor at WSU wrote Lionel was a son of Lionel Dahmer creationist
I went to the library to read vacations the Milwaukee newspaper on CD Jeffrey Dahmer was son of a fundamentalist
a fundamentalist creationist
Then it goes on and on in the Flint journal
I read of a very religious person putting a child in a microwave oven and cooking it to death to drive the devil out
I guess that would do it wouldn't it sure would do it for me
I read of another religious couple getting rid of devils by putting their little girl in the oven of a stove and
Propping the door shut with a chair the neighbors called police who arrived too late to stop the poor screaming girl from being burnt to charred dead mass
I read of a group of religious people beating a child of death to drive the devil out of him
I read a four different people poking out of their own eyes and and we're cutting off their hands after they read the Bible
Worse is if your eye off ends you pluck it out and if your hand off ends you cut it off
I read a religious fanatics bombing abortion clinics and murdering doctors and many other such acts
Son of the name of God religion to make the world more moral Dahmer carried encoded the Bible and caught Timothy McVeigh and Andrew Conan and were Catholics
When I read studies or see presentations on TV about what produces serial killers
They seem to mention nothing about fundamentalist religious belief or strict religious upbringing
They normally conclude they just don't know I know and I know teaching children about how moral and wonderful sexes and religion isn't
Would eliminate a lot of crime and improve the chance of having a long-lasting wonderful marriage
There you go if you weren't such a religious nut
Yeah, maybe you'd have a better marriage
lose the getchke stuff for you
Okay
I just sent the sound of regains has gotten panels park check your email George it says check it out now
He's checking it oh
Guess who died Wayne Ian Evans
Basis for Leonard Skinner died after a lengthy battle with cancer. He was only 48
Evans and Atlanta native joint abandoned 2001 after the death of bassist Leon Wilkerson and now he's dead
It's the second death of a Skinnered band member this year Billy Powell former keyboardist died in January
Leonard Skinner the currently on tour there was nowhere to meet you there whether for the tour dates will be affected by
Evans death the band is skid to perform with Kid Rock June 28 at the Lakewood amphitheater
Leonard Skinner they're dying out
The production starting on three stuages movie still no decision on who will play mo
Don't check dead at mallet head
They're thinking about this guy here in ACO del Toro. Yeah, good actor makes a great Lord Moe
But he ain't no moe. I'm perfect for it. Why I am moe once they get all out on me
It's a cinchalk at the lead role
Dreaming huh? Well, she holds dream and when I get back from Hollywood did it?
Ah Hollywood at last I think this is the studio right here
I hate Mr. Wade. Think you're going. I'll see here. I get moe. How into David and I'm here for the new three stuages movie to make it
I wouldn't go into that studio. They're filming a gangster movie in there. Okay. Get out of my way
Hello everybody. I'm here the starter of your three stuages movie
Oh
And last but not least
146 14 go to where we're almost done with this turkey today, you know what?
Now wait till you hear this first of all ask ask me if a normal car. Hey, did the norm uh, no
During this last break. Didn't he say he was gonna go right home and listen to turn the radio on?
You call me during a break to give me an update whether he got any info from John. It's a long drive
No
Now the Phantom Informer sends me this. This is going to get you so depressed
Is if you're already not
It says that the risk is sounding like the fake Greg Budell the folks at WTKS are interested in talking to you
They have a normal phone number as and it's got the number which is the correct number for a cell phone
Can you verify this? Yes, that's the number
Catherine Brown is trying getting in touch with no success
Catherine and Jim Phillips would love to talk to you if you can have a George Gimma call and it's got a 407 number
Well, what what are you gonna talk to them about? I don't know. Maybe they'll give me a job
Maybe they'll pay enough to carry the show to pay your salary
Hey, well, they'd have to be more than that
But they sure as hell would pay enough for that and see that would be a way to us. Yeah, yeah, well when you talk to norm
What do you mean when I talk to norm? You know, he's gonna call you any minute. Oh please crack your please and how come he's not at every turning their calls
You'd have to ask him that oh
Norma don't return calls. I think George Sadoz agent is right
At any rate
624 votes on the pool
The one thing that I've cut back on during the nasty recession is eating out 211
vacations 95 I didn't cut back on anything. I'm a rich bitch 90 excessive driving 82
No more strip joins 42 no more paying for sex 32
No more donations of the church 23 good idea no more donations. They are in scene 19 no more drugs 15
Dump my mistress or boyfriend on the side eight and giving money to the homeless victim a voice bomb seven
Are they still out there by the way? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Bigger and ever yeah, and it's just so we're no same as silly a t-shirts, you know, they're they're pretty well funded
They're making a lot of money so they they switch the t-shirts up every now and again. Oh do they they get fresh hats
Do they really they have seasonal clothing let me just hear what this sounds like
Oh
Like that that's cute isn't it yeah
Oh
We're going out of his name
Good ride
I think my lust maybe here. I don't know. I just heard Paco sneaking. I'm pretty sure either that or it's an intruder
And what's the story with those Bell Canada people are supposed to be coming this afternoon. I have nothing one moment, please
Okay, that's all right
Can you talk
Yeah, I guess he wants to show maybe Paco can do your job. There you go. He'll do it real cheap 50 bucks a month
His parish was in the heart of the South Beach
He socialized with celebrities and his books and TV appearances made him one of the nation's most prominent Catholics
Especially among Latinos even as detractors if he had any would agree
He is blessed with matinee idol looks. That's a bunch of crap. Have you seen this priest?
Father Alberto pasty priest yeah, he's all over the place
Matinee idol looks my ass in fact my ass looks better than him
So did any of these factors contribute to the reckless behavior of the woman on a beach that brought down the Reverend Alberto QTA this week
That question and the issue of clergy celibacy was among many posed in a wake of the scandal triggered by a Mexican magazine's publication of
25 photos of father Alberto as he's called in the throes of Rapture more carnal than spiritual
I mean, I'm a little bit confused. I'm not that I want to see the pictures
But were they actually doing it on the beaches that what they were like canutling, you know snuggling up
I think she was kissing him on the face or he was kissing her or something. What's the big simmiss with that? It was an adult female
Yeah, oh, in other words, it wasn't a young boy so that made it bad
That's right if her priest is ditto with a young boy then it's good
It's right in line with the church, but if he's ditto with some adult female. Oh, that's bad. You're out pops glad you understand
From the human point of view I can understand temptation said fiu sociology presser a professor
Ouvidae Argonne a Cuban American Catholic who's known Curie for or QTA for years
QTA what a name that is
Frankly, this was not very smart flooding what you're doing that he want to get caught question mark caught he was
Shortly after the photos publication in tv notas the art dices of my man on stews day that QTA 40 would be suspended from the pulpit
It's in Francis's sails Catholic church and that he would no longer host a show on Pax Catholic communications
Father QD made a promise of celibacy and all the priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God
Read a statement from archbishop John Favollora father QD his actions cannot be condoned despite the good works
He's done in the past as a priest and maybe he didn't even molest any young boys. I think that's why he's out
Yeah, you're out father you're out pops
So ask me if you think norm is gonna call by a two o'clock
Do you think norm is good?
Father QD wrote an email apology asking forgiveness for those who may be heard or said by my actions the commitment that I made to serve God or
Main intact
He says oh God that's good
The apparently brazen nature of QTA's actions and his precipitous fall from grace prompted discussions on the role of celibacy in the Catholic Church
A sub to QTA himself had raised
Daniel Alva resident instructor in religious studies that if I you said he was
Surprised recently when he heard QTA assert that a married priest would be just as holy as a celibate one he wanted to do it man
He wanted to use that penis
This is very clearly it heads up to the church Alva. I said shame to have such a charismatic priest and losing over the issue of celibacy
And I'm sure they're other men in the same conundrum here. Maybe if he wore a conundrum you think right they would have been better
Maybe if he had another piece of undramed
In QTA's case it was a simple matter of keeping a vow like a wedding vow in the view of Mary Carter Warren religious professor
At St. Thomas University Miami Gardens. I don't think it's so much an issue of celibacy is one man's bad decision said Warren
Who is school is run by the art sti sees a Miami coincidence people make vows people make mistakes people get hurt
So all you preached out there and would be priests don't touch in old ladies, okay
Okay, and in lieu of the last bid the article just came over Ross during I don't know if I've got time
Okay, the Republican governor of Florida Charlie Christ was strongly considering a run for the Senate will be out in the independent film being released tomorrow
The film outrage tracks the outings of prominent gay political figures such as Christ and former Republican National Committee chairman Ken Milliman
It's being produced by Magnolia pictures will appear in landmark theaters across the country
Using some first-hand accounts of former sexual partners old campaign footage to occasionally humorous effect and commentary from gay political media watch
Dogs the film makes the case for each man's homosexuality and presents his lifetime gay rights voting record to coin to one reviewer
In each instance to disconnect his staggering
The usual suspects are all there Craig Florida governor Charlie Christ former New York mayor Ed Koch
former New Jersey governor Jim McGrievey former republic representative Ed Schrock even dusty McCarthy while like Roy Cohen
And if you're reading this review you're likely no stranger to gay media especially gay online media
And none of these men is untrammel your candidate for speculation
A top Republican leader signal Wednesday the crystal likely under the center race for the seeping vacated by Mel Martinez who's quitting
All the signals have been getting is that he probably will get into the race
But I don't want to make any announcements for him because he's the one who will element the decide whether to pull the trigger or not
Chairman of the National Republican Senator or Committee of Senator John Cornyn political for Thursday editions
Christ was first outed in the 2006 Palm Beach post article by Bob Norman prior to his election as governor
A young rising star on the Republican Party is boasted to witnesses of a sexual relationship with Charlie
The frontrunner in the Florida governor's race who repeatedly denied that he's gay
And it goes on about how he was recently married his engagement was announced right around the time when speculation was mounting
He could be chosen as John McCain's running mate
He was actually first outed back in 2006 by Bob Norman reporter for Newt Times
Barrett Palm Beach who was also the first reporter
To cover the story former representative Mark Foley sexuality in 2003. Hey mark you fairy a Charlie you fairy
And in cases like Chris it means that the media knows something in the its audience doesn't and is holding back information about people who are running for public office
When his engagement was announced there was largely no discussion of what most every national public reporter was probably thinking
What there was instead was sort of an inside joke
Which was easy to catch if you run this in on the secret but not by obvious to most readers and viewers
MSNBC's Chris Matthews for example could barely suppress an infras mile when talking about the news
It's time to move past that in some form or another and if the movie helps in that respect
Then that's a good thing even if it's not actually outing anyone itself
A Republican operative close to Chris told political he expects the governor to announce his future political plans very soon as early as Monday
Chris says he will decide after the state legislator wraps up the session which ends on Friday
