Anyway, we've got the new Rogers coming up. It's 10 o'clock. Have a great day everybody
The music's pressed on the water all these rumors around the radio station that you're not the getting out from your buddy
Three I know I don't know well you're slipping and telling you
And we have a shocking email one of the most shocking of all times this morning. Yep
I can't do choices because of it. Did you really no make that up
Everything's made up anymore, but you will 560 WQ am presents the Neal Roger
Yo to talk to Neal dial 5 6705 ratings coming this morning
Oh, you think you're right together. I'm like last month. Oh
785 or pound five on your 18 hours up to 110 points
I represent those of WQ a.m. Management staff or sponsors. No Neal Roger show on 560 WQ am I think
It's hard to think see
If you see if we treat this sitting out in the lab, but there's a pretty good chance there
I got me a tumor is as big as a whale and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells
Right now I'm light-headed. I feel kind of funny. So hurry up and get that funding money
stem cell
baby
stem cell
baby
stem
stem
stem
baby
stem
Oh, stem
stem
Is it clever little dull that we can hire them forever?
stem cells baby
stem cells
That's where it has
Splicing and advice in packing and a wagon save them in your freezer. You can be an old geezer. My illness is tragic
But stem cells are magic so everybody pass them around and around and around and around
stem cells baby
stem cells
stem cells baby
stem cells
Roger's a cat on my own. I'm only 18 keys play but
Oh
I
really don't
It's much better
Yeah, I agree pain
So today is a ratings day. This is two thirds of the winner rating book we got January and February so December January and February how did we do in December? I
Forget let's hope we did real bad because it's not all I think we did hope I think we did yeah
I'm not sure what what do you mean you think we did I think we did you don't know you're talking out your ass exactly
Well, I think if I program director if our program director or the the standard program director will give us the monthly is unlike a timely basis
We'd know where we stand
but we don't
We know where we fall
Today we'll find out how what's his name Bubba's doing? I don't hear nothing about him except that he's boring and Yahoo
I'm W.H.D.R
Cox broadcasting Bubba loves bunch trying to give Paul an old Ron to run for the money sure failed in that first trend last month
Wow, bad
And we'll see if Jimmy Syphilite and the band of right wing warriors over there at 610 can continue their
astonishing run
Speaking of astonishing this email came in at 751 this morning
Subject fake names from John ZTR
This is so shocking that George is about fell off the chair I plot
Neil here is a list of all my fakes and I don't think he's got all of them on here because probably not well
No because he says I was all of the fake radio people mr. Radio the fake Larry King morning train a K.A. Rooster Tuchu Tom Jica Maria B and Rick Sanchez
He says I was all the fake radio people these took more effort because I actually had to research these in order to make it believable
Oh, yeah, they were very believable. I wonder if he was also Greg Budella probably and Sonny Fox and
Alice Rantel
and what which other ones and Steve Rondon Arrow on
Elon John ZTR you know now that you've messed up this man has no life
I have no life. We appreciate all the free movies by the way, but nevertheless yes
I mean you and the fact that he was mr. Radio
That goes beyond annoying that that that that's beyond above the beyond a color
Free it be very free. Yeah, now what's the story with the a rating is with the trend?
We've got it said
We did to get them to you as fast as I get them who did oh
Flea yes, oh well he's busy twittering. Hey, you're gonna drive him away
Then we'll have no friends in this building. I drive everybody away. I know later later
That's something in most cases. It's a good idea
I think the only reason I've survived this long is because I've driven certain people away during the course of my life
Holy Moses, you know what I mean? No
Yeah, you know exactly what I mean
And Bert now let's see was he also very jackass. I don't think so. I don't think he investors John ZTR has got access to all the inside
poop
That varies God. There's no way of knowing he might be a radio person. Well, I'm waiting for a follow-up from John ZTR
Let's find out about all the other ones because he he said I was all a fake radio people, but he's got a short list
Mr. Radio that that's just anybody that was fessed up to being the anxious obnoxious mr. Radio and a rooster choo choo
I told you he was rooster choo choo. He denied it. He lied about that
Told him because it was too much. She'll like the other crap right same old stuff
You do this and you do that and you're a piece of crap George is a George socks and blah blah blah. Yeah
Not that there aren't people out there who think that but I just right most people don't have the time to sit down or write that's right email after email after
Pandora's f-ing email
Same the same crap
Okay, so flea stuck his head in there and he said as soon as I get something that that's the way it went down last time
Well very Jackson says there seems to be some anxiety about today's trends my contacts at the ticket say howard Davis has himself
Barricaded in the office
Will be interesting to see how the ticket versus QM battle shapes up Joe Rose versus Sid Rosenberg's last trend
Neil versus Sedano managed versus LeBasterd will puppet love sponge make any splash will W. I. Would you continue to dominate?
We're all tuned in says very jackass. We're all tuned in
No, he's not John ZTR and John ZTR is not yet by the way sent me any follow-up
Fred Souter
Wow
He's glad to be out of software
See they give me that song to dance. It's only you Neil everybody else loves it. It's paradise. No, it's not only me
So many people who got the hell out in fact even on the pool we got today. There's a whole bunch of people don't don't live there no more
Right we'll get to the right we'll get to it while I'm printing out Fred Souter's thing
Anyway, very writes clear channel plans to flip talk W. I. N. Z 9 40 the sports April 6th at 6 p.m. What days April 6th?
Monday, I thought it was Friday
April 6th is a Monday
well
The news sports outlaw will air ESPN radio's Mike and Mike in the mornings followed by Fox Sports Radio's Dan Patrick
Chris Myers Petros and money and JT the brick
Premier Radio's Jim Romal also joined a lineup Roamy. He's failed in this market a hundred times
Additionally, W. I. N. Z will become the flagship station for the Miami Heat and the Florida Geaters. Whoa
Miami doesn't need another sports station, but it does need a good one the best thing on one of them is Neil Rogers
Needs not even sports on the other hand
I'm not sure there is a best thing said director AM programmer church Kent Charles. They are real genius
Oh, Neil Rogers is the goal standard of talk radio. Yeah, take your goal standard and stick it up your ass can you moron?
940 W. I. N. Z. South Florida sports animal has the biggest names in sports radio Mike and Mike Patrick
Roamyers the Heat Gators etc go into a sports bar and say any of our show host names everyone knows them
He says oh my god open up a pot and put a bunch of cheap syndicated programming on a year 24 seven that's there
That's good with that great signal 940 right in the middle of the dial
What a disgrace his cheap channel continues destroying everything they touch there
He almost as bad as James crystal and Steve Lapa James crystal radio
I wonder if I have her own the crystal radio. I don't think so. I wish I would have had one of those
I had one of those white mics. Yeah, that was like a crystal radio was tuned to one AM frequency
Yeah, we still have a pink mic at the radio station. I worked that yeah
Fred Souther says the ass clouds who talk during movies should have also included concerts one of the few times
I go down there anymore to see shows in the amphitheater on West Palm Beach and the jackass is talking loud
Either on their phones or to someone sitting right next to them
Why the hell are they paying so damn much money for a concert ticket if it's just gonna be a social hour
Glad to be out of that damn places. I am sure you are as well as Fred amen hallelujah Fred. Yes, I am
Oh
It well, no I had a chance to play
Yes, I am and I didn't do it. I've blooded
So there you go April 6th Monday
The big flip on 940 to a bunch of syndicated talk and nobody listened to be foreign they're not gonna listen to now
So what's the story? It's 1010 as in 1010 wins New York. It's 1010 right where's the numbers?
I hear they're printing now and they're printing now which means we better do the break when we come back
Barry jackass is sitting right on the edge of his seat and Howard Davis has got a gun to his head
Neil Rogers
death male
Pull the trigger Howard
The public hands got their leaders
Southern Washington
What the guy in charge is a radio talker. He's a pillow pop and son of a dumb
Well, he big and bald as a man can come and he screams into the microphone
And if he says something that the G or P don't like to just leave it alone
That's because
I got to say you don't curse from a vagant name. You don't create a size George
You don't quest whether we should be tax cut and then you don't mess around with brush
Just send me the same thing twice you don't get married
If you're gay
I
Said again
You don't get any credit to
Oh, no, I had to don't mess around with
Bro
Why are you sending me the same thing twice Monday through Sunday 6 a.m. to midnight many team plus well
I did on a purpose just to piss you off obviously when you it worked
For the week many team plus this and I was wrong by the way about December November is what dropped off
And I'm sure November was a bad month for us November sucked
Even though it should have been big because it was election month, you know and Obama and all this other stuff
But our people didn't give the diaries
Some of everyone's vanishing and anyway, here's what we got so far and we'd have a lot more except that you're sending me the same thing twice
Did I send you the same thing twice? Yes
Many team plus for the entire week number one
WCMQ FAM a no speaking English 5.9 year
W.I.O.D. dropping ever so slightly there's still second from a 5.4 in the last trend to a 5.2 when they drop off the
Semmer that's when the Schmitts gonna hit the fan they had a wild wire diary December all the right wingers
Radio Mambe no speaking English dropped from first to third. Thank God 4.7
Hot 105 is fourth magic is fifth
Boy, they're really making a comeback since Ricky retired
Radio on more number six. This is for the week now. Let's see. Where's WQ I am? We're on the bottom of the second page Wow
We're consistent if nothing else we got a 2.5 last trend we had a 2.5
But we dried we dropped from tied for 15th to 16th and
While we're 16th guess who's tied for 20th Waxi AM from a 2 2 to a 1.8. Oh my
Oh my god, not good
W.I.N.Z. at a 2.4 even they beat out the anxious
7.90 the ticket ticket ticket. I noticed we don't do that one anymore. Thank God. Oh ticket ticket ticket ticket remember that yep
How could anybody forget?
Now let's see let me throw away. Let me schmitt can these this duplicated pages and get to mornings
Okay, see they had a stack of numbers. I put them in the machine and hit send
Well, yes, that you want me to take the time to sort them out. No, I do not just just send them right along
That's right move it right along mr
Mr big shot. I got too happy for the way Georgia be on vacation next week
We'll be joining me next week and then the week after that will be Georgian flea I'll be on vacation
For those who care care enough to send their very best anybody care. No, I didn't think so
Okay, here's morning dive
Oh look at that we made a little bit of an improve on there look at that
We went from midday. I'm looking I'm looking ahead. Okay. Don't get ahead of yourself now, mr big shot mr. hot shot
Morning drive 6 to 10 a.m. Many team plus big. Oh my god number one
Let's give credit where credit is due Ron and old Paul. I don't know. They must be stealing our good material if we have any
They went from fifth and fourth and now number one in this light. I must add a gigantic
Feb
Boy gigantic
6.0 share for big oh in the morning
Radio mom B is number two radio mom B
This is many team plus so it includes a lot of old parts. Oh IOD drop from a four nine from tied for fifth to a
4.5 seventh your dear slip and Jimmy
I wonder if John ZTR was also Jimmy Cifalidic come on John ZTR. Let's have all the names not just a few
WQ a.m. Went up a little bit in the morning from a 2.5 to a 2.8 from tied for 12 to 12 all by ourselves
2.8 here and man
6 to 10 a.m. What about waxy?
What about Sid the kids last book wins at a 1.5 W. I. N. Z. Waxy. Oh talk about going out in a blaze of
Not so glorious. Sid the kid from a 1.7 to a 1.4
Oh my god. Whoa
They got rid of his ass just in time
Are you spent me and of course our D.F.O. He's really kicking his own ass yet. Oh point four down from a 0.5
What's the point WFT L.A.M. Oh point four. I'm sure that's the a 51
We can't differentiate because nobody knows nobody knows the trouble we've seen
Nobody knows like Jesus
I'm just making right I feel a little better today. I think I sound better. He's on great
No, I don't sound great. He's sound phenomenal. You're full of crap quits. It doesn't story quit doing licky-licky. Oh, yeah, okay. Oh
Okay
So we beat the crap out of him in a morning double from a 1.4 to a 2.8 Joe Rose had a 2.8 and Sid the kid on his affair
Well deathbed a 1.4 share. No nice going Sid get out while he's getting good. You idiot mid days WCM Q.F.A.M.A.
And 8.6 numero uno no speaking English
W.Y.O.D. drop from an 8.1 to a 7.8 still a big second there with rush they got that December month
December they must have had a 400-year. Yeah, radio mom B is third 5.8 magic magic 4.4 in the morning
You're making a big comeback since Ricky retired just a joke Rick just relax
Big love and the Q.A.M. We're number a 7 we're up from
Tied for 8. We had a 3.2 in the last time we had a 3.5 in this one 10 to 3
That means 10 to 2. We must add about a 4-year which is still nothing to write home about
It's about half what we used to do, but then again. It's the Joe Bell era W.Y.N.Z. had a 3.2
Where's Waxi in midday? Oh, they're not on the second page. Oh, no, keep turning pages
They're at the top of the third page though. They got a 2.0. Oh wow 2.0
They are really making an impact not
Not why not just Schmidt can the whole thing over there Lincoln financial you people are just you're just and of course once that
940 goes on here with that great syndicated programming
So let's see we had a 3.7 so we had about a 4 in midday they had a 2
right
Now the only turn around on this course going to be afternoon drive unless there's some shock which I doubt no
I'm hoping I picked it up for the mad dog because he deserves a better fate
He's a good guy and a great talent and a funny guy, but you know when you put I wrote win when you put I wrote win bag around you neck
Like an albatross
Kakka remember albatross driven by Stanley dancer. No, well you would how about Harry Harvey who?
Yeah, you better get with the car racing mister if you're gonna be on this show 3 to 7 p.m
How one of five's number one with a 6.5 share W I O D number two with a 5.0
Down from a 5.9
You just wait till at the December drops off I would he's gonna like be back in the middle of the pack
CMQ FAM is number three and a half noon up from number eight. They are just kicking big smelly a non-speaking English ass
W I and Z a 4.1 on the afternoon other than dropping a progressive talk. That's
That's great
Big EDR coast waxy 3.2. Oh my god how the mighty have swollen
From a 4.4 in the last render with 3.2 from 4th to 12th for Daniel Abasterd, but I don't see us anywhere. Oh
There we are. Oh
2.1 in the last run at 2.0 this time from 18 to 19
We're for falling off the face of the globe now. Let's see. I didn't look in the morning to see how bubbly did I?
No
Chris. This is not his demo many 18 plus, but it's all we got so far, you know
This is gonna take a while take good take a time
W H D R that's the station that Bubba loves funges on Paul and Ron were number one and men in the morning look at that
W H D R from 1 7 to a 2 2 Bubba's got a 2 2 and he looks lovely in it from tie for 20th to 17
So they got a 6 and he's got a 2 2 2 2 months into his
His attempt to make a mark X marks the spot
Do we want to look at night times? I don't really want I already did
Go ahead. It's like the limbo rock. Go ahead. How low limbo rock and you go?
7 to midnight many 18 plus what happened in the earlier pages here did I screw this up? I don't know
I didn't have any jams or errors on this end
You don't have any what jams or errors or like no, I'm not talking about oh here they are
They just got lost in the middle of the the shuffle
7 to midnight many 18 plus W D R is number one a 6.6 year W E D R
Ethnic CMQ F AM a boy. They must add a lot of wire diaries in this trend 6.5 their number two
Radio Amor no speaking English a key 5.5 number three went way up
Hot is number tied for third with him
Radio mom B is number five. Oh boy talk about spos and shvows
W I O D is 7th 4.3 at night. What are they got they had the heat? I don't know
You see I don't know I don't know I N Z 2.8
Where the hell are we and where is a waxy at night with those marlin's keep up there's no marlins in the
pages they got the panthers what keep turning pages waxy 1.4 at night there 20th
And we're not even on that page no oh my god at night. We've got a 0.5. We're tied for 28. Oh we're down there with the also
Rans W M B M W N M A W A C C. Oh my god
We're even behind we're tied with W R M F which isn't Palm Beach is not even in the market at night. Yep
Because nobody can hear this station at night that DA man he is up against it
That that's just my personal observation I could be wrong, but I think he's up again it
I hope it feels good because he's really up against it. You know what I mean? No
Steve says tell the faker if he's going to pretend to be somebody least pretend to be people we've heard of
enough with the radio has been excellent point Steve
Were you grudge packing?
Brackum
Here
We
What bonus?
What?
Bones, baby.
Okay.
You don't believe me?
I do believe you.
We got a 3.0 in 10-2.
I was 10-3.
I was 10-3 everything.
Will you listen to me so you won't listen to anything?
You said, bye bye bye bye bye bye.
Just shut up and listen.
We have a 3.0 share from 10-3 in persons 25-54.
That means in men we got a 6.
That's 10-3.
Yeah.
So it's 10-2.
Who knows? Maybe a 6-5?
Who knows?
Yeah.
Possible bonus money there, baby.
Who knows?
We get a big march.
Maybe even number one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
3-7.
Let's take a puke at it.
Or I'm first of all.
I haven't done any of this yet.
Have I?
25-54.
No.
That's the coveted demo, man.
Oh.
I mean, I only estimate.
We can't get the exact number until they hold book comes out.
That's the way these crappy things are.
But wait till that people meter comes out.
We don't have anybody listening.
Which is certainly a possibility.
We got John ZTR listening.
He hasn't followed up by the way with any more identities.
I'm sure.
I feel really, really bummed about that.
Maybe he's busy.
Maybe he what?
Maybe he's busy.
He's busy?
Be seated.
Oh.
Okay.
Let's see what we got.
Person's 25-54 for the entire week.
Number one is hot 105 with a 7.0 share.
Number one, they're always number one.
How one of five?
Why is that?
Who listens to that crap?
I don't know.
Punk's?
Yeah.
This is person's 25-54 men and women.
Coast is number two with a 5.7 share.
Radio Amor is third.
CMQ FAMI.
Number four.
No speaking English.
A key.
Why 100 is fifth?
WEDR.
Number six.
Radio Ritmo is seventh.
Life is tied for seventh with Radio Ritmo.
At least life plays slush in English.
Big is ninth.
This is for the whole week.
It's kind of, you know, meaningless.
Let's see where QAM and what the other one.
INZ's got a 1-9.
Look at that.
And they're dropping the format.
Oh, boy.
QAM a 1.7 tied for 20th up from a 1.6.
Oh, we're making progress.
Waxe a 1.4.
23rd.
Rhymes with third.
Boy, they really sucked.
They talk a big game like I've always said.
Bap, bap, bap, where that's where that is.
You suck.
You got a Le Bastard and he's dropping like a rock.
Just what we need is another sports station to divvy it up even that much further.
Mornings.
Persons 25 to 54.
Mornings 6 to 10am.
Hot 105.
Number one.
7.1 sheer.
Big number two.
Boy, they had a good book, Paul and Ron.
Radio one more.
It's third.
Turn.
Radio Ritmo.
Also no speaking English is fourth.
Boy, how do you get any diaries in the hands of people who speak English?
W-I-O-D dropped from 10th to 12th in the morning.
Persons 25 to 54 from a 3.1 to a 2.9.
You're slipping Jimmy Cipholitica already and when December drops off, you're going to be in the crapper.
You're going to be taking a big smelly, ugly dump.
Where are we?
Oh, QAM 1.3 in the last train.
1.4.
We went from tied for 23rd to tied for 22nd in the morning.
So that's about a 2.8 share in men.
Pretty weak.
Waxi.
Oh, wow.
Cip goes out with a 1.1 sheer down from a 1.3 in the previous train.
Tied for 24th.
And they only list 33 stations.
So what does he start here?
And guess what Mepho's got in person's 25 54 in the morning.
Oh, 0.3.
Oh, baby.
He likes that 0.3 sheer.
That's his number.
Mepho.
What happened to D-fo, Neil?
What happened to D-fo?
The Dow's up 182 points.
What a great day.
And we didn't do so bad.
We didn't do great, but compared to the way things have been going under the Joe Belray team,
and the fact nobody can hear the station, we didn't do so bad.
We'll take it.
Yeah.
I'll take it.
I'll take any uptick.
You know what I mean?
Up what?
Uptick.
Rhymes with 6.
10 to 3.
Person's 25 54.
Number 1.
CMQ FAMA.
6.5.
They got a whole bunch of wire diaries, believe you me.
I mean, they've always, you know, they've been doing well, but all of a sudden, a gigantic February.
How about 1-5?
Number 2.
Coast number 3.
I-o-d would drop from a 4.9 to a 4.8.
From 5th to 4th, though, in position.
Big?
Sixth?
Oh, don't tell me.
Oh, I'm out of paper.
One moment, please.
Oh, jeez.
Out of paper.
Okay, it's back.
See, I got all my school supplies there.
I'm all set, like Robbie Benson said, in one-on-one school supplies.
Oh, I got to lift that thing up, though.
Oh.
Lift it up.
Take it down.
There we go.
Get that.
Get that assembly line going again.
Ten to three.
Where did I leave off?
W-I-O-D is fourth with a 4.8-year.
Like I said, when December drops off, they're going to be really hurting for a certain.
Q-I-M from a 2.6 to a 3.0.
From 18th to time for 13th in the morning.
You're not in the midday.
Oh, that's us.
I'm sorry.
That's us from a 2.2 to a 2.6 to a 3.0.
And that's 10 to 3.
I don't want to like knock the big, but you know that 2 to 3 hours.
Oh, what?
What?
I'm sorry.
I wasn't listening.
Yeah, you were.
Quicky and so non-committal.
Quicky and such are Casper Milkley's.
Doesn't matter what I think about the, uh, what happened to Waxi there in the midday.
We had a 3.
What did they highly touted?
I don't know what they had down here.
Turned in on Sadano.
What?
Keep turning.
Uh, just on the next page.
21.
A 1.6 from a 1.7 down to a 1.6 in midday.
Cross three.
We had about a, uh, well, let me give that a little bit.
We had about a 3.2 in men and we got a, uh, 6 something.
Right.
So double, double their number with their highly touted midday talent.
Oh, but that Jorge Sadano, he wants to be on a midday because he knows the expectations are low.
Well, that's good thing.
Expectations are low because he's a great strategy.
Yeah, he's meeting them nicely.
He doesn't have the balls to be on in the morning, you know, morning drive.
Person's 25 54 in the afternoon, 3 to 7 p.m.
Hot 105 number one with a 9.1 share.
Everybody in their brother between 25 and 54 is listening to Hot 105.
I don't think I've ever listened to Hot 105.
Have you?
No.
Ever.
Ever.
No, it ever takes sides against the family again.
Nix from here.
Ever.
Radio Amores number two with a 6.3 share.
The coast hot, well, high.
What is it?
How 105?
High 105.
High 105.
Radio Ritmo, boy, they got, uh, I don't know.
They're all over the place.
Now let's take a look in the afternoon.
W.I.O.D.
dropped from a 3.6 to a 3.3 from eight to a tie for ninth and that's the Schmidtmeister.
W.I.O.D.
Z3, 1 to a 3, 2.
They weren't doing all that bad.
And of course they're dropping it because evidently it cost a money or whatever.
I don't know.
W.H.D.R.
2.8 tied for 14th in the afternoon.
Nice job there, Disney.
Don't think about Disney.
His station's always suck.
Waxy.
In the afternoon, Person's 25 54 dropping from a 3 share to a 2.3 from 15 to a tie for 18.
Not so good, Danny Boy.
2.3, which means about a 4.5 in men.
We on the other hand, oh my god.
Whoa.
But we did go up.
We went from a 1.1 to a 1.1.
That means about a 2.2 in men, 25 54.
Oh, poor Mr. Mad Dog.
Of course that's 3.4 hour must have really helped.
Um, what else am I looking for?
W.F.T.L. had a 0.4.
That Steve Lafferman, him and James Crystal radio, they make a big impact.
Wherever they go, whatever they touch turns to instant processed duty.
7 to midnight.
25 54 poisons.
Coast is number 1 with 8.1.
What does that tell you about the market?
That's a coast is number 1 at night.
Lane.
Radio Almor is number 2 with a 7.3.
They went way up.
Everybody loves Luis Miguel now, I guess.
And Gloria Estefan, that bitch.
W.I.N.Z. at night, 2.3.
I.O.D. down from a 2.9 to a 2.7.
I'm just just reading random numbers.
Waxi 7 to midnight, 0.8 to a 1.5.
It's the Panthers.
We love the Panthers.
They win a lot.
They got a shot.
Panthers got a shot.
If they don't make the playoffs, they should be.
Leafs of one last night, he filled off you 3 to 2 right in the air Canada center.
Aren't you excited about that?
Meal.
That was game.
Meaningless.
All the games released for your meaningless W.F.T.L. at night had a 0.6.
You might laugh at that, but wait till you see what we had.
Whoa!
Here is the number of the century.
Oh.
So you get a girl?
Golly Miss Molly.
7 to midnight, person's 25 54.
We went from a 0.6 in the fall to a 0.5 in the next round to a 0.3 in this round.
0.3.
I say shut the damn thing down at 7.
Wow.
Wow.
In your life, have you ever been on a radio station that generated that kind of number?
No.
Me either, but of course, you've been in the business a lot longer.
No.
Not even close.
Of course, remember that one time we had that one hour where we hit a 0.0.
Yeah.
Not easy to do that.
Well, I'm telling you, I think all the way around we did not great on the station,
but we did fairly decent real ticket, a little bit of a comeback,
considering the signal is so bad.
And across the street they suck big time, which is all these people care about.
It's not so important that we do great, but that they fail badly.
And they did.
They stunk and said the kid went out left a trail of dung behind him.
Wow.
Dung, dung, dung.
Left a big smelly pile of dung in his wake.
Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Hey, y'all, it's Britney again on my blog.
Well, I'm still on the road and I'll head down with some.
Honey, I got your grits, Kevin called and you're f***ing hanging out.
Okay?
Dung it.
I can't believe it.
I have to call Kevin back.
Anyways, the last city we went to, we...
Excuse me, Britney.
Go ahead, Tyrone.
Oh, he's on my security detail, y'all.
There's cameras everywhere and he watches everything.
It's great.
You have a visitor at the gate and you f***ing hanging out.
Oh, M.G.
Someone's at the gate.
Oh, head, London.
What's that?
Sean Preston's bail in a well?
Oh, my f***ing hanging out.
Let me stuff it back in.
Thanks, London.
This is what could have been really embarrassing.
TTFM, go!
Thousands have 222 points.
Oh, yeah, wow.
Paul says we have two 50,000-mile sports stays in here in Chicago.
We'll never listen to them, but we've managed to re-broodcast five, 60-year-round the house on FM99.1, Neil God.
Says Paul in Chicago.
Oh, thank you, Paul.
Arrest.
Wish we could be on FM in somewhere.
Anyway.
Anything happy, Gray?
Sure would be.
Okay, so somebody says is it possible to compute the 0.3 to an actual number of people?
Yes, it is, as a matter of fact, right here.
Seven of midnight, persons 25, 54, and by the way, WQM is tied for 29th.
There are only two other stations worse.
WNMA got a 0.2, and WFV has got a 0, and there's got a 0.
They don't show it all.
Radio Faye.
Radio Faye.
0.3, you know how many people average quarter hour that is?
300.
Wow.
Wow.
We're tied, by the way, for 29th with WNBM, Haitian melodies, who also have 300 average quarter hours.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
What are we going to do about that?
Of course, that's a Jolly Jo's buddy, DA.
All the Jolly Jo buddies, man, they really do a job for us.
They really do.
Of course, that night time, certainly.
And of course, following that 7-8 hour, I think there's a minus in front of that number.
7-8 hour.
That dolphin tonight thing.
That infomercial that we sold our sold away and for to get to dolphin broadcasts.
Yeah.
So, oh, and here you go.
John Z. T. R. Toria.
See, don't send us an incomplete list.
He says, yep, I'm Jimmy Cephalo.
So, he's Jimmy Cephalo's.
As I suspected, the fake Jimmy...
Wouldn't be something if he was to fake everybody.
We'll never know.
We'll know if he keeps sending in the things.
I embarrassed him into that one to fake Jimmy Cephalo's.
Talk about, I have no life.
I have no life.
Oh, my God.
All we know is something.
Keep it coming, Z. T. R.
Right.
Because he has sent a lot of good material.
Not as good as this one from the real Josh Cortes.
Congratulations on the good trend numbers.
I knew I would be...
You'd be...
Proving right when I told you to stop taking calls and move over to taking emails.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now that you're in a good mood and feeling better, can you get my check in the mail?
It's almost a weekend.
I'll need the cash to get drunk while I'm cruising A1A.
Yeah, this weekend I'll make an attempt.
And of course, Fat Chris, he hasn't got a check yet, but he's only been doing it a couple of months.
You know, what's the hurry?
He's doing a fine job, by the way.
Good.
Do you see him at all, Fat Chris?
No.
No?
I don't.
Then hang around to...
Shoes?
No.
You know, he lives down there and yet he's about, so...
Oh, that's true.
Takes him a long time to get home.
That's right.
Buzz Burbank with more on this, this is also good.
Now that we know the identity of Mr. Radio, it's somewhat taken the bloom off the rose,
but nevertheless, subject, twittering tweets.
I think it's safe to say we have clearly identified the known...
...knowns, the things that we know that we know.
I think with great confidence, the same can be said for the known unknowns, the things we know we don't know.
It's the unknown unknowns, that is, to say the things we do not know we don't know, that have me the most worried.
A new player has popped up on the horizon, Mr. BVB-A-K-A-Beren van Bunghol.
There is very little note about him, but would appear that he and Mr. Radio 610 are quite cozy,
twittering and tweeting daily.
Neo, we need to be precise, we can't afford lack of precision with such a small margin of error.
Please continue to follow your instincts.
Remember success depends on the ability to carry it off.
I will stay in touch and you know how to reach me if needed, warmest regards, Buzz Burbank.
Subject, twittering, tweets.
This also must be John.
Sure.
ZTR, huh? You think?
Either hand more someone just like him.
Someone just like him, you mean there's another, there's a clone?
There's always more than one.
Oh, not like John's ETR.
Maybe not just like him, but...
Not like Rooster Choo Choo.
Oh, very jackass.
Didn't I give enough numbers? I thought he said.
He said, you said Paul and Rob were number one and men 18 plus with a six-year and Bubba had a 2-2.
That's right. How did Bubba do against Ron and Paul in person's 2554?
Okay, I'll finish his email log at the person's 2554, 60 to 10 a.m.
Okay? You ready?
I'm ready.
Big was number two, a big increase with a 5.8 up from a 4.7.
And what's the other colors?
The W-H-D-R?
I mean, who can keep track?
They keep changing all these crawled colors and flow HDR from a 1.5 to a 2.1.
So they had a 5.8 and he was 18th up from 22nd.
From a 1.5 to a 2.1. So he went up some, but the fact that they went up so much means he sure ain't doing nothing to them.
No.
It says, their channel seems to be making a huge mistake flipping W-Y and C either getting very decent ratings.
They beat the ticket every major day part in many 18 plus.
We're very competitive with Q-A-M.
Now they're going to be competing for fractions.
That's right. But look at all the money they're going to save, Barry.
Hey, Barry, you're fair.
Right. Couldn't have said it better myself.
So, cheap channel competing for fractions. That's what they specialize in.
That's what they're programming is all about.
A sliver of a slice of the pizza, like Mo Wudsay, a sliver of a slice.
Oh, for me.
The pizza.
So John ZTR is Mr. Radio Larry King, Chuchu, Rooster Chuchu morning train, Tom Jekker, Maria B, Rick Sanchez, and Jimmy Cifalitic.
Oh, and I try to tell you all these emails are fake.
Oh, no, it's all in the real piece. I'm naive. I'm just a punk.
They want for me. The thousand of 223.
Neil at NearRageers.com. Now that we gave all those numbers out,
where's all the, you know, response. And of course,
there would be response from real people if they emailed us, but they don't.
It's all John ZTR.
So he needs to get into a character.
Now, what is this?
What?
Oh, yeah. Jim Young.
I think it's funny that whenever someone other than you does, well, they had wired diaries,
but when you do, well, it's never the case. Good stuff.
I've never said that we don't get wired diaries. We're hoping for wired diaries.
That's right.
That's when you have a really wild month is when you get a whole bunch of wired diaries.
All your fans get the diaries and they put down, diddo, diddo, diddo. Of course.
I'm wired.
Yeah, that's right.
Jim. And how did this come through on my real email? That's what I'd like to know.
Let me go to it.
It just came through on my crackberry.
How do you like that? So Jim Young must be a Joe Bell.
Jim Young.
Friend of yours.
I don't know who that is and where the hell to get my email. Probably got it from Joe Bell or it is Joe Bell.
Or somebody who used to work here.
Who knew your real email. Who used to email you all the time.
And who would that be?
Fat boy.
Oh, fat boy. Yeah, that could be it.
Or is buddy.
Oh, very macocknus is John's ETR is not the real very macockner. Love you to sign very macockner.
Well, that's good. Isn't that comforting to know? Oh, yeah.
Okay. Just checking to see if there's anything worthwhile on me. There's not.
I had my hopes up. I thought that once we gave these numbers out there because Barry Jack said everybody's on pins and needles, all markets in an upper or about this trend.
And I gave him out.
Seems like we did better than we expected. We did okay. Not so bad. Now what in March, we need a bunch of wired diaries.
Yeah, when we do well, it's all legit. When everybody else does well, it's not. That's right. That's him.
You're right. It's a fat boy or is or is boyfriend one of the. A lot of guy a lot of a chronic with a lot of boyfriends. You know what I'm saying?
Yep, not a coincidence.
Oh, Neil at neorages.com. We got the Neil deal coming up at noon today and hour and six minutes away.
And when am I going to get the stuff for Gulfstream tomorrow? You might have we might want to lean on Steve. What's his name? Slow and for that little bit. I'll go lean on it.
I don't have nothing from Steve's phone for sure. Second race tomorrow.
At Gulfstream. I still am pissed off about that one with the disarmament last Friday. That was awful.
I've seen horses quit, but I mean, it was just like somebody slammed on the brakes. Like he had hydraulic brakes just slammed those babies on.
And the rest of the field went smoking on by and he just was backing up. I mean, my mother used to complain about being backed up, but that was just ridiculous.
Scott says moving out of South. Oh, that's right. We haven't even got to the poll yet. On our gone by all these ratings,
not as other chaserae and all that important crap from John's ETR. We haven't even gotten to the poll yet.
So let's do the break and then we'll get to the poll. But we're mailing in a bunch of numbers today. The poll numbers, the rating numbers.
Everybody likes a good number. Believe you me. Oh, and thanks to John's ETR for all those movies. By the way, including the South Park episode that I'm going to watch tonight.
I sent you that one. I burned that for you. Oh, did you? Well, I can say thanks to George for you. But the other stuff. Thanks, little George.
You're welcome. You're not too excited about the fact that there's possible. Again, I don't want to see me. I'm doing cartwheels.
Possibly waiting's bonus money in another month when a whole book comes out. I've already cranked out three batches. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm so excited.
Can I just say thank goodness for the new Quiznos delivery? Can I say that? I just did.
This is the Neoroncher shell. This is your brain.
And question.
Here's a great email. I missed the beginning of the show. Can you recap the ratings next hour just how the QM hosted thanks Matt. Yeah, I'm going to read the whole show for you Matt.
Get out of here. You believe that? No, I don't believe it. He can. Don't miss the beginning of the show on a ratings days. Come out, Matt. You idiot. You silly person. You fairy. I'll think about it. You just listen to the archives tomorrow. Now. Now. Now. Let me ask you something. Wasn't yesterday April Fool's Day not today. Correct.
Okay. Well, we've been had. By a real jerk. John's ETR. He says Neil, I didn't think you were so gullible. Happy April Fool's. I'm none of those people that I wrote before.
I was hoping that by claiming to be them, it would force them to come out of the closet and admit their true identity. Anyway, please don't read this on the year if you think there's any chance of the real Mr Radio coming out.
He just he just playing with us like on a yo yo, you know. Yeah. And right on the heels of that, I get these. Tom Jicca, the fake Tom Jicca. John's ETR is a liar.
If he's lying about being me, who else is he pretending to be? Ask the other emailers to come up with code words that'll expose John's ETR as the fake. He is. My code word is blank.
Ask John's ETR to come up with that. Sign the real fake Tom Jicca and is if that isn't enough. Maria Jimmy Cifilis Jimmy Cifilitic W. I. O. D. had another great trend. I had a six in men 25 54 and a 4.5 in men 18 plus.
Rush had a 10 share in men 25 54. You had a six. PS. I'm not John's ETR's in a posture and Maria Barclay Romo says, hello, sir.
I'm tuning in this morning. I can confirm this John's ETR character is not me. I'm in makeup getting ready to do a live segment in front of the G 20.
Have you checked the markets today at 200 plus point gain 236 to be exact. You know, if you took your wood by money from yesterday and purchased Dow futures yesterday to be up real big today,
sir, it's not too late to diversify regards Maria B. So what do you think? What do you believe? I think that it's all a crock of crap. I think it's all a bunch of crazies. One or several. What? Why are you so sour, man? It's all a crock of crap. Well, of course it's a crock of crap. Well, just like the colors are a crock. That's right. That's the same group. If they're not, if they're a chronic on the phone, they're not the same group. It's a different. You think that I'm your friend has got the other. No. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I
'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. But the old one. And yeah, by the way, you think I run you. You think that he's got the, there are homeless crazy people on the library computers every day. All the Returns. I see. Ask any librarian. Christine. Says. You should be taking cause. The would help the ratings. You old. Well, guess what? Since I stopped taking the calls every month. The ratings keep going up. We're making a come back. And then once we get the signal fixed, then you'll see.
Then they will fear us once somebody can hear the station. I mean a 0.3 at night on this radio station
Who could believe that?
Huh seeing is believing I
See it
And I was up to 37
Robert says W. I. Z format change gag. No, it's not a gag Robert a lot of people are gagging
W. I. Z was announcing they were changing formats this Friday yesterday
Which was April fools day and by the way they presented the announcement it seemed to be a gag love you Neil
Says Robert it's not a gag Robert
It's everywhere they're changing they they if they got the lineup on there with all the sports nerds are gonna have on
Why would anybody doubt it especially since cheap channel is a doing the same thing in several other markets because it's radio on the cheap
They don't call them cheap channel because they're real broadcasters or because they spend any money
But Ken Charles really wants you Neil. Oh, yeah
If I'd pay them to work there, I think they might put me on here
Hmm
Oh Paul Smith another fake or I'm deleting him. He's boring boring
Phil Asman says to bad you don't have numbers for WLRN public radio. Well, we don't they don't get them as you know Phil
I wonder if Bob
Will return to kiss as Tom jicke
The fake Tom jicke of course and he's got a whole thing here about
The case steps down at WX to you, which is a beastly station to fill it off you do we do we care about beastly stations in Philadelphia?
No, you ever heard this guy?
Bob McCaid you're here. No neither tonight
So I'm okay, yeah, I wasn't he the pd at kiss country when we first came to work over there at the oh well like I said
He's out in a memo to the F. T. U. staff
The GM said Natalie Conner
After several heartfelt meetings with Bruce Beasley and me Bob feels the time is now to begin the new chapter in his career
He's gonna be a consultant like Reg Reed, you know, otherwise he's out
Why can't they ever tell the truth? Why do they always have to lie?
After several heartfelt meetings with Bruce Beasley and yours truly
Just keep cutting and cutting and cutting and cutting get the big knife baby
Just like they gave to a what's his name there with the hymen Roth smaller piece smaller piece
Here's the poll what
Nice Quaggle
The thing I hate most about being in South Florida is how many votes we got 904
The effing traffic 170 unbearable heat from a to October 160 don't live there no more 119
Cubans who won't speak English in an elevator 73
Well, what's that once they see him QFA MA my god. They just went through the roof and his trend
Everybody who don't speak English is listening to see it. I'll sit there under the age of a hundred if they're over the age of a hundred
Listen to radio mambe radio mambe
Feed out feed out
David Samson and Jeffrey Luria stealing tax money from the taxpayers to build a stadium 70
Well, this poll is long and complicated
Root customer service at most stores and restaurants 58
Criminal County Commission's in politicians 58 and city as well
Oldfarts who drive way too slow 45 comps pigs who hide behind trees and stalk innocent civilians 37 never lived in South Florida 35
That's kind of impressive ain't it
Too bad those people can't get diaries. Yeah rampant crime and murder is 20
Antiquated roads and transportation system 17 French Canadians and Hollywood Beach 16
Sharing oxygen with H. Wayne hyzenge of 15 poor baldie
Paul poor pockmarked baldie
As clowns who talk during movies eight too many shopping malls and dirty bookstores five
Pathetic sports franchises three and waiting online at restaurants none you can wait online at restaurants anywhere
910 votes 910 and the douse of 236 all the numbers all the time
Boy
I can't wait for that book to come out. I guess during the break. I'm gonna have to
Search arbitrage see when they a whole book comes out because they won't tell us anything
They don't give us any monthly is anymore. Have you seen clearance today? Yeah, he's running run the halls doing what the same thing he always does
nothing
Yeah
Do it nothing. Why do you know he's busy now? He's busy. He's probably out waiting plans. He's got to make and all that stuff
You know he he asked the you know, and she said yes to the idea to the other crap. Well, she's gonna be really sorry
That is gonna be a marriage. I mean, I wish him all the best, but I just smell it's gonna be a marriage from hell
Her being whoever she is married to that
Can you even begin to imagine can you imagine waking up next to him in the morning?
Why are you doing that to me? I can't either
Got lunch commons in for Christ. Thanks. Oh, that's right. Sorry. There's Gordon Brown
Eva of international cooperation. What do you think about the Obama's in the Queen?
Wasn't that
All those other stodgy. Oh
I wonder if Obama asked her if he had a good VM in the last 10 years bitch. That would have been good
I would have given him a sitting ovation if he would have had the nerve to say that to the Queen the Queen
Let's have a spot of tea and talk about the world affairs
Branden says I know you didn't see it, but please watch South Park this week. You love it for sure
He's talking about the one that was last night I guess
Yeah, it was hysterical it almost killed me really. Oh, yeah, I got to watch the one with the Jonas brothers
That's more point. That's right. It's what more important. You'll get a bigger kick out of that
Oh, let me take all these ratings put them over there over there put them away
Oh, sorry, man. I'm not gonna read them again
We had a little improvement in the morning a little improvement in a midday afternoon was a
disaster a 1.1 in person's 25 54 a 1 and at night a 0.3
whoa
And the labaster went down quite a bit too. He is the the bloom is off of that turd
He had that one really talk about wire diaries and one really fluke month their last month and now it's back back to where you know has been
You know what I mean by has been like Sid Rosenberg said the kid
Left out with one shares in the morning. Oh talk about laying a big gigantic a talk to big game
Oh, I'm the best and I'm the best and blah blah. Yeah, that's it. So what everybody tells me always telling everybody how great he was
I guess they didn't believe him
You think
Must be I guess his credibility on a scale of oh is a minus
Not good when your numbers start with a minus in front
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized dire coke and fries a new contract with a two-year extension and a
Pleasant's epile
And a well-eat paperback of a griveness
Gallon up a stashio mid-dice cream
industrial size box of cord flakes a one-month membership the blue boy online and a quarter some young guy
Yeah, a
Quigal sandwich on pump or nickel line flavored grisco fluffy a box of tripe tenders 10 nearly burgers
Bromo self-ser and pocket full of miracle for now. Yeah
So any new like you still there with these contract negotiation underway. I should bring your attention
Hey, it wouldn't have been a deal. Hold on. Yeah, excuse me. You say trace
I said try not to trace try tender
Oh, I think you're still have the free baseball cards as a family lead
Oh
The douse up turn 67 point. Let's hear it
Norma can't among the missing I wonder he's MIA. I wonder if he's still alive. You think she's still alive. Yes, you do yeah
Here's somebody with a phone number who says you should buy a radio station and hire your own home
Mike and Hollywood sorry, Mike hire your own host even George could have a show then you could have a 7.6 year
Right buy your own radio if I had money to buy a radio station. Why not what I keep working Mike?
Years and years and years. Oh, need you should buy your own radio station. How many of those have we had?
Five million. Yeah, at least
and
I got one from the real
Eradman I like that all right. I think he's the only real person on the emails. It could very well be
Subject bomb decay. He hired me a WQM after I got screwed by Gary Bruce's for last man
A lot of people got screwed by Gary Bruce really
I'm sure that he lived right down the street for me boy. That was a shock when I found that out
Remember that yep came knocking on my door one day on the weekend came knocking on my door I
Forget what that was all about
Boy
And I made the mistake of inviting him in for a couple minutes
Here's one that says good morning the old from blacky. I don't understand the reason why your listeners have to use a fake email address
Have you ever had the cheese steaks at Sunnies on taft and 66th Avenue in Hollywood? No, I've not
Next time you're in South Florida stop by you will not be disappointed says blacky who either owns it or works there
Has got something to do with it. I think
Oh here you go Larry King says I believe John's ETR is buzz Burbank
But I don't believe is the real mr. Radio fake Tom jica or the fake Maria Bartiromo my code loan me $50
And then it's got a whole bio here of buzz Burbank. Oh
The stuff that you people send if they if the audience just had any idea
They had any clue
They would just plots they would pull over to the side of the road if they're driving and just puke their hang their head out the window and puke
Their guts out hang down your head Tom duly
Here's one from Osvaldo Valdas. I wonder if he's related to as valdo formula who?
Osvaldo formula harness driver from Italy. Oh
harness guy
Trot guy. I don't know if he's still alive or not. I bet you Enrico Belay is still alive
High Neil I was declared dead in Paris, France July 3rd 1971
But really retired and moved to a secret location near Las Cruces, New Mexico
I've been a lawyer listener of your program. I listened online for the past 36 years in honor of your recent anniversary
I decided to change lyrics to one of my more popular songs here it goes sung to writers on the storm and
Then it goes on with a bunch of crap pretty weak weak. Oh, and guess who else just chimed in speaking of fakes
Armando
Connisfarin, okay
Just wanted to show you a scan of my mint condition mount Neil T-shirt just scrolled out a bit to see it
PS John's ETR does not speak from a screw him
Mani from a Capulco not to be confused with mani from Kendall and the audience of course is probably wondering who they are all these people
All I know is that since I stopped taking the calls my life has improved a million percent and the ratings keep going up every month
And we actually have a shot of bonus money. Oh, no, Neil the audience wants to hear. I'm your friend. I don't I don't
There are no calls. I know you disagree with that when you're on you do whatever to have you please can't
Just keep going for four hours. That's all I ask get the spots on we got 40 minutes until the Neil deal today can't wait
Yeah, no, you can't wait for the free food to come in. That's what you can't wait
Don't give me a song. It's about you can't wait for the Neil deal to start. No, that's what I was talking about the food
Yeah, for the food right
What a scam you got going there and you're whining about a car. I want it
Yeah, I'm wanted about you are now. What are you whining about nothing? Well good?
I'm not whining about anything either. I feel a little bit better. I did not grade
Not great and you want to know why why?
Because it's stuffy in here. I got to crack open some windows
You know what's gonna be 58 to be here today
It's already 52 and they're saying 14 which is 58 degrees. You know what that sounds like a real good day for
Woodbite. Yeah
Oh, I don't understand how a man like you can sit in front of a slot machine. Well, I do I like it
I'm an old fart and I like it. I enjoy it old ladies
Fags where the ones that go to a casinos we keep the economy going wherever we are
Find a good machine mom. What day is it Thursday? Yep, it's gonna be real quiet around a Thursday. You want to know why what they do people get paid most of them
Friday right
I Thursday they're all broke all the plungers are broke
So Thursday's usually a pretty good day to go because it's really empty. It's quiet
Then on Friday they all bring their pay envelopes
It's a true story and I know it's hard for you to envision. Oh, I bring their pay envelopes
They keep reaching in pull out another 20 another 20 and then guess what oh the rain on the left. Oh, she's got a way till nice
Friday. Good paid again
Or let me go to the ATM and get a couple hundred and I can triple it
The thousand seventy three points god am I excited see one thing about John's ETR. He has no credibility anymore
We don't know whether to believe the first email or the next one or the fact maybe he sent all those other ones who the hell knows
Neil said to report that while listening to mad dog the other day he said he plans to retire after his contract
Runs out wants to spend more time in the keys at Ziggy and mad dogs
What management is done with that showing the afternoon drive is almost as criminal as what it's done to the near Roger show
Maybe Jackson Defoe replaced mad dog in afternoon drive. See ya says see ya. Oh, this is an idiot chef Sparky. He's a moron
Uh-huh
This is great. It's from sarcastic Sam
See I love stuff like this especially if it's from different people which probably is not I
Try to go with the flow, you know you flow it
Here's one that says agree the current team for the dolphins is so bad actually Moe was pretty good
He was clear and understandable. This is just a bunch of gobble to go
Says 60 minutes. I should have cut them a wild back now. They're done on my list
They use the word bling to describe something they to have given it to the failure of mastering the English language
Which was formed by MTV exposure to little kids and it's filtered up to the rest of society. Yeah, I think I saw that
Oh, here's the a fake Greg Budell
I'm hearing that Bob McHale returned to Miami to be PV of WQAM
This gives credence to the rumors QAM is going to oldie sports hybrid. I'll meet with Joe Bell next week when I'm in town Greg
Yeah, we're going to all these oh
Oh
Blackie says no need. I don't work their own a place even though this area of Hollywood was referred to as the armpit
Don't let that scurry of the hoodies are excellent. Well good. I'll take your word for it
Oh
You know where the armpit of Hollywood is have you smelled it? No
Next time you go home just sniffle maybe you'll find it
Maybe blackie will do right you'll give you directions. Okay, so our cast is saying from Boston says I
Know you don't need any additional valuation at law and callers specifically chronic on ears has it is to one health
But I now have medical evidence from a real doctor to prove this is the case
I've been listening to you since the mid 1980s and even though we are currently rid of the chronic stank's neal god
I think all the years of hearing them beforehand is done permanent damage to me
At a recent visit to my doctor he took a look at my blood profile
He said my billy Ruben level was high, but the rest of my liver related readings were normal
There was no need for alarm because he said it wasn't serious now
Here's the scary part the doctor said there's a medical term for my condition. It's called Gilbert syndrome
I was too much in track to ask whether I could
Soon develop a mild speech impediment have the uncontrolled but urs are constantly call every talk radio station in the free world
Below is some info on Gilbert syndrome
Yadayana, okay
Nice try Sam from Boston very weak
Then that's had it was good. Yeah, well, I'll say I'm saving that for later
A lot saving what that email I'll offer that later. I might need a good laugh later on
Yeah, well they try hard, you know, but there's nobody like John ZTR nobody can match him
As far as the cervic what as far as we know for is a cervic horse grab
I mean once he morphed into Rooster Chuchu, which I don't know if he was that one or not
Pierce is I'm gonna be in Paris April 21st of 29th when you like me to bring you anything back since Peter
Well, what kind of a stupid email is that?
Has for something
Yeah million dollars sounds good
Parting under ultra spell with 70,000 friends somebody sends me a long article about ultra
Wow with a couple of pictures too. Whoa. What were you doing in the middle of that?
Having a good time. We'll get to that after the break
Tonight on ABC it's an all new season of dancing with the injured stars
Featuring a cast of celebrities like TV host Nassio Del
Put fall great Lawrence Taylor
Oh, man, I haven't seen anything that nasty since I ended Joe Fismans Korea
Dancing with the injured stars also features folksy pop star jewels
And jackass star Steve
Oh
And her leg is messed up as your key
What's a cast of other potential sea list victims on the new season of dancing with the injured stars
Okay, can't wait for that 1131 at 560 WQM Jennifer Graffiata writes this
I don't know whether it was in a hero to where it was see people send me these articles and they don't tell me where it's from okay
Partying under ultra spell with 70,000 friends
As Palm trees swayed to a light breeze an 80 degree weather hordes of young electronic music fans pereted down the sidewalks of
Biscayne Boulevard a wide street Mime line with glass and something the skyscrapers
steel
The streetfronts Biscayne bay dotted by day with sailboats and yachts and at night with glittering purple lights from the bridge across
Over into South Beach. Oh wow
The crowds were heading to by Centennial Park side of the 11th annual ultra music festival where stages intense spread across the grassy
Hilly waterfront space normally occupied by the homeless who enjoyed the corner of prior real estate you look like homeless
Yeah, I just step over a couple
however for the two-day-out-to-electronic house trans
Breakbeat extravaganza the park belong to the club kids
Girls wore bikini tops fishnet body suits tiny skirts furry boots backpacks bows and bikinis
The more colorful and outlandish the better boys went shirtless decked out with glow sticks and flashing neon lights or
Sporting bright shirts that read I'm in Miami bitch or DJ heart B.Js
well
The pounding meat of ultra's performers could be heard from miles away or as around
70,000 people from all over the world attend the festival from early afternoon till midnight dancing feverishly to the beats of
David Guetta T.S. Doh rabbit in the moon black eyed peas dead man dead mouth five is that supposed to be dead man dead
else or dead mouse will they left a letter off bad job the five is the yes
Oh
Oh, how clever on Paul Van Dyke the prodigy Carl Cox fiscal castles. I'm in van Buren
Cut copy Santa Gold Moby Eric Marillo miscraft
Yeah, I'm STR oh Swedish house mafia many others
BEP fittingly kicked off their first life showing three years at Altrend Fergie's birthday
Well, let's get it started followed followed by my humps
Fergie accompanied the song with a lot of hump and shaking they went on to perform a live they view of their newest hit boom boom pow
Then LM something or other joined a force him for the unofficial anthem of the week. I'm in Miami bitch comma
Do I really want to read all this thing? No, not really. Oh, well, why not? Okay, then go ahead. I mean
All Mrs. Obama meets the Queen
With the U.S. President on her arm the much anticipated moment her greeting with the Queen
Her majesty extends her hand and Michelle accepts it
It wasn't the curtsy that made Brits wild over France's first lady
But it did please the Queen and calm the nerves from earlier in the day. I'm very much forward looking forward to meeting her
for the first time. Oh, wouldn't be the first Queen. He's meant I'll guarantee you that
Obama meets the Queen. I thought he knew Barney Fag from the Senate. I
Don't want to read all this there are pictures here
Well, look at that one kid here with the shades on looks like Paco
He's into these are kinds of things and these kinds of glitzy expensive things
But mostly chicks they're showing on here. Yeah, I mean you can't you know, yeah
Mostly a bunch of kids from very very far away mostly kicks. What?
What's it? How's it going? George was there. I wonder if you're in that picture
I'm gonna I'm gonna get a magnifying glass get my magn
You're the old one. Yeah
Kevin says, hey Neil much like when your station had the marlins across the street
Everyone's trying hard to destroy the one show with any slight success with Le Bastard
Every day he shows preempted by Marlins spring training games with the regular season to come. Oh, that's right
Oh my god, I forgot about that. They're gonna be settled by the marlins in all those daytime games all those afternoon games
Won't that be great?
awesome
Once again something not so sports related to Smothered by the stench of sports nice going ticket
It says at least we get to listen you guys all four hours now
I'm sure you missed the short days as the result of the marlins when you guys had them
But at least your ratings won't suffer from the half a good one since Kevin. Yeah good point Kevin
They're gonna kill that Le Bastard show
And maybe we can siphon what's his name? I wrote windbag over there
Phil says what is it with the big old promo being played during the breaks you might ask George to play it
Does the big old know that Jay Santos and a Phil Henry character?
Although the caller is a fake Jay Santos paying tribute to yours truly smile to the suits Neil says Phil Henry. Yeah, haha
Smout of the suits, okay
And
Here's one from Kyle bus
How do you tell a teenager I trust you behind a wheel but that driving is both a privilege and important responsibility without pushing them away?
God is this boring it's from Kyle bus and it's written to Kyle bus I see
Too many butts and that baby for me. I'll tell you that get these emails going. Let's get some of those fakers on here again
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com
Have the trends out this morning. We did not so bad pretty sad said commentary when we get numbers like that and we're like raving about them
Yeah raving, but once what's his name Bob McKay comes back to take over the PD job
Then they will fear us
Now what kind of guy was he did you know him?
Briefly he was a okay guy. I thought yeah nice guy short guy beard
He wasn't like what's his name Andrew Asinwood that just never let's go never met him. I don't know you by that I
Don't know
And he shares how was no mufflinzy no one is we were doing good when muffles are at the controls
Yeah, and then of course then he made a bad mistake make clearance the assistant PD and clearance got off the shift
And he knocked him in the back took his job forced duct to become a sales hole just to survive
So I think it would be very appropriate if they blew out clearance, but they won't do that. He's still got all those pictures
Right, there must be good pictures
He's not going anywhere. Nope
Very macocknases. We're not a bunch of crazy cougs as you're just saying we're real people with real feelings leave very macocknor alone
Screw John ZTR says and then he's got a code word that I won't read on here signed very macocknor
Oh
The stuff that comes in here and you and you don't appreciate it. That's what that's what it irritates me lately
The thousand two fifty eight you don't appreciate all this good material
Sorry, and you don't recognize the fact that we've actually got an outside shot
Dead mouse is a Canadian DJ that performs with a giant red mouse head says somebody in a picture of it here great
We got a shot at some bonus money because we got I got rid of the calls
Okay, and you probably don't believe that you think the audience doesn't like the email the numbers go up and down and it isn't about the emails
We have to have that conversation again
It's which ones
See this man won't give me credit for anything anything. I'm a survivor. Uh-huh
I haven't made it this far all these years thirty three years plus in this market without knowing how to survive right and yet you give me no credit for anything
Whatever you say Phil Attsman who's just in a feeding frenzy they says was that at Miami City Hall the other day and city officials couldn't stop talking about how
Successful the ultra festival was
Well George can't stop talking about it either. He had a great time still vibrating Tim and Tampa says it must be nice to be able to go to
Woodbine almost every day. Don't you know the world is in recession you take Paco with you to Woodbine once in a while
He's a young guy with a golden spoon in his mouth. Why don't you bring Paco on your show once in a while?
What kind of a stupid thing with that be to do?
Are these us people again with no lives? Oh, we want to hear what Paco sounds like we want to get some inside dope with
There's no dope and there's no credit. The only dope is me on the dope. I got some
Yeah, I'm sure you do when it comes to dope George is the that's his area of expertise
20 till noon 20 minutes before our thing opens our neodymium
I
D
The cyber radio is what we take its place
They hold the satellite to orbit out in space
And find the way for thousands of hours as the fan
If you expect to get your soul played on the air
Game over now, on this far-right
The channel feels the radio star
The channel feels the radio star
The channel feels the radio star
The channel feels the radio star
The channel feels the radio star
The channel feels the radio star
They suck
They blow
They stink
Keep channel
And that includes you, Ken Charles, what a loser
So who did the morning this morning on the Cross Street?
Oh, it's going to be a spy report on that
We need a data report
Have a lot of this silly cousin ride back and forth
Oh, I'm the real this one, I'm the fake that one
But in the meantime, where are some information?
Right
And we wouldn't know because now I bet you're fleeing my cum writing in there
Because he's a radio spy
Right, or someone will text me
Maybe somebody will tweet, Twitter and tweet
Here's one that says, kiss my grapes, Neil
I wonder how many candies George took during the Ultra Music Festival
By the way, Prodigy sucked, it says
Yeah, yeah
Did Prodigy suck?
They were great, they were phenomenal
One of the best shows ever
Yeah, what do you want to do?
Kiss my grapes, my ass
Half of one
Another sour push, there's another reason to hate being in South Florida
Oh, and by the way, I changed the poll
Okay
Phil Attsman says, I have a day off so I'm getting my Neil Fix
Sounding great as always, I like the way George and Flea sound together when you're out there
Well, the good part of that is that the week after next, it'll be me and Flea
And then the week after that, George and Flea
Vacations come up
And you know something?
No
It's April 2
Just a couple of months away from that June summer schedule start
No, then you get a lot of George and Flea
Now, it's Flea going to be doing the summer shows with you as far as I know
I know
Wow
Because he does it for Flea for free
Flea does it for free?
Yeah, in the show too
Oh, no
943 votes on the Pollwich and Schmidt-Cand
And I don't want to read the whole thing, let me just read the top three
The thing I hate most about living in South Florida is the Effing Traffic 177
Unbearable heat from May to October, 180
He had a heat index on most days, 166
So many numbers and so little time
I think I might sneeze again
Well wait, that cold is almost over but I think I might have one or two sneezes left in me
Weasers and sneezes, not this one though, it's
No, look at the lighting
Don't live there no more when you saw 421
Never lived there, 35, I'm going to sneeze
Wow
So don't live there no more and never live there between those two, it's about 16%.
A lot of people are not South Florida people anymore or never were
Which is quite a tribute to us with the tremendous publicity we get on the show
The tremendous promotion
You just wait till Bob McKay comes back
Can't wait
Oh Cliff and Kendall sent this to me yesterday afternoon
I hit the man lying in the road
What?
The officer smelled out calling his breath and described Stahlworth's eyes as bloodshot and watery
A blood sample was taken from Stahlworth and forwarded to a lab at U of M
Where results showed his blood alcohol level was 0.126
Stahlworth later told police that they might be of each police station that he had time to hunk his horn
And flash his headlights to Warren Rayas who was not in a crosswalk
Cliff and Kendall says after reading Donnie's description of the accident I am a sickened
He saw a man lying in the road he hunked his horn flashed his lights and proceeded to mow this poor slob over
Is that the way it works?
If you flash your lights and hunk your horn to pedestrian this fear game?
I guess
Donnie you worth millions next time checking the fountain to infinity of sober ups as Cliff and Kendall was pretty pissed off about it
Donnie Stahlworth, piece of turd
Have another drink, Danny
Danny
You want to hear the new poll?
Please
You don't care
Of course I do
I can tell by the way you said that
Boy, don't cry
That's C-Sneeze
Set me back a bit
I already voted on it
20 votes already on the brand new poll man they are all over it like stink on Sid Rosenberg
Who is a tough choice
He goes out with a one share
In both demos many team plus in persons 25 54 1.4 1.4 whatever yet. What's the point?
He was a flop
Not to mention the other reasons which we found out why he got canned which we won't put on the air but nevertheless
I'll let you talk about it on the air don't do it
No
Generally this is the poll generally you get the absolute worst service at blank
Wal-Mart 5
Radio Shack 2
Best Buy 2
KFC 2
Home Depot 2
Kmart 2
Taco Bell 1
IHOP 1
Target 1
Loads 1
Mickey D's 1
And then these have none
Stake and Shake Danny's Wendy's a Burger King
Out of the first 24 votes have zero
Zipity Duda
The big
Oh
Brox solid
Yeah
I can't wait till the book comes out we can see his two to four numbers
Obviously he really helped us a lot in Mad Dog
He just really put him
To sleep
You know managed to really great following us
Yeah
Remember those days?
Sure
He did sensational
But following
Comin' at ya
And the big
Oh
He's had problems
How about that?
And of course at nighttime now that we got that 0.3 in person's 2554
Although let's be honest if you double it to get the mail number you got an 0.6 there
What?
What?
Oh I'm sorry
And I'll be making a funny funny D.A.
Okay just because he's a very nice guy
Joe Bell's buddy and he brought him in from Kansas City by way of West Coast of Florida
He's a very nice guy who wish nothing but the best for it
Exactly I wish him the best too but he's having a difficult time following that horrible 7-8 hour
And not only that but like tonight
Oh
I haven't even given the schedule yet you know what?
Well
Well then
That's why I'm in a good mood when I give this schedule especially Thursday
We got the big O-2 mad dog 4-7 hurricane hotline 7-8 with a wooden Kimba Bo camper
8-9 high school gridiron report
How many people listen to that?
The A-9 to midnight again trying to follow just an impossible task even they hercally
And task that even D.A. can't pull off
A 0.3 on this once mighty radio station
Of course what people are telling me is that at nighttime if you think the signal is bad in the daytime with a human interference
At nighttime it's like invisible
Like we have vanished from the radio dial
But you wait till we get that new stick up there you know we're gonna stick the stick no
That's what what's his name Bob McCay is coming back for
After several heartfelt meetings with the Bruce Beasley
He decided it was time to hang it up
A lot of heartfelt meetings going on this business lady you know what this business is done yet
And we're still here you gave me a lot of crap for signing that new deal you know but that I had no other choices
That was it take it or leave it
And I look at all the people who aren't even on the air anymore for example yeah that one
Yep
And Tom don't like us there's a whole list of people who aren't on the air who vanished who disappeared
Jeff says another example of large corporations wanting to spend minimal money
And it says shove product through their advertising pipeline whatever that means
The soap opera guiding light is switching off after a 72 year run that predates television
What's a good thing I stopped watching that years ago I don't watch no soap anymore it's bad for my image good
CBS is the show will have its final episode in September like most daytime dramas guiding light is suffered from declining ratings
And CBS is looking for a lower cost alternative to the hour of programming lower cost alternative you hear that
No
The Guinness book of world records has cited guiding light is the longest running television drama and began as a 15 minute serial on NBC radio in January
1937 and debuted on CBS TV in 1952 focusing on the Bauer family of Springfield Illinois or Springfield Michigan or are we the way to know where it is Springfield
The Bauer there was Papa Bauer and Mama Bauer and baby's Nitsyeta her leg cut off and then she died yeah was there a black bow and Ed Bauer Grizzly Bauer baby Bauer
Hank Bauer smokey the Bauer Johnny Bauer
Papa Mauer Nistva Nistva that's all he ever said on the show Nistva I don't even know what that means Nistva you know what that means no what I don't know I knew I would tell you and guess what time it is boys and girls how do you do the time see that's when life was
It's simpler when we had a TV show called Howdy Doody I don't think you would say that today mm-hmm somebody would probably file a whole bunch of complaints with the FCC oh we're going to find you $50 zillion for saying duty probably in fact you know who else says that and I never play it either no
SUDs well that makes us feel like duty see there you go duty you can't say do it not anymore well hi there Mr. Doody
yeah Buffalo Bob used to approach the puppet and say well hello there hi there Mr. Doody can you imagine walking up to somebody saying hi Mr. Doody no maybe you can walk up the touch met and say hi Mr. Schmidt
and this is a max look at a size this no it's terrific because you know we are
As Richard Quest again with that Tony Harris guy two of the most anxious subhumans on the history of mankind
This is Dick Kenny I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
Hey
You are older you still have your hair and your arch die brow
I heard you was splitting up with Heather your wife it's another day in the life
Last year your age was 63 time to add one more
Let's have a party for Paul McCartney now we 64
I'm dying of hair
We roll over too
I'd like to say these words happy birthday to you
You and the Beatles once were big news John and George are gone
George had cancer John got shot they didn't survive good old ringo he's the life
Watch for a stick holding some weed in Japan on tour
The white doesn't need you the lawyers will believe you and you're 64
Oh
You are gonna plots when you hear this okay by the way 31 left all night and every look at it 17 left
Really yeah let me go on there I got sidetracked with a whole bunch of emails
All right including one is going to knock you off your seat all right I guess what's from
I don't know John did you are good guess so I was the child great and there's a lot of it 14 left
For Premiere 14 we started with 100 and we got only 14 left you better hurry 12 left like I said they're going like hotcakes
Everything that you were listed there in the food they brought in sounded really yummy to me it is
A lot of you must have been incredibly incredible
I do like that I like it a lot
Well least this week we can see how many are on there and at least I think we got our our thing back three left is all we got according to this
Two twenty five dollar certificates for 25 bucks squash Reveally oh baby only one left I'm ready to squash it
Yeah you ready for this again who knows whether to believe any of this or not but that's what makes it fun
You you take everything so serious yeah that's what I do you need to lighten up a little bit okay little chuckle would be good
You know like that's it no a little chuckle I said that's up to 52
John's ETR says zero left I work at WQAM
Neil I will really shock you with what I'm about to say I work at WQAM ask George to think hard
Tell him I see him every day as he comes in and I'm one of the last people he sees when he leaves
Are you thinking really hard yeah I'm thinking it's full of crap
I see me every day as he comes in and I see you're not going to play with this guy I aim maybe it's right
Maybe it sounds like a radio groupie it sounds like somebody obsessed with make it's flea
Do you see flea when you leave?
Yeah I see flea every morning when I come in and you see him on the way out?
Yep it's flea
Could be anybody who's got the time to Twitter has certainly got time to send all this huzz or I
Flea is John's ETR could be could flea flea is the fake and the fake and the fake yeah
I like that just pull the surprises today John's ETR but still and now they're well let's see let me refresh it
It says none left all certificates are processing so remind me to go back and check it and I'll keep it
Oh will you make sure it's official you know check it to see if it's official and the post office to our poll by the way
Do it no or he says please add post office to the poll if there were private business they'd be out of business
And the ask for a bailout a man the poster office good choice nothing like going to the post office when there's a long line
And there's like one person working and you wonder where the other two or three people you know all the other spots and
Smoke and cigarettes I guess or going through the packages to see if there's anything good in there
Wow wouldn't that be a lot of fun don't send money through the mail because you never know if it's going to get where it's supposed to be going
Don't send George any drugs through the mail because it definitely won't get there right so flea is John's ETR huh is that could be but I don't believe it
You don't believe it's somebody that works there not really
Jan says I was in public when you switched the poll I didn't hear the requirements for the poll there are no requirements it's a question
But I think that a part of the vehicles on the post office should be added respectfully submitted to a Neil God from a long time lawyer listen to Jan thanks Jan we got the post office on there you want to put the MV sure absolutely
I mean absolutely I'm scouring this thing now I don't want to miss anything because there are so many incredible revelations coming in here today
I'm sure that they're all full of crap all what it's the day after yeah after April fools you know that's a real good excuse like a week after April
Fool well you know last week was April Fool's Day so here's a bunch of crap you know very jackass as my sources at 790 the ticket confirm that yesterday's announcement about Ed Berliner as I suggested by the way was indeed a hoax is there anybody stupid enough to put Ed Berliner on a morning drive no it says look for George Sedano crystal for Nandez and Karen K yes that one it says Karen K to be the new morning team
Mooshabi may return to the station of mid days the moves to Karen K member yeah I do remember by the way 40 back we go how many 42 42 yeah so we have game players today
Oh
Shouldn't surprise anyone no it does not surprise me oh now we got 64 back
There are 64 certificates for Primavera remaining first and we're done another 64 and then I just play that now he's 64 yep I think it's no no what it there are no coincidences no that is shocking 64 I can understand if there were like a dozen you know
a lot of people playing games poxking around with our neildio but that you know we're used to that the way I look at it is we'll sell what we sell you know I'm saying mm-hmm
We'll do what we can do and that's it they'll sell out we're just you know that that was up to 62 how do you know they're going to sell out they always do for a place like this still 64 it's not exactly moving
Oh 77 77 are you like non-plust a non-plust a extra plus 77 I think what we were discussing before about this situation was probably true but never
It's not fleet and George Sedona starts morning is over there on Monday and who's going to do middays and who and who was on this morning who's on this morning he's going to do middays come on let's get some good information going there flea Mr. Yenthal okay just like remember they were dropping the format who told us that was that the Josh Curtis I think gave us that that was last year
They were dropping the sports by March and all this other crap and then they were going syndicated from 10 a.m. to all that other garbage the real story was that Sid got came and we had that story Sid with his one shares so George Sedona who fails in the midday is going to go into morning and fail yes wow got some big shoes to fill their point oh yeah they're just diddle in themselves over there that's all the way down
They're doing they're dealing it and who did the flea say is going to be doing midday the booster he did not no not to impress once upon a time flea had you know he was a source for good radio info now not so much 77 that's what we got left on here what if it goes back to 100 I don't know what if 77
7 WBC it's not moving at all well I'm going to go back to the pool you keep your eye on that okay let me know if we sell another one okay
Keats says sometimes you last George an opinion or question then you cut them off that's not nice sometimes he'll try to say something about a story email just read and you'll say what to him and then just continue out of the next email or issue before it gets to say anything
sometimes he tries to say something and you act like you're not even listening please try not to do this anymore everyone picks on George and says that he's not interested in the show well it's probably because you're doing you're so dang mean to him yeah that's right I'm so dang mean to George when you were out all George it was talked nice about you and boost up your persona talking about how he got you a digital camera and how he asked you to take pictures of your daily life to intrigue you with it you were your fans
George is the bomb and everyone knows it he's the bomb even if he does listen to that mindless trans music and the same stupid beat over and over again drug music he has brilliant has a good voice and he serves some props thanks for your time you'll God you demand Keith who's writing a bunch of crap just a road just to be a no Jean Prabocchio stop being to me no I enjoy being me I'm in fact I'm going to start being real dang mean to you
you're a real deal Roger well here we go again Floridians dumb as dirt tired of the same old spring break exploitation video then order new girls you're my
kids just a tinctie sit from a wine cooler no more thank you one's my lemon watch girls are their terry cloth full body mumu who's studying under a sun umbrella
oh I better put on my SPF 70 and where's my study note I swear if I don't get my 10 hours sleep I get so I got
listen as these homesick girls call their loamson boyfriends oh did you look under the bridge try the top drawer no the other top drawer
oh really mean my retainer I miss you too yeah I love you
you've never seen college girls so mundane that's girls gone what or today oh Rhonda
Coletti sent me the entries for the second race tomorrow and the first race I don't know why what a
you're not going there tomorrow no oh he's still eating okay like I said this is George being
nasty to me being mean to me right he's eating he not paying attention to what what exactly 44 left
by the entries I need to put some more paper in a machine so you talk with your mouthful to piss off and
smegle
how about that oh six horse field tomorrow in the second race only six horses go in a mile allow
its optional claimers oh you'll never guess this has to be wrong what yeah this is this is three 27 this
is from last week this is the second race from last week Rhonda Coletti you know something I just I
want to lay down before I cry because the one is four fathers and I thought but that said same
pig that was in last week this is Gulfstream Park 327 that's last Friday this Friday is April
turd manana see this is what happens when Steve Sloan farms this out to people adore for this radio
station to a goofball like Ron Nicoletti with his heavy New York accent I mean this is last week's
second race doctor pleasure who won the race yeah I can give you the winner in this race three
horse doctor pleasure with the lion leper roux yeah I can give you the winner every race when it's
over after it's over so I just I just mentioned that in passing you're gonna have to shake some
shake some apples off a tree somewhere get somebody on top of this you know it's a damn good
thing I printed that out now instead of waiting until like later and after the show and so on
George Ann says the place where the service was the abso freaking loopley worst is now in the
schmitter circuit city a place where you walked in and the employees would scatter in order not to
help you God forbid you would ask for an item that was locked in a cabinet the employee would say
they didn't have a key and we'll get somebody that did and as predicted would walk away never to be
seen again that's why I like best buy the staff is not on commission so they don't push a bunch
of Schmidt always listening George and I don't know I voted for best buy now I may have changed
he's absolutely correct I mean they had some really good prices and you can see why because they
don't pay for your pitch mini yeah but best buy used to be horrible and everything was always
required you finding somebody to get a ladder because the item that you wanted was up on a shelf
for you'll high you know when George walked in there he was real high but the items were up high
yeah I just flew right up and got him wow Scott says hardies at hardies to the pool the only
problem with that Scott is we don't have hardies in south Florida he's over there in the west coast
so there's no point in putting something on the pool that doesn't exist in south Florida you
understand what I'm saying I do I think I made a good point thank you see one thing about me I
usually almost always agree with whatever I say coincidence now here's Brandon LaFave
not to be confused with our friend Brandon subject Paco Neil I think you should post a picture of
Paco on your website we're all wondering what this gay looks like in my mind I see him as Caesar
Milan from dog whisperer just post a picture you fairy fag it says no chance I'm not I'm not
posting pictures of my personal friends on the website and you want to know why you want it
because none of these business I have no life that's right I have no life I have no life
Jorge for whatever the guy's name was a lot of Jorge's out there wow
now's up 286 I would be surprised if we go up over 300 today wouldn't that be something in Maria's cat
with those nasty baggy eyes god she looks like she hasn't slept since before Dracula was an infant
Maria Bartoromo now do you believe that's a real Maria B?
of course of course it is of course it is everybody knows all the real whoever they say they are
right the real Jimmy Cifalidic and the real Bob Lasseter
right the real micronary yep
John ZTR boy he he must be on heavy medication today did you meet up with him or something
no because started out with that one from yesterday that even you were just astonished where
he claimed to be the this one and that one then he said he wasn't any of those people now he
claims he works at the station I'm John you see every day what I'm John ZTR because you know what
I see myself you know get here every morning on the way in the night on the way out yeah uh-huh
Marx is all poor Mark poor baby you are a tease how can you say you know the real reasons he
got can't and then I'll not elaborate how can you live with yourself give it up inquiry minds
want to know no chance no chance long time mark no chance in your pants
some things are better left unsaid just just leave it to say the man's got a death wish he gets
canned everywhere he goes for one reason or another and in this case there was a reason and of course
the other reason being crappy numbers I mean when you keep coming up with one shares month after month
book after book anybody can get like a bogus book or a bogus trend you know
but every single trend month after month after month he couldn't crack a one share anymore he couldn't
get a two and you think they're going to continue paying I don't I have no idea how much you
was pulling down over there but they're going to pay anybody the way the economy is right now
I mean all these people getting blown out they're going to pay people for one shares no I think
DA is going to have to go like on work release or something 0.3 God
oh Tommy Tommy jikas says was it the real or fake Jimmy syphilis we emailed you yesterday about
the meeting you had with the dolphins if the signals are concerned why wouldn't these the
agreed a simulcastic games on FM I thought we did simulcastic games on FM I thought they're on kiss
or power I don't know I know we simulcastic John ZTR's Pete Lenny
are you sure no I'm not well then why did you say that that's my prime suspect you see him every day
yeah it says Jimmy is a saboteur clear channels dying to get the dolphins well whatever
whatever that's what we got is the dolphins in the canes baby John ZTR is PD Lenny that wouldn't
surprise me he's a crazy person right you know and he knows all these people he's a right in the
bout and he's just a kind of guy who is opposed to being outselling during these very difficult times
will be sitting around at his computer tapping out this crap so it's not flea it's PD Lenny
I think you want to say or maybe you're just on something that took
and what am I going to make for lunch you know what I got I got another pepperoni stick
well that sounds better than this veal chop I'm having right now oh no it doesn't
and not away that but
that too those are pretty great I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized
oh how many days ago did I am here and you are and I can't say any more they took that for me
thanks for no small part tonight midday show guys oh bokeh yeah yeah that's that guy
who having a hell out of you met him I did it did it yes out in the hallway that I don't know
who I don't know whatever let's take some calls and shall we prestige is a bud palia city
hello yeah hi mom yeah yeah what do you know what he's is when are people gonna realize this
this is a sports show and nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
yeah by the way some they paid me to oggle and admire men this here is a show for men
about men like this milley bears and chats you stole the pizza huh you stole the pizza I did not
take no pizza stole the pizza I don't be ridiculous you stole the pizza I don't know what you're
talking about stole the pizza I didn't steal the pizza stole the pizza no I did not steal no pizza
stole the pizza now see here I ain't no pie burglar stole the pizza I did not steal the pizza
you only had one slice they're okay so it was a whole five who cares those bombs had no power
I was hungry I sacrificed a lot to you know there was no Dr. Brown's just don't taste the same
without the Dr. Brown's that's rudist has that marijuana unsended good night and kiss my ass and don't
forget that too on a 1232 I mean my pepperoni stick good by most of it off the ear though
I want to get Ben Schmiegel up set we got 68 certificates left for a primavera
the only 68 the dials up 305 how come you're so silent I don't have anything to say to that the
dials up 305 now we have 68 certificates left and I'm drinking wine now I'm done eating you're
drinking wine take my dessert with me maybe I'll give John's eat you're on the way out what is this
some kind of a moose thing I'm actually seeing John's ETR in a way out I got tiramisu yeah chocolate
moose stuff banana which I had at the restaurant it's one of the most incredibly insane delicious
things you've ever had in your life chocolate moose stuff banana with five little wrapping around it
wow and it's incredible my blood sugar is going up just hearing that but I beat my pepperoni
stick no carbs those up 308 and juice Johnson says please stop saying duty on the
well that makes us feel like duty well that makes us feel like duty well that makes us feel like
duty how about that makes us feel like duty you know who I'm positive is John's ETR I give up
fat boy and or his boyfriend that would that would make all the sense in the world more
sense than anything else yeah game players I would do connexion sure a good job of a good
lifeless right crazy radio medleel certified with the logo mr radio yeah you know
the reason I know that is I just got a email that I'm not going to read on the ear that I put
in the waste basket okay trying to stir up some crap again of course not gonna I'm not going
to read it good fool me one shame on me oh look at this have you tried hogging does five ice cream
yet never heard of it me either I'm finished with my pepperoni I got another one in there though good
made with five ingredients milk cream sugar eggs and one of the following ingredients to create
the seven single note flavors what what does that mean seven single note flavors do you understand
that what language are they speaking brown sugar coffee ginger milk chocolate mint passion fruit
or vanilla bean oh I see there are seven different flavors of hog and does five ice cream
follow that little bit complicated poorly the dolls of 313 313 point hog and does like like I
said that banana note was great I can't find it anymore their rocky road is okay not great but
it's okay other than that you can take hog and does and what was that other one do do she
delay she that other flavor yeah that one yeah I never wound up having it for what it's worth
just based on your I had it it was your recommendation but it was watery so you said
your people love that for whatever reason not in what watery it's a no that flavor yeah
used to you to all recommendations that that's way back on iod that's 100 years ago
Tim and Tampa who's an expert says George is right this time he had Tim's an expert on radio
I agree with George when he says your numbers go up and down you have some good and bad color
and good and bad emails your numbers on the rise has nothing to do with you not taking calls
well uh whatever you say always when I when I sit down here to the show I always listen to the
advice of some anonymous email are out there as opposed to using my own judgment
and in addition to which I'm not taking calls and you want to know why I don't want to
I don't want to sit there with my finger on the button waiting for I'm your friend 400 times
also Tim says I forgot to tell you about my trip to Vegas craps is where it's at
I killed them on the craps table the slot machines are good if you and here here comes
this is the most profound statement of any email we've ever had
you ready ready strapped in got it got it strapped on the slot machine
yeah the slot machines are good if you play them at the right time
okay
says Tim and Tampa who's giving me programming advice and gambling advice
yeah but he tell you what time those are
like afternoon between three and four thirty
now that that's quite a line
oh the the fake Tommy jikka sent me the same thing about Jimmy syphilis
it's all it's all a fat boy Jeff high and his boyfriend yeah the other crazy Dave
their date the other trade I'm telling you right now I am not arguing with you at all
about that do we know anybody else he meant it enough or uh you know uh yeah but
well pd Lenny's a possibility sure and if john ztr does work at qa m
isn't that quite a comment at least somebody in the building listen to the show beside flea and
joe bell well there's three yeah that was up 306 it's only 12 38 you've got to be kidding me this
show today what was the other day this this week or the last couple weeks when it seemed like
the show it's when I was ill and I'm not all that ill in today but all that food you read
especially that dessert that makes me just wild oh I'm saving it I'm savoring it
and even on hogging does five ice cream sounds good haven't seen it nowhere is yet
but I will one thing about hogging does man they are sure good marketers they've got everywhere
in the world you go there's a certain amount of Ben and Jerry's but there's a hundred times more
hogging does like an amster them on the dam rack I'm trying to think of the name of the store where
they sell the it's against a candy store and in the front they have ice cream and I'm pretty sure
it's hogging does okay no actually it's Ben and Jerry's oh well because they have because they have
fish food every now and then okay Ben and Jerry's since I told you since they sold it yeah
nothing in the toilet they make the worst garbage now it is just it's impossible right how how can
you do that how can you be the best one day in the worst the next day how how is that possible
corporate suits as Joe Bell that question Phil says I am in South Florida and listen online
therefore Ben and Ben to George too the fake feel from pop it all says he didn't leave you out
he included one of those just for you all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time the
mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster
entertainment give bandage sings duets
here's the mad dog two bandage sing classic rock
good
it's
First Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You're not gonna want her.
But now he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss enough
with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing God Bless America
and paste these in the jeep string up here, I'll do it.
I got food and everybody knows that it's all right.
Oh, it's all right.
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy.
Oh, it's right.
I'm right.
I'm right.
I'm right.
Jim said it.
Sing duet.
It's available now.
It all blocked us.
But guess what I still don't have, George?
The entries?
Right.
Well, I sent Steve's phone in email a while ago.
Yeah, right after you and I.
First of all, why would I be getting this from Ron Nicoletti?
I know he's the handicraft for a Gulf Stream.
But what has he got to do with us?
Maybe Steve or someone else asked him to do that.
Well, I tell you one thing.
Don't ask him again because it's obviously a chore way too big
for Mr. Nicoletti.
I mean, maybe it was the fake Ron Nicoletti
that sent me guys out the entries.
Because the real one, I don't think,
would be that stupid to send me the entries from last week.
You follow what I'm saying?
Yep.
Got a half-n-stief Sloan.
Get with it.
Schmuck.
Blackie says Neil and one of the PSAs on the net.
There's a law firm ad.
And the promoter lawyer says,
it's his duty to serve his clients on their rights,
yadi-adi-adi.
It says Blackie.
He says duty.
Yeah.
Don't we say that in the Boy Scouts or the Covers in whatever it is?
I promise you my best to do my duty.
Right.
I tell you one thing.
I should do the best to do my duty.
And I do it every day.
I do it like a clockwork, like a ritual.
I bet your mom is rolling over and hell-right.
And I mean heaven right now.
I think she's jealous.
Jealousy.
She was always jealous of your duty.
Of my Lucy Bowls.
Armando says,
hagandas rocky road with a touch of condensed milk is a part of your mouth.
Signed the fake Armando.
It sounds like crap to me.
A touch of condensed milk.
Okay.
Well, what is that all about?
Hagandas rocky road, like I said, is okay.
Just okay.
Okay.
It's not anywhere near like bastard Robbins rocky road is all awesome.
Just freaking awesome.
Condensed milk.
I mean the kind of stuff that people concoct that they put together.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't understand it.
Why would you put condensed milk?
I'm assuming thing I gotta say.
Is it?
They use that for a sweetener in certain desserts like the dual say did whatever fill in the blank.
Dual say a lace bag?
Yes.
Do she do a lace bag?
Yes.
Here's one from Daryl who says I only found out today that Brian James died in March.
Do you know who that is?
No.
I don't get to hear you much.
I didn't know if you had heard the story DM.
Is that something we talked about or something?
What?
Is that something we talked about or something?
I never heard of Brian James.
Jesse James.
Ben Schmiegel says your eating habits are a dial turner.
Good bye.
Yeah, good bye for the four hundred time.
Good bye.
Let me put it to this way Ben.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, bye, bye.
It's my way or the highway.
If I can't listen to the radio without being grossed out, I will not listen.
Good bye.
To think I looked up to you at one point in time.
Now he looks down because he went to etiquette school and he's a real big shot.
Ben Schmiegel took John's ETR a while to get that one going.
Or maybe a fat boy.
I think we ought to get Joe Bell's private detective working on that.
Oh you?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I got a couple of things here in my pile but I got news for you.
It's going to take us till two o'clock.
We'll be honest.
Real, real, sad situation.
If I were even tempted to turn on that monitor, take a few calls.
I would not be pleased.
I ain't twisting your.
Take calls.
No, not at all.
You like them but I want to leave them for you.
Well thank you.
Because the week after next I mean you're going to be on all week I'll be on vacation and you and free.
You're going to be taking a lot of calls, a lot of great calls.
Take it a moment.
Maybe you can go around a building like somebody I know used to.
Come and add you.
And set some stuff up.
Set up some good fake calls.
How about that?
Yeah.
I'll start writing the scripts now.
So Jorge Zedano is going to be doing morning starting Monday along with him a cast of...
And Karen Kay?
Is that what we heard?
Wow, the sheepin on that.
I can't be familiar.
Karen, freaking Kay.
Well you know she failed on IOD so it's a good idea to bring her back.
Right.
Is the Walter Sable coming along with this package too?
I had one in my mouth once.
Oh I'm sure more than once.
Anyway Scott Levinson in regard to the previous pool moving out of South Florida.
He said yes I did but unfortunately as I've said many times before.
Phanellis Park makes Tamerak look like paradise.
I thought the Aldecockers my conduit,
Roques to were bad enough.
Roques?
I don't know.
But Phanellis car worshipping red necks here make them look human.
The toothless locals here drive roasted out pickup trucks covered in rebel flags,
Jesus fish and NASCAR number three stickers.
I have anti-bush anti-war stickers on my car.
It's not surprising that the drivers with the Jesus fish spirit 90.52 life tags are the ones
who give you the finger and scream at you to get the F out of our country.
They're just as bad in Walmart, Savalot as the old parts are at publics back in South Florida.
We do have publics here and the red necks avoid it too expensive for them.
Dollar general Walmart is their version of Bloomingdale's bird eyes.
The way they drive up and down US-19 or Gandy Park Boulevard is just as bad as the condo
commando's and university drive.
Yes I'm crazy to say this but I'd rather be back in Broward than hearing this God forsaken Joyce Hole.
Funny to note there's a development here called Mainlands of Tamrak and yes,
it's a 55 plus place.
Signed Scott Stuck in Hell Oops Penelos Park.
Well, so if you think you got a bad being stuck in South Florida,
you can only be imagined being stuck on a West Coast, although they do have good restaurants over there.
What's that place with a strawberry pie that I can never think of the name of it's on Davy Road Extension?
Right by 595.
I don't know.
Right near the head with the Godfather's.
I don't know.
From the chain from Detroit.
Stooky.
No, slur they have slim gyms and not slim gyms like sausages but slim gyms sandwiches.
Really?
Ooh.
I have a mental block with that place.
I don't know why.
I've eaten there a zillion times.
But they've got the best damn strawberry pie.
Mmm.
So you got me started with the food talking about all those stuff.
Hey, it's going to happen on Thursdays.
How are we doing with the certificates by the way?
Let me tell you what, don't tell me.
Oh, don't tell me.
Sorry, I'm a bastard.
Yeah, I know that.
Bastard from a basket.
Okay.
Now, Primavera we got only 64 left.
Primavera Restaurant.
64 left.
And these are 225's by the way.
I'm not saying much.
Last week I said a lot.
This week I'm not saying much.
Everybody in this building in your building is an expert.
All the sales people are experts.
We know nothing.
We just do this stuff on a year.
And they're the experts.
Just like these e-mailers, they're the experts.
The thousand three hundred and six and a half point.
It's almost one o'clock which means during this next break I'm going to like
put on my pantaloonies and my shoes.
Yeah.
Maybe spritz a little more right card and left card under my...
I told you the strip about the woman at the wood mine who told me how good he smelled good.
Doesn't that nice?
That is very nice.
And I do.
Good.
And like I've always told you this is why I'm...
And see it paid off and I got nice compliment.
And even Paco yesterday told me I smelled good.
When I gave him a good buy hug you know.
So you smell great.
That's nice.
If you can't look good, smell good.
It doesn't cost much to smell good.
Soap is cheap.
Right?
Soap is cheap.
Right.
And they got real cheap like aftershave and stuff.
Right.
So if you know that doesn't smell good.
What?
The cheap aftershave?
Well not the cheap stuff.
Yeah.
Steal some expensive stuff.
That's right.
Here's one from John ZTR.
The reason for me sending all the crap today is that work is exceptionally slow.
Anyway of course I don't work at WQM and I'm not the fake radio experts.
Oh this guy is sad.
He's really sad.
And you like him.
He's your hero you said.
Yeah.
You didn't say that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
so keep making bites,
while listening to the Neil Rogers.
One or two hours.
After years of drug abuse
and controversial rehabilitation,
Beachboy, Brian Wilson,
is going to release a collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for having us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how he tardid you sound?
No.
That's... that's...
You'll show you what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62
from this early Beach Boy recording session.
Hey, man.
Did you like it?
Yeah.
You look cute.
Uh, you look cute.
My ears...
Man, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen.
Did you like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Did you like it?
It's a little hard to dance, too.
Did you like it?
Yeah, very nice, Brian.
The Brian Wilson Collection of Burned Out Composition.
Did you like it?
Oh, yeah.
Uh, the master copy available now on eBay.
Did you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Did you like it?
Yeah.
Okay, 101 and 56.
That was for Ben, just in case he's still listening.
Oh.
And let's throw in...
Oh, one of those two works at charge.
Here.
Will says,
Big Boy had sandwiches named Brony, Lad and Slim Jim.
I do not recall strawberry pie.
Well, I guess what?
They had the best strawberry pie in history.
So you missed out.
At the Big Boy?
Shownies Big Boy.
Oh, baby.
And Slim Jim was a good sandwich, too.
They had good sandwiches.
They had good stuff.
Sounds good.
I wonder if that one is still there by Davey Road Extension?
Somebody will call and let us know.
Because there's a haste right there with a Godfather's in it, right?
That to me is...
That proved well, of course.
My pie didn't make it.
Ice cream places don't make it in South Florida.
Great pizza places don't make it.
My pie didn't make it.
Remember the Chicago style pizza?
Yep.
Well, they had worked a couple other ones.
Didn't make it.
And Godfather's is just, you know, a part of the gas stations.
Right.
Now, did you ever have the real Godfather's pizza?
Yeah, there was one over here not far from where I'm sitting right now when I used to live in this area.
Yeah.
And we got from there all the time it was great.
Because they put the cheese on top.
Uh-huh.
And it would melt down into the ingredient.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Mmm.
I had another half of a pepperoni stick during the break.
Oh, you didn't save it for the air?
I got another one in there.
That was up only 283 now.
It's down below 300.
On the upside.
Still not bad, but I'm sure Maria will take it.
Maria, would you take it?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
Never noticed how Maria sounds just like Larry.
A little bit.
Here's one from somebody who says,
I've been in Fort Lauderdale since 2001.
And it's just fine.
I worked a weekend so I missed most of the traffic.
And when I'm off work, there are no lines.
The beach isn't crowded and the beer is always cold.
I swear when I first heard you talk about the half-priced deals,
I thought you were talking about your contract.
Uh-huh.
What?
Cute.
The departure of WINZ is bad news.
I've learned some important stuff from listing the radio,
your show in Air America, not WIOD, not WIOD.
Well, what you'll learn at WIOD is there's a lot of fascists running around.
WIOD?
Oh, I hate that station.
And who doesn't?
And the fact that they got a bunch of slackers over there,
sitting on the rest, sending me emails every day,
John's ETR is on my list, by the way.
I'm not dealing with him anymore.
Now that I know who it is for sure, OK.
I'm telling you, I know who it is.
What I told you is the truth.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
That's not PD Lenny.
All right.
As much as that would certainly be a possibility.
I have a feeling that PD Lenny has more of a need to survive, you know?
Like go out and sell and do something, especially during these tough days.
Whereas the other fat tub of lard,
I'm sure he'd be content to sit on his ass and send emails all day.
Without a doubt.
Right?
Right.
And just like who sent me the email to my real email address this morning?
About the ratings?
That's right.
That's right.
Which I was not PD Lenny, by the way.
Correct.
It was another sales hole.
Now I want you to listen to something really strange.
OK.
I mean, as if all of it hasn't been shared.
Sure.
I just came out this morning two months of the winter book, and they were not so bad.
Not so great, but not so bad.
We got a real shot there in men 2554 when this book comes out.
If we get some real wired, I mean some good help from the audience and working my breath, crossing my fingers.
Todd.
I didn't look that up.
What?
The day for the book.
Oh.
One moment, please.
No worries.
All right.
April 30th.
All right.
10 am.
April 30th.
That's 28 days.
Four weeks from today.
Is it not?
It sounds not right to me.
916, 23rd, 30th.
four weeks from today.
We'll be the book.
Could be the, I guess it's the last book and then we go to that people meter thing.
Right.
Now which one is the one where we get both?
This one or the next one?
I don't know.
Don't ask me a lot of questions.
I don't know.
Tanner by the way is upset about the PPM.
I got a whole thing that very Jack has sent me a couple weeks ago which I won't waste
time reading it on a year.
Okay.
Much too complicated.
But a lot of the PDs are not real happy with this PPM.
Very inaccurate.
Very full of crap.
Not like the system we have no.
Not like Arbitron.
That's completely accurate.
Like that.
You know.
I listen to radio mambe.
I listen to radio mambe.
I'm not radio mambe.
Yeah.
Mambe my ass.
This is from the building in which I live here.
Attention.
Residence and guests.
Now, now let me just make it clear.
And I've told you this before in this building they have either heating or cooling.
Not both.
Okay.
I mean most, you know, most homes you have central area.
Right.
Or you can air condition it.
You know, I like anybody.
No building.
Why is talking about right?
Huh?
They either make heat available or cold available building.
Correct.
Okay.
Absolutely.
I have no life.
No.
Absolutely.
Correct.
Here's the here's the memo they sent out to all residents.
Please be advised that as the seasons change, we will be scheduling the change over from
heat to cooling.
Now I want you to listen to this next sentence very carefully put on your Mickey Mouse
ears.
Okay.
We'll be waiting until we've experienced 10 consecutive days of temperatures in excess
of 15 degree centigrade.
It's like 59 60.
Okay.
As soon as this temperature rise has a consistent pattern, we'll announce the schedule
of the change over 10 consecutive days.
This is a seasonal change as we cannot forecast the weather.
We must anticipate the weather temperature will continue to climb.
The change over will normally take place during the first week or two of May.
It all depends on the weather.
Your comfort is our greatest concern during the seasonal change over period.
Signed a real smegegee.
How do you like that?
10 consecutive days.
So what if we had like eight consecutive days of like 18, 19, 20, which is 68.
And then on the ninth day it was like 13, 56.
Do we have to wait and start all over again?
Yes.
It resets.
It resets?
Yeah.
They start counting from zero again.
Yeah, reset this.
Okay.
Yeah.
God.
Let's get those emails coming in.
We got 52 minutes to kill here and I'm down to some stuff that I really didn't want to
use at all.
You know what I mean?
Correct.
What do you mean?
All of this one's not too bad.
Boyfriend dies after catching suicide.
A lover.
That's a Chinese story.
Oh, I don't want to be picking on the Chinese one because I do like a lot of Chinese
one, but nevertheless, the old, not the old smelly Chinese one.
The one I have like about four pounds of hair growing out of their ears.
Now, what is that all about?
Why is it that as we get older, more and more here?
I have to use that clip remind you, though, that I shave my head with.
Hormones.
What?
Hormones.
Hormones?
Yeah.
What should we be talking about?
Well, you know how when you were very young, you didn't have any hair on your body at all.
Yeah.
And as you get older, the hormones trigger hair to grow on certain parts of your body.
Really?
Yeah.
You notice that part, right?
Correct.
Yeah.
And it never stops.
In other words, you just keep getting hair on new parts of your body.
So if you lived forever, you'd be a werewolf.
You keep getting hair on new parts of your body.
You just keep getting more and more hair.
Most people, two different degrees, of course.
You know, some people are very hairy by the time they're like, you know, 18.
They're, they're, you mean like poppallon, poppallon hair?
Yeah.
They got the hair on their shoulders and hair on on their neck and things like that.
What's his name?
One problem.
J.P.
It's now a few months ago.
I mentioned him and you said you didn't remember who he was.
Okay.
The, the, the classic, classic example of what happens with drugs.
Yeah.
No, you kept, you kept arguing with him.
I'm sure he was talking to somebody else.
What?
Whatever.
No, you were mentioning somebody that came to us at a particular dinner and I couldn't
remember who it was that came with us.
So you remember him?
You remember the hot young guys.
I'm sorry.
You know, I don't, you know, I remember the hot young girl.
He was a beautiful guy and he had unfortunately for, I mean, not that it made any difference.
And I'm trying to remember who was you and somebody else and maybe was Joe Castello, given
a, lifting up his sweater and he was, it was like Harry is a bear.
It wasn't me.
Yes.
Fuzzy was a bear.
Harry.
Yeah.
Which you know me.
I don't like Harry.
Can't stand Harry.
Although in this case, I would have just shaved him up.
I'm sure, I'm sure you would have.
I would have cleaned him up.
I remember one day he was in turning.
We were sitting in the control room while the morning show was on and I came in and
I looked through that glass window there and I thought, who is that?
Who is that fine looking young stud in there?
By the way, I don't know if you also noticed at that same age he was already, the hair
on his head was thinning.
They go hand in hand.
Yeah.
How about the hair on his crotch?
Was that kind of like filling in?
That I didn't check.
You seem to be pretty much into all his areas.
His areas of expertise.
That's it.
Yeah, it was a J.P.
Expert.
J.P.
He was, he was okay.
He was a good guy.
Let's see.
Who on the Toronto Philadelphia game last night?
It was on that goofy channel up the NHL center.
I said, Fred and Boko, final score.
Philadelphia 2, Toronto 3.
Fred.
Leafs.
Go, Leafs go.
In a meaningless game.
Of course, all the games are Leafs play.
When they tell you before the season starts, we're not going to make the playoffs.
We're going to think, it makes pretty much all the games meaningless.
Here is one from Jason.
Chronic Jason congrats on the improved numbers you had this morning.
During these current economic times, maybe more people are gathering around the free radio
like the old days.
Not much material today, but I do have a corny joke for you.
Oh, it is so bad.
Do you want to hear it?
Yeah, please.
Did you hear about the flashers was considering retiring?
Chains his mind.
He decided to stick it out a little longer.
All the best to you in my favorite spick, George Notpaco, Chester Copperpot.
Now who is Chester Copperpot?
What are the ballbusters?
But thanks, Chester.
No, no, I don't mean him.
I mean, who is the character?
Oh, I don't know.
I'll look it up.
Rings it up.
Yeah, look it up.
It's important.
Oh, I'm having such a nice time.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Please.
Thank you for calling the Dow Jones Index Hotline.
Your source for up to the second Wall Street updates at the tone, the Dow Jones will be
7000.
That number has changed.
The Dow Jones Index is now 69.
Update, the Dow Jones is now 6800.
The price is now, oh, this can't be.
The Dow Jones is now at 67.
Oh, no, they can't.
What?
No, it can't be.
It hasn't been this low since.
That's just been handed a note.
I'm now completely bankrupt.
Shut up.
118 at 560 WQM.
The Dow is up to 177.
177.
How many certificates have we got?
I have 63.
Last time I checked.
Oh, I could look, but I'm afraid.
Just the copper pot is the guy from Goonies.
I never saw Goonies.
He checked the copper pot is the penguin.
Okay.
So somebody said the guy from Goonies, well, that too.
Here is one from Karen.
Sorry, Neil, but I said, tell you, women get really hairy when we're young, but
B-U-T-T.
As we get older, we begin to loose our hair in various places.
Really?
I would imagine each person has a different gene determining hair loss according to their
race, sincerely, Karen and her 80-70-year-old hairless mother, and no, she is not a Chihuahua.
By the way, don't go to Mexico.
Okay.
So you see the way that people are getting slaughtered there butchered like?
Yeah.
And all these stupid college kids going to Cancun, you know, for spring break?
Give me a break.
What's up with that?
Read a newspaper.
Look at a newscast.
Find out what's going on in the world before you take off or your good time.
It could be your last good time.
Right.
They're butchering everybody in Mexico.
It's not a third world country.
It's like a tenth world country.
Here's one that says, hello, Neil.
Hope you're doing good.
Just wanted to say I've been listening to you for over a bunch of years.
It's chopped off.
I wish I knew how many.
I could go back and look at it again and I can tell how many.
But does it make any difference?
No.
I like to listen to you, show, but only when you're working.
Nothing against George.
He's okay.
But he hasn't put enough time in life as yet to have the attitude he has.
What does that mean?
Well, I guess I'm not old enough to have this attitude.
Anyway, enough about George.
He's an okay guy, says somebody.
I like that you say it like it is.
For sure, you say a lot of things I want to say, but at times I'm afraid to say it.
A lot of people think you're bad, but that's because deep inside they know what you say is true.
Keep up the great work.
Says somebody.
Thank you, somebody, wherever you are.
Oh, and here's a stellar, great email made my day, my week, my month, my life.
Remember one of the original list of John ZTR.
Fakes was Mahatma Gandhi.
Yes.
Well, this one is from Mahatma Gandhi subject to fond farewell.
This is John ZTR and he'll I won't write it anymore, not even using fake accounts.
My reign is the fake email King has come to an end.
Quite frankly, it's boring and so is the new email format for your show.
Oh, whoever you think I am, you are wrong.
I doubt I'm the only person in Florida who hates the...
Crowds.
Tell George not to worry if I have any good movies.
I'll send them his way.
Anyway, take care, Neil.
PS, don't be surprised to finish megal stuff's emailing your show.
See I chase everybody away sooner or later the great John ZTR I chased him away.
I doubt it.
Fat chance.
Fat chance.
Right.
Do you believe he's going away?
No.
So I guess we'll know if we keep getting any more emails from the fake time, jick and
the fake of this one and that one.
Oswald copper, cobbled, cobbled pauses the penguin guy.
Says Karne.
Oswald, cobbled pots?
Oh my god.
Some of you folks mean well, but the crap that you write is just...
Generally, you get the absolute worst service at blank.
That's our poll.
Walmart 35.
The DMV Department of Motor Vehicles 30.
The post-orifice right on their heels 25.
And those are both late editions.
Kmart 23 is Kmart still open anywhere?
Oh yeah, all over.
Come on.
Okay.
There's still is a Kmart somewhere?
Sure.
Everywhere.
Not on university drive and sunrise.
That one's been long gone.
Okay.
I don't know what's going on.
There's some crap there.
Not close.
He buys his clothes at Kmart.
He's a slob.
It wouldn't be something.
Adventure megal disappeared.
How the hell can we go on?
I don't know.
Then at least we could eat on the ear and peace without all these lecturers.
Oh, you're disgusting.
I went to etiquette school.
First of all, what kind of person goes to etiquette school anyway?
What kind of an idiot, especially a guy?
Yeah, is that a manly thing to go to etiquette school?
It sounds a little bit gay to me.
I went to root in the school.
What?
I went to root in this school.
Kmart 23 Home Depot 19, Best Buy 14, KFC 10, Denny's 9, McDonald's 9,
Burger King 8, Taco Bell 6, Lowe's 5, Radio Shack 4,
Stake and Shake 4, IHOP 3, Target 3, and Wendy's None.
Oh, maybe they've improved.
And of course, worst service doesn't necessarily just mean slow.
When you're talking about a fast food joint and the drive through means,
are they actually going to give you anything that you order?
Are you going to get a bag full of stuff that you don't even recognize?
A bag full of that.
Random crap.
Right.
Nothing like ordering a double cheeseburger with onions and ketchup,
driving out, opening up the bag, and you've got a fish sandwich with mayonnaise and something.
Lettuce.
And by the way, mayonnaise is for goyem.
Yeah, what's your point?
They're always pushing mayonnaise, mayonnaise.
No, they have bacon.
They have bacon-aise now.
Mayonnaise.
Do they really?
Oh, yeah, I can't wait to get something.
That sounds good.
Do they really have that or just made the whole they do?
I don't want to get it.
M mayonnaise with bacon bits in it.
I presume that's what it is.
Like I said, the Jews like that.
Oh, rooster chuchu.
If I hear you eating on here one more time, I'll go up there to your gay Canadian love nest and kick your GD teeth in.
Rooster chuchu.
Wow.
Oh.
Phil Arck, were they long, well, not that long, but long enough to take up a couple of minutes.
Let's go.
Thank you, Phil.
This is one of those guys.
He's either like you were saying before.
One day he loves the next day he hates.
He can't make up his mind.
He's all over the place.
Scott says, Chester Cobblepot was the penguin.
Cobblepot.
Yes.
That's not what that thing is.
Chester Cobblepot is the guy from the goonies.
From the goons?
Needs.
Goonies?
Yep.
I wonder if goonies make a duty.
Probably.
Kakka.
Well, I saw a movie last night and I can't think of any of it on one of the on the screen TV.
One of those teen slasher movies.
Boy, there was some real interesting people in that.
Wow.
You know what I mean by real interesting?
Yeah, I do.
Not.
Not even just hot, smoldering.
By the way, baconase.com, if you want to read all of that.
I don't eat mayonnaise.
I don't like mayonnaise.
Yeah, but what if we put some bacon in it?
I don't care what you put in it.
Okay, you can put some duty in it.
I'm not eating no mayonnaise.
Oh, there's the shamwag.
Check this fun.
The regular towel doesn't work wet.
This works wet or dry.
This is for the house.
The house.
The boat.
The RV.
The shamwag holds 12 times its weight in liquid.
Look at this.
It just does the work.
Why do you want to work twice as hard?
It doesn't trip.
It doesn't make a mess.
You bring it out.
You wash it in the washing machine.
Made in Germany.
You know the Germans always make good stuff.
Yeah, they share and know how to make a good gas.
I'll take that.
And when you go and you take the train into Cologne, Germany.
And you go over the river.
I forget what the name of the river is.
And you pass right by the bear factory.
And that's where they made all that poison gas during WW2.
Really made my ass burn.
Let me tell you that.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Those hot football pubes in Miami are smart.
They changed the name too.
Alien heart.
Exploration is out.
Down to a fine heart.
That's where the fuck's hard.
Get your pants out and laugh the road way.
Until you see the human game.
And giant water right where you grab a droopy raft.
And I take your flocking up to a democracy.
Down.
Back south to the view.
Down.
Underwater to drown and back around.
To work the rough little town.
The answer big is park you river sea.
Down to the nature all the toilets are clean.
The tide is out of wrap.
Like a big shot media star.
And then a park you're a car.
It's all about how important you feel.
When the rest of the country takes its own baby.
For it causes your tongue.
Start down to alien heart.
Hey, it's gonna be a glitch.
There's a giant deer from the road coach band.
And rockin' music by La Fanda.
Politicians transdans.
Eighteen thirds advance.
Under a coffee cloud.
I place the rodents when the crowd late plays.
Back to it made by having what it is today.
That's far me coilets at 10.
They now call alien heart.
Oh, alien alien heart.
Oh, alien alien heart.
This has got a long fade.
Well, good talk of it.
Kind of like always look on a bright side.
Give us the swath of what it has.
I love it.
Do you love it?
Cha, cha, cha.
132.560.
Nobody can hear me.
I like that guy.
Who?
That guy.
I like that guy.
I like that guy.
That's like a jubin.
Tony says that show needs the one on David Road Extension.
It is currently close for renovation.
Hopefully they had plenty of lights when it finished real dark.
Now, I don't know if Tony's talking about the interior or the client tell.
I'm not really sure.
I'm probably better out.
I don't know.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
Don't ask.
Don't tell.
And he won't tell.
David says, well, it's the good thing these things trickle in here.
Just enough to keep us going until two o'clock.
So you don't understand the way this is working out has been not perfect but pretty damn close to it.
And you and your negative hostile.
Oh, I think you're John ZTR.
You're finally.
You're finally.
You're always the email format sucks is because we don't have enough real people like David in the way anywhere.
And we have too many fakers.
Amen.
Well, don't don't blame me for that.
I don't.
In the beginning, we had like we had emailers up the S.
Right.
Splattering.
That's right.
It was like, oh my god.
All these people I want to say something that yada yada yada like that.
Oh, Piusz, the analyst pushing for gives me some came art information.
And he sends me a picture of some guy who's supposedly hot.
I don't know who this is.
Who looks really marginal.
Oh, it's Ryan Philippi.
Boy, you sure don't look good in that picture.
Ryan Philippi.
And so worst picture ever seen him.
And boy, it's hard to make him look bad.
Even George would agree with that.
I'm not going to just.
Mister poopy pants and fees frustrate flyers.
Mister poopy pants.
Well, maybe I'll get to that.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
And I still don't have any entries for tomorrow.
I got an email for Gulfstream that.
Is it Ron Nickeletti?
Yeah.
We're supposed to send you this week's and he is on it.
He sent me last week's again.
Yeah, I'm okay with anybody be that much of a bozo.
I told Steve that.
And what did he say?
Should have sent this week's.
Oi, they I will follow.
He didn't do it.
Didn't do it, Steve.
God.
Let me check that thing.
Oh.
Let's go to WQM.com.
Shall we click on the EO deal under a Near Roger show?
57 last time I checked.
77 56 them 56 Q 56.
How do you like that?
Q 56.
That's us.
Well, we'll get there.
It's going to take a couple of days.
We'll get the gittermal sold.
The $225 things is kind of like, I don't know.
It is what it is.
You know, there it is and good luck to you.
Is that the best way to look at it?
Yes.
It is what it is.
We do the best we can.
A few slow animals pussyfooter informs us.
I'll get back to David in a minute.
Kmart Corp went into chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2002.
They closed over a third of their stores and many areas
where they had multiple stores.
They left one or two of the best performing stores open.
Close the rest.
One location bar there means open is Pembroke Pines east of
Hyetus Road.
The owner of Kmart later required Sir's Robuck and the
combined company is called Sir's Holdings, which explains why
Kenmore appliances and craftsmen tools cannot be found at Kmart.
In closing, completely unrelated to Kmart but important
nonetheless, here's a gratuitous photo of Ryan Philippi on a
movie set in South Africa.
It says, my, my, he's aging well.
Not in that picture he's not.
Peepee.
Oh, here's the picture.
Boy, print it out the whole picture.
He don't look good there.
He looks bad.
It doesn't even look anything like him.
Probably an imposter like you.
Maybe it's John's ETR from Who Knows.
He's everywhere.
Although I have noticed that since all this chub I went on today
haven't we only had one from the fake Larry King.
I didn't have one from the real Adam Kirschner with a picture
of him in his dog.
Yeah.
But it said something really stupid and I, I deleted it.
Okay.
Anybody can go on somebody's like my space or Facebook and grab
somebody's picture and then send you something pretend to be
them.
That's right.
And by the way, we don't have a Facebook page associated with
this show and we don't have a Twitter.
No, no, Adam's really in the dress if there's ever any doubt.
Okay.
The real Adam Kirschner.
He was still working for the Sun Central.
But I sure hope they don't got a business just for his sake.
A newspaper that prints four pages every day can't be much of a
newspaper, but nevertheless it's not your time's cutting staff.
Chicago Tribune.
Everybody's going out of business radio stations TV stations,
newspapers, auto makers.
Everybody's going out of business and just it just happened like
overnight.
Everything was going along.
We're singing a song and then boom by the Bing.
Boom.
And you least expect that everybody was broke.
If they would just sell those Priuses for about a hundred bucks
a piece.
Wow.
I'd buy two.
I have a lot of problems.
Yeah, then you could actually buy one for you.
I think Joe Bell ought to buy you a car out of his own pocket.
That's funny.
What do you mean?
That's funny.
I'm not joking.
I'm being serial.
I think he ought to dig deep into his fat wallet and you know,
he's probably making a few bucks.
Lord asked like him, you know, the management types are the last ones to take the cuts.
You see this with these CEOs in their golden parachutes and all the crap.
In fact, let's take Joe up about 37,000 feet and give him a golden parachute and tell him to jump.
Then that's how I can plan.
Okay.
Oh, I like it.
David says I live in Northern Virginia.
In this area there are plenty of older buildings that have to be switched from heat to coolness
to springtime.
You went up sweating to death in the late spring until the maintenance crew comes around to make the swish.
In the late fall, you end up freezing your ass off till they come around to make switch to heat.
I finally got fed up with this and moved to a newer building that didn't have that problem.
Maybe you live in an older building?
I think this building is like, I don't know, 10 or 12 years old, not that old.
All in all, I would not trade this area for South Florida.
I lived there for 20 years until I moved out five years ago.
I like seeing the seasons change and people are much friendlier.
I don't miss the old parts bashing me in the ankles with their shopping carts at publics
or the mummies who drive around to their motorized scooters.
In our old condo, an old lady had a stroke while driving one of those in a parking lot
and a scooter kept going until it smashed against the fence around the pool.
What a place.
Take care, David.
And God bless America.
God bless Canada.
Oh, Canada.
The leaves, they really suck.
They won a game last night.
They mean Philadelphia.
Right at the air Canada center.
Any interest?
Anybody care?
No.
Panthers got a shot.
They got the Rangers that are falling badly.
And of course Montreal, they're right at Montreal's ass.
Oh, there's Leafs TV.
My question is, what's going through your head in that little time period between the trade
and you actually getting picked?
I didn't have a great idea.
I thought, you know, there's obviously some still real good players left available to pick there
at the five spot.
And I know it got me around that.
That's it.
I was a little bit of an idea, but still wasn't 100% sure just because of...
Looks a little bit like Luke Shen, but it's not my boy Luke.
I'll tell you that.
Luke's a lot better looking than that.
You know Luke Shen number two, Maple Leafs?
No.
He's a pretty guy.
Oh, a turf way.
I'm actually this is Mike Bataglia.
For the lead, for the lead on the outside.
Oh, he's just, he's so bushly, he gets pathetic.
The worst.
Mike Bataglia.
But he used to bring his name up to Hanky.
He's a very nice man, which is a way of saying, hey, you're right, he sucks.
There's a lot of nice people.
It doesn't mean they can call a race.
And they're off.
Come on, let's go.
Maybe you could pick a winner here, turf way park.
Number five.
There's nine more.
There are a post.
There are the boughs.
That's him.
It's the horrible, just grotesque.
I got the five horse.
One of the way from the gate slowly was a four-daleed.
The silver breaking sharply on the inside.
Ribbit.
Ribbit.
Then from the outside, this is first formal etiquette from between horses.
Horse is next.
And up front.
Oh, he, you know something?
I just get physically ill.
I can't listen to that man.
He's just the worst.
Something I'm not going to find out if I would.
In life, there are, there are people who are the best of what they do.
And there are people who are the worst at what they do.
Oh, new.
Grab my junior, honey.
Hi, y'all.
It's me, Britney Spears, with an all new blog update.
And an effort to change my ways.
I've recently become more involved in charity work.
And even enlisted the help of my pastor.
He's here with me now.
He's my spiritual guide, y'all.
Yes, Miss Spears.
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
And right now, he's telling me that you're f***ing hanging up.
What?
That's so cool.
You speak to the Lord?
Awesome.
I'm excuse me, Britney.
The blind children of America charity
are working with one of their contest winners here for a meet and greet.
Well, send them in.
Okay, cool.
Hey, there.
Nice to meet you.
Wow, you're such a cute little blind person.
Whoa, whoa, is your f***ing house?
Oh, hold on.
Wow, how did you know?
Oh, I can tell.
Trust me.
Oh, well, well.
All right, I've got to get back to my path of self-discovery.
Until next time, TTY, y'all.
Yeah, back catch it.
You back?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, good.
Here's the good news and bad news.
Okay.
The good news is that Rhonda Caliddy facts me the email, me the stuff.
Okay.
You want to hear the bad news?
It's the last week's again.
No.
It's the right one.
Okay.
It's two and a half furlongs, made in a special way, seven two-year-olds that have never run a race before.
Okay.
In other words, one good lock handy capping that one.
Is that what you're saying?
That's exactly what I'm saying.
They've got the two-year-olds started now, Gulfstream.
And this is a race with all two-year-old maidens, well, maidens because they never ran a race before.
So, all you got to go by is the workouts.
Based on that, my initial, my first, and I'm not picking this, but I'm just saying, my first feeling is the seven Yoguru with Elvis Trujillo,
who's got one, two, two bullet works at Gulfstream.
And a whole bunch of workouts.
Oh, God.
Well, I'll just set that over there and do the best I can with it.
How do you handicraft a race where nobody has ever run before?
Just throw it dart.
Heath, remember we were trying to think about Heath before trying to think of what that name was?
Heath?
Heath?
The fake emailer.
Yeah, no. Heath Ledger?
The Joker?
The ballbuster?
You want me to read his email?
No.
Fatal attraction.
What about it?
That's what it says, the answer.
Just try to be a smart ass from the question we asked about three weeks ago.
Like, we should know, yeah.
Somebody else did that, so right away he jumps on the batter.
Even the, uh, chronics can't, they can't do the original chronics stuff.
They have to rip it off, and they're like Paul and Ron.
By the way, congratulations to Paul and Ron for a big book.
Just kicking Bubba to love Spongebob's ass.
He went up a little bit before they were, they just, they just kicked big smelly butt.
Paul and Ron.
And boy, when you, when you can get those kind of numbers with the kind of crap they put on here,
you really have accomplished something.
Oh, a morning train says, I have an email you're showing a long time.
I promised you I wouldn't do so ever again and never listen to your show.
However, I just heard you mentioned an email from Rooster 2 2.
I assure you with someone impersonating the real Rooster 2 2,
I will now go back and exile from your show, Neil.
George knows that I'm being truthful.
And look at my handle for this email, just ask him.
Morning train.
I don't know what that means.
And it's just double talk.
I can't see his hand.
I will never listen to you again, but I just heard you mentioned an email.
This is exactly the same as the other stuff from your buddy.
John ZTR.
Makes no sense.
Double talk.
But you know what, kill some good time.
I like him.
See, contrary to you.
I like anything that I can actually use on a year and kill a couple of minutes.
That was up to 149 points.
I got my shirt on, my pantaloonies, my shoes.
Jess?
Brandon says, show me this is indeed closed for renovations because they cut fire back around Christmas time.
Maybe they'll be open next time.
Here's so you can get some of that strawberry fire you're raved about.
I'm telling you, man, it is the best.
Now, of course, that was a long time ago.
That was back in my Detroit days back in the early 70s, late 60s.
Because it's a Detroit chain, big boy.
There was Elias Brothers, big boy and Shonees, big boy.
And then, hey, big boy.
Randy says earlier, you and George were talking about Godfather's Pizza.
George was talking about the one there on 441.
Yes.
I remember that store and eight there several times, but I can't remember from my life.
Where was it?
What cross tree was it?
What's there now when you please ask George?
What's the story, George?
South of 1.09, I think it turned into a tarx.
Clams.
And I don't know what it is at the moment.
Tarx, clamshark.
A shack.
Yeah.
South of 1.99, north of 1.91.
So somewhere in there.
Oh, Ricardo, aka the fake gym defeated.
When you hear this, you're going to just puke.
If this is true, I don't know.
Maybe he's just an Ojian provacateur trying to stir it up as Joe Rose would say.
Oh, people say I like to stir it up.
Stir it up.
Stir it up my ass.
I'm sorry.
Thomas's tells George the percentage of people who would call a radio show more certainly
would be less than people who would email the show.
I for one would never call the show, but obviously email one.
I think I'm not the only one.
Maybe this needs to be determined in some type of poll.
By the way, I started listening to you during the Wami days.
I hated you, but that quickly changed for some unknown reason.
And now, I must listen to any chance I get thanks for all the laughs.
The real time in Miami.
How do you like that?
Thomas hated me like poison.
Wow.
Now it's like, you know, not so much.
You don't hate so much.
Oh, mom, a me.
Ricardo Santana, aka the fake gym defeated.
Says at 790, all the hosts are staying.
They feel sorry for Danny Stahlworth.
Kind of like Hank's stating Cecil Collins just wanted to take a peek.
Yeah.
Every time he joked us some aberrant, grotesque, unacceptable thing.
It's like, oh, well, you know, two minutes that Cecil's lament is so short.
I broke in through her bedroom window.
Yeah.
Otherwise it would be good, you know, to go out with.
But I don't want to go out with him.
You go out with him.
Not me.
Cecil Collins, Cecil Adizel.
Do you want to think about the dolphin organization, man?
They always, they're always capable.
They must have like one of those, you know, when you go to the beach and you're
searching for treasure, one of those wands, you know, what are they call those?
Metal detector.
Yeah, like a metal detector wand.
Remember Wando?
I remember Horn.
Great Canadian horse Wando.
Won't be long before Woodbind opens this weekend and then you can hear Dan Loiselle.
There are.
You love Dan Loiselle.
Yeah, I don't know why.
It's because he's your favorite.
Funny.
I can't think of any money.
It's funny.
Every race starts exactly the same way.
There are, kind of like almost indifferent, like he's telling you, I don't have a bet on this race.
Hey, Neil, getting ready for Iron Maiden tonight at Bank Atlantic.
Finally, a cell out of this arena, plenty of gold, green and lots of TNA.
Come on, George.
Let's metal out long live Eddie.
Says somebody.
And you say, I'll pass up.
Thanks, but El Paso.
Yeah, I was never that big into Iron Maiden.
Not wrong with them, but just though, you know.
Let's do a whole show tomorrow on the, what's your call?
Altra.
All right.
Let's hit all those naked young people in the studio.
Oh, it's Dave.
Wow.
By Ernie Town.
That's absolutely.
At five, six, oh.
WQ, A, N.
All right.
La La La La.
La La La La La La La La.
K
Where you can play in the mud
We'll pack your beans and add a lot of us
Just go away, we're all fed up
A-li-yongin' dollars
Why don't you go home?
A-li-yongin' dollars
Go home and leave us all alone
If you're lazy, I don't want to go back
I like shopping for free toys better
A-li-yongin' dollars
A-li-yongin' dollars
A-li-yongin' dollars
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt
And you're making us ears
You've had your fun, now start packing
So they can get you out of here
It's at the point where we can't stand it
Everybody's high enough
We're all the hooligans and crackers
Yes
Who put the dust in Florida?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, young comes down less
Why don't you go home?
A-li-yongin' dollars
Go home and leave us all alone
If you're lazy, look, they're giving away free SNH green cards
Can I have one?
Bye-bye-bye
