Hey, it's 10 o'clock, Neil Rogers coming up next.
The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the ho-hat guests and collars.
And you not reflect those of the busy broadcast group.
It's staffed advertisers, brave, and the listeners come forward to sport games.
You're 5'6-0-1, you QAO, Miami, 4-11-0.
Am I right?
You are correct.
5'60-WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Detrock to Neil, dial 5'6-7-0, 5'60-in-date, and broard.
In other counties, call toll-free, 877-785, Neil, or pound 5'60 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his collars, do not represent those of WQAM management, staff, or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 5'60-WQAM.
Neil, you...
Yeah!
First you get down on your knees, fill with your rosaries,
bow your head with great respect and change your flex, change your flex, change your flex.
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the ponte,
if everybody say his own career, his own doing the fine again right.
Yeah!
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional,
they're the guy who's got religion, I'll tell you, if your sins are original,
if it is, try playing it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer,
two or six, eight, o'clock, climb to Transubstantia,
so get down upon your knees, fill with your rosaries,
bow your head with great respect and change your flex, change your flex, change your flex.
Take a cross on your abdomen, when in Rome, do like a Roman of Amaria.
She's good to see you.
Get an exciting and a smarter dramatic and a doing a battle and a ride.
We're happy, we're happy, we're happy, Peishoff, all of us, other Kakarai men.
So thanks to Flea and Zach and even the Josh Cordis spilled in yesterday.
That's shocking, because I haven't set those checks out to him in fact Chris,
I'll get around to it this weekend I guess.
Or maybe not, you know, times are tough, you do know that.
Oh yeah.
Had a little bit of some issues here yesterday was not in a mental state.
You know, my ears are still plugged up from all the stress and grief, you know?
Even though everything is fine here now, my ears are plugged up,
but still like from that cold I had last week.
And maybe I know why they're plugged up, maybe it's a, it happens automatically when I hear
Iroh Windbag on here, you know, he sounds like now who?
I'll give you an audio clue, okay?
I'm a fat Jew.
He sounds like Al Goldstein.
Wow.
Yeah, Iroh Windbag, kind of like a feminine Al Goldstein is what Iroh Windbag sounds like.
So it's not bad enough, he's destroyed Mad Dog show.
Now we got him on the morning with Joe.
Oh my God, he's everywhere.
He is like, and I don't want to hear nothing about Michigan's stay getting trombed last night,
because I don't pay any attention to what I don't really care.
Even if they would have won by 100 points, I just don't care.
I'm not going to pretend to care.
I don't follow basketball no more.
Oh, that's bad, Neil.
That's all we talk about now is basketball.
And of course that crap.
I don't care.
Not interested.
Used to be a great sport.
Now it's just crap.
Wait till you hear this email.
And flea tells me that see, one thing about the radio listeners of every station from coast to coast now, they're all paranoid.
Because if somebody is out sick or is missing for five minutes, oh gee, they must have blown somebody out.
You know, I f*** whoever it is, fill in the blank.
Because of what's going on with all the radio stations now.
When it doubt, blow them out.
Before I get to this great email though.
So flea tells me that another good reason for me not to be there is the fact that the.
The T-room has had some problems this morning.
Oh, it's nasty.
Backed up, overflowed and feces are out in the hall now.
Floating as we speak.
What a schmitty place.
It's all I can tell you.
And so flea had to run down to Joe Bell's private toilet, which used to be Greg Reed's private toilet.
And he said there's some blowback in there too, I guess.
A little bit.
A little bit of blowback.
Yep.
Oh, gross.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Anyway, here's an email from Gregory Watts, subject unhappy Monday.
Oh, some of you people manage it.
And then you tell me that clearance was getting emails yesterday.
Oh, where's Neil?
Did you guys fire him?
Yeah.
Right?
Yep.
Hi, Neil.
What a schmitty Monday I had says, Gregory.
After many years of watching BBC News America every morning on BBC, I was so depressed when
Bargain Hunt greeted me instead.
Then at 10, I tuned my radio to Uncle Neil, whom I listened to since 1986, instead with
some sports holes that sound like they should have been on WKPX.
So I guess they paid you off finally or whatever.
Yeah, they paid me off.
Hold your breath, Gregory.
I live in LaRida near Sebring.
Heading heard any Miami news on WQM changes.
I hope to hear you on another station soon.
I'll keep checking your site daily for news.
It's been fun, Greg.
Oh, God, get a life, Greg.
Get a life.
I have no life.
Obviously.
But what is wrong with these people?
I don't know.
I think what I'm going to do is maybe Greg won't tune into about 10, 15.
Here's flee again.
And I barely talk sports yesterday.
What did you talk about?
What did you guys do for four hours to kill four hours?
I talked about dumb guy stuff and a little bit of sports.
Talk about opening day.
Talk to them about the panther DM because they want to sound dead.
Opening day that they didn't sell out, even with that news stadium coming?
No, they didn't sell out.
But a decent crowd though.
A decent crowd.
That'll be it though.
That'll be it for the year.
Oh my God.
Yeah, 34,000.
I checked it out.
Yeah.
Blue J sold out on a horrible day here.
But of course they got the dome.
You know, at the Rogers Center.
They got that dome.
And they won, too.
12 to 5 in the Marlins.
The Marlins won.
I know they said Joe is all whipped about the Marlins again.
Can't say it, but he's all whipped up about it.
The Marlins.
Nobody cares.
You know, again, trying to force feed crap to people that don't care.
It's like in a hallway there trying to force feed crap.
That's our middle name, boys and girls at WQM.
We're going to change the call.
I just said WKRP.
Right.
I guess they've done that already.
Here's the pull result from, I don't know from when.
I'm so backed up.
Kind of like our toilets.
Yeah.
What's the most obnoxious thing some pet owners do for their pets?
854 votes on this one.
Counseling by a pet shrink, that's what I voted for.
322.
I mean, those people need to get themselves a shrink.
Yeah, just give me the money.
Hold pet weddings, 221.
I never heard of that one.
Pet weddings?
No, I'd never have either.
But 221 people evidently did because they voted for it.
Dress them in sweaters, 130.
Oh, little tiny, put a little sweater, a little tiny.
Put them up in swanky pet hotel, 60.
Feed them exquisite food, 49.
Give them cutesy or stupid names, 40.
Give them funerals, 32.
Tiny and windy never got a funeral, not a shame.
They're both still dead, by the way, my dogs.
Oh, a shame.
Dogs should live forever.
People should die, I don't know.
About 66.
Oh, brother.
Here's our award-winning schedule for a Tuesday.
We got the big O2 to 4.
How long is that going to continue, by the way?
Not sure.
But you're the inside guy, your Joe Bell's good buddy.
Yeah, I'm not completely inside, though.
When's the big O saying bye-bye?
We got mad dog at Augusta 4 to 7 with that golf crap.
Oh, I'm the master's, he loves the masters.
That should really help that 1-1.
Then Dolphin the Night 708 and 8-11-DA.
When's he getting blown out?
I don't know.
He's a good guy, though.
I hear he's a good guy, that wasn't a question, though.
Oh.
When's that misery going to come to an end?
And when we getting our new stick?
They're working on it from what I hear.
Well, look at all these emails, what the hell's going on here?
Very jackass.
Clarence Dero and Joseph Gackie were on with Manda Chester.
That's true.
Doing what?
They were doing the college portion of the broadcast
from a place we were doing a viewing party for.
So Jim went throw it to Joe and Clarence,
and they would talk a little bit about the NCAA championship game.
Oh, my God.
They're just out to totally destroy.
They're going to get him in the zeros pretty soon.
He's close to it.
That was down 173.
Maybe the Dow can go in the zeros.
Oh, and Steve White was on the ticket again this morning.
Yes.
So we still don't know who's going to be doing mornings.
Well, you know, the rumor was Sedano,
but now I hear he's holding out for more money.
So he's basically negotiating himself out of a job.
I see.
Well, what he has understand is this business.
There ain't no more money.
Nope.
Brandon says your mic volume during the open was very low.
Yesterday, those first 15 minutes were very interesting.
Hearing flea say you were sounded down,
and then going into a sports rant.
That's when I stopped.
What?
Hearing flea say you were sounded down.
Which I never said.
I didn't say that.
I don't know.
I said that you had to go.
I mean, I was sounded down.
I don't know.
And then I guess he shut it off.
Huh?
Well, so at least he can't give you a critique on your performance yesterday.
Yeah, we've got Ben still around the pool twice today.
Oh, and then it says, why not take a couple of calls?
No.
Did you take any calls yesterday?
No, because we couldn't figure out how to get the phones to work.
Good.
I'm not taking any of the either.
Why not take a couple of calls?
No, but we do need to get one of the Ben stillers off today's pool.
Sorry about that.
And that's not our fault.
That's whoever made the pool.
I think Charlie B.
Or, I don't know, somebody.
Yeah, and I added Kiana Reeves to the pool.
Oh, my God.
Not that girl.
She's from Toronto, by the way.
She was born in Toronto.
Really?
Hey, tell whoever does the pool to remove one of two Ben stillers is Rowley.
Okay, we're on it.
Just relax.
Hey, do this.
Do that.
Tell this one.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
Smart ass.
Brandences.
I wonder with all the toilets in the condition there.
What would George do?
That's what I was asking.
He makes 30 trips during the show.
Maybe the crap George is saying he's always...
Maybe that crap is George is saying he's always making a drop.
Good thing he's on vacation.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
And here's an old picture from WGBS from 100 years ago.
And I don't know who any of these people are.
Oh, Charlie, campus is on there.
A young Charlie campus.
Look at that.
Rest in peace.
You remember Charlie campus?
He wouldn't.
No.
He was our program director in the wheelchair at WNWS.
I'm trying to think what Charlie had.
I don't know what he had.
I remember toward the end there.
He called me up at home and says,
any idea where I can get a liver?
And it's a true story.
He called to ask me if I knew where he could get a liver.
I just, you know, I don't know what to say.
I said, no, I don't think so, Charlie.
He was okay.
He was a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
Those of the days, WNWS, do you remember WS News or not?
Won't you around those days?
No, I don't think I remember it.
Oh, boy.
That was $7.90.
Forget about this crap they got on there now.
So Steve White was on again this morning.
They got no morning show across the street.
And George Sedano, like you said,
is negotiating himself out of a job.
What a schmuck.
Yep.
What a moron.
I wouldn't be surprised to hear him doing two to four on this station real soon.
Oh, me!
Roger's got.
Oh!
Roger's got.
Oh, right.
Down the post depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Six you saved his life with your flight, sister-in-law.
He's got a job for you to do.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Now the post depends on you.
Roger's got.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the big B on your chest and all the truce you take just.
If any known to our old friend.
Roger's got.
Roger's got.
Thanks to that nice straight to hell.
When a building starts too low.
We don't even understand we know.
You're a crushing girl and we're supposed to fight it all.
Oh, don't play all those bad religious songs in honor of Easter and Paisach like that.
What's the Virgin Mary got to do with Paisach anyway?
She's strictly for goyem.
1018 at 560 WQAM.
Here's today's poll.
Which of these talentless overrated actors makes you most ill to look at?
You can violently, just when you see them.
277 vote.
Well, well, Pharaoh, 53.
Adam Sandler, 44.
Oh, Adam Sandler.
Mm-hmm.
My remote move so fast it's on autopilot when he comes on the screen.
It changes automatically.
You like Adam Sandler?
Back in the day when he used to be funny.
When was that?
About 20 years ago.
Martin Lawrence 36.
Ben Stiller is God.
Absolutely.
God.
30 man.
Jim Carrey 29.
Kevin Costard 24.
Will Smith 21.
That's who I voted for.
He makes me physically ill.
I don't know what it is.
Eddie Murphy 11.
Kiano Reeves 10.
That was your choice.
I guess it's a late edition.
He's zoomed up the Cheezer from Toronto, Kiano Reeves.
George Clooney 8, Robert Downey Jr. 7, and Tom Hanks has got three.
That's today's poll on NeilRodgers.com.
I'm here.
I don't sound so good today, do I?
You said okay.
Not 100% though.
No.
No.
I'm not.
It's either I'd be combination.
I still got a little of that cold from last week at an SD.
Cold or the stress from the weekend and yesterday.
Oh my God.
Mexicans and booze hand in hand.
Man, it just I know what that's all about.
You know how some people drink water?
That's how Mexicans drink booze.
Not all of them just most.
Oh, Barry Jackass says now that WIZ has flipped to sports,
Ken Charles has evil David Letterman doing on air teasers,
taking shots at WQM in the ticket.
Wow.
How creative Ken Charles.
Evil Dave Letterman.
Yeah, what year is it?
God.
Oh, sounding down is what I meant since Brandon said.
Yeah, I do sound down.
I am down while I'm doing better.
I finally heard from Norma Cantas because I sent him an email.
I got to to applies because I changed my will twice in the last two days.
Change it and then change it back.
You know how those things go, don't you?
Kind of.
I got to play Neal's will.
Sounded down.
What does that mean?
What does that mean, Brandon?
Is that a shot?
I'm doing the best I can under the difficult circumstances.
Now let's see, what's the, which of these emails you believe?
Paul says regarding yesterday's show.
I was disappointed not to hear you yesterday,
but the guys who were placed who were pretty damn entertaining.
Go ahead, says Paul.
Go ahead.
And then we got these two.
Go ahead.
It says, hey Neal, what was that crap on QA yesterday?
Mutton Jeff on crack?
Yeah, that's what it was.
Mutton Jeff on crack.
The crap is in the hallway, by the way.
Frankie says that thing they called a video show was horrible yesterday.
See, this is what these idiots don't understand.
Is that you guys filled the breach when I definitely, I couldn't have done the show.
I could not have done that show.
I was here.
I mean, you know, I was here in the chair, but I couldn't, it couldn't work.
They can take shots at me.
I'm not gonna crack.
Yeah, and you and the other guys filled the breach and killed the four hours and did whatever
you needed to do to put a show on.
And these people, oh, that was horrible.
I don't think WVM would have played that.
It says that wouldn't have played it.
Wow.
Next time you're out just telling to take off the signal so we can hear the Cuban radio station.
I'm so glad you're back, says Frank.
That's for you, Frank.
God.
And then of course, your program director, their clearance, he came in before you did.
And I'm trying to tell him that, you know, I just was ill and down and needed, needed mental
help yesterday and he didn't care.
There's only when Flea showed up and finally came back in and I said, you know, I think I need you guys to do the show.
Okay.
Being the trooper that he is, you ought to be the PD, not that stinking clearance, not that idiot who was screwing up
managed to show again.
Yes, there.
I can't believe that.
Him and Zagaki.
Oh, my God.
And if you think all of this is depressing, wait till you hear this news from the fake Tom Jicke.
Steve Lapa is considering putting Bob Rubin on 640 WFTO.
You know who Bob Rubin is?
No.
That's because you haven't been around a hundred years.
He's a stagial.
He's got to be a hundred years old.
He's a stagial former Harold sports writer.
And Steve Lapa is considering putting him on 640 WFTO.
Doesn't make any difference because he can get a point like me for a hat or whoever else they got on.
This is the new age of radio stations that have shares.
Oh, zero.
Oh, and wait till at the PPM starts the end of whenever, end of next month.
No, it started.
What would it mean?
It started.
They're doing a diary and a PPM like simultaneously.
It started already.
Well, how does that work?
They give you two results.
Well, how's that going to affect the winter book?
No, it won't affect the winter book.
It won't.
So what do you mean it's already started?
The winter book is, what language are you speaking?
Well, the winter book, you know, is basically done, which comes out on the 30th, right?
30th, I believe.
Oh, this month, yes.
The meter actually started on Thursday the second, I believe.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
But they're doing diaries and meters together for the first couple of months.
Well, the people that have the diaries don't also have the meters of the different people?
Different people, correct.
I see.
And when are we going to get the results of that?
Or, don't we?
We get to our first result on May 21st.
And what does that result going to mean?
Is that a binding result or is that just a, um...
No, it's not a binding.
It's just, hey, here's your information.
And then, I think in July is when it's binding.
July?
Maybe, yeah.
Maybe get our first real, like the diary goes away.
The first real PPM thing will be in, like, June or July.
And what about the bonuses on, uh, they're going to be on a monthly basis now instead of every book?
I think it's time to renegotiate the contract a little bit.
That's going to be an addendum.
Yeah, because it comes out every month now.
It's not a quarterly book.
That's correct. That's right.
No, I'm not renegotiating anything.
It just is, uh, rating's bonuses.
Here you go.
Whether they like it or not.
Not that there's going to be any.
Although we do have a shot in the winner book.
We're doing okay.
In midday.
Men 25 54.
We got a six or seven-year going into the third, uh, the last part.
It's not too bad, huh?
Yeah, not at all.
Especially if anybody could hear the damn signal.
Can we hear me?
Hello?
You know, like that.
And at nighttime, poor DA, who is a good guy, but he out of sue them or something.
I don't want to plant any, you know, ill will, but they bring him in.
He follows an absolute.
Every time he comes out, he's following dead air.
Dolphins and I, and Bo Camper, is like indescribable.
And he's got no signal.
Nobody can hear it at night.
No.
When you put those two things together, it's basically adds up to a point.
Oh, what's the point?
Why not just have him sit at home and give him a paycheck?
You know, he could mumble a little about sports from the house.
He could call in from his blackberry like I did the show a couple of weeks ago.
Remember that show?
I do.
How long did that go on for about two hours or something?
It seemed like an eternity.
And then finally the green lights came back on the teller said, oh, we're back.
We're back.
Oh, my God.
That was more exciting than if they would have cleaned up.
Now, is somebody cleaning up the hallway or what?
Not that I've seen.
Not that you've seen.
No, it's still bad.
So as feces in the hall and nobody is attending to it?
Correct.
I might go run through it and slip and fall in her cell.
I could use the money.
Yes, slip and fall.
Do you know that there are people?
Well, I had a friend in Detroit who used to have this couple who were friends of his.
I didn't know them.
But that was there the way they made money.
They would do a slip and fall.
They'd go into a supermarket and they would like.
Yeah, they'd have like in their pocket.
They'd have like a wax paper thing with mayonnaise in it or something.
And while nobody was looking, one of them would smear it on the floor.
And then they'd come waltzing down the island.
Whoop!
Slip and fall lawsuit.
Kroger's, I think, was the, I'm not really sure what this food,
but it didn't make any difference.
Well, Kroger's in.
Yeah.
And they kept suing.
And of course, you know, the supermarket's zel, they'll settle right away because they don't want a big lengthy thing and have paid millions out.
And they would do a fake slip and fall.
Of course, I don't know how you do a fake, I mean, what happens if you do a real slip and fall and break your neck or something?
More money?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The Dow is down 151 points.
And there's that simple, then Rob Marciano on CNN talking about the earthquake in Italy.
It kind of stretches from West.
Yeah, stretch this, you idiot you.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On Howard David's a bitch.
There's a beauty.
There, oh, there the California proof.
So then you're getting open-played.
And your time's to pay it every day.
Give us a release.
And that's for sure.
And so for you, we got the cure.
Just eat some of us.
Eat us every day.
And then flush your clothes away.
Don't you know that they're wrinkled and they're pasting?
Met up useless for face to be.
X-Lax is nice, but it don't wake fast.
Just eat some wounds.
And then we'll blast.
On the body, yeah.
I'm the body if you eat us, you're a smiley head.
I'm the body, I'm the body.
California proof.
What a way to go.
1032 at 560 WQIM.
I think I'm making a little bit of a comeback.
Or maybe not.
I think tomorrow it's going to be flea and the bird.
Oh no.
Oh, and not being on yesterday didn't get a chance to belly.
He got about the starter at Gulf Stream on Friday.
I mean, you know, after the race is over,
a lot of times we have excuses.
And, oh, gee, if only this and if that,
the starter, a screw that race up, the second race.
The seven horse, which I picked, just barely gotten into the gate.
He had no chance to, you know, to settle.
And all of a sudden, they're there off.
And he came out of their sideways, took a right turn.
Cost him at least 510 lengths.
What a jogged.
And wouldn't you know that right after the show,
Phil Arck, the jackass, that ass clown,
sends me an email, oh, see, I told you the six,
Neil, I told you.
Yeah, blow it out your ass, you idiot.
Everybody's an expert when the race is over.
Brandences, I'll tell you one thing about the crap problem
in the hallway.
Let somebody call the health department.
It'll be an early day for all.
Ha, ha, ha.
What do you think?
I'm down with that.
Yeah.
Somebody called the health department, okay, there's crap in the hallway.
Is it still there?
Did you look?
I haven't gone out yet, but I heard it still there.
Oh my god.
That's exactly it.
Is it still there?
Yeah, it's actually still there.
Oh, no.
Wow.
W-Q-A-M, our middle name is.
Wow.
They might try to put it on the air later.
Yeah, maybe we can give a, the crap in the hallway, it's own show.
Oh, believe me, we got plenty of crap on the air.
Brandences, nowadays it's very difficult to try to do a slip and fall like your friends did.
They were my friends, they were my friends friends, especially when every island of the store now has security cameras.
Well, what a shame that is.
You know, with times as tough as they are right now and thinking maybe that's the way for some
interfacing people to start making a living.
Going to their nearby, whatever kind of store, and do a slip and fall.
Oh, I just broke my back.
Oh, yeah, I can't walk.
And then of course, you know, hunch around like you can't walk at all and then find some quack doctor to certify that you broke your thing.
Trying to swim from about five million.
I'll give you a couple hundred grand right there.
I'll tell you.
No time at all within a week.
You'll have a big check.
Kevin says, I don't understand why people complain about the guys yesterday.
They were okay.
Pretty good for a couple of guys that hardly get airtime.
If you don't like them, go masturbate, read a book, take a walk, get a life bunch of wet turds as Kevin.
You bunch of wet turds.
Now those are the ones in the hallway, Kevin.
How could nobody have cleaned that mess up?
Well, it is here.
Yeah.
So.
And you're trying to say there's nobody in charge?
I guess with that fall under engineering's job.
Engineering's job to deal with turds in the hallway?
I don't think so.
Oh, dealing with turds in the hallway.
That he clearance his job then.
Yeah.
Yeah, he knows his turds believe me every day when he's shaved, he looks in the mirror.
There's a turd.
What was he hucking me yesterday about the PPM?
Do I want any information about it?
No, I really don't.
If I need any information, I'll ask you.
How does it work?
They basically walk around with a little page run.
And it picks up the broadcast.
All the stations are encoded now, so it knows what it's listening to.
It knows.
Yep.
It knows what it's listening to.
Yep.
Then it downloads on a, there's like a little hub for it when you get home and you put it in and it downloads all the information and sends it right to arbitrage.
It works the lotion in the basket.
I'm sure that.
It does what?
Well, you put it on a hub when you get done at the end of the day and it downloads all the information from the little page or like thing and it sends it to arbitrage.
Every day.
Really?
So it's actually real.
How do we wire the PPMs like we used to get the diaries wired?
How do we do this?
Well, you hope you get someone in the panel because someone can actually stay in arbitrage panel member for up to two years with this new system.
Really?
Yeah, it's crazy.
Well, isn't that a bitch?
Probably somebody that works for a cheap channel.
They've only got like 85,000 employees in the market.
Well, an arbitrage dealing with lawsuits over this thing too.
They've had millions of dollars in lawsuits over this meter.
Really?
Yep.
Yeah, I have a thing here on my, where the hell is it?
From Barry Jackass.
You had Tanner concerned about PPM data.
Programmer still voicing concerns about PPM.
On the heels of the most well-attended arbitrage consultant flying in its history and extensive facts and presentations from arbitrage design to add to radio's knowledge base of the new ratings gathering of technology.
There are a number of programmers who still have some unanswered questions and whoever desired to share their questions at large.
In effort to help radio have a clear understanding of the PPM and its formulas.
It's a bunch of crap.
Yeah, the ethnic stations don't like it for sure.
They've been taking the biggest hit.
Because you don't vote for your favorite station anymore.
Which you're actually listening to.
Oh, in other words, not a popular contest based on what language you speak or what color your skin is.
Yep.
I see.
The only problem I have with it is the sample size is really small.
Really?
You like in this market?
I thought there's like 2000.
Right. 2000 in the market of what?
Three and a half million people?
Yeah.
That's less than a half million.
That's what speaking is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The show was not bad at all, says somebody.
You have a good group to fill in for you, Neil Goddard, says.
How do you like that?
Well, here they are.
Here's a flea and whoever else is around.
You know, there's a hallway.
Zach and Beast and Curtis and this one.
Random turd.
Yeah, let's get a turd in there.
Man turd.
They tried man cow on Steve Lapis station at that workout.
Isn't that amazing how everything they put on your just flops?
James Crystal Radio, a whole bunch of stations that nobody listens to and nobody even know exists.
Bob Rubin.
If they put Bob Rubin on here, I'm just going to like plots.
Which of these talentless, overrated actors makes you most ill just to look at is our pull question.
We got 317 votes.
That's not too bad.
Put that in your pipe, Sedona, when smoking.
So he wanted more money to do mornings that Jack asked.
That's what I'm hearing.
And so they don't have a morning show.
I think it's beautiful.
I mean, what was the emergency to blow out?
Which we're not putting on here.
Did you guys talk about that yesterday?
No.
Good.
I saw, I said at the game yesterday.
No.
Yeah.
Said the kid, what do you say?
I didn't talk to him.
We don't know each other.
You what?
We don't know each other, so we didn't talk.
He was talking to someone I knew though.
Who was that?
One of our promotion guys actually was talking with him and a guy from Big One of 6 was out there as well.
There was every radio station in the world was out of the opening day yesterday.
Still didn't sell it out.
No.
This is the, this is the team that you're going to get a new stadium for.
The taxpayers in Dade County are going to spend an arm in four legs and are going to be spending for years and years and years to build a new stadium that nobody cares about.
And a place where nobody wants to go in little Havana, mon.
Jeff says I could have done without the killing the animals with a baseball bat.
I did enjoy the booger talks as Jeff.
You had a, did booger talk?
Yeah, we did a little booger talk.
Maybe that's why we got turds in the hallway today because you guys were talking about ex-catory crap.
Yeah.
You talked about killing animals with a baseball bat?
It was a story about my first pet that died.
Yeah, my brother headed over the head with a bat to put it out of its misery.
What kind of a dog?
No, it was a cat.
Oh, good.
Oh, oh.
All of a sudden I'm making a big comeback.
Oh, God.
If you see a petri dish sitting out in the lab, there's a pretty good chance there.
Down, down, down, down, down, down.
I got me a tumor, it's as big as a whale, and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells.
Right now I'm light-headed, I feel kind of funny.
So hurry up and get that funding money.
I got stem cells on a super little cell bag.
I can't make a stem cell.
Stem cells, I need to be.
Stem cells, baby stem cells.
Stem cells, baby stem cells.
Oh, a stem cell.
Is it clever little cell bag?
We can hire this forever.
Stem cells, baby stem cells.
Stem cells, that's where it has.
Splicing and adhesion, hacking and awakened.
Saving in your freezer, you can be an old geezer.
My illness is tragic.
But stem cells are magic.
So everybody pass them around and around and around and around.
Stem cells, baby stem cells.
Stem cells, baby stem cells.
10.45, you know, a president Obama made non-scheduled stuff in Iraq.
He's there right now, meeting in Greton.
And I was just wondering, do you think there are any like, shfurchers in Iraq?
I don't know.
Is that something to think about?
I find it odd that he's in Iraq.
I'm not talking about being odd that he's there. He's the president.
But I'm just talking in general, you know.
Anyway, here's Black East.
I have a question for Flea.
I'm yesterday's show you were talking about a hot girl, you know, who is 40 and not married.
You kind of said her name real fast.
I don't want to mention her name.
But with a yes or no answer to this, who are living in Chicago and working the dental profession?
No.
Oh, if so, I think I may know who you're talking about.
This is Blacky.
I guess if not, he don't.
She does not live in Chicago?
No, Atlanta.
And she doesn't work in the dental profession. What is she?
Oh, no, she actually makes jewelry.
And that's it?
Oh.
Oh, H. Boy, juice is welcome back.
What do they do when you leave and not come back?
Have you considered making a clone of yourself?
I can't handle the rest of the talent there, this is oh, H. Boy.
But you know what? When I'm not here, turn it off.
Instead of sending me a bunch of kretchidikia emails.
Nuh, nuh.
I get so sick of this crap.
Then he says, Adam Sandler is an idiotic stooge who makes me cringe.
I agree with that.
I feel sorry for my eyes when they see him.
I do agree.
Oh, hey.
Nuh, nuh.
A bunch of crybabies, that's our Florida for you.
Crybabies.
Yes.
Don't we have that one bit called crybaby?
What's that call?
Oh yeah, but I can't play it because it's crybaby debags.
I'll play a little bit of it.
Crybaby debags.
I have a lot of the marlins.
The greatest baseball team.
But the West Coast ain't kept only post-a trying to steal a team.
They could have just the mariners on a frisco-chiance too.
So now they hate the marlins.
And we all say, screw you, as you're all crybaby.
Well, that's it.
It's much as we can play that with your can't play debags.
No.
Whoa, crybaby debags.
So we're saying they got the raise over there,
which used to be the devil raise, and they had that big year last year.
Yeah.
And then collapse like a folding tent.
Market West pumps is, I think, some of the unemployed ass clowns who sit around wanking to the sound of you and George's mouth sounds are pissed off at flee.
I thought they kicked ass and such short notice.
I do too, Mark, and I didn't hear any of it.
I'm just grateful as can be.
All these people critiquing.
Baaah!
That was down 119 points.
It was a lot worse before.
But now it's, well, it's hovering.
Ozeis is, Neil, what the hell are you talking about?
Everything about your station is a turd.
Who is that new guy? What happened to George?
George is on vacation this week.
I'll be on vacation next week.
Oh, right.
And much needed vacation, by the way.
Are you going anywhere?
Are you going anywhere?
No.
No.
I don't think so.
A staycation?
I just need to...
I saw a great picture from the Toronto game last night online.
There's a girl and she had a sign and it said, we love BJs.
Really?
The blue J-Mr.
You better get it.
Maybe she was thinking about Alex Rios.
Maybe.
Sure like Alex Rios a lot.
Now let's see, we got the big Panther game tonight and it's not on TV.
Wow.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Denise, I'm going to have to ask you to step away from the truck.
Okay, good.
Um, leaves in the devil tonight.
Any interest in that mean in this game?
No.
I'll have found the conclusion of this year's Stanley Cup finals.
The NHL will be setting up shop in Las Vegas to...
Now, who they playing tonight?
The Panthers and the Flyers?
Is that correct?
That is correct.
And then the Flyers, I think, played the last two games against the Rangers who play Montreal.
Yeah.
And for that.
The Panthers need the Rangers to lose because if they tie and points, they lose and wins.
They lose the tie-breaker.
Yeah.
What do you mean they need them to lose?
They need them to lose all three games?
They're tied and points right now, but the Rangers have the edge.
Right, so they need the Rangers to at least lose one of the last three games and the Panthers.
Would that be something if the Panthers beat out Rangers?
Rangers, all you obnoxious New Yorkers with the Rangers that were talking a big game in the beginning of the season.
And now they're real quiet, all the Ranger fans, because the Rangers are gagging and choking and puking.
And that's Sean Avery.
What a goon, what an idiot.
Don Cherry deservedly ripped him an ass at her tonight and what a jerk.
This goes and takes deep shots, hitting guys in the back of the head with a stick like Tim Thomas.
Hits him in the back of the head, gets a stupid penalty with less than five minutes to go.
And the Rangers might have losing to Boston one nothing.
Yeah, he's dirty.
He's a dirty piece of dirt.
He's a jerk.
Quote Don Cherry about Steve Avery.
Oh, but the Rangers is going to get him back.
Yeah, we know what nobody else wants him.
He fits in perfect with a losing organization.
They suck.
Fat boys says, welcome back Neil.
Hope you're feeling better.
Yes, I am.
I do.
I think he should add Vince diesel.
Vince, Vince diesel?
Vin.
I know it's Vin, but he's got Vince.
He writes, Vin, Vince diesel to your pull man.
And as he sucked.
And so does his fast and furious movie that came out on Friday.
The rumor is he's gay.
What?
The rumor is that he is gay.
So have you heard that?
No, I have not.
No, no, no, no.
I hear about Vin or Vince diesel.
Yeah, he's terrible.
Or diesel, bike.
I added Sylvester still down to the pole, though.
Oh, my God.
If you're going to put those kind of people on there, what about Arnold?
Ooh, yeah.
Yeah, Arnold.
Slides to loan.
I attribute to ignorance to stupidity.
A lot of dumb people out there, though, that's why stupidity sells.
A lot of people can relate to it.
Look at us.
Look who we work for.
Oh, sorry, it's your buddy.
Here's one from the fake Tom Jicke, blockbuster, maybe going out of business.
How about that?
Movie rental company blockbuster, Inc. said yesterday that the risk that it may not be
completely financial deals raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Dallas-based blockbuster, which is struggling amid the popularity of DVD by mail services like Netflix,
disclosed the warning and are filing with the SEC.
The company had already cautioned last month that its auditor was likely to raise doubts about its ability to stay in business.
Oh, boy.
A going concern qualification refers to an auditor's assessment of a company's ability to continue to operate for the foreseeable future.
Kind of like me.
I don't think I can operate for the foreseeable future with this gigantic pay cut.
Send a big bag of money, Joe.
Bad you, Louse.
See, there's a word that we don't hear much anymore, Louse.
It's kind of old-fashioned.
Yeah.
So I figured I'd bring it back.
It's good.
Last week, blockbuster said it's revolving in term loan agreement.
It was amended by Adi Adi Adi Adi.
It said it was so honorable.
This goes on forever.
But on Monday, the company said it's lend his obligation to fund the $250 million credit facility as subject to meeting certain conditions.
And there can be no assurances that these conditions will be met.
Blockbuster said it believes that it will be in a position to close the amendment credit facility by around May 11th,
though there can be no assurances regarding these matters.
Sherris fell $3.85.
And after I was trading, having closed earlier at $8.8.
Blockbuster, another one's going to bite the dust.
Yeah. Well, who goes and rents movies anymore?
Old, old-fashioned people.
Yeah, because you got the pay-per-view on the concast.
Larry says, flea sounds great. He's a lot better than George.
I listened to Bubba Lovespoon this morning.
He was ripping the board up and ass and had hogan on again begging for a job.
Oh, him and that Hulk hogan.
What garbage?
That's like us and I were a windbag obsessed.
Bubba said, de-bag on the air.
Well, we can't say it.
Isn't he on the beastly station in Fort Myers?
He is.
Uh-huh.
Why ain't Joyce on his ass just do it, Susla? That's a good point.
How come on a beastly station in Fort Myers?
Bubba Lovespoon can say de-bag, but on a beastly station, I mean, we can't say it.
Huh?
Mr. Croft Insider hot shot.
How come, let's answer that question.
I don't know. I've been trying to fight to get your show back.
I've been trying.
Well, you know, and what do they say?
I'm not hiring a totem pole, I guess.
What do they say?
Nothing.
Yeah, we'll try. We'll look into it.
I think they have a look into Joyce's...
Reckon.
Ask, because I think there's something really nasty crawling around in there.
Just as I'm surprised since you have the pole right above that noxious picture,
that John Revolta isn't in the pole.
He makes me want to spoon my eyes out with rusty forks anytime it comes on my TV.
And by the way, for having two minutes notice, I thought, fleed, that just fine.
He's got a better voice than guilty and also has a better personality.
How do you like that for the ultimate compliment?
All right.
You have a better voice than guilty and a better personality.
Wow.
Next thing they'll be saying you have a better personality than Joseph Gackie.
Which any personality would be better than poor Joe's.
He has such old penis face.
Blackie says, can you see the game tonight on the flyer feed?
Oh, I'll see it.
If you have the NHL package, it will probably be on.
Well, let me check on my NHL extra ice package thing.
Oh, the thing is not there.
Western semi final Windsor at Plymouth and Belphilate Niagara, Brampton and Mrs. Saga,
London and Sagittall, all these OHL games.
But I'm sure it'll be on my thing.
Whatever happened to Wendell Clark, finally he retired.
That's what happened to Wendell Clark.
This organization here that keep bringing back the same old retreads,
Duggie Gilmore, Wendell Clark.
When's Johnny Bower going to come back and play goal?
He was my favorite.
He's only about 90 years old.
Whatever happened to Wendell Clark.
That said, let's get hockey intensive.
Now we got that big game.
It's not even on TV.
Mel Gibson.
Oh, that's a good one for the podium.
You're going to put it on there?
Oh, yeah, I'll put that on.
You want me put that chip, Volta on too or no?
If you want.
Okay.
John Revolta.
Because somebody says I can't vote on the poll till his Jew hating feminine hygiene bag is on there.
Mel Gibson.
Yeah, I won't watch any movie.
He's in.
251 votes on there.
Will Ferrell is winning hands down your pants.
65 votes.
Adam Sandler.
48.
People you see him on TV and right away you get like physically ill.
Like when you walk in the hallway at QAM.
What just happened there?
Oh, I see.
Somehow I had to close the puck because I couldn't play that D bag thing.
See how that affects the whole rest of the show?
Joyce.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
This has been the whole Roger show.
Oh, please, please, Joyce.
Just as your brain.
Rock, rock, rock solid.
Any questions?
There's lady in town.
She's another dox Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unlethavan.
Oi.
And she's buying bread at 7.
11.
Absolutely.
And the bread is wonder.
And the bread is wonder.
Oh, by the way, speaking of this crap,
that are start flossing right away.
I've heard it over the weekend, but the big thing about it,
which I've heard it before too, about mouth, health,
and your heart.
Hmm.
And why you should floss and mouth wash and do all this stuff.
Keep the killer germs in your mouth because that has a lot to do with the health
and your heart and having a heart attack.
Do you know that?
My dentist told me that once.
Well, it's true.
And Joe Bell has got some chlorox bleach and some lice all to clean up the mud
that's going on the back of his toilet.
Oh, it's good.
And that brand is says, I don't know how that building is there,
but if they haven't cleaned up that mess yet,
you're going to have all that crap in the walls.
The carpet, if there's a lot of them, it could warp.
And then that smell will haunt the building till it's remodeled.
Well, guess what, Brandon?
I guess you're not paying attention because these people don't care about that.
They're leaving the building in a month or two.
Yes, true.
But Joe Bell has cleaned it up.
So what are they care if there's crap in the hallway, huh?
It'll probably still be there the day that you move out.
Now, did you take a look?
Did you go down there?
Do you have the balls to look?
I will.
The next break. I'll take it out.
If that mess isn't cleaned up yet, I mean, what?
Somebody called the health department.
Okay, there's there's turds in the hall.
More than usual.
I'm not just talking about the walking ones.
Okay.
I'm talking about the ones on the floor.
Oh, Melissa in Concord, North Carolina, who says,
hola back at your girl.
That's a, that's a spartan thing.
Okay, Melissa, that's hola back.
White people don't hola back.
Do they?
Or am I wrong about that?
I don't think I've ever holaed back.
No.
No.
Even young white guys, I don't think hola back.
In fact, when I holaed young white guys, they didn't really run.
Says, flea was good on yesterday.
On yesterday, see, it's a dark thing.
No complaints.
Please add Steven Seagull and John Claude Van Dam.
They suck and they're played out.
You want to put them on there?
Yeah, but when was the last time they did a movie?
Yeah, when the last time we see either one of them.
Don't, don't, like I said, forget about it.
Sorry, sorry, Melissa, but we're hollering back.
I did add Russell Crowe.
Oh, Russell Crowe, absolutely freaking lootly, right?
Although that one movie was good.
The one where he played the retarded guy or whatever was all.
What was that movie?
Oh, you know what I'm talking about?
Up your pants?
Up your, up something.
Up a lazy river?
Down the old mill stream?
Who did that song?
Sighs Entner.
God, what a memory for garbage.
How can I rest out from 100 years ago from before?
Most of you people were born.
Sighs Entner on Dot Records.
Same label that Pat Boone was on.
And Billy Vaughn.
You remember that song on a lazy river?
Oh, yeah.
No, you don't.
I do.
Do you?
Yeah.
I used to work at an oldie station.
Why I see.
You remember Dot Records, Billy Vaughn, sail along,
so we'll remove him, remember that?
No.
Billy Vaughn and his orchestra, they did all the instrumentals on Dot.
Nelson riddled it all the instruments.
And then the instruments on Capitol.
Remember those days?
Mitch Miller did all the instrumentals on Columbia.
Remember Mitch Miller?
Oh, yeah.
Scott says, shame old baldy ain't going bankrupt.
Why if you used to work at Blockbuster's in 89, she hated it.
Says, call Joyce on the ear and ask her why Bubba can say it.
Says Scott and Penel's Park.
You call her Scott.
Call her on the ear.
Call her what?
An nasty bitch?
Call her on the ear.
Honey, more instructions from the audience.
Do this, do that.
You call her up, Scott.
You're right over there on her neck of the woods on a west coast.
The Dow's down 122.
It's been down, down, all morning.
78.53 and 4%.
Oh, but the S&P is going up, Neil.
You'll see, yeah.
Wait till I get the next piece of turd from Maria Bartoroma speaking of turd.
The fake Kenny Rogers, by the way, is the Kenny Rogers from Crosses,
Rita, Zian on the weekends or not.
I have not seen him on the schedule last couple of weeks now.
We must suck them.
Adam Coopersteens on this weekend.
Yeah, he's on every weekend, it seems like.
And the weekly fisherman is on 6 to 9, 3 hours of fishing on Saturday morning.
My God.
3 hours of fishing talk.
Oh, that's manages thing.
Like I said, great radio.
Kenny Rogers says, Baruch, what is that?
Baruch Shovah, he's trying to do Hebrew, I guess.
Flea was great yesterday.
He's got a real cool dude voice.
And the mix of the other of the other guests were even good, even gay, gay J.
Honestly, I think W. Kramich should be proud.
They can throw a good mix of talent to take over for you at any time.
George has gone his own intellectual snazzy thing about him.
Flea's got the down to earth guy thing going.
I'm proud to be one of your 14 listeners says of this idiot.
All right.
Marlins game was pretty packed considering was 91 degrees.
Not a sell out, but a good, but a ton of good fans out there.
Oh, yeah, it was hot.
As Flea says, go, Marlins, come out there.
No, it was hot and that's an excuse for you.
You're not selling out opening day?
No.
Token day, you got to go.
Give me a break opening day.
That's the big semi.
Even people who wouldn't go if you paid them $100 going opening day.
And a ton of excuses.
Oh, was 91 degrees in the shade?
It was so hot, too bad.
Support your Marlins, man, or not as a case maybe.
I don't give a crap about the Marlins or about who stole the most bases and ran that other crap.
Although I would rather hear about the Marlins than hear about all that basketball crap that I were a win bag.
I was talking about on Joe show this morning.
Oh, my God.
And what's that guy's name again that you don as haslam?
You don as there really is a guy named you don as I know there was a guy named odd on us, but you don as what about odd on us and I don as and he don as
in this afternoon, I'm going to the down as
you might eat cleaned know what by today.
Maybe later, okay.
Now, I may have to give that up.
I had a brutal weekend there.
Oh, my God.
I'm starting to get like frog Maurice with those $5 wheel of fortune.
Oh, did I lose my ass this weekend?
They got new $5.
They got like two times three times four times five times.
And of course, five times nothing is still nothing, you know?
But they're very addictive and don't start playing $5 wheel of fortune.
It's my best advice to all you would be slot players, okay?
Quick hit.
That's where I win and win and win.
And I don't know what it is.
I'm scared to give it all back.
I'm quick hit.
And it sounds to me like somebody took a quick
Schmidt in a hallway there.
Don't forget during this break you're going down and doing little inspection.
Isn't there anybody in the building who's like giving you like advice on what's going on there?
No, not really.
A spy report.
No.
I guess I should have quit after isn't there anybody in the building?
Right.
Question mark.
What's the story?
What is this Friday is good Friday?
That's what I hear.
And someday, oh, that's right.
We actually get the day off, I think.
You get the day off on Friday?
Well, I'm not going to say they off on a go to your holiday, huh?
Yeah, I'm not taking it off either.
But I think any offers you can choose Friday or Monday as a day off.
What's Monday?
Easter Monday?
No, listen, you're laughing.
You see, you didn't know there's such a thing.
There's Easter Sunday and there also is an Easter Monday,
which I never knew of till I think last year.
I just found out about it now then.
Well, there you go.
Easter Monday, my ass.
Let's go roll some Easter eggs on the lawn.
And let's get the Easter Bunny.
Happen along.
And of course, this is a big time when they say they're all that cramp, all the candy.
Easter candy.
And of course, pacidicky candy too, which I'm still asking the question.
Nobody's answered.
What makes candy, any kind of candy, kosher for Pesach?
I don't know, but I do like the marshmallow peeps.
There's little...
Yeah, there's a lot.
How can you not love those?
They're awesome.
It's like cramps.
Marshmallow peeps.
I love almost any kind of candy.
Unless it's got peanut butter in it, then I don't want no part of it.
Ooh.
Fair.
Do you like peanut butter and candy?
Not normally because it's usually fake peanut butter.
Oh, I'll take a snack.
That goes back to my version for mushi foods.
Although those marshmallow things can be kind of mushi.
Mushi lead.
That was down 135.
Everything is calm today.
Back to normal.
Georgia's on vacation this week.
Don't get all panic.
Where is George?
What's going on there at QAM?
And how come public can say D-bag?
That should be our biggest problem, right?
If that was my biggest problem in life, is that public can say D-bag on here, and I can't...
That would be so happy.
You have no idea.
I'd be ecstatic.
I'd be doing a rapsity in my pants right now.
As opposed to the rapsity on the floor, whichever number somebody did before.
Now, is there going to be an investigation to see who was responsible for these spillover and the mess in the hallway?
Well, Jesse discovered it this morning, so it had to be someone from last night.
Uh-huh.
And who worked last night?
That I don't know.
Oh.
Well, let's get the investigation going.
Let's get the QAM in the...
Because they always do these things.
They have like a big commission that they put together and have a big inquisition.
Let's have a QAM inquisition about whose turds are in a hallway.
In fact, you know something, it's like that to-yard turd bit that I play.
Maybe what they ought to do is like check everybody's turds and see which ones match the ones in a hall.
You'll line up.
That's right.
Line them up, baby.
Oh, God, Neil.
So, we Clinton has arrived in Mexico City as a violent war between the drug cartels, Rage is there.
She says...
I remember landing under sniper fire.
There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles.
Exactly.
Both there.
Much more dangerous position.
It's 11.16.
Yeah, that line, bitch.
We don't hear about her no more.
Oh, that's right. She's a secretariat state.
Mm-hmm.
There's no president to get down here.
Force one.
No, I don't know.
Was that in Iraq?
They just showed who knows.
They just show all this file footage.
You might have been like a month ago.
Who knows?
You're a bunch of grave robbers at CNN.
Okay, you should all be in prison.
And the people at CNBC, they all should be on death row.
Oh, it's a buying opportunity.
It's the new economy.
It's blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm going to be, yeah, right.
Peddling crap.
The hallway is clean.
The hallway is clean.
And that's right.
Yep, Joe Bell cleaned it himself.
Apparently.
The general Mangler clean turds off the floor.
Yep.
Holy moly.
I mean, I know we had a lot of cutbacks there, but we got that bad of a shortage.
The GM's got to be the potty cleaner now.
I guess so.
Can you see that?
He's doing this with his hands or with his tongue.
I didn't ask.
Oh, good.
God, Joe Bell cleaned the feces off the floor.
He did.
Come on.
I'm going to get it.
He came in.
Showed me.
He showed you a handful.
Oh, my God.
Whoo.
What a thought.
Wait, do you know something?
If anybody can relate to it, he's the guy.
That's his motto.
That's Joe Bell's motto is.
That is us.
George Ansys, when I when I tuned in, I was like, what?
But to tend to the truth, it was pretty amazing how Lee and the guys did a four hour show without one phone call.
Obviously, they're not you, but not too bad for a no-show prep.
Yeah, I gave you like what?
About 40 minutes notice.
Yeah.
And by the way, I can already see the KWQM staff scooting over to KFC to take a Schmidt.
Always listening.
Yeah, that's an idea for it.
They got a public tea room there KFC.
Mm-hmm.
But jolly Joe did yo man work this morning clean up the turlits clean up the hallway.
I mean, is that a cent commentary that there's nobody else in that building who would like rolled up their sleeves and do do do for a do do come on?
I wish I'd have known.
I could take a picture of it.
No, would that be great?
We could put it on our website.
jolly Joe with his hands full of Schmidt.
Mm-hmm.
Russell Crowe, a beautiful mind.
I told you it was a big game with the word up.
A beautiful mind.
2001.
It was in 2001.
What about it that movie?
And that's it.
Oh.
That wasn't good movie though.
Yeah, it wasn't a good movie in the end to come to find out the whole thing was.
It was kind of like that Ed Norton movie.
What was the one where it turned out he actually murdered the guy?
Oh, the one with Richard Geer.
Yeah.
Oh Ed Norton, Google Ed Norton and you'll find the name of the movie.
I'm on it.
I hate to run the end of that movie because it's really a good movie.
And you think that oh you feel sorry for him and everything else.
And in the end it come to find out he was actually the killer.
Ed Norton, he's great.
An American history ex was on again.
Yeah, that was all as we can.
Primal fear.
Primal fear, that's the one.
Which of these talentless overrated actors makes you most ill to look at?
That's our pool question.
We got 393 votes.
Will Ferrell seems to be winning the contest 72.
I don't see Will Ferrell a lot much in anything.
Thank God.
But what is he in and on?
The people are seeing him so much.
Will Ferrell 72, Adam Sandler 56, Martin Lawrence 47, Jim Carey 40, Ben Stiller 35.
He makes me nauseous.
Will Smith 32.
He makes me gag.
Kevin Costner 26, Kano Reeves 24, George Clooney 14, Eddie Murphy 13, Slice, Dillone 10, Robert Downey Jr. 10, John Revolta 5, Tom Hanks 4, Mel Gibson 3, Russell Crowe, Solomon Teuno.
I think we left somebody off of there.
Oh, didn't we want to put John, oh he's got five John Revolta.
That's probably because of that picture.
They're all there.
I want to say, hey, Johnny, you're fair.
Like that.
But they don't dare.
Oh, here we go.
Brian says, I'm so glad there is Schmidt in the hall.
Well, guess what?
Brian has gone.
Marge, oh, this is sign, Marge shot.
Marge Schmidt.
Wow.
Haven't heard that name in a while.
I said, I haven't heard that name in a while.
Yeah, it wasn't she a real princess, real nice bitch.
I bet she enjoys with the same person.
I wish because enjoys would be dead.
Oh, not that we wish you a death to the Joyce, but we do.
So Mark in Coconut Creek says, kosher candy and wine
is handled by pure Jewish hands.
Well, I could tell you some things that have been handled
by these pure Jewish hands.
But then again, you know, we can't say it on here.
Kosher candy and wine is handled by pure Jewish hands.
Have you ever heard such a bubble my senior life now?
Well, as opposed to what an impure Jewish hand?
What makes Jewish hands pure, Mark?
What kind of fairy tales?
What kind of nourish kite?
Blackie says, Neil, I know you know this reporter.
And I think you may enjoy this article.
I don't know who it is.
Mike Sheen, copped her in TV newsman on the wrong side of the law,
arrested for driving into an NYPD horse.
I have no idea who this is.
It's got a photo of him.
I've never seen him.
I never heard the name.
But Blackie says, oh, you know him.
The car that copped her in TV newsman, Mike Sheen,
was driving last night when he collided with the NYPD horse in Tribeca.
He refused to take a breathalyzer test.
He faces up to a year in jail of convicted.
She and a former cop were normally breaks through his broke the law
and became the news police.
He said, he was arrested last night for refusing to take a breathalyzer test
after driving into an NYPD horse.
The Fox 5 news reporter was arranged to day in charge with reckless endangerment
and operating a vehicle while intoxicated and impaired.
What's the matter?
I didn't hit nothing.
Prosecutors quoted Sheen as telling cops.
Through his lawyer, Sheen 69, the allegations claimed the horse ran into him.
It's Mr. Sheen's position that the horse ran into his car.
lawyer Thomas Monahan said he did nothing wrong.
Mr. Sheen's got to be vindicated.
He faces up to a year in jail of convicted.
The Manhattan DA's office did not request bail.
The horse-offered cuts bruises and scrapes to the hind thigh and knee.
A Fox 5 spokeswoman said, management is aware of the matter and reviewing it.
The cops arrested Sheen at 10.30 pm after speeding and crashing his 2008 mercury
into a mounted unit horse on North Moor Street.
The crash Sheen's, I guess, broke Sheen's raverside window.
Left one of the officers injured, cut the horse and sent scampering of two blocks.
The board's missing.
This is a bad article from Fox News No Less.
While figures.
The complaint also says Sheen's speech was slurred and his breath smelled of booze.
Monahan insisted the police report indicates to be spawning officers, so no signs of drinking and driving on Sheen.
That's why it's strange, he said, after the arrangement.
His next court date is May 19.
Sheen, a cop for 25 years, worked on several famous cases including the Central Park jogger case.
The Robert Chambers Preppy Murder Case in the Zodiac Killer.
As the reporter, he's been nominated for six Emmy Awards including his work on 9-11.
And now he's got Soros.
My Sheen, do you ever hear him?
No.
I see the picture here and it's in black, he says, you know him and, uh, yeah, I don't know him.
Here's quite a story that Brandon sent in.
Man strips and protest of bread sale during Passover.
It's even got a picture here.
Oh, you've vey, he looks so Jewish.
He's got all the facial hair in the hole of the only, he's got something written in Hebrew on his chest.
Oi.
The writing on the stomach, on the poopy.
Well, we'll say that for after the break. It's heavy, heavy breaking news.
Breaking news, baby.
Everything is breaking news, if you notice that?
Mm-hmm.
Even on the cartoon channel, Breaking News.
399 votes, which of these countless overrated actors makes you most ill to look at.
And Will Ferrell continues taking down the top prize, 74.
Adam Sandler, 56, Martin Lawrence, 47.
Jim Carrey, 40. I only do the double digit ones, which is most everybody.
Ben Stiller, 36. Will Smith, 32.
Kevin Costner, 27.
Kano Reeves, 24.
George Clooney, 14. Eddie Murphy, 13.
Slides the loan, 11.
And Robert Downey, Jr. He's got 10.
Oh my god. If you play Hank over again, I'm gonna fucking throw up.
All right. I think we had a Godfather free weekend on AMC. Let's hear it.
I'm gonna break them. All right.
Pretty unusual, ain't it?
Now before I get into this guy with the man strips and protest of Red Seal,
ask for the, this is from the fake Adam Kirschner.
Okay.
Ask for the what he thinks of the great Billy West.
The great Billy West?
Who's Billy West?
I don't know.
Oh, I guess that's the answer to your question, Adam.
You don't know from Billy West neither do I.
I know Adam West.
Yeah, Batman.
Adam also says the fake Adam.
Flea is a breath of fresh air.
George is a friend, but Lee is much better on either.
They should really give George and Flea the two to four spot.
Did you ever hear back from Rick Shaw? No.
No. I hear I get nothing on my space.
There's nothing on there. Nothing.
Zipity Duda. That thing is dead as a dornet.
And oh, and that reminds me, I was gonna ask you to give you a bunch of,
give me the business about all that Twittering you're doing.
I'm still doing that.
Yeah, not so much.
Why did you get involved in that?
Because it seemed to be the thing to do, but who wants to follow me?
It doesn't matter.
So I kind of give it up on it.
It seems to be the thing to do.
Yeah, I figured I'd give it a try.
I see what I could follow so you could follow me, but it's pointless.
And what did you get from it?
Nothing.
A headache?
Yeah.
Twitter.
Everybody's into the, oh, here's the latest fan.
It's Facebook.
No, it's Twitter.
No, it's back to my space.
No, it's, uh, whatever.
All these lifeless people with the, no, nothing going on.
411 votes on the pool.
I remember the days when we used to like go for a thousand on the pool.
Back when we hit an audience.
Yeah.
Back before Joe Bell came to town.
Well, one good thing about Joe, he's a real, uh, floor cleaner.
He's a real, uh, picker-upper.
He's like Rosie, the quicker-picker-upper.
Only I bet you, Rosie, never picked up turds.
Especially with her bare hands.
No.
And Billy West, Billy West has voices.
He's a voice guy.
He does future drama and stuff like that.
And, uh, there you go.
I don't care.
I guess it's fine.
No.
Now I do.
Yeah, see, we don't know who that is.
Adam.
Fake Adam.
Man strips and protests of bread sale during Pesach.
A young man dressed as a Yashiva student.
And dresses at an encosher supermarket chain remaining only with socks.
I can't read the word, covering his private parts.
The shame is not mine, he tells Ynet.
The article written by Avi Cohen.
A 27-year-old man cleaning to be a Shiva student decided to launch an unusual protest against the court ruling, allowing stories and restaurants to sell 11 food during the holiday of Passover.
The man dressed as a Haredi.
Well, what is that?
No, I don't know.
A ride Monday afternoon, the store belonged to the non-cosher, Tivhtom supermarket chain in the city of Buggie of something just south of Tel Aviv.
Oh, this is in Israel, no less.
Upon his arrival, he had dressed and remained with only a sock covering his private parts, a sock covering his thing.
Oh, look at this.
They took a poll.
81% won't buy bread on Passover.
Oh.
Now, where they took the poll, I don't know.
Adventurer?
Now, this is the same article here.
The man explained he could not be prosecuted for an indecent act in public because, according to the court's interpretation of the 11 food law, a supermarket is not considered a public place even wrote on my stomach.
This isn't public question mark, which he wrote in Hebrew.
A real far bison.
The store employees alerted the police, addressed the man, arrested him and took him to the police station.
In his investigation, the suspect claimed he was a Yashiva student studying in a different Yashiv vote in Bhat Yam.
In a Yashiv vote.
Oh, Vey.
He told police that, in light of the court ruling, he didn't violate any law.
The police were unconvinced by the man's interpretation of the ruling and are expected to waste the Rishan, Liza, and magistrates court to send him to a mental observation place.
To a nut house.
I don't know if they planned to prosecute me, but I planned to demand that they opened an unjustified criminal record.
I planned to fight for my innocence, the young man.
Arya, Yurushalami told Ynet Monday night.
Yurushalami.
He explained his decision to strip despite his religious value, saying, this is why I left the sock on. That's why I didn't care.
Somebody, sometimes you have to shout, this shame was not mine, but the other people's.
The shame, selling 11 bread during Pesach.
How dare they?
He said that he entered the Tiv, Tom, Sturren, Bhatiyam's industrial zone at 220 pm.
He noticed a group of minors and waited for them to leave.
After they left, he said he called police and reported there was a new person in the store.
He then walked over to the bread counter, took all his clothes off apart from a sock covering his private parts.
How can you have a sock on your private parts? You understand that?
I've seen it before. It was a cover of a Rolling Stone magazine with the Red Hot Chili Peppers once.
Really?
Yeah.
Following his arrest investigation, Yurushalami was put under house arrest.
He claimed he was released because the establishment was not interested in the media party at the courtroom.
Yurushalami told Wyneth that after he undressed there were several girls who left, while the storm manager in guard demanded that he leave the premises.
When the police arrived, he got dressed and went out.
I wanted to do it a week ago, but I was lazy for different reasons now during the mid holidays. I'm free, he said.
Several weeks ago, when Yurushalami Municipal Court judged and decreed that the indictments against four restaurants under charged with selling 11 goods during Passover, we scrapped.
And again, it goes on. It's just ponderous. It's pathetic. It's more of this religious bubble-mice is crap garbage.
The bread is 11. The bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
rip one of the

That was down 136.
It's been not good since it opened today.
Probably because I'm back.
Yeah, I think that's got something to do with it.
Got turds on the floor.
All kinds of horrible things happen today.
Yesterday, when Flea was there with the Zach and what's his name?
Schmendrick.
Everything was great.
Other than Ferris Bueller's Day Off, what good movie is Matthew Brodrick made?
Add him up there.
He is horrible and always me like Nancy Grace does.
Says Fat Boy.
Matthew Brodrick is annoying.
Hmm.
I don't see that.
Wasn't he in Torchstown trilogy?
Yes.
With what's your name?
What's your name?
The screaming queen?
The Gaffer.
The Gaffer producers.
Look up turds on trilogy.
Gary says last weekend, a half a friend cleaned out his garage found an old Sony boombox.
It had a cassette inside with a bunch of bits from your show back in the gold days.
It was great hearing stuff like bagpipes and peeping through the keel plus lots of
fart sounds.
Best was you letting out a long GD.
Now that's great radio.
Listening every day, no matter who's behind the mics, is Gary from most said,
well, thanks, Gary, for putting up with our water down show.
Thank you.
What's your name?
Famous screaming queen towards on trilogy to look it up.
I'm looking right now.
Oh my God.
Fred and Boccasters.
I saw in the news about the season opener.
Still, I'm not going to any games.
New stadium or not.
I may watch on TV.
They may make the world series and it's free.
Oh, I see if they make the world series.
Well, they won't.
Who was it?
Matthew Brodrick.
Right.
And I can't find it.
And Bancroft was in it.
She played the screamer's mother.
Well, we go from New York when we get old, we go to Florida to die.
That was one of the great lives of them.
I think I found it.
Yes.
Harvey Firesteen.
Harvey Firesteen.
How can I forget?
And even you didn't know Harvey Firesteen?
No, I was thinking of Nathan Lane, actually.
Where are you?
Well, he's a queen too, right?
Yeah.
Let me see if I got that Harvey Firesteen bit.
Oh, yeah, here it is.
Hi.
It's Harvey Firesteen.
Maybe you heard about the gay softball tournament
about to take place down in Nashville.
Well, I happen to be the manager of the softball team
at the Putnam way in.
Yeah, OK.
And there's a little sample of that.
I don't think we can play the whole thing, but I'm in you.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Absolutely.
Oh, right.
And I'm picking the videos who thrive on at our home.
Our building in Arena for the Miami Heat.
Having to arena somehow don't seem right.
Better ask your phone, poor financial advice.
Yeah.
NBA is locked down.
There's no basketball.
They're all on strike.
Let's burn the place down.
And insurance check would sure be nice.
Before you go, I'll stick a tan of that.
Oh, like that, that's all.
Oh, like that, that's all.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right to get.
Oh, you're right to get it.
Get it, get it, get it, get it.
You're right to get it.
Get it, get it, get it, get it.
That was 165 points.
Nish good, man.
Nish good.
I got an email from Dan Coons.
That name would be nothing to you.
Not really anybody else.
Nazi.
It says subject Nazi Boyz got it.
WNWS.
He's one of the sales holes that WNWS knew 100 years ago.
They tall blonde guy goofball dumb, but then he was a sales
hole.
He says, Hi Neil, if you made it past the subject line, congrats.
I'll be in South Florida the week of May 11 to 15.
I'd like to come by and say hello, Dan.
That day, dumb.
Hmm.
Could be in South Florida.
He wants to come by and say hello.
I'm not in South Florida.
Then, no, while I be there, May 11 to 15 or any other date.
Sacramento, California works for a chief channel.
Clear channel radio Sacramento, KFBK, KST, EK, YL, KGBY, KQJK.
Clear channel, a senior accountant executive.
He still a sales hole after all these years.
After like 100 years, he's selling for a chief channel.
And don't forget.
Sales, people are ice holes.
Right.
As clowns.
So a nice hearing for me, I guess Danny Boyle, but I won't be there.
So go by and say hi.
There won't be anybody there that you know.
They're better yet.
Go by.
Keep channel.
Go go see Ken Charles.
A real F and genius.
So, you know, we're not getting any emails about the great new line up at W and Z.
You sent me that thing and I have it already headed in my pile.
But I'll never find it.
That statement that they put out that hearts and flowers thing.
But oh, we can make any money.
Oh, gee.
Oh, what was us?
Betty Romer said, well, it's official.
This is an old one from Monday.
As of this morning, W and Z is Fox Sports Network.
All sports talk radio.
Bad enough to start today with Jim Rome or however the hell he spells it.
And the Fox Sports slogan that we have more balls than she says.
Oh, here it is.
Here it is.
From the fake time, jica and from flea.
W and Z has changed the sports animal.
So tell me about the cat before we this.
About the what?
The cat that you brother hit with a baseball bat.
Oh, yeah, it was very traumatic.
I was giving people a little insight into my white trash life.
You know, and basically the cat ate a black lizard which get it.
I guess made it sick and was dying.
So my brother decided to put it out of his misery with a bat and like clubbed it over
the head in front of me and I was traumatized for a while.
That's about it.
And then why don't you have a cat for the same reason you were on Twitter?
Well, the cat was there before me.
So what do you mean by that?
Like it was there when I was born.
The cat was already there.
Yeah.
So wasn't your kitty cat?
No.
I'm not a cat person.
Oh, if you if you said you were, I'd I'd you'd be doing another two hours and 12 minutes.
All alone.
I just got up and run out of here.
So here's the message that W and you notice W and G W and G management.
The word management is scrawled out like a child wrote it.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
Management written out like I mean, the rest of it is all typed out, but W and G management
like they signed it like a child.
Sadly progressive radio on W and Z is over.
W and Z is not made money as long as it's been progressive.
The reasons are simple.
The audience for the format is very loyal, but also very small compared to WIOD, WQAM,
Waxi and the FM's.
When a client comes on the radio station, they do get almost immediate results.
However, the audience is quickly saturated within 30 days or so.
The results slow and then quickly stop.
At that point, the clients pull off and go to another station or in some cases, another
medium.
With the election and everything, it helped prolong the format and keep it going, hoping
things might change.
They did not.
So the economy, Randy Rhodes, a huge part of WIOD, losing his indication and the size
of the listening audience forced the company to make this decision.
Trust me, it was not easy.
We did put up a good fight for the last five years.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, there are more sports stations in South Florida than sports teams, but with the
heat negators already on WIOD, the feeling was that this environment, in this environment,
the format would be more successful.
Only time will tell, of course.
Thank you for your lawyer listening and for caring enough to write.
WIOD's management, scrolled out like by a little child.
Is that pathetic or what?
Sad?
Yeah, very.
Where?
Where?
We weren't making any money.
Where?
What a line that is.
There are more sports stations in South Florida than sports teams.
But with the heat and the heat, what the heat is already on?
What the heaters got to do with South Florida?
Don't they play in the games for the last time I checked?
Yep.
I mean, sure, there's some alumni, some, you know, clowns out there, some gator clowns.
But I mean, that's enough to justify a format change in an addition to which what
of the heat or the gators got to do with all these syndicated talk shows that they got
on the air?
Anything at all?
No.
Absolutely nothing.
Nothing.
That's a cheap channel for you.
Everything they touched, they consistently destroyed, they bushered.
They're like Joe Bell.
When I worked in that building, David Rospert out of Nemo.
If anybody called it cheap channel, we were going to be fired on the spot.
Really?
That guy was an ass clown for sure.
David Ross who had caught an ass clown, he was.
Can't stand that guy.
Good buddies with Norma can't, by the way.
Really?
Right there, brother.
Loose together.
Him and your buddy, Peter Bolton.
I'm talking about David Ross and the David Ross is this.
And then of course, he moved from David Ross over to Steve Lapa and James Crystal Radio.
All the losers, all the swill.
Rick and Boca says, I'm not going to give advice, critiques or complaints, but.
And of course, as usual, Rick B does know what he's talking about.
Subtlick what you should do.
Based on your recent picture on your website, now, remember that picture we had up there
from a hundred years ago when I was really, really fat?
Oh yeah.
Remember that picture I put up there as a joke?
Yeah.
In my underwear.
Well, that picture was from a long time ago, Rick, but now I don't want to confuse you
with the facts.
Based on your recent picture on your website, I think you should think about writing a
bike or walking for exercise.
I do walk a lot.
I walk more in one day here that I would walk in a year in South Florida.
Life is too short to be in the gravy for 70 says Rick and Boca, who doesn't know what
they're least talking about.
Picture was an old picture from long ago when I was much, much.
I think that, in that picture, I was like about 240.
Now I'm 190.
So you see the difference?
Still fat.
No, we're near though.
And out of shape, but nothing like that.
But then again, Rick, you know, now what to tell you what to do but do this, do that.
Fred and Boca says I saw a great Toronto flyer shoot out a few days ago on the Rogers
network is that you're never could just coincidence.
If it's your as good choice of games, it's my network.
The Rogers, oh God.
Wow.
Yeah, see what I'm saying?
Is that my network?
Yes, my, my stadium to the Rogers Center.
Tim and Tampus is I like the way you can flee interacting the show.
George does well also, but he doesn't know a damn thing when it comes to sports.
I think George ran off the Lucy Lopez guy.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't miss a lot of the callers, but then there were a few I do miss.
I don't miss any of them.
I did you miss the calls?
No.
Here's my poll suggestion.
Who is the worst caller than the Rogers show?
And I'll let you make the list.
No thanks to him and Tampa.
We're not going to get obsessed with the callers.
There are no more callers.
It's done.
It's finished.
It's history over.
How about taking a couple of calls?
No.
Just keep sending that in.
That was not one.
Sixty three by the way.
Here's one from Dave who says Will Smith has no acting range.
You can take one character.
You play them on movie and serve the same character.
Another movie would know the difference.
Don't forget he came up with that mega hit getting jiggy with it.
I don't want to come across as to anti-Will Smith, but if he were to die, well, Smith
happens.
I agreed, David Coral Springs.
If he were to croak tomorrow, I wouldn't have shut it here.
I have to say he was okay in the Muhammad Ali movie.
Oh my God.
Okay, marginally.
I didn't watch it.
Yeah, wasn't bad.
Why would I watch a movie about Muhammad Ali?
I don't know.
Oh, I never watched the movie Righteous Kill ever.
What's that about?
Deniro and Al Pacino.
They're two cops, their buddies.
And bloody cops?
Yeah, and Deniro is like a killer.
And I almost I almost turned it off at the opening credits.
It was so bad.
Harble.
Really?
Yeah.
And he watched the whole thing?
No, I about about a quarter of the way through.
I turned it off.
I said, I can't watch it.
Yeah, it was that bad.
Well, both of them made several bunkers.
Yeah, horrible cheesy writing that horrendous, the awful, the mode.
Oh my God.
Send of a woman, which I think he won an Oscar for something like that.
That was the worst movie he ever made.
I agree.
Who are you?
He just kept saying that over and over in the movie.
Yep.
Dog day afternoon was great though.
Yes.
But that was a long, long time ago.
Long time ago.
Yeah.
They're all saying I'm gay.
Will you tell them I'm not gay too?
Captain Dave is the subject of Doug's email.
It says, I'm a listener from the W.I.O.D. Zaytty years.
Any word on the life and times of Captain Dave Caprita.
He's on the West Coast doing stuff.
I don't know what he's doing.
West Coast.
Not the West Coast of Florida, the West Coast of the USA.
I will say that the email party you show most parallels the creativity the calls you
received during the yesterday years of Zaytty and I.O.D.
Thank you for my new listening energy.
South Miami Doug.
In respect to Passover, think about playing the Henry Barrow, Joseph Gekki, Hank Goldberg
as Jewish song bit.
I don't know what that is.
I may remember it, but I don't got it.
I don't got it.
It was a guitar man thing, I believe.
Henry Barrow is Jewish.
Can you believe it?
I don't have it.
You got it?
Now, did you play any of the stuff yesterday or what?
Yeah, I played some of the stuff of Boko Brian that I had here on CD.
Agriculture department scientists say they have made a major stride toward developing
an allergy free rubber.
Oh, me, you.
This is Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers
12 to 1 hour beep beep.
Hey.
When I grow up I want to be just like Jim Skyland with a $30 keyboard tier.
I wouldn't need to buy a fancy back or computer, a microphone and tape neck will do.
Even a slipper like Boko Brian has better equipment but even sound.
Oh, when I grow up I want to be just like Jim Skyland and I wouldn't have to spend
my day.
Here comes my cell now.
I wouldn't have to spend my day.
I think that sounds just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Yeah, sure.
12 o'clock at 5.60 WQM, happy Tuesday too.
I'm back.
Flea is here.
Georgia's invocation this week.
Now wait until you hear the next idiotic email I have, okay?
All right, from Tim Jones who claims to be Jorge Siddano's agent, the only problem
is he doesn't know how to spell Siddano.
He has to win.
Is that is that generally a pretty good tip off?
Yeah.
Subject Jorge Siddano making his move.
Neil George Siddano misspelled again all the times it's in here spelled with two
ends is in contract talks with Jolly Jo Bell about making the switch over to 5.60 WQM
from 9.40 W.Y. and Z.
The only problem with that also is he's not on 9.40 W.Y. and Z.
Siddano will be taking over the 4 to 7 slot moving Jim managed to the 2 to 4 slot.
If after 3 months Jim manages numbers don't get out of the 1.
He'll be removed from WQM sign Jorge Siddano with 2 ends agent.
That's Jorge Siddano from 9.40 W.Y. and Z.
It's one thing to send a stupid fake email but I mean this one is one of the all time
worst.
Bad.
Really give it a big buzz.
Oh my.
Can you believe that?
No.
That's better.
David Speller guy's name and he's supposed to be his agent.
Right.
In addition to which if you think it's somebody's agent that they're going to be sending
a thing like that.
Oh here's one from Robert about the cheap channel ripping them an ass.
Now do you ever work for a cheap channel?
I did.
That's what I thought.
For three years.
On a west coast.
No here in Zeta.
You worked on Zeta?
Yeah.
And what doing what?
I did mid days for a while.
I did afternoons for a while and I was the APD and music director.
Oh my God.
With Rick Steele.
Rick James bits says hi just checking in wondering what I should come in for my job interview.
Yours truly.
Yuck yuck yuck.
When the moon comes over the mountain.
Yeah beautiful mind.
We know Russell Crowe.
How's that pool coming for 151 votes?
Not bad.
Not good.
No.
On a show where we used to do a thousand routinely we'd push and push and of course that's
why we had fat Chris on the show.
Yeah.
He was the full master.
Mm hmm.
He used to get a response to like the way it's well.
Robert said major corporations don't have to make a profit initially.
Clear channel W Y and Z is the Taliban a progressive talk radio.
There are more Democrats liberals registered in the Tri-County area.
Now our choices limited to the Nazis like Michael Savage, Joyce Kaufman, Sean Hanky
Bank and the rest of the hate mongers to these people in vent hate were born with it or
is it a learning process?
Where would Jerry Whitsner, Chubby Check it in fitness picture?
Oh he'd be right there.
He'd be right in the heart of it.
Why did you change your format and go back to talk it says Robert?
Oh that this is about W Y and Z.
I guess I don't know.
You think it's about W Y and Z or it's about me?
Come that's your.
We don't know.
We follow it up Robert.
Clarify okay we can't figure it out.
Why does he change your format and go back to talk?
Yeah I and Z is going to go back after after one and a half days of doing sports they're
going to go back to a progressive talk.
Right.
Give it up Robert and could have happened.
I know it's not Robert Creeper the Green Reaper the Lord of the Board.
Do you know what Kenny Walker at all?
Oh yes.
And nice guy.
Horrible fit when he was on the morning show here but an okay FM guy for a chick station.
It's 82 along the coast.
Glenn says please add Brendan Fraser and you'll have my vote.
Yeah he's pretty good.
Put Brendan Fraser on there.
He's annoying.
Sure.
I can do that.
He's real annoying.
The fake Adam Kirschner says Flea claimed to be a fan of Howard Stern and Arty Lang.
Billy was the voice man and Howard about 15 years ago was hysterically funny.
Yeah that's when Howard was funny about 15 years ago.
Right.
I didn't listen then.
He was the voice of March shot Larry Fein Raymond Burr Leoni Humsley George Tecai
Al Michaels and many others funniest radio person ever he started on WBC and
embossed it.
Well you never heard of them then?
No I never listened to Howard back then.
Oh when he was funny.
Yeah.
How's that serious talk to him by the way was like 36th and 34th and they boosted up.
Wow.
Let me take a look.
Serious stock.
One moment please.
Okay here we go.
Serious XM radio.
Yadda yadda yadda.
Dada da da da.
34th cent.
It opened the day of 36 and now it's 34.
Not back in no single digits like it was for a while there one is five six cent.
Oh put that.
34th cent still pretty pretty weak.
And the outlook is grim and grumb.
I guess like the outlook for all radio is grim what are we going to be doing in about
a year?
I don't know it's bad.
And I still say the starter on Friday at Gulfstream he ought to be in prison for the start
for not letting the seven get into the gate.
Let the horse get settled before you open the gate you goofball.
Did you see that race?
You couldn't see it.
No.
My seven horse.
See it was exactly the opposite of what I thought I thought because there are two
year olds and they're clumsy when they come out of the gate that not having anybody
to his right would be an advantage wrong.
It exactly was the opposite the gate opened.
He just barely had gotten into the stall and whoop the gate opens and he comes zooming
out of there but takes a right turn.
He lost about ten lines.
He came out directly to the right before he straightened out and still made a great race
out of it just missed by a length and a quarter.
Oh I told you the six Nielite.
I told you Phil Ark for the drowned on Noah's Ark Phil.
Yeah Phil this.
Yeah that's right.
Phil this.
Brackum you jackass.
You goofball as Hank would say you jag off.
Mike says two additions to the pull that make me violent the ill.
Now let me just see the poll question.
Does it ask for two or more or a bunch?
Which of these talent which in other words which one makes you most able to look at?
Not which a bunch not a list.
Brendan Fraser and Ben Affleck have none so far.
Vin Diesel's got three already.
Oh Taliban threat rising there are those Shmata Heds in Afghanistan.
There's many US troops as they can.
Still the marine safe.
And don't forget if a man that tries to rape his wife that's okay that's the new deal
in Afghanistan.
While they're looking into that.
Checking that out.
Hamid Karzah.
He's he's a checking that whole deal out.
Vin Diesel and Tommy Cruz.
It says Vin Diesel's already on there.
You want to put Tommy Cruz on there?
Absolutely.
Hey Tommy.
You fairy.
Also flea did a great job yesterday.
If it if it couldn't if I couldn't have you underrated yesterday for my birthday.
I got something a lot better than George with flea.
Well they're just taking gratuitous shots at George are you proud of that?
No that's not cool.
It's bad.
George is on vacation this week.
He wouldn't have been there under any circumstances.
And if he wouldn't have been on vacation this week he would have done the show yesterday.
I wouldn't have had to go through all that drama with you.
I would have just sent him an email around you know text message around 815 said oh I
got issues here you got to do the show.
Right.
But with you I mean I don't even have your what which I don't want it.
Okay.
I don't have your numbers so I can't text you or like that.
Like this morning when you showed up like around 915 I'm sitting here.
What the hell is going on already?
Yeah.
I had to go into the sales meeting for a few minutes.
What?
I had to go into the sales meeting for a few minutes.
So in other words that takes presence over working this show.
Well I guess it did today.
According to whom?
Chris Jones the general sales manager.
Will you tell Chris Jones to take his red neck ass back to Raleigh?
Okay.
Tell me he's doing a hell of a job selling this show not.
Yeah.
Tell him one fantastical job.
Also fleeting a great job.
It says haven't taken to the story about Metallica concert ticket winner.
I'm still trying to erase that thought from my mind.
Is it a gross story or something?
Which one?
The Metallica concert ticket winner.
Oh yeah.
It was gross.
Why?
Because it was nasty.
It's these guys that were trying to get backstage from Metallica.
They had to prove you the biggest fan.
And it got awfully disgusting.
Why?
You want me to tell the story again?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Basically we did a contest.
This was at 98 Rock and Tampa.
And I was there and it was to meet Metallica go backstage for their show.
Watch the show from the stage.
Go ahead.
And blah blah blah.
Basically the winning act what they did is because we did it at an arena.
They two guys walked up with a bucket and they took out the bucket a piece of bread.
And then the guy took a cow patty which is you know cow poop and little catch up.
Well, the court just didn't know what a cow patty was yesterday or no exact didn't know.
So I had to tell them then he put another piece of bread on there like a sandwich eight
the cow poop sandwich.
Yeah.
And then he after that he threw up in the bucket.
You guys could have just had a lot of wonderbread this morning.
Could I have a poop sandwich there?
All right.
Go ahead.
And then after he ate the sandwich he threw up in the bucket the other guy grabbed the
bucket and drank.
Oh.
So they won.
But then they got so drunk they got kicked out the show after the second song.
You know what that sounds like to me it sounds like a bubbled love sponge kind of thing.
Yeah.
Well, it's Tampa.
You know it's a little red necky there.
Yeah.
A little red necky.
A little bit.
I've been there so many times and I for the life of me I can never figure out where did
all these people come from with the orange hair and the purple eyes.
I mean, there's just like cartoon characters.
And of course the answer is they came from Tennessee.
They came or maybe they came from Georgia.
They floated down the Kahulawasi River.
Here's one from my annual chapstick agents are a holes.
Why should he spell his client's name right?
Why should he return calls to his client?
I was supposed to do his ask for 10% and tell her client to shut the F up.
Oh, how boring.
Very weak.
Oh Jimmy Dwarisky.
Neil, I don't get it.
Hopefully it's great today, but yesterday was absolutely painful to listen to.
I've listened to two different people today.
He seems to be loosened and coherent.
Whereas yesterday he sounded like a ferret on PCP.
Wow.
You sound like a ferret on PCP yesterday.
Maybe I've never actually like to be an angry prophet announcing the hypocrisy of our
times.
OK.
Well, the show to himself, he just ramble on and on and talk so GD fast.
You think he was recruited from an auctioneer school for people with ADD?
Before you could even conjure a thought or response to his comments.
He'd already be out of the next subject and that would only last another three seconds.
He's fantastic as a sidekick, but please never ever let him have his whole show again.
And again, he did me a big favor yesterday.
I needed somebody to step in and fill the breach and you people are knocking his ass.
You people are especially you, Jimmy Dwarisky.
My God.
Next time I'll speak really slow for Jimmy.
Yeah.
Well, he's a little slow anyway.
Right.
God.
We're we're we're.
All the critiques all the time.
That's all I know how to do is critique and complain and instruct do this do that.
I saw that picture of you get a bike.
Yadi, yadi.
Oh, here's George.
The not always agents spelled right this time.
Wow.
Wow.
You're just a coincidence.
Oh, who does not appreciate me ripping an ass.
I'll get to it.
You know, one thing about today, the emails are coming in just the way that I intended
for them when we started this crap.
Mm hmm.
Just a steady flow of crap all the way through without sitting here waiting and waiting.
You know, although I've got a big pile of garbage here.
Just like you had a big pile out there.
And if I got the beauty in the priest, I got Matt Rudge claims he's not gay.
But then again, who doesn't you know, other than me, who's who else isn't in the closet,
me and Elton John and he started out getting married to that German chick.
Remember?
Right.
Was he fooling anybody?
No.
Not this old queen.
That makes me nauseous.
When gay people, especially celebrities, have to put on a big act and get like Tommy Cruz.
Oh, but Tom always spend his nights out with the boys and he never came home.
That was what's your name?
Nicole Kidman who was whining about that.
He was always out with the boys, you know, bowling and stuff.
I'm sure.
Bowling and bawling.
I'm sure there's balls involved somewhere.
Where's his head?
There's a lot.
Maybe a little way.
I don't know.
Keep going.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Goowy.
Powell back
Bird, Bird back.
Bird.
 nice.
What pull up, huh?
that held a pair.
Page.
Page of Pope,
All right.
What?
You, Houston was.
board's egg. Somebody just sent me this from somewhere. How Apple will kill satellite radio
this summer summer. Ready for that? Oh yeah. Well I'll get to it in a moment after we
look at the poll result. Okay. But first George Sadanos agent who still doesn't know
that George Sadanos works at Waxi and not WNZ but never less. Miner detail. From Tim
Oh yeah. Neil I don't appreciate you riffing me and asking me to make fun of my sproling
the problem is not with me but with my keyboard. The letter and sticks and sometimes I don't
catch it. I'm allowed to tell you my name is we're under contract talks. You can mark my
words that it will be happening soon and when it does happen I'll be demanding an apology
from you in front of all your listeners. Oh and there we got two ends in that word. George
Sadanos agent. Well then he should know that George Sadanos contract doesn't end until
August. I see. And that he also probably has a non-compete like Sid the Kid did and everybody
else over there. Right. And that he's not on I and Z. He's on Waxi. But nevertheless Tim
Jones details. You think George Sadanos got an agent? I doubt it. A punk like him. A
putz. Here's the poll. 475 votes. Not too hot. Not too bad. When did we start this poll?
I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I started at this morning. Mm-hmm. Or late last night. I don't
know. What's it? He's telling us overrated actors makes you most able to look at. Will
Ferrell 82. He's been lead from the get go as they say. Why they say that? I don't know. They
say the get go and the get go. What do you think of the get go on? Geico here. Annoying. Adam
Sandler 65 Martin Lawrence for 53 Jim Kerry 49. Well he sure has fallen out of grace when
he might be popular once upon a time. Jim Kerry right in the beginning. Yeah then he
tried to do serious movies and that was the end. Oh my God. Ben Stiller 38. He makes me
nauseous. He's like a walking ad for anti-symmetism. I love his dad though. Jerry Stiller. Yeah
he's funny. But not not what's your name? Mira? No. Stiller and Mira and Mira. Oh
V. Will Smith 35 Kevin Costard 29. Yeah fact and Mira reminded me a little bit of the
nanny. Oh, friend dresser. Yeah. Same kind of. Oi. Kevin Costard 29. Kiano Reeves 26. That
was your choice. Toronto girl. I'm boy. Slice the lone 18 Eddie Murphy 14. George Clooney 14.
Robert Downey Jr. 13. No relation to Ray Fisher Jr. or Joe Marsh Jr. Or George Napolitano
Jr. How about that Anthony? By the way, kick an asshole. Anthony right? He's doing it.
You know, Anthony Napolitano. Maybe. How about Brendan Gibbons? Brandon? No. John
Travolta 8. Mel Gibbons. Gibson 8. Vin Diesel 6. Tom Hanks 6. Russell Crow 5. Tommy Cruz
3. Brendan Fraser 2. And Ben Affleck don't have any. Wow. Nobody gets nauseous looking at
Ben. Now wasn't he married to Jennifer Lopez to J. Lo? I don't know if they were married
but yeah they were together. Supposedly. What do you mean they were together? They were
dating. I don't know if they ever got married. Yeah. Think they did for about five minutes.
She marries all those guys like Mark Anthony. Yeah. Oh my God. What a screamer. And can he sing?
No. Not a lick. And he's not even a good looking. No. He's gross and he can't sing. That's
what he kind of likes. In fact, he could be the fourth Jonas brother. Can't sing a lick.
Mark Anthony. Yeah. Whatever happened to Luis Miguel. So he's still around. Is he still making
a big hits on Aradio Amor? I think he just played the AAA not too long ago. You did? Yeah,
maybe six months ago. That was not 150 points. How Apple will kill satellite radio this summer?
This is from somebody computer world. Satellite radio will die soon anyway but Apple will
accidentally perform a mercy killing a mercy killing of serious XM this summer. That is if the rumors
are true and they probably are it says. The first rumor is that Apple will ship in June or July
new iPhone and new iPod touch both of which contain a brand new Broadcom chip that will give
the gadgets 802.11 wireless that would boost Wi-Fi but even more interestingly enable the devices
to broadcast music to any car stereo via FM. Users simply set their car radius to the station
that the iPhone or iPod is broadcasting on and they can play over car speakers whatever the iPhone
is playing. Wow. The feature would only enable would enable only buyers of new iPhones and new
iPod touches to play audio in any car with an FM radio. Wow. Yeah, that's the end. That is
definitely the end of serious that satellite. The second rumors that both devices will get stereo
Bluetooth audio streaming that would enable anyone with a car sound system that supports Bluetooth
to play iPhone and iPod touch audio wirelessly. Although users of this feature would require the
right kind of car stereo it would not require a new iPhone or iPod touch current devices will be
able to take advantage of it. It's likely both of these rumors are true if so just about every iPhone
and iPod touch user will be able to easily play music podcast streaming audio other noise directly
but wirelessly from their gadgets. One of the most popular and fastest-growing application types
of iPhones is Pandora and it's ilk including iHeart Radio, Public Radio and other streaming services.
People are used to getting used to the idea of listening to exactly what they want to hear at
any time on their phones. So how does that change things for a serious XM? Tell me. First of all,
the company is hanging on by a thread. I published the numbers before suffice it to say that
Series XM has so much depth that only radical increases in subscribers could allow it to survive.
Only the opposite is happening. The company gets most of its new subscribers from new car buyers
who choose the satellite radio upgrade but because of the recession far fewer people are buying cars
and those who do buy cars aren't choosing upgrades like they used to.
Worse the company's financial problems mean there's no way they'll be able to afford
superstars like Howard Stern in the foreseeable future. The satellite radio proposition has always
been that you get superior radio but you have to pay a lot for it. Changes in the iPhone mean
that the best radio experience will be via iPhone and a no additional charge beyond what you're
going to pay for the phone and data anyway. Series just can't compete with that. Technology historians
will one day observe what is already becoming obvious using rockets and orbiting satellites to
deliver noise to car stereos is a terrible idea. How do you like that? You want to hear that last
sentence again using rockets and orbiting satellites to deliver noise to car stereos is a terrible idea.
It says it's just terrible. So there you go that's the final nail if they last that long like it says
which they might not. What are we going to do then? I don't know. Maybe some of the people will come
back to terrestrial radio. No. Not. And of course we'll have that new sticker by then you guys will
be down the street in our new studios and it's going to be glorious. Oh yeah. In fact I wouldn't be
surprised if Jolly Jobelle has a few glorious holes drilled around the building.
Now you're going to be in the building with kiss and power. Yeah. Yep. And you're vacating that
building the one with the turds floating in the hall. Yeah. If anybody tuned in late Jolly Jobe cleaned
up a bunch of floating turds in the hall this morning. Oh, no. Grab my junior honey.
I'm tying over here. White left down with a banana.
Love a rotten deal. Found that young devil hiding in her purse. He's cold and he's hard but he's got a pew.
I hope it never happens to you. Some fruit breaks your marriage into. My wife left the town with a banana.
My baby slipped by my way.
Oh, I'm a jealous man. She found us six inch Latin love. Now she does.
The thing of her right hand. And right now I could just die. He's eaten my banana cream.
Why my wife left down without banana. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping away.
My wife left town with Hank Goldberg. What a lucky ghost.
Found a little chubby hiding in a tent. No one wasn't. It was his overcoat.
I hope it never happens to you. Hank Goldberg breaks your ratings and I saved you the beer.
My wife left town with Hank Goldberg. My baby's slipping. The ratings aren't slipping.
The lightings aren't slipping today. I saved you the beer.
Okay, 1232 at 560 WDQ. That was a little inspiration to play both of those beside my eight.
I had a request for the first one. So I thought I'd through in the second one.
Now you want to hear something really dumb? Yes. Robert. Remember Robert with the email before?
That made no sense. Well, this one makes even little sense. Clarification.
When you did talk radio years ago, you were far more brilliant than today's choices and still are.
Stay on WQM but change your format to talk radio. Like I have something to do with what's on
the other 20 hours a day. Change your format to talk radio. This sounds like something that George
would write on it on one of his delusional days, which is like every day about changing the format.
Right. You should be doing the community a huge favor in filamuch, no, a much needed void.
Consider bringing up and come in a cold sandwich at WQM, whoever that is. She could do progressive
and local talks six to 10. You can stay in your tent at two. How about 10 to three? That chick is horrible.
Who's Nicole Sandler? She was part of the Air America team on wind. Terrible. Oh, so this is
another obscure America clown who thinks that we're going to do a liberal talk all day.
Yep. How about 10 to three? It says go for it. Yeah. Yeah. Just do whatever I want to do and put
on whoever I want. Yeah. You're an idiot, Robert. You're a mental midget. Mental midget.
I was big in a mental midget. Here's another one. Please start talking about how it's
during not being funny. I'll talk about whatever I want to talk about. How do you like that?
I love how radio guys feel to acknowledge how it's achievements. And I love how you and your co-host
both about never listening to Howard. I never said I've never listened to Howard. Neither did I.
I listened to me years ago when he was funny and so did Flea. Yeah, I've listened to him for the last
like three years. On serious? But I just canceled it. I just canceled my serious. Oh, no. Yeah.
You sound like idiots. Stern had the biggest audience head head. The biggest audience
in radio for decades. But I suppose it does me anything to someone like you. Yeah, it means something
to me. And I've given him a lot of credit, a lot of props for that for a long time. But the fact is
that's in the distant past. Distant past. Pay your respects because Stern is a better radio
guy and much more successful than you'll ever be. That's true in the last part. One more thing,
if you say that Stern isn't any funny anymore than what about you? You haven't been funny in years.
At least Stern still puts some effort into his show and is probably the hardest working guy in
radio today. How much prep work do you do for your show? None in a chose. It says don't make me choose
between you and Howard Stern. Don't make me choose. What does that mean? It means whatever. I've got
to kiss Howard's ass otherwise he's not going to keep listening. I'm not kissing Howard's ass. Okay.
To you. Here's one that asked me about Corvettes. And keep in mind I've had Corvettes for
22 years. Which I have two of them now. I have a 2004 which I have here and 2005 down there.
What year of Corvettes would you buy? Most reliable year. I mean what is that? I would buy in 2004 I guess.
But all my Corvettes have been reliable except one or two. I'm trying to think of the year they changed
the model. And then this particular one I didn't have it for long. The steering column would
lock up and you couldn't start the car. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. You get in the car
and you put the key in ignition and then and the steering column would just lock and it wouldn't move
and the car wouldn't start. You have to call you know triple A or whatever and sit there and wait
this happened about three or four times and I got rid of the car and they said oh well we I think
it was 86 86 now what's 86? I would get a 72. You get a what? 72 stingray. Well yeah how about a
67 stingray even better. I had a friend in Detroit at a 60 cents. I mean the only thing with those
cars is they see they felt when you when you rode in them they felt like sports cars right the
new vets they feel like fast Cadillacs for many years now they're fast as hell but they're very smooth
riding they don't they're not like bumpy ride. I'm like cars that feel like you're sitting your
ass on the highway you know what I mean? Right yeah they were a stiff ride that he's old a
stiff ride that's where I stiff kind of like George's new car you working on that with Jolly Joe?
No I'm not a part of that. Well why not? Because what can I do? I don't do sales.
Do you do promotions though? Yeah well maybe we can promote somebody promote George a new car okay?
I think that's shameless. Yeah shameless to tell somebody to their face a lie I mean they knew
they were going to lift their finger to do anything for him and they lie to his face and then behind
a back like oh we don't know who he is. George who? What kind of crap is that? That's your buddy
we're talking about the buddy your buddy that cleaned up the manure this morning in the hallway
right with his hands and his tongue. Oh what that's what you said. I didn't witness it though. You
said it was disgusting seeing his long tongue hanging out licking up the manure on the floor.
Yeah his breath is a little smelling. And I guess your guys aren't going to be kissing this
afternoon huh? No probably not. No kissing. I've been no good bye kiss at the end of the show. No.
No. Fidel says could you do a favor for an old altar boy to banana republic how about my left my wife left
home with a banana. Just played it and the I got the hangover what is the bonus? No it's the charge.
Much the charge Fidel. That was fun. Yeah. How's the hump we're doing by the way you seen him was he
at the ball game yesterday? I didn't see him though. No I'll be there now. Who did you see? What famous
people did you see besides Sid Rosencrantz? Nobody really famous. George Sennano was he there? I did not see
him. I saw him at old buddies from Zateda who is now the producer for Paul and Ron and Steve Brantzick.
Producer for Paul and Ron and they're highly weighted show yet what that bobbasher ain't making much of
an impact in this market is he? No. I mean the number is one up some in the morning but boy they're
kicking ass. Yeah. If he was taken away their audience they wouldn't have zoomed up to number one
or just be just decimated him in all the demos. And that's two months he's been on now you know
it's not like he's been on for five days. Right. Aren't as many Yehous and South voters are
like Ron and Ron. Yep. They were a huge in Tampa and failed here. Failed miserably and believe
me I know I was on the the Paxen IOD when they were doing mornings and when they were in Tampa they
had double digit shares like 20 share. Really? Yeah. Figures they'd pull 3,000 people out from
appearance. We pulled 5,000 people for an appearance and we didn't have any numbers. That's awesome.
We pulled 5,000 people out to the queerwater mall. Me and Lassiter and Rick and Spud and Randy.
If I'm lying you're dying. I'm telling you right now we pulled 5,000 people out there by count.
That used to be a great mall too huh? That used to be a great mall. Well it was. It was when we were
there it was great. All them right next they claimed they loved this but they I guess they wouldn't
put it down in the diaries. You know I made a little a little ripple in one book or one month or
whatever and then that was the end of it. And then when Randy started doing her dyke talk you know one
bag was enough in Tampa they could almost tolerate me. When she started doing her lezzy crap and talking
about oh what was that place not mine's weanest what's in the dollhouse? The dollhouse yeah.
They put us up at the hotel right across the street from the dollhouse. Yeah I think that's so good.
You know what? Yeah. Was she can find out at the dollhouse? Yeah. And then she started talking
that kind of crap on here. It's like all these are all a bunch of Jew fags from New York down in Miami
you know by way of Miami and they didn't want any part of us then lasted her turned on us like a
cornered rat. I don't remember what that was all about I just do remember he and then look what
happened to him you know. It's one thing about me. They're all gone. They turn on me and you meet a
wicked end old blambo. You remember lasted and you know him? Yeah I didn't know him but I used to
listen to you and him on s UN. Really? Yeah. And what about when he was on FLA? No. When he used to do
that really morbid depressing show that maybe you want to blow your brains out half way through the show.
A little accident and had to run from school but we're nearly finally came back. His friends
gave him a lit name of stinky chores. You felt each ride to make a John but you know we could
go to the old dead. They must be about this morning, Sagan the QM T-Room. Somebody had a real bad I guess last night.
A real bad blast. I did that once into Denny's in Orlando. Oh yeah? Yeah.
I'd had my cutlass. I was driving a cutlass back then 19 I don't know whatever you're
7980 and I had to go to Orlando because they recovered my car to pick up the car. So I had a friend
drive me to Orlando and we stopped at a Denny's right nearby. I knew where you had the car pick up
place you know. And I went in and took the usual dump and flushed the toilet and as I walked out
the door I could see the water coming under the door. You know I mean in other words the thing
had over it jammed up right jammed up in jelly tight and it overflowed and I paid my bill and got
out of there real fast I ran out of there I flew. You didn't tell anybody. What do you mean tell
anybody? I'm gonna say oh I just took a wicked dump in there and I plugged up the toilet that's
overflowing of course not would you? No, probably not. You wouldn't go and tell somebody oh get the
manager I just plugged up your toilet. I'd leave it on somebody else. Yeah you got an overflow
and of course back in those days Joe Bell wasn't around to clean it up so.
Tracy says Tracy and Kendall please add Billy Bob Thurnton to the pool. I'm submitting in this
way I trouble doing it through the pool suggestion link that's okay Tracy don't worry about it.
PS George has a great old picture of you too on his Facebook page. George has a Facebook page.
Oh yeah. Oh why? I don't know. What is? No comment. To reach his own. Oh here's one from Nicole
Sandler by way of the fake Tom Jicca. You ready? Okay. Hi again Tom. Now that I've had a few minutes
to decompress after my shoe on Air America today I wanted to reach out and see if you thought there
might be a story here. Since being let go from WINZ I've been podcasting and blogging at
www.radio or not.com. You can go back to the archives and see how I resurrected the podcast. I'd
started a few years earlier to share interviews with musical artists for my days in radio as my new
media station. Hmm. I've been going on stuff since that day in August and been getting great
feedback only locally but from not only locally but the listeners around the country. You said
she sucks right? Yeah. Really bad. Real bad. Boring is hell and thinks she's funny but so not.
Oh that's the worst. In fact I was just named by Talkers magazine in their Frontier 50
selection about standing talk media webcasters which is a great honor. I've also been a regular
fill in a host on SkiRamer for radio where I've been yes toasted for Tom Hartman, Rachel Maddow,
Ron Reagan, Ron Kuby and most recently in the new to three slot which was Tom Hartman shown
to lead jump to dog global for syndication. After the WINZ flip by decided to focus more on my
radio or not.com podcast to self-flow to issues as there's really no one addressing the needs of
former WINZ listeners. The needs of the former I&Z listeners like Robert would say.
You know what their biggest need is? Mental health. I devoted the first hour of my
Air America show today to loss of WINZ. The audio is linked here so you can listen and
spoke about how all the shows that the people of South Florida now missing are still available.
It just takes a little more effort to hear them. Yeah. But it's my belief that I'm on the cutting
edge of what will in the very near future be as simple as pushing the button to listen any local
radio station is today. For now though we'll have to work a little harder to hear them.
They have that button already. It's called a snooze button. Yeah. Just a few other facts and
figures you might not be aware of. In the latest ratings WINZ had a 1.6 year share 12 plus.
Yeah people really pay attention to 12 plus WQM had a 1.3. Waxi had a 0.9 and the rest of the
sports stations didn't register unless they're all grouped under WFDL which shows with a 0.6.
The argument that WINZ management makes about the ratings is nonsense as are the reasons they
give on their website and the letter for management that looks have been written by a fourth grader.
It just like this email Nicole. Anyway I thought all of this might give you some fodder for a story
about the loss of progressive talking South Florida and how I'm still talking about things happening
here that the facts are already or not. What do you think? Thanks for thinking about it best.
Nicole Sandler sent to the fake Tom Jicke. Well I think what clear channel did is they saw
the numbers from the progressive radio stations that were already in the people meter markets and
saw that it went way down. Really? Yep. I'll be damned. Also from the fake Tom Jicke there's been
talk about Ed Kaplan doing nights on WINZ waiting to hear back from Ed to confirm the rumors.
Is that extremely I mean you know all the best to Ed he's a good guy but is that significant?
No. No. See nighttime radio once upon a time way back when in the Alan Courtney and the
Neal Rogers nighttime days and Wischner and Bill Calder nighttime radio in this market used to be
heavy duty. Big numbers. And then it kind of like faded into obscurity. Right. Like nobody listens
to radio at night. AMFMPM shortwave. And that's just the way it is. Although Eddie K got really
screwed badly in this stage but he wasn't the only one but he got screwed badly by your good close
personal buddy there. I like Eddie. He's a good guy and for those you know all those professional
gamblers he had a good show for them. Yeah. Numbers haven't been as good since. Numbers haven't
been as good. Talk about an understatement. How can you do it worse than a oh that oh point oh.
Remember that one trend we're in one hour there like 10 to 11 pm with a point oh nobody listening.
Yep. Nobody not not minimal not a small number no number. The thousand one 51 it's been in that
in that range like 140 to 180 all day down. Oh the S&P is down Neal. Yeah. What are we going to do?
Roger Kaputnik's got a great suggestion here. It's a known fact that most people enjoy polka music.
Play a little polka for your lead-ins and you'll see big things start to happen for you friend.
Your pal Roger Roger Kaputnik the only uh polka that I've got and I think I just played it on Friday.
Dad I hear it. I remember back in the AOR days all over the road.
When I was a disjurkey remember those days and when you played middle of the road music one of the
things I guess that came in there was a polka music. Wow. Was it Miren Floren? Is that who it was?
I have no idea. I think Miren Floren was the accordion player in the Lawrence Welcomand the one or two one or two.
The fact that Lawrence welcomed me a lot of money pedaling his crap that should tell you you can sell any kind of crap you want.
My grandparents used to watch him every week. Lawrence Welcomand two.
And did they make you watch it too? Yeah of course. Oh no. And I listen to polka music because my uh my
family's from Pennsylvania open the mountains. Lot of polka music up there in Langhorn.
Here's one that says I know you like Chinese but better be careful of them first
that be heading and cannibalizing on the bus in Canada and not that shooting in Vinghamton.
Yeah be where the Chinese. Oh my god over the weekend at Woodbine there were these two middle
age like 50s Chinese guys. I have never in my life in my lifetime. It's smelt anything so
nauseating. They stunk like they hadn't seen a bar of soap in a hundred years.
And I kept trying to play a machine. I mean it was really quiet. It was really in the morning trying
to play as far as I couldn't. It didn't make any difference to smell. Wasted up and down the row of 14 machines
bond. You might say it's stunked woodbine this weekend and more ways than one. I mean I've been asking
that question for a million years and people just don't have the answer for it. Is it like in the
pigment of their skin like the Indians with a curry thing or is it just they don't bathe? I think I
don't bathe. Oh god I have never smelled anything. I was swooning. Swooning. And boy it emptied out of
that row real fast. Wow. Here's one from Jackie. Good morning Neil and Flea. I hope you're feeling
better soon. Have an ad to the pole. Jack Black. Great job yesterday Flea. Who's Jack Black? Jack Black
he's a comedian. Never heard of never seen him. But if you want to put him on there go ahead.
Go ahead. He was in Nacho Libre and a couple of other bad movies. He was in that one way. He
was in that movie. What was it? Tropical Thunder, Tropical Thunder with Robert Downey Jr. And
you've never seen Ben Stiller. Oh you're going to we're even laughing at yourself when you hear this.
George not our George but a listener George sends me a thing about average salaries
in this business and others whatever. Well I'm printing that out. Which of these teneless
overrated actors makes you ill to look at. We got 520 votes. That's not too bad for a
pull. It started during the show or before the show or whatever. Will Ferrell 89 Adam Sandler 70
Martin Lawrence 59 John Kerr Jim Carrey 49 Ben Stiller 40 Will Smith 35 Kevin Costeer 29
Kanna Reeves 27 sliced the low 21 after that small potatoes. All right let's see what we got.
From Best Radio Jobs.com we found the average DJ radio salary and other radio personality
salaries compared the average radio salaries from a producer salary to a radio host salary,
radio technician salary even a radio sale salary. We compared radio salary stats of radio
personalities from across the country. We compiled salary surveys from a few different places and
came up with the average salary. These statistics are the latest available 2008. Radio Job
salaries talks your host 46,500. Wow PD 48,020 DJ 32 grand account executive sales hole 35 grand
traffic manager 31 grand which we don't have on afternoon draft production director 33 grand
station news director 36 grand we don't have one we don't do news news reporter 258 news anchor 35
grand news producer 29 grand sports anchor 31 grand and sports reporter 21 grand.
How do you like that? That's pathetic.
And maybe they took the survey like in Pahokie, Des Moines, and Amokalee.
So I wonder why I'm coming back to the stage. It's been so many years a lot of things have changed.
Can you hear me try to sing? And it sounds really late. You'll feel cheated. You'll feel cheated.
When I move my gun I just fall on my can. He listen to what he'll be doing.
Some fans in my show will be leading us dance and you'll cheat it.
They won't want me there. They'll feel cheated. I leave you my guns. I'll see you.
Sure you won't like it. Leave it. I'll share. That's where I'll be.
I'll try to split. Feel cheated. You'll feel cheated.
101 at 560 WQM is Neil and Lee flea is with us today because George is on vacation.
And I'm back. I'm here. Although here's flea.
Hey listen, that's a bad thing to do like yesterday when you show that you can pick up the
the thing, the reins of the horat haas. Yep.
I don't know. Moments notice because you know me. In fact, I'm going to
Joyce here during the next break. Don't let me forget. I got to rejoice. Okay.
Joyce and rejoice. Oh, happy day. Oh, how do you now?
I was not doing too good today, but who the hell cares? You know, everybody's out of work.
President Obama's in Iraq. I think that's probably going to be the big headline of newspaper.
Schwarzer in Iraq. I think it's a little unusual. Yeah. I know you didn't respond to that, but
when you go to like Islamic countries, are there a lot of dark folks do you think? No, I don't think so.
I mean, are there any? I know like in Hellstinky when I went to Hellstinky, there were like no black people.
I'm like going to Seattle, I guess. Or Vancouver. Yeah. A lot of
Vancouver. You ever been to Vancouver? Love Vancouver. I would move there for once. I called. Oh,
boy. Stayed at the open hotel. I don't do well in cold weather.
Well, ain't so warm here today. Let me tell you that right now, Mr. But I love Vancouver.
I loves it. Minus two right now. It's going to get all the way up to zero today. 32. Wow.
And it's so a little bit overnight. I'm looking out. Don't look that bad. It's no little one or two
silly little centimeters. But don't you think it's getting a little bit late for snow already?
It's April 7th. Somebody should tell the damn whether people now that Dave DeVol. Finally
retired at the CTV news. 48 years he was on here. I watched the retirement celebration on Friday.
Wow. It was pretty emotional. And they had the bagpipe, the Scottish bagpipes in there.
Why is it that in Canada? Every time there's some big celebration or something, they bring in
a silly Scotsman with a bagpipes. Why do they do that? Don't you find that like silly?
Yes. Silly. It's part of that British thing that the connox just can't get cut it off.
Yeah, see they're playing bagpipes. I wish we could play that. We can't. I'd say there's about 30%
and as DCS that we can't play anymore. 30 or 40%. And during the breaks, every now and and I'll
like audition something. I'll listen to it because I haven't played it in years. And there'll be
a or something in there. And all you can't play that, you know. Yeah, it's ridiculous.
The Nasda 162. Oh, and here's the guy that looks like a chipmunk on CNN.
This is what you can expect to see. If you take a look at this. It's not really a bad looking
guy, but it looks like he's got chestnuts in his cheeks or some kind of nuts in his cheeks.
Yeah, you know the guy I'm talking about? You're talking about his chin. Yeah. Yeah, and he's also
got that that Tom Brady like chin. Tom Brady's got a chin like that. Only Tom Brady is a little
better looking than he is. Yeah, he always looks like he's got like a mouthful of something. I don't
want to say what? But nevertheless, Tom Brady's doing pretty good with that Giselle with his new
wifey. Yeah, he's doing okay. Who is it that says wifey? Oh, that's a Ashton Kuchikou. He
refers to Dami more as the wifey. Oh, God. How childish. Yeah. What? They're both annoying. Yeah,
they are. George has a Facebook page to see and test with real people says this idiotic email.
Very different from my space from the fake chicken neck that says yeah, uh-huh. Whoa.
Like you said, people try to be funny who aren't. I've always said and I'll say it again.
There are a few things in a world worse than people try to be funny or not.
Oh, look at this. Here's a lot of shoddick. I'm not I'm not touching that one. It's about clearance
in the wedding ring. I'm not touching that. Oh, yeah. And by the way, Steve Ziggler, I got your I don't
know why you keep sending me this. A radio friend remembers Mr. Radio Paul Harvey and it's got this
picture of Paul Harvey in the old IOD studios and the long story. There's Steve Ziggler.
Who evidently lost a lot of weight. Boy, he used to be a fat head and a fat guy and a
picture of Steve in Venice Florida where he's retired. He was an IOD engineer. Wow, Venice.
He's in Venice. Yeah, what a place to retire. I've driven through it many, many a time. Yeah,
on the way to Tampa. Now, when you would drive to Tampa, he I discovered there's that the little
off the alley. I forget the name of the road. What number it is? 41? That could be it.
That goes up a connects with them 75. Right. I think that's 41 cuts off that whole left hand corner,
you know. And you can fly on that thing, man. You can really zoom along.
And I bet you that cuts about 20, 30 minutes off the trip, the drive over there.
Am I right? Yes. Sounds about right. And then of course, there's also the drive up there. You
can go up 27 and take your life in your hands up around the lake. Oh, yeah, forget that.
And what's that town where they got that German restaurant? They have a German buffet and it's
in a little Avan Park, is that it? Avan Park? A little town. Avan Park is the lake. Avan Park is
closer to Orlando, I believe. I'm telling you, you go through Avan Park. If you go through 27 on a
way to Tampa. Yeah. Okay. You don't go near Orlando if you're like driving up there. Unless
you're going straight up 75. Somebody will know you're obviously confused for a guy that's from Tampa.
You're obviously very confused. Yeah. Avan Park. Yes, it's nestled in central Florida. It says Avan Park.
Nestled my ass. State road 64. Right. You don't go through 27. Get out of here. Meg.
As the goddess would say, by the way, how's her new show doing? That is none of your hair.
Why do you're smircling? But there's a lot of people in this business who are no longer on the air.
I had a dream last night about this business. And I dreamed I'm always have nightmares about this
business rightfully. So, and I dreamed that Bill O'Reilly was the guest in my show and I forgot his
first name. Is that incredible or what? Yes. And if US 27, I think, would take you up past Avan Park.
Right. Yeah. No, not past Avan Park through Avan Park. Yes, through it. It goes right through the
heart of that metropolis. And if you Google Avan Park, I'm sure that it'll have like a list of
restaurants and joints and places. And of course, it might not be there anymore. It's been a hundred
years since I've made that drive. But there was a German restaurant Avan Park that was like a buffet.
And I always made it a point to stop there. Am I drives up there? See one great thing about the
highways in the US as opposed to like here. When you get on the interstate or any highway, even like
27, every few miles, there's like another pit stop. You know, they're like fast food joints and
gas stations. And there's places for you to do your bodily functions. I'm looking at the population
of Avan Park, 8,879 people. How much? 8,879. Kind of like the town where I went to high school,
Canada, they went to York, 10,000 people. I don't know what you're laughing about. You laughing at Avan
Park? It's a little small. You better watch it. Avan Park, somebody's got to come down from there
and give you what for if you don't watch it. Now, it's a gotta list of the restaurants and stuff,
the great tourist attractions. I'm trying to find out right now.
Because generally when you find the websites that these little towns that give you like the
motels and the hotels and the... It's not Dutchers Diner, is it? What is it? Dutchers Diner. I don't know.
Does it have a description? Dutchers Diner is a delightful restaurant which offers a
tantalizing selection of well-prepared continental and American dishes. That's probably not it. No.
German buffet. I didn't dream this. I'm smelling it right now. Maybe somebody will send us a message
on an email. You think? Maybe I was down 173. It's not looking too good. I gotta get my teeth
clean this afternoon. Oh, I hate that. Don't you hate having your teeth cleaned? Yes. They butcher you.
They take great joy and just butchering you up. The road you're talking about is
bloody 29 SR 29. Yeah, that's it. State road 29. That's the one that cuts off the corner there.
And you said it was 41 or something. Well, it turns into like three different. It's US 27. There's
like three things that go into one. Ellen was the old radio groupie, Chuck Zink, Larry King,
Bill Calder, among others. What does that mean? Ellen, what is he talking about? I don't know.
This is the fake Larry King who sends me a bunch of silly articles. I have no idea.
They're just getting incoherent now. Not sure if you got my email. My server was down.
Please give George a permanent vacation he deserves it. Anyway, you could save the station some money
by playing. Play a couple of bucks and believe me, we would love it.
What does that mean? They want you to replace George? I guess. Here is one from PR Ralph. Your correct
Avaan Park is on 2070 drive through it and the German restaurant is no longer there. Okay. That's
his own another house in Avaan Park. Well, I'll be damned Puerto Rican in Avaan Park.
Well, we can find that out. And the population population of 8,000. He's the one Puerto Rican, I'm sure.
No, for damn sure. And when he moved in that German restaurant closed right down. And now all
of a sudden the pressure is off. I don't have to choice anymore. That's good. I sure hope I don't have
that pressure come back when I'm sitting in the dentist here getting my teeth clean. Oh, that would
be really bad. Never had that happen. No. I've had to pee every once in a great while. Say,
oh, by the way, can I go, you know, give me a pee break because they got their own
toilet there in the dentist. I haven't really get that. I'd rather go to the dentist for like dental
work, you know, like to remove a filling or or something than to get my teeth clean. I just despise it.
And I bleed like a stuck pig. You know, and I'm doing all the, oh, you need a floss more.
It's good for your heart. That's right. That's that's the good piece of advice from this radio show
to the whole audience out there. Heart health is dependent in some part in a big part on mouth
hygiene. Kill them germs, baby. Floss and do stuff brush brush and floss. I got me a big bottle of
citrus or a listerine the other day after I heard that on the news. Gargling and flushing and flashing
and douching. Douch your mouth. Funny. We can say douch your mouth, but we can't say, you know,
the backward. Yeah. Send a bag, Joyce.
You're a kid, baby. Hey, you're spent here for the sham out. A towel that soaks up anything.
You won't believe this friggin' towel. Soaks up water, milk, coolate, hook a blood, your own blood
after a hook of bite's in tongue. The tears that you can't stop shedding once you realize that your
career's over before it ever really started. Soat up everything. The sham out. Call now because you
know we can't do this all day. We're busy waiting for our lawyers to get to the station so we can
tell the cops exactly what happened. I'm Vince for the sham out. My life is over. Order now.
My Vince. So what do you think of Vince the sham wild guy? He's annoying. Is he really? Yeah,
and I stole his the police mug shot. Wow. Yeah. He did not look good. Didn't look good there. Yeah.
Look like you look at that. You think, wow. You think bam, wow. Here's one from somebody. Melissa,
hands down. Please the way to go when you can for whatever reason, except for his bad taste of music.
And sometimes juvenile Tony's far more entertaining than George. See, George's on vacation is
weakened. So these people as usual backstabbers take the opportunity to rip them and ask why you're
there now and suck up to you. Yep. And I am juvenile. So you are what? I'm juvenile. Well, I know that.
He's no you, but he's an upgrade from George. Anything is better than nothing. Nothing equal George.
He says, wow. Nasty. Yeah. Mean, Melissa. What's flea's real name? Lee. You are doing him at the
service, but not referring to his talent name. Help a flea out, man. Help a flea out. What does that mean?
I don't know. Incoming. George has more experience, but he sometimes tries to do your chicken. Stick,
chic, and it doesn't come off well. I don't know. George has a 50 year old producer loser. The
year he spent next to the master hasn't sunk in. It's like if he was wearing earplugs the last 20
years he's been with you. Please do a poll. If you dare, who would be rather listen to if Niel is out?
Tapes, George, flea, what's his name? Dead air or guilty or flea in George as a team? Not the
George show with flea chiming and equal time for both bastards. Regards, Melissa. Hey, Melissa,
quit being so. Oh, brother. I'm so glad to be gay and old queen. Nasty, hateful women.
Sours like that like Melissa. Hateful. I mean, she kissed your ass a lot, but nevertheless.
Yeah, I like George. So I like George. So I take a shot at him. I don't think that's cool.
You don't say that with any conviction. You say they're like, you know, not
tutously. No, for sure. George is my friend and I think he does a good job. He doesn't do your
stick when he's on the air. It's completely different. No, I think it's I don't know what he, you know,
something when you when you filled in yesterday when I was a Ellen and when George fills in when I'm
on vacation or whatever or sick, I don't listen. Right. And I have confidence that, you know, the four
hours we'll get taken care of and everything will be fine. And I don't listen. I don't really care.
I don't I don't give instructions. Oh, I'll do this and don't do that. Do whatever you want.
Just do the best you can like I do every day. I do the best I can. And this business about show
prep. Oh my God. When I was doing all the bedtime stories and that crap, I would do hours of show
prep and look what it did for us. Nothing. Trying to force feed to the audience stuff they don't want
to hear. And just like the thing with the phone calls, I don't care what anybody says. The calls are
over. For me anyway, George can take all the calls he wants, more power to him. Have a good time.
Not for me. Some things run near course and that ran its course. I'm your friend. Hi, Ron. I mean,
after the first 50,000 of those and, ah, George is gay. After the first 400,000 of those, that's it.
It's been tough enough just to keep the emails going today for whatever reason. They've been great.
I don't know why. Maybe it's because you're here. Do you think? Because they hate George.
See, there's another good to it. It's cheap shot. You're taking it. George. Sorry.
Anyway, Sean says for your information, there was a population of black people in southern Iraq.
They were brought there as get this slaves. Boy, poor dark folks just can't catch a break no matter where it is.
You know, no, cannot catch a break. Greg says, think you're referring to a restaurant in Lake Wales,
which is a few miles north of Avon Park on US 27. So it'd be on a way to Tampa on a way up there around the lake.
The road that cuts off the corner in Southwest Florida is highway 29. That is correct,
which goes from alligator rally through a mockery to highway 82, which reconnects with the 75 near
four Myers. That is absolutely correct. Greg, thank you. And you were giving me what were you giving me?
A bunch of baloney a little bit. You better get back and research your Tampa Roots, Mr.
because you sure lost contact. It's been a one 41 is like up north. That's like if when you get up
north to almost Orlando and then you go across 41 to Tampa. Like 41 goes through Sarasota.
You know, I worked in Sarasota in 1973. Really? I worked at Sarasota. It was the PD in a morning guy.
I worked at WSR's either. Did you? Yeah. What was that? It was a town 40 station for a little while and
then went to oldies. WDW SPB on City Island. You remember City Island? Oh yeah. And there was the
Columbia restaurant with the sangria. Oh, that was good. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Isn't even the
word for it. It was fabulous. And they sang. Grea was I'm not a big drinker as you know,
maybe or maybe not know. But I heard the sangria fabulous and the salad that they have there too.
The shallot. Yeah, the shallot is really good. Larry King says I love the new format. Yeah,
sure, Larry. Gave free the 2 p.m. Shift. Let the big overtake over the dolphin tonight. You're
on St. Kimba home. That sounds like a winning combination. Flea 2 to 4. What do you say? I'll do it.
You would. Yeah. There you go. There you go, Joe. Won't have to be cleaning up turds in the hallway
if you put flea on there. Turned before and stick the big O in there like 7 to 8.
Got to be an improvement over the wooden soldier we got in there now. My God. What? Has Bill
camper got the naked pictures or what? He's got to have. Yeah, I don't know. That would be a really
good poll question. Who has less personality? Kim, a book camper or Joe's a gaki or a cigar's
their Indian? That was down 192 points. It's getting close to 200 on the negative side. Not good.
And the headline they're showing their glimmers of recovery recover my ass. God, glimmers of recovery.
Chef Sparky who's a chronic or I think I've blocked them several times. What's up Neil? Good to have
you back in the saddle. Just a way in on the show yesterday. Flea did an excellent job,
especially with no phones or emails. You didn't even do any emails? No. No phones? Nope. Well,
just but you had the Zach. Yeah. That's Zach and I had quarters for a while. And Josh, Josh
Cortis. Yeah. Pretty bad ass dude, meaning you. He does, however, sound exactly like Josh
Cortis. Sometimes I can't tell who's speaking. I don't think you sound anything like Josh Cortis.
No, I don't think so either. Quick question. Have you noticed in the term ass clown being used
frequently on QA recently? Where did that come from? It came from the fact that we can't say the
whole word. So we decided to say ass clown. I know the Schmidt mice to use that term for years now.
Thank you, sir. Yes, Chef Sparky. We still have from the Schmidt mice. I steal everything,
especially from Ron and Old Paul. Yeah. They still do the Toronto weather on the shore or what? I
don't listen. I don't know. And you know, the interesting part of it is with all the emails that
have come in today, other than the fake Tom Jicke. All the other fakes have disappeared.
Other than the fake bridge, I guess in the fake time, Jicke. And the fake Larry King, like I said,
they haven't all disappeared. And the fake Greg Budella had one that I deleted right away.
Oh my God, the blopster, Bob Lasseter from the graves said, Lee is a great addition to your show.
He's a real person, not a surly, male content like George. I did not turn on, I did not turn on you.
You turned on me because I dared to rip the goddess for leaving a messy studio. The bird said in
all that week you were here, I thought it was fun. It was fun. Tell me he's a young punk. He should
have heard the WFLA days. Battle of the talk show host. Yeah, that he stole from me. I did that in
Miami at WS News. And he stole the battle of the talk host. And Mr. Rigo stole it.
With Ted Webb and Dick Norman have alive debate in the tobacco company restaurant tapas as the blob. Wow.
Even the dead can't leave you alone. Oh, here is Bill Chase. As I think you might be talking about
Shalaisu Zan. It's been there since 1931. It's actually in Lake Wales, which is only about 11 miles from
Avon Park. I've been through the area several times over the last few years. I can't think of any German
places in Avon Park. Shalaisu Zan, is that's how like a German, I know it's a German restaurant.
Oh, here, please send us to lead the play on the air. It's from Blob, again, it's got a link which I immediately
delete. No links, no attachments. Bye-bye. Just amazing the amount of time people waste sending me
links and attachments. How many times, how many million times have I said on the air? I don't open
those. I delete them immediately if not sooner. And by the way, whatever happened to the big
Simist with a conflict or virus, did you get any fallout from that? No, I got nothing. I never read
any more about it. I didn't see anybody like blowing their brains out over it. I think it was a
big April Fool stunt and everybody in the meeting got like a sucker-din. Oh, me! Holy cow.
Hi, y'all. It's me, Brittany Spears, with an all-new blog update. And in order to change my ways,
I've recently become more involved in charity work, as given and listed the help of my pastor.
He's here with me now. He's my spiritual God, y'all. Yes, Ms. Spears. The Lord works in mysterious ways.
And right now, he's telling me that you're f***ing hanging out. What? That's so cool. You speak to the Lord?
Awesome. I'm excuse me, Brittany. The blind children of America charity are working with sent one of
their contest winners here for a meet and greet. Well, send them in. Okay, cool. Hi there, nice to meet you.
Wow, you're such a cute little blind person. Whoa, whoa, is your f***ing out?
Oh, hold on. Wow, how did you know? Oh, I can tell. Trust me. Hello, well. All right, I've got to get
back to my path of self-discovery. Until next time, T.C. Why, y'all? Oh, she's got a lot of hanging out
going on. Oh, yeah, that bitch. It's a 131AQM. I'm running out of voice here. I think I still have
left over from that cold last week. Maybe it's like something fatal. Hopefully. Do you ever have
any moments when you just wish you were dead? No. No? Oh, you will someday. When you get to be an
old cute like me, there'll be days when you'd be like laying in bed thinking, God, I wish I could just
close my eyes and be dead. Who be doobie says, for your information, there are other phones out there
that have streaming radio other than the iPhone. Nokia has it plus the keyboard and email like
Blackberry. So you can listen to any radio stream from anywhere, wherever you go. How do you like that?
Wherever you go, whatever you know, David in South Beach says, please ask Lee. If he worked in
the FM station for miles around 1996, 97, I lived there for only six months, thank God, because the
place is horrible. But nothing but red necks and blue-haired snowbirds. Yep, I did work there.
But I got to hang out a little bit with a radio personality and the voice identical to flea.
That's me. Did you hang out with Dave? Probably. Yeah, I worked in for my hours for the beastly station
down there for three years. David Trafton, sounds right? Sure. He was a pretty good guy from one of
my members says, Lee, was this you? That's me. If so, what happened to your on-air career says
David in South Beach? This is it. Yeah. What you hear is what you get. Yeah. You might as well ask me,
what happened to your on-air career? This is a I worked with Joe Bell who cleans up turds with his
fingers. In tongue. And tongue. You said that. I didn't say that. And tongue. And they probably came
from his. Oh, that's them. Yeah. When surprised me. Jason says chronic Jason,
flea did a good job yesterday. The first half of the show was okay. The guy who was with beast,
no, not the beast, it was Zach. Yeah. Did not have a great rapport with flea. It says,
did you not have a good rapport with Zach? It was okay. He was kind of working on his computer a
little bit too. So, well, what do you mean by that? Maybe it wasn't paying attention all the time.
Oh my God. This from fat Zach. The second half when flea was with Josh was much better. Yeah.
They worked off each other well. It was enjoyable. See, you hear that? Yeah. That's a shot at you,
Zach. And of course, Zach destroyed the Joe Rosha with those guests with the Ira Windbag
again this morning. Oh, and with that Drew Rosenstein. Oh, don't even get me started.
Well, you're the assistant PD. Why don't you put your foot down, Mr. Hodg John? Why don't you stop
with these horrible guests on these sports talk shows? I scream at the top of my lungs to not
really say. Oh, you don't know what you're talking about. People love Drew Rosha. Now,
it's not so great if he ever said anything, but he doesn't say anything. All he does is kiss his
clients ass. Yeah. That's all that does. It's horrible. And who overrules you, clearance? Yeah.
And can I say, who cares how he's doing with the ladies? Yeah. Oh, who cares who any of these
guys are doing with the ladies? Okay. The very conjuring up the image of it is so nauseating through
Rosenstein, cramps with the ladies. Yeah. Terrible. Since I get flee a lot of credit, he pulled it
off with no notice, no phones, no emails. And if they put, let me just add, if they put flee
in charge of programming, this place would go through the roof and we get rid of all those boring
turds that are speaking of turds in the hallway that are dragging our sports guys down,
dragging a whole station down. Clarence, clearance in the Joe, they must have naked pictures of them
together. As for the pool, Will Ferrell should not be in first. Anybody voting for him is not seen
Broadway, his Broadway HBO special. You're welcome, America. Farewell from George W. Bush.
Yeah. That was pretty funny. If you haven't seen this, you got to check it out.
Sorry to hear about your mischievous Mexican. You can take the Mexican out of Mexico,
but you can't take the Mexico out of the Mexican. That's right. In other words,
that's when I was looking for all the best Chester Copperpot. Jason, thanks, Jason. Some good points
there. Dow's down to four. Wow, hear that from flee. The Dow's down to four. I try to avoid those
depressing numbers. And the good news of it is speaking of Paco, he's in school today and he's
going to drive in school this evening and everything is copacetic for one day after a drunk and weekend.
I don't know if it's a Mexican thing so much, just a young punk thing. A little bit of both. Yeah.
Oh, a young punk Mexican put that together. What do you got? A drunk trouble. All weekend.
And then of course, when you're when you're wasted, what's the best thing you do go out drinking again?
Hollywood police say a man rammed his wife's car with her in it.
And guess what it was at? Where? A Hollywood restaurant fast food joint.
A Hollywood man was charged with aggravated assault. Sunday night after he rammed his truck
into his wife's car, saying crashing into a Taco Bell restaurant police said. Taco smell.
Maybe this is the guy who came by last night and used our facility and crapped all over the hallway.
Well, wouldn't you like to know who who did that? My bet is on the beast. The beast. Oh.
When Jeff Hyde was there, I'm going to tell you there were stories I got. Thank God I never saw them.
Of remnants on the wall on the wall. Oh my God. Are you looking at this story on CNN right now?
I missed it. Oh, VA patient test positive for HIV colonoscopy done with un-sterilized equipment. Oh, nice.
In the VA VA hospital. Yeah. Top quality care there for sure.
Anyway, this guy who rammed his wife's car with her in it. His wife who was in the car received minor injuries. Hollywood police
lieutenant Lieutenant Scott Pardon said, I beg your pardon. There's that one drop in.
In my home. In my bedroom where my wife sleeps. Where my children come and play with their toys.
James Curry 15 is right for arguing in their day to be. I'm about 9 a.m. Fearing her safety, the woman jumped into the car and drove to the Taco Bell at 2600 Sterling Road Pardon said.
Come fruit, move food. Maybe it says here question mark. This is from Cliff in Kendall. By the way, thanks, Cliff. He's another really good emailer.
Curry followed in the Chevy truck pardon said as his wife was parking, he intentionally crashed into her car, pushing it into the fast food restaurant, shattering two windows, then drove away.
Curry turned himself in about 8 p.m. Police did not identify his wife. How do you like that? He ran the car with her in it.
In the way, you'll Kierau Taco Bell. I still have an ear in there in maybe a year.
But I do like talking about it on the ear because it gets a lot of people aggravated. Oh, your taste is so bad.
All the way, we do go to Red Lobster every now and then. Aren't you proud of me? Yeah, that's good. I like Red Lobster.
And if anybody can knock that dessert, that chocolate wave, your taste is in your tuchus, okay?
That thing is just Brandon's got a pool idea. What type of restaurant is the best?
What type of restaurant is the best? Diner, fast food, Audit can eat buffet, cafe, casual dining, upscale fine dining, take out cafeteria only at home. The arc.
Oh, yeah, the arc. Are you going to start with that again? The arc? Have you ever eaten there? Yes. Yeah. Don't do it again. No. I'm sure you won't. No.
Brent Hadley, you know Brent Hadley. Yeah, he's the producer for Bubba the Love Spines. I went to high school with him and actually worked with him.
Oh, the acid is this. Can you give him a shout out? Yeah. Hey, Brent Hadley shout out. And another link, another air, last year air check. I'm not interested in no air checks from him or anybody else. Quit sending me the links. You stink with your link.
560 to be votes on a pool. It's not too shabby. And we got to do that horse thing again this Friday. Oh my God. Yeah, you've been in a slum lately.
Yeah. Last two weeks. Yeah. You do. Don't play me for the starting for the starter at Gulfstream. That was the one of the most horrendous starts I have ever seen.
What they're supposed to do. They're supposed to stand there and they hold the little button behind their back. And they wait until all the horses are like settled in until their heads are straight and they're ready to race.
And then they press the button and the gate opens. Well, my seven horse he just barely had gotten to the gate. There you go. And a way they go and he took a right turn out of the gate and lost many links and lost by length and a half.
And thank God that jack that jackball that has clowned Phil Ark hasn't sent any more emails. Oh, I told you the series. I gave you the six.
And the rest of it. Get the Hoover out the moon.
Tonight on out just zero. It's the Muslim world's number one sitcom. It's the Muslim world's only sitcom. Everybody loves Ramadan.
Starring Ray Romano as everybody's favorite radical cleric.
We've got to outside.
All.
All.
I mean, we're going to give you like five times what you paid for it. Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, I want you okay?
Thank you, so.
Brad Garrett as a Yada Lowe and I'll program piece deal that ensures US troops with Robert.
And Peter Boyle as the grand. I until the alley house his tiny holy wall. Everybody loves Ramadan. Hello,
cities. She likes. Hello, Ramadan. That's tonight and every night on November followed by two and a half strong man and CSI.
Sider city on Al Jazeera. We're going to walk.
We're in the eggs. Chea Obama. They got complaints of racism and so they acted from the shelf. Oh my God.
It was a chia pet with the Obama's head.
How do you like that? All these uptight people. I've actually the Obama's didn't care about. He's got a good sense of humor. Yeah.
565 votes on our poll. If fat Chris would have been here pushing it, we'd got over 600 minutes. Not too bad.
Which of these talentless overrated overrated actors make you most able to look at will.
Farrell 94 Adam Sanders 74. He is puke on two legs. Martin Lauren 61 Jim. Carrie 53. Ben stiller 40.
Will Smith 36. Ben still has biggest problem to Jewish. Kevin Costner 32. Kierner Reeves 29. Slice the loan 24.
Vin Diesel 16. Any Murphy 15. Don't see him around anymore. Thank God. You see him at all. Just in a bad Disney movies.
No, but I mean like on TV. No. Thank God. Robert Downey Jr. 15. George Clooney 15. Mel Gibson 14. Tommy Cruz 11. Tommy.
You fairy. How is the peepin Tommy? John Vultaton. Tom Hanks 7. Russell Crowe 6. Brendan Fraser 5. Jack Black 4. And Ben Affleck 3.
How to 5. 65. Wow. It's almost two o'clock. Can you believe that 14? Yeah. I would say the show flew by but that would be a lie.
You know, we got the big old coming up at two for one of his last shows. You think he's getting a little paranoid at all? Do you have any conversation with him?
Yeah, I talked him from time to time. No, I don't think so. He's oblivious to reality. Really? In other words, he thinks he's kicking ass.
Wait till that book comes out April 30. We get the hourlies. All I can say is. Oh my God. I just as hope all is well missed you yesterday.
Just to let you know that flea did a fine job except for the part where he talked about Puerto Rican saying CDs from rearview mirrors with a flag on them.
That's so 90s. We use stickers now. Okay. I said the stickers to you. Oh, Neil, you and Flea making good combo. But nobody can do it like George. Have a great day. This is Ida.
Well, there's one for George. Oh, and I left the dead people out at the beginning of the show. Tom Braden died in 92.
Former CI cooperative became calmness and talk show co-host. You remember Tom Braden? No. He was the really stiff dead on a chair.
He will back in. Remember the show Crossfire on CNN Crossfire. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was the liberal guy. Okay. For a long time until he realized that he was a dead man on the chair. Tom Braden.
I mean, he was author of eight is enough. Never knew that. Wow. He said, love that show. Yeah. I loved Willie games. Hey, Willie.
He died of natural causes Friday. His Denver home and his family city was 92.
Eight is enough was a 75 memoir that spawned the popular TV series with what's his name? Speaking of a hot young guys. His son, a Dick Van Patten. His son Vincent Van Patten who played tennis.
Yes. Vincent Patten. He also had that chin thing like they got to see it in. Yeah. But on him, it looked good though. He was probably the best looking male. Whoever was born. Vincent Van Patten. Wow.
He was in a movie with Linda Blair, which I can no George knows what it is, but you know, no.
Vincent Van Patten. You could Google it, but it's almost the end of the show. We don't want to waste time.
Braden was the father. A children who's missing, misadventures provided amusing grist for many of his newspaper comms and led to the ABC comedy drama. Eight is enough.
From 77 81 star Dick Van Patten is Tom Bradford, a Sacramento comis with the Bruder Children ages eight to 23. But Braden was also prominent as one of the original and stiff as a board.
He was the Kim Bo camper political talk on the original co host of Crossfire, the topical show that made this debut, need to and put it him against former Nixonate and political commentator Pat Buchanan.
I mean, there was no contest. The Liberals had no voice on that show because he was a dead man in the chair. He barely barely moved. You could barely tell he was breathing.
He was born in Green, Iowa, February 22, 1917. His mother was a writer for the American Mercury, the magazine founded by HL Mankin and drama critic George G. Nathan and Hellknight was the name of the movie.
Hellknight, that's it with Vincent Van Patten and Linda Blair. It's a cute movie. And Vince Van Patten is running around in his underwear doing most of the movie. That's why I remember well. I got to go out and get that events. Wow.
It was a pretty good tennis player too. He could whack it. And speaking of that, WPLG ABC 10 anchor Charles Perez, you know who that is? Yes.
Final petition and date then. Did you do this story? No. Final petition and date Kurt for an injunction for protection against his against domestic violence. Perez Perez 46 alleges his former partner Dennis Ricard, Opinia has stalked Arrest and threatened him and vowed to wreck his TV career. This is from the hero. Wait, he's gay.
Well, it's if it's his former partner, Richard sounds like it doesn't it? Maybe he used to be gay. Yeah, that's right. X gay. X Gay.
Pena 41 filed his own petition last Thursday for domestic violence and junction. It is Perez who threatened to him and insists adding that Perez's allegations are all alive. Perez has a lawyer Richard Milstein, Pena who says he's an unemployed paralegal represents himself.
Perez says in court papers that he and Pena began the relationship in February, oh, six in New York Perez was then a TV anchor at WABC 77. Oh, that's right TV.
When Perez accepted the channel 10 job, Pena moved with him to South Florida. They lived together till August, oh, eight.
Perez says there were a series of confrontations that included violent outburst by Pena. Perez claims Pena once warned, I will destroy you. I will destroy your career. He also probably said you ferry.
On March 16, Perez alleges in court papers, Pena hacked into his personal email, intercepting a confidential and sensitive email and then forwarding it to every single person on Perez's email address book.
Among those who received the email was Perez's attorney Milstein, Perez says Pena had enough personal information to obtain this password. Pena tells the hero I did not hack into his email.
The thousand two oh five, by the way, not good. The email in question was sent February 20 to a family therapist, NLA. Perez's petition says the email could cause substantial harm to his professional and personal reputation.
Perez also says Pena threatened threatening text messages last month. And I guarantee you one of those said something about you're indeed. You think maybe eight is enough.
What was that other or the movie was a paradise wasn't it? Williams and what's your name? Oh, yeah. Paradise. Mm hmm. What was your name? Joe Javitch Elena Joe Javitch. Let me see. Is that the one paradise with Williams and they were both running around naked. That was the follow up to what was the movie with Brooke shields and blue.
The blue the blue lagoon. Yeah, talk about how looking people running around naked. Well, Williams was on the celebrity fit club for a while too because you got fat celebrity. What celebrity celebrity fit club, which is on I think the.
Also want to show with what's his name from Happy days Charles in charge Charles in charge. What's his name? Scott by Scott. Scott, he bio window Williams. Yeah, William's and Scott.
But anyway, that's bad. Maybe does some deep neat bands. I don't know. So there you go. Charles Perez in Dennis Ricardo Pena, which I could have done something with that name there. But I don't want to do it.
Rabbis visit to Fort Lauderdale home called blessing and curse. There's a picture here. The grand reby. Michelle Mufayshi to a lowly. Rev I touch. They call him as in pain and talk us. I'll say that for tomorrow.
Don't let me forget that tomorrow. Okay about the reby. Okay. Will Ferrell wins our pool from the from the gift goes like a horse that breaks in front and wins air at every pool. Will Ferrell.
I thought he was like moderate is Bush. You know, not like really funny, but moderately amusing. Yeah. Like if we never saw him again, it might be much too soon.
Oh, yeah. It's day. If I have a town at five six. Oh, WQ. Oh, oh, God. I don't go in there. You hear my stomach? My boys.
I don't know.
People having homes from work late one night when they fall behind on the fast food line. They pulled in and gave their order to the girl.
And the next thing you know, they started to. This comic started to blow.
A burning inside that room. That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well. You're on the beanberry toe. It must have been the curse of the case of the. It's causing all this diarrhea.
But long of the sick are going to die. They just got a bad case. The be cold off.
From that go down. Let's come excited to blow. In that go hell. A burning inside that room. It had a smell. That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well. Well, the beanberry toe should have skipped the damn. It's a looper. You might not have made but super.
Next time you pass the sign, they know. Even though it's grilled. So it's good to go. Lots of people got sick and wish the day on the gun.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bottom. The pain from the crams. They felt deep in their gut. So next time they'll just go to pizza.
Not that go down. There's some excited to blow. From that go down. A burning inside that room. It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. From the beanberry toe.
To to to to.
To.
Bye bye bye.
