The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts guest of the haulers.
Oh, sorry, excuse me.
That guy.
It's Daft Abba's.
That was a bad story.
Got my voice back, though, I'm gonna go.
I'll see you later.
I'm gonna see you later.
Mother's dependent.
Great weekend, a lot of downhill.
Yeah?
Was it great?
It was pretty good.
It was fine.
It was a try.
Fine.
560 WQAM presents.
I'm gonna have any schedule by the way.
To Tom.
Do you have one?
670.
I don't have any there.
I'll go get one.
Oh my god.
It was 1005.
Oh my god.
No schedule.
I'm sure it's up on the wall at first.
How do we proceed?
As fast as trans is the highest range of us.
The opinion expressed by Neil.
We hope.
Or his rallies.
Do not rep.
143 points.
Let's start to the way.
But it'd be a great way for us and girls to watch your show.
Do you mind believe me?
No.
You QAM.
Oh!
Give home in the T.A.Y.S.U.C.K.S.
I'm looking for the ponds.
Oh yeah.
It's kind of a funny story.
I was invited over here for this big, secret international ponds smoking competition.
We all came out to get stoned for a way can be good time.
For 20 last resort while.
I'm so hurry and get high.
Take out your marijuana and pass the joint around.
Alright.
It makes you stupid but it's worth it.
I'll have fun.
Medical anyhow.
Smoke marijuana.
Higher than a kite.
Sit it again and hug.
Smoke marijuana.
I just heard the government a haklok coming.
So I can give me just no marijuana.
Yeah.
1002 at 560 WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
Here's the schedule.
I'm sorry we don't have one.
Maybe there's some changes on there.
I got it.
Me too.
That night time.
I got the hourlies here for the ratings.
Got some very bad news though.
You talked about it on Friday.
Our friend Ken Maldon passed away on Friday.
Yes.
Or Thursday is what he eat.
Here's the guy who was on the air in this market for a hundred years.
GBS.
This station.
And there's one sentence.
I guess that's an orbit.
Correct.
That's in the obituaries in the scum Sentinel.
That is correct.
Ken Maldon, 83 of Davey Florida passed away May 4, 2009, Neptune Society cremation.
That was the first thing I saw when I came back here yesterday afternoon.
I go to my emails.
And here's the email from Flea.
Who says it is with great sadness.
Everyone knows Ken Maldon has passed away.
We killed him here at QA.
And by the way, nice going, jolly.
I hope you're proud of yourself.
I mean, sure he was ill and he had problems.
But they put the final nails in his cremation urn.
Ken was a soft-loader radio legend.
One of the best men I've ever met since flea.
As soon as I get the information regarding his funeral, I'll pass it along.
I guess since it's going to be cremation, there isn't any funeral, right?
Right.
I don't know.
You don't have a ceremony with a cremation, do you?
You can, sure.
You can?
Sure, you can do anything you want.
And what do they do?
Just sprinkle the ashes around like, hey, everybody reach out and grab one or something like that?
Ken Maldon was not only one of the best people in this business I've ever known.
He was one of the best people I've ever known period in my life.
He was just a great guy.
Yep.
There can't be anybody in the universe, whatever, have a bad thing to say about Ken.
Nor did he have a bad thing to say about anybody else.
He was just a really good guy.
That's right.
He was rock solid.
When he was the PR guy for Biscayne Kennel Club, boy, he was really great to me, I'll tell you.
Anytime I wanted to go, there was dinner on the house and just always would come by and...
Stupendous guy Ken Maldon, they, you know, again, to save a few bucks.
How much could they have been paying him in this place?
Not a lot.
And so they blew him out.
He was one of the first to go in his latest purge.
But by the way, George, you still here?
Amazingly, yeah.
Yeah.
Until I'm...
We had a great book, by the way.
We had a great one.
We got some bonus money.
Oh, God, I'm going to kiss that check.
I'm going to kiss that check.
So you, all you radio and sports mavens like Tommy Jica and Barry Jackass, where's something about Ken Maldon in the newspaper?
Doesn't he deserve more than one line in the obituaries?
This is such a bush-league market, man.
It's just pathetic.
And I did hear the two stations when I was down there over the weekend.
Oh, my God.
The big...
Oh!
And the two children they had on across the street sounded like two little kids arguing about baseball.
Well, it's really tough if you really put your cancer of strikes.
It's really hard to win games.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Oh.
Really.
What kind of people, other than crazy, are listening to crap like that?
I mean, real pure unadelterated swill.
And here's the big old talking about...
I want revenge is one of the two favorites to the derby.
Meanwhile, an hour earlier, I heard on CNN, they scratched him.
He wasn't even in the race.
He wasn't even in the race.
He was scratched.
And we're talking about he's one of the two favorites for the derby.
Don't we have a sports wire?
Don't we have some contact with the outer world?
I mean...
Don't we have any embarrassment factor?
No, I already know the answer to that.
Here's the poll question from Friday.
What's your take on the Shwine flu?
And you notice what a good job I did?
Keeping the stories coming on there and keeping new polls coming?
There's nothing I want to put an extra burden on your ass.
Thank you.
I mean, you've got enough problems of your own ass.
Today's poll indicates, although they don't want you fired.
They don't want George fired and we had a big book.
Do you just fax me something?
I did.
Oh.
Oh, more than one page, no less.
Whoa.
Oh, it's a schedule.
Well, there's no change.
We got the big old two, mad dog at four.
Mad dog, almost was even with the labaster in this book.
He's closing the gap.
Dolphin 97, wait until 8-11.
Wait until you hear those numbers.
Wow!
Woo!
Is there any jockey in history?
Well, I don't want to say any, but I mean Calvin Borrell, that old toad.
You think now that he won two derbies in three years, he could afford to buy some teeth?
Somebody go buy him some fricking teeth, Calvin Borrell, that old toad.
God.
And after the race, he's just screaming.
He's embarrassing to me.
Maybe it's just me, I don't know.
You know, he's coming back with a horse to the winter circle.
You know, mommy and daddy in heaven and all this.
Oh, God, Calvin Borrell.
And the reason he passed the whole field on the railer is because they were going nowhere.
Thurberd racing is in deep crisis in case anybody has noticed.
I mean, just a bunch of nags.
But nonetheless, and I did give you the horse to finish second.
How do you like that?
A rat.
Prisoner of the Nile.
With the Garret Gomez, I picked him for second.
He finished second.
I want revenge with scratch.
So I had a good excuse.
Dave Johnson picked Regal Ransom.
I think he finished eighth, something like that.
Sorry, Dave.
Sorry, wrong number.
Oh, and I'm going to tell you about a restaurant that is so bad.
I've told you about it before when you people keep trying to talk me out of it.
So bad.
And why do you keep going back?
Because you keep telling me that I'm wrong.
And that if I would try this and try that, you're full of your taste.
Some of you people is in your tuxless, okay?
Here's the pull from Friday.
What's your take on this wine flu?
1112 votes.
Wow.
It must be because George was on Friday.
Or because it was on there for three days.
Oh.
Too much paranoia enough already, 605.
Yeah, that's what I would say.
Mm-hmm.
We still got one dead person, that little kid from Mexico in Texas who died.
And he had pre-existing health problems before he got the flu.
What's there not talking about very much?
Because that doesn't contribute to the panic factor.
Too much paranoia enough already, 605.
I ain't going to panic 190.
It'll be over no time, 101.
I feel a little sick.
I may have it.
60.
Most attention, Mexico's gotten in a long time, 59.
I've already got my face mask ready, 47.
I'm really scared, 28.
I haven't heard about it, 22.
Yeah.
It's likely stir.
I haven't heard about it.
They're in a cocoon somewhere.
They haven't heard about it.
They haven't heard that President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Can't stand people who say such crap.
Oh, a swine flu school reopens the one in New York, you know?
I mean, you're looking at such minuscule numbers around the world.
And it's just, oh, but it's so dangerous.
And they started out there at 152 dead people in Mexico.
Now it's 27.
It went from 152 to 7.
And now I think it's 27, something like that.
They have a little problem with the numbers in Mexico.
203 votes on today's poll.
Which personnel change should it occur on the show?
And George was all paranoid before the show said,
did anything go on?
I don't know about it.
I'm sure there's a lot going on there.
Neither one of us know about it.
It's got nothing to do with this poll.
Right.
And now we got this good book.
It's going to be kind of hard to blow anybody out on this one.
When we got this great book, yeah.
Yeah.
To you, your bill.
To you.
You're a funny guy.
No, I'm just telling you.
I know.
Don't change a thing.
85.
Keep George and add fleet of the show.
47.
Bring back Pat Chris.
18.
Fire George.
I don't care who replaces him.
17.
Fire everybody.
12.
Flea should be placed George.
George stays on his board op 10.
Isn't that nice?
Bring back Josh Corda.
6.
Flea should replace George.
George goes.
5.
And fire Neal.
3.
There you go.
I don't see any email from Jimmy Syphilis.
By the way, congratulating us on our big, big numbers in there.
Stephen Wellington says, did you see Hank on his fans?
Derby covered Saturday?
No.
He was absolutely baked.
All red faced and stumbling through every question.
It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion.
Hey, Stephen Wellington, that's bad.
Don't be picking on the thumper.
Although, I didn't see it anyway.
There is no...
There's nothing in the newspapers.
Ken Walden died.
He was 83, though.
I'm shocked at that.
Would you have thought he was in his 80s?
No, I thought 70 something, maybe.
Maybe like 72.
Sure.
Jack Kemp died.
I got the hourly.
I got all kinds of numbers here.
I got all kinds of stuff.
That's good.
It'll kill some really precious time.
And wait till you're the nighttime numbers.
One hour is a point.
Oh.
Look, I predicted.
And I tell you that.
Yes, you did.
When the five hours total have a 0.3,
one of the hours had to be an 0.0.
And guess what they got across the street?
From one till five in the morning in the overnight.
They got a 0.0.
Oh, wow.
It is just, is that, you know, what do we got?
We got a 0.9 from one to five a.
Now, what's IOD got from one to five a.m.?
Is it filled while they got in there?
They got a 20-year in men 25-54 from one to five in the morning.
Overnights.
They do?
20.
Let me say it again.
20.
Well, I mean, it's not like there's that many people listening.
No, I know.
One to five.
They've got a 20.2-year.
Wow.
Which doesn't, doesn't translate to a whole lot of people.
2200 average quarter hour people, but nevertheless,
if there are people listening to radio between one and five in the morning,
it's over there at IOD.
I wonder what they got on.
And I wonder when the new morning show is going to start across the street.
Steve White was on again this morning, flea tells us.
Stay tuned.
No morning show coming soon.
It's on their website.
Here's a radio station over there across the street
that can't put on a morning show.
They let sit the kid go, which means, you know,
they must have really been frothing at the mouth, forming.
And they got nobody to replace them.
They have no show put together yet.
And of course, from what we're hearing all the rumors is that they wanted
sit on it or go in there.
And he's given them a bunch of crap.
He's playing old-fashioned, hard-country, hardball, like Joe Dodgey-Olius to say.
Get old-fashioned country hardball.
Get that check.
Help a Joe Dodgey-Oliu will have ever been on the year, even to say hello.
Reminds me of some others.
Neon God.
It's giving some respect with you if the fellow draft.
And, how can you mind?
A group of men here that will jewel over other men.
And I'm here too.
What about me?
Yes, and of course the big old two were Lando Albert Gettie.
Oh, look at this size of that young fellow.
Sure, we'd like to see him spooning.
Here is my concern.
Oh, my concern is that you didn't interrupt me, sir.
I didn't interrupt you, Qtibhad.
Help.
Well, look, my primary concern is will this fine young man with beaded sweat dripping from his chin
address the needs of the organization?
You don't understand that, but no you don't understand.
Please, let me explain.
What?
I am a gentleman.
A fine and cultured squire who bibles wine.
Nobody cares about you.
It's all about fill-parsels.
And can I make a sandwich out of his old man body cheese?
Now, see here you fresh youngster.
I'm going to paddle you raw with my velvety hand.
I'd like to see a tri-contin but...
Hey, that was my belly.
Oh, fantasy baller.
Stop it.
Ow.
I hate you.
You hurt me.
I hate you.
So the answer is coast to coast with George Nuri is not overnight in IOD, a non-sports program.
Of course, he's the guy that replaced Art Bellen.
Right.
I hear he's out of this world.
And Steve from Wellington says not picking on the Humper Neal, I always like tank.
Tell Michael I always like them.
Okay.
Business, not personal.
Right.
Steve says I'm baked half the time myself but I don't have to appear on TV.
I'm just shocked that he has been put him out in that condition.
Do you believe the Humper was baked?
I don't believe it.
Maybe he got some sun.
Yeah, he probably was fried as opposed to baked.
Or whatever.
I think that what's his name?
What's the jockey again?
The old Calvin Borrell?
Ah!
Ah!
He just embarrases me.
I mean, just on a human being to subhuman being level.
Now, before we get to the ratings, there's a lot of numbers to give out here.
We've had some good ones.
The thing about flea, he's a Johnny cum lately in this market.
He doesn't understand it once upon a time.
Before his partner in crime, Joe Swell, came to town.
We always, for years and years and years and eons, had gigantic numbers in men numbers.
18 to 34, 2554.
We're number two in right 18 to 34.
We're tied for a second with power in 18 to 34, from 10 to 2.
We even used to get some good enough persons numbers.
And once upon a time, when we had ladies listening because it wasn't a sports station, but nevertheless,
Hey, listen, we got nothing complaining about.
We got some bonus money here.
Right.
Oh, no.
And we sure don't have a point like some hours to go out and the DA.
He has made a mark.
Of course, he's following a 0.5.
But when you're following a 0.5, you think you'd go up from there maybe?
No, where to go, but up, apparently.
Right. No. Well, guess again.
8 to a 7 to 8 pm, we've got a 0.5 share, 0.5 in men 25 to 54.
8 to 9 pm, we've got a 0.1, 9 to 10 pm, a 0.2, and 10 to 11 pm, we've got a 0.0.
11 in the mid-night, we got a 1.1.
So I guess DA, of course, he's buddies with the jolly Joe.
He brought him in here.
All his old buddies, Kenny Walker and all his old pals, he brought in to see how badly they could fail.
And boy, they sure didn't let him down.
The Kimmy and Blow morning show, they had a number.
And the big O didn't do as bad as you were saying.
You know, you're always picking on the big O.
Well, I did hear him Saturday morning, though, and it was just, it was abortive.
It was some of the worst caca I have ever heard in my life.
But never thought he had a 2.1.
And for us, 2 to 4 pm, that's a pretty good number.
Yep. Sure beats the 1.0, although they did beat him across the street in those two hours.
Let me see where I can find him.
He had a 1.9 and 2.3, and they had a 301 and a 2.7.
Wow.
I'll tell you one thing, Sid the Kid.
And overnight across the street, they had also had a 0.0.
Coast to coast with George Nuri had a 20.2 share, and Waxi had a 0.0.
So overnight, 1 to 5 am.
Average persons 0.
It's not really something to look at the con, you know, in print, in black and white.
Yeah.
Average persons 0.
Like our attend will have an hour at night.
Average persons listening 0.
Why not just shut the baby down at night?
After, after 7.
I mean, we got to do that dolphin thing.
We keep going happy.
That's part of the whole dolphin deal.
As we sell our soul from 7 to 8, and I would just shut the thing down at 7.
But I mean, those numbers there, 0.1, 0.2, and 0.0.
Oh, wow.
Woo!
You couldn't do that again if you tried.
If you set that as a target, you couldn't do it.
You think?
You're right.
Just by accident.
Just by accident.
I'm the dogs up 176 points.
All the numbers all the time.
Lots of numbers.
Let's see, the Grand Lux Cafe, if I ever go there again, you just shoot me, okay?
This is the fourth or fifth attempt, because people keep touting,
oh, Neil, you're so wrong.
They've got a wonderful chicken parmesan.
That's what somebody told me last time.
You're ordering the wrong thing.
Yeah.
Well, there were four of us.
Two of us had the soup of the day.
The New England clam chowder with bacon.
Doesn't that sound really good?
It was awful.
It was grotesque.
It was caca.
And I did get the chicken parmesan just to prove to myself that these people out there really know their crap.
Not.
The pasta, the angel here pasta, was as tasteless as string.
It could have been like shoestring, chulases.
And the chicken itself was just...
The whole thing was delicious, but no taste.
I mean, it was just crap.
Big portions, though, huge portions.
The chicken parmesan itself, there was just two big patties of it smothered and melted mung.
I wouldn't go there again.
And then the best part of the deal, that was on Friday, I guess we went there.
Saturday, we went for brunch.
And when I tell you the place we went and how much I liked it, they're going to laugh at me.
Oh, are you like red lobster?
And you like, what's the other one that they get all upset?
Oh, a taco smell?
That's right.
We went right there on Sunday's, right by my house.
We went, shot up.
We went to Denys.
And you know something?
It was excellent.
I haven't been to with Denys in years.
And I sit here and make fun of Denys all the time.
And you know, you better know what you're talking about when you open up a big mouth.
Because you know me, I'm so out of touch.
Right.
And the long time since I've been touching it.
But anyway, we went to Denys.
It was great.
Well, good.
Taco had breakfast.
He had a big omelette.
Mm-hmm.
I had a bacon cheeseburger.
It was the best burger I've had in years.
They put like little pickles in it and like, oh, all kinds of good stuff and onion.
It was fabuloso.
All of us had good stuff at Denys.
And then we had the mother Humper Pies for dessert.
They still have the mother Humper Pies.
I'm just amazed at how small that place is though.
The Denys over there by the cross from sunrise.
Yeah.
By sunrise in Flamingo.
Is it small?
It's small.
I've never been to that one.
Well, I haven't been in Denys in years because I mean, you know.
And then these people, all the niels got the worst taste in their way.
They're like red lobster and Denys.
I got news for you.
Denys is a ten star restaurant compared to the Grand Lux Cafe, which was packed by the way.
Packed with hazards who loved the big portions.
They don't care if it's tasteless and it's crap.
They just like the big portions for a cow.
Talk about the Shreinwood flu, my God.
The thousand of 173 points off to a magnificent start.
So if you want to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe, have a good time.
Go ahead.
There are only two complaints I have about the weekend we spent on there.
Number one was that place.
And number two Haitian cab drivers.
Because Paco went out.
Both nights, Friday and Saturday nights.
And came home with in the cabs.
And I give them perfect directions on where I live.
It's easy to get there.
Bapapah.
And both nights, the first night, the cab driver got lost and tried to charge him by 20 bucks
which he refused to pay.
And then Saturday night, 425 in the morning, I get a phone call.
The cab he was lost again.
So it puts me on the forward as more on this imbecile cab driver.
And I'm saying, you keep coming west on sunrise.
Oh, Broward Boulevard.
I said, no, not Broward Boulevard.
Sunrise Boulevard.
You jackass.
You ass clown.
You idiot.
You...
You fare.
Yeah.
And finally eventually, I had put on my bathroom.
And I went out to the front light on.
I went outside and stood on the corner and finally 440 on Saturday morning.
Or was it Sunday?
Sunday morning.
Here comes the cab up the street.
I had to like, you know, wave my arms and hail the cab because he was like weaving around.
I mean, you know where my house is.
Yep.
Is it really that hard to find?
No.
How can you be a cab driver in South Florida not be able to find an address when you've got the directions and the exact address?
Because it fits right in.
It fits right in with the ambiance.
Right.
The land of the lost.
That's right.
But other than that, it was fine.
Just fine.
And I heard that the Broward Boulevard, because Paco went to a place, a club called the Living Room.
Have you ever heard of it?
No.
Fabulous place.
I saw it on the internet.
And that area, Broward Boulevard, in first, used to be...
I mean, you wouldn't dare even walk in that area at night.
You wouldn't even be found dead there.
Although you probably likely do.
And now it's all spiffed up.
So you see, there are some good things happening, but better you than me.
I don't want any part of it.
You just happen to phone rang?
Yeah.
I pick it up. It's a guy from Bel Canada.
We have an order to install an ISDN line in your place with my address and my apartment number.
Yes.
I said we already have an ISDN line here.
No, you don't.
We don't?
You have something else.
The ISDN line is for when we go to the other place.
Well, why didn't anybody tell me about that?
You didn't get an email?
Neither did I.
And I told them we already have one.
Well, you know what?
Somebody's going to have to call them again, because that's what happens when there's no communication.
I'm sure they were.
I have no idea what this guy was talking about.
We're in a communication business.
The only problem is we don't communicate.
So you're going to have to talk to a flea or somebody in engineering or whoever is running the joint today.
We will.
Whoever is the chief cook and bottle washer.
And let them know to call them back and tell them that it was a, I don't know.
I don't know what to say.
It will be done.
That will be done.
Yeah.
Makes me look like some kind of an ass clown.
Well, you ought to be used to that.
And try to explain to the guy.
We've already got one.
Well, what is it we've got here?
I'm not sure.
Have an ISDN line.
It might be something or it might not.
I'm not sure.
I heard a rumor.
You heard a rumor what?
That they were going to rework the, the way that we get back and forth with each other.
Well, nobody ever told me that rumor.
I'm glad the audience is in on this.
Okay, because this is the way things are done in this company.
Half asked.
Like I'm supposed to have psychic powers and know that we're going to have another line installed here.
What's all the line about it?
So somebody's going to have to contact Bell Canada or whatever.
Okay.
Because I played like it was a mistake.
Then he gave me the engineer's name, the Toronto engineer.
You know, I said, we'll call him and see what that's all about.
He was very apologetic like, you know, like they didn't know what they were doing.
Meantime, I didn't know what we were doing.
Because nobody told me.
Lenny, the limo driver sends an email.
Thank God we don't take calls anymore.
He says, I'm disappointed that is a listener.
I won't be able to speak with you ever again.
Oh, thank God!
Your intro says to talk to Neil called blah, blah, blah.
That's a joke.
How would you make your next CD without any phone calls?
We're not making any CDs.
How do you like that, Lenny?
We have made them in years on the station.
QM is still giving out your old CD with the old crap.
Well, you know what? Too bad.
Get a life, Lenny.
Just don't go away mad, Lenny. Just go away.
I have no life.
We know that.
Lenny, do you remember him?
Yep.
The now's up on 70.
I'm embarrassed. That was just, you know, I could have told him, well, you know,
come on up and do it such and such a day or so.
Yeah, because nobody told me anything about this.
We have an order to install an ISD in your place.
What a freaking disgrace.
All the phones are going to be in.
I'll be back.
It's handled.
Yeah, you didn't know that.
Did you leave?
Now what?
What?
Where'd you go?
I went to answer the freaking phone.
I told you.
It was a Toronto engineer who should know that my show is on now, but he's calling me anyway.
Okay, no problem.
Anyway, he's taking care of it.
I guess I don't know.
It's handled.
Handle this.
No.
Oh, good.
God.
Anyway, here's an email that says people were in surgical mass.
Did Walmart yesterday?
I figured it was safe to cut one in the pet food aisle.
Says Mike and Hollywood.
Yeah, that's right.
Everybody's wearing surgical masks.
Oh, good.
All the season one.
When it doubt cut a few out.
Oh, okay.
Let's get back to those numbers because I'm sure the audience is just dying to hear these.
I might just read the numbers.
The rest of the show just as a protest over this thing about the ISD in line.
I mean, why should I know?
After all, I'm the one who lives here.
Why should I know anything about it?
I'm glad you got it straight.
Oh, good.
God.
Okay, here are the hourly.
So we got Waxi across the street.
They sucked.
We got us, which we done pretty good, especially mid days.
Look at that big finger sticking up again on that chart, on that graph.
And then there's IOD.
And of course, Rush had the big numbers in IOD.
And the Schmidt Meister did good too.
They got a lot of fascists.
A lot of Nazis out there with the diaries.
Wow.
Jimmy did okay.
Jimmy's sympathetic in the morning.
But he's following a 6.6 year from 5 to 6 a.m.
I guess that still is coast to coast.
I don't know.
I don't know how long that goes on.
I don't know what they're doing.
Because they had a 6.6 year at 5 a.m.
And then at 6 a.m.
Jimmy goes down to a 3.9.
Then out to a 3.6.
And then a 4.6.
And then a 4.3.
And a 1 to 2.
A 3.
You'll learn so well.
Every time you turn around, man, it's some other ineptitude.
These people are so freaking inept they couldn't get out of their own way.
If somebody put an ozie up their ass.
Well, it's probably my fault I probably should have told you to do a rumor when I heard it.
Now, that's not the way things are supposed to work.
The way things work is that somebody from there sends me an email and says,
Bill Canada is going to be calling you.
We're going to be installing a new ISD in line for the new joint and whatever.
And so you know.
And please let them in and whatever.
Okay, now what do we want to see on here?
Now that we have the hourlies.
I don't know.
Well, let's do the...
And nobody sent us the morning, 6 to 10 a.m.
for some strange reason.
Midday's 10 to 2 WCMQ FAMA is number one.
No speaking English, 7.6 year.
Big is number two with a 6.8 and we're just barely behind them with a 6.7.
We almost got number two money.
That would have been really sweet.
Wouldn't it?
Oh, yeah.
We'll settle for number three.
It's the first bonus we've had under the Joe Bell era in a long time in a while.
Yep.
In a while.
WIOD is fourth with a 6.3.
Even with the Russia's gigantic numbers in there from noon to two,
we still beat them out by half a point.
How do you like that Jimmy, syphilitic?
Magic is number five.
Boy, since Rick hung it up, man, they're really going through the roof.
They had a 4.5.
I don't know what they had in the morning though, because I don't have the 6 to 10 a.m. numbers.
For some strange reason.
And our program director is in there.
He's on the honeymoon getting laid.
A lot.
We hope.
Why do you care?
Why do you think I hope he's getting laid?
I can't even imagine him getting laid.
I can't imagine him even with having a penis.
I hope everybody does.
Oh, magic number five in the midday.
Now, let's see how they do across the street.
Waxi tied for 15th with Radio Amor with a 2.5.
We got a 6.7.
They got a 2.5.
Jorge Sedano.
And whoever else they got on in there.
They suck.
They're mornings suck.
I can't wait to see that number if I ever do get the 6 to 10 a.m.
The only thing they got in is the number of the afternoon.
And that's dwindling.
Dwindling.
Oh, they did be just 2 to 4.
I'll say that.
2 to 4 p.m. number one is big.
Big had a big book.
Big.
7.0.
Fathered by Hot 105.
IOD 5.8.
2 to 4.
Well, that's what one hour of rush.
Yeah.
Waxi was tied for 13th from 2 to 4 with a 2.9.
And we were 19th.
The big O with a 2.1 from 2 to 4 p.m.
They had a 2.9.
We had a 2.1.
Although, like I said,
better than somewhat of suspected.
Based on recent history in our 2 to 4 hours,
we had consistently 1 shares.
The molemeister had a 1 share in there.
The squeakmeister had a 1 share in there.
Bo Kampur had a less than a 1.
I found out.
Now, let's see.
How about that?
4 to 7.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
And I forgot about Jerks.
He also had a 1 point.
Something like that.
He had a what's the point.
Why is the engineer calling me when he knows I'm on the air?
Maybe he doesn't know.
He doesn't know.
Maybe he doesn't care.
No, he just forgot.
He's a good guy.
He wouldn't do something because he doesn't care.
He cares enough to send his very best.
The Toronto engineer.
He works for a real radio station.
I hate to break the news to you.
He works for a real radio station.
Not used to that.
No, well, he is.
Waxi, number 13 in 4 to 7 p.m.
With a 3.3 share.
Number one is Hot 105 with an 8.3.
Wow.
Hot 105, some mokin, baby.
IOD is second in the afternoon.
4 to 7.
The 5.8 share.
Followed by big radio, radio, radio, coast.
Anyway, Waxi is 12 for the 3.3.
And we're 14th with a 3.0 with a mad dog.
So almost even Steven.
Uh-huh.
As mad dogs come back up a little bit and they're going down a lot.
What happened to those four shares that LeBasterd was doing, huh?
And now that they got the marlins on, they were all out in the afternoon.
Oh boy.
I don't know if that's going to be good or bad for them.
What do you think?
Uh, ambivalent.
It'll be whatever it was.
Boy, you just...
How did they do over here, the marlins?
And nighttime, they, well, you know, compared to...
I don't know if I got out of that.
I did accent, say so.
Right.
Better than nothing.
They did a decent number.
Not spectacular, not gigantic.
The marlins.
They keep losing every day, by the way.
They keep giving up those grand slam home runs.
Oh my god.
God's...
Just...
I didn't want to go into it.
I don't want to talk about the marlins or about the heat, the heat lost again, too.
They're out.
They're done.
Panthers, no playoffs.
They're done.
How about those black hogs?
How about those young studs from Chicago, huh?
You know in...
...D-A-Y-S-U-D-K-S-R.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
I'm the food chain of light.
You are an amoeba.
Even the caught return guy marks you as you head to the supply room to stock up.
God, it's a mystery.
While your peers acquire their job skills at the local community college,
you learned everything you've ever needed to know in that rancid turlid at the corner gas station.
Good attire, you're a traitor.
When you take your work home with you, it usually involves some sort of nasty rash.
You don't get tipped, but there's a certain satisfaction
to coming to the rescue of an IBS sufferer on Taco Day.
I caramelize.
So we salute you.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
Your buncher, your land yard, and your callacins.
You are a real American A-hole.
You fare every day.
1046, 14 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
And of course, it didn't take long before I get the first negative email about Denny's.
Well, good.
Jorge Hernandez, Cuban George, says, Denny sucks and that's not an opinion.
The fact that you would have a hamburger there and say it was the best burger you've had in a long time,
says a lot about you getting really old, really fast.
I guess next you'll say that IHOP is a great restaurant, too.
Child, please. Red Lobster also blows.
Let me give you some really good restaurants down here, buddy.
Roasted pepper, Christine Lees, Wasabi, Coseromio, and for a great burger go to Flanagan's.
But hey, you can eat whatever you want.
Remember your opinions and not that of the station are the greatest fill in George Rodriguez,
side Cuban George.
Denny's was excellent.
Now, why would I make it up?
Well, it would be my motive in making it up.
Of course, you don't have a motive in making it up.
Ask Clown.
Now, Rosemary, on the other hand, says, have to say you're right about Denny's.
And place got so disgusting for while we stop going.
However, we've gone about five or six times lately.
It's been outstanding.
My son loves the burgers.
The dinner's there really good, too.
I read an article in the paper a few months ago that they're trying to change their image.
I must say whatever they're doing is working.
Glad you're back, missed you on Friday.
How do you like that?
Okay, let's get to those numbers now.
I keep threatening to give them.
Please.
I'll tell you one thing that said the kid, wow, did he stink the joint out or what?
Yes. Yes.
Now, what's me on from five to 10, I do believe?
That sounds right.
Because if five a in, they had a one point.
Oh, my God.
A one share at five in the morning.
Oh, what did we have?
We had a one four.
Now, what was that for?
ESPN radio, I guess.
Yeah, we don't have the Jesse Agler show anymore.
Well, that was not during the book.
He was on for about five minutes.
Right.
Then they found out he was Jewish and he got canned.
Let's see, waxy.
From six to 10 a.m, their numbers were 0.7, 1.2, 1.5, and 2.0.
Oh, my God.
Five embarrassing hours said with a big fat New York mouth.
On the other hand, we had from six to 10 a.m., little dog, 4.3, 3.2, 3.13, 3.3.
Not spectacular, but certainly beating across the street by a mile, a glance slide.
Slide on this.
So at nine o'clock, we had a 3.3 share on the station.
At 10 o'clock, we had a 7.4 share.
Did you see our four hours?
Yep.
7.4, 8.3.
Then, of course, Rush comes on at noon, and since the right wingers got somebody diaries in December, or in January, when we had a 5.6 and 5.9 in the noon to two hours.
And then we hand over to the big O of 5.9, sheeran, he gets a 1.9, which isn't really rock solid.
But nevertheless, it's better than a 1.0.
Yeah.
And at three o'clock, he's got a 2.3.
Now, let's see the hourlies between four and 7.00 p.m., Mad Dog versus Labaster.
Four to five p.m., we've got a 3.0, they got a 2.5.
Five to six p.m., we got a 3.4, they got a 3.3.
So, Mad Dog beats him the first two hours.
And then six to seven p.m., we got a 2.3, they got a 4.4.
So, they had one really solid hour in there, and that lifted them up.
Let's be very exciting hour there.
Six to seven p.m., our with stew gods, probably, on there making guttable sounds.
And then, of course, at nighttime, they had a 2.1, 2.7, 2.8, 2.4, 0.7.
We had, I'll repeat them again, these five hours is embarrassing and humiliating and degrading as it is.
0.5, that's for that dog.
And you know something?
Well, I don't want to go in with.
8 to 9 p.m., 0.1, then a 0.2, and then 10 o'clock, we really hit the mother load, baby, with a 0.0.
Nobody listening, 11 o'clock, we got a 1.1.
What do we have on it, 11 o'clock?
Oh, yes, p.m. radio.
That is just ungodly, ungodly, unacceptable.
But hey, that's a DA.
And I don't know what it is.
I mean, like I said, you said he's a good guy.
I hear him on here when he feels in for Joe now and then.
He sounds like a broadcaster.
He doesn't sound like that, you know.
Maybe that's why he sure isn't making his mark in this market.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe they know his buddies with Joe Bell.
The Dow's up 180 points.
Wow.
Aren't you psyched?
I am.
I'm stoked.
So we got a ISDM line coming in, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder how much of a big good stimulus that's going to be for them to install here.
Don't know.
Well, you know, the Toronto engineer is going to have to deal with them on that and set it all up.
And you know, what am I going to do with it?
Nothing.
I mean, I may have a little technical ability here, but I'm sure it's hell no engineer.
Fatman after dark says,
Denys is great for what it is and doesn't try to be anything else.
Great breakfast, good food, and awesome pies and shakes.
Yeah, they got those mother-humper pies, man.
Right?
He says, I live in an area without any Denys and I miss it.
Also that if you Cuban George's way off to recommend roasted pepper, it was great once,
but never recovered from ownership changes.
Says Fatman after dark.
It says what was Hank doing Saturday?
Was he doing a Jimmy the geek impression?
Did he get fired yet?
Says Lenny from Philly.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll be picking on the hump.
Okay.
They killed Ken Maldon here and they try to kill the Humper and he's hanging on by his thumbs.
Leave him alone.
Here's Al Dente.
All right.
What a name, huh?
Oh, wait a minute.
Before I get to Al Dente.
Yeah.
Here's another one.
Turned over during one of your ads and Bubba was reading an email from someone saying,
now that you'd be Paul and Ron in the morning, when are we going to get a visit?
I know they were reading the numbers on Thursday.
Bubba said, you used to read the numbers on the ear, but I turned over to you that day.
Remember you said Paul and Ron went from a five to an eight something.
Bubba was 14.
That's correct.
Possible bubble light on the ear.
Wouldn't shock me at all.
Yeah.
If he said that he beat them, he didn't come close to them.
Okay.
He sucked wind.
By the way, to answer your question about George Nuri show on WIOD, they played last two hours of the show
before from the beginning of the regular show, which he was from one to five a.m.
They go straight into syphilis as show such as it is.
And have to have been listening once her the name Dave Caprita.
Captain Dave of his eight of days wondered if he was working a real radio job or was acting job as a fake phone caller.
Sometime he listened to that show and he had to wonder, I don't know.
I never heard it.
I know it's a carry on from Art Bell.
It's out of this world, you know, the paranormal and.
All that aliens.
Anyway, getting back to Al Dente, this is the first serious email I've ever sent you.
I would use Friday as an example of my feelings for George.
I arrived at my office, cleared all my email, did a little work.
Precisely at 10 a.m. I'm plugged into my headphones, clicked on my favorites, needlerodges.com, and listened to Neil, to listen to Neil for four hours for selfish pleasure.
After enduring the Boulderhead, Joe Rose commercial, I heard George's voice.
I reached into my top left where with you, my nine millimeter Burretta pistol and blew my brains out.
I'm writing this email from hell.
The thing is, as your side caked George's great, when he's solo, he is solo, bad, terrible.
When you're out, please play Gloria Stefan Records, funny bits static, anything.
You're a pal Al, well, put to you Al.
That's probably Joe Bell.
Here's one from Robert.
I was sad to hear about the passing Ken Walden during Gildey's show on Saturdays.
I always enjoyed his updates.
Gildey had the Humper on the phone, went to nice things to say about Ken before he discussed the Derby.
How long did the poor guy last after he got fired by your buddy Joe Bell?
You know, it's a good thing you accepted the contract you were offered to the same thing about it happened to you.
Yeah, they're trying to kill everybody.
It's a good way to cut the budget down, kill everybody.
Jimmann Vointens says, I don't care what anybody else thinks.
When I'm craving for a patty melt, it's Denny's for me.
I didn't even see the patty melt on the menu, although the bacon cheeseburger I had was so damn good.
Well, good.
I'm telling you, I mean, people would say, well, how good can a bacon burger be?
Trust me when it said it was great.
Yeah.
It was the best damn burger I've had in years.
And you know me, I've had a few boogers in my time.
Yeah.
It was excellent.
It was shocking.
They had to say that the shock enemy was number one how small the place was.
It's laid out very poorly, by the way, that particular Denny is very small.
Although the service was excellent.
And there was some hot young guy working in there too, but that's beside the point.
I mean, the fact that Paco and I were ugly and looking, you know,
that doesn't cost anything to look.
But anyway, it's a good place right over there on sunrise.
You know, is it sunrise or brow or bull of art?
Haitian cab drivers, baby, there's something really wrong.
How can you drive a cab when you can't get from point A to point B
where you don't know where you're going?
I guess you make more money that way.
So yeah, you can try.
They tried to rip them off for next to 20 bucks Friday night and he didn't fall for it.
He said, no way, Jose.
See, here it's Punjabi.
Punjabi and Paco's, they drive all the cabs.
Especially the airport cabs, all Punjabi.
People probably think I make that up because there aren't a lot of people from India and South Florida.
And very few Chinese men.
We will say that.
Oh, and the thing that freaked Paco out his first visit to the US and his first visit to South Florida.
Even though he's Mexican, the thing that freaked him out was all the Spanish being spoken.
Yeah.
And we were sitting in Denys and talking about that, and sure enough the table next to a cross from us.
Papa, papa, papa, and espanyola.
He didn't like it.
Which you'd think he would like it, wouldn't you?
I don't know.
He was hoping to get a little more American flavor.
You asked and I said, well, you're not an American.
Of course this is in Broward, no less.
Right.
God forbid somebody should slip him to date County.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Lock solid.
Any questions?
Yeah.
I was talking to my buddy and he actually was trying to tell me that Susan Boyle, that Scottish lady from Britain's Got Talent, was hot.
And then he'd get naked with her in a minute.
So what does that say about him?
Right.
Yeah, thanks.
Wow.
There's there's sticking to me interactive about Japanese now.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I thought it was amusing.
And then a good thing is all we can't longer than here one word about Susan Boyle.
That's good.
When you like to see Susan Boyle.
No, thank you.
Oh yeah, in a big pot.
A boil?
Oh.
That would be one of the great things in history of the human race to watch Susan Boyle right on TV live.
Scott and Pinellas Park says,
Denny's menu after 10 p.m. hardly anything on there.
See, I find something that I liked.
Something positive.
I'm the one that's supposed to be Mr. Negative and you people are the ones who are negative.
No patty melts after 10 p.m. for example.
Do a comparison next time you hit a Denny's.
The menu shrinks by about 75%.
I'm not saying I'm going to be like eating a Denny's all the time.
I just said that I haven't been here in years and it was damn good.
Especially after the garbage meal we had the previous day at the Grand Lux Cafe.
Which sucks.
Rhymes with lux.
It's garbage.
Huge portions of Dreck.
That's especially in Broward.
Man, that's what they love.
The Hazers.
Give them a lot of food.
I don't even pay attention to price.
I don't know.
Heath says,
Heard two seconds of the day this weekend.
He was focusing on how important it is to get American blacks to join baseball.
He was very upset about their dwindling presence in baseball.
Nice voice but content horrible.
Rather hear the beast talk about his struggles with food.
So here's a shot at poor DA who's sitting there with his point at 10 o'clock at night.
How would you feel if you had a point when you feel like bad about it?
Yeah, a little bit.
When you think like maybe you're in the wrong business.
Maybe.
I mean, granted our signal at night is pathetic.
Although the daytime it sounded pretty good this weekend.
Do they go out and pee on the tower or something?
I didn't get a memo if they did.
Well, we don't get any memos.
I didn't get a memo about the ISDN line either.
That's just, you know, back in the day I'd really upset about that.
But you know what?
I don't care anymore.
Good.
If they don't care enough to let me know what's going on, then then screw up.
You know, let other people worry about it.
I got enough things to worry about.
Like bad meals at the grandluck.
I know it's my bad.
I should have learned the first three or four times.
It's not going to get any better.
Oh, but you ordered the wrong thing.
Try the chicken parm.
Yeah, it was caca.
Oh, the phones are going to get out the way.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Probably that engineer calling back again.
How about that?
There's a deadly virus that is making news.
If it finds its way inside of you,
you're screwed.
Now what you're going to do.
Swine flu.
Couldn't have killed in you.
Don't share drinking classes and don't share your food.
And if someone happens, this needs it to.
That's you.
Yeah.
So that was the Toronto engineering.
And the guy's going to be coming by this afternoon.
I'm not going to be here this afternoon.
So I'll leave the key with them downstairs at the front desk.
Okay.
You follow what I'm saying?
I got it.
This is just turning into like a nightmare.
Don't keep me any notice.
Don't let me know what's going on.
And the guy's coming by this afternoon.
And they're going to pochki around.
Not any particular time just some time this afternoon.
Maybe he's going to come by like a one o'clock right in the middle of the show.
Who the hell knows?
Real radio personality Shannon Burke accused of shooting wife and dog.
Real radio.
That's an FM talk crap in Orlando.
Yeah.
Seminole County judge Jerry L Collins has not a request from Burke's lawyer
that he not be required to wear a monitoring device.
But agreed to amend the rules governing use of that device.
So Burke and attended charity events Saturday in Daytona Beach.
Burke has not been released yet from the Seminole County jail.
Collins also ordered that Burke not have any contact with his wife.
He not go within 1500 feet of his home on hilltop place.
But where's the rest of the store here it is?
Prosecutors has cons to order Burke not to discuss the case with media outlets.
Or on the radio show while Collins did not grant that motion.
Burke's attorney Richard Horne's B sits told the judge that won't be a problem.
Prosecutors said Burke does not have history of violence but has been on probation since December on
alcohol related reckless driving charges.
He's got issues.
Oh, I see.
And here this is the most cock-eyed story that somebody similar.
The fake Tom Jicke sent this.
It starts out with that.
Then it's got the earlier story from the Orlando Sentinel.
And then a little bit awkward the way this is written.
A little bit.
Orlando radio personality Edward Shannon Burke of Real Radio 104.1 is behind bars this morning.
He accused the firing a shot inside his Alta Mata Springs area home that injured a family dog and then grazed his wife in the head.
We don't care about the wife but don't be injured in the damn dog.
Burke 43 faces charges of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon animal cruelty as being held without bail in the Seminole County jail.
He told deputies he became angry with the pet late Thursday was waving a firearm that he thought was not loaded.
I need ambulance right away.
He said in recording of his 911 call release today when he was playing with a gun.
The gun didn't always loaded.
It went off and I've hit my wife.
The bullet passed through the dog's leg and then grazed his 48 year old wife Catherine.
She said it passed through the dogs leg and then hit his wife.
It's like the magic Ireland specters back again.
Another magic bullet.
Catherine Burke was taken to Orlando Regional Hospital.
The dog a Cavalier King.
Cavalier King something spaniel.
I can't read the words chopped off.
It was taken to an emergency vet clinic.
Cavalier King spaniel.
What is that?
Have you ever heard that?
Nope.
We'll look it up.
Real radio personality Shannon Burke.
Have you ever heard of him?
No.
I sure above it loves bunches and lying about the numbers on here that he beat Paul and Rahish.
He should live so long that they whipped his ass.
See that would give me a very negative opinion.
If indeed he actually was on here making up stories and about how I used to give the numbers on here.
I didn't use to.
I give them all the time.
I'd love to see those 6 to 10 a.m.
If there's anybody in the building, I'll go ask them in the yard right there.
You know the listing of all the stations 6 to 10 and 25 54.
Right.
Maybe he beat him and like pick me is under two feet tall or something like that.
So how do you like that?
The engineer is some goofballs coming by this afternoon.
Well good.
No particular time.
No rhyme.
No reason.
Now do you think I should hang around here all afternoon?
No.
I got stuff to do man.
I'm not talking about wood by either.
It's Monday.
I ordinarily don't go on Monday nor am I going today.
But it just frosted my fat old ass that this has been done so poorly, so half-assed,
so inconsiderate, you know.
Somebody's going to show up there sometime between now midnight.
Stick around.
How's the pull coming?
Which personnel change should occur on this show?
315 votes.
Don't change a thing 131.
Keep George at fleet of the show, 67.
Fire George, I don't care where places him 34.
Bring back fat Chris 26.
Oh yeah.
Fire everybody 17.
Bring back Josh Cordis 15.
A bunch of Brandon voted for that.
Fleas should replace George.
George stays on his board op 13.
Fleas should replace George.
George goes 8.
Fire Neil 4.
Mike says I'm glad you're discussing Denys.
For the past two Saturdays, our families had breakfast at the location right across from
U.M.
and we loved it.
The coffee is fresh, great tasting.
The pancake puppies are fluffy and the belt's normal.
It was very good.
Screw all these ass clowns who feel they need to hate on everything.
On a more somber note, I wish to send my condolences to the Maldon family for their loss.
I don't know if there was any family.
Did he have any kin?
I'm not sure.
Nothing I know of.
I see the QM website doesn't say anything about it, so I'm glad they hear you and George mention it.
Yeah, we're mentioning because he was a good friend and a great guy.
And nobody in the marketplace seems to feel that he was worth talking about.
I mean, well, now why did you send me the picture of this dog?
Well, that's that dog?
Yeah.
Kind of an ugly dog.
The one we were talking about.
Cavalier.
Charles Spaniel.
Goofball dog ugly.
You think it's an ugly dog?
I'm not crazy about them.
Floppy your dogs.
It's okay.
Not my bag.
Here's one that says good morning.
If anyone asks him getting a trim at supercuts, shopping at publics, then home for massage.
Have a great day, Jeff DeForest.
Yeah, where are those morning numbers?
I'd like to see exactly what he had in there, huh?
Because they had a 0.3.
And I'm not really sure that was the one that he's on.
I don't think so.
I think it's the a 50 waxy.
He's on the 641, which I think had a 0.0.
All they didn't show.
They didn't make the list.
They don't exist.
Blackie says good morning.
There's nothing wrong with Denny's.
I used to love going there after a night of grab ass on a Friday or Saturday night.
The moon over.
My hammy was great.
The patty melda is also a good choice.
I wish I could hit Denny's for once today.
It says blackie.
Well, how do you like that?
I can't see.
It's not just me.
No.
There's four or five other people out there who are like it.
We go there like every month or so.
Because they get kids eat free.
And I always get the grand slam, whatever breakfast.
Right.
You're slamming it.
Platter thingy.
A lot of bacon.
Wouldn't it be nice if I could find out just what time these people are coming?
Maybe you could talk to somebody there.
Okay.
Did you think it's an unreasonable request?
No.
Maybe somebody out there can coordinate this a little bit better than it's being man-hitting.
I'm just going to handle it right now.
Oh, me!
This station stands for nothing.
The flood is terrible.
Tiny times.
Look at all these times.
Floating through the hole.
There they go.
Overflows.
The toilet overflow.
I guess from over usage.
Why they're just tiny but maybe just like my clothes.
It's not my job but maybe the sorry wait.
To a full matter better.
I'm sweating deeply afloat.
As I pick up all these moths and place them in a waste paper can.
This isn't very fun.
I think I'm done.
We're moving away anyway so I don't care.
Tiny.
Tiny.
Tiny.
Okay so what's the verdict?
Well I can't find anyone in this corner of the building at all.
So I sent an email about those issues and hopefully his blackberry wool buzz and he'll send me something back.
There must be a big meeting or out of the building or something.
Really?
Out of the building?
I don't know.
I didn't walk all the way around the building but there's nobody in this little corner here.
Well I'll be Dan and I mean nobody.
And you talk about idiotic emails.
Wait till you're this one from Yoshi Schmendrick.
Okay.
I heard you read the hourly numbers a little bit ago.
We shocked here some of the stuff you read.
Well I read it right off the page okay and it is what it is.
You said that two to three hours and seven ninety had a better number than the three to four hour.
Which is the batch's first hour.
That's correct.
Does that mean that Sennown did better than Dan or is there a certain age group?
We had a better number.
Men 25 to 54.
That's what these are.
That's the target demo of this station and that station and the most stations.
I have another question.
Who has the most listeners in the morning regardless of age?
Oh my god.
Also wanted to ask how do the mad dogs numbers compare to the batches?
Been there, done that.
Went down the whole thing Yoshi.
Yeah.
I guess this is Aggravation Monday.
Where do you think all the listeners go at 2pm and does the big OKP even 25% of listeners from this show?
Well let's see what percent it keeps.
We have a 5.9 share at 1.1.1.9.
We have average quarter hours of 12,200.
He's got 3,500.
So he loses about 8,700.
What station is this guy Bubba on because they never heard him and honestly Paul and young Ron never mentioned this guy.
Nor do they ever say anything bad about you or anyone other than mentioning Paul listens to Manage in the afternoon.
I guess they worked together with Channel 10 or something but even that he only brings it up when they talk about sports.
Groupy Idus man.
This guy suffers from terminal groupy Idus.
Wow.
With all these words, all these verbyids what he's trying to say is.
I have no line.
Speaking of flee he had sent me email.
Steve White was still on this morning meaning across the street to 790 website now says coming soon for a new morning show.
I believe at one point it's starting today meaning today but not.
And then he says I'm still in shock about your 18 to 34 man numbers time for a second with power crazy.
Now it's not crazy.
Once upon a time we had younger demos and we had an audience.
He used to be normal.
Flea.
See he's been brainwashed too much by his buddy Jolly Jobelle.
He's still...
...astonished.
He says when I took out the 3pm hour man 18 to 34 you jumped a time for a second with power 96.
Crazy he keeps saying crazy.
Crazy.
No you're crazy Flea.
Now they're going to have to get this thing a little more organized about how this is going to be done.
Yeah.
As opposed to at my inconvenience whenever and if ever they feel like it.
This is not the way things happen in a business.
I'll keep poking my head out during the breaks to see if anybody shows up.
Yeah keep poking mine.
I mean there's no...
Poking mine.
There's no engineers in there either for what it's worth.
Really?
I mean they might be in the building but the engineering is closed so...
It's what?
You know the door is closed that means they're not in their...
...in the shop there.
Maybe they're in their heaven and orgy.
How do you know?
Or they might be at the other building getting things ready.
Paul says was wondering if you have the hourly numbers for Joyce Kaufman 2 to 5 and 850 because of the WFPO.
Joyce claims to be the queen of afternoon drive.
Oh my God.
Well let's see what station is she on?
She's on one of the...
Yeah, 850 WFPO.
Okay.
All we can do is look at 2 to 4 pm.
Let's see.
I'm looking at the top 15, 20, 25.
Not on that page.
WFPO 33rd.
They've got a 0.1 from 2 to 4 pm.
Joyce Kaufman in men 2554.
0.1.
Let me see it again.
0.1.
She's the queen of afternoon drive.
Okay.
These silly radio groupies, man.
I'm so glad I'm not there.
Sean says I've been listening for many years today at home because I have a slight fever.
Oh oh.
Swine flu.
I know it's not swine flu but I work with some hysterical people being going crazy over this stuff.
But if they found out I have a fever, they have the CDC coming to score me away.
So it's better to just stay home.
As far as cab drivers not being able to find addresses, wouldn't it make sense for them to have a GPS?
Yeah, but they don't.
There should be no excuse for them not to be able to find any residential or business address.
But that's the way they scam you.
Thanks Neil for years of entertainment laughter you provided me through the years.
But even though management is handcuffed you as to what type of show you do, it's still better than anything else on the radio.
Sean from Betta Rouge, I guess this one is Sean Efron.
PS years ago, I remember my wife used to have it at the Denny's at University in Sunrise Boulevard.
Every now and then and purchase those chocolate French silk pies and eat the whole thing that night God they were good.
That's what I had for dessert was the French silk pie. It was damn good.
Good.
You know where they used to have great French silk pie with steak and ale.
Oh yeah.
You ever have it?
Missed that place.
Nothing. No, been there often.
Never had that pie.
Steak and it was great.
That's why it's not there anymore.
There's still one or two around, but that one by you and Hollywood long gone.
Yeah.
It's like a longhorn now or something.
Jason says what a shame to hear about Ken, although I never knew him personally.
I felt like I did.
You're so right about the fact that Joe Blowhard Bell put Ken to an early grave.
It's well documented that such a dramatic change in one's personal lifestyle.
Often results in depression soon followed by death.
I thought so with Ken's family and friends, including you and George.
I don't know that he had any family.
I don't know.
Joe Bell can now add killer to the great list of personality traits.
Joe, you bastard.
How do you sleep at night?
Joe, F yourself says Chester Copperpot for Jolly Joe Bell.
How does he sleep at night?
I guess there's some people at that's that's more than things that second nature to them.
He's destroying other people's lives putting them in early graves and just, you know.
Now, but look at all the money I'm saving the company.
Very, very sad.
So what's the deal with flea?
No response?
No, not yet.
Get on it flea.
Get with it.
Get this thing organized.
A Mexican restaurant in this border town, what town is that?
I didn't say what town it is.
Oh, Kalexico, California is drawing the curious and the faithful to see what.
Oh, I see.
I thought this was going to be at the swine flu.
Thank God it's not.
So sick and tired.
There's one death in America.
Oh, everybody should be in a panic.
Yep.
A Mexican restaurant in the border town, Kalexico, California is drawing the curious and the faithful to see what some believe is the likeness of the virgin Mary that appeared miraculously on a griddle.
All right.
A cook at Los Palmis restaurant was the first to see the image.
She started to cry and didn't want to clean the griddle no more said Brenda Martinez who manages this family owned restaurant.
Well, let me do the break and then we'll get back into this in detail.
Now we're talking the hell with the swine she's trying to on flu the virgin Mary is going to save us.
Virgin Mary, she sure pops up in the strangest places.
You know what?
Yep.
Up there in that mugwom town in Georgia, whatever the hell it was.
Remember that?
And on the side of that bank building in Queerwater, right?
And now in Kalexico, California.
Oh, you know, good.
You know, wow.
It's time for Guantanamo Bay's Wheel of Torture.
All right, Kaleed, Shake, Mohammed.
Let's spin the wheel.
Oh, amnesty.
Spin again, Kaleed.
You're not getting off that easy.
And yes, walk.
And now we're talking about the waterboarding again.
This must be your lucky day, Kaleed.
You've landed on that prize.
180 free times.
Join us here tomorrow on the New Year's.
And don't forget to spare New Year's airists.
Hopefully with car battery plans.
Bye-bye, everybody.
Wheel of Torture.
That's what it is.
1131 at 560 WQAM.
We got the big old coming up at 2 o'clock.
You people with your Joyce Kaufman, by the way, you can take Joyce and stick him in your
rectum.
NEO, she is the best, says Ron from Miami.
What is Joyce?
I want you to listen to this.
Okay.
What is Joyce overall number is for all ages between 2 and 5 on WFTL.
What is Joyce?
Let me say it again.
She's got a .1.
I looked up from 2 to 4 and also 4 to 7.
They're dead last in both time periods.
A .1.
At least they're consistent.
850.
Steve Lapis strikes again.
You can't complain about their audience.
They don't have one.
And talk about it, literate.
10 Jones, George Hedano's agent.
Trimes in again.
Okay.
I'm listening to your show.
I heard you mentioned that you were aided Denys and that it was good.
I liked Denys myself.
Would you like to go there for our lunch and to discuss whether or not WETHER, whether or not I'll become your new agent?
A man with a high ratings you get deserves a high class agent.
Please let me know as soon as possible when's a good time for us to meet Tim Jones, Jorge Sennows agent.
Who can't spell?
Who's illiterate?
Who's an idiot?
When Hal Fries is over, that'll be a good time, Timmy.
So what's the story?
Anything?
No, nobody here.
Still.
And no reply to your text.
That's 11.30.
I'm sure we'll nail a time down before the show's up or maybe.
What if a guy shows up at 12.30?
I mean, this afternoon to me means anytime afternoon.
Right.
Then I guess he'll be, I'm just coming from the Toronto engineer who I told the first time he called that I'm on the year.
My show is on right now.
And he's still called me back a second time.
There you go.
This whole thing is being done like it's like it's being put over by a bunch of crazy people.
Oh, but it's a big project.
Now, when are you moving to the new building?
We don't know.
Power 96 is supposed to be moving over there sometime this week.
Yeah, I heard.
And then we'll be along when they get them all kneeled down over there.
So in other words, like not this week, not imminent, not like something in the next couple of days.
Not that I'm aware of.
No.
So then what's the big emergency?
What's the big stimulus?
I didn't know that there was.
Why couldn't they show up here like Wednesday afternoon when it would be a little more convenient for me when I don't have to do stuff?
Because maybe nobody asked when it would be convenient.
No, they did not.
Well, then maybe that's why.
Steve from Vegas is when I was a kid I worked as a Mutuals clerk at Biscayne Kennel Club.
Back in the 70s as you know, dog racing was huge in South Florida and Ken Maldon was the PR director.
We had a packed house every night and Ken was a big part of a great team at Biscayne.
I met Ken and got to know him very well.
The late great Bobby Silver's introduced us and we had a lot of fun.
Ken was just as nice to the ladies at the concession stand as he was to Jimmy Knight.
I look forward to going to work every night.
How many people could say that?
It was great hearing Ken on the radio again.
I'm sorry that Jolly Joe Scoot Ken at the end.
He was a great guy.
It's a Steve from Vegas.
You're right.
He was a great guy.
But that doesn't count, I guess.
No.
Anyway, getting back to this Virgin Mary story.
On the griddle.
Please.
A cook and lost Palmer's restaurant was the first to see the image.
He started to cry and didn't want to clean the griddle anymore.
He said Brenda Martinez who manages the family owned restaurant.
The griddle has been taken off the stove and is now displayed in a room behind the kitchen
that is quickly filling up with rosary flowers, votive candles.
What is that?
Holy candles.
Another offering is left by visitors from the Imperial Valley from Mexico across the border.
I feel she is here with us.
I can feel her presence at Joe Akuna who owns a landscaping firm.
She looks real, very real, handyman Mike Rosenio said in Spanish.
The Reverend Edward Horning, associate pastor at St. Mary Cantler Church and nearby El Centro,
examined the griddle on Thursday.
He wouldn't say whether he thought the outline of the griddle looked like the Virgin Mary.
But he said, if God wants to do something like this, he can do it.
He can put the Virgin Mary on the griddle.
To some visitors, the image looks like the Our Lady of Guadalupe are working
in the Basilica in Mexico City, considered Mexico's most popular religious and cultural symbol.
Mary acidity appeared on a milk carton outside the city in 1531.
That can't be what that says.
No, in 1531 they didn't have milk cartons on a something.
Among the offerings brought to Las Palmas was replica of a painting of Our Lady of Guadalupe.
Well, maybe she will start showing up on milk cartons, the Virgin Mary.
Sure.
Visitors glanced at the painting and then the image on the griddle and some see a similarity.
She's here. I know it, landscaper Alfredo Luna said.
As in Luna tunes.
Only the church hierarchy can confirm that the apparition is the true revelation.
But that hasn't stopped people including several Mexican wrestlers and colorful costumes and masks
from making the trek to the restaurant, which is known for its minuto and carne asada.
Minuto, are they still around?
No.
And it's tucked in a corner of a popper to swap me to Hacienda Drive in Oli Avenue.
Maybe they have the Oli burger there.
I'll check.
The restaurant in the room with the griddles open Wednesday through Sunday.
Well, why, why did they put that in here?
Why, why would anybody put that in there?
It must have all just a plug for the restaurant.
This is the LA Times.
Yeah.
Alberto Lopez Polito, Director and Professor of Ethnic Studies at the University of San Diego said that
apparitions, especially of Mary, are not uncommon among Latino-American Catholics.
The Catholic Church in Central and South America is Mary centered while the church in most of North America is more Christ-centered Polito said.
Seeing images of Mary and public places or workspaces fills the needs of Catholics for a personal relationship to their religion outside the church.
Maybe there's going to be the Virgin Mary on some toilet paper used.
It establishes a sense of community of personal connection access, Polito said, and interview and makes their religion real to them.
Martinez said, one of the cooks felt the image had materialized to give her strength after her brother's fatal heart attack a few days earlier.
Mary is here for us, Martinez said, she wants to show us her love and tell us to keep the faith.
She wants to give us another shot at love.
Is that pathetic or what?
Yes.
But then again, Latin America.
We shouldn't say that though.
Because in South Florida, nobody speaks English or key.
New York Times is closing down the Boston Globe.
Newspapers all going bust.
Anything from free yet?
Yeah, he said, double-have to get those numbers because he can't get into the tap scam and no response on the engineer thing or if we have one or anything like that.
I'm going to keep trying to find one.
I mean, I would like to at least be able to get lunch, you know what I'm saying?
Wouldn't that be a nice thing at two o'clock I can give me some lunch?
Now you're being picky.
The New York Times company said last night it is notifying federal authorities of its plans to shut down the Boston Globe,
raising the possibility that New England's most storied newspaper could cease to exist within weeks.
After down to the wire negotiations did not produce millions of dollars in union concessions, the Times company said it will file today required 60 to notice a planned shutdown of the worker adjustment and retraining notification law.
The move could amount to a negotiating ploy to extract further concessions from the Globe's unions since the notice does not require a time company to close the paper after 60 days.
The deadline, however, would put the unions under fierce pressure to produce additional savings and the Boston newspaper girl promptly called a step a bullying tactic by the company.
The Times company itself is under strong financial pressure.
It recently mortgaged its new Manhattan headquarters borrowed 250 million from a Mexican billionaire at 14% interest laid off 100 newsrooms, staffers and cut salaries by the time it was a $1,000,000.
The paper circulation of the Globe dropped 14% in the most recent six month period.
The Globe is expected to lose $85 million this year.
No Boston Globe.
I wonder how many years ago the record American went out of business in Boston.
They used to be a good tabloid, good support section.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I mean, that's what you read isn't this support section every day.
It wants to be all at the pressing stuff on the rest of the paper.
Sure.
Look about Schmeinhorn flu and depressions and stuff like that.
And about the Marlins losing again.
Oh, my isha is back.
Great.
Can't wait for that.
The management of spectrum gallery in England requires a representative for our North American delinquent customers.
There's a job for a Georgia.
Things get tough.
All right.
For the stuff that comes in on here.
Oh, here's George and I was agent again, fake Tim Jones.
Why are you ripping me an ass on the air?
You're degrading me.
I don't appreciate it.
I'm a very bright and intelligent man.
If you don't want to meet for our meeting, that's fine.
Also, you need to stop bitching about your current agent all the time.
I don't know that I mentioned him in all today.
I'm giving you this great chance to change agents and you're blowing me off.
I'll continue to listen to your show, but I have no sympathy for you.
You make your own bed.
You'll be the one sleeping in it.
George Sadanor's agent.
He's the illiterate agent.
Tim Mashmendrick.
Oh, Neil.
You're a thing to Neil.
One of you can be your feet.
Local talk.
Expert analysis.
This is South Florida sport woman leader.
5.60 Q.A.M.
Were you drudged, packing?
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You're hip.
Now the force depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life, with your flight, he's a knight.
He's got a job for your dead too.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the make me on your chest and the truth is I dress.
But they belong to our own friends.
Roger Mary.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sense of that guy straight to hell.
When a building starts too low, we don't even understand we know.
You're a crushing grunge with one mighty blow.
Oh crap.
What happened?
Nothing big.
I just have some on the floor.
Okay.
Okay, I'll paint you.
So what's the word from flea?
Nothing. He's a producer's meeting.
So he can't go find an engineer that isn't in the building anyway.
I sent George Corso a text message that I have yet to hear back from.
I see.
I'll bring you a call.
If there's somebody that I can call, I'll be happy to.
Who are you going to call?
Ghostbusters.
How can it be anybody to call when we don't have any, you know, I mean,
that's kind of a mask and hint.
You know, if there's somebody, you know, he'll know something if someone does.
I hope long.
Long time marks is Neil.
When was the last time you did your show for Miami?
Long time ago and there won't be another one anytime soon.
I thought you had to spend X number of days down here to maintain your citizenship.
Just curious.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Mark, I was just there this weekend.
And you don't have to spend any number of days.
You just have to come back here.
Every so often, like every six months, okay?
I've been there twice in the last three weeks.
So what's the big thing?
As far as mind your own business, okay?
I don't do shows from down there.
And when they move into the new studio, it won't even be possible for me to do the show in that studio.
Will it?
No.
No.
Well, buy yourself and I'll just sit on the other side there or flee well.
Sit on the other side of what?
The little table counter, you know, on the other side of the whole.
Oh, in the same room.
Yes.
No.
So there's your answer, Mark.
It's not going to happen.
Don't hold your breath.
Myisha says, remember, Meisha?
Meisha, whatever her name is?
Yes.
I just heard you talking about the Brazilian steakhouse for the new deal.
Coincidentally, I just visited the one on Sunrise Motorhead.
It was great.
I can't wait for Thursday to get this certificate.
Oh, you're spelling, Meisha.
It's just not too good.
They had like different steak cuts and it was the best stuff ever.
Why are you taking a poll on what needs to change on the show?
Am I missing something here?
Are they downgrading again or what?
I like to show the way it is.
Don't mess with it anymore.
Joe Joyce only is beastly.
It is.
I'm doing the poll because Charlie B sent it in.
I thought it was cute.
I only knew Ken Maldon from the sports update that he used to do immediately
after you right before a mad dog.
I remember some time he used to laugh at the stuff he'd played at the end of your show.
We had a great voice.
I'm not a sports listener, but I know who Ken was.
Rest in peace, Mr. Kenny.
You were a good man.
You're a sister listener.
Meisha.
Oh.
Meisha.
My-
Manasha Skolik.
Guess who died over the weekend.
I don't know.
He died, I guess, on, I don't know, Thursday or Friday.
Okay.
Jack Kemp.
Who?
Another dead Republican.
Jack Kemp.
You don't remember Jack?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I saw the, uh, Yahoo story.
A lot of rumors about Jack Kemp by the way during his lifetime that he was-
Yeah.
But I don't know.
Yeah.
Those were the rumors.
Yeah.
He played quarterback for the Buffalo Beals.
He played for the Beals, and then every time he would start a game they'd be losing and-
crowd would start yelling, we want Lamanica.
We want to, of course, they bring in Deer Lamanica and he'd pull a game on.
Jack Kemp.
Is dead.
Jack Kemp, a 60s American football hero, who later became a U.S. congressman and vice-presidential nominee,
was remembered on Sunday's man who's passionate about politics, permanently influences party and the nation.
President Obama said in the statement issued on Sunday,
Jack Kemp's commitment to public service and his passion for politics influenced not only the direction of his party, but his country, he said.
Obama praised Kemp as a man who could fiercely advocate his own beliefs and principles while also remembering lessons he learned years earlier on the football field.
That bitter divisiveness between race and class and station only stood in the way of common aim of a team to win.
The bitter divisiveness between the stations, that's what we want.
Bitter, hostile.
Although you say there is only one station, it's us and across the street.
Yeah, that's it.
For the stuff I heard over the weekend, oh, made my teeth hurt, made my teeth ache.
Kemp had announced in January, he'd been diagnosed with cancer.
He played quarterback for the Buffalo Beals, represented Western New York for nine terms in Congress, and left the House of Representatives for an unsuccessful bid for the Republican Party.
And presidential nomination in 1988.
Eight years later, after serving a term as George Herbert Walker, Bush's housing secretary, he was Bob Dool's Republican running mate as in the presidential campaign of 96 got the rasgupped.
Although, Kemp did not again hold political office, he remained active in public life, especially as an advocate for tax reform.
Former first lady Nancy Reagan, she of the little red dress and the psychics called Kemp one of the strongest Reagan cheerleaders we've ever had, spreading the message of prosperity through freedom.
And tax reductions, but I'd be, but a bit about.
Kemp's 13 gridiron seasons, including leading the bills to the AFL titles in 64 and 65.
The final two seasons before the Super Bowl began ahead of the league's 1970 merger with the NFL.
Jack Kemp, he's dead.
A lot of that going around.
The Dow's up 175 points though.
You know what I think I'm going to do?
What are you going to do?
I think at two o'clock I'm going to get out of here, go to lunch.
If I don't hear anymore, you know, I just can't sit around here all afternoon waiting for somebody to show up.
Pull me or may not show up.
Well, I just got the George Corso just forwarded me the email thing.
Yes, saying that the tech will be back later this afternoon back from where I don't know.
But he doesn't have me, but he doesn't have an exact time.
No, wait, wait a minute.
What language are you speaking?
How about if I just forward you the email chain and then you can be a tech?
We'll be back. What tech?
All right, George, a tech?
You want, I'll just forward you the email channel.
I can read what I have here.
Go ahead, read it.
Tech said he would be back today, but I do not have a time.
Be sure there is someone there to meet him.
That was sent to George Corso from someone in Canadian.
From Bell, Canada.
And what am I going to tell him?
What tell the wineau about it?
Even if I do sit around here all afternoon, be sure I'm here to meet him and tell him what?
And then George says, guys, and this is an email to Lee, Me, Josh Darrow, and Greg Lowe.
The Canadian ISDN tech will be back later today.
Please let Neil know.
Well, what do you mean he'll be back? He'll be back from where?
I'm going to forward you this.
And then you can be at the same level of confusion as the rest of us.
Maybe he went to Uranus.
That's all I have to say.
Just a big belch.
See, this is the way this place works.
We're coming basking in the glory of finally a good rating book, Some Bonus Money.
Then first of all, I find out that Ken Maldon died over the weekend that they put him in his grave.
And now we got somebody coming here which we don't know when, we don't know who it is, and make sure somebody is there to meet him.
Well, I don't understand that.
This is my residence.
This is where I live.
This is my life.
Make sure somebody who's going to be here to meet him.
Paco, that would be good.
He's in sure.
Sorry.
Make sure somebody is here to meet him.
To do what? To tell him what?
To point to where the studio is.
I'm guessing.
The Canadian ISDN tech will be back later today.
Please don't do that.
I don't know what that means.
What does that mean?
Was he already here earlier?
I don't know.
Tech said he would be back today, but I don't have a time.
Be sure there was someone there to meet him.
Thank you for rescheduling this installation.
Once you have a new time, please let me know.
And I'll make certain that the fellow there is expecting your technician, the fellow there.
That must be you.
Yeah, I'm the fellow.
That's his communication with the bell Canada.
Order so and so has been cleared for your ISDN request in such and such a place.
The due date is today, May 4th.
Please be sure if someone is available to meet the technician between 8 a.m. and 12 p.m.
And we're not supposed to meet him downstairs in the lobby here in my place.
What is this all about?
We got a bunch of people talking to each other.
We don't know they're asked from each other's elbow.
Oh my god.
This is being handled typical QAM away.
Totally inept.
He'll be back.
So in other words, he was probably here already.
Maybe I'm getting that impression.
Donna and Delray, you probably talked about this already.
I wasn't listening.
Do you have any money on the woodbine?
Wonder mind that bird?
No, he was the woodbine horse by the way.
One four races in the road woodbine.
The 50 to one shot that wanted to derby with old and embarrassing Calvin Borrell with no teeth.
No, I didn't have any money on him.
I don't bet the horse is Donna.
Sorry.
We'll leave that to George.
That's right.
So what am I supposed to know now based on these emails that I just got?
How does that enlighten me in any way?
Just please be sure someone is there to meet him.
There you go.
Shannon Berk did the midday show on Real Radio, WTK.
The monsters are in the morning.
Jim Phillips in the afternoon.
The station is now looking for a midday slot.
Interested in syndicating your show?
No.
For no money, I'm sure.
I think I'm going to have a nervous collapse right on the floor here.
I'll take the microphone with you then, huh?
So we can hear it.
Well, it'd be the 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
This is CNN.
There is a possibility that Bristol-Paylon
leave by Johnston Bayby drama could be heading to court.
What Johnston told Larry King?
Did the Palette family, did they see him?
The little nuts.
Yeah.
Pretty crazy.
Well, at first you said you'd practice safe sex most of the time, right?
Right.
Pull out, not pull out.
Yeah.
It's actually clear in the ass.
A little bit.
Whoa.
It's a little different.
Glad you did.
Oh, I'm not sure.
Can't lose a bit of a shot.
I love that feeling of freedom.
Larry King, prepared to be collecting women's panties as souvenirs to CNN.
Uh-huh.
12-01560 WQA.
I'm known as a little bit raw for Joyce, I bet you.
Who?
Don't you think?
A little bit.
Brackdom.
But nevertheless.
So what's the deal now?
Any more emails?
No.
All right, now, maybe it's just me.
Maybe I'm being hard to get along with, okay?
Yeah.
Maybe you can explain to me what I'm supposed to do.
Hang out.
And do what?
And be surprised when somebody shows up at this point and tell them what?
What do I know about it?
Hi.
The studio is that way.
I don't think anybody expects you to know anything more than that.
David, and of course the original one, they were going to come from 8 a.m. till noon.
So they could have, and maybe that's why the phone rang in the middle of the show.
So maybe the guy was calling from downstairs, that first guy they called, that could be.
Makes sense.
David Starris says, hey guys, I'm so sorry to hear about Ken.
I was lucky to work with him in Hank and I've always cared and admired him very much.
In a CD business like Radio filled with people with no conscience or morals, Ken Walden was a lone shining light.
An example of class dignity, work ethic, professionalism and a standard bear for how people should behave with others.
I will think about him in the examples of character I learned from him the rest of my life.
Can you tell me any info about a memorial or funeral service for him?
No.
I'd be honored to be able to show my respect to him and his family.
Thanks for speaking for him now and over the years of David Starr.
Now we have no information because nobody seems to a give a crap.
Nothing in the newspapers, nothing from Tom Jicca or Barry Jackass.
Barry Jackass hasn't even found out the numbers came out yet I guess.
No.
Schlock, model your way through life.
That's South Florida baby. That's the South Florida work ethic.
Model your way through life like the Haitian cab drivers.
Can you imagine getting into a cab at any big city or any major metropolitan area and telling the cab where you're going to certain?
And you've got the exact address and the directions how to get there and they can't get there.
Shocking.
And I got to get a phone call at 425 in the morning trying to explain to this dumbled where the hell he's going.
And then I got to put on my bathroom and stand outside in front of the house and flag him down as he came up the street.
I didn't have to I guess but I just wanted to make sure because God only knows where the hell he was going.
This thing with this ISD in line this is so friggin outrageous.
Wouldn't it be nice? God only knows. Oh God only knows. Sounds like wouldn't it be nice?
Same point. Yeah exactly the same point. God only knows when they're going to show up.
I may not always. WSVN sues Nielsen ratings alleging monopoly.
And also they could fundamentally we make the television industry the owners of some photos WSVN Fox 7th Thursday accused Nielsen media research of recklessly arbitrarily,
capriciously understating the audience of its shows and asked the federal court to declare the ratings company and illegal monopoly.
Sunbeam television corporate Jones WSVN as well as Boston stations affiliated with the NBC and CW networks file the suit US just recorded Miami.
The accused Nielsen of producing defective wildly inaccurate ratings data that's reduced the stations value by $100 million in the past six months.
The company asked the court to find Nielsen in violation of both federal and state antitrust law and for damages that were unspecified,
were likely to be huge. Sunbeam said it's losing a million dollars a month.
Few people would just stare watching channels seven little bit more right specially that Drekko drive.
Who did I see down I saw L Sunshine waving his ham hocks and his head is ballooned up.
I'm telling you they stuck the bicycle pump in the back of his neck still do it for you.
His head is as big as the Humper he looks just like Thamper without the glasses.
L Sunshine.
I'm trying to think if I saw anybody else that I've ever seen before because every time I come back to town all the anchors are changed.
The weather guys change the everybody.
They're all different people.
It's not like the olden days baby with an Bishop Ralph redneck.
Glenn rinker.
Bob weaver.
Yep Bob sopper.
Rick weaver.
Wait till you hear this from another crazy person.
Hey Niel in the future is there any chance of you and Jim DeFeedy doing a show together.
They just make up crazy crap and write it down exactly like this.
What's the list of what based on what based on the fact that this in the civil war.
Can I finish and then you'll find out okay.
The fetus has a firm grip on the local national political scene and a huge appetite for exposing in proprieties that local politicians continue imposing on the general public as a huge appetite.
All right.
The two of you together could revolutionize the way talk radio is delivered and bring justice to this crooked city.
This is a crazy person.
Yeah bring justice to this crooked city.
Maybe bring a little extra fat but that's about it Jim DeFeedy's.
Oh the pain is just so great.
I'm serious I think we're just take off into a clock.
Go to about a four hour lunch.
Okay.
I mean what what does that mean where you sent me what what they sent you what does it mean there it is you're up to date.
Oh here we go Paul Smith another phony chronic let's stop right now the degrading of the Virgin Mary just because you don't believe in our center doesn't mean it's true.
It's not true repent while you still have time godless bag.
Remember in Leviticus 2013 man shall not lay with man many queers have been helped by the Virgin Mary.
The church it's not too late for you to get help the Catholic church which you hate so much has been helping boys with that problem for years.
There are priest trained to help both men and boys with the evil spirit of homosexuality can help while you still can in his name says the crazy phony Paul Smith.
Okay Lucy Lopez the fake Lucy Lopez says congratulations.
Oh co co co co co calculations if you could see how this is spelled.
So you enjoy on your ratings book I'm glad you're getting a bonus check.
I'm concerned about a few of your old callers haven't heard them emailing your show is the true that the quarter slot guy went to would buy to make you for lunch and play the slot.
She's with you know she I wonder if you see the photos of you two together I ripped your lap.
But it does a good job when you're not there if you could see all the spelling here I rip our IPP that's the quarter slot guy.
Is it the quarter slot guy who also would mention him who will see the rats ass.
Hechtel Lopez. Oh yeah Lucy ball.
Lucy B.M. Lucy Bowles.
I'm other used to use that expression I'm trying to remember how she would use Lucy Bowles I think it was it was wishful thinking on her part I say.
Oh what she wouldn't have given for just one day of wild diarrhea.
Up to wait now though.
She's regular in the sky.
Greg says I watch certainly not news this morning something on the crawl made my skin do the same it said pull shows church goers more like that a condone torture.
I laugh every time I hear people calling this a Christian country this country does everything opposite of Christ teachings.
Let me guess pull show church goers more like that a condone killings of gaze or blacks or pull show church goers more like that I have a.
Something in the closet full of guns in the ammo.
Shops off I can't read it you know how that goes right I say I don't really care you know.
Quite a few emails here I wouldn't say that any of them are worth reading or you know really good but a lot of illiterate crap good including the stuff from my George Saddamas fake agent.
Oh Barry Jackass says I'm sorry to hear about Ken I am aware of the ratings but there isn't much of a story other than the dominance of Paul and young Ron and the close race between
Jim Manich and Dan LeBaster so in other words this is somebody who's written about the ratings every time they come out and the fact that we kick their ass and every day part except after noon and
Dan you're tied them there that's not worth a story Barry this is definitely the fake Barry Jackass not much of a story there how about the story here in mid day huh.
Seems like a story to me doesn't seem like one to you yeah that's the same old story that's what they're going to say the same old story is right.
Barry just making excuses and if you're so sorry to hear about Ken why didn't you write anything about him in your column over the weekend.
Why don't we have some information on whether he had family or whether there's going to be some kind of a service.
Why don't we have something okay the guy used to be the program director of WGBS who was on the station for 600 years he got kicked out the door
on ceremoniously by Jolly Jo Bell to say 50 Cent a week put him in an early grave and these people don't have the hoodspin they don't have the balls to write about a great
kind of like Ken Maldon you suck Barry you stink I can smell you all the way up here.
Hey yo man what's up with the cook the mishpuh.
Lenny's asked America what they want they did it all you can eat breakfast.
I want more than just a lot of food.
I want a lot of choices.
Bacon pancakes and eggs anyway I want them.
Oh and sausages those little sausages that look like dog turds.
Yeah the ones that always come stuck together why is that.
I don't want to warm under a heat lamp at some fast food place I want to warm under a heat lamp at Lenny's.
Tell you how I want it I want bacon really fatty and lean so that when you pick it up you sort of juke off your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so they're hot as a rock.
And I want it served by a fat selling waitress or the mustache so I haven't excused a stiffer.
Hey where are you doing bitch now.
And I don't want to stand in line I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time.
They do that at Denny Lenny's.
America others a new all you can eat grand slam breakfast menu at Lenny's it's everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more of it at room temperature.
Prove 16 see the way the thing should have gone down with his eyes the end is that the Toronto engineer should have been.
You know appointed to be here this afternoon whenever these guys are going to show up right then he could be here to meet them and then I could go on my merry way and go to lunch and live my life.
And he could show them what to do and where to stick it but no that that's because they don't want to pay him to come here.
Okay I'm sure that must have something to do with it because if he's going to come over here of course every time he comes here they have to pay him.
Okay follow what I'm saying yeah Larry says hey handsome.
There's only one person we know whoever says that or ever did Roger Faggallon.
Hey handsome I must try and say that Denny has gone a lot better over the last 10 years since the law suits about serving certain ethnic peoples.
So ethic peoples you're either spelling the illiteracy and these emails today the worst crap coincidence they started making the menu a little more up to date.
Go to their website and join the breakfast club get this con coupons by email no thanks Larry I don't need no discount coupons it Denny's are anywhere else.
Do this do that but a beep but a beep but a beep. Crazy people that it's all we got just crazy people what do you fax him in.
The thing little blurbs somebody fax over.
Larry from the north whatever that means sends this from the Palm Beach post.
Outrage oh I got an article about that documentary Kirby Dick who's smack down the film ratings board and this film is not ready yet takes on closet politicians who lobby for anti gay legislation one of his chief targets.
Governor Charlie Christ yeah I got the is a Joan Fleischman somebody's article about that in my pile.
That's right hard.
Okay I'll get to it this relax I'm Larry from the north.
This whatever that means.
We're seven seven two area code.
Seven seven two let me see it again.
Seven seven two.
Siete siete dose.
Looking looking looking up Vegas really.
Well I wouldn't worry tell us he was in Vegas.
Maybe he's losing his ass or maybe he's out there with all your heart.
Sorry John Cope opened the door he didn't say Vegas.
Viro Portcent Lucy Fort Pierce Sebastian Stewart.
Say one I think you just said Vegas.
A cop opened the door and he said something and I said Vegas and then he closed the door.
Obviously that's not what he said.
Jimmy Dorsky is here he says what is he talking about on Twitter.
Yeah Jimmy Dorsky he seems like that kind of guy would be a tittering on Twitter.
About being put in a difficult position but I'm Georgia's friend and wish him well.
So evidently Flea's writing stuff on Twitter about the fact that they want to stick him in there to stab you in the back.
Okay that's all he says and he doesn't elaborate so those of us who haven't heard the show lately have no idea what's going on.
I like Flea but you're hoping he's never replacing George and then he goes to where where where.
About delivery charge for the gift certificate you ordered and then he says can't wait to try out cafe Bella Sarah.
Thanks for the great deal.
Okay Jimmy quit bitching okay go bet belly into somebody else.
So what's the ultimate final resolution I need to be doing this on the air but nobody told me anything I never got an email you know.
Yeah I'm on a I'm forward in you so as I finish his downloading here we go.
There's more.
I got an email back from George because I asked him I replied to that yeah asking if we could get a time.
And he said they would only commit to this afternoon that means between now and 4 p.m.
Gee.
Oh the phone's ringing I'll be back.
Maybe he's there.
Oi.
I'll make you so sure about it.
Got a window.
What I need with that.
If you should have me.
Okay there here.
He's coming on up.
Okay.
Right in the middle of the show.
Tell George Corso that I'm going to get a voodoo down I'm going to stick it the pins in his.
Let them.
What an idiot.
The guy's coming up now what what's he going to do while I'm on your doing a show.
I don't know.
He's going to be knocking on my door any second.
So you're going to be doing a couple minutes here while looking when it comes here.
All right let me load up a bit or something.
Yeah load up something.
Yeah I'll load something up unloaded.
Greg says just sent my Nielsen radio book back there there is no Nielsen radio book.
Right unfortunately was for the telehasse area.
Hate to break the news for you there's no Nielsen radio ratings sorry.
How did the QM host do in the ratings especially the afternoon I've been through all of this sorry Cynthia.
How come Dave Johnson doesn't call a Kentucky Derby anymore on the radio I miss down the stretch they come because Dave Johnson's retired that's all retired.
Oh there's a dead Spanish language sportscaster according to very jackass.
I think there's somebody at my door.
Yeah.
I'm telling you they're coming up now.
Yeah you mentioned that in the middle of the show.
Maybe hammering and pochkin I have no idea what they're going to do.
Hopefully it'll be really noisy.
But I'll leave the mic open so that when I go to the room you can hear it maybe I'll talk real loud.
Just tell them not to use the effort.
Yeah.
Well spell can to you when expect them to be.
Have a big pony mouth would you sure I would.
And let me ask you this where is the guy already I don't know how I've got to send him up like how what was it two three minutes ago they're about how long does it take to come up the elevator maybe he's lost.
Maybe.
I have no idea what he's going to need to do do you have any idea.
Oh there he is at the door knock on the door I'll be back all right.
Everybody needs a fear especially me.
Not a good idea to appear like the minting queen.
Okay great you said they'll stay out of my way as much as they can okay he's a big tall goofball from bell Canada great.
So what are you going to have to do.
I mean make a lot of noise because the audience will enjoy that right.
Good he said that's excellent.
He said this year wasn't handled very well wasn't I said no sure wasn't it's the QA M F and way that's where we do it.
Not slow not fast just half fast.
Oh but at least he's here now which means maybe a two o'clock I can go out to lunch with that be nice.
So tell George Corso thanks a lot for handling this typically a typical QM fashion just brutal absolutely brutal.
Now that's not the old line you're going to pull out now is it.
Yeah he's pulling the old line out so if we get disconnected I'll go to lunch early how's that I guess.
He's pulling something out of the wall 1224 QA M this Neil Rogers.
God.
Show this tonight Susan Boyle brand new makeover madness tonight Susan star makeover it's the explosive interview you'll see only on show this tonight.
Susan you have massive makeover.
Yes.
Boat talks like both hair extensions.
Yes.
Bekeen you wax back wax face wax.
Yes.
And those are the largest breast implants I've ever seen on a mammal.
Oh my gosh it's fantastic.
I couldn't believe it tonight you're fired up phone call you should go back to the way you used to look.
Why should I because you look like a cross between Joan Rivers Pamela Anderson and Juvaca keep it real Susan.
I'll try to see a thing show this tonight.
Okay 12 30 at 5 60 WQM so the Abel South guy's going to be back in a second.
All right.
He's looking around he says I hope you have enough lines for this and looking in the wall looking on the floor.
And whatever poorly coordinated that's all I can tell you poorly poorly done.
As only you'd expect at WQM and especially from our engineering staff led by the infamous George Corso nice going George not you.
Oh thank you.
So this is from Greg who's upset because I said the Nielsen doesn't do radio ratings the world leader in media measurement and today announced this is Monday May 4th.
Now starting in 2009 Nielsen will provide audience measurement radio ratings in 50 small minutes as you as markets.
Why you got to call me a liar.
That's it we are done FU from Greg in the panel handle.
Well good we're done by Greg.
Did you ever hear of Nielsen doing radio measurements?
Nope.
Not till just now.
Well I'll be damned.
And they better not mess around with arbitrage man after that great book we just had in that bonus money.
Oh yeah baby.
How much of George has got to spend already.
Oh yeah.
I'm going to send you that damn check you know I could have sent it to you when I was down there and you got it one day.
Oh well if you would remind me.
Well I wasn't going to be too embarrassing to say are you sending me some money or what.
Yeah it would be very embarrassing.
So I'm not going to do it.
I guess I shouldn't be embarrassed at this point.
There's nobody else's embarrassed and I notice court has never cast his check how do you like that.
The Supreme Court today ordered a federal appeals court to reexamine its ruling in favor of CBS court in a legal hassle over entertainer Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction.
The high court today directed the third U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia to reconsider reinstating the $550,000 fine the FCC imposed on CBS over Jackson's breast bearing performance in the 2004 stupid bowl.
The order follows the high court ruling my suite that narrowly upheld the FCC's policy threatening fines against even one time users of curse words on live TV.
Last year the appeals court throughout the fine against CBS saying the FCC strayed from its long held approach of applying identical standards towards an image when reviewing complaints of indecency.
The appellate court said the incident lasted 916th of one second and should have been regarded as fleeting.
The FCC previously deviated from its nearly 30 year practice of finding indecent broadcast programming only when it was so pervasive as to amount to shock treatment for the audience the court said.
The FCC appealed in the Supreme Court.
The case had been put off all the justices dealt with the challenge by Fox TV against the FCC's policy on fleeting exploits.
How do you like that?
Another blow to the free speech, free expression on Samuel Krab.
So who's going to be played?
I think Joyce Kaufman is going to replace David Souter on the Supreme Court.
Don't you? That's what I'm hearing with her.
Oh, point one. Share.
She's the best Joyce Kaufman. What she got?
Not much.
As close to a zero as you can get without actually having a zero.
And consistently on the bottom of the page on both the time slots, two to four and four to seven.
Nice going Steve Lapa.
Man, you're really making an impact in this market.
Not.
That's true. That's a normal Ken Spuddy. Steve Lapa.
Say it.
James Crystal Radio.
Oh, yeah. That's that's where he was going to get me in.
I bet you we could have done better than a point something.
Maybe a little bit better.
Wouldn't have got any money, but nevertheless we got some good stock though.
Ooh, some stock options from James Crystal Radio.
That Norma Mendes.
He know his his broadcasting or what? Is he a maven?
So Barry Jackass sends me this cordial sportscaster with radio mom B is dead.
So Vellio Del Valle, a popular Spanish language sportscaster for more than three decades,
died yesterday from heart complications. He was 85. He lived in Hylia.
With a constant smile on the act for a respectful rapport with his listeners,
Del Valle led the sports coverage for radio mom B.
W-A-Q-I, wacky radio 710, which he used to be WGBS speaking of Ken Walden.
Arnie Warren was on GBS.
What are you going like that?
I'm just acknowledging Arnie en Amos.
Uh huh.
He was boring.
Anyway, getting back to Del Valle, he was so well known that U.S. representatives,
Ilyana Rosanna-Danard-Latinan and Lincoln Diaz-Balart, both Miami Republicans,
praised him on the floor of the House of Representatives.
Can't imagine why.
Said Diaz-Balart, a lifelong journalist he possessed in unparalleled knowledge of sports and sports history.
And he was also the personification of cordiality grace, good humor, patriotism, decency, and friendship.
Said Ross Latinan, Tevamos, a extraar, a Savaidio, we will miss you Savaidio.
Speak in English, okay, bitch?
God, he pisses me off.
When even my little Mexican friend has astonished at how little English is being spoken in South Florida,
and that's in Broward County, what does that tell you, huh?
Yeah.
He said, I thought in the U.S. that everybody would be speaking English.
I said, guess what?
Do you not in the U.S.?
Right.
You're in South Florida.
No speaking English, a key.
Del Valle customerly began his broadcast.
My cordial friends were very good afternoon, and I always ended with my cordial friends were very good luck,
and very good afternoon.
My cordial friends.
When impressed me most about Savaidio was his character.
I never saw him upset, said, Luis Iike Quintana, the Spanish language commentator for the Marlins.
He was the person who interviewed me when I was seeking political asylum,
and that interview opened the door for me to get into radio.
Del Valle was born on September 14th.
What I say, February 14th.
There's a new month for you.
Faptember?
Faptember, 1924, in Fomento, a town in the Cuban province of Las Vias.
He banded and began his career near-rating baseball games in his hometown, and it goes on and on.
When he moved to Radio Mambe shortly after the station was founded in 1985, Perez Rora came with him.
His co-host Armando Perez Rora.
In 1988, he became the first Spanish-speaking voice of the newly established heat franchise,
along with commentator Jose Pagnita.
Speaking English, okay, speaking English, he was very Tuesday at Woodland Park North Symmetry.
I guess this is last week.
I'm talking about yesterday.
This is a little, Barry Jackass, a little bit late, a little bit slow, Barry, just like the story about the numbers.
There's not much of a story there.
If that was up on 44 speaking numbers.
And what about Ken Maldon? Is that not a story, Barry?
You're just kind of information.
You're just out of the loop, Barry.
Bush League, man. Bush League.
I said that way back 1976.
Yep.
33 years ago.
I said it was a Bush League town, and guess what? It's a Bush League town.
I think the door is opening. I think the bell-candidate guy is coming back in.
Is he back?
Or maybe he's just opening and closing the door and making it seem like he's doing something?
Maybe it's a killer. Maybe it's a slasher.
It could be. He looks like it.
He looks dangerous.
He's got a sharp knife in his box.
Which personnel change should occur on this show?
That's our poll question today. We got 432 vote.
Not too shabby. Don't change a thing. 172.
Keep George and add Flea to the show in 93.
Fire George. I don't care who replaces him. 51.
Bring back Fat Chris 40. Fire everybody. 23.
Bring back Josh Cortes 18.
Flea should replace George. George stays on his board off 16.
Flea should replace George. George goes 11. Fire kneel 8.
That's our kind audience out there.
Those are our good friends in radio land.
Fire this one. Fire everybody.
These are the people we're counting on to come, you know, stick up for us when things are really tough.
Yeah.
So what's that twittering thing with the Flea?
I don't know. How fresh is that?
Is there something that happens to me Dorsky? I don't know. How fresh is it?
Yeah.
Is something happening in this meeting over here that I should know about maybe?
Am I fired already? No. After the show.
Oh.
In the middle of the show, we only have the guy come and pochki around with the line.
I see.
Diane Evan Churro says Rachel Alexander wins a Kentucky OS by 20 lines.
Mine that bird wins a Kentucky Derby by at least five lines.
And what does that mean?
I accept that Calvin Bolrell, old and no teeth, wrote them both.
Well, what does that mean? I mean, what what is that all about?
I don't know.
Very strange. Barbara Ringersdale get to that later.
Oh, a lot of dead people.
A lot of old but a lot of dead people had nobody ever heard of.
In fact, I think maybe we're going to make a show out of that in honor of Joe Bell.
Just read old bittuaries from all over the world.
Only of people had nobody ever heard of.
What do you think?
It sounds like a plan.
New film.
I think it's a plan.
And it's a more carefully laid out plan than this ISDN thing.
I'll tell you that.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bell on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
All right, Mr. Hawking, almost finished with your bath.
Don't worry, you have to wash my private.
Oh, that's right. I did forget.
I'm sorry.
But sadly, I have to leave and go to my second job as a bikini model.
Nurse Perry here will finish washing you.
All right.
Okay?
No.
Toot of the...
So you want me to wash your junk, huh?
My junk is fine.
Thank you.
Don't worry.
I'll give you bits and pieces a good one, so...
That's it.
I'm leaving.
I got me some magic hands.
No.
No.
No.
Well, I'll make.
I always thought he couldn't walk.
Imagine that.
What does that mean?
What?
I guess he got up and ran away.
1244-16-0105-60-WQM1.
Nothing.
Hey, what?
What?
Quick check, as it said.
But no one has sent an open for Ken Walden.
Would you, Hank, or anyone from the station, be able to send info to LA Brecker?
Spelled wrong.
At the Harold.
That's got her email address.
No, I wouldn't because I don't have any information.
I don't think Ken had any...
I haven't heard.
You know, we...
I talked about it on Friday, uh...
Yeah.
Spoken to him, he never mentioned anybody...
When we heard that he was sick in the hospital, you know, we didn't hear that, uh...
You know, nobody contacted us.
You know, normally we get a lot of emails from people.
Right.
That we know.
I don't think he had any, you know, a family in South Florida.
No, I know of.
So the answer is no, Barry.
You're gonna have to do a little work on your own.
Would you be able to send us something?
Yeah, I'll send you something.
And where's the story on the ratings, Barry?
We finally get a good book and right away.
Oh, I don't see any reason.
Oh, you're right.
I think compelling in that book, yeah.
I see something compelling, Barry.
It's your...
Rectum.
Ask.
Or here's some bad news from Richard Gardner in Ormond by the sea.
Erica Roman, Morning Host for Cox Radio's WPY OFM, Power 95.3 Orlando was killed Friday and crashed on the Florida Turnpike.
She was only 31.
Which area has she got killed?
Okay.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, Romans were to avoid a lounge chair that fell from a boat being towed on the highway.
Her car went out of control, flipped and landed in a drainage ditch.
A Florida State trooper and other passengers by jumped into the water and knocked out the windows and free Roman from her seatbelt.
The trooper then tried cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 20 minutes, was unable to revive Roman.
WPY was website as inviting listeners to post remembrances of the popular radio personality.
Police are still seeking the driver of the car which had been pulling the boat.
And when they find him, they ought to shoot him.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All these people that they're, they're, they're schlepping stuff on the highway and it's loosely tied down or barely tied down at all.
Like trucks that are called in trash and starts flying off the back of the damn truck all over the damn highway.
Yeah.
You ever see that?
All the time?
All the time.
Just this morning.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact.
And how she's dead.
Tragedy.
Well, there's stuff, that's right.
I didn't work on Friday.
So there's leftover not a lot, not a whole lot.
So the guy's out in the hallway looking for stuff.
I don't know what he's doing out.
No, he's not doing anything.
He's having a sandwich.
I have no idea.
But he pulled this stuff out of the wall here and he looked at and said, oh boy.
Really?
No, he didn't say that.
I don't know if we got enough lines here.
I sure hope there's enough lines.
Of course, God forbid that they should find these things out ahead of time.
I know what the hell's going on here.
God forbid they should do that or get the Toronto engineering here.
Are you nitpicking?
Yes.
I'm no as picking.
And it's already almost one o'clock.
So God only knows if this guy's going to be done by two.
I sure hope so.
Anyway, here's Massagoth.
Or is the rest of this story?
The rest of this email.
Here it is.
Told you.
I've heard you ask on several occasions W.M.C.U.
If you ever heard of that, George would always say no and either of I.
Right.
Well, it's a religious station.
I only know that because I was raised in it.
But since forsaken Jesus Christ, nowadays I believe that it's traumatic to teach children
Christianity with its ultimatum from God that says one must accept his unJesus as your personal
savior garbage or you'll spend your eternity in hell as if.
I further believe that Christianity was the cause of the fall of Rome since it being
pagan Rome that is was united under one God at the time and history named Antonius.
Or you ought to see how he spelled that.
And Antonius was worshiped upon all three continents of the Roman Empire was even imprinted on the money.
Thus the religion threatened the cult of Christ so the Christians came on to seem behaving as usual as barbarians
and killing people would not convert for Jesus.
And maybe the US also be aware that Christianity may be the cause of the USA's folly too.
He says anyway W.M.C.U. used to stand for Miami Christian University but since then the station had been sold.
From Lord Malok.
Isn't that marginally interesting?
Not marginally.
Marginally.
Not titillating or fascinating but marginally interesting.
We'll take anything we can get.
Right.
Believe me most of the ones we've had today.
Oh boy.
Oh Mike Johnson's back.
Although not an option on the pool.
I say keep me.
You'll keep George.
Add free and add fat Chris.
And that's what we're doing looking to add more personnel to the shows.
Add more to the payroll.
It could be just like Stern show where 20 people work on the show and talk over each other.
So you can't hear what they're saying.
Seriously keep the show as it is.
Let's flee in fact Chris.
Sub is needed but keep their arses on the sideline with jolly Joe.
That's his take.
Well thanks for your take Mike.
Yes thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
George is all I'm sure up about this pool and also about that twittering by a flea.
Whatever.
I still understand how I got it supposed to be doing six jobs.
And they wanted to do a seventh.
How he's got time to be twittering.
Maybe don't take a lot of time or why he would want to do it in the first place.
Maybe you tweet the twitters while he's on the toilet.
Well he's twitter on the schmitter.
Yeah.
I see.
454 votes on the pool.
No change of thing.
183.
Forty percent say don't change a thing.
Especially after this book came out if they start poaching around with his show.
They're crazier than even we believe they are.
Believe me.
We know how crazy is I believe they are.
Here's this article by Beth Reinhardt and a herald about this new film.
Outrage.
Yeah.
She says two things you should know about outrage.
A new documentary that skewers politicians who are gay and private but oppose gay rights in public.
It's a worthwhile provocative movie and it does not out Governor Charlie Christ.
The movie by Academy Award nominee Kirby Dick premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York last week.
Was shown Thursday at the game has been Film Festival of Miami Beach.
It opens May 15th in South Florida.
The film is worth seeing not because it breaks any new ground on Chris sexuality because it doesn't.
It relies on hearsay from shadowy sources clever edits and innuendo to build a feeble case.
Chris is the night that he's gay.
Even though everybody with a brain knows that he is.
But the film does make a coherent compelling argument about the dangers of listening.
Of electing politicians who lie about their sexuality.
Aside from the obvious personal destruction the closet wreaks on self and families it enables politicians to live above the law.
The part of the movie featuring Chris opens during the 2006 campaign a newscaster in tones.
Charlie Christ 50 single no kids does know no home what more do you need to know right?
Well plenty even new times blogger Bob Norman who's reporting his repackage in the film wrote this week.
So yes I'm in the new film outrage and to know why for no proof that our governor is gay.
Ask about the lack of evidence Dick says in a telephone interview that it's hard to have 100% proof he's a long way from that.
Especially when compared with other targeted politicians knew either acknowledged being gay.
And sex with men willing to talk about it on camera or in the case of former Idaho Senator Larry Craig.
Got arrested making a passing undercover cop in a man's bathroom.
When in doubt he tapped it out.
As for approving the charge of Christian hypocrisy the film shows his awkward response to a question on same sex marriage at a Tampa debate eight days before the 2006 election.
At that time Chris was a briefly married former longtime bachelor.
I believe that marriage is a sacred relationship between a man and a woman Chris said a marriage is a relationship like my mother and father had like I had before I got divorced.
The movie also hammers Chris for supporting the constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage on the 2008 ballot yet it omits that Chris didn't stump for the ban.
And unlike former governor Jeff Bush didn't oversee a $300,000 donation from the Republican Party of Florida the pro amendment campaign.
Chris just said he has a live and let the attitude and that civil unions are fine.
That's basically the same position taken by President Obama still thinks that the amendment might not have passed without Chris support.
Look at the significance of this amendment which may be the most important legacy of Charlie Christ dick said if he truly has a live and let Lou Vannitude that would correspond to allow engaged in lesbian stammery.
The movie closes with the video from Chris 2008 wedding shown in slow motion for an ominous effect.
It comes at an awkward time for Chris as he considers running for the US Senate in 2010.
Knowing Chris anti confrontational style here look nor the film because the scenes that don't involve him are so compelling I don't think movie go as well compelling.
This ended by Cliff and Kendall thank you Cliff.
The scenes are compelling you like that yes like compelling radio wonder what Mr. Radio thinks about that maybe he's going to go watch it he can become Mr. movies now to Mr. TV Mr. Movie.
Mr. Ass Mr. Man yeah Mr. Man.
For Francisco says that jockey looked like he needed to be admitted yeah he's a mental case Calvin Borrell old coup.
And look at this the fake Larry King sends me an attachment I mean a link.
Oh it's the Twitter thing though so you're nearly I wouldn't click on the link.
Flea five sixty I'm ready for the day but headed to it with my guard up.
What's the date the date six hours ago from flea.
He said he was responding to something that said Rosenberg had wrote wrote written.
He says I actually am not but I've been put in a difficult position I'm Georgia's friend and I'm I wish him well.
I don't know what it's a response to the said Rosenberg said good luck I heard you're gunning for Georgia's job good luck.
Really why is it Rosenberg twittering with the flea and why is flea twittering with said Rosenberg.
With his dismal dismal numbers dismal would be an exaggeration understatement dreadful.
Dismal embarrassing humiliating and degrading.
If he asked me but then again what do I know I've only been doing this a hundred years right five a.m.
A 1.06 a.m. A zero I didn't even notice that 0.7 and six said 0.7 and men 2554 0.7.
It begins with a so I can't imagine why they blew a month other than that other thing that we know was going on to.
We'll just wait you a month what just wait till we put a month we will.
Although I don't think so I think that the big ol might be on safe ground of these got a 2.1.
When's the last time we had a 2 share between 2.4 I guess when mad dog was on right since then it's been really lame we had Moe and Guldi and.
Bo camper come on that's a come on that's a succession of one shares man and I've got a 2.1 in there man we're kicking big smelly ass.
If the one to do our.
This man suffers from sprained fingers syndrome and affliction that plagues thousands of radio listeners every day after 2 p.m.
That's one another 20 hours of sports programming begins.
They must wait until 10 a.m. when it's safe to turn the radio on once more for some laughs and a little information before the relentless corporate cycle of the gay code of sports battle commences once again.
The sports format was designed to program you into leaping little sports fairies that gush over poorly educated athletes with an occasional who to over sports illustrated swimsuit issues in a display of thinly veiled manliness.
How sprained fingers syndrome help us find a cure won't you help.
Yeah okay it's a 1 o'clock at 560 WQ and big O at 2 mad dog at 4 after that well after that we begin our nighttime with our 0.3 sharing including that 0.0 between 10 and 11 p.m.
All right then I tell you last week I said guaranteed at least one hour and there at night going to be a 0.0.
Well I'm not a dead people boy let's do the 1 to 2 hour with obituaries.
Okay now let me ask you this what what are we going to do about finding out some material about Ken.
Is there anybody we can talk to Hank the Humper I'm just pulling names out of my art.
So why doesn't Barry Jack has call Hank directly I'm sure he's got Hank's number.
Yeah of course that would be the real Barry Jack.
Right I think it is the real Barry Jack.
And you say no by the way this guy never came back in he's out in the hall doing something maybe there's a phone room where they have all the lines you know switch board kind of a thing.
Not a switch board thing you know the thing not like an operator hello operator switch board but yeah phone room like you said with all the circuits in there.
There you go now you're talking that is how you're talking to phone business that is a switch board also.
Oh it's board got switches well wouldn't you think they must have something like that they must well he's out there looking for it or dealing with it.
Yeah doing something must be which I sure hope he doesn't look for too long has come to a clock although I guess I could leave him here too right.
I guess that's him.
What do you mean ask him well he'll be able to tell you if he needs you or not who else would he needs me for what what the am I going to do moral support no I'm not giving him any oral support I mean moral support.
You didn't just ask me something did you know it's a it's a fax ad web design essentials and it's page one of three.
All right.
Master the essential skills you need to know so you can create a manager own unique website and record time wow and they got some seminars coming up what do you think.
Yeah you should go no I should go to wood one I should get my car to a clock and just haul ass.
I wasn't really going to go today but I think maybe maybe today you weren't going to go is that you should go and you win like Zidians of dollars sure that's a good way looking at it.
Or maybe the day you weren't going to go is that you shouldn't go because you're going to lose it in Zidia I don't know right now you worth a hard rock what night Friday night a couple weeks Thursday.
Couple Thursdays ago.
Now how come I was reading some more of that Twitter stuff from flea or Georgia I'll be at the hard rock tonight that would have been then when we went.
Oh couple of years ago you did you gamble there did you just know we want to see the battle of the bands at the hard rock cafe I see you didn't plan your guts out no good thinking.
I don't have gambling money Salam al-Rouche a ro you see a to Greek foreign Jewish boxer who survived the Auschwitz death camp in World War two by winning fight after fighting against fellow prisoners to the delight of Nazi guards would place their bets on them died in Israel April 26th he was 86.
That's old enough Salam al-Rouche in 1990 working out in a boxing ring in Bat Yam Israel there's a picture of him after World War two he was relocated to Palestine his family announced the death of newspaper our rights no immediate cause was given but they said he never recovered from a stroke 15 years ago.
Mister our wishes literal fight for survival was the basis for the 1989 movie the triumph of the something the spirit see this is chopped off on a right.
Okay I think I think if I ever got that fixed it would not be a good thing no would be less interesting.
I'm just answering a thing here it's okay about one of my parking spots downstairs be twittering no I'm not twittering you tweet.
Oh God. Mister our wishes literal fights for survival was the basis for the 89 movie triumph of the spirit directed by Robert Young with William Defoe playing the five foot six hundred and thirty five pound boxer who won hard rock.
The average of matches over two years of the Auschwitz broken out complex and southern Poland on May 15th 1943 after days crammed in a box car Mister our Roosha long with his parents fear resistors and brother arrived at Auschwitz his mother and sisters were immediately taken to the gas chambers.
I guess they didn't come back.
It was the first of more than 200 fights that Mister Roosha would win it says here describes the five with only two draws they were like cock fights he said stage every Wednesday and Sunday night in a smoke filled warehouse with the guards drinking and placing their bets.
Yeah come on in.
No have to knock I'm still still doing this horse ball show I mean wasn't that polite see that's the Canadian way they knock on the door polite very nice as opposed to just a batching it down and as opposed to knocking it down with a crowbar and doing the American with the South Florida F and way you know.
Have any success. Yes okay let's hear it is having some success and that good that's very good which means maybe he'll be done by two o'clock night no to lunch.
I thought I want to be push you know now that he's already here because I'm sure that this is very important for the new building.
It wasn't important enough for them to tell me was going to happen or anything about it but it must be mighty important when you think must be.
Barbara ringer is dead there's another stiff for you how do you like that Barbara ringer yeah aren't you depressed not the register of copyrights Barbara ringer yes never heard of her.
How did you know that I googled her when you said her name earlier oh god boy you were quick on that.
She just graduated from Columbia University's law school in 1949 when she joined the copyright office at the Library of Congress.
She was the force behind the copyright law how do you like that huh. Yeah within a few years she said about revising our KXET laws that have been placed since 1909 before the invention of TV or commercial radio before copying machines in the modern recording industry let alone cable TV home computers and the Internet's.
Ringer believed above all that copyright should protect the creative people in America the author song writers and performers who's worked too often was printed plagiarized of broadcast without permission.
By 1955 she was writing papers and commissioning studies on how the nation's copyright law should be revised ringer died April 9th of complications from dementia at a nursing home in Lexington virgin she was 83 dementia she must have been maybe she knew Joyce.
That could be think. For years she devoted much of her time to drafting a comprehensive copyright act in educating congressional representatives about why was needed.
For seeing the rise of the Internet she inserted provisions in law to protect authors from the unauthorized reproduction of their work even by means yet not devised.
The basic human rights of individual authors throughout the world she wanted 1975 speech of being sacrificed more and more on the author of the technological revolution.
She spent 21 years drafting legislation and lobbying Congress before the copyright act of 76 was finally passed she wrote most of the bill herself how do you like that.
And now she died she's dead. A lot of that going around man sure Lord works in mysterious ways.
She comes along does a hell of a job and then all of a sudden she gets dementia and then she dies she croaks.
Now what do you think about the Ken Maldon situation what are we going to do about that.
Do you not have Hank's number no well maybe I do what what do you mean do I have Hank's number.
So that you can ask Hank I can call Hank and ask Hank about it. Yeah what a good idea glad you thought of it.
No I'm not the one who's going to be writing a thing about it in the Miami hero to the scum sentinel maybe time.
Well then I don't think anybody else will.
Well why not I just get that feeling.
Well that's a pretty that's a pretty sorry situation. Yeah it is.
You ever get to say like you're the only one that cares about something. Yeah.
Like you know something you go to work right on like every day. Yeah.
Well that sucks sure.
Oh here's one from Al Rodriguez. Do you know that I had a thing I heard this no not that thing.
I had a thing from Al Rogers. Oh yeah me too. Did you really?
Mm-hmm. Well how fast did I delete that.
I mean it's something to be a crazy person it's nothing to be crazy enough that you don't go away.
You wouldn't you know the people hate you like poison.
You know what I mean yeah like that.
Al Rogers just go away Al don't go away mad just go away and don't ever come back don't darken our door ever again.
We hate you like poison I wish you would croak look at all the good people are dying and our Rogers still wasting oxygen.
Breathing fresh air that decent people could be breathing.
So Al not that Al a different Al says I've been listening to you in your side kicks for years.
You're entertaining unique and I would not change a thing hope you enjoy it stay another hundred years but your website needs change it.
Stale boring and lack of imagination change it or updated in capital letters.
Change it or updated. How do you like that another pushy bastard do this do that.
Change it or update it. Yeah.
I looked at it I mean we could take the Brady Quinn pictures off there would be okay.
Mm-hmm some of the old stuff but I don't think it's all that bad.
Do you know it's fine.
Maybe you ought to coordinate with Eric and change it or update it.
Your choice we can do both why aren't both the same if you updated isn't that changing it you know you're right.
Although you could change it without updating it you could put a bunch of old crap on that's right we can just move stuff around.
Yeah or we could do the break.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Neil God.
Jason Boyer.
Hey Susan Boyle, South Gore.
I'm just raging out at the Coachella music festival.
I have the great band.
I'm the singer here but you know who the best singer in the world is that would be you.
I probably the greatest in the world.
God I'm thirsty.
Oh damn hot.
Hey hey time.
Did you go to grab us another six sir?
You or the man?
God my shirt off right now.
So anyway sweetheart I just want to say if you're still looking to be kids.
I totally want to kiss you right now.
I want to kiss you all over.
I know.
I want to kiss you all over.
Hey you know what I like about you you're a virgin.
I totally respect that.
I totally want a chiro.
So I got to go.
I'm going to go Susan Boyle.
Boyle.
Boyle.
Boyle.
Boyle.
Susan Boyle.
Boyle Boyle Boyle.
Needs an eyebrow wax in.
Ah.
You be good.
All right.
Bye.
Wow.
Okay you say about that.
Nothing.
Boyle Boyle Boyle.
117 at 560 W.
Here I'm here listen to it.
I'll be great okay.
That's too bad.
Rich Pactor who just drives me insane says you didn't hear it from me but now you remember
when I was reading that thing from Barry Jackass about could Hank or I or somebody
send the information about Ken to Ellie Brecher?
Yes.
At the Harold.
So Rich Pactor says the obituary writer at the Harold is Ellie Brecher.
Shh.
He writes.
Thanks Rich.
Like he likes it's a big shock and surprise like we don't know that.
But then Rich knows it so it must be extraordinarily important because he is a legend in his own mind.
He's just he's an ass clown Rich Pactor.
And I wonder Paul Harvey Jr. hated him like poison.
And I think a chicken act too doesn't he hate him?
I think they're chummy again.
Are they really?
How sad.
Brandon says what happened to Ken?
I haven't been listening because I'm swimming in paperwork and meetings today.
More or less.
More or less.
He died.
Also I must agree says Brandon the website could use a facelift.
Your site has been for the most part the same for over 10 years.
And the average website gets a makeover once a year or at the very least every two years.
Now what would you do different that I don't know?
I dabble in web design at one time Brandon says but not in years and when it comes to web design.
If you're out of the loop for six months everything is different and you have to learn all over again.
Eric says yes he has some changes in mind that he'll start on after the move.
After the move?
Yeah I guess he's moving.
Even after the move to the new building.
No.
Or after his move?
His move.
He's moving to what?
He's going to have a bowel move.
He's having a big bowel move?
Listen in his case it couldn't hurt.
Eric.
Maybe he could lose two or three ounces you know?
Is he still gigantic or what?
I always say that and then you tell me he's not fed anymore.
No no I told you that he lost 60 pounds from the first time I saw him to the second time that I saw him.
And the second time that I saw him was the last time that I saw him.
And that's a long time ago.
Yes.
And I saw him that day too the night and he was fat.
Yes.
I mean not fat like me but he was fed in me.
Correct.
So what are you saying who had a good bowel movement?
Somebody just said.
Me.
Oh.
Bobo it's a long time L.A. sports writer dies.
He was 93 boy if that ain't old enough I don't know what is.
Is 93 old enough?
Unless you're like 92 and a half.
Right.
Former L.A. Times sports writer Bobo it's he covered 39 consecutive super bowls.
And was the last surviving original member of the pro football Hall of Fame selection panel.
And now he's dead.
Even right up to the last meeting attendant he was as informed and prepared for the first meeting Joe Horrigan.
VP of communications for the pro football Hall of Fame said it was a pleasure to have him in the room.
He was a grand old man.
He had a soft voice but everyone listened and paid attention.
Bobo it's here.
Hear him?
No.
I wonder if he was kind of Holland.
Oh.
Or maybe Adam Oates or so your Oates.
Known as an analytical writer who focused on the exes knows of the game.
Oates began his streak of covering the Super Bowl with the first one.
Fitted the Coliseum in 1967.
He worked eight successive ones through Super Bowl 39 on February of 6th 2005 and the Hall of Fame selection meeting the day before.
In 2006 when he was 90 he missed Super Bowl 40 to stay home with his wife.
Marney would suffer to fall several months earlier.
She died in February 2006.
Oates never attended another Super Bowl.
Well he was only 90.
Only four sports writers have covered every Super Bowl.
Jerry Green of the Detroit News.
Jerry Eisenberg of the Newark Star Ledger.
Edwin Pope of the Harold Edwin Pope.
Oh my God.
Exactly.
And Dave Klein, former Star Ledger reporter who had moved on to the pro football newsletter.
And that sad Bob Oates is dead.
Oh.
Never heard of him.
I think it's a hell of an idea man.
Obituary is the people that nobody ever heard of, even their family.
Hell of a deal.
You won't hear that on the damn labaster show.
I guarantee you that.
Sure need some emails here.
NeilRoger.com this last 39 minutes.
By the way, the guy is a poaching around still.
The guy from Belkanna, he's still poaching around.
Eric is moving the website to new machines.
So the website is moving.
And the Dow is up 162 points.
He's doing what?
The website is moving to new machines.
A new machine, man.
Is it a good machine?
Better than the old one.
Is it as good as the machines at Woodbine?
I sure hope it's better.
Maybe that's what I'm going to do as soon as my good friend from Belkanna gets down.
I'm going to hop in my vet and zip right over to Woodbine.
And then I can blame George Corso if I lose my ass because I had no intention to go any day at all.
None.
But now with this incredible amount of stress.
494 votes on the poll.
Our goal was 500 right during the show.
Right.
Isn't that what Fat Boy said?
Come on people.
Let's do 500.
Oh, I sure miss that.
Those were the days.
He was, you know, kind of a little bit of fun.
I mean, not extraordinary, but he was, he was okay.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
And then you give him that check boy.
He sure cashed that fast.
What did he say when he gave him the check?
It was in his mailbox.
I didn't see him.
Or you didn't see me to actually hand it to him personally.
So it has to jump up into the mailbox.
Floor shake.
I bet he was pretty damn excited.
Probably.
I mean, a grand to him.
Do you have any idea how many months pay that is in this joint?
100 for a guy like him.
And what happened?
Wasn't it, wasn't he producing?
He's doing overnight.
But wasn't he also producing that five to six hour?
Right.
Oh my God.
You are never going to believe this in a million years.
From Norma Cant.
The Neil Rogers marketing plan.
Why is Norma doing this to me right in the middle of my show?
I'll see.
I knew that would be.
Yeah.
The Neil Rogers marketing plan from Norma Cant.
Maybe I should open it up.
I mean, that was on my crackberry.
Should I open it up?
Please do.
Did I hear somebody else just come in or is that just the birds?
It's just you have the stranger at the house.
Oh, okay.
Have you choked somebody in the children, right?
Have you choked in the children?
I want to go check.
We don't have enough of that.
Now listen to this George.
Let's do this on the air.
Okay.
Enough inside of wiring.
All right.
I have the lines to your kitchen.
Yeah.
But I'm going to have to call for a five to three minute call of wire
to respond to it.
But not today.
Not today.
And I was going to see what day is good for you.
Oh.
In the afternoon, for example,
like after I'm off the air as I'm like now.
Yes.
This week.
Sure.
Thursday would be great.
Thursday afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Go for it.
Okay.
Sorry.
Are you done?
I am done.
Wow.
He's going to screw it back into one.
He's going to have a contractor.
I mean, we don't have enough wiring.
How do you like that?
All right.
And Paco wandered in there during the...
I thought strangers were like pouring in here
from Bel Canada.
So the QM marketing plan,
I noticed that got a good charge on it.
Yeah.
And there's an attachment here,
which I'm going to open up right now.
I'm clicking on it.
Yeah.
Adobe reader.
Here we go.
It might actually open up.
There it is.
Oh, and there's my...
Wow.
12 for 12.
Oh, we already know about that crap, don't we?
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks for the old news, Norma.
Old news.
John and Lake Worth says,
if the issue of contacting Ellie Brecker
about your friend, Ken has been asked of you,
I would do it.
My reason is we've all known you for a very long time,
and the amount of nice things you've said about this kind of past,
coming from you would have the largest impact of all.
I, for one, would be impressed to see your words in that fish wrapper.
Your choice, no doubt.
Another one of the good guys to leave us is John Lake Worth.
That's true, but I have nothing to tell her.
Don't you understand, John?
I don't know anything about his personal life.
I know he was a good guy.
I worked with him for a long time on QAIM,
and now he died.
And that's that.
Would that be worthwhile putting in the obituary?
I don't think so.
I think you're right.
I think the Humper knows.
Right.
If anyone does, feel right.
God.
I have nothing to worry about you.
I have no way.
I have to at least have some boots.
And you need to accessorize.
You know, do it all wrong.
You know, you've got to have like a dry corner hat,
maybe a silly parrot.
There's some kind of, you know,
you've have no kinds of, you know,
a rittatted clothes.
You've got to listen otherwise.
You won't have any magic seeker to have the skulls and all this
with the crossbones.
And of course, ghostly skeletal creatures
walking about with the testicles everywhere.
I have my stats.
I have to compensate you to the one thing you don't do is awe.
I don't believe any pirates I've known any time ever said,
oh, that's kind of a joke.
That was forced to depart us by, of course, the British royalty.
We don't go awe.
So you're right there.
Once they like to point out that you should at least get one eye patch each.
Whether or not you can see or not,
it's just a clever device to strike fear into the hearts of innocent victims and all that.
And I look out, I think, I think, the best way to get my point across is if you all just,
you know, listen carefully to what happens.
If you follow along, let's all sing along now.
Shall we?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
spice me the qualities that you have been doing to me.
So what kind of nonsense is that?
Media.
Have you noticed that there's a common thread running through almost all of these emails today?
Oh, yeah.
Like the thing about my getting together with Jim DeFetus and doing this.
I'm doing a radio show with him on here.
Yeah.
I didn't know Ken personally off the air.
Okay.
I knew him from Biscayne Kennel Club.
I knew him from working with him on the station.
I don't know anything about his personal life.
I know he went through some very tough times, including working for Joe Bell.
I can't think of much tougher time than that.
In fact, Brandon says those bastards Joe Bell and company killed Ken.
And I'm sure all joded was cross his name off the list.
Yeah, another one bites it does.
That's probably Joe Bell's, well, you know, and of course,
well, what are they writing around the building?
Fleet put out that one one sentence thing, right?
You would think that, you know, all the years that Ken worked in the market on GBS
and hear that somebody would have known him personally,
know whether he was ever married, whether he had any family in South Florida,
where his family is, if there's still a lot of these things, you know,
although he was 83, right?
That's shocking to me that he was 83.
Would you ever believe that?
No, I would.
Maybe I'd have Paco come in and do a segment on Haitian cab driver.
Here they text from Lee, I'm waiting for details from Ken's friend.
Once I get it, I'll send it to everyone.
Who, who's saying that?
Lee.
Fleet, Fleet.
Good.
Leave it to Fleet, man.
He's doing all this stuff in there.
Yep.
He's the PD.
He's the, and pretty soon he'll be doing your job is what I'm hearing.
That's right.
No, there were, there were a couple of things on his Twitter that, you know,
oh, well, you're looking for George's job.
He just denies it vehemently.
Right.
He means, of course, he is, but no, he's not.
I think that now that that book is out, all your paranoia should, you know, continue.
You're a funny guy.
No wonder you have big numbers.
That was up 180 points.
They like things that get low numbers and on this station.
Well, thank God this guy is from Belk, Canada.
I mean, he was a good guy and had a good sense of humor.
And he agreed with me that it was a half-assed operation that the shooter told me.
See, actually, the first one, as you saw, had him come in here between eight in the morning and noon.
Suppose he would have been here eight o'clock in the morning.
Yeah, he would have woke you up.
When I was still in bed, I mean, I get up about 815.
I would have been too pleased with that.
So, a stranger come knocking on my door.
It's not what I heard.
First he's from a stranger.
It looked like that.
Okay.
He's the tall, ugly guy, you know, see.
Here's one from it says from AT&T.
I was at Sunfest in West Palm Beach this weekend to see Randy Bachman and Steve Miller play.
Randy was great.
Did all his guests who saw some VTO material.
Anyway, I strolled over to one of the party barges on the intercoastle.
Saw two typical radio DJs yucking it up with a crowd and giving away tickets to the Steve Miller concert that evening.
I thought they were the morning DJs from 98.7 the Gator.
But much of my surprise, it was young Ron and Old Paul from Big 106.
Except I didn't recognize Paul because when he was wearing it looked like a circus tent for a shirt.
He'll, he's gotten his biggest house.
If his ratings were half as big as he is now, he'd roll south for the radio.
He makes, Hank and you look like stick figures in comparison.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Castor and O-Balls, man, gigantic.
Well, they did have big number, big book.
I never did get any confirmation that Bubba Loves Punch was lying about the numbers on the ear.
That would be bad.
I would lose whatever respect I had for him, which was none because I don't know, I've never heard him.
Follow what I'm saying?
Yeah.
The pork lobbyists ready to reassure flu prompts fire or daily damage control.
The pork lobbyists.
Yeah, they're pretty porked off.
Nothing like a good brown worse than pork chops, St. Patti.
As long as they're not dry, don't forget bacon.
You know, the, let me ask you again.
I don't want to dwell on it all the way will again.
Because this audience, and it's interesting to note that nobody is responding to my repeated comments
that about the Grand Lux Cafe.
I don't know if I was stupid enough to go there again.
I deserve what I got, which was crap.
Let me say it again.
You can't complain about the food there because there isn't any.
It's pure unadulterated.
Yeah.
Waitress was great.
She was sensational.
She was cutesy too.
We got a great service and bad food.
Grand Lux Cafe.
I noticed that they finally gave up because in the past every time I rippered,
oh gee, you're wrong.
If you try, you're just eating the wrong things.
Highly recommend to the chicken parmesan.
I wouldn't feed it to, I'll see the board and cow.
I wouldn't feed it to a Muslim.
Now let me ask you to Muslims eat chicken.
As far as I know.
And they don't eat too, eh?
Religious Muslims.
I don't care like the Orthodox Jews.
You know, I don't know any.
Orthodox Jews eat meat.
What are you talking about?
I don't know any mutable.
They just don't eat meat with milk.
You got to have two sets of dishes, man.
I wonder if the Arabs have two sets of dishes.
Milk, eating, placing, good, eating, maybe want to call in.
Yeah, good.
Take some calls.
Go ahead.
Park lobbyists fight swine flu name.
The Washington Post-Fillup Ruckabar explains how the pork industry is fighting the name of swine flu.
A global pandemic and assuring customers that pork is safe to eat.
How do you like that?
I'm right.
Pigs can be consumed the lobbyists insist they can even be petted and hugged or tickled until they squeal.
But pork cannot be blamed for the pandemonium gripping the globe.
The culprit evidently is H1N1, a strand of the flu virus.
If only folks could remember that, the lobbyists said.
In Canada, over the weekend, officials said a farmer worker passed the virus to a herd of hogs.
How do you like that?
The hogs got it from a guy.
Really?
Although the farmer in the pigs apparently recovered a top US and Mexican officials yesterday projected a cautious optimism that the new virus is not nearly as lethal as initially feared.
So like I've been telling you for days and days, don't panic.
That's right.
We're all going to croak soon and later from something anyway, so it might as well be eating bratwurst.
You're not going to catch it from eating pork products, okay?
Got that?
Got it.
You're probably a number of gay people also concerned about consuming pork, but that's beside the point.
515 votes, boy.
Tubby would be so proud of us, you know?
Yes he would.
I mean, the show has gone off and just off the wheels here with this sole bill candidate.
Sorry, the audience loves it.
But this guy did a good job though.
He knew what he was doing and he was looking for.
He said, you don't have enough wiring in here.
We're going to have to get some people in here, contractors.
Thursday and they're going to do this and pochki around and that's good.
And then Paco showed up and he ordered lunch, so we solved two problems at the same time.
Isn't that great?
That's great.
It's a great day for the Irish and the Jewish and the Gouash.
Do not go to the Grand Lux Cafe.
All right.
No, in fact, I challenge everybody to go there and tell me you had a good meal.
Okay.
If I ever go there again, you're authorized to have me committed and have me be corrected.
I'll do it.
Deal?
Gal?
Absolutely.
Huh?
To-to-to-toi.
To-to-toi.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV, every other word is an obscenity.
It used to be that cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks let their actors curse.
There's no end in sight, so this is sanity.
All the dialogue contains profanity.
Quarant like a seller on a three-day pass.
Words are a whole lot worse than ass.
Correct them.
F1, F1, how will it be?
It's holding drop the F1 on a word TV.
F1, F1, there's no telling well.
Now drop one on a U.T.A.
Okay.
16-0-2 at 5-60 WQM.
So the guy from the bell candidate did a wonderful job and he looked around and he pops
he'd around and he pulled stuff out of the wall.
He put it nice back in and neatly and scooted all up.
Yeah.
There's no matter what our programming people do, scoot all up all the time.
Now wait, what did I do with that last email?
Here's very important.
Oh, here it is from Felipe.
Subject, the book.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Can you please recap the ratings before you go off here, Felipe?
Can you interpret that for me?
Can I recap the ratings?
What does that mean?
Go back to the beginning and read all the notes for everyone.
Let's just play the attain.
There you go.
Can you recap the rating?
What the hell does that mean?
We kicked big bloody ass.
We got some bonus money here on Isyo, baby.
That's right.
It's about time.
It's spider-jow bill.
We had a 7.4 and 8.3, a 5.6 and a 5.9.
The highest other number on the station was the 6-7 hour and little dogs at first are 4.3.
So then our lowest hour, 5.6 was higher than the next highest hour on the entire station.
We got that big, big finger sticking up in the middle of that graph.
From 10 to 2.
And then at 2 o'clock, the big O went to a 1.9, which from a 5.9 to a 1.9 isn't exactly holding the audience,
but nevertheless, it's sure better than a 1.9.
And since we don't want to sound like we're tooting our own horn,
nighttime's a little weak on QAAM, a little bit weak, when you say a little bit.
Seven of midnight, hurting for certain.
In fact, out of the 5 hours, only 11 of midnight hour had a 1, 1.1, a 1.1.
7 to 8 pm, we had a 0.5, 8 to 9, we had a 0.1, 9 to 10, we had a 0.2, and 10 to 11, we had a 0.0.
0.0.
What's the point?
Oh my God.
Now do you think that's a byproduct of the bad signal and nobody can hear the station at night or?
I mean, at 7 to 8 hour, when Adolphin tonight, think comes on.
Now, there's a lot that the drafters are running on.
The signal changed a lot since the Eddie K. Day's.
Since the what?
Eddie K.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, when Eddie K. was on, we didn't have the orchestral thing cranked up.
I don't believe.
I was trying to say that they shouldn't let go Eddie K, that he had better numbers than we got now.
Absolutely correct.
And I guarantee they weren't paying him a big pile of money.
If Eddie.
But the A is Joe's buddy.
Don't you understand how it works, man?
Of course I do.
Of course I do.
Now you understand how it works.
They bring a new guy.
Anything's all his pizons, you know.
They all want to be surrounded by their personal buddies because that gives them that comfort zone, you know.
Makes them feel more secure.
Like big shot.
I would say that Johnny Joe is big shot.
Only changed the vowel.
You know, dot the I.
Look at that.
It's 15.
It's going to be 18 degrees, man.
A little sun out there.
What a great day.
And the bell can of the guy is gone.
That just amazes me that he was supposed to be here between eight and noon.
He could have brought you some breakfast.
Timothy says in case you didn't know this, that this chain, grand luxe, is run by the cheesecake factory.
It's supposed to be their upscale spin-off.
I did know that.
And they both suck.
It says I've had a couple of decimals there, but I was a guest both times.
We never go there on my own.
In other words, he would never pay for it.
The food is way too rich for me, too much crap.
Generally, I avoid chains, not because I'm a snob, far from it.
I just find the food is usually better at smaller local restaurants.
Probably healthier too, though.
I'm in no way a health nut.
Take care and keep smiling, your friend Tim.
Well, thanks, Tim.
And let me say it again.
It sucked.
Barry Jackass says, sorry, Ellie's out of the office till Thursday.
I'm assisting with gathering info I'm waiting on a call back from Hank.
You know anyone who worked for Kenneth W. GBS?
No, I don't.
The only name I know who would have worked with the Ken would have been Arnie Warren and where they have,
even if he's still alive, I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, here we go.
Pete the chronic says, this is great.
Grandluck's Neil, my son used to cook there at that location.
It blows.
How do you like that?
His son used to cook there and he says it blows.
There you go.
And you know what?
He's right.
And says, who are you pulling for in the playoffs?
Black Hawks, man, hot young studs, the black Hawks.
He says, I'd like to see the ducks beat up on Detroit.
So what I get rid of the Red Wings already enough of them.
It says, notice how many ex-panther players who were not good enough for us around teams in the hunt for the cup?
Love and kisses.
Chronic Pete.
Thanks, chronic Pete.
His son used to cook there at the Grandluck's.
It blows.
It's embarrassing.
We got a big menu.
They got 85,000 things on the menu.
Oh, try the chicken parmesan, Neil.
It's just wonderful.
Yeah.
Sucked.
I wouldn't wish it on any penny.
So should we redo the ratings again?
Yeah, recap.
Would you?
The bottom line is we did pretty good on QA.
I'm a midday.
We did awesome.
Just missed number two by a tenth of a point.
And mornings had you had a good book compared to recent ones.
Went up a little bit.
Afternoons, Mad Dog went up a little bit.
Almost even with the lab bastard.
Lab bastard at a three three and Mad Dog at a three oh.
Almost even Stephen.
Other than that across the street.
They sucked, man.
They blew.
Horrible.
Look at that.
Ten aim to 3 p.m.
Ten, two point six.
Two point six.
Tragic.
Mornings one point four, including that six to seven a.m.
Zero point seven.
Oh, when you when you're on like in the daytime when people some of our
Week and you got a number that starts with you know you're
Sucks it.
You know you're stinking join out.
No matter how big of a month you got no matter how much you talk a big
game.
And like I said, Evan, I always said this about them.
They talk a big game like they're kicking ass and they got big numbers.
They got squat book after book.
Trend after trend month after month.
Squat.
Sure, there can be a month with a bunch of wire diaries.
There can be a month that they've bad sampled.
You know like that.
Right.
But over a long period of time when you stink the join out, guess what?
You stink.
You follow what I'm saying?
What do you try to say?
They stink.
Oh.
And I would be I would be to be a head of good book.
Especially overnight with that.
What does it called George Newary?
Yes.
What the hell do they call it?
I wrote it down somewhere out of this world.
No.
I don't know.
Radio for a lunatics.
20 point two share from 1 to 5 a.m.
Midnight to 1 a.m. they had a 7.6.
5 to 6 a.m. a 6.6.
But George Newary with the flying sausages, he's the guy that had the big number on IOD.
And Rush.
Rush had an 8.7 8.0 and 7.1.
And even Jimmy's I noticed we haven't had a word from Jimmy Cifilist since we got a 6.7 and he had a 4.1 or something.
Haven't got a word from Jimmy Cifilitic.
That makes me think it's the real one.
Jimmy Cifilist.
Of course you're so damn sceptical.
Oh, none of those emails are I bet you're a real rich pact here.
That is true.
Give me a heads up that Ellie Bracher writes the orbits at the arrow as if we didn't know that.
As if we had already talked about that.
Richard Pact here.
You are no factor man.
Once upon a time he was an interesting guy, you know, about a hundred years ago.
Kind of me.
What?
I said was he?
Well, maybe not.
He told us he was.
Oh, he's a good guy.
Is he a good guy?
I don't know.
You don't even know who the hell he is.
That's what he says.
If he walked in there right now, you wouldn't know him.
Sure I would.
Bob says do you think that Kimba Bo camper could have had the sales holes update the copy for his restaurant?
The spot still be first to march madness.
It says it's the madness of QA and well.
We're all screwed up man.
Barry Jackass.
Oh no, Arnie Warren is dead.
What's the year for this?
See this is the real Barry Jackson.
You don't believe it.
Because this one doesn't say Barry Jackass.
It's his Barry Jackson.
It's an orbit of Arnie Warren by Ellie Brecker.
He died of a heart attack April 19.
He was 73.
He'd been living with his wife, Kathleen Field Warren and Wellington.
And yada yada yada.
How do you like that?
Well, he's got some nerve.
Croke and before we can give his first radio gig was the midnight shift at WKAT.
At that time, Sid Levin was vice-present GM.
Arnie was remarkably inventive and a clever lifelong student of whatever he was doing.
Communication humor story telling Levin said.
He was too good for the middle of the night and was given the coveted morning drive slot.
Arnie Warren.
And now he's got the nerve to die before he can give us the load on on Ken.
Shame on you Arnie.
It's day in Miami town.
Wow.
At 5, 6, 6, 8.
WQAT.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit.
A boozer on not much different like a typical meow companion.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
It's up to you, Larry.
We all thank you.
For giving right or something, money to do.
Yeah, you're looking for guys who make you go by
Larry cracked thank you for tapping your shoe
New stories last a few days, but you refuse to go away
Republicans are primarily gay
Yeah trac
We are
I invite you to Ilot Faw,
Fud me, you'll come right up
You'll insert in your eye, eye, eye, eye
Love you taking no crap when you have to hit you
Game, game, I never have been gay
Game, game, game, I never have been gay
It's up to that of you
He wants to stay gay
But his own hiding wants him to go away
Loving his right heart wants him to stay
Lovey-frag will spread his legs for you
He wants a man to scream
You're fair
And any guy will do
Bye, bye, bye
