It is 10 o'clock. We are out of time. Neil Rogers is coming up next
The music stressed on the paper anniversary. Neil. Thank you. Happy 33 years on here at South Florida. Neil. Thank you
It's got advertisers ready to go.
I'll wait. It's not for
You live six.
I'm a
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
Tell me a bill you can wipe your fat right over that normal five six how that long is to my own
Presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil dial five
All alone five six eight and brown
In other carphans, radio or free eight seven eight and a band in
Neil or pound five sixty on your AT&T all of it arrives
Hello, the audience expressed by me.
Another shot is loud
That's a good
You know
You know you know you Q a.m. Management staff or you got squad now the Neil Rogers show on five sixty WQ a.m.
No good
No good
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Here we go again.
Another day in front of us
Like I said, here we go again
Another day in front of us.
We're home to see you like boots a lot.
I
But
I
But
I
But
I
But
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock, I'm gonna go like a rock
I'm gonna go like a rock-a-essa
I'm gonna go little by little
I'm sure y'all can
tell Diகவ later
Ichi, ARE YOU D das?!
Oh, am I right
I love you
I love you
when I was a kid
How are you guys?
No more can't Charlie Gilbert lots of books
That's the problem of the world too many boobs running it. That's the problem
So how do you like that my 33rd anniversary and no more can't not only doesn't send me an email or a telegram or a balloon like an e-card
We're right, but sends me a bill with a 7% increase at a time everybody is taking a big pay cut
He sends me an increase which the chances of my paying you 75% are on a scale of
Minus infinity by Norma have a great life hope your blog works out real well for you
Well, why should I just send him a check for for what does he do for me?
I don't know was supposed to have a one-true Charlie Gilbert here recently and oh, I got a free lunch other
I've even had a follow up on that but I got a big a big press release about Norma can't blog and about his highly rated morning show on
WFT LA 50 that never happened
That this this is just kaka is what's going on here? I got to take a bullet the bullshit by the horns and
George being the fine fellow that he is
Pushed aside his vacation
Spring break week is pushing it to another week just just to accommodate me
George is all I got left and then this and this business
Me and George against the world what we got flee I'll I'll be here to bury your carcass old man
Oh
You dropped that there are a lot of people waiting for that believe me there's a line of people waiting for that dirt on your rotting carcass
I'll be waiting for me to croak on grateful bastards
Today's the day I'm trying to line in the sand and the audience is the responsible by the way Eric I have facts to a new poll
I did it just for George
I did I
Scooted up though I put I had some bad grammar on there left the letter off some bad luck. What's your take on yields current email format?
Here the choices. It's okay. I love it big improvement. I hated it sucks. I wrote it suck. I don't know. I wrote it suck
I love I left one I saw sucks Eric. Sorry. I'll tell him to correct it
I'm sure he can handle it. I want to callers or WTF those are the five choices on there
The reason I played boobs a lot is we got a boobs pull on there right now that somebody sent
Run another pool material by the way or we have to go back and do some of the
Charlie B not only hasn't sent any new polls
He also was absent yesterday Sean pull Sean is weak as his polls have become at least he took the effort to say happy anniversary
Old Faggot you know like that but not Charlie B. I think Charlie B. Maybe I chased him away because I
Exposed his polls for being the swilleth. They've become
Chased him away
Made him into a big time celebrity and if you ever met Charlie B making him into a big time celebrity is quiet
It's like making the Jonas Brothers into singers. I
Think it's on a par with that
That was up 60 points. How do you like that? Aren't you excited about that thrilled to death? The Dow is up 60
I've actually the S&P is up kneel, but it's under 7,000 the Dow for the first time in about 400 years
I wonder what Maria B thinks of that. Maybe it's a buying opportunity now that the Dow is down to 6,800 in the summer and the loony's down to
77 cent that's the good news for the old Fag keep going down got to got to go down and that up
165 votes on oh, let's do this other stuff first before we dive into that poll crap I
Think I'm gonna get off the boobs pull. I just I just put that up because that was basically the only thing I had left on there
You're gonna get I have to start doing my own again
And what do you think of that pull I'm doing for your benefit and believe you mean no matter what the result of that pull is
I want to call us back if everybody says we want to call us back. I'm still not taking any I think well to be accurate
We think we don't know I don't
Not that we care about being accurate that it should be you know what what would you rather hear Neil reading stories
Neil reading emails Neil making sounds with his mouth Neil taking calls things like that
Neil making fart sounds
Double maker I tech back anything good. I said about you in the last five minutes. I'm an always make your O's your provocative to our own spec
Highest per capita consumption of pornography
conservative ultra conservative Mormons at the top of a
Paid porn pyramid Utah the bottom Montana
Study by Harvard Business School professor shows that Utah faces the more conservative states which tend to purchase more internet porn than other states
Online porn subscription rates are higher in states than an active conservative legislation banning same-sex marriage or
Civil unions and we're a survey show support for conservative positions on religion gender rules and sexuality
According to an analization published in the Journal of Economic Perspectives
Eight of the top 10 pornography consuming states gave the electoral votes to John McCain in last year's presidential election
The only exceptions were Florida and Hawaii these are the top 10 consuming pornography online states
Florida and Hawaii with the only ones that voted for
Obama
While six out of the lowest ten favorite Barack Obama church goers bought less online porn on Sundays a
1% increase in postal codes religious attendance was associated with a one-tenth of a present drop in subscriptions on that day
That's not much one-tenth of percent with the guilty conscience on Sunday
However expenditures on other days of the week brought them in line with the rest of the country Adelman fines
Residents of 27 states that passed laws banning gay marriages boasted 11% more porn subscribers that states that don't explicitly restrict gay marriage
How do you like that? I'm gonna read that last sentence again do it
residents of 27
Residents of 27 states that passed laws banning gay marriages boasted 11% more porn subscribers in states that don't explicitly restrict gay marriage
Brandon right yesterday by the way
I had a beg for people saying happy anniversary in my 33rd anniversary in Miami was because they don't care
Your right, Brandon, right? He's a perspicuous fellow. Yes, he is
He knows what's going on. Yes, they don't care
They don't care enough to send the very best they do care enough to send the very worst which we get tons of that
Just tons without begging for without pleading without humiliating and degrading ourselves
Last week it was attacked George week every week is attacked Neil week and of course give us instructions
How to do the show and how to live our lives right how to spend our money how to spend our time because they're experts on how experts
How do you be expert on life when you don't have one I have no lie
Pete Massey L.O. Since being email
Long time listener fellow ex-bordop you know pizza chronic boredop. I know of him. He sends that stuff since
1977 keep going don't retire Ray. How's those leaves doing and
George is just fine when you're going
I'm toasting you with my W. I. N. Z. Wonder mug. It's the one to mug Neil. Can I have a one to mug?
Pete the chronic boredop Massey L.O. you can add me to the will it says
Sir, I'll take care of it listening since the ninth grade wow
Pete the chronic boredop. He's one of those people out there. You can always be sure he'll be there
You know what I mean? You always be there
Good. I'll tell you somebody else who you can be always sure is there. Oh
Yeah, with all the products all the products all the misfits all the melt contents the nearer to wells
They're always there
This voice keeps them alive because I have no lie. That's right
Here's the poll from yesterday a thousand 58 votes. I like that. That's pretty nifty. How about you?
Horace Adano is very impressed by that
The most comfortable type of underwear now is Thursday the trend Thursday March 5 right you said yeah
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock we had another arbitrarily coming out some ratings some numbers
The most comfortable type of underwear and believe me they'll need an extra pair of underwear across the street on Thursday when those numbers come out
Oh some of their numbers are gonna start with a just like ours
Like at night our numbers start with a zero
Adaboy jolly joe you continue doing it
158 votes boxer briefs 277 boxes to 27 and briefs 204
Tidy whiteies 117. I don't wear underwear 112. That's gross 10% of this audience door no underwear
Why is that I don't know but I hope they're chicks. Oh god slabs WTF 83 speed or thong things 27 and jox drafts 11
That was George's choice the most comfortable type of underwear is a jox draft they are you've been working on this station too long. That's your problem
Sorry
I'm gonna have a jox draft on man. I mean if I did you'll
Do you wear a jock a lot? Oh yeah every day to work just like Moe used to wear that horrible hair piece to work every day
The other guys wear their jox to work and shower naked together before their shows
jolly joe joe rose man mad dog they all get in the shower together Joe is a gaki a lot of Joe's a gaki a gaki a gaki a
Look at this here comes some late happy belated 33rd. Please get rid of Norma. I'm not sending Norma any money. I'm not having anything to do with Norma
I'm not sending him a dime. This is a guy who allegedly was having a big lunch with jolly joe bell about this show
It about my life and about the our careers and about it and I never hear word about it
But then I get a big press release about Norma's blog. Oh, yeah, clog Norma's got a blog
You're listening to me. Talks of hoisting
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station next on a new day line
Nautia Solomon tells her story including a new interview just today. Nautia. What were you thinking?
You know how many kids is enough for you?
You know you've got massive head problems
Hey, that's my shoe your P&R.
Nautia you gotta do something
Okay, I changed the poll just for George just to approve his point that reading the email sucks
Okay, 1017 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday. We got the big O2. We got mad dog at chulas 4 to 7
Dolphins and I seven away. That's when everything comes to a screeching halt on this station
Seven o'clock Kimba bo camper puts a halt to any listening activity on this station
And then trying to follow that from 8 to 11 is DA poor DA
I bet you he's got a jolly joebell voodoo doll
You think why not bet you he's got a lot of sharp pins. He sticks in there. Oh
Keep sticking him DA
Here's a spy report on Norma can't
From Mike
Just a spy report regarding norma and his rate increase he's giving you seems norma needs money to pay for his sports addiction
He'll be spending 13 hundred dollars to play in a fantasy baseball league in New York on Saturday, March 21st
What a silly person fly to New York to pay 13 hundred dollars to pick baseball players in a draft you have to be daft
Norma you blow a nice performance last year when you drafted in the same 13th dollar league in Orlando where you got your ass kicked
I know you don't do links, but if you want to verify him being here here
It's got a link which I'm not gonna do because I don't do links on a positive note
I just finished listening to your archive show yesterday happy anniversary from an out-of-town fan from the
Audio net days. What's the audio net?
I don't know
Audio net days I don't know
Neither do I I wonder if Mike knows what the audio net well. I'm sure he'll tell us
Since he told us about Norma can't fly the New York wasting 13 hundred bucks
If he's got money to pee away on crap like that. I eat sure don't need any money for me
And he sure ain't getting any that's for damn sure
The thousand only 30 points. It's like hovering you know
After it's 300 point drop yesterday
The Obama bounce
Okay, I changed the pool here's the final tally on the
Booze pool the best reference to a woman's breast is we have 180 votes and that's it
Booze 76 hooters 25 fun bag 16 Tata's 10 Tata
Know what the British say when they say goodbye Tata
Nockers 10 jugs 10 melons nine sweater meat six sweater meat
Boy
Melons nine sweater meat six yabo six headlights for cans for dirty pillows three
Honkers one and none for cones balloons or bazookas none for balloons
Hmm seems a little strange to me don't it? I have a little fact that I have good old boobs
Yeah, good old boobs
Like what's your name Nancy Pelosi when I find that some hetero guy out there's gonna all excited about Nancy Pelosi's jiggling boobies
I know that there's some real desperation out there
real desperation
Phil says
Sorry for the belated happy anniversary. I enjoyed both of you and you'll enjoy it
Listen by the internet from my home office in gainsville you keep me laughing as well as the sick callers
Keep up the great show sis Phil
How do you like that? Yeah, the sick callers keep him laughing like that
They keep me crying
Well
We got 29 votes on the new pool like you think we ought to change this because you were like
Thinking out loud. Yeah
What I think if you care at all about accuracy then you should know if I care at all about accuracy
Which I know you don't know you don't know you don't right
Well, you're the one that always says it's just for fun. It's just crap. That's right
Now all of a sudden you're gonna be a pull expert. Yeah, they're gonna be a real uh, that picker right there
That's it that's exactly what I want. It's what it sounds like to me and speaking of nitpicking
I never said I hated the emails. I hate the fake emails
Which are the same handful of people that make all the fake calls. How do you know that oh come on
Because I think the people that make the fake calls have the capacity a wise old man
This one in a fake old man taught me how to recognize chronics a long time ago
Okay, here's the poll. What's your take on eels current email format? I love a big improvement nine
I want the caller is eight too bad. It's okay six
WTF four I hated it sucks only two of course all the other people who hated they're already gone right see
That's one of the problems taking a poll like this once the horse is out of the barn right
Right what no, I'm agreeing with you the people left over the people that love it you're right
42 votes. I love it big improvement 12. It's okay 12. I want the callers 11 WTF four I hated it sucks only three only three out of 42 votes
And the douse up 40 points and the world is in a great depression and we're here to give you a little
Little enlightenment every day between 10 and two a little chuckle a little chortle
A little inside under what a toilet this business is becoming this radio station in particular
We are working from a toilet. Can you smell it? Oh, yeah, sniff it. Oh, man. It smells like Schmidt to me
Oh
Old Bob and Tom bit about that perfume come to me
I do long time smells like oh, yeah, I can't say that
That was funny they got ahead of you stuff a lot of funny bits, but then again
We used to be able to play the right neither can they and that's why we're all off tourists off to Las
So we do the best we can I like the emails if they continue coming in I mean, you know
And as far as the fake this one and the fake that one for for example
Let's see. I got one here asking me is it oh here it is
Is it the real Steve Rodinero email you well how do we know
This is from basil rich bone in Orlando speaking of faith uh-huh basil rich bone
He moved up to Orlando from amie was a solid number two in the market
Well, I had 10 Williams would like that nothing like being a bit solid number two or three is good not number one
critically speaking he and Wendy Chi Chi Oji were the best anchored team in the market
However central Floridians always seem to favor channel Neyan
I believe he left her on a bed and breakfast in in North Carolina
What a mistake with all the murders we have in Orlando now we need anchors with experience covering violent crimes
Steve get your ass back down here. We've become as dumpy as liberty city
It's right in your power zone. It says
Get that old trench coat out used to wear at the Ronald McDonald House functions and investigate our murder spree
We need you homes to the osu basil rich bone. Oh god. You follow all this you following the dots connecting them nope
Homes and bad rich bone. Nope
Is that the real Steve Rodinero? How the hell do we know
George has no right if we say is it the real anybody you say no I know it's the real Johnny dork
Trust me who would want to be the fake Johnny dark whatever makes no difference
Telling you it's the real Johnny dork. Okay. It's not the real Marvin or not Marvin. What's his name?
Manning from Kendall. That any of them go
Manning from aca polka that's all a bunch of horse crap
And I wouldn't be it wouldn't surprise me in the least if manning from a Kendall being the
Psycho case that he is is a whole bunch of the fake this one and fake that one. That's one of the rumors
He's a candidate kills a lot of time man when you got nothing going on when you're working for a horseball company like cheap channel
When you're involved with losers like footy and Jimmy syphilis. Oh my god. He didn't seem crazy when we were working with him
me
Oh
No, he seemed like a very very normal run of the middle guy
Yeah, attempting me to play in liquid
That again Pita Pita. Yeah, Ramda Pita. I'm all right darling. How you got that manifier? I've got that manified
Why'd you get fired your hypocritical
man
Why does Manning crank call the station? What is his problem? Don't you like the way that that was?
That sounds with all the best for days now that I'm thinking about it besides his feud that he had with Randy and he wasn't the only one
Yeah, I can't think of any many stories and I got stories about practically everybody when I when I think about it
You know this one and that one and this one did this and this one did that. I don't remember anything other than that
He had a feud with Randy and she got him fired
And they didn't get along yeah
Well, that's maybe because he didn't like taking the blame
For her failure right that was that was part of what was going on and then of course
I think who came along was like Randy Randy part two right
You know, he did the same thing. That's right. That's right. I'm or this one always the board ops if they fail right
I forget who it was that she said it to like mo mo was an expert at that
Whether they said these problem it was Zach it was this one's fault everybody except himself the fact that his show sucked that's right
With his pedantic New York ease crap
It's kind of not a good idea to bring the jets announcer down be the dolphin announcers. Oh, why not?
It doesn't have any credibility sure it does
That whole New York thing, you know
And in fact when the numbers come out on Thursday morning to be interesting to see if Sid the kid can improve from that 1.9 share in the last book
Oh my god
If you took a bastard out of the equation over there they'd have nothing
Kind of like if you took us out of this equation over here
The two non sports intensive shows. Yeah, I think there's a message in there don't you I know you do
What I think they're missing the message
New good good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news
Frankie was driving home and was pulled over by a police officer for a broken tail light
The cop looked into Frankie's car and saw a collection of knives in the back seat
Sir the officer inquires why do you have all those
knives and Frankie replies while therefore my juggling act
I'm afraid I don't believe you says the officer you need to prove it
So Frankie gets out of his car and begins juggling the knives
At the same time another car with Joe and Steve inside
drives by
Man said Joe. I'm glad I quit drinking these new sobriety tests are hard now page 2
Nicole sat on a plane heading for New York when the pilot announced that because of difficulties with the plane's engines
He was going to make an emergency
landing
Nicole fearing this may be the end of her life
Looks over to a man sitting next to her and rips her shirt and brow off and throws herself upon him
Make me feel like a woman again. She screams
So the man rips his shirt and pants off and says here I earn these Paul Harvey
Good day. Oh boy. Are we gonna miss him or what I'm not
No, would you know me? I hate everybody. That's what I heard including Paul Castanova who says
Please get Georgia off the air. He's a boat anchor to your show
And then he also says it's going on happy anniversary
It's going on 20 for me best advice you ever gave me don't buy a house Paul
And then I have in my pile a later one that came in last night where he says uh you told me not to buy a house
And we've been on here all here it is
And you believe these are from the real Paul Castanova house silly although this is a forwarded message from burry jackass
From Paul Castanova subject Neil Rogers
Okay, okay
Can I read it to you? Would you please?
Go ahead. Oh, sorry. Go ahead
From Paul Castanova forwarded message from to burry jackass subject Neil Rogers
Very I'm not sure if you got my response my email screwed up for further a future reference my personal email addresses
Ah, so does 20 years make the PR show Paul and Ron show the most successful morning show in softload of history
Nobody comes close to our longevity and morning drive
I hope you do a story on us one our 20th hits next January
And reading this the way it's written you think that burry was doing a story about my 33 years on here in this time nobody's doing anything about it
No, the came it went it's gone and now we go on you know
Maybe they're waiting for your 40th year
Yeah, hold your breath
Anyway, here's what I have to say about Neil Rogers quote I've always been a fan of kneels when Ron and I started our show together
1990 Neil said don't buy a house Paul. I'm glad I didn't listen to him
He likes to brush our chops a bit in vice versa, but it's pretty obvious. He's a huge fan of our show right
Congratulations, Neil. I hope you go for another 20 years Paul Castanova the Paul and young Ron show have a hectic day
Called a show sometime burry says Paul and the whatever
So they're in a feeding frenzy and of course you know if anybody's obsessed with me in this show if anybody besides Joey Reynolds and a bunch of other people
It's Paul Castanovals
Am I right don't forget mr. Ego
Oh, and mr. Ego beyond beyond obsessed. Yeah, I think it's a whole new level if there's going to be a contest a whole new level
That that's a pull we've taken and we ought to do it again one of these days soon. Yeah
Which software?
These goofballs is most obsessed with Neil
Of course, we can't put the unmentionedable one on there, but he certainly wins hands down
That's right. We'll just give him the other win by default. No, okay by his own default
I his own disbar
87 votes on the poll what's your take on Neil's current email format and we could add something on there to make you happy
the
The whole the whole wording of this is is going to make it slanted, but that's fine. I don't really care
Well, what do you mean the whole wording? How should I how should I word it does Neil's reading email suck would that make you happy? No?
I told you how would I help with you? You don't listen to anything. I say anyway, so I don't I know and that's what I'm gonna live a hell of a lot longer
Listen to what you said my gun. It's like what I think from up. Paulie get your draw theory. Yeah do this do that commands
No, like we're a bunch of dogs, you know, you're really losing it roll over you're really losing it
What do you mean like when I tell you when I'm gonna take my vacations? You don't listen to that you know
You don't listen to anything. I told you how to word the poll
I have to take my next vacation in a certain way. It's fine. I have no option. It's fine. It's all fine
Just making a point. I have to take it when my house is available to me. So you understand my house. I be
Understand but the point that I make it is that you know, you ask me a question. I answer it and then and then you don't hear it right
Well, let me make you an offer. Okay. All right
What would you rather hear? That's how the poll should be written. What would you rather hear?
Neil taking calls Neil reading stories Neil reading emails Neil making sounds with his mouth
Neil playing bits Neil spinning wax just put every option in the world on there
How about Neil playing with Joey Jonas or that making sounds with
Joey Jonas's mouth
Making sounds with his mouth. Yeah, I got a new TV show by the way, which I was forced to watch five minutes
Obviously and even the Paco turned it off
Uh the Joe what is it? The Jonas Brothers 3 experience is some crap like that. What channel is that?
I don't know one you don't want to watch then I know I don't but I have people in the house that might want to
Oh, what are the MTV channels?
It's what I might want to have the 3d experience as a matter of fact. I think it's on let's see. Let me let me double check
It's on MTV
There are no more videos. I mean once in a while though
On a retooler you know catch your off guard. They use them as filler. Mm-hmm. They're filling
I'm too lost
So how about if we add on here um, I want to hear bedtime stories
If you want
You're gonna put that on there. I want the bedtime stories. Okay
90 well, I mean, you know we could change the whole thing around but what's the point of doing that then we'd have to start all over again for Christ's sake
Yeah, that would be awful somehow. Yes, it would
After you cut that booby pull short, I would never I didn't like that anyway
What's your favorite nickname for boobies? Oh, if you want to check you if your emails are really from Johnny dark
Johnny darts real email address is oh, then they're not from Johnny dark
It's named after his ham radio call sign of so-and-so and of course he was on WFU when years ago
You don't like links, but his FCC call sign info was it so-and-so says Don in La Bel Florida. How do you like that?
Is FCC call sign because he does that ham radio crap? So none of those are from the real Johnny dark
Polia
You're so gullible man. I know oh sure they're from Johnny Johnny's obsessed with you. Neal. I'm a fool
Oh, Paul Cascha and this is again keep sending the same stuff
Thanks for all the material over the years and then it's got a picture of Le Bastard saying so we you know, that's his thing
No, I didn't know that then Le Bastard
Sui that's one of his silly one of his childish show see things
Kind of like I see anyway, maybe it's the Le Bastard is the fake Paul Cascha Nova who the hell knows
I will agree with you on that and that is that the oh talk radio guest alert delete that right away. Thank you
No, sirs that you have no idea how much of that crap I keep getting I do
Do guests on this show whoever is sending this stuff is
Psychotic. I don't have an idea then get the illusion years and on the voicemail and the regular male people wanting to book guests on the show
The voicemail is the most ridiculous it says right there don't waste your breath if you're trying to book a guest
No, we don't do
guests on this show I wouldn't care if Westbrook van Voorhees and Westbrook Pegler and Pegleg Bates were all wrapped into one
We don't do guests
boring. It's a tune out
It's one of the things I learned years ago. I taught my learned it by myself
It's called narrow casting. Well, this station specializes in oh, yeah, let's take somebody that everybody in the world hates like
That's stupid drew Rosenstein crans Schwartz house and put him on a million times a week and chase 99% of the audience away
And boy are we doing a hell of a great job on that or what oh, yeah
narrow casting in fact, it's taking like Moses about a slice of the pizza a sliver of a slice. It's taking a sliver of a sliver of the slice
I mean sports to begin with just talking all sports all day
You know what they say if you talk all sports all day it chases most people away. Oh, oh, hey
off to Lasas and the same thing with this
Drew Rosenstein when you do guests and you announce oh, I got the Joe Ripplestein is gonna be on today talking about baseball card collating
Well, let's face it 99.9% of the world doesn't give a flying crap about baseball card collating
And so when Joe Ripplestein comes on or even an anticipation of his coming on everybody goes away
That's what happens when you do a show about things that you're interested in like mr. Ego and and Norma can't with their baseball card crap
Remember those days I do I
Remember one day mr. Ego came in late for a three o'clock show. How do you come in?
I was doing earth the twerk flock was I doing 10 to 2? I don't know
I guess on i.o.d and mr. Ego was doing two to six and he comes in late and what what was the excuse? Oh, he
got back late from the baseball card show
Nice
Yeah talk about screwed up priorities
105 votes on the pool now did you add I want the bedtime stories yet it doesn't have any votes yet
I know yeah and 46 at 560 wq a n
You know how I'm digging up some of the oldie moldy said did that yesterday to an honor my 33rd the year on here in South Florida
The few nobody else cares. So I guess I better care
Even fat ass jolly joebell never never sent anything not an f you not an up yours not a happy happy not an unhappy 33rd nothing
He doesn't care enough to send his very best or worst or anything at all. He's a turd. He's a turd on two legs. That's what clearance said
And Norma can't I mean forget about it. So I'm my 33rd anniversary. I got a bill in the mail from him
For what for what so you can go to the baseball card show you can go to the fantasy uh
What that thing is fantasy knows picking contest in New York
Overgrown child that's norma never grew up overgrown child
Oh, I want to play for the dad's is I want to play for the meds say yeah
Adam Kirschner says and I'm sure it's the real one
Not happy 33rd Uncle Neil. What's up with Georgie so disagreeable lately
From the real Adam Kirschner. I think you're right. I don't think any of the e-mailers are who they say they are
Even just listeners. I think I think even they make up names. Yeah
right
Right
Swat and well this is the thing for you know, it's interesting for a long time you push me to do the emails
Yeah, and I resisted once again
It's just like with the call and then finally I started doing it and I thought but this is great
This turbizzo stupid as I'm your friend calls once again. Yes. I'm not talking about the emails. I'm talking about the handful of mouth-breaters
And what they write and who are they
Like an off-page and Kirschner. I mean now that I find out that the fake Johnny Darkis racing
That's like and I'll tell you if you could see how much email is coming in today
You would you wouldn't wish it on time or camera. There's nothing just like
You used to impress the hell out of a lot of us how you could tell who the cranks were before they even said a word
Yeah, how does he exactly? Yeah, and when the facts would come in before you even read it by what by looking at the writing from the other side
Just the the bleed through you would throw it right in the garbage right and by looking at the address on the envelope
When it would come in when the snail would mail would come and just say what you're saying you're right-wasted
No, I'm saying that this is a new thing. That's what they say. No, so you're hearing it right now. This is a new thing a new medium what?
A new media
And if it isn't obvious by by the address or the name or the first two words in the email
Then yeah, then maybe you have at least at least you haven't gotten it with that yet
You've always had the uncanny ability to sniff them out to talk about taking it very seriously
No, it's a joke. Don't you understand? It's a joke and I understand that it's terminal
Wow
Wow, you hear that?
George said
The emails is terminal the chronic emails. Yeah, just like the chronic calls are terminal
Just like the chronic factors are terminal all the chronics somebody said a long time ago
Chronics are the death knell of a radio show right and so now they're writing all the material for the radio show boy
That is a shot yet is
That is a real shot
You
What what is this thing yours truly the big oh here's the fake big oh, I'm deleting it. I'm not reading it
Now I can't afford to be deleting much because that was the only one I had left on there. Oh got some stuff from yesterday
I could write some fake emails for it. But I don't want that
You just if you write fake emails that'll be good. No, that was a joke
No, and if manny from canola's right now hundred fake emails and love is love bastard and Josh
Reeman are writing fake emails that's bad
Nick and Miami says
The email format is much better than listening to a bunch of no-life chronic's calling to say you're my friend
Bob my mom or other useless garbage
Bob Bob Bob. I don't know who says Bob Bob Bob
Hey, oh
I think that's what it never fails that when you finally do take calls
It's you're my friend that losers should just go away that way we can actually listen to the new Roger show
Congrats on 30 years. It's 33 by the way Nick in this god for a second market
When you finally do croak. I hope that's never they can loop tapes of your old shows
It would still be to crap over anything else on the radio. That's not what George said George said I've lost it
He said I don't know the difference between entertaining talk great calls right
And these will fake emails the fake this one and the fake that one and the fake castor and over and the fake love a third
Anya dea dea dea dea that's what George says yep. Well, let's see what the poll says, huh?
Mm-hmm
Well, what a sat me. Mm-hmm you are grumpy man. You're right. You know exactly how to write it is right results that you want
What are you talking about?
I didn't have to take this poll
Nobody held a gun in my head and said hey, it's opening yourself up to a bunch of crap is what it is
No, and especially when you put on there. I want the callers. You know who those people are voting over and over again
No, I know who's voting. I love it. It's a big improvement
Let me say it again. I know who's voting. I want the callers
There's the same people
What's your take on the old current email format? It's okay 39
I love a big improvement 35. I want the caller is 28 WTF 13. I hated it sucks seven or it's suck
And I want the bedtime stories five only five
See you really think you you overestimate the intelligence of the public out there. I do yes
Because before the show you said to me what about the bedtime story that said to you
They don't even read the ones that we post on our website the the number of people. It's just an exercise
Yeah, it's me wasting a thousand bucks. I'll leave it for you for a while
I'm touting the bedtime the bedtime stories the bedtime story the bedtime. Yeah, what were you doing?
I was saying if you're going to be reading something
Reading something well written by somebody that knows what they're talking about is way more entertaining than reading a bunch of stuff from chronic cranks
So I just read the newspaper. Why don't you just read a chat room? Why if I were supposed to be interacting with the audience
Why don't you just read the message boards that I suppose I thought was supposed to interact with the audience and the lieu of calls
I thought the emails was a great way to do it and one especially since they never came through with that text messaging thing
But they promised us that we're gonna do but they couldn't sell it without a bunch of ideas anyway. It would be the same people on that
How do you know
You know
Adrian says I don't think George is smoking enough weed. Okay, let's that's the fact. Let's print out his comments
Surely the surely that gave you the 40 bucks at the track mm-hmm
Says I've never requested any bits before please play cooking the cat and Chris go and others
My guys home today has never heard them
Thanks if you will love you anyway
Well, what does that mean please please play cooking a cat and Chris go and others?
It's called cats and Chris go maybe she likes the all the other
But don't you understand that this make any sense
Please play cooking a cat and Chris go and others my guys home today has never heard them that then being what
What does that mean them? I don't know those bits
Yeah, that can't do Chris go and one of the other one
Yeah, the kettle
If you
All across the nation
And all over
Patience
Rose
All the
Green piece emanation
Say not again
Oh
Please do not try your cats in
Just
You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, this is the Neil Rogers show. Oh, I don't know. I could have died. Oh
Any question this sucks being here sucks this works sucks
We're swearing while we work
Opensity is making me enjoy my new workplace so eff you and you
Just say it's strong for letters long and say it to my face
You won't open the room
We all will just assume when something hits a fan that you don't give a damn and call it for the fool
How is this crack
Oh, yeah, I love the way that ends. It's my favorite
All right now, I'll give you an example of what great emails are coming in okay. All right. Here's one that says
Leo from point
That's all it says oh
Pretty good stuff huh can't beat that it's got a phone number
Maybe you know what you say Leo from point
And that's it. Maybe you want to date. That's one of the better ones
David Woodworth says what's the topic today any guest today? Are you taking calls today? David
Who thinks he's really clever and very smart and amusing
That's for you David. That's the topic today raspberry. Yeah, blueberries poison berries
And here's one also now wait a minute
Ert
Well, let's see if it's the same number. Oh, yeah, the same number that as the one that said Leo from pointin says
Hey, Neil get a life enough Schmidt in that radio station have hectic
Dot dot dot have hectic
Dot dot dot I see that's Leo from pointin
Enough of that radio station and now your favorite email or the mall
Rooster Chuchu is back subject suck holes in George
You ready? No
Yeah, okay, I had a play because George won't because he's surly today. Yeah, Adam
Kirschner is right you're getting really surly lately
I'm not really sure if it's not enough good weed or if it's not getting laid enough or what the problem is but boy
George really surly ain't those things what is it?
Nothing no George don't like to show anymore
Oh, I don't like you reading crank chronic emails all day long. That's so you don't want to hear Rooster Chuchu. No, I don't care
Well, what kind of attitude is that I don't care. Oh, okay
He says I didn't write anything yesterday for two reasons
You know, it's really interesting because you got kind of a morbid fascination with that John ZTR when it came out of the closet
Is all those other fake people I do and then there were a lot of really amusing emails
If you say so I thought they were funny as hell, but you take it all seriously. That's the problem. No
It's all a lark right it's all a hoot
If I took it seriously, man, I jump out taking anything seriously. I'm taking it boring
The fake prices went up as we ate says the family of Tower Park restaurant
Brain and sent this
Well, I'll consider it. Oh the fake joy Reynolds is back
Mr Radio
right
And I have no idea what this is from some chat room something like like you said
Per George's request. Oh wait a minute. I just made it disappear and now it's back
Today is Neil's 33rd anniversary being on your Miami March 1st 76 Neil started on
1360 WKAT
Love and more hate him. Neils the most successful local radio personality Miami radio history comments
Oh
Here are the comments. I have no idea what this is from
It's a shame QM cut his stones off. I hear people say he'd actually settle down after moving there from 610
If that's the case, I can only imagine how raw he must have been even the early days on QM were pretty edgy
But alas alas is right
Replying number two
Related to everyone else he is still raw and edgy. Neil is frankly the best radio talk host I've ever heard
His stream of consciousness presentation combined with his bits making show the best listen and talk radio
Those of us in South Florida lucky to have him on the dial aim end of that
And that's it those are the two replies. Oh no, there's 105 of them
Well, how the hell do I find them?
I should read 105
twice
Post 434 it says
I don't get it
You said it is at the end of it I don't take joy Reynolds I don't know
And I clicked on Neil Rogers and what do I get what does it take me to
Takes me to a blank screen
Whoo, oh well
Here's one from somebody else subject WQM. We love your show. Neil. We don't listen to sports of any kind
We enjoy the horse racing stuff. Oh, you're the ones
I use QAM white noise as white noise from time to time when I shower
And I heard copper steam last weekend and DA and occasion there entertaining and can talk on many topics
Cooper steam whatever his name is
Whenever big zero comes on I for go the white noise and just enjoy the shower
Wish QAM would get Randy three to six in the afternoons, but I guess I should want one
I should want in one hand and well, you know
What what does that mean?
Luck to all the coming year will need at best redlands jimin jennyd. What what does that mean?
But I but guess I should want in one hand and well, you know, I don't know. I don't care
Randy three to six. What do you think of that?
Uh, go ahead now seriously. What do you think of that? Don't you have an answer? Yeah, great. Wonderful. Let's do it
Randy three to six. Are you a crazy person or what? That's a fact but nevertheless. Yeah. Oh, I think it'd be a improvement
Well, here's one from Devon tell George I can do the buck nasty I can do the doinky doink and I'm learning to do the rusty trombone
Well, whoopty do for you
That great congratulations. That's it on there right now
Now can I get back to rooster to chew sure? I
Mean I won't read it if you don't want me to really don't I'll be right here whatever you do man. I'll be right here
Oh, this is George's way of saying it sucks that you're reading these emails and then we need to get back to taking calls and reading
Ventiles that's not what I'm saying at all. What are you saying? I'm saying that you should have the same standards for the email as you do
But you don't understand there is nothing else. Don't you understand there is nothing else they have nothing to say any first few days that we did the email
Thing it was great all kinds of different people having something to say real people
We didn't have the fake this one and the fake that one and then they ran out of material just like the colors did years ago
That's right years ago. They have nothing to say about the same people the colors and the chronic colors
And the chronic email is there are any poll don't you understand there's nothing on there right now they have nothing of this fits
They're the same mouth-brithers except when you can't when they can't call in they'll write in
It's the same pack a mouth-brithers and they bore me whether they're on the phone or on the email so so
Rooster chew choo says I didn't write anything yesterday for two reasons Sunday was your anniversary
I didn't feel compelled to write if I was already a delayed
Secondly, I knew all the suck holes were just gonna overrun your inbox. No, they did not
It was extraordinarily disappointing not as disappointing as today as though today is like we fell off the edge of the earth
I think it's noteworthy you've lasted this long in one market it that is admirable. Oh
Most of the three decades have been stopped at the top which is really amazing
What does that mean? I
Criticized because I care. I always listen when I can please don't die yet or but change
Congrats, okay, don't die just change
He doesn't say change to what but change change like in here some other clothes don't look homeless some little shorts maybe
No, I got clean shorts. I don't wear dirty underwear is okay good
PSY are people congratulate George for the 30 plus years
He hasn't been there for over half of it. Yes, he has and contributes very little to the show
George knows nothing about the emails tell him to shut up
I'm sure that many of the emails by the cranks are still useful to the show
He's just jealous because they're more integral part of the show than he is their equips are better than the
X-Rment he spills out of his stupid mouth when you quit spill an X-Rment out of your stupid mouth
So let's work your two-choose
right?
Six foot one and runs 10 miles every day and yeah, I
Inflodic and displayed a hundred times as they are in reppin
Jones and got a kind of penis made of steel and all right
Filzes although I don't agree with everything you say about religion you keep me laughing every day
Happy 33 hope you're on for another 33. Yeah 33 minutes
How do you like that? Oh, at least Joe Biden don't have any asses on his forehead anymore
Jesus that was so embarrassing that day last Wednesday
When it was asked Wednesday and Joe Biden sitting there. He's got ass on I mean come on
Grow up already and this thing with Philly doesn't agree with everything I say about religion like it's a bunch of manmade
Hoke him
A bunch of made up fairy tales to control people's minds and money for power trips for a bunch of lunatics
Well, what is it I say about religion that's inaccurate
Nothing fill
Don't review with everything you say about well good. Now some to you. It's a free or world to a point
Adrian says don't think Georgia smoking enough weed
It seems that he's getting more and more surly with each passing show
Maybe he should know his place which he is not the host of the show. He's unbearable with this constant whining about how you do your show
Not a shot George, but
Not a shot could have fooled me
But you need to take it easy before you kill over right on the ear. So that would make for a thousand share
regards Adrian
subject Georgie
You better take it easy before you kill over right on the ear
And say
I'm dying over here that
Carolyn Ian from Hamilton Ontario just amazing how many people out of the South Florida area are sending in their congratulatory a crap
We're talking about that. Yeah talking about that before the show today
Just it's really stupifying and that's because date and broward what they sent it like rooster choo choo
An endless relentless barrage of
That and if you want me to quit reading a fake emails boy, you think we got a little now we'll have nothing
See I'm a survivor and the reason I'm a survivor is because I know what it takes to get through the show every day
Yeah, or hours without any assistance at all without anything
Here we are. I mean look we've been through a lot of these March 1st anniversaries together right yep. Yes. Today was the all-time low
You know
Other than a couple of right obligatory emails from clearance or whatever from from flee after the fact nothing
Right nothing
Mike and Hollywood says want in one hand and poop in the other and see which one fills up first. That's the saying
What I want in one hand and pooping he's talking about the Randy thing. I don't have no idea what he's talking about neither to see
God congrats on 33 what wasn't that made you want to be the host all this time
Oh
And Schmidt and the other guess which will fill up first a granny listening in Georgia
Want in one hand never heard that expression must be either
So red necki we're all old timers here
Yeah, and I took a tour through the woods. I never heard that. Oh, let me click on mr. Radio and see what that takes me to a blank page
All right
And that's it that that's the a new stuff you just got it
So on some obscure websites somewhere we got the acknowledgement that yesterday was my 33rd anniversary
173 votes on the pool. What's your take on nails current email format?
It's okay 49. I love it big improvement 45. I want the callers 37. I'm your friend. I'm your friend. I'm your epiphan friend
WTF 21 I hated it sucks 11. I want the bedtime stories 10 out of 173 but it's Gordon Brown
Constipated Gordon Brown with our president
God and you wonder why the Brits are a bunch of pasty faced bad tooth the ministers have gone in times of war to talk about wool
So he asked people constipated fools
With that so he asked queen
I don't the bitch right now
Hold on
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacol can fries
A new contract with the two-year extension and a dozen separately
Uh, an oily paper bag of griveness
galleon up a stashio ment ice cream
industrial size box of cornflakes a one-month membership the blue boy online and a quarter-sum young guy
Yeah, uh, a cool gold sandwich on pump or nickel line flavored griscoe fluffy a box of tripe tenders
10 nearly burgers a
bromo-seltzer and pocket full of marital
For now, yeah
Anyway, Nealie you still there with the contract negotiation the other way. I should bring your attention
Hey, it won't be in it Nealie hold on again excuse me
You say trace
I said try try
Boy, I think I still have the free baseball cards as a family leave
Okay
Hey Norma you fairy
It's 1118 at 560 wq and we got the big O coming up at two although the line is forming outside the building already a protest
No, Mo big O is what they're saying and that what the sign say I thought they were a lining up for auditions
Hey, listen if they're breathing we'll put them on apparently thinking if they can say give me to ball
Give me to ball we'll put them on their breathing, mm-hmm
Brian and Orlando says see again out of the market
Right
Happy belated 33rd. I've been listening for about 22 years started listening when you moved to mid-days in w.i.nz
I've enjoyed your show through the years. I missed the non-crank calls
I do enjoy most of the emails what non-crank calls those must be the ones you get let's be
There are big improvement over the bedtime stories the emails. He says what storage is problem today sounding a lot like the bird
When you would talk about the Cubs and w.i.o.d
I have figured out how to listen to your show on iPhone. It's like FM best things in sliced bread
Well, that's what everybody seems to be saying listen to the show on the iPhone
Yep comes in real loud and queer as opposed to that qa m
signal
This is the fact how can we still be on here how are we still functioning in a by the way?
Yes, it's heard to me. Oh since uh, you know
We were talking about it this morning all the love that you get from out of town is opposed to intown
Yeah, I'm sure you remember it because I do
All the management types that would say things like all niels show is a local phenomenon
It really wouldn't work anywhere else. How many times have you heard that because I know I heard it a lot
As the excuse for all these companies not wanting to syndicate your show like cogs because they they could have just
Opened up a lot of it. We'll talk about the soft floor to several that's because I'm on the ear and soft floor
Okay, if I run the ear in other places, I would talk about other places, but I'm not that's what that's making sense for me to talk about
Just about Michigan or like that. That was always the excuse. All the niels show the excuse is that I got normal
Can't man. I'm the only talk host of any in the top 6,000 that isn't syndicated or something
Oh, here we go Susan Smith says
Don't know where to buy pills
Oh
See Alice no prescription report. So I go see Alice get out of my face go to some shrooms and see Alice
Over and over and over again with a see Alice in the the Viagra
Jimmy Dorsky at chimed in now do you want to hear his thing or should I throw it away? We don't know that
The only thing like for the river thing like using that as an exam
Rimmer thing the one rimmer was on and obviously I had no interest in the hockey shows
No, no none. I didn't care. I just asked you the only thing that I ever said was
I'd rather not answer the phones because all it is is one person after another yelling at the top of their voice
Being really profane
Having a problem with what's going on and I just don't want to have to deal with that
That's the only thing I ever said about that or anything else that you ever did
So I don't care man the show is always changing. I'm sure that you know, this is a phase and etc. So I'm sure
I'm positive. So you know when you don't face it out on with I mean go ahead with your bad self. I'll be right here
Serly
Really really serly
And talk about changing you're the guy that used to I mean the right thing lane coming to the wire back at king chip on the outside
What king chip
You got a race been called
Roger Houston. I told you it's a crazy person wow though. That's exciting
Two fifths
Write that down Roger Houston my new favorite race call
Get out of here you like Roger Houston. That was funny
He's a crazy person. Yeah, he was the first uh race caller at Pompano Park
I've toured to that 5,000 time. Yeah, but you don't care. So you just forget it
Pompano Park where they've destroyed racing as we used to know and they've destroyed the whole facility
But never to let oh, he's a hardest uh, the answer. Yeah
You don't know that at the meadows in middlelands
I didn't have any right in that down in there. I've been there south of Pittsburgh. I just used it hardest
Crazy. It's out in the country man
You'd like that to neck of the woods is out farm country and I read neck of the woods real clean and pristine yield
Kind of enjoyed it this way. Yeah, Jimmy Dorsky says I'd like to recommend a local restaurant to the rest of the audience
Wow, why should we recommend they oh my good question
Should I read it? I
I don't know I think that we could write if they want to buy some spots
We got a lot of people spend money on this stage. I do it today's economy. We can't afford to be given out no free plugs
He says all the way like red lobster. I can't understand why I was packed a couple blocks away
While this place was ready to go out of business well
Their steam mussels and sautee shrimp appetizers are the best I've ever had and they're black and my he's for all great
Let him buy some spots
I encourage everyone to try it out well when you do your show Jimmy or give him a plug
It's true that he fresh. Let's get out there and support local businesses
Sorry, that's all I've got happy anniversary. Thanks for the many years of laughs. It's his Jimmy Dorsky
Once made to give a free plug maybe he got a free meal or something in this place
Just a joke Jimmy see. Let me take a week. I'll get a free meal for a free plug
You and of course certainly not me. Oh, I haven't tried that deli on Blurian
I'm blurring that Adam O'Schmuck was a recommending yesterday
Is that good?
I got to get some kishki one of these I got to get some grubbinus, but I'm sure I'm sure restaurants don't make grubbinus
Are you sure about that? No, I'm positive even like in a really nice kosher deli. Right no grubbinus
I've never seen grubbinus on the menu anywhere. Maybe they'll make it special
Kishki. Yeah, in fact, you used to have kishki here good kishki right uh at the pickle barrel here
No more. That's where I was gonna have that uh
That client destined dinner with Joel Feinberg that time member right and then I canceled
Boy, well what a what a deal that would have been to go over there. Oh brother
Lincoln financial is going under and uh their radio stations. They're all sucking wind and they're losing their ass
Another Jorge says I just wanted to say I was proud and happy when I found out yesterday
You used my pull idea about comfortable underwear for your anniversary show. Well congratulations or hey, it's long gone
I was not able to listen to the show from 10 to 11 that they do to work
So could you please tell me which answer had the most votes? Do you remember which one because I shamed can it a long time ago?
Uh boxes, I believe one
No, I think box of briefs. That's what it was. Yes, box of briefs. You're right
I do it all it had box for really
Bye
Why is it that so many hockey players are so hot looking and so many football players are so ugly. I don't know
also says uh
Jorge I still don't understand why so many people hate on George. They're just jealous
Happy anniversary again to both you and your god and your son Jesus George
Love another Jorge
Phil arc who is ordinarily surly in um contradictory
says 33 years and counting
Felicitations to you Neil congratulations on decades of successful radio entertainment
I apologize for not being able to express my well wishes yesterday
I was at the hospital having my rectum rectum examined in cert gay drop here have been bleeding profusely from my anus
Would not get you a little bit concerned if you were breathing and that's what we hope for joebell
Maybe Phil arc is joebell
Don't worry. I'm not dying yet. You won't be so lucky
The doctor asked me what I've been eating recently when I said corn on the cob he jumped up and said that's it
apparently apparently
Corn scrapes and cuts the walls of your intestines the devil you say
No
When in one hand and smitten the other
Well, after that I wrote to express my appreciation. I appreciate your talent and show always listening Phil arc who alternates between being
You know licky licky like today and just being a pain in the ass for no reason
P.S. Like this P.S. Why is George so sour today did the card you'll not come through tell him to stop taking the email so seriously
That part I agree stop taking him seriously just a bunch of crap. I know that's my point
Aren't you the one that always said just take the money we do we don't care. I don't care. So why should we care? I don't care
So stop caring so much
Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport men's room a
Defiant statement from Idaho Senator Larry Craig. I am not gay. I have been gay
I know I
Let's have a little coming out party come on out and show us what you got
You know I am not gay
I have been gay
I know I know I
I
In 1982 the newspaper reported Craig had sex with a man in a bathroom at Union station in DC
But now I know your gay so it's all good girlfriend
Okay, let me 31 and 560 w mu be pleased to know that now they've turned their attentions from you and they're turning on me. So that's good
Okay, after yesterday's anniversary show most of his
man that's right
Because that's what's how floated does best
Although bill says Georgia sounding really surly and costly today
Tumbo get laid smoke when it relax. It's only a radio show. Okay. The sports format is dead bring entertainment radio back
How do we do that when we're allowed to do an interview? How do we do that? Does he's for Bolton? What? Yeah, that this is right
Steve says happy anniversary near you've entertained me for years while working on the road when I lived in Tampa back in the day
I remembered the W. West you went traffic to you fill in Rick and suds and
Worked through by from your humor and insights. I'm in for a lot of day. I'll now so
Chock up one letter. We'll love to you in George from somebody in South Florida
I sent George some of the music that hope he'll check out
Some new music you check it out. I don't know. I don't remember must have been a long time ago
Yeah, he forgets. He's got a memory problem. That's right. That's smoke a lot of weight
Good health and best wishes to you guys so we can continue to listen to your show next five years cheer Steve. Well, thanks to you
J. R. C. Jesus condominium says happy 33rd
Have been listening to you since the days of alien remember those wow that was great radio
But since the stupid Janet Jackson justine's boobie incident is a super bowl everything's been down hell ever since that is absolutely
Correct sure yes now that BO is present will the government ease up and light up a little I doubt it
Now that he's present not president but present at a capo pun intended
I along with many listeners want the noises back especially those peos
Is that farts? Yes, peos see
Anyways have a great life I guess until December
2012 comes long then I will all be gone
What a crocodile joy status sincerely J. R. C. Jesus something rather
Mark and Kendall says here we go happy belated anniversary. I happen to agree with George the chronic emails are your version of storm cat
George is probably so surly because he wanted to take his vacation when his kid is out of school and can't because you're letting your welfare cases dictate to you when you can use your own house
WTF it is probably causing him an extra dose of bitching at home Mark and Kendall you're not fooling me George sent that one
It sounds like I did but I did yeah
Happy belated anniversary. I happen to agree with George the chronic emails are your version of storm cat that's a shot
wow
A real serious shot
Frank oh, yeah, here's old Frank who's 150 years old and sunny house beach
chronic subject confirmed
When you asked your earlier what his problem was or what was wrong and although we tried to avoid staying the truth
He finally let it out boring was his response to the format of the show
But apparently you aren't listening or give a crap or your co-host is trying desperately to tell you and is the vast majority of those
Communicating with you have been saying for months and months and to further prove the fact you don't give a crap
You simply tell people not to listen don't you get it
People are desperate for a good talk show and by default they occasionally tune in and hopes that things have changed
This is a guy who emails like every second or third day frank and sunny house beat height
But occasionally he tunes in just in hopes you want decent numbers who cares change a little and why you're at a stop
Bunching everyone in the same category of loser boring more on idiot because you sure ain't anything to write home about
Says frank and s. I. B. Confirmed boring and he puts boring like in big bold letters. George says the show is boring
I'm your friend
Now here's another idiot. Oh see there you go again Larry see how you are
That's me Larry you're age you want Grimman's chicken fat Grimman's not Grimman's what those Grimman's your I am a NCE Grimman's see
Grimman's
God Larry what a glia sure cup you are I'd like to have some
Well Grimman's yeah
Fried chicken skin when I grew up my grandma. I'm always had a big jar in the fridge who knew that it was just that we ate it on bread fat
Make your own just get a raw chicken cook it up and drain the fat and chill. Oh geez. Yeah, just get a raw chicken
Bring the fat and chill. Yeah, I'm chilling. Yeah, just chilling some Grimman's
Grimman's
Well I'm Grimman's thing over here
It's scary it really is but just moving right along read them all yeah, but we don't have any we don't have any chronics so
Well, we had the rooster god in there, but
Alex says happy 33rd anniversary. I've been listening to you since W.I.O.D. days wishing you many more on the radio take care
Thank you Alex. There's no complaints no beefs no ripping
No after the anniversary show they see they hated that yesterday because they had to be they didn't have
To be but they felt compelled to spirit of rice compelled to be on their better be able to spot. Yeah, they hate that
But now that's all over with now we can go back to
That's still your ringtone by the way
Well, what are we gonna do about that distorted spot by the way? Are we gonna be able to record any a spot?
They're gonna sound like prestige I don't know for the next time that
That it comes up when we have to do that. I think I might get an engineer here. No
Got some real technical problems. Of course in a couple of months you're gonna be moving down the street anyway
That should be a real thing. I don't think I'm gonna get much
What do you call it support?
What do you mean by that? I think that's gonna be the excuse
It's like why don't we deal with how it sounds over there instead of trying to fix things over here. Yeah
Well, I wouldn't worry about it because there aren't gonna be any more anyways. Right. I'm not gonna
The cancer is happy anniversary. Neal. I don't get to email or listen to that often. I'm a teacher here in North Carolina
I'm Georgia's imaginary best friend
Have a snow day so I wanted to listen and write in
This is your imaginary. I don't know what that means but it cracked me up. Well, he's in North Carolina
I see
Been a fan since W.I. and Z my college days even had lunch with you in the studio when you did that
I still don't take it personally that you stopped doing it after I was there when you better start
By the way, my wife Mary Lou has been laid off become a chronic. I hear tell her to get a life
Get a lot better. They happen to marry Lou from a high alia. Is that the one he's talking about?
No
Oh, that goes way back way back
Mary Lou from my lee she used to send me cards all the time she come to all the appearances
I read over the day was a no that was goes back to the W's news days even
Mary Lou from my lee and maybe she sleeps with the fishes do you think or hope not it's possible. I always think about that
What people that all of a sudden you stop hearing from and then they're dead and you're right exactly
Then you find out the years later that they died and nobody told us
Now how come somebody don't tell us about Mary Lou from high alia and some of those other old timers
Like Gil Segal. Oh hi there near rages. Gil Segal from the Brothers to the chamber come out with house
Never forgive Craig worthy for sicking him on me. Gil Segal. That was just you talk about stormy
Stormcat is like water cronkite compared to Gil Segal but nevertheless he's dead
Mike Johnson follows up to tell me what audio net is
To tell us please
The audio net broadcast was the advent of streaming broadcasts in the mid 90s and was how your show was initially broadcast
When you moved over to wdqm so a side of town listeners could listen audio net
Unfortunately that slime ball mark Cuban was the financial entrepreneur behind this endeavor and became both rich and a public figure
On second thought maybe it wasn't such a great thing as though we all know we get to listen to you as out of towners that S bag mark Cuban guard rich
I can't say scum no
Well by itself. I can no
Certainly don't say bag
Breaking news. Oh, that's about the Amarlin the marlins. Can we care about the marlins the marlins?
How about the marlin beach
Yeah, it's pretty slim and grim day. They don't know whether to scream or read a banana today
Maybe they can maybe I'll just stop reading the cronkine shoes the ones from a burry jackass and although every now and then some of them have some
worthwhile information in them every not very often what every know that they do yeah
Mostly not smart man could sit through those in no time flat
Here's a recent photo of Wayne Arles wife and royal castle why they say the obvious is gonna really appreciate
Oh my god terrible picture really so those two got a sour look on her face is kind of picture you wouldn't send anybody
From a friend oh yeah a friend friend my ass
Here's one from Chris. Why is George so contentious today? He makes Hank Goldberg seem cheerful. Well, that's a shot
Y'all say
One in God's name Tyson who's a crazy person says
Question how does a company so big lose two sixty two point seven million dollars keep up the good work when you're coming back to the saw grass
What am I going back to the saw grass
Maybe to eat in those two favorite restaurants of mine
Power David's a bitch
Five sixty WQ a.m. Presents who did mo with mo
Now you listen to me. I got unfinished business with that. They're about I racked it. I stand before you now with my previous
They've been finally in hand in it. There ain't no national god in Iraq. See national god
Hey, I'm doing
I mean now I'm doing my thing here
Better a juxtap can knucklehead now square
No, it was idea. Oh yeah, and another thing
For the war in Iraq Ginger Baker's Air Force or Joe Cain's in a pith helmet. Ah
Well, that's pith a joys as in pith
Nobody knows what I said anyway, but don't stop me now. I'm on fire dad like schizzy cats
Why I'm the schiziest
Now on a place in the note this new life of leisure ain't bad
Why I'll have you know I'm now the hot rob of skeletal women by the pool
They they like my nice back. I got a play in strip my shot
But I want to tell you these bros look like my shirt off and drag
and
My story I stoked at it, huh? That you wish I had me back. Well not any of life
I read no chance you'll let me see me and that's nelled up again see
Well
Well
Clark, 4713 million come me off guard there just enjoying it so much
It's up and boring
George says the show is boring
Uh-huh, bastard what
That's what you said.
I said the uh the chronic emails were boring.
No you said the show is boring.
I said the chronic emails.
When you do it it's assimilating.
I had to change that.
But I also said you're gay.
Oh my god.
You're fairy.
When you're a Julio how do you like that?
Ah.
Julio, uh speaking of Julio, Paco's got the dentist at 245 tomorrow.
They're going to be drilling.
It says remember me tomorrow.
Okay.
Remember me.
Not remind me.
Remember me.
Remember me.
He's got a little language situation.
A lot of times.
Not as much as some people in South Florida.
This is a fact.
Well Larry comes back at us at me and says I'm sorry.
I didn't spell Grimance right.
The word is not in spell check.
Just because somebody's Jewish doesn't mean we know how to spell Jewish.
You heard my feelings from off to the hard rock for my free tics for Motley crew.
Grimance.
How can you spell Grimance?
Listen.
The way he's spelling it.
G-R-I-M-A-N-C-E.
Where's the B?
Where's the beef?
If he would have wrote and gribb-a-gribb-a-G-R-I-B-A-N-C.
Gribb-a-gribb-a-N-S.
Gribb-a-N-S.
You know at least that would have been a feeble attempt at spelling it right.
I don't know how you spelled Grimance and who that cares.
But don't spell Grimance.
I Grimness when you write we Grimance.
Right.
You write again the same word from it Donald's.
Grimness.
Ian says here's to another 33 years of cantankarous talk.
And battling against also creating a competent management.
You're the best pal.
That's what Ian said.
Hiya pali.
Thanks Ian.
See there's some people out there who you know are under best behavior for a couple of
days.
Care enough to send their very best.
The fact that I had a bag yesterday and the fact that nobody inside the building you
know your buddy Flea there he is just all talk for a little action.
He did a good job on the streaming though.
Thanks to him for that.
Yeah.
Getting those same then ten spots those big o spots over and over again and putting
some stuff that has to do with the show on there.
Something that's amusing that people can listen to.
He did a really good job on that.
But in terms of my anniversary and of course who's fall does that George that's the producer's
job.
That's right.
Is to go in here to the promotions guy and say listen you little piece of turd.
I've little Jew bastard for the rip job that I got and you made me promise not to ever
do anything like that again.
After me and Cheryl went on talking about getting a bunch of people on the phone to call
in whatever.
Because we did more than that you know we made a big deal out of your anniversary.
Yeah.
And you said don't ever do anything like that again and I said okay.
Okay.
I have a whole bunch of people call in and embarrass me.
Yeah.
That's usually the last year they did something with the liners you know like you know to
at the near Rogers 30 second anniversary today
and Bob Abok, congratulations to Neil.
Yeah, yeah, I have some corny stuff.
At least an acknowledgement that I exist.
See, that's one of the things on this radio station
is you well know, and are always bitching and belly-icking
and rightfully so about, is the fact that we're like
in an island.
That's right.
The red headed step children.
That's correct.
We're orphans, man.
We're no part of, and that's why nobody else on the station
was saying, hey, happy 33rd at the near weather,
because they don't listen to the show,
they don't know anything about what's going on in the show,
and they don't give a flying crap about the show.
Just wait like we don't listen to their sports garbage.
Right, they hate it.
Anybody that wants to compare their emails to stormy
needs some mysterious assistance mark,
and they hate being reminded every one
of four times a year when the ratings come out.
Yeah.
How their idea is it's suck.
Well, what's going to happen when we have ratings every month now
when this PPM starts?
They'll be reminded 12 times a year.
How their audience suck.
They'll be reminded 12 times a year.
Carolyn Ian and Hamilton Ontario, I started to read their thing
and then I got sidetracked on your phone while I was watching
the show and I was like, you know, if you want to do it every day
and I'll just take the check, that's okay with me.
No, no, thank you.
Why not?
I want to mail it in like you.
I would even put a poll up through every day, just for you.
Just like I said, the bad thing for us to fat Chris, what?
What's the main reason you hate doing the show
is you have to come up with your own poll.
Right on.
I got my own poll, I didn't much, but you know, it's the best I got.
255 votes on this very important poll, 258.
See they're coming in in chunks.
Let's see if there's any new.
I want my nose in chunks.
Oh yeah, here we go.
We're all castle.
Here's another picture.
I don't want to see any more pictures of it.
She's very attractive and young.
Wayne's wife.
Good.
Why do I want to see that?
That means some bikini pictures over.
I don't need to see her wearing the white cooking outfit.
They're not going to send you no naked pictures
of Wayne Arnold's real wife.
How do you know?
Next you'll be asking for naked pictures of his boyfriend from Indiana.
Oh, no.
Remember that face?
No, that was just a face I guess.
You know, remember that?
I hate the face kill.
I selectively don't.
I'm pretending not to.
How's that?
I do.
I don't remember anything.
Fat.
I don't remember five minutes ago.
Even Norman never picked up runaways that looked like that.
Who are you?
What am I doing here?
Lanny Fr-
Oh.
Lanny from Candle says, I've happily listened to you on an off-sense you were doing interviews
nightly on WKAT.
I wasn't doing I nightly.
I didn't.
I was doing middays on KAT.
I was doing three to six afternoon drive, then two to six.
I heard you also when you were on FM.
I think your TV show tank because you spend too much time looking at yourself.
I think George is reasonably good when he is the host, but no one's Neil God.
Neil deserves capitalization.
God does not.
Lanny from Candle.
Well, thanks, Lanny.
Thanks for the marginal suck job.
Oh, Scott.
Good Jewish Scott.
How do I know Scott is Jewish because his last name is very Jewish.
Grimman's.
Scott Grimman's.
Okay.
See, it goes to show you that there are even our dumb Jews.
I haven't met him.
The hell you haven't.
I have points on out.
What's your take on Neil's current email format?
It's okay, 77.
I want the caller 60.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Hi, Ron.
Oh, I sure missed that.
Like a big bowling ball sized tumor.
I love a big improvement 58.
WTF 32.
I want the bedtime stories 10.
I hated it's 18 for bedtime stories 18.
I hated it sucks 14 last place.
Because like I said, I admitted those people who are repulsed and you're grossed out, they're gone.
And once they're gone, they don't come back.
Hey, listen, that goes with the territory.
I mean, that's what they wanted to do on this station.
Obviously, it's chasing as much of the audience away as they possibly humanly can.
I'm just cooperating.
That's all.
There you go.
I mean, once upon a time we always could depend on those big numbers, ratings, bowling,
and all that stuff.
Oh, it was like a given, like a ribbon.
You could spend the money before they had book came out.
That's right.
Now it's like, oh, gee, did we break a two-shear?
Yeah, it's like pathetic, pathetic.
Because they keep trying to force feed the same swill.
And you got some nerve tell me that my show is boring when they got to sports garbage on the rest of the day.
I wasn't making comparisons.
Well, you better not.
Scott says happy 33rd anniversary.
I first heard about you shortly after I moved to Lauderdale, Tamarac in 85 from Boston.
Oh, he came here from Boston.
I'm so sorry, Scott.
Tropic did that piece on you with pretending to cry on the cover.
I still have that issue somewhere in the house.
So do I.
Remember you sent that to me?
Somebody sent that?
Yeah.
Unfortunately, I and Z had a crappy signal at night and Broward.
So I couldn't tune you into the move over the mid days.
From there, I was hooked.
You've helped me keep my sanity all through the years.
Even in San Diego, where I called you a few times in 91 when you were still silo cast an issue when you'd boom in up in Pensacola.
I was in grad school at University West Florida where I turned quite a few people on to you.
But whatever happened to my friend from FSU.
Remember that all of my space people are gone.
99% of them are gone.
Or is that kid's name Mike from FSU?
Remember him?
Yep.
Big fan, my good buddy.
And they did.
They just all disappear.
My space is, you know, it's, it's like grimace, grimance.
They're all on Facebook now.
And then all you people with Facebook, they keep sending me.
Oh, check out my Facebook page.
No, I don't want to.
Worst time was after you got F.D. over by Pax and the Antichrist.
Anybody here you remember?
You were a replacement at 610, Greg O. How long did he last a week?
They did about three weeks and all.
Every show is about his girlfriend's bowel movements.
Thanks again for 33 years.
Let's hope you have at least 33 more F.Joyce's Scott.
Thanks, Scott and Zagazone.
Oh, Neil Rogers.
He's a real Neil Rogers.
I am Osama Bin Laden.
And whenever I am in Miami, I listen to Neil Rogers.
We're at the Wunhouse.
All right.
Big, too bad day to witness Nippin' Roo.
He do the rust-druck limba, outzing off the walls.
And we have room.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Alonso, hand fullen rotten.
He do the rust-druck limba.
Norton-and-not eat the ldock-i-ctin'
He do the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
Hee Bin!
we do the rust dig li m
we do the rust dig li m
Jayson do the rust dig li m
ères
You were who it is, from the law.
Under the rug is where the story's going.
He do the rust rug limba, damage controls, so they can fit and hold it.
He do the rust rug limba, limba, rust rug limba.
He do the rust rug limba, limba, rust rug limba.
He do the rust rug limba.
Fat eight alphillar in a heat with the out the mustache.
That's the rush, just out of control lately.
And this is the best Republican party he's got to offer.
Bobby Jindal, Sarah, palen and out of control rush.
Great.
You think he's back on the oxies again?
I don't think he's back up again.
I'll tell you that.
What's your take on Neil's current email format?
That's our poll question.
Very important because George hates to show the way it is right now.
He wants me to go back to those calls.
Right.
He wants me just to read our tick of the emails.
With, if that's the case, see ya.
What?
Do you have any idea when you do have any idea?
Because you do the show off in yourself.
Right. And I've been ignoring crank, crank for years.
Same as you.
Four hours.
Yeah.
From nothing.
I know.
It's called making chicken liver from chicken droppings.
Making grubbinus from what?
Making, oh, brand and send me the recipe.
Leave it to brand and thanks, brand.
And you're the one hope, the one way of hope out there.
And it's spelled, g-r-i-b-e-n-e-s.
Now I can understand spelling it would maybe instead of one of the e's and i.
Or you're like that.
Because who the hell has ever seen the word grubbinus in print?
Me?
You have?
Well, just recently.
Oh.
Schmaltz and grubbinus.
And it's got the recipe.
I'm not going to read the name recipe.
It's got a picture of it too.
Things got a picture.
It looks really gross.
Always use an on-stick pan, a medium sized skillet.
And don't add the onions till the fat is melted and the skin piece has started to brown.
Or the onions will cause the mixture to stick to the pan, even if an on-stick pan is used.
Schmaltz.
Schmaltz.
When you cook chicken, save all the fat and skin, including the neck fat and the skin.
Oh, you know, it's amazing about old Jewish women.
And probably, I don't know, who else, but old Jewish women would eat every part of the chicken, even the pupic.
Oh, my grandmother would eat the pupic.
Do you ever see a chicken pupic?
That lately.
You don't want to.
Notice I didn't say it just this morning.
Thank God for that.
Yeah, you remember that.
That's a good poll question.
What's more boring?
You know, reading those chronic emails or George saying just this morning.
That's an excellent poll question.
In fact, maybe I'll just go ahead and put it right on there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Faster.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
You're surly lately.
I've been ignoring those people who have been observing that because I think that they're just, you know, it's more just cheap shots, which is what they specialize in.
But you're a little surly.
Whatever you say.
I'm very sorry that it turned out that the vacation things can fit you there.
That very seldom happens almost nearly at all.
That's surly about it.
You're surly about it.
Anything, you know, your wife is going to be surly about it.
And then she's going to cut you off.
You know, I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
I'm going to talk about the vacation things.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Great.
The good news is,
G rated Tourette isn't as offensive
as other forms of Tourette.
The bad news is,
it's a lot more annoying.
And for dessert.
Oh, I'll have the...
Bunch, bunch, bunch.
Bunch.
Bunch.
Bunch.
Bunch.
That was down 10.
There's a building came down to in Cologne, Germany.
Historical records building fell down.
It just like fell.
One of my favorite cities in the world, Cologne, Germany.
Maybe it was a terrorist attack.
What do you think?
Oh my god.
Chronic Lawrence says,
Happy anniversary again.
Speaking of eating all the chicken,
my grandmother made chicken for Cassie.
I had it once,
it tasted great,
and then she told me what was in it.
The feet, the puffick skin,
anything other than meat.
I stopped eating it 40 years ago
and haven't had it since.
Chicken for Cassie.
Really?
Because I don't think I've ever...
The feet.
Ground up chicken feet.
That's one of those dishes you hear about your whole life.
But I remember eating it
if you ever had chicken for Cassie.
I think so.
Lawrence wants to know
which is more pathetic
than the man who's eating it.
The masturbatory thoughts
of the emailers have regarding George
or reaching out by the GOP for Rush.
Yeah, they're drowning over there.
They're reaching out.
I'll put them on the Rush.
Please save us.
Please save us.
I really wish...
Maybe somebody will call in...
The kid.
I wish somebody else had seen the kid
with the flaming red lipstick this morning.
The screamer.
The other screamer.
Junior Republican.
He was at the...
Well, if Mancorder was there,
he wasn't the only one.
And probably Miss Fudge was there too.
Right. All the most.
Sounds like a real...
Old time.
Anthony says,
no offense to George,
but the reason he is so unlike this,
because...
One, he always sounds bothered.
Two, he doesn't add anything to the show
and he speaks to us.
We should just shut up.
Three, he's surly.
Four, he has zero personality.
Literally zero.
Bored him city, baby.
Five, he doesn't know anything about anything.
Anytime you ask him if he's familiar with this person
or that event, or even anything in pop culture,
most people are familiar with.
He either does no about it.
Cleanse it before my time, or just his plane.
This interested.
Right.
Now that I mentioned, I guess it kind of sums it up.
His general disinterest in most of what's going on during the show
and with the topics being discussed,
really come across over the year.
You can tell he doesn't care.
You care, George?
What?
What about this email?
Do you care about it?
Yeah.
A lot.
It sounds like it's above it to him to be there.
Well, it is. He's got busy stuff to do.
What am I talking about?
It's probably about that chicken fricacy.
Never listen when you're on vacation
and changes station frequently when George is adding a little too much of his crap to your show.
Happy anniversary, says Anthony.
Anthony, you don't like you, I guess.
Oh, here's the fake mark.
So you get upset about these.
Adopt, get upset.
I get the fake producer of the Dan Leviturgio across the street.
Right.
Congrats, Neil.
Well done from all of us here at 790.
Right.
The personal people meter era will be no different.
I heard that you used to broadcast basketball earlier in your career.
I already knew about you doing you and baseball back in the good old days.
What basketball teams?
None of your fricking business.
Alvin college.
And then some high school basketball too.
Marshall Michigan, Alvin Michigan.
If you were good at it, why didn't you pursue sports broadcasting?
Because I was smart.
Because I knew that every dumb ex-jocke would be taking up every broadcasting job.
People like Nick Kiffrey, who wasn't even a good player, who's all over.
He's all over every channel here, even on the news channels.
Nick Kiffrey, who's dumb ex-jocke, bad player.
Today's our big Marlins preview day.
You know that exactly 40 minutes from now.
You'll be going up against the Marlins versus Dominican Republic baseball.
Congrats again.
Thanks for the good news, Hawkemeer, Chynaq Mark.
Marlins and Dominican Republic.
Can you imagine how many people be listening to that?
Marlins, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Better you than us.
That's all I can say.
Stop the bleeding.
All the millions of dollars they gave to those grave robbing bastards.
To kill our, you know, at a night time they put in a number, you know, three, four, whatever.
Better than what we got now.
Oh!
But during the day time, killer.
I'll re-enjoy those days off a lot.
So, so can we leave in 40 minutes when the Marlins game starts?
I wish.
With the Library of Publicity to Minicana.
Those were the days.
J. Friedman says, boy, that's a real mystery.
Who could that be?
J. Friedman.
Mm-hmm.
Fake J. Friedman.
Why is Joe Bell being a supporter of the George Bush Nazi ways, keeping you employed at his radio station?
Because he hasn't got a choice.
Because I got a great agent.
You fairy.
Can you believe him sending me a freaking bill?
Oh, I believe it.
He could take that bill and wipe his and his boyfriend's asses with it.
Norma.
Anyway.
Oh, here you go from the inside poop.
Word has it that the real story about Randy Rhodes involves a suitor she met a couple of months ago.
A man of means, apparently, who whisked her way to veil for a ski vacation during one of her holiday breaks.
Upon her return, she sounded quite relaxed if he gets my drift.
And he visited her down here in the weeks before she went off the air.
There was some kind of a problem with Nova Ann, but the inside poop here is she's taking a well-deserved break from political talk radio with her sugar daddy.
Once the ugly head of the Republican Party re-emerges, if ever, I believe she'll be back.
Till then, it says,
Wow, what?
That's it.
You believe that?
I think I've been...
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
She got it.
Of course.
No.
You don't believe even Johnny Darkin, you were right about that.
You and Reverend Jones, and like have a great time.
I'll be right here.
I'll be right here.
Scott and Pinellas Park says, just for the hell of an eye, Google Greg Budell and found his Myspace page.
No friends.
Well, that's no surprise.
What a shock that is.
The whole world hates you, Greg.
I mean, what kind of a way is that to build your career around the other concept that everybody hates you and why do they hate me?
That's great Budell.
Why does everybody hate me?
I don't hate him.
I just, he just annoys me.
He's a no-talent wannabe.
But that was up 14 and a half points now.
It turned around.
The green arrow was pointing up.
Aren't you excited?
Sure.
Now.
The fake Kenny Rogers says, everyone, I think George is on the bad side with Joyce and Joe Bell.
Why wouldn't he like the email format?
It gets the audience involved.
Keeps the content controlled.
Makes it easy for us to hear Neil the main talent talk and give his opinion on our rubbish.
It's fun and fast.
I think George is playing good cop bad cop with us here, man.
I said, something is going on.
I'm going to get to the bottom of this.
Anyone who listens to this show wants to hear Neil talk.
That's all there is to it.
Neil God, watch your back because George may be the Judas of your show.
Go ahead.
BAM BAM BAM BAM
It says, the Kenny Rogers.
It says, go ahead.
BAM BAM
Are you the Judas?
Yeah.
Well, I guess I could ask you one question to clear it up.
Demi, go ahead.
Do this to me.
Demi, please, Demi.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
With a bad phony accent.
How do you know?
Talk about it.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
No.
Isここ?
No, he's minor.
So, Yangma isn't speaking about me because I'mensemble with him.
Did he say that he can't hear you?
Are you bad at the Secretary's commission?
He's in hospital now, and makes the second statement.
Next statement is,
let's move to art 1981.
the camera. No, Mercedes, if it came, we did not do that voice. Okay. I'll love. She did the
the Reagan voices. She did all those. She did all that. She did the voice of
father, Karis's mama. I'm gonna read up on it. That's what came up initial.
What you're wrong. Mercedes, if it came, we did the weird, wild Reagan voice.
That one. Right. Like those. And the Ronnie Reagan voices too.
Oh, Neil. You're listening to Neil Roger. Oh, God, Neil. Deep in the jungles of the
Amazon. Live something so large. So amazing. So wasted. It can't be held captive in a
ziploc sandwich bag. Teach and Chong star in team bombs. Hey, this is great.
Join the expedition team as they venture deep into the weeds to wrestle the hay from the cannabis
tribe. Hey, hang on. You guys. I'll be right back and bring it to New York City for
distribution by day. Dave's not here. Ebert and Boopers. Just to be blunt about it.
King Bong is some killer. She's in Chong star in King Bong. Waited in gym must be at least
a quarter back to end. Showing every afternoon at you know it for 20. Okay, man.
Start it up. 1231, a QA. But I haven't played that in a long time. Like ever. Did I
never play that before you like 15 years or something that's heard that one. Mark
in Kendall is back says any signs this one crystal Rodriguez. George's wife. Didn't
mean to roughly your feathers with the storm cat comparison. Just try to make an
analogy to support George's argument. Your show is the greatest and emails are
better than I'm your friend. No wonder you don't talk about your personal life.
I'm embarrassed for you. Remind Paco that he has to rule out a bed to go to the dentist.
That's right. How do I get on the Neil Roger's welfare program? Question Mark.
Crystal Rodriguez and really Mark in Kendall. She's already is already on the
Neil Roger's welfare program. Right. Reminder that all the time I do she never
finished. She what? Never forgets. Oh and also doesn't care. What does that mean?
Oh about being on my welfare program. Oh yeah that should be my biggest problem
that I have to remind Paco that he has to go to the dentist. I mean did I have to
read that on the ear? I thought it was funny. I thought it was amusing and you know
what it might be your biggest problem. No. No. You know something if you would
ask me right now what is my biggest problem? I don't have one. All right. Well
there you go. I don't. I mean you sure I would like to show to be something more
than what it is now but then again that's beyond our control as you well know.
Yep. Sure I'd like to have a real agent who is really going to bat for me and
really going to lunches and giving me reports on what else going on on what
he's doing in my behalf instead of just sending me bills and mail. I think I'm
going to send him a stupid check which I won't but I don't. I got Norma at
least I don't know. He thinks I got him. I think maybe it's time to like kind of
sever the ties you know what I'm saying? Kind of drift away. I say I sent you a
thing. I say what an email. Really? A fake one. You did not know I said you don't do
fake email. I know I'm lying. I'm a real one. I said you're real one. I guess
she was in the movie right? Oh it's about Greek. He was Greek.
But silky. You say it. Why did I say Polish? That's the lucky
Milyaro. I mean anybody should know that that's a Greek name. Got him. I
stu- Milyaro. So I can't say her name. I'll get to it. I'm printing it out.
Ed chronic ed see I just delete him right away. He says we just stupid idiotic
emails and I just delete here's nothing to say. Something about some some
thing he was talking about some coworker with. You're boring Ed.
Terminate boring. See you think I read every email. I never said that.
Vassaliki Milyados who played Father Curtis's mother. I never acted in the movie before.
She was discovered by William Freakian in a Greek restaurant. Her only acting
experience was in Greek strage stage dramas. Freakian selected her because she
born on Candy resemblance to his own mother and William Peter Blady felt she
resembled his mother too. The rest is just for fun. I thought it was
interesting. I thought you might. Your mama. And she said.
Tell me what you do this to me. Wasn't she actually in the movie? Didn't he
visit her like early in the movie or something and then she died or something?
It's been so long. Of course she was in the movie. The mom visited her
right over the refrigerator and there was nothing in there and she was like
lying in bed. That's right. He put the covers over her and whatever.
You're yeah and that's why Linda Blair said your mother so stocks in hell.
And the rest of it is about Mercedes like what you were talking about.
Mercedes-Benz Camerage. He made all the sounds.
It was originally intended to use Linda Blair's voice electronically deep in and
roughened for Pazuzuz dialogue while Freakian felt his work find in some places,
including the infamous let Jesus F.U. line which was voiced by Blair herself
despite the common misconception that an unnamed male actor provided the line.
He felt the scenes with Reagan Pazuzu confronting the two priests
lacked a dramatic power required. It was decided that an experienced voice actor
would be required for the role and Freakian selected legendary radio actress Mercedes-Benz Camerage.
After filming however Warner Bros. attempted to conceal Macamberage's role in the film
which eventually led to a lawsuit in the garage between her and Freakian that was never healed.
How do you like that? A little exorcist trivia maybe? I did not know that.
Wow! My Jesus F.U. and that one that was good.
Certainly in the top 10 of all time although it doesn't get mentioned.
I was often as some of the others. I was discussing that with someone the other day.
This sud doesn't matter if fact when he was here.
Was the exorcist ever a scary movie? Keep hearing people talk about how it was.
When I saw it in Fort Lauderdale when it first came out
when we were standing in line to go in that's how popular it was.
Standing in line I was trying to go in and kids were coming out puking.
I heard that so it was gross but and we thought this must be a really scary movie.
It wasn't even a scary a scary movie one two and three. I thought it was a funny movie.
I'm trying to think if there was any part of it that I thought was scary.
Yeah. That was my point. No. No, it's not scary.
I bet the Catholic Church thought it was kind of scary.
Interesting compelling. I bet the Catholic Church thought it was kind of scary.
They're the heroes. I don't know why they always have a problem.
They're not the heroes. What do you mean?
They're the heroes.
In the movie The Priest a priest saves Reagan.
Yeah.
Coming to me. I was coming to me.
No, I'm sure it's not the first time you ever said that.
Oh, see. I wasn't going to be.
Let's see. Here's one that says from John Vi.
Can't believe Cuban George has never tried Frikasi De Poio.
Pronouncing and it tells me how to pronounce Frikasi De Poio as if I don't know how to roast
con poio but never. Delicious. It says Frikasi De Poio with the feet and the web.
Well, yeah, you know, I might have tried it before.
We, we, we practiced to deceive Joe Bell.
Yeah, I mean, I hate to say that. I don't want to sound like my life is
ball arose and everything, but I got no major complaints.
Good. I like it here. Just fine.
I enjoy my trips to Woodbine. We had a great time there last night.
That's fine.
Had a good free meal.
You know how it is because you know, it's free for a few grand, you know,
but it has free actually last night because it didn't lose any money.
And the new wheel of fortune, I'm starting to like cotton up to those.
I already got to hit 600 bucks on the line on one of them and I hit 1200 on the line.
How do you like that?
All right. I liked it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Son of a kid. It's starting. It's going to be a spring time starting this weekend.
Start to get a little springy.
Castan over probably wasn't working Toronto. Whether it is sunny. It's beautiful, man.
If it was about, I don't know, 10, 20 degrees warmer.
It's minus eight. It's going to go all the way up to minus six today.
Minus one tomorrow. That's 30 Thursday plus four 40 and Friday plus nine.
Holy moly plus nine 48.
48's pretty warm.
When it's been colder than crap for us, the whole winter has been brutal.
I'm not going to lie about that, but weather isn't all that important to me for where I wouldn't be here.
Right. People who think that weather is everything, that's there. That's their prerogative.
You know, it's up to you. Whatever you like. You like it?
I'm happy for you. You like it? That's right. If you like it, if you like the warmth of the sun and all that
and the coldness of the people, just dollop yourself up with it and solve Florida.
Lamp it up. Latel yourself with it.
Right? Right.
The down's up five points. What's the point?
So buying opportunity, maybe the market is just down to all.
A better check and see if maybe the loonies down to 76 cents. That would make my day.
That's another thing that's going really good.
This makes my American paycheck that much more valuable here and that the loonies down to 77 cents.
77.
You know what I'm saying?
It seems to pop up a lot.
77.
Maybe you should bet that somehow.
I should bet that number somehow.
Vetted? Yeah.
What does that mean? I don't know.
Find somewhere where that number comes up.
Doesn't come up in roulette or in horse racing. Find somewhere where it comes up.
Oh, Vetted. Like in the double seven seven.
Yeah. Maybe the next time you're out at Gullstin, we'll have you a $100 double seven and seven.
You don't even know what the daily double is.
That Canadian 77 and a 23 set just over 77 cent.
All right.
That gives me like a 23 percent.
Yeah. Oh, over this cheap connect currency.
Isn't that great?
It's something. Although I do like speaking of currency.
I do like the looney and tuning.
I do like the coins instead of those stupid ass bills.
First of all, nobody's got a $2 bill anymore.
And secondly, the dollar bills are just a waste of time.
Right.
When I'm there, like if I go to Walgreens and I buy something and they give them like a
$10 bill, they're going to be changed with dollars with singular.
And I think to myself, oh, fat, unclean.
I'd rather eat the chicken feet.
Chicken fricacy. I've had that. I'm sure of it.
I don't know. I had feet.
I don't think I've ever been going to get again.
There has to be more than one kind.
One kind of what? Feed of chicken fricacy.
Makeap tidy.
Hey, go eat with electronic equipment.
A startup.
in my radio. Joyce won't let me. Joyce won't let me. Joyce won't let me.
both of us. Joyce won't let me. Joyce won't let me
want to get below you, Charles.
The eternal
The way out the edge run by the baby
That open this small arms give a replay
Joyce won't let me
Joyce won't let me
Joyce won't let me
Oh
I know why you ain't really want punch m�s
That's about me anybody out there
I just chased my M行了
Oh
You know we can't say no
I'm all I made the outsiders on Capitol Records 1968 or 9 I would say.
That's my best guess.
Look at it up.
Are you really looking it up?
Wow.
Wow, I'm going to get the song.
You're going to get the song out?
It's a good song.
I'm going to get it out, yes.
George is getting it out.
If I were you, I'd put it back in.
Nobody's going to get it.
Ray Denzel, who's chronic, put a good guy, says, congratulations on making another
year.
But listen to you since 1988 when I came down from Chicago, leaving the land of Larry
Bluejack and opening someone can take this place when I came down.
You didn't along with George Brighton my day from 10 to 2.
Continuously, what did he do that?
Oh, because I didn't want to.
Well, forget about it.
Now I was talking it up.
Continuously success Ray.
Thanks Ray.
What year did you say?
I can't hear it.
How the hell am I supposed to know where that was when you brought it up?
Don't worry about it.
Sorry.
My bad.
I mean, even as much of a talk of genius as I am, you know, he brings it up like in the
middle of a, I don't know, something.
Can I do over?
What year did you say?
68 or 9?
6.
66?
Yes.
I was working at WMR in Marshall, Michigan in 1966, long since off the year, working
with Johnny Meeter.
Remember Johnny Meeter called in that day when we went on SUN?
Remember that?
No.
That was about the only positive thing about being on WSUN in Tampa when they signed
the cash system.
They weren't going to give us any extra money for it by the way until I said, well, how
much we're getting paid for this?
Oh, geez.
I don't know.
Remember that?
Yes.
The cost-procasing it.
They're very fine this man trying to pull a slip of Mickey.
And anyway, the first couple days that we went on SUN and I was on the year in Tampa
and all these people called who hadn't heard from in a long time, Bill Toul, who used
to be my GM with his lime green pants in West Palm, a JNO, who was a real tool.
And Johnny Meeter where I used to work with in Marshall, Michigan 100 years ago in 1966.
People I hadn't heard from in years and they heard us over on SUN with their big signal
on 620.
Wasn't it 620?
That sounds right.
Or 640.
I don't know.
620.
I'll take your word for it.
Oh.
Now it's FM.
Wow.
I see that.
It's called it as a move to FM.
971.
What?
971 FM.
620.
620.
Oh, we're going to put you on the year in Tampa because they don't know what to do with
that station.
And I also remember they changed the format without any notice, without any promotion, without
any warning.
That's right.
I know from country to you have been country.
All them nose pickers over there.
They were too happy about it.
No.
Like the chronic from Lutz.
Junior in New York City says, boy, I'm telling you, it's just amazing.
It is.
I don't know whether this is a positive thing or a negative thing.
I think it's negative.
The fact that the people in Dave Robert and Palm Beach counties, their attitude is
hubby and dreary.
But the people in all around the rest of the universe were getting all kinds of crap.
Tragedy.
Isn't it pathetic?
That's like being loved outside of your home as compared to how you were in the
house as compared to getting in love on the inside.
That's right.
One who can go down two points.
One.
Go ahead.
I mean, go ahead.
Wow.
So many years, so many chronic says junior in New York City.
Have listen to your show since the day the wacko siege went down.
Waco.
Remember, I actually said wacko.
The Wemer than I ever watched it on TV.
I did a play by play when they caught fire.
We were all equally dismayed at the same time.
I wasn't dismayed.
I remember laughing about it.
All those idiots are all still inside.
All that smokes coming out.
Remember nearly driving off the road with the house of laughter.
God, that dates me.
Says junior.
Listen to you online from New York City today.
Moved up here 10 years ago.
And don't miss the lunacy of South Florida one bit.
You sound great as always.
Congrats on still being on the air force of nature and a minge.
Get the honey junior says junior university.
Thanks, junior.
Thanks, June.
Remember, Dom Deluis called a junior, June.
Couple of calves down.
June.
Maybe think of my favorite Joan.
Jim Backus was on that show.
My favorite Joan would Joan.
What's your name?
Alan?
No, Joan Davis.
OK.
And Jim Backus.
My favorite Joan.
How about June Allison and Dick Powell?
Remember Dick?
No.
The fake Westy and fake land.
Nice going West.
West and Lakeland says congratulations on your 33rd
anniversary.
Seems like just yesterday you were on.
It seems like just yesterday you were on yesterday.
I see that's that's.
Anyway, got a new name that might add a little life to the show in
Georgia's on solo called the J.
Rod show.
I thought you already did that.
No, a touch of midnight, but no, thank you for the sports moniker.
In fact, given he's trying to hostile take over your show should be known
here after as the Neil Rod and J.
Rod talk radio on steroids.
Any chance of adding Randy Rod to QM's lineup?
No.
I don't know.
And then he says, wow.
Wow.
No wonder he wanted to be fake.
The real Westy and Lakeland wouldn't own up to that one.
The Dow's down 16 points.
Oh boy.
It's not good.
Everybody's broke.
All of a sudden we just woke up on day.
We just got all the banks made all those tons of loans.
And everybody was broke.
And everybody was doing no business.
Nobody had any money.
Nobody was dying anywhere.
The air market was just diving, tanking 6745.
Well, what kind of a number is that market?
The Dow was 14,000 some not that long ago.
I wonder what happened to that guy.
You know, the guy you looked, the same guy that used to call every day and say, oh, the
S&P is up nailed.
That guy you looked with.
And it said, oh, thank you for the low gas prices, Mr. President.
What was your favorite of the Iraq attack?
The eloped.
Eric, the high alias surveyer says for uncle, uncle, uncle, and I don't know whether
it's a stomach virus or the fact I'm still in South Florida, but I woke up puking and
joisting everywhere.
Let's turn to your show on, Tim.
And it's ago already I'm feeling better.
Happy related anniversary.
George, you're the ish.
Great choice always.
You're the ish.
Yeah, thanks.
As an ish, too, but yes.
Wow.
Here's one from somebody Todd.
Congratulations on making it this far.
And thanks for all the great crap.
I've been listening since KAT days, one definition of chronic.
Well, gladly listen to another 33.
Don't even care what you do on your show.
Imagine that.
Good.
The price is right.
Take it or leave it.
That's all.
That's my attitude, including you, George.
I'm reading my emails.
I like to make a comment and passing you blow it all up.
No, I did not.
You said it's boring.
Yeah, boring.
Terminal is what I said.
Oh, oh, chronic.
Chronic is a chronic crank.
One of the things I like best about your show brings back memories of the various maniacs
who have worked in this, and shameful media market over the years.
I just thought about the look on Sally Fitz's face when the Channel 7 Studio wall caught
fire behind her during the news.
I knew somebody who worked there at the time.
He said he made out with her once it was like kissing a fish.
Anyway, thanks for all the free high definition entertainment says Todd.
Thanks.
Well, I kissing a fish.
Oh, the fake Bob Lasseter says, now I think it's the real one.
Six, twenty.
Get it right, George.
Remember Tom Velvita?
Yeah.
How could anybody forget Tom Velvita?
I was a geek.
I was a geek.
Oh, wow.
I was a geek.
And then he got married, Tom Velvita, which shocked me.
I thought for sure he was like a real fruitcake.
I thought he was like a nooter, you know?
I deferred to your expertise on that.
No, he seemed like a guy who had no penis, no nothing.
He, you're right, he was very nondescript, I would say.
Right.
Exactly, not like a guy, not like a queen, but like a, I don't know.
Yeah.
Although he's sure like that, the Curtis a lot.
Do you remember Curtis?
I was just saying, oh, God.
And then he got the last suit by Suzy Short Scurrets.
Right?
He could have done better than that.
I agree with you.
He couldn't have done a lot better than that.
I agree.
Although when I saw him do that karaoke thing at that point, I just, I just wanted out of
there.
Let me out of this Tampa Gay area, please.
Let me out of here.
Do you ever do that?
148 votes on the poll.
And only 16 people say, I hate the email thing it sucks.
Only 16 in George Voted 14 times.
Oh, new.
We got out there, just got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping old women with painted lips around the pool, I
listen to the new Rogers Wonder 2 hour.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers, Aaron Balance Wonder 2 hour.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Right.
We down south, half-hack and half-there's a tower.
Cold hammer rack with your lid.
On a coldest track and a venture about the going next door.
They all drive for half a mile a day, where that Gucci smile and a stand.
In line a while, with no near labor, lead man hatching the Bronx and Queens.
That nylon too, leaves the Brooklyn city in the tunnel.
And it won't look bad.
Down the Jersey turn like the Tampa Rack stroll the malls.
And a sidewalk sale from your hair, as you wrap your nails, so your friends, you're going
to bloom in there, they won't fit far behind.
All over you.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
that you're about to go in next door.
We down south and hack and sack.
There's a time call time.
Iraq we down south and pass hack and sack.
There's a time call time.
One two five six.
You know, the Q a happy Tuesday from all your pyzons
March the turn from all your buddies at Q a.m.
Remember all the ones that used to work here.
Wow.
What a long list.
That we had John Lewis.
Remember John.
He's an assistant professor.
You of him.
No.
Yeah, he sent us an email in the past like a real person.
Wow.
It says I just wanted to say congratulations for your brilliant
honor tenure and all of the wonderful entertainment you provided during your 33 years.
Chattote was brilliant.
Also wanted to say that I'm far from a surly software.
I really enjoy my life here, including the great weather most of the year.
Right now it's fabulous.
The beach is another local nature sites.
The beautiful women.
I have a great career.
My research has leading me to discover nutritional and exercise interventions that are helping
people get healthy.
Wow.
By the way, my offer still stands healthy with your diabetes.
Just let me know.
Of course, no place is perfect.
But focus on the positives and try to minimize the negatives.
Best wishes again.
I hope you have as many more years in your career as you desire.
All the best and take care.
John, Iluas.
Thank you, John.
He's a good guy.
What a sweet guy.
Yeah, he sent me some stuff in the past and offered to like, you know, helping me straighten
out my life with diabetes with nutrition.
Yeah.
Well, that's his thing.
That's his bag.
John and Lakeworth.
Remember John and Lakeworth?
Chronic.
No, a good guy.
He's been with us for a hundred years.
He said there are a few of us listening up here in Palm Beach County, but it is very
difficult amidst the static and Spanish music bleed over.
I must tell you, the station signal has gotten much worse over the past few years.
If you're even remotely close to a power line, you're shmit out of luck.
Yep.
What happened?
What happened is Fidel cranked up another one of his illegal stations to about 8 million
watts and it's on our frequency on 560.
And that's why you can't hear us kick that hamster that powers the transmitter.
Will you love you?
Says John and Lakeworth.
Well, I'm sorry John.
How are you?
You better go.
There you go.
Well, we're working on that.
I don't know for supposed to talk about that, but something's going to happen.
We're holding a breath.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you know, we hear.
Oh, there's all its Richard Quest.
He needs to be able to show that he's a well.
Oh my God.
Donkey Pussed.
The park of old.
And when you put that into perspective.
Oh, seriously, no, no, I want to ask you this question.
Go ahead.
Don't the people who put these idiots on here.
Don't they can't they see?
Can't they hear?
Are they?
I don't understand.
I think that's just like our radio management.
They like that.
That's the kind of thing that they think people.
Oh my God.
And by the way, there could be anybody more offensive and more unlikely to be on television
or on any broadcast medium speaking of Richard Quest.
I can't imagine who it might be speaking of.
Go ahead.
Yeah, the only person I know with more saliva in their mouth when they speak is Richard
Quest and they could have you.
Where's the game?
Is it like it's all for it's all for golden brown?
Oh God.
He is nauseating.
He is what everybody hates about the Brits is him.
Richard Quest.
I like the Brits, but yeah, he bugs me.
Well, you like the Brits?
I like the Brits the way they talk.
Western Lakeland says the show with Joan Davis was I'm Mary Joan.
Is that what I said?
I don't remember.
I'm Mary Joan with Jim back.
Is and Joan Davis.
That's what I said.
Says I have no idea why I remember this without who we were.
Why I care is this Western Lakeland.
Yeah, and that's what I said.
I think that's what you said.
Yeah, this is what I said.
For once I got something right in West.
So while he's having problems today, what did you say?
Here's one from Stubertter subject diplomat mall.
What a memory.
I bet you never thought that bitching about rules and sweet and low
would give you this far.
You still have the Ferraris?
No, I don't.
Sold them a long time ago.
Made some money on the Ferraris.
That's way before your time.
Yeah, I heard about it.
Yeah, you heard about all these things.
Yes.
All of these things.
The fake blogblacitor says you'll go down in the anal
semi-me radio history with Big Wilson, Larry King, Shirley
Tweeters, Steve Cain, Bobby Groves, Jerry Wichner, and Sandy
Peyton.
No, huh?
Well, how do you like that?
Jerry Wichner.
I didn't know he was dead.
Oh, yeah, he is.
YouTube blog, blah, blah.
Poor Lashenter.
Yep.
Dada Horrible death.
Yep.
No wicked death.
That's what fat, fat eyelids will do that to you.
Just fat.
Speaking of people who died of horrible death, the fake Glenn
Hill says, Neil, glad you're still around.
Oh, Phoebe Kates.
Yeah, he let them voyage.
Boi-ish and goyish.
Yeah, that was the cover up for being what ever he was.
I don't know.
Although if he really was, he sure was a hell of a list with all
those chicks at the IOD.
Put on a hell of an act if he was.
Yeah, for sure.
Grab an air-be, air-be body part that any could find.
They were more terrified of him than anyone in that building.
Really?
Yeah.
Because he had no inhibitions.
I guess he figured that he's not the only one that I've known right to use their disability
as a weapon.
Oh, here we go.
The fake Anita marks the nice.
You don't like these.
I enjoy these.
Listen.
Go ahead.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
I'm sorry I didn't get to be part of the WQM team, but some things just aren't meant
to be.
Baltimore sucks, but at least I didn't have to take a 50% take up to stay here.
Maybe someday we'll get to meet in our careers will cross pass.
I'm sure my great ass would be able to get you playing on the other team.
Anita marks anything.
Oh, hi, doubt that.
Yeah, you're right.
Those are funny sometimes.
Like that.
Yeah, like that one.
That was amusing.
What a yoke.
And here's a request for this.
A soap opera.
Like nothing you've seen before.
A guy named Chiay.
Excuse me.
A steam father.
What is it my dad?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh, father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense.
I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well.
I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married.
Yes father.
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors
stone you today.
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
No, grounding is not what.
I must have you stoned.
It's the first time I've caught this on a fundamentalist Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
Oh, I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
Up to the back yard to collect some stone.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized.
Since you followed the lives of the fuck net family and they deal with the many problems that
like them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
You're father.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You won't let him in.
The guiding she-eye.
The guiding she-eye just shot on location in Baghdad or I.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
I had a flary king and they don't come.
Any better than Neil Rogers.
We got a little pretty male opine.
The station that delivers presets.
Galapagno.
A deliverance weekend.
A whole weekend long.
You can qualify by winning video concepts of the movie delivery.
What is it you are trying to require that you listen to the radio all weekend long?
The grand prize winner will be blown to Dothin Georgia for a canoe trip
for two down the Kahunawasi River including accommodations in beautiful injuries.
It's easy to win.
Now let's you just drop in.
Thanks.
We'll stay the rattle.
And family.
But most simply be the central.
Every time you hear Ned May, he's squealing like a puppy.
Let's go.
It's a deliverance weekend.
A whole weekend long.
A whole station that gets you away.
You 95.
So, friends, that's the problem I have with Bob and Tom.
All their bets have them laughing and I can't stand it.
Well, I had to part company with our good friend, Brandon, but I love Bob and Tom.
And kind of like that.
What?
We had that discussion before.
I like the laughing also.
Yeah, it's as if it goes with the territory.
It just enhances the humor.
That's all.
It's not like I do stand up comedy and laugh the rest off at their own not funny material.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Like Western, Lakeland, go away West.
I thought he was a good emailer for a while, but you know, correct me if I'm wrong, but the tape says,
then Neil said my favorite Joan, which was on just before I married Martian.
Nick Picker.
This is like the micro-synthole of Lakeland.
You made a mistake.
So what?
Who cares?
Who cares what I said and who gives a crap about I married Joan or my favorite Martian?
Who cares?
You care?
No.
I don't care less.
The Dow's down 13 points.
It's hovering, hovering.
Oh, here's a manny from Kendall again, manny from Accapulico.
Oh my God.
Wow.
It's a political treatise about what's happening now economically and the algorithm getting robbed of the presidency.
It will be awesome if the Green Goes just dragged themselves down.
Unfortunately, they dragged the rest of the world down with their stupidity.
The Green Goes.
A right-wing country make no mistake.
Who the hell would want to live there?
Sincerely, manny from Accapulico.
No, we'd much rather live in Mexico with all those dead people all over the streets.
Right?
What is that all about?
I don't know.
Now all of a sudden, manny is a political commentator.
Dufus.
Real Dufus.
You like this, Dury?
Deputies find kitten stuff in marijuana bond.
Periodically, a 20-year-old man in Lincoln, Nebraska, of all places faces drug charges after being accused of stuffing a cat into a homemade bong and smoking marijuana out of it.
Bob Downey, executive director for the Capitol Humane Society, told the Associated Press that while the cat appeared to be okay,
they planned to test its lungs to see it for the suffering any lung damage.
You think the cat might be wheezing a little bit?
A coffee.
Coffee coming up at the bottom.
Maybe other than the name of the cat, weezy.
What the human mind doesn't invent, Downey, told the AP.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
As what he said, what the human mind doesn't invent.
Huh?
And it's got a picture of it.
Of this square little box with the tube with a big long...
HUGE!
...stickin' out of it.
Sounds like a vaporizer.
Yeah, it looks like one of those vicks things.
Why sure love vicks?
I think we really have been remiss all those times we did polls.
And I know we've done it several times.
What's your favorite smell from the past or whatever?
Oh yeah.
Vicks.
Mm-hmm.
Am I right?
Yeah, I agree with you completely.
I'm almost inclined to go into the other room in my bedroom.
I have a little jar of vicks on the nightstand.
Yep.
And just keep it there for like when I have, you know, scratchy throat or whatever.
Smirror to just huff it.
Smirror to my neck and under my nose.
Good.
Huff it.
Yeah, just stick your nose in the jar there.
Ha ha ha ha!
You got a smirror baby.
Smirror to my neck, a little under your nose and then a little bit on your neck.
And then you're on fire.
Then you're really burning.
So here's this story.
It's a Brit story that Brandon sent earlier and I didn't get to.
But fake prices went up as we ate this family at Tar Park restaurant.
It's a British thing.
Instant inflation turned an oriental meal into a more sour than sweet experience for some pool diners.
Pool as in England somewhere, which is so he asked Brits.
A family who went to the flame oriental buffet at Tar Park for a half term treat claimed the price was puffed up while they ate lunch.
The alleged that staff changed prices to seven day rates during Friday lunch.
But the restaurant said they counted Friday as part of the weekend and changed the menu on Thursdays.
Instead of paying the six pound point ninety five for an adult buffet's lunch is advertised outside.
Six point ninety five pounds as when they were ready to pay the bill customers were faced with a nine ninety five pound tariff.
While the children's three ninety five pound rose by whatever said Julie Johnson.
We noticed people going to pay their bill being taken outside and shown the menu sign and we wondered why said Julie 48 from Queens Park Bornmouth,
who was with the party of eight family members including three children eight seven to ten.
We asked if they changed the menu and they said no we carried on and ate our lunch and then got the bill for seventy pounds.
We were expecting one for around fifty pounds.
Teap bastards.
One thing about the Brits man when you travel around the world there is even the French artist sheep is the Brits.
That true I can rule me would share the check for like oh it's just nauseous makes that whole French Canadian thing make more sense now.
What do you mean by that?
Oh yeah what a bad combination the Brits and the French oh my god.
The frog Brits.
She said they were shown the menu board which had paper stuck over it to show the weekend rates.
It's for all the meal for us we won't be going back since Julie was contacted something standards.
Trade standards Catherine Yan restaurant managers said we normally have two sessions but last Friday had three sessions.
We changed our menus so we changed our price.
The open sushi is only available at the weekend.
That's what they had.
We had another offer of dishes for that day.
If customer had a problem we always explain to them we're changing their meal.
Jane Burrows of the Burrow of pool trading standards said it does certainly sound outside the spirit of laws on fairness.
How how up a day in crappy you know stuffy and up a day that's the Brits stuffy and up a day.
Oh.
Well there's a whole bunch of these emails what I hear the Syrians.
Well that's why I pause this you could hear it.
This story is a little bit disconcerting.
I don't want to start doing too many bedtime stories because then they'll say oh we want the bedtime stories back.
That's your just idea.
Right.
374 votes on the poll.
No new emails by the way.
By the way if you wish me happy anniversary yesterday you can do it again now before two o'clock.
374 votes what's your take on Niels current email format.
It's okay. 103.
I want the caller is 90.
I love it big improvement. 73.
WTF 52.
I want the bedtime stories 36.
I hated it sucks only 20 in Georgia's 15 of those.
I hated it sucks only 20 and you know this crowd went given an opportunity to vote something later they come pouring.
I know that whatever you take a poll about what you're doing on the show the answer is always it's okay.
No it's not yes.
And then you want to do these.
Oh we want the callers back you know wins hands down your pants.
That's what I always vote to for what it's worth.
No you don't you said it's boring and it's terminal.
Terminal.
Terminal that's what he said baby it's terminal coma inducing.
All right I'm going to start talking about roller skating how do you like that?
Go ahead.
And sign language in fact here's one just for you I'm holding up now.
Oh look at that.
Yeah on each hand.
There's that thing about missing and see whatever happened to those football players do we hear you.
When you first saw him what did he have to say to you?
Well he was semi-conscious.
He did not really talk he just nodged.
The right thing he did say with high pops.
Oh high pops.
We were actually on the way to the hospital.
I said to me when I showed up a girlfriend in the summer high pops.
I don't know if I'm a good friend saying that they were right.
I'm popping him being lifted to the chopper and saying that he looked like you.
I haven't found the football players and other people but probably because they're like.
They're asleep with the fishes I would think wouldn't you?
I imagine yeah.
Yeah well.
Sad.
It's sad but you know who cares.
Maybe Roy Schreider could sit and then he just died not long ago I hope.
I thought he did yeah just heard that.
I didn't like Roy Schreider I mean he was in jaws and he was.
Oh no I'll tell you the one I really can't stand which is almost anybody but.
What the hell is his name?
They have a close encounters of the turd kind Richard Drifus.
Richard Drifus oh my god remember that movie Mr. Opus penis?
Yeah Mr. Hollins penis.
Yes.
Oh I cannot deal with Richard Drifus.
He gives me shbilkeys I can't deal with although I like that movie.
Which one?
Mr. Hollins Opus.
Mr. Hollins penis?
You liked it too if I recall at the time.
I did yeah you said that.
I watched that.
You watched it and you said good things about it in spite of Richard Drifus.
Wow both.
It must have been great.
It was very good true story.
Heartwarming.
I'll watch it again.
I had sign language after I watched what's that one I watched the other day.
I was going to teach you a new very useful sign since you wanted to flash me that one.
Yeah.
Make that same sign.
Stick your thumb out.
Yeah.
All maintaining the sign tap your thumb on your chin and that's M F R.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
I'll do that I would buy in a few times.
A record number of Americans who have time in the correction system across the country in 2007.
According to report released yesterday by the Pew Center on the States.
The US correctional population those in jail prisoner probation on parole totaled 7.3 million or one in every 31 adults is in the slamer.
One in every 31 adults let me finish this story after the break in detail.
So if you're missing some of your acquaintances now you know where they are.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're you're fairy.
The days like this is we sing.
Like the bus is but we must tell you we swear we're not gay if you want.
These outfits to class they would take your ass.
We got it.
We look like we're not gay.
We look like we're not gay.
Our biggest fans on 12 year old girls who think we're as cute as in the year.
But as they get older they all figure out we're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get many joy.
We do.
We do.
What else are clothes on the delicate side go?
Want to do what's the shouldn't just like you're fairy.
But today we think that we have better say we swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
Yeah, you're not the facts.
It means something might change her.
No.
Oh, well somebody sent me an ad facts.
Oh, geez.
What is it?
It says voice logic marketing department call everyone on your list.
A thousand calls for 250 bucks.
Interested generating leads.
Ooh, no.
Let's generate some leads for our sales department.
They are really sharp as a marble.
The fake before I get back to that story about all the people in the slamer.
Fake Jeff rumor says hey, I'm Cole Neil have you ever seen the movie?
What about Bob?
It's hilarious.
There's Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfers.
Give it a try.
The fake Jeff rumor.
I don't recall.
I don't think I've got Bob.
Doesn't sound familiar.
No.
Bill Murray.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
It's the one where yeah, yeah, no, not for you.
Really?
I don't think you'd like it.
Why do you say that?
It's not as funny as it was.
It's not as funny as it wants to be.
No.
America's prison population is skyrocketed over the past quarter century.
In 1982, one in 77 adults were in the correctional system and one form or another, totaling
2.2 million people.
The U.S. has 5% of the world's population, but 25% of the world's prison inmates.
Wow.
The number is very widely by race and gender.
Black adults are four times as likely as whites and early two and a half times as likely as Hispanics
to be under correctional control.
One in 11 black adults, 9.2% was under correctional supervision in the year in 2007.
And although the number of female offenders continues to grow, men of all races are under correctional control
at a rate of 5 times that of women.
There are also a wide differences depending on the state.
Jojah tops the nation with one out of 13 adults in the state correction system, while New Hampshire
figures only 188.
Southern states tend to have higher rates when the plans in rural northeastern states coming in lower.
Where are the rural northeastern states?
What are the rural northeastern states?
Are they talking about Vermont?
I don't know.
Hampshire and Nettin.
I don't know.
Connecticut is rural.
I don't know.
State policy choices are responsible for creating this mess and state policy choices can give us out.
Said Adam Gelb, director of the Peabick Safety Performance Project for the Pew Research Center.
There are two things and two things only that determine the size and cost of the prison system.
Dealing out longer sentences and putting more people behind bars have been the hallmarks of Southern states, he said.
America's record prison population has got a huge budgetary effect court in the report with increased correction spending outstripping everything at the state level except for Medicaid.
Gelb said prison cost 22 times more than community-based corrections.
If you talk to judges and prosecutors, practically everywhere in this country they'll tell you that if they had stronger community corrections, they wouldn't have to send so many people to the slamer for so many low level offenses.
For Californians, men overcrowded prisons in February, federal judges tentatively ruled that California must reduce the number of inmates in its prison system up to 40% to stop constitutional violation of prison's rights.
Implementing the court's ruling would result in up to 58,000 prisoners being released.
The Pew Center run the states through its public safety performance project said it promotes physically sound data driven policies and practices and sentencing and corrections that protect public safety, hold offenders accountable.
All of these things, yadda, all of these strings.
How do you like that? Everybody's in jail in the USA.
What I tell you, it's a police state. Haven't I been saying that for years? It's a freaking police state.
Don't wear your seatbelt. You're not a thing you did.
I really don't like the seatbelt thing but I wear them here all the time religiously.
No, I do because there are, I don't know if there's a strict about it here as they are like in Florida where they're sitting under the overpass and over the under-rays like an I married Joan.
My favorite Joan.
John in LA says that deliverance bit you played reminded me when I lived in the Beechwood Canyon area of Los Angeles several years ago.
I was among many others who couldn't resist driving slowly by Ned Bady's house kneeling out.
Squail like a pig, squeal like a pig.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Had to be a great movie for Beverly Wells to have been good in it.
That and Boogie nights we were talking about that the other day.
Reynolds just done all those movies with what's his name?
Don Deloitte. Don Deloitte. Smokey into this and smokey in there. Oh my god.
Anybody who like that smokey ought to be in the Pokey if he asked me speaking to people on the inside.
Well, guess who finally got around to it with all kinds of ribbons and bows and a big.
A bell?
Joe Bells?
No.
Oh no, Joe Bell has ignored me and so is Norma Kent and I'm going to ignore both of them.
It's a good perfect of the two of them, match made in purgatory.
I know belated sucks. Sorry, but happy anniversary anyway.
Just to let you know I'm out here and it's got happy anniversary with a big ribbon on it all colorful.
And guess who this is? Chronic.
Think of my space chronic.
I'm thinking Johnny. Oh, Johnny G.
Yeah.
Why you so hard on Johnny?
Johnny.
And you talk about terminal and boring and ponderous.
Johnny has a head injury.
You should be a little bit nicer to him.
Does he really?
Yes, he does.
No, you made that up.
I didn't.
He has a head injury.
A severe head injury.
I mean, it's not so severe anymore.
I think it's a, you know, it's healed up but never looked.
You made that up.
All right.
How come all of a sudden now you're telling me all of a sudden now?
You never told me that.
You're not even talking about him in a hundred years.
I didn't know that in the beginning.
Oh, the Frank Mahabaluch is number 79 now doing 69.
Who's number 79?
I don't know who that is.
The fake Frank Mahabaluch says great little hockey talk.
Where's the real Jim Dorky talk?
Honk, honk, honk, honk, as in I married, uh, bone, red bone, dead bones.
See below about the email my friend sent to sunny Fox on serious happy anniversary.
If you're mailing it and let me put a stamp on it.
Love the show rights.
Somebody Rob sunny Steve and Janet say yes.
I'm the same sunny Fox.
He has to do a mile and a hundred and a little bit over with the same guy.
Thanks for the note.
Thanks for listening to funny in the morning on serious XM.
We really do appreciate it.
Sunny Fox.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Terminal.
Talk about boring and terminal.
Fine, fine.
Hi, this is sunny Fox.
Okay, don't be playing that.
Hey, don't worry.
You asked plan.
Hey, the best deals on the most comfortable mattresses on earth are just an easy phone call away at 1-800-Matrus.
Take advantage of the lowest prices in the world in 1-800-Matrus history too.
Save an extra 200 bucks on C. Lee Posh, your pediatric signature series with late-texam memory foam.
That's an extra 200 dollars off of C. Lee Posh, your pediatric signature series designed to reduce tossing and turning by relieving pressure points.
200 dollars off on every size, your choice firm, plush or pillow top only from 1-800-Matrus.
And choose when you want delivery, when it's convenient for you, when you're going to be there.
Any day, seven days a week, evenings holidays, even the same day you call, even on some historic.
All with the industry's best 30-night in home comfort trial.
Enjoy daily deep discounts of 20 to 58% off only at 1-800-Matrus on all model sizes and comfort levels.
So just do what I've done and what everybody can be doing and call 1-800-Matrus today, the one-only-dollar mattress.
Matrus.com on a webber just call 1-800-Matrus, 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off that last S. It stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feetler's thumb.
Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay?
Um, is the doctor who performed the surgery?
Let's think about that.
What's his name?
Klein?
Feetler's doctor?
Yeah.
I don't know who he was.
He used George Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I don't know where he was.
I was a doctor, didn't he?
I'm not sure where he went.
Did he go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long J. is going to be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere in at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally on the wall with you on Q&A.
Yeah, Port Geltie trying to suck up, trying to cover up that smirkle.
Wait till you hear this.
Now I'm wondering if George thinks this is real or made up?
Layed up.
It says Happy Anniversary and you'll hope you have many more.
I've enjoyed your show over the years.
All the best.
Ron St. John.
Oh, that might actually be real.
Really?
Hasn't he contacted you in the past over the years and you know, said similar nice things?
Are you confusing Ron St. John with Rick Shaw?
No.
Same station.
Right.
It's like magic.
I'm sure it is the real Ron St. John.
Well, thanks Ron.
Sure enjoyed Ron St. John doing the P.A. at the dolphin games a lot more than Kenny Walker,
Uga Buga, but nevertheless.
Wait till you hear this.
Richard Goldman, X-Corel Springs, Washington DC.
I wanted to take this opportunity to wish you a Happy 33rd anniversary in South Florida.
I myself have been a listener in Loyal One since 1978-79, which may make me one of the last remaining
originals to be left standing to talk about it.
Also I want to pass along and thanks to George for the years of entertainment.
As without our kissing here, he's another one of the good talents remaining in South Florida
among village that's under recognized for his efforts and work.
How do you like that?
Well, I wrote that.
That's a fake email.
I also wanted to pass along to you that as of this moment, I myself am on a venture of a lifetime
having been asked to serve and accepted a position with the new administration working on both domestic and foreign policy.
Wow.
It seems that my years of badgering George W. Bush on smirking chimpanzee and other venues have finally paid off.
As it is, I was one of those who recently was, what is it?
Party and executive order.
Party to an executive order, finally lifting me off the watch list, where I was a virtual enemy of the state for seven years and could not travel abroad.
Like the other punnets who took a stand against GW and his cronies, I gladly wore the crown of being an enemy of the state, never backing down from my public theory that if we ignore the mistakes of the past, we're destined to repeat them.
They got stop-o playbook that let us to have no constitution for seven years is finally torn up and we can get back to work to try to solve the real problems to put people back to work and allow this country to rebuild.
Again, thank you for the years of magnificence.
I'm most honored and humbled to have listened and loved all these years. Richard Goldman.
Well, thanks a lot, Dick.
All right.
How you like that?
All right.
Now there's two real emails in a row from two real people. How do you like that?
I'm starting to get scared.
Yeah.
I'm going to put you in your place, Mr. Hussley.
Mr. Negaturi.
Be very afraid.
Oh.
Well, let's see.
Doug says another long one.
Congratulations on your 33 years in a business time.
I've been listening to you for years.
I've listened to you several days a week in Georgia a couple of times a week when you're not on the air.
Contrary to some of your calling and email friends, Georgia has been a good on your friend of yours who helps make your show better.
I used to like your show better. I've been trying to figure out why I enjoy your show now less.
I started listening to you because you were funny.
A Reverend and Progressive in your political beliefs, which was a welcome contrast to the mediocre and mundane, especially the right wing nuts.
Now you are less funny.
Your honor persona seemed to become more insecure, always wanting to know what someone else says about you, obsessing and whining a lot about stuff only you care about.
Publicly criticizing Georgia when he disagrees with you, etc.
In fact, you becoming more like your chronic's.
Keep it up and I wouldn't be surprised if Georgia takes a hike.
Now withstanding your immunity or your immunity or contributions.
What?
Remunerative.
You're an easy word to say.
A lot of people think you pay me or something.
For the time being, I'll continue to listen to you.
However, if you continue your downward slide in the mediocrity, there are plenty of other programs to listen to both broadcasts on the internet.
I'll just change my listening habit.
Bye, Doug. Bye, bye.
I know you can care less what I say.
That's correct.
And that you're not amenable or too constructive criticism as demonstrated by your treatment of Georgia when he tries to offer some.
So I don't expect you to reinvent yourself into something more like what you were before.
Perhaps you're becoming more cynical, negative and grouchy because of the joe bells and joeces in your life.
Nevertheless, you're the one making the big bucks.
So do what you have to do and get over it.
I hope you'll recover and become more like the old Neil.
Not. See ya.
See ya, Doug. Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah.
Subject will there be a 34th year for you or me?
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm insecure. I'm very concerned that Doug might go away.
That sounds like he has.
What? Stop bringing your hands.
Like John's E.T. Oregon.
I agree.
See, people when they're going to change the station, they don't sit down or write a long email.
They just, they go ahead and they move on.
They go ahead and move on.
They don't send the email saying, oh, you got to change and be whatever I want you to be because it's not going to happen.
Tracey says, speaking of kittens in Bongs, have you ever seen the Peter director's will?
I knew she was insane, but seriously, Ingrid Newkirk wants people to have a human meat barbecue of her after she dies.
Once her flesh made into persons and belts, once her eye sent to some agency to show that someone is always watching them, her feet used as umbrella stands,
her liver sent to France to protest Foua Gra.
It goes on and on, so messed up.
Foua Gra, that's snails?
No, that's a duck liver.
It is? Yes, that's cargo snails.
Escargo? Oh, Escargo, excuse me, I forgot all my French cuisines.
I mean, yeah, that's right.
Oh, oh, oh.
Fat man after dark says, I like the email format.
I also enjoy some of the calls, but it's just not worth it.
Right, there's a guy that's got his thumb in it.
I had noodle coagulus week and the noodles were burnt on top, so it ruined the dish.
Oh, when you've been giving out a winter call stream this week again, you're on fire.
I'll give it a shot.
I'll give it my best try.
You're so insecure and you're always worried.
Yeah, no, you got me confused with Greg Budell.
I'm worried about what other people think.
I don't give a fine crap on anybody.
Thanks. The show is here.
It's for free.
If you like it, thank you very much.
I'm happy.
If you don't like it, goodbye.
Simple as that. It's not rocket science.
Bramble 8 says, congrats and happy anniversary on colonial best wishes from New York.
Amy.
Thanks, Amy, from New York.
Again, another out of towner.
I take a dog is in town.
Unhappy.
And I can understand why.
Rich and Orlando says congratulations on 33 years in a Miami market, especially last several
years in Toronto and Amsterdam.
How many shows did I do from Amsterdam?
One.
Couple.
Couple.
I don't know.
Didn't work out too well.
I was Bob Ramuth, man.
That great student is studio.
He helped build.
Anyone who prosperous in one market for that long belongs in a radio hall of fame.
You and Ricky Tiki are both overdue.
I lost 75 dollars in the death pool when Paul Harvey signed off.
I had Bob Shepard.
Fist me off.
Anyway, I hope you keep doing this until you croak.
If you keep your diabetes under control, you should have been able to make it 50 years.
But then I'll be seen out.
I won't miss you.
Thank you.
And bless your atheistic little heart.
Rich and Orlando.
Well, thanks Rich and Orlando.
The other town people are very happy with me.
And the end town people are, baa, baa, baa.
You better change.
Baa.
You suck, baa.
You're always changing.
As I've tried to explain to people.
Yeah.
I go with the flow, baby.
I go with the flow.
Here's one from somebody.
I've been listening to you for 25 of those 33 years.
Enjoyed every show I've been able to hear you want.
How do you like that?
Every show.
Thank you for letting us and me listen to your archives.
It's so nice to be able to listen to your show on the other side of the world.
BKK, if I had the internet.
What's BKK?
I don't know.
What was that killer on the west?
The BKK killer?
I think it was.
Was it?
I don't know.
Oh, and guess what was on?
Oh, that's why I played that beach.
That's not beach boys.
The back speed boys thing before.
Guess what was on biography last night?
Who?
Instinct.
Ask me how many seconds I watched a Vataborsha.
Oh, my God.
I think Instinct and the Jonas Brothers.
I think it's a lot of fun.
The Jonas Brothers are living proof that kids don't have very good taste in music.
That's a fact.
409 votes on the pool.
And only 20 say I hate the email formatted sucks.
And George is at least 18 of those.
You're going to fess up now or wait till tomorrow.
Yeah, I did all 20.
Oh, Nioh!
You're looking at Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
And Doug did.
We just continued to eat Neil Rogers.
For the record, have you ever missed steroids, human growth, hormone, or any other performance?
Enhancing substance?
No.
When I'm asked by the press, hey, Erad, why are you a cheating slut like Barry Bond?
I just clearly respond that I was young and dumb.
I was young and stupid.
No, no.
The right sports agent and a popular cyst can make a millionaire out of a dumb ass kid.
All you got to do is cheat if you're young and dumb.
Young and stupid.
I'm young and dumb.
I was young and dumb.
But what's more important is that I can't let the dumb ass find out.
I'm hung like a nut.
You know, I was young and dumb.
Young and dumb.
All you boys and girls will want to be playing one day in the major leagues.
Just lie a lot and cheat.
I was young.
I was stupid, stupid, stupid.
Periodic jerk.
Neil Rogers is on South Florida sports leader, 560 QAM.
All right, this is a football town.
And this is your football station.
South Florida sports leader, 560 QAM.
BKD is bank codifying.
Is there a future difference?
Yes.
Eric got me.
I told you so.
Oh, but thank you.
Welcome.
What's the care for?
Serious is 13 cents.
I'm selling opportunity if the river was one.
13 cents.
Got a quarter.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm queer and my admission.
I'm a bag who likes to involve.
I'm here to conserve this mission.
It's back, it's back, it's not all.
I'll be ready to be a food as long as it's alive.
It's a matter of two big years.
This girl's already died.
But I prefer up the crown high.
Inside crown, high, high, sliding in the field.
I love it a lot.
I like that, I like that.
I like loving the field of the know-how.
Loving the field of the know-how.
Loving the field of the know-how.
Here's your Simone.
Come, come, come.
It's all a shame you're barricola.
I've got one addition to what I confirm.
I've found a new addiction.
I like to wear a trend.
I've got that choice.
I'll try to find the best for a driving time.
I've got one final chance and one thing every night.
I've got both who the best.
Inside crown, high, high, sliding in the field of the know-how.
I like that, I like that.
I never love you the know-how.
Loving the field of the know-how.
Loving the field of the know-how.
That's it.
The only thing that sounds good is for drinks.
5.6.11.QM!
My Emmy!
Forbillaudedale!
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, tell me what your problem is.
