Feel what?
That stands back and I can't stand it.
Raking, running, running, flying.
Raking, running, spoilt holes are talking and squeezing and walking for you.
They want your band-aid.
Raking, running, running, running.
Raking, running, running.
Fourth, 10.15.60 WQM. Happy Wednesday to you.
Now you didn't tell me how the signal sounded when you were driving in this morning.
Sounded fine today.
Really?
But I don't live that far south though, so I don't know what's happening downtown.
You better go downtown by the herald building and hear that the waves crashing rolling in.
Downtown.
Hey Regina woman claimed she became violently ill last fall after drinking a cup of McDonald's
coffee that she claims was contaminated by human feces.
Oh my God.
She's suing both the restaurant chain and saputo foods limited.
The company that supplies its coffee creamers according to a statement of claim filed with the Court of Queens bench in Regina.
Can we say Regina on air? Call up Joyce and find out.
Okay.
Cheryl Manziac said she made a disturbing discovery August 2008 after picking up her morning coffee in McDonald's outlet.
At 924 Victoria Avenue east in the east end of the city.
After adding cream and drinking more than half the coffee she found something round floating in it said the statement of claim.
She said she subsequently came down with diarrhea and severe abdominal pain that required medical attention.
Manziac said she had the remains of the coffee tested by a lab which indicated several containment contaminants including human feces.
She seeking money for loss of income health expenses and other damages although no sum was mentioned.
None of her claims have been proven in court yet but McDonald's restaurants of Canada limited and saputo foods have denied the claims.
We believe the allegations are totally without merit we completed dismissed this claim McDonald said to the news release.
McDonald's will vigorously defend this position in court.
She found something round floating in her coffee.
Brown and brown.
Well, who was in the coffee? Whatever it was by that time I'm sure it was brown.
Yeah.
Look at this. The fake Tom Jicke sends me this press release. 99 KISS.
Are you aware of this? Do you know about Scott Simon? Yes I did.
And DJ Matt Walker, do you know these guys?
I don't know Matt Walker.
No. Well you'll meet him.
One of these days when you're wandering the halls and Pete Lenny isn't feeding you a pile of crap.
By the way, Pete Lenny, thank you so much for that five page hate email last night.
Like I said, the vultures are circling over waiting to pick the bones off my dead car.
Because I'm still here though by the way I'm here.
99.9 KISS Country WKIS is pleased to announce that as of June 22nd, what is that?
Is that interesting?
Is that interesting? 10th. What?
That like a Tuesday?
No, it's a Monday.
Monday.
It's a week from Monday.
DJ Matt Walker will come on board after no host got Simon will be moved to mornings and the new morning team will wake up south forward with the Simon and Walker morning show.
Operations manager Ken Beeson.
Bosen, who is that?
Ken Bosen, he's really cool.
Becomes after no host with Darleen Evans and Eric Brand and continuing his midday and evening host respectively.
Eric Brand and he's still on the year?
Oh yeah.
Wow. He's got to be a hundred years old by now. He's got to be almost as old as me.
A 14 year radio veteran Matt Walker comes to KISS Country after hosting and producing a high list successful hot ACM.
Morning Show in Kalamazoo.
All right.
Oh, I love Kalamazoo man. I had two great years there.
Previously he spent several years in country radio and Grand Rapids, Michigan and has extremely excited to be returned to country radio as a member of the KISS team as in KISS this.
Matt Walker brings a tremendous work ethic and a new fun energy to the KISS team said Ken Beeson, WKIS Operations Manager.
We're very excited about Matt coming to Miami. He'll be a great addition to our team.
General Manager Joe Bell commented South Florida is in for a treat.
Sounded a walker, our funny entertaining guys will help get a great day off to a great start.
What?
What did you just say?
I didn't say anything.
Yeah, you did. You made a sound.
As soon as I said general-anguage Joe Bell, you were like that.
Don't tell me YouTube guys are on the outs.
What?
Yeah, see?
By the way, let me say it again without any noise in the background like over the ID.
The point five that came in yesterday and this is a radio excuse.
That was the third week in May.
So I looked at the calendar last and I was wondering. I was curious.
weren't you curious?
Yeah.
It was the 18th of the 22nd of May. Well, that's a week that we were serving in limbo for three days.
We were only on Monday and Tuesday that week.
So you can try to hang that point five back around our next like a al-newspot. Good luck to you.
Just see what I'm saying.
I do.
Do you want to take credit for that whole week when we were only on two days?
No.
For that 0.5.
I don't.
John and four laundry.
Oh, I'm telling you. I got so much stuff, including that PD Lenny email.
Yeah. Now, if you were me, were you with that?
Go ahead.
No.
It is so sick and so long.
And I can't prove that it's from him. See, this is the problem.
It is hate filled, though. That's for sure.
Oh, it's hate filled. All right.
From Peter Leonard, the radio guy, Tenet Yahoo.com allegedly.
And he told you he didn't send me any email.
True.
Well, so I don't know. Could be from Fat Boy. Could be from a number of really sick twisted people.
John and four laundry dail says I was driving home last night around 620.
When out of the blue Dan La Bastard launch day vicious attack on you, he ripped you a new one.
A new...
A-s, I guess.
Wow.
You can stop right here if you wish, but here are some of the details. Why would I want to stop?
He says you're finished. No one is listening.
It won't be for the next few years out of this new arbitrage system.
Yeah, that's because he knows how the panel works.
And if you don't have your audience on there now, it's not going to change because they have the same stiffs on there, month after month, week after week, year after year.
Absolutely.
He says you bullied everyone in the market for the last 30 years. And now that you're down, you're blaming everyone else for your problems except yourself.
He says you didn't do enough for George, didn't protect him.
The real Mark Hockman jumped into this point to disagree.
He says you don't want to talk about the readings. Now after talking about them forever, why do you want to talk?
Did I talk about them yesterday and every week?
Yes.
It's interesting. Joe Belses, I talk about them too much. Nobody cares about the weeklies. And La Bastard says I don't want to talk about them.
All the while, Stugots was chiming in too. Take care, John and four laundry.
Thanks, John. Thanks for the spy report.
Your small potatoes, La Bastard.
Small potatoes.
Didn't do enough for George.
By the way, I sent George a copy of that scathing email from PD Lenny.
Yeah.
I copied him on it.
Because there are some people who are, you know, your friends to your face and then as soon as they get the opportunity to stab you in the back through the heart, stick a knife in your ass.
And that's either PD Lenny or whoever the person was that wrote that scathing multi-page email.
I'm sure it's him.
And this morning, speaking of the vultures flying over, by the way, is this phone working or what?
Oh, oh, wait, I don't have you potted it.
Oh, don't scare me like that.
Wow.
Because I'm sure we're going to get some really excellent calls.
Times.
John Maynilly is back again.
Back them.
Whoa.
The consultant in New York that I never heard of before that Howard got fired from the New York Post.
Subdict.
Yesterday show.
What do you think that a New York City consultant who's got like real clients would be too busy to be sitting listening to this show?
Why is he so obsessed with this show?
Hello again.
You got a few things wrong yesterday.
Ray, my email to you.
I think what he wants is a running debate back and forth on the show, which is not going to get it.
This is the last one of these I'm reading from him.
OK.
Why was I listening if you're so bad?
I turned in to see how you'd handled your return from suspension.
That's when I heard all the ranting about the new rating system.
You said that you have no more than 16 minutes of commercials per hour.
Whenever your four, whatever your four breaks consist of, the fact is that nearly every time you go away, you're going for five to six minutes.
Can't you see him sitting there with a stopwatch?
I mean, this is a guy who desperately needs to find a hobby.
Q.I.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
Hey, I don't hear that.
Hey, I don't hear that phone call.
Why hear it?
Hey, remember you were talking about that lady in the coffee.
How about the lady in the finger in the chili a few years ago?
Yeah, about it.
Yeah.
You didn't hear the caller?
No, we got a problem because I can't hear the phone call.
Oh, no.
Let me try something else.
I'll just punch up the dial tone.
See if you hear it.
Punch one up.
Okay.
Q.I.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This means people are ridiculous.
Is there anything in your contract that says you actually have to talk?
Can't you just sit there and like go, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Yeah, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a consumer doing that.
Make noises or something.
Are you, are you hearing this caller?
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
be good ones for you, says john mainelli again in new york who's taking an unnatural, bizarre interest in this show, you gonna pick us some good calls today, what?
okay, okay, let's do the break, let's do our 20-minute break that I have a heart or a liver live in Chicago,
when it comes to sex, what women really want is
Susan Boyle, hello!
You were having the best sets of your life right now.
But really enjoying it, really enjoying it, the second of it.
Do you love your vulva?
It's pretty awesome.
Take off your pants.
Wow.
Wow.
Enormous.
108 inches all the way around.
It's like a dream come true.
I would see that as a major problem.
That's involving me.
I just want to touch you, okay?
Yes.
We'll be back in a moment.
We're six five.
You should take some vitamins for it.
You should take some.
They should feed it like a dog.
It's a 1018 at 560 WQM.
What do we got today?
We got the big O2?
The big O?
Oh!
Oh yeah.
Then we got mad dog 4 to 7.
Ha ha ha ha.
Dolphin tonight 7 to 8.
And then the DA show 8 to 11.
Well obviously that Wednesday, Thursday and Friday that we were in limbo that week,
the third week in May.
The DA and his accolades, his partners in crime.
Obviously this is a real pubic service, didn't they?
Oh yeah.
But let's not start blaming other people for our own failures.
Okay, we had a 0.5 that week, whether we were on or not.
Mike Johnson, who's beyond chronic, says, can you explain what influence the ratings have on a radio station at a host?
Like, guess that in the past, this was used as the basis for pricing advertising,
with higher rated shows getting a higher premium.
But the way the diaries have been compromised over the years before the move to this new joke of a system,
what effect does it have?
What does that mean the way the diaries have been compromised?
I don't know.
I don't know what it is either.
No problem with being able to hear the QM signal from my current four Myers.
So, hi to everybody in four Myers and four St. Lucie and the people listening online.
But the people in Dave County can't, I don't know if they can hear us or not.
Maybe we'll get a spy report from Dave County.
So, one of these phones going to work.
When are they going to roll over and start doing like a real talk show?
Any day.
That's what I'm being told.
Oh, brother.
Any day.
Any day, my ass.
Oh, don't start pitching about engineering again.
These guys are on top of it, Neil.
Yeah, okay.
Roberts is happy Humpty.
Love the show and been listening for years.
Your show hasn't changed since George left meaning he didn't add any value.
That's a nasty shot at George, isn't it?
Yeah, a little bit.
Not saying tick is doing a good job, but any monkey could do that job.
That's why he's doing it on the show for free.
How come you can burp on the ear, but you can't fart?
What's the logic?
Says Robert.
There is no logic because Joyce says so, okay?
How come you can't say this?
How can we can't say S-bag and D-bag?
Because Joyce says so.
And that's the kind of company this is.
They just let this bitch, I mean, they let her make it up as she goes along.
Let's see if we get a date spy report.
See if they can hear us.
Q-A-M, hello.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
Getting coached in the background.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
No way that gentleman, Ellie guy.
That's not the real guy.
He can't be.
You know anything that guy is going to sit there and write emails to your show?
Who?
The John Manelli guy.
No, I'm Sam.
I'm Sam.
And for sure.
Where's somebody to all his offices and confirm that?
Yeah, go ahead.
Call John Manelli, consultant in New York and see if he's the one that sent the emails.
Okay.
I can guarantee you, Sam.
But now, why do you say that?
I just know it's him.
I can tell.
But you couldn't tell for sure if it was PD Lenny that wrote that scathing five page email,
ripping me in Georgia NAS.
Well, I said it looks like the way he writes.
Uh-huh.
There you go, PD Lenny.
Flea believes it's you.
Please positive.
And I sent him a physical copy of facts of your sick twisted five page email.
Hate.
There's nothing worse than two-faced people.
I mean, you know, it's one thing of people don't like you.
You know, as you go through life, there are people who like you and people who will tolerate you.
Think you're okay.
And then the people I hate you like poison.
But there's nothing worse than people who gladly hand you and pretend to be your buddy buddy and, you know, suck up.
And then behind your back just stab you first chance they get.
When you admit that was one of the worst emails in the history, mankind, I'm not reading it on the air.
It was hate filled.
Hate it.
Filled to say the best.
I think you should share it.
You do.
I'm going to have to put a lot of, um, yeah.
A lot of censorship, a lot of these in there.
Because every other word is another expletive.
Even see you next time is in there.
Now, how come Lion 6 is on hold now?
I don't know.
You know, Q I M.
Obviously.
And.
Oh, very bad week imitation.
Q I M. Hello.
Danielle Spyreport, Dick County.
What is it?
Spyreport, Dave Town.
I'm over here on 70th and Collins.
And the wave is light, the light wave today on 70th and Collins.
A light wave.
Yeah, but I drive around in my car a lot.
And then it is, it's really bad.
And on the call, all the causeways going to the downtown and the beaches.
And downtown by Jacksonmore Hospital anywhere in Brickle area.
Forget about it.
It's on list.
Okay, thanks for the bad news, pal.
You got to put it.
Okay, see, there's the deal.
If they could hear us in Dave County, might help a little bit.
Of course, it's true with all the other shows as well.
But nevertheless, maybe we're on nighttime pattern on midday.
Maybe that's it.
Could be.
Oh boy, don't, don't say that.
Oh.
If you value your position there is Chief Butler here in Noes, Kniffer.
Laura says, wow, this is long.
Oh, this is about the radio reception.
Laura says, I'm a relatively new listener.
I tuned into your show about five years ago.
I haven't stopped listening since.
Thanks, Laura.
Don't know how your show was before, but I have really enjoyed your show at WQAM.
Oh, you should have heard it when it was good, Laura.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
Most of your veteran listeners will say, I missed the better parts,
but you've entertained my often boring days at the wheel of my delivery truck.
I've been recently annoyed by the signal though I drive all over the tri-count area
and can pinpoint some areas with the worst reception.
Some areas are always bad, but since the move to the new building it's gotten worse.
How do you like that?
I thought when we moved to the new building it was supposed to be a lot better.
With a new equipment and the new this and the new that the new boards, right?
Yeah, I don't know why we make a difference though.
Well, that's what she says.
Let's start with State Road 441 in the Hollywood area.
The area has always been horrible.
Rock Island and Tamarack has pretty bad reception as well as the downtown Miami area.
I can hear you're pretty well in West Palm Beach, but the turnpike around commercials, one of the worst.
These are just a few examples.
The ocean motion sound has really gotten worse.
The ocean motion.
QAM, we put the motion in the ocean, baby.
I'm glad one of your listeners explained what it was.
Yeah, that was a good call at engineer yesterday.
There was a good call, John Maynell, from an engineer that knew what he was talking about.
About how we're basically fighting off the cast or signal there from Cuba.
I don't know why Mr. Bell doesn't want you to read these complaints on here.
Obviously he gets bored with them because they seem never ending.
What he should be concerned is that the few listeners that stationed at his left would like him to do something about the reception.
Instead of addressing all the emails to you and Flea, he should address it to us all the listeners.
Maybe he doesn't care about us.
I'm really sorry you have to go through all this grief with this company.
I'm sure if they left you alone, the show would be way better.
I think I'm going to miss George this summer.
If he's listening to your show today, I really wish him the best.
Good luck, George.
Good luck, George.
Finally, I enjoyed Flea's show last Friday.
He wanted to thank Flea for getting me hooked to Gaslight Anthem.
It's really a great band.
Oh, yeah.
Hope he keeps suggesting bands like George did.
I like Josh's sidekick. I'm glad he's still around.
I do miss him.
I like the money he was on your show.
Now if we can just have Fat Chris show up a couple times during the summer, that would be like the good old days.
What are you, Charlie?
What about with Fat Chris?
You think he's going to come in for free?
We can make it happen.
We can make it happen.
Anyway, thanks for your time, Neil.
Thank you for the countless hours of distraction you provided to me in the other listeners.
Kisses Laura.
Thanks, Laura. Laura is the one happy listener out there.
No complaints about me or you or that.
Thanks, Laura.
Leave it to a lady.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
I don't go to spectator sports often because 905 votes.
It's easier to stay home and watch them on TV.
363.
The ticket prices are too high.
232.
The athletes are spoiled and overpaid.
95.
I don't like sports.
66.
Food and drinks to expensive.
39.
I do go off in 39.
They're usually boring 34.
Too many drunken fans 27 and the weather 10.
Don't want to go and get soaked.
I remember going to a dolphin game once upon a time.
I think it was against the chargers.
Oh my god.
No, maybe it was against the packers.
I forget.
It doesn't really make any difference.
It was just pouring down rain.
And we kept standing like in the aisleways.
You know, to try to avoid getting soaked.
Yeah.
It just started out in nowhere.
Well, the last three days here, there's been like monsoons blowing in around five o'clock.
Really?
Oh, nasty.
That should really be good for the signal.
I mean, if a pigeon farts in Tamarack, they can't hear us in Kindle.
I can't hear you.
I can't manage.
I f*** them out.
And now an excerpt from the audiobook of Larry King, my remarkable journey.
It wasn't long, and they might be way not to track.
I know most of it unhookers and bought stock with American motor.
Soon, I discovered the art of writing bad checks.
Now, Miami is the biggest small town in the world.
So being a minus celebrity, that made it easy.
I could walk into any liquor store and say, you know who I am.
I am Larry King, star of weekend update, and personal friend of Mitchell Wolfson.
Well, naturally, that gush all over me.
And ask how much I want it.
Then I decide it, Ralph Renek.
Look how sang in wallpaper all over town.
I got known as Larry King of the Rubberjack, eventually like a pinched,
and was rotten away in the tools, which turned out to be the biggest break of my career.
Next chapter, how I made millions, billions, and never paid anyone back.
Longest $10.31 at 560 WQA, I'm happy Wednesday to you.
So slowly but surely we're earning out the bugs, right?
It's going to take what? 6, 7 months?
That sounds about right.
To get to figure out which button does which and et cetera.
It's okay, because we would take a whole bunch of calls right now, but there aren't any.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and then of course I give that toll free number out, which is what?
About 90% of the lines.
Right.
1, 8, 7, 7.
Did anybody explain to you how come my lines 1 through 7 are all that number?
No.
No.
Because they felt like it.
I think so.
1, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
That's just not a number.
Anybody is going to remember.
1, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
What I don't understand is how come that 8, 7, 7 number doesn't work like nationwide?
Because that would cost too much money, dummy.
Oh.
That would cost a lot of money.
I got you.
I don't even know if it works like in Tallahassee or Gainesville or you know, because we do have people listening online in those places.
Tampa, Naples.
I don't know where it works.
They've never told us.
What we should do is we should do a contest.
A farthest call on the 8, 7, 7 line wins a pair of Marlin stickets.
Yeah, but they can call up and say anything.
Oh, I'm in Seattle Washington.
Yeah, right.
A pair of Marlin stickets.
Come on.
Yeah, the Marlins one last night.
They pulled it out, baby.
Yeah, I'll walk off home or who won a hockey game out of the penguins.
Yeah, they were had one.
Nothing went.
I went to bed.
So it's going to go to game seven.
Oh, please not Detroit.
Please WQI am.
Hello.
I'm around.
I'm here for.
WQI am.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Been a very long time with the football team, but I do.
I do know that.
I think you said a couple weeks ago how this is not really the deal.
Roger.
This is like the the edited version.
No, this is what it is.
It's been this way for a long time.
And instead of, you know, going on about that every day,
we're just going to do the best we can.
That's all.
Yeah.
And the moments 11th, I mean, that is actually in pain soon.
He'll be you'll be off the air.
He'll be over at 640 with D.
Bow.
And then, you know, maybe they could throw an ankle over there.
And then it'll be like the old timers over there over at 640.
Anyway, game seven, you got to take on that or no?
Like I said, anybody but Detroit.
Anybody but Detroit.
Well, what is it?
I have a take on it.
I haven't got any idea.
The home team is one of the games so far.
I know, but it's been a good series.
It's been a good.
I asked me how much I've watched.
I watched baby five minutes to the game last night.
See, I'm not one of the people that gets all whipped up about a series that doesn't have a team that I'm really involved with.
Mm-hmm.
Or that I can really root for.
And I don't like the red wings at all.
I'm sick and tired of them.
And I've always hated them like poison.
And the penguins I can live with are with out.
So I didn't watch very much.
Did you watch the whole game?
No, I didn't watch any of it.
No, you were watching NBA last night.
Yeah.
You were watching Hoops.
Hoops over hockey.
Now that's bad.
And my wife just texted me and said she's at the herald and the signal is still bad.
Can't hear us at the herald.
Well, that's good because they hate me like poison at the herald.
Wonder what Barry Jackass is going to do.
Maybe Barry's listening online now.
David Caradine went to an LA sex shop.
He frequented just three weeks before he died and placed a large order for clothing, toys, and videos.
According to the owner of Suzy's Delights in Terrance or Tarzanah, California,
Caradine was a regular in the store shopping there a few times a month for years.
The owner tells us Caradine owned almost every piece of bondage equipment in the store.
The owner Caradine placed the order Caradine placed to include the women's lingerie stockings
of a few pieces of bondage equipment and three bondage DVDs.
Some of the items were on back order and Caradine was expected to come back and pick them up a few weeks later, but he never did.
The owner told us when Caradine placed the order he talked to her for almost an hour,
saying he was upset because he felt his wife was unhappy with him.
This is from TMZ.
David Caradine's sex toy shopping list.
Well, he was a kinky guy, you know, and now he's dead.
Yeah.
I guess he won't be picking that stuff up now.
He's just hanging.
Mary said, hello from North Carolina.
I am for once glad I can listen to you on the radio.
No, not on the radio on the streaming.
She means the streamer is coming in loud and clear today.
You think Joe Bellis is planning to create ratings for you?
You're the best.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I still think they were because he sent me that thing twice, you know,
with the numbers yesterday in the day parts, 0.5.
Yeah, well, that was not us.
That was in limbo week, May 18th to the 22nd.
Isn't it a good thing I looked that up?
Yeah.
Because otherwise we'd feel like, oh, geez, we were up to a one three and now we're back to a 0.5 according to John Maynilly.
That was him, all right.
Who was it was trying to tell me it wasn't really him?
Oh, the caller, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
I don't know if we really want to give that toll free number out.
It just cumbersome and they don't roll over, right?
No.
How can that be?
I'm not sure.
How can that be?
QAM, hello.
He's by now.
WDQAM, hello.
Let's try one more.
QAM, hello.
This is John Billy here, you pig.
Oh, my God.
Peter says, Peter and Naples says, you're signal over here in Beasleyland.
Naples is the worst it's ever been.
There was a time when QAM seemed as strong as any local station during the day, especially back in the days of music.
Well, that's like a hundred years ago, Peter.
In Naples, the Cuban station is all the drowned you out for the North and for Myers.
You lose the Spanish, but now we also have the wave.
Unbelievable.
Says.
Unbelievable.
Peter and Naples.
No, it's very believable.
We got issues, man.
We got technical issues and I'm told, oh, no, don't be picking on them.
These are the same guys that fix everything right away for you.
Well, how, how, right away is that thing with a phone system?
You think that's getting fixed right away?
No.
Day after day, morning after morning, I come in here.
Of course, it's only the third day in the new studio.
It seems like we've been in here for months.
Yeah.
With all the technical high jinks and load jinks.
I don't understand why these lines go back on hold after I get rid of them.
Q-A-M, hello.
You know, see, there's something really bizarre.
The whole phone system is messed up.
But don't complain.
Q-A-M, hello.
Right away for you.
Oh, wow.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I can hear you loud and clear.
I'm in West Palm Beach.
Well, thank God for that.
Somebody can hear us.
And the other thing is Eric Brandon.
He does the fisherman report on Saturdays on Q-A-M.
Yep.
So that?
Eric Brandon is doing fishing reports?
Yes.
Part of the manager's thing.
It's from, I think, six to nine a.m. Saturday mornings.
Oh, God.
Wow.
And I just want to tell you, I'm sorry that George West, but, we, I listen to flea on Pride in fact, I called in.
And I told him he was doing a good job.
Well, thank God for that.
Yes.
And you do a wonderful job also.
And I've been listening for five years also.
And the only one question I have is they're talking about the ratings and sports, but I of D doesn't have four.
They get up there all the time.
Well, they have a lot of right wingers who are like, it's like a religion to them.
They listen and look at people that watch Fox News.
It's the same thing.
Oh, okay.
Because I really don't like that station.
And I don't listen to it.
I don't even even like the political scene, but I was just curious because it doesn't make sense.
You do the greatest job you can do.
Yeah.
Well, not so great anymore.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Not so great anymore.
That's what John Manelli says.
And that's what Dan LaBasterd says.
I know that I'm really very impressed by the critiques of all these radio, maven experts.
Oh, yeah.
John Manelli is a radio maven.
He knows his craft.
I'm not interested in any more critiques, John Manelli.
Maybe he's up there in New York, listening online right now again.
Could be.
Well, that's sad.
And where where did he come from?
Why did he inject himself into the show all of a sudden?
Like I said, it's like the turkey vultures buzzing around over what they perceive to be the dead body.
Well, I'm still alive.
OK?
Don't ask me how, but I'm still alive.
I haven't got to the days pulled yet.
Uh-oh.
This is.
This was sent in by some goofball trying to stir up some trouble.
477 votes.
What would happen if George and Neil were on different stations at the same time?
477 total.
I listened to Neil 234.
I'd switched back and forth, depending on my mood, 114.
Who cares as long as George makes his 75 grand?
That was my vote.
66.
It would be stupid, 36.
I'd listen to George 20, who would make for fun ratings, ratings book days, seven.
Now, we don't want to spend a lot of time on those ratings because you know what Jolly Joseph is?
Oh, two and a half hours on the weeklies.
Nobody cares.
What ever you're talking about, Neil, nobody cares.
That's the deal with him.
Just like I said yesterday, like the callers were saying,
Oh, I don't want to hear what you guys are talking about.
Change the subject and what do you want to hear about?
Oh, anything else?
Anything beside what you're talking about?
Now, that's pretty damn constructive of you if you axe me.
Oh, Neil!
You look so good.
Due to unforeseen circumstances during Sunday's MTV Movie Awards,
our lawyers have advised us to clarify to our viewers when it is then
is not appropriate to put your ass in someone's face.
At a cheesy orchelle.
At a funeral.
At a fret party.
At your mother-in-law's tea party.
At movie theaters as you squeeze through the aisle to get to your seat.
At the movie theater in line for popcorn at the concession stand.
At your house.
Holding down your eight-year-old so you can flatulate in their face.
At your house.
Holding down your eight-year-old's friend.
Nothing.
Thank you.
And remember, nothing on MTV is staged.
And the fact that we have multiple cameras available to perfectly cover unplanned events is purely coincidental.
1045 at 560 WQAM.
I would swear I heard a little raspberry in her somewhere, didn't you?
No, I didn't hear anything.
Okay, good.
Here's an email from George.
Oh!
Because I copied him on that email and I've caustic, sick, twisted thing that said it was from PDLini last night.
Yeah.
George says, I doubt very seriously this is our Pete.
We've been in touch several times since my firing.
He's been very helpful as a reference, got me other references, and got me in touch with Steve Lapa.
He's never said a bad thing about you either recently or when I was working there.
I'm pretty sure this is some other crazy.
That's an interesting way of putting it, isn't it?
Yeah.
This is some other crazy person.
Right.
I'm as busy as an unemployed person can be doing stuff with friends and family.
When I'm not, I'm hustling for prospective sponsors.
The people I'm stalking or I'm talking to only care how many clients I can bring in with me.
I have about a dozen but could still use more.
Right.
So if people are saying they still want to help, they can write an email saying the buy ads on my show.
If I ever get one and send it to George at the George Rodriguez Show.com.
Jorge at the Jorge Rodriguez Show.com.
Popped a show on a couple of times here.
You're talking about the signal.
It sounds fine to me both at home and in the car.
Well, thank God they can hear us in Hollywood.
Oh!
Let's hear it.
Thanks, George.
So I guess he's doing okay.
Yeah, that's good.
And I guess we have to find another source for this sick, twisted.
So you said it was PDLini, you were sure it was him.
Well, it just looks like the way he writes because he uses all caps a lot.
But I'd know, you know, knowing Peter, I don't know that he's that filled with hate.
And that was a very hate-filled email.
Hate.
I mean, that was vile.
You gotta read it.
You have to share it with the people I'm telling you.
I do?
It's compelling.
Okay, well, I'll get to it in the next hour.
I'll keep my hand close to the dump button.
No, no, I won't slip.
Okay.
I mean, I did it once there but I don't think it's going to happen again anytime soon.
Trust me.
Wes in Lakeland says, is that the John Manellie who hired Russia WAB,
seen here both as local New York show as an national version?
Is that good radio or what?
The answer is what?
Is that the John Manellie who wrote a Compton, New York Post,
while general mangling?
A radio station group?
Is that the blatant conflict of interest or what?
The answer is what?
You'll rather than focus on rating numbers.
Why not ask Joe Bell and his dogs to quote you, the revenue generated by your show,
compared to your peers, is if you had any peers.
I'm not just guessing here, but I'd suspect the green is the reason
WQM originally got the near Roger show.
That's correct.
And they never lost money on this show, at least back in the day.
I don't know about now, that we're in a depression.
But this show always made him a lot of money.
You know what's with those 45 minute breaks we got that John Manellie was all whipped up about?
First of all, what control do we have over the length of the breaks?
None.
I mean, thank goodness that Norma in his infinite wisdom got that into contract right from the get-go.
Maximum 16 minutes of spots per hour.
Because, you know, I don't want to say there are other shows that have a lot more than that,
but nevertheless, Sergio and West Palm Beach, as I hear you almost all the time loud and most of the time clear,
up here in my office near a downtown West Palm Beach, had my radio at my orifice window on the 8th floor,
signal is best for my dog show.
That's interesting.
The signal is best for the mad dog show.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
That interesting?
Yeah.
Okay, so you want me to read this thing?
I think you should.
I read, came in last night and again, these things are coming in like any evening out of the blue.
This one came in late at night.
And it's allegedly from Peter Leonard, who you had on the air during your fill in last Friday.
Oh, boy.
But he says he didn't write it and George says it doesn't sound like him and he's been very helpful in it, etc.
Which I know is true.
You know what is true?
He's been trying to help George.
Well, so then why would he rip him and ask?
Right.
But anyway, it's allegedly from him.
And it says you suck.
It says some other things, but I can't, you know, a lot of things I can't read in here.
I better get my finger on the s***.
Neil, it's with a heavy heart that I composed this email.
I've been a faithful loyal listener for 21 years, faithful and loyal.
Two words you'd be hard pressed to know the meaning of you spineless, faggot.
Recently, you've been made aware of the truth through the new arbitron measurement.
You've been out of touch with South Florida and the realities of this market since before your exit is to another country where they tolerate behavior like yours.
You are no longer relevant.
You are no longer topical.
You're one strong huge audience is either dead or sick of hearing how shmitty your show has become.
George was an ass clown.
S*** doesn't say clown.
Stuck in that sex drugs and rock and roll lifestyle, he thought was so important to the audience.
And your show is like masturbation.
And only you enjoy it and you should be arrested for doing it in public.
Oh, forgot you've already been through that humiliation, getting caught red handed with your tiny s*** in your hand at the game movie house.
Those new numbers are more accurate than you think.
More accurate than giving some neatly a diary and having him suck your ass by writing that they listen, son up to sundown to your shmit show.
How am I doing with these, um, again, doing okay?
Yeah.
You showed your true colors with George.
There are those of us who know the truth.
We know what an S-bag you are.
Self-centered arrogant, a true see you next time and the true sense of the word.
A true s***.
A woman unhappily stuck in a man's body.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, let me go out and buy some lingerie.
Yeah.
We can't wait till you're off there enjoying your lonely days at Woodbine and believe me, we are so sick of hearing about your casino and your Chinese food and your
Fagboy friends you have to buy.
And in your gay sick twisted mind, you think these boys love you.
They're infantuated with you.
They're laughing at you as they take your money, cars, food, drugs, free rent and let you suck their s*** with zealousness.
Wow.
And again, talk about this total imagination wild fantasy.
Go F yourself.
The advertising community no longer gets the results you once proclaimed to be king of.
The radio community, those employed and that think you're washed up.
And those who were once glued to their radios from 10 to 2 now no longer given F.
What you say.
Because most of the time it's wrong info or you're conjecturing bullshit that you invent to create controversy.
Know all about it.
You suck, you're a relevant, you're over the hill and washed up and no amount of money or savings you have can change the fact that you should have retired long ago way back when someone anyone would have cared.
Because frankly we don't.
And you think dinosaurs like Bob and Tom are funny.
Guess that really shows how old tired and F'd up you really are.
Go watch some old Steve Allen shows or game shows that went out and down the drain like the rest of your F'ing here, you old tired useless.
Soon to be an impotent piece of crap.
F you and have a nice day doing it.
So what do you think he really met?
Oh nice pleasantry there at the end.
Yeah.
So I wrote back but evidently he didn't get it because it's not his email address.
Right.
It's some of the maybe it's Dan libaster to one of those misfits over there.
I mean there's so many possibilities you know.
Well it's good to know that it isn't the real PD Lenny.
At least not according to George.
Well Peter's a good natured person.
I'd find it hard to believe that he has that much hate inside.
But you never know.
Get out of here.
You've been saying all morning long.
You've been saying it's really him.
He writes like that with big capitals that look like nothing.
No I'll admit to that.
He uses caps a lot and there's a lot of caps in this and this email.
That was the one thing looking at it that I said wow maybe this is really his Peter because he's famous for using caps a lot.
Johnny dark times in everybody's chiming in now this is great.
This is like like a wake.
I'm not going to dance on your grave like the others but you should be open to suggestions.
Rick Shaw was onto something with his suggestions.
Also no one wants to be boring guests.
But it would be interesting if he had Tom Jic-on from the time to talk radio.
They don't want Tom Jic-on I'm sure of that.
Nothing I care what they want.
It was always interesting when he used to come to your show in the old days.
I wouldn't mind calling in with my thoughts either.
You should embrace the past not run away from it.
What does that mean?
He wouldn't mind calling in with his thoughts either.
Johnny dark.
Oh good.
The signal is doing bad south of 36th Street.
If you're in Dave County we apologize okay.
Blackie says I think Joe Bell sent the fake Pete let me email.
Could be.
I guess he's trying to start some compelling radio.
Streaming sounds super.
This is Blackie.
Thank God the streaming sounds great today.
All right.
I just don't forget those streaming stats because those are the stats that mean something to me.
That you can actually track.
I mean it's scientific.
It's not just some random.
And let me see it again.
Did I say it on the earth?
I just tell you off here.
10% of the sample of this new panel that they've got from Arbitron.
10% of the sample is children from the ages of 6 to 12.
The total audience always used to be 12 plus.
But now we've got 6 to 12.
Do you know any advertisers who are gearing towards children 6 to 12?
I don't.
Or any advertising agencies unless they're selling like Flintstone vitamins or something.
I don't know.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
10% of the panel is kids 6 to 12 years old.
Nothing that's the first indication that the whole methodology is screwed up.
And they're getting sued by the way for my stations all over the country.
What we currently have.
I will guarantee you if our sports segments were suffering the same fate as we are midday
with invisible numbers on this new methodology.
I guarantee this company would be in court right now suing Arbitron's ass.
But they're not.
We currently have 386 people listening on the WQAM website.
Yeah.
And at 8am we had 111.
Wow.
To the highly weighted Joe Rochelle.
Yeah, and at 10am it was 233.
And now it's how many?
386.
Wow.
And usually the new hour is the biggest hour.
Well, keep out your eye on it.
Keep that graph.
Keep that chart.
When it outprinted out.
Viren fits.
Is Uncle Neel.
I miss George.
Where you about how he's going to find a gig in this market.
He's not a right wing nut bag with sports nerd.
Those seem to be the only two options in South Florida radio these days.
Well, he must have something going on because he's collecting sponsors, et cetera.
It sounded somewhat promising.
I hope I'm wrong and wish George the best of luck.
I will say one positive thing about flea.
Unlike George, who was either too cool or too used to your stick.
Flea actually laughs when you say something funny.
It's the goofiest amulet I've ever heard but it does add to your show.
So keep laughing, okay?
Okay, can try laughter coming.
Viren fits, likes it.
1056.
I just left a pregnant pause there.
Because I want to see if you might chuck a little bit.
You're like, but you didn't do it.
No.
Wow.
Sorry.
This is the Neologer Show.
Give him a buzz.
Fasted in your brain,
no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
A Silverェtor,
Safe indirectly.
structured in a video of some family that found the wrecker.
Pero si aliens!!!
Forgive me.
Old pastiOb咪 festi
sees us mad!
And who is this?!
Ning serious!
You call me!
IAct very crégre dishloud
The heart sounds aren't too much of the music anymore.
These songs are 40 years old.
But just in case, for now, this wind beer, nothing more
is enough to play with this glamium practice.
This to me is a one-cheek slate.
I think it's the best thing for anyone to fall in front of a microphone.
Like beer.
I didn't notice it before, but I found this particularly disturbing.
Oh, I'm aware that the sentence tells me it's just a fact about.
But what do you call it?
We must adhere to the imaginary guidelines brought down from the mountain by Yashimi.
I only notice how much standard this practice is acting.
Bleeding sports will be shot.
All right, 1102 at 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
But I've said it since we got these phones back.
They're pretty quiet.
And that's because it's a mess.
When you think it would be a little more active if those lines 1 through 7 would like, you know.
Yeah, I would assume so.
1, 877, 785, 877.
Yeah.
There's always that 77 in life no matter where you look.
1, 877, 785, 634, 5.
I can't remember that number.
But just look on our website above the poll and you'll see that number.
I'm not going to say suck Neil.
That's what that trans...
SUK, NEIL.
Who came up with that brilliant idea?
Actually, I think it was George.
Was that George's idea?
I think so.
That's what I was told.
Who told you that?
I think one of the engineers.
I see.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think that letter is from the cross street.
Like you said, from LeBotomy.
It's a LeBotomy over there.
Yeah, I got to work this morning.
Guy, I work with Listen to that sport-hole radio.
It's a little listen to.
And you have to mention to me that LeBotard went on a rant last night.
And it's most very short and just.
What he described me, it sounded like that letter.
About the hill, your old news, all that stuff.
You know what I mean?
So that's by word, came from across the street, actually.
Well, that makes it that much more meaningful.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Nobody, also.
Who likes Joe Rose's spot?
Did he write it himself?
Don't be knocking our spots here.
That's our bread and butter.
Don't knock anybody's spots.
That's a one area where we don't go.
You feel like you bought from the factory.
Those singing spots, they send me.
I can't tell you where they send me, but it's not far away.
It's right across the hall.
Right to the porcelain bus.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Not there.
That's at 8877 number two.
That's a shame.
Now, what happens when you punch up two and three?
And why don't they go away when I drop them out when I go to the next line?
I don't understand that.
They go on hold.
Something really strange going on.
Yeah.
I guess I have to just hit the drop key on this little box.
Brennan's is my dad got me into your show when he would drive me to school back when you were on Zeta.
I've been listening over the years as much as school and work would allow.
I have no complaints other than George getting a raw deal.
Says Brennan.
Thank God for you Brennan.
He has no complaints other than George getting a raw deal.
That's right.
George got screwed.
But then again, a lot of people begin to screw it here lately.
It's going around.
It's like a warehouse.
Everybody's getting screwed.
And tattooed.
So it's, I guess it's refreshing to know that PDLini didn't write that hateful of, you know.
No, he didn't write it.
How do you know that?
Because I'm talking to him.
And what do you say?
He's denying.
He's reading it right now for the first time.
He's like looking at it.
Does he see his name on top of it?
Yeah, he sees his name, but he didn't know what that email address is that it came from.
Good.
So this is probably some loser across the street or maybe fat boy or one of those guys, you know.
Yeah, it's not Peter.
One of those malcontents in the business who hates me like poison.
No, I know PD loves me like crazy.
Even though he does suck on here and don't ever put him on again.
Right.
And he said that he would never reference Steve Allen because he's not a hundred years old.
Oh, come on.
Now Steve Allen, and even you know who Steve Allen is, even you who never heard of Bill Cullen.
Does he know that you never heard of Bill Cullen?
Well, once I saw where he was.
I can't see you.
PD Lenny heard of Bill Cullen.
Yeah, once I saw who Bill Cullen was, that I recognized him.
I just didn't know my name.
You know, I think my, I think Johnny Dark was onto something.
Is PD Lenny still in there?
Yeah, he's here.
Now, have you got a guest mic?
Let's put him on the ear.
I don't have a guest mic, but he can use mine.
You don't have a guest mic?
No, not yet.
Good morning.
Good morning, PD Lenny.
Here.
Now can you imagine my thoughts when I see your name attached to a piece of Drek like that?
Yes, I love the females.
Pretty funny actually.
But I wish I could write this as well.
You know, the funniest, one of the funniest letters I ever got in my life.
You've, you, you, you, you made it up.
You accused me of that PD Lenny thing five years ago.
Remember?
No, this, this was about the fat-filled sandwiches.
Oh, that was great.
That was you.
Well, you were talking about it.
I have not written anything I've ever had to say to you.
I've had the, the, um, cajonase, you say in person.
And you know how much I adore you.
So I don't want to hear any crap in my name.
Yeah, I'm going to get my ass a little bit.
Okay, it's getting a little raw from all the, um, all the ripping it second lately.
Yeah, I hear you, man.
You know, with me too.
What do you think I'd do sitting here?
Now, let me just, let me pass it along to you since you are a salesperson,
even though you're over at power.
Just FYI.
Yeah.
That's 0.5 in week number three.
Now, did you hear me mention this on a year?
Um, that was the week that Flea and I were in limbo three of the five days.
So we really can't hang that around our neck.
Oh, she ratings went up from a zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, five.
That's good.
When you're not on, that's good.
Stay off more.
The range will go up.
I love that.
See what I tell you.
Wasn't this a good idea?
No, we had a 1.3 the previous week when we were here.
And then we went back down to a 0.5 the week that we weren't here most of the week.
Excellent.
You better start catching up on these.
I got a very good start.
Yeah, I work for power now.
So I'm OK.
Oh, that's right.
You guys are asking this latest, the bogus thing too.
Oh, there's over a million people who listen to us.
There's five stations with a million people listening.
That means that there's five million people in the market, which there are.
Well, the bad part of it is there aren't a million people who can hear QAM.
That's the bad part.
Now, how are you here in our signal?
Are you know, listen, I've got, I bought a new hamster and he's a much faster runner for my personal transmitter.
OK.
OK.
This was a bad idea.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Let's sit down comedy.
Well, I didn't say he'd be the one to bring in there to have on here.
Yeah.
Johnny Dark would be interesting moderately.
And then he could rip me for, oh, you're what you say about the bird, the way you treat the bird.
WQA M. Hello.
Where's all the white people?
Yeah, OK.
WQA M. Hello.
You're much better.
Oh, yes, sir.
Hey, you know, I'm OK.
I'm heading out of some Florida, going up the camera for a little while.
But, well, you know, I got a brother here.
He loves you.
He's never heard you before.
He's been out here for about four weeks.
We've been listening to you.
I was me religiously for, oh, since the day to days.
So, in other words, you have no complaints with the show, is that it?
No, never want only one small suggestion.
Yes.
Would you please watch the show?
Thank you for that.
No.
I have a great day, Kelly.
If I watch it, then what are these people going to talk about?
What are they going to bitch about?
Oh, you've got to watch that.
I mean, you know, it's something for them to say.
That idea, your idea of putting PD Lenny on there, that was not good.
Well, sorry.
He's doing sit-down comedy again.
He's always, that's the one thing I said to you this morning, and it's true.
He's always on.
Always.
Always.
Like Robin Williams.
He's always doing it same.
Always on.
Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
You know, he's always doing show-biz, stick.
But thank God that wasn't PD Lenny, that wrote that crap.
Although he did find it amusing.
And he denies writing those brilliant letters years ago that we used to have them up on the wall in the old studio.
You and those fat-filled sandwiches.
Oh, that was good.
Those were the days when we actually could have food brought in.
Oh, brother.
Ricardo, this is the fake gym defeatus.
He says, whatever happened to DFO, he's on the WIFF, I don't know.
He's also clinging desperately.
Google View and Camden Earrage's profile on Channel 10 was impressed with your prediction
of living somewhere else, but here.
Also Camden Earrage's WAMI show, and I didn't know your A30 show and T30 show had a one
share.
And yeah, that's right.
The people at WAMI really screwed you when you didn't like it.
Yeah, the people at WAMI just butchered that show.
First of all, what they put together was just a collection of the worst calls in history.
I kept telling them, don't put calls on that.
Oh no, they want calls on the show.
And of course, the calls in those days were just as assimilating as the ones we get now.
It's not better.
And then the audio, you couldn't hear it.
It was like, hey, it's the Neil Andrews show on WAMI.
You know, like that, you couldn't hear it from most of the half hour.
Guaranteed to fail.
That whole thing, that whole WAMI thing was such an abotion.
I got a really great letter from old Gary Deets.
This was a long time coming, Rogers, in your face, sir.
And he sent this about 400 times last night.
I had to keep deleting, deleting, deleting.
And then blocking, and like that, the blocking works like magic.
It's good.
Hunt on for a million dollar mattress.
Israeli woman got a new bed from mom didn't know savings was all one.
By the way, if I get any more emails from John Manelli, I will not read them and I will
not use them on here.
Okay.
Go away, John Manelli.
Go consult somebody who's paying you.
Okay.
I'm not paying you.
And I wouldn't pay you.
I never heard from Rich Shoggin after that one email.
I guess he got upset.
You think?
Maybe.
Maybe he took it the wrong way.
I sure, PD Lenny didn't take it the wrong way.
But I said, don't put him on it again because he's, every time he goes on, he's trying
to be funny.
You're not funny, PD.
You're funny looking leather pus, but you're not funny.
So who do you think I guess maybe LeBasterd, right?
Because he got a bug up his ass about me again.
Yeah.
I think I'll see.
Somebody's over there.
Very, very bad trait.
Jealousy.
Insane jealousy.
And this is a guy who had the highest numbers over there for a while.
Now he's down to what?
A two three or a two two?
He's, he's raving about the new or rating system and about how I'm done.
He's got a two two or something.
Yeah.
But he had a two two and I think Managed had a two oh.
Well that's like neck and neck.
No, I think Managed had a two two also.
You see him wear it?
He looked lovely.
Yeah.
He looked like a lady.
Ask Managed how he's doing as the ladies.
Oh, we better do the break because then I want to do this thing about hunt on for a million
dollar mattress.
Israeli woman got a new bed for mom didn't know that the savings was in the old mattress.
Not a good move, honey.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, God, Neil.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
I'm going to get a new bed.
There's Ryan Beere from the Roast Coach Band and Rockin' Music by Los Van Van.
I'll let you show your friends dance.
18, they're demands.
Hunter economy flag.
I placed them on his when they proudly played.
That Cuban's made by Yavin, but it is too big.
That's for me, Coilin' that sucks.
They know Coilily on part.
Oh, it's easy on part.
Oh, it's easy on part.
Oh, it's easy on part.
Oh, it's easy on part.
Oh, it's easy on part.
So the reason I played that, Ron from Miami,
just got on I-95 at Sunrise.
Now I hear Cass through an Iliant on the background.
Wow, together?
Together, yeah.
They're having lunch.
Does that do morning zoo?
Come on, I'll go be knocking the no morning zoo on Kizz.
So who's the PD over there?
Ken Bolson, he's really cool.
What it was that makes him so cool.
Is this a nice guy?
Oh, yeah.
Does he listen to us?
I don't think so.
He's the one.
They sure do across the street, man.
They're obsessed.
Are you eating on the air?
By the way, yeah, as I say.
What?
I was just saying, are you eating on the air?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Weenie.
I'm eating a weenie.
I guess one of those weenies that PD Lenny was talking about
in that fake email.
Well, I talk about delusional, whoever wrote that.
Delusional.
Anyway, Ben Schmidtall says, I'm almost done with this.
Okay.
I was listening the afternoon they showed at one point
flea was eating on the air.
What is this?
Not only is it rude toward the listeners,
but it's also dangerous.
You can't eat and talk at the same time.
The FCC has these rules in place for a reason.
The FCC says you can't eat and talk at the same time.
Did you know that?
That wasn't in my training course.
No, I'd say that this is an educational show.
I'm learning every day.
Feeding and talking at the same time is gross and just playing dangerous.
Food can go down the wrong pipe and kill you instantly.
As to you, Neil, enough with the drinking water on here.
I don't drink water.
I'm surprised you haven't shattered your trick here
with the hard delps of water you take.
I'm going to leave you now because I know that you're a busy man.
This is Ben Schmigo.
I was really a John ZTR.
It would be a surprise if John ZTR wrote that piece.
Anything.
Could be.
And I never really drink on the air.
I drink my diasota.
Oh.
I'm drinking Coke Zero now.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
That was a compelling swallow.
Oh, followed by a compelling burp.
Yeah, how come we can belch on here?
We can't fart.
Well, aren't they both excretory activities?
Anyway, the fake Ernie Sochin says,
oh, let's take this lonely call.
QAM, hello.
It'll be short.
And it was.
Yeah.
See, I really don't care.
I mean, the calls if they're there, if they have something to say that's fine.
And if not, that's okay, too.
I mean, if the phone system worked, it would be a different story, but it doesn't.
Oh, there he goes again.
Ripping our poor engineering staff.
Our thin skined engineers.
Oh, they're all upset.
They're working like crazy.
Well, I think that power all finished up.
Wouldn't you think that they could address some time to this phone situation?
I think they will be.
When?
Soon.
I mean, I'm on vacation next week.
Before I go on vacation, I'd like to have at least one show tomorrow or Friday when I would
come in in the whole phone bank would work in or right like it's supposed to.
I know.
Long pregnant pause.
Oh, you're expecting too much.
You're complaining too much.
Ernie says I've had enough of the Shawshank redemption obsession with your audience.
It's a tremendous movie, but Jesus enough already Tim Robbins escapes by digging a tunnel
through the wall, which was hidden first by a poster of Rita Hayworth and then by a poster
of Rackl Welch.
He escapes to Mexico.
The warden blows his brains out.
The evil prison guard gets arrested and Morgan Freeman gets paroled and goes to Mexico
to join Tim Robbins in a big old.
I can't read the word.
Tim Robbins didn't kill his wife and plays Mozart for the prisoners.
You know what?
Now that I think about it, this movie sucked.
Anyway, now you know what happened.
You never have to watch it.
All the Shawshank stalkers in your audience can go jump off the MacArthur Causeway or maybe
use the Judah Tuttle instead.
This sounds like the bridge sender.
Yeah.
Oh, hell now that you're no longer on 79th Street, let him jump off the JFK now or the broad
Causeway giving you that mother bleeping structure, some use.
Shawshank sucks your collar suck your email or suck.
Please sucks George sucks, but you rule them always will.
Says the baker any so to.
Oh, right.
Maybe it's the real one, but I doubt it.
Nobody Q.A.M.
Hello.
How are you?
How are you?
Okay, sir.
How you doing?
Good.
I went out and tried the Hogan dog vanilla waffle cone ice cream.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Told you.
My wife says do not bring it back into house.
Okay.
And good hockey game last night.
Yeah enough with the hockey, okay, sir?
Come on.
If I don't have hockey, I mean, I'm done down the South Florida.
Come on.
I mean, I'll watch any hockey games out here.
Okay.
Good luck to the penguins.
Good luck to the penguins.
They're not the Red Wings.
That's the only reason I want the penguins to win this because they are not the Red
Wings.
Where the hell is my hockey on here?
We got to get some hockey on its compelling.
You know, that business about what you've done in the last 60 seconds.
I mean, in the last two, three weeks since all this crap has been flying around, it's
just astonishing to me that the ramblings of crazy people I'm here in, crazy people.
You don't think?
Oh, yeah, crazy.
It's not what you've done in the last 30 years that counts so much.
It's what you've done in the last 60 seconds.
Compelling.
You're compelling like talking about LeBron and Kobe.
And it leaves the stick of Kyle Rogers because right off the stick of Brett Skinner into the
netting up above and we've got a face off to the right of Andre Coblin.
Heads drive for the point.
Those officers had back on knocked away.
Don't you want to hear the Marley's a little bit?
Sure.
We love the Marley's.
Yeah, I don't really care.
Oh, God.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the wireless and the AT&T wireless line and that toll free
line.
Did you find out where that works?
No, not yet.
Maybe we'll find out sometime before the end of the year if we're still here.
Maybe.
Well, you'll be here because you're looking forward to working with Sid is what I'm
hearing.
That ain't happening.
Yeah, there was another long torture to think from across the street.
If you would listen to us, yeah, I'm not listening to you and I delete them right away.
They must have somebody assigned to a full time job over there of hassling me with crap
email.
Sure has a major impact on me, not WQA M.
Hello.
I'm a daddy now.
You're an idiot.
WQA M.
Hello.
Hey, no.
Yes, sir.
The local law law was bustling with tall, uneducated, violent, knee-grows.
That was a QAM.
Hello.
That's him on those dogs at a shelter with the owner.
They'll three years on it.
He's a shot.
Call it out.
It's one of the standard things that I've seen.
I'm curious.
Is that the soul or is that Jared?
Is that what you're in being and they have like this home of like what was that?
What is that?
I don't know.
I was trying to figure it out.
I couldn't tell.
I think it might have been some kind of a transaction QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I know you used to be into my space.
How about a Twittering or Facebook?
Is that your thing?
No, not interested.
Why?
Because I thought experience was my space.
You know, it's crap.
All right.
But we want to hear more of you, especially in the summer.
You're okay about that.
Okay.
I'll see you.
No, not interested in Twitter and Facebook.
I'm not even interested in my space anymore.
Nobody is.
No.
Well, that's obvious.
I got 1600 and some odd friends.
I got one, one, which I just got a long email from moments ago.
And that's it.
Well, your friends, where your friends?
Yes, sure you are.
It's fun for a while.
You know, it's like a, I don't know what you call it.
Yeah.
I haven't been to my space space in probably two months.
I'll need to do most other people.
Now everybody's on Facebook.
Yeah.
I don't really have any compelling need.
Oh, there's that word again.
Two communicate with people I don't know.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah.
And all these people who are so involved with you and all of a sudden, they think you have
a crap less about you is what I've discovered.
I'm just tapping out a, I know it's not compelling.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
See the thing about me, I told you this a long time ago and I'll say it again.
I am a survivor.
I'm persistent.
If nothing else, I'm persistent.
I keep showing up here.
You notice every morning, police supposed to be here.
I'm here.
You are?
Right and early.
I was here 830 in the studio this morning.
Wondering where the hell is Flea already?
Now you show up around 9 and that's fine because you're in the building early.
Yeah.
And whenever you're waddled in there and faxed me the crap, the log and the stuff, that's
fine.
But I'm here.
I show up every day that I'm supposed to.
Oh, if you cared about the show, you'd work extra the summertime.
Get him some help.
Would you please?
Get him some therapy.
He needs some help.
He needs some help.
This is CNN.
General Motors followed Christler to chapter 11 this morning.
President Obama notes what I have no interest in doing is to get GM back on his feet.
And I want to remind everyone that if you are considering my AGM card during this period
of restructuring, you have to be careful.
In short, our goal is to get enormous damage to our economy.
And an immediate collapse in consumer confidence that would send car sales over a cliff.
In fact, if all goes according to plan, it will take a painful toll on many Americans.
That blows.
1133, a lot of things blow 27 to noon at 560 WQ AM.
The fake time jicke says I would be open to coming on the show.
It's been a long time.
How about the real time jicke, which this is not the one?
No.
Isn't that something when fake e-mailers invite themselves on the show?
It says what about having Stan in as well?
We can relive the old days when radio was fun.
Radio was never fun when Stan was on here.
Believe you me, it was always painful.
But nevertheless, all these people know do you know who Stan Major is?
Yeah.
You do know who he is.
Not personally.
No, I don't mean that.
But I mean, do you know are you aware of his broadcasting background, etc.?
Yeah, a little bit.
Would you be interested in having him on the show? Do you think that would be compelling?
No, not really.
I'll tell you how many people in the audience remember who Stan Major was?
Yeah.
Maybe.
I did get an e-mail a few minutes ago from someone asking if you would like to get Doug Flutey on the air today or tomorrow?
No.
And what will we, you want to reminisce about that BC touchdown pass against the Keens?
Oh, sure.
Oh my god.
Over and over.
And of course, he did play here in Canada, Doug Flutey, didn't he?
Yeah.
Very long time.
Who did he play for the Argos?
I don't pay any attention to the CFL crap.
It is the worst garbage Canadian football.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Well, how long does it feel like 600 yards, something like that?
Something like that.
And it's what, a gray cup, I think it's called or something?
Yeah, the gay cup.
Gay.
And they only have three downs.
The first down, second down, third down, and huge downs.
Sam in Boston says, I know it's better than the Senate.
I know better than the Senate link.
That's right.
I don't do links.
So instead, I'm suggesting you do a search or have flea do it for the story about the dozens of cats being fun,
mutilated in the Southern Dead County.
Is if we haven't talked about that already, sarcastic, Sam, you better get with it, baby.
You're way behind the times.
Somebody is going around bashing cats, skulls in and removing the skin from their hind legs.
And say, sure, there's more weight than, more than one way to skin a cat.
But I think this means that there's a new outdoor cafe, San Thorea.
Cafe to Rio, San Thorea and Palma, and Obey.
Sam in Boston.
Doug Flutey played for three CFL teams.
How much he played for the Argos?
He did, Toronto Argonauts from 1996 and 97.
British Columbia Lions and the Calgary Stamp Peaters.
Oh, the Stamp Peaters.
All right.
Woohoo.
Let's go to Calgary with all of them Rednecks.
See, I've actually, there aren't too many people aware that there's Rednecks in Canada like in Alberta.
That's Redneck Country.
I've been there.
You have?
I've been to Alberta, yeah.
For what?
I was staying with some friends in Montana and we drove up to visit this like little ski town.
And I was about it.
It was not very exciting.
Alberta, it's one place I have no interest in going.
I do love a Vancouver though, man.
I do love Vancouver.
Vancouver's awesome.
Yeah.
You've been there?
Yeah.
In fact, if I was to like win the lotto tonight, tonight is 15 million.
Nice.
Canadian.
If I was to win the lotto tonight, I'd probably head for a Vancouver.
I sure as hell wouldn't head for down there.
Oh, if you cared about the show, you'd come out down here during the summer and do some of those shows here.
Get in touch with a South Florida lifestyle.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, touch this.
Get in touch with a South Florida lifestyle.
How do you like that?
I think that man needs some, I still think he needs to be Baker acted.
He talks like he's delusional lately.
Now let me say it again.
The point five from the third week in May was not ours.
We won't take, we'll take the blame for any of the other stuff.
We won't take the blame for that.
That was 60% three-fifths of the week was DA, who's specialty, of course, back in the old ratings was 0.0.
And whoever was on with them, who else was on with them?
For two days, it was Adam Cooperstein.
That was Wednesday and Friday.
And Thursday was John Linder.
Adam Cooperstein could be the worst sounding person I've ever heard on here in my life.
And he's on television?
Yeah, he's on NBC with Joe Rose.
Oh, my Adam Cooperstein?
Oh, point.
Oh, oh.
But at any rate.
And of course, with a signal thing of the way it is now, we can always have an excuse.
Okay, now that we got this panel in place, we're 10% of them are like six to 10 year old kids.
Come up with all kinds of, let's have the excuse list of the week.
Oh, the Canadian Looney is 90 cents.
It's not so bad.
It was up to 92 and I was starting to get really panicky, really nervous.
The fake podcast, Renovus says, by the way, you got your buddy of what's his name Steve over there, a cheap channel?
Yeah.
Who does he say is sending these emails?
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know, but it's not Johnny Dolan because he hasn't worked there in years, you said?
Correct.
Of course, it could be Johnny Dolan sending him from home, you know?
That's true.
Maybe he's not working anywhere, which in his case would be appropriate.
Johnny Dolan, hey everybody, it's Johnny Dolan on the radio.
Wow.
Paul says, forget the naysayers and haters, you're still our queen and the best radio soft photos ever seen.
I like the guest idea, bring back, ask the program director.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, they used to have a segment when Andrew Asson and Woods with the PD.
I think it was on Hank's show.
And they used to bring him in, I like kind of Wednesday afternoon for an hour, ask the program director.
Wow, could you imagine your listeners?
Can you imagine now, grilling clearance?
Wow.
I say we do it.
He's not going to do that?
No.
Boy, what, once he coming back from that extended honeymoon?
Actually, I think he's back in town today, but he doesn't come back to work until Monday.
Oh.
Wow, that sounds like real slack into me.
And you gave me a bunch of crap last Friday that I could have closed anytime I wanted.
I still, I still can't get over that.
I'm not going to hold it against you, but it just, it was just bad in bad form to say that.
Sorry about that.
Because it's like sucking up to management that's pretending, oh well April, he was out sick for 12 days.
Well, whatever, I was sick.
I had the, the flu, not the shrinehood flu, but I had the regular flu.
And crap happens.
You know, people do get sick.
And people go on jury duty for two weeks at a time too.
I don't hear management carrying on about that.
Oh yeah, but Joe's got a three, four and that, blah, blah, blah.
Oh yeah, okay.
What about all the other years when some of these guys during any old diary days, when some of these guys were doing like ones and a two,
they were doing Lawrence walk numbers, you know, a one or two, not two off on a three.
Well, I think starting Monday, Joe Rose is out for two weeks on vacation.
Yeah.
Don't say he's out for two weeks.
That sounds bad.
So I like, you know, he's on vacation for two weeks.
Yeah.
He's got a reman for four football season.
Yeah.
Well, that's two weeks to the time.
See, I couldn't do that because after next week, then I go into summer schedule anyway.
Well, if you really cared about the show, you'd forego that summer schedule you'd work.
And like I said yesterday, he doesn't say how much more.
You know, like maybe Wednesdays, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday or like all week or whatever.
He doesn't even, he doesn't bother saying how much more because he knows it ain't going to happen anyway.
Oh, me, you.
Stand major.
Now a Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Well, then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella.
What he was doing is your, I don't want to come back.
I just told you that.
But well, then who do you want?
I do.
Who do you want?
You want Alan first?
I'll put that.
I think you want Joey Reynolds.
So what?
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence.
Is that all we have to do?
Who do you give me a name?
But is that all we have to do?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I did.
Here the next Stand Major Show.
This afternoon at 2 on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of weeks ago you were away and I was listening to the kids and they had something on that I owed the USA.
It was a documentary.
Can you get that in the library?
I tried to and I didn't have any luck.
I'll do it in the library.
It was a documentary.
It's called IOUSA.
Yeah.
Oh.
And where do you get that?
Can you get that anywhere?
You can get it at a video rental place.
Or if you have Netflix, you can get it on Netflix.
Oh, okay.
It's a DVD.
So you have to rent it somewhere.
I see.
Yes, stick the DVD in your DVDs and have a good time with it, sir.
Anyway, I never...
Oh, the reason I play that Stand Major thing.
Casey says I'm sure I'm in the minority but I would love to hear Stand on the show.
It's been forever since I heard anyone talk about Milky Way dark bars on the radio.
I'd like to see what Stand thinks about to take five bar.
What does that mean?
That's a new candy bar.
Well, it's not that new.
There's a new candy bar?
God, I don't want to hear about it.
Yeah, it's not that new.
I don't want to hear about it.
A couple of years.
Before I get to take her park, she's really a...
...poed.
She says she's a pissed off polock.
Hmm.
Gary Deats, this old cout.
Um...
I don't think you know who I'm talking about.
He's an old codger that every time I would take calls back in the day, in the last couple of years.
Hey, Rogers, how come I...
Always sounding the same, saying the same crap.
But always listening.
Hmm.
And last night, at 11.28 p.m. no less, he's sending this over and over and over.
Once would have been more than enough, okay?
I had to delete about 50 of these, then block him.
Gary Deats, subject.
This was a long time coming, Rogers.
Ha-ha-ha, in your face, sir.
Sir, we've been acquainted for many years.
No, we haven't.
I have no idea who you are.
We've been acquainted.
I've called you many times to express my feelings about your show.
Only to be ridiculed and told to take a dirt nap on each occasion.
I don't tell people to take a dirt nap.
That's not my line, okay?
A lot of other people use that line.
I don't use it.
You even accused me of being the bridge tenderer's brother.
You always think I don't get it that you're making fun of me, but I'm not stupid like you.
Well, now the shoe was on the other foot, Rogers, and I sit back and trade a great solace in knowing
that George Rodriguez is no longer employed and is wondering just how he'll provide food for his family now.
He's lived in sin for far longer than he should have been ever permitted to.
Now he's lying in the bed he made for himself.
You will also reap what you have so in, sir.
I'll bet my bottom dollar that you'll be unemployed and starving within a year, sir.
Although this must be, or what's his name?
Mario from Hylia, crazy person. This is not the old codger.
Yeah, too many serrs.
All you have will be lost and you can thank your sin for that, my friend.
It happens to everyone who chooses to say the things that people such as Georgian yourself choose to say.
Just ask George Carlin.
I would, but he's dead.
Your time is coming, sir.
And I will be here waiting and ready to uncoork the champagne.
I email and have correspondence with Joe Bell, your boss, nearly every day, sir.
And I've already alerted the FCC as to what type of show you do.
Your days are numbered, Rogers. I've already set the wheels in motion.
George was just the beginning of you, sinning fool.
Go on and pretend this email doesn't bother you.
But you know it makes you feel terrible tremble with fear and anxiety.
Oh, yeah.
Can you hear me trembling?
It's over, Rogers. And we know it. And you know it.
George had a serve as an example, but you continue to speed your hate and ignorance over the airwaves
like the stupid poop eating moron that you are.
God will have his vengeance and so will I, sir.
That's right, Rogers. I've told the FCC all about you.
And yes, Rogers, I've been emailing your boss Joe Bell for quite some time.
It's over, Rogers. Your ship has sailed. A sea of poop has beneath you, sir.
Jump in with your mouth wide open, you dumb bastard.
I've had it up to here with you. You're finished in this business.
Gary Geetz.
Wow. A little fixated with the duty.
No, yeah. A lot of a poop.
By the way, he says is a little PS on here. My birthday is Friday.
I think nothing would be a better present than to turn the radio on
and hear that you've finally been fired. You will lay in the bed. You may just like George.
You're in bed with a devil. I'm in bed with Jesus.
Time to switch beds. You moron. I'm only 14 years older than you.
So how can you? How can I be so much wiser? I hate you. It says.
I hate you. And he's in bed with Jesus, which is a little creepy.
Yeah. I wonder what they're doing. Maybe they're doing the old pooper scoop.
I don't know. How's the pool coming before getting to take her parks?
Oh, yeah. Fire it up email.
594. 594. Not too bad. Not too shabby considering 595. I got it.
What would happen if George and Neil were on different stations at the same time?
I'd listen to Neil 294. I'd switch back and forth depending on my mood. 146.
Who cares as long as George makes his 75 grand and 79 votes? It would be stupid 43.
I'd listen to George 23. It would make for fun rating book days 10.
Yeah, but we don't want to talk about those ratings too long.
Nobody cares about that. Neil nobody cares. It's not compelling.
It's not nearly as compelling as talking about guys and how big their thighs are.
You know what the NFL combined? Who's got the biggest thighs?
News got the biggest. Yeah.
Boy, the stuff that these people feel is compelling.
It's kind of scary to me. WQ.Y.M. Hello.
23. I'm going to yell. Yes, sir.
Good day, sir.
My grandma taught me not to hate. She was a relevant position.
She said I could only meet two people.
And now it would be the devil and Fidel Castro.
She's passed now, but I'd like to add a third person on to that list.
That's your bell.
I've been a long fan of yours.
I've been a big fan of yours and he's destroying the station.
If you mean that the New York lover, what's his name?
If he comes down, I will never listen to QAM.
I have not listened to the presentation across the street ever since they put that guy on there.
And I will do the same to QAM and Joe Bell, you suck.
Thank you.
Okay. Thanks.
Now, I'm going to say, Ramon Graham, I said Castro on the devil.
Well, he added Joe Bell.
What? He added Joe Bell.
He added to the grandma. Graham is rolling over in a grave.
Oh, yeah.
Don't hate like they last e-mailer. I hate you.
Waaah!
You can feel the hatred bouncing off the pages.
Like I said, I'm still here. I have no, I'm not going anywhere.
And no offense, but if I had to choose a bedmate, I think I'd take the devil over Jesus anyways.
It sounds more fun.
Sounds a little bit gay to me.
All of the devil's got the pitchfork in that long tail.
God only knows what he could do with that pitchfork.
You know what I'm thinking?
Brackdom.
In your case?
Well, I have to ask David Carraday.
Oh. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, you hit it on the head a couple weeks ago that, you know, South Florida would be a great place if there's, if there was a people transplant.
Right.
Get rid of a lot of these tricyaters.
Because I mean, there's a lot of good things down here.
I mean, the restaurants are great.
The local music scene is terrific.
In fact, better than the national recycled national act that they bring in here at these overpriced venues.
And I don't know if you agree with this, I'm what I'm saying.
But the only bad thing I don't like, if you're not doing some activity down here, you just end up, you've got, you just end up ricocheting from strip mall to strip mall down here.
I mean, it's really, there's nowhere to go sometimes.
That's one of the bad things.
But I just want to give my input and I'll be moving the Montana soon, Neil.
Let me take a good look at the paling.
All right.
So, yeah.
He's moving to Montana.
Wow.
That's a big change.
I almost took a job in Shelby, Montana many years ago.
You ever been in Shelby, Montana?
No, I've been to big work.
You've been aware?
Big fork, Montana?
Oh, excuse me.
I thought you said something else.
No.
I, Montana is just, I don't know.
To me, it was like Nashville, I'm only worse.
People with orange hair and purple eyes and cartoon character kind of people.
Now, real people.
Strange.
They had a show on a your local radio station called TTOT.
This, that, and the other thing.
Now, is that compelling or what?
TTOT.
Okay.
Maybe you ought to start doing segments.
Maybe you ought to talk to your buddy of toast.
Oh, yeah.
And he can teach us how to do that square table, you know, and that gay or not gay.
Yeah.
All those other, nifty things that he had on the Kenny and Blow morning show.
Yeah, that's what we can borrow.
Toast.
All these punks that have been knocking around all these glorified board ops who have been knocking around a radio in the market for 10, 15, 20 years.
And their mavens, their geniuses.
Oh, yeah.
Let's do this.
Let's bring it over from across the street.
What show did they do that on across the street?
It was Toast and Bransick and they did five to seven a.m. I believe.
Toast and Bransick, what is that?
That was the show.
It was Toast and Steve Bransick together on the.
Oh, that's a nice Steve Bransick from Keep Channel now.
Yeah, he's funny though.
Oh.
And Toast?
Not so funny.
Yeah.
Now, how did that work out?
How did that show go?
Well, they fired Toast for some reason. They kept Steve on for a little while and then eventually got rid of Steve too.
And then Steve went over to work with Paul and Ron.
Oh, Paul and Ron were the 88 share in the new ratings man.
Now, when somebody says to me that people who are doing well in the new rating system are doing compelling radio at that point, I don't know whether to laugh or just a P40 gallons in my drawers, you know.
I mean, when Paul Castanova and Ron Brewer started doing compelling radio, somebody sent me a bulletin, okay?
Somebody put it on CNN MSNBC Fox News, CBC News.
God.
I mean, do you even believe that?
I think the system is flawed.
No.
I don't start with that again.
It sounds like sour grapes.
Oh, sorry.
And it'll get in big trouble with you.
You know who?
That's true.
I think he's the only person in management who believes in it.
Even Cheap Channel, which they're doing well on most of their stations, which they, you know, remember that email we had a few days ago?
Yeah.
We've got the panel in our pocket.
I'm beginning to wonder about that.
How that works because Cheap Channel put up $161 million for the with arbitrage for that whole thing that new system.
Wow.
Are you aware of that?
That's a lot of cash.
Yeah.
So maybe they expect something in return like, you know, we're going to go out and find people listen to all your stations and give them the devices, you know?
I think somebody in this business ought to have a device hooked up to his.
Raccoon.
Maybe John Maynillie.
It's just astonishing that people that you never heard from.
I've been doing this for a hundred years.
I never heard of these people.
I never heard from them.
And I all of a sudden daily.
Oh, well, I just wanted to give you my thoughts on yesterday's show.
And I want.
I don't want your thoughts.
Okay.
When you get hooked up to a meter, John Maynillie, then you let me know.
600 8 votes on the pull.
What would happen if George, I just read this a minute ago tonight.
So you're not being compelling to read it again.
So I didn't.
And just sitting around the house with not much to do.
I got new rogers on the radio and.
Hey, what do you know there?
It said a, what do you call it there?
12 to one hour.
What do you do?
What do you do?
I'm producing comedy bits that won't get on the air.
Cutting edge would be too funny, huh?
Won't hear cutting edge no more.
They're too scared.
Ain't nobody been in contact with you about what's going on about anything?
Not anymore.
Not a peep.
And what do you do?
I just keep chaining out with vases to be comedy these days.
Take a current hit karaoke, just change a lyrics with a couple of very safe ways.
Like it's cold outside.
So as you say, hey, it's cold outside.
Or if it's hot outside, then you say, wow, it's really hot outside.
Funny, huh?
No.
Well, you can always mix random audio drops over that old pub run-dougar in Soong-ge.
Bang the drum.
Yeah, bang this.
So that's it?
Yeah, pretty much outside of taking a daily headline and repeating it over and over and over again.
Or you can just write lots of liberating names, desperately straining for a last.
Now, cut the heel and scrambum.
Bravo one at 560 WQAM.
Rudy says toast also works in the fallen Ron show and is the right wing nut.
Really?
Is that true?
Well, I knew he worked on the show.
I didn't know he was the right wing nut, though.
Well, that's what Rudy says.
Well, he's kind of poor to be a right wing nut.
What do you mean by that?
It doesn't make very much money.
Because I have an idea of what he would make over there.
How much?
60?
50?
60 grand for that?
Maybe?
For him?
They have a weird deal over there because fallen Ron have their own deals, so they actually pay the people that work for them.
They don't work for clear-chain, they work for fallen Ron.
Really?
Yeah.
So I guess they couldn't pull the rug out from underneath them like they did with George here?
Right.
If you would have just paid George's salary, he could still be there and he wouldn't be out on the beach.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
Right.
Like you said yesterday, I don't see any checks coming in from all these people talking about how I should write him a check and do this net and buy him a car and et cetera.
Time and Rats is, I find it amusing that Levitard was ripping you yesterday.
He's always giving Hawkman all the credit for being the brains beyond the show and the engineer, the engine that drives it.
Hawkman is obviously a huge fan of yours, yes he is, and probably learned a great deal of how to do a successful show by listening to you.
The most important lesson being that a straight sport show is lame and tired in a convoluted way when Levitard rips your show, he's ripping his own.
You follow that logic?
Yes.
Yeah, Mark Hawk.
He's probably listening right now taking notes.
Oh, we tried to tell you over here. You need to do this, you need to do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, like they got a big story and he's last in the last week.
Not that we want to go through those weekly numbers again because Charlie Joel will get really, really upset.
You know how easily he gets upset.
Mm-hmm.
He's got a problem.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Jingles, that's what we needed some Jingles.
Maybe that's a John Maynelli calling in from New York.
It was on the out of town line.
For these phones are just there, there are nightmares what they are.
Would you like P on somebody's leg or something after the show, somebody engineering, just P on their leg?
Okay.
And say, we would like to get these phones all functioning sometime before the end of the year.
Sometime before next circus.
My God.
Did you say we, we, we?
Yeah, we, we, we.
Well, it works for Joe.
He's got those big numbers there.
It must be compelling.
Yeah.
Let me see if I can find it.
Oh, here it is, right here.
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, yeah.
It works for Joe.
Maybe we can get stormy as a guest.
WQA M. Hello.
QA M. Hello.
Hola.
WQA M. Hello.
I'm really truly.
Oh, it's the singer.
Oh, the singer.
Wow.
Slowly but surely they're all finding their way back on there.
You know, yesterday we had the, uh, Yovon guy.
And who is the other one?
And then the quarter-shot guy?
They're, they're all finding their way back on.
Slowly but surely.
And why is that line one on a whole?
Why does that keep going back on a whole Q.A.M.?
Over at it all right.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, it's Sammy Nellie again in New York with the W.A.M.
WBC Jingleys.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
WABC.
Yeah, we got our own Jingleys, okay?
My God.
What is wrong with that man?
WABC.
That's a villain from New York.
To everywhere around.
He's still alive, right?
Chevy checker?
Oh, I'll find out.
Personally, I prefer the Motown ones.
CKW Motown Sun.
From 77W ABC.
Go.
Go.
Go.
I'm gonna tell you one here in our WABC Jingles
on the 10 Cow Pile Show Crossed Street.
And now what the guy's name is, 10 Cow Pile?
Yeah.
So Chevy checker's still alive?
I will tell you in 10 seconds.
He is 67 years old.
Wow.
Just a hair older than me.
His real name Ernest Evans.
Yeah.
Not so Chevy anymore.
Oh, so his real name wasn't Chevy checker, huh?
Remember in Fatsow, he went to that fat clinic,
Chevy checkers?
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
And what did Junior eat that one meal?
Kale for me, Kale and Chicken for me,
and something for you.
I forget what it was for Junior.
Remember that famous meal?
Yeah.
Kale.
Oh, well that's probably right up your alley
being the vegetarian freak that you are.
Sure, I'll do some kale.
You will?
Mm-hmm.
Crappy.
Not my favorite.
Takeer says, good morning, Neil.
I'm pissed off and fired up.
I found Joe Bell's email to you yesterday
to be incredibly offensive.
You're not the only one.
I've had some people or comment to me
that they can't believe that the general,
that a sane general manager of any kind of a business
would send that kind of an email to anybody who works for him?
But nevertheless, it says,
what is Joe Bell's definition of concise and compelling?
I enjoy watching Law and Order and Find That Show
to be extremely compelling,
does he want you to start discussing criminal acts
on the local national and international level?
Maybe you can talk about the Van Lodov suspected legal immigrants
that erect an Arizona and kill 10 people,
or maybe concise and compelling as a catchphrase
for sports like Shaq.
They're here on the back of my next stood up
when he brought you up after show meetings
to discuss the new rating system and show content.
The last thing any of us need is your show
being micro-managed and analyzed second by second.
She's got that term right down to a science.
Micro-manage, that's what he wants to do.
He wants to micro-manage the show.
Prior to George's firing, I got the impression
that Joe Bell was very selected
and what feedback is provided by listeners.
If 99 people said the show was great,
he'd obsessed over the one that was derogatory.
Do you know that when he first came to the station,
this might come as a shock even to you?
That if he got like a negative email,
it was obviously like a crank, you know,
somebody who just busted my balls.
He would share it with me. He would send it to me in George.
Wow.
Oh, I had this complaint today.
You said something about Israel, and he would send it to me.
And I finally told him,
you really don't need to share it with me every chronic complaint
or, you know, I really don't need to be seen it.
Anyway, she says, I personally enjoy the discussions
of the weekly arbitrarian ratings and crimes
against radio perpetrated by Joe Bell and Joyce.
I'm offended that Joe Bell would even think that he knows
what the listeners want to hear.
I don't like being pushed around as to the type of entertainment
I have access to.
If I want to listen to music,
I'll listen to a music stationery show.
If I want to listen to something that will keep me from driving
into a bridge, a bump, I'll listen to the Arider Show.
If I want to drive off the Santa Monica Pier and the Pacific Ocean,
I'll listen to the other 20 hours of program on QAM
where unintelligible sports holes talk about how they like to week-paced.
Your complaints about Joe, Joyce, the engineers, etc.
are compelling.
It's a heck of a lot better than the drivel that I hear in other stations
where everyone is wearing rose-cloth-colored glasses.
It sounds like some people need to develop thicker skins.
I hear similar statements from people who are tied to being pushed around.
As for giving up summer all of your time for the sake of the show,
maybe Charlie Joe should get bent.
This email is long enough so I'll shut up for now.
Have a nice day.
Take her park.
Out on the West Coast.
She listens in California.
Oh, good.
It's 12.09.
Can you take a look and see what those new numbers are?
Let's have our own numbers.
Tell you what those damn arbitraron numbers.
People listening online right now on QAM.com.
Yeah, give me one second to get into that.
And there are...
426 listeners online right now.
And there were how many to eight o'clock this morning?
101?
Eight o'clock.
Keeps bouncing around.
111.
And we got one now.
426.
Okay, make a note of that.
In fact, I'm going to write it down now.
Noon, 426.
And then it's 4pm.
Let's see what it is.
Okay.
Oh, that doesn't mean anything.
That's just a number on a page somewhere.
That's...
Yeah, okay.
Well, at 4pm yesterday it was at 1.46.
Wow.
That really is weak.
Wouldn't you think that the number of people listening online
is in some way connected with the number of people
listening in general?
We have 423 on my website right now.
423.
When you think that there's some connection there,
you would think between people who are making an effort to listen online
and those people who might just turn on the radio
who can actually hear it, which that's pretty limited.
Michael says, when Fliwi was hosting the show,
he said he was going up to Toronto in a few weeks.
You should take him out and show him the town.
Maybe go to Woodbuy and take him up to the space needle.
The space needle is not here, okay?
Mike, sorry.
The space needle, that's the addle.
Yeah.
He's talking about the CN Tower.
Okay.
Which is the tallest freestanding building in the world,
I do believe.
I could be wrong, but I think I'm right.
And Toget's downwind that one in Dubai.
I think Dubai is going to have this one that reaches this one.
Well, screw those ragheads in Dubai.
Okay.
Screw them and I'll their oil money.
Those damn Saudis.
And those Dubaians, whatever they're...
What do you call people in Dubai besides ragheads?
I think that's it.
God.
All the race horses there, all these Arab sheiks with all their ziggins and dollars
that they're bleeding from the public all over the world.
Just bleeding it out.
When it out, bleed it out.
Nice that we got that new fax machine number now.
That's good.
So I can send you important things like that fake PD Lenny email.
That was good.
And it's nice that gas is almost three bucks a gallon here now.
I'll put the record on.
Thanks again, Mr. President.
For going over there and shaking the thing with the Saudis.
See, that's one thing that doesn't make any difference
with the president is.
Because the Saudis have the world by the balls.
Just like Pentechewski predicted in network.
Remember that?
I want the Saudi deal.
Stop now.
Remember that?
Yeah.
You look back at that moving.
All the things that have come true.
It's pretty scary.
He was like the Jewels' Vern of his time.
He was like the HG Wells of the media.
1984.
1984?
82.
81?
1982.
What?
What was the book?
It was 82, right?
84.
Network?
No.
The other book that was net wells that wrote 1980, 1984.
No.
George Orwell.
Thank you.
I don't know why I was drawing a blank on that.
But that's another one where a lot of stuff has come true.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
My grossentile is going to be calling in the next hour.
You made a mistake.
HG Wells in 1984 was as stiff and dead as a board.
I bet.
Google HG Wells, who a year he died.
He was like, it goes back to the previous century for a crime I allowed.
He probably died in the 30s or 40s, HG Wells.
Let's find out.
Yeah.
He died in 1946.
46, see what I'm saying?
He was 79 when he died.
What did I say?
He probably died in the 30s or 40s.
Didn't I just say that only moments ago?
Yeah.
She wants to do it a great while.
If you throw enough crap up in the year, some of it will come down and stick.
And that's what we do on this show every day.
So a lot of crap up in here.
And sometimes it comes down and sticks.
And it's really compelling.
Yeah.
Patty Chasky was way ahead of his time.
He was brilliant.
And today's being Wednesday.
Already people are looking ahead to the weekend.
If you've got nothing to do this weekend, you want to watch a movie?
Get on your Netflix.
Okay.
Or go to your video store and rent a network.
I was mad at you.
I was looking at you.
You were mad at me.
Am I right?
Yeah.
It's a great movie.
If you haven't seen that movie, you don't know what life is all about.
Yeah.
It's in my top 10, for sure.
I'm thinking 1972 was the year for that movie.
I could be wrong, but I'm thinking.
72, 74.
That's what I kept thinking you were talking about when you kept seeing 1980s.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I got confused by the authors.
1976.
Wow.
33 years ago, in this man knew all about the damn Saudis.
And he knew Rick Sanchez was going to be on CNN too.
He asked today, or the day before I'm watching in the afternoon, I'm flipping over and I watch it less and less CNN.
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez was on there, which is one of the reasons I watch it less and less.
And they were, they were showing Hillary Clinton.
And she was having a meeting of discussion with the Foreign Minister of Indonesia.
And Rick Sanchez says, well, Hillary is meeting right now with who is it?
And they, they had like whisper in his head phone, his headpiece, who the hell it was.
Oh, well, the Foreign Minister read the video.
And as soon as she says something important, we'll come back to it.
But in the meantime, he had to like, you know, ramble on about a bunch of crap.
I mean, who would you rather hear Hillary Clinton or Rick Sanchez?
Neil God.
CKW yesterday.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Brian.
Christopher, your style stands in need of company.
Like some angels, he'll fly.
You recall purity.
I, we were talking about that the other day I had the wrong mic switch.
Uh-oh. Well, that's because I'm on this mic too now.
Is the buzzing not so bad today or what?
Yeah, I can barely hear it.
The hissing. Yeah. That's because I'm on mic too.
But in any way, we were talking about conquistador and prokoharium last week or whatever the hell it was.
Mm-hmm.
You notice they say, conquistador.
Isn't that a little bit unusual? Don't you find that bizarre?
Yeah.
The name of the song is conquistador. And the word is conquistador.
Conquistador.
Jose.
Yeah.
But I do love it.
I saw him sing.
I saw she.
And in your advice ways.
The courtesy of Chiconeck who sent it at No Extra Charge on this week's dish.
Oh.
Something to find.
I can see no.
Is to a blind.
Oh, he's going to eat it.
And he said again, conquistador. Why do they do that?
I don't know.
Sounds like a bunch of going when they sing that conquistador.
That's not good.
Sure we're not going for big and soft food.
I'm sure that all of our Hispanic people know it's conquistador, right?
Conquistador.
Not that I want to be a nitpicker.
So we're not hissing too bad today, huh?
No.
And everybody's all happy with the signal online.
And we're not getting too many complaints about,
you know, even though your wife called from down by the hero building and said,
you can't hear the station all there.
Right.
Well, we used to have a lot of listeners at the herald.
A lot of closet needlies at the herald.
You know, back when the show was good and when people liked me as opposed to sending all this hate.
We hate you. We wish you would die already.
The 10th of May, no sticker says, I would love to have a stand back on the radio.
Oh, my phone's ringing. I'll be right back.
Oh, okay.
I'm going to have to go.
Oh, no.
Oh, no problem.
Oh, it was Roger's cable, but it beat that it booted about a lot of crap.
Tampa Bay, no sticker says, I would love to have stand back on the radio.
I've been listening to it like forever and he was pretty good.
Better than the lame talent out there now or all the right wing talking heads.
Rick and Sets were very good.
Perhaps he would pay you back the money he owes you, it said.
No.
I'm sure not.
PSU come in loud and clear on the internet.
No commercials.
I'll locked out.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Okay, who is this?
Tampa Bay, no sticker.
You're just talking gibberish.
Words on a piece of paper.
Rick says, uh, Chubby checkin.
Not only is he still alive, he's playing at finger lakes on July 15th at finger lakes race track.
Don't ask me where in the building.
I have no idea, but I'll see you there.
No, you will not see me there, Rick.
Isn't that when you're coming up here to Toronto?
Yeah, the 16th through the 19th.
Wow.
I'll take you to Ruth Chris for dinner.
All right.
And we can backstab everybody in the building.
I like it.
Not a good idea?
Sure.
Oh, I'm a priest the door.
Oh, I never noticed that before.
You know, in my whole life, and I've heard that song at least, you know, two or three times.
Anyway, uh, Flea says, Patty Chaffsky, a Ukrainian Jew born in the Bronx in 1923.
He had to have been a badass.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
I would just think growing up in the Bronx during that time, being a Ukrainian Jew, you get beat up a lot.
You think there weren't a lot of Jews in the Bronx in the early and the 20s?
No, I'm sure there was.
That's when the Jews were coming over in the early part of the century.
The Ukrainian Jews, the Russian Jews?
Yeah, I've heard that Russian Jews are hardcore.
Like Avram Solomon?
Now they're all in Sunny Island Beach.
We're dead.
Yeah.
That's one thing about the Jews, man, and stuff, or they either are all moved to Boka or somewhere, or they're all dead.
It's true.
History.
Sunny Island is all Russian now.
Is it really?
Oh, yeah, hardcore.
I bet you're Harry and Sunny Island Beach, who's one of our regular emailers.
I bet you he's the Russian.
Russian to the computer.
On the S.I.B.?
Yeah.
That's the guy, Harry, on S.I.B.
Cornell says, sorry to hear that George has gone, but that kid flees seems to be pretty good.
The show is always great now, listen every day.
How do you like that?
The show is always great now, listen every day.
All right.
Oh.
I'm in my office.
I'm this game near downtown.
The signal has been sounding like a washing machine since Saturday morning.
Please ask the head idiot to fix the signal with the same quickness with which he fixed George.
You will always be the man says Cornell in Miami.
Thanks, Cornell.
Well, I got bad into gesture from that weiner.
Maybe I got a hold of a bad weiner.
Maybe.
Oh, it's Alfred Hitchcock back again.
An ominent cold lobbying.
They say the bird is pretending to get nearby.
Masked.
Okay, I get that.
No one has been there.
San Francisco, the bird is pecking at the pedestrians.
It's certainly given new meaning to the term bird watching.
Hey, you know what he's doing, though, Johnny?
Wow.
He's trying to grab a two-pay to put up in his nest.
Nice soft.
Yeah, two bad mowers in there.
Wow, wouldn't it be something of a big old bird, big old crow came by and picked off on a mowers' pieces?
A bird.
Little family guy for you.
Now don't be playing family guy, you'll get another five weeks we can't afford to do that.
So what's going to happen on those days in July?
What days of the week are those?
Are you telling me that those are days that them well it's a Thursday and a Friday?
Yeah, so
Clarence ought to find somebody to work Friday, right somebody to work for you Thursday and somebody to work for both of us on Friday correct
Oh, please please please please not DA please. Oh, I don't want point. Oh, you know what I mean? Yeah, please pretty please
Whose decision wasn't to stick them in there by the way those three days who made that decision?
I would say Clarence. Oh, I actually feel bad for DA for the first day on Wednesday because he didn't get the call until about what nine 20 or something like that
And hey, you got to come in and do the show. Wow by the seat of his pants. But he has no excuse for Thursday and Friday
Are you trying to say that they butchered that whole week with that 0.5 that we were on three of the five days which I noticed nobody's making a big simmiss about that
Oh, you had an 0.5 that way. Yeah, that was in limbo week, baby
No, it's not a key. I know that the zord even loves Neil Rogers
I
Couple of bleeps in there too. I noticed too bad we didn't have to believe the word bitch every time. Yeah, that would have been TD call of joy
We can say bitch. Okay
12.32 at 560 WQ a.m. Barry says the signal is unlistenable. Let me say it again unlistenable
Goes in and out with a hissing sound. Do they have a car with a radio so they can hear what it sounds like who's they?
Oh, I think you know I
Do now I have no idea who they are no what does it mean do they have a car with a radio does that mean like the powers that V
Here is I mean the audience I don't know what that means. I would think the powers that being oh, but I'm just guessing
They're oblivious to it. They they don't notice it. I'm just making it up. Maybe they should drive down to the hero building
Jim and Kalamazoo says couldn't get the signal on the phone
But your signal is very wavy on a 36 from i95 to the toll road and i95 from downtown about 60 seconds tree
Also on the gratin all the way from second avenue to 826 and then down on 826 all the way to 836 signal really sucks
Streaming is excellent, but why do we get an ad before getting into your stream?
Maybe because we get paid for it maybe because we need the money
You think that's what it's a that's why Jim you get ads because we need the money honey. Absolutely. That's what we're here for
Uh, we're not here to be compelling. We're not here to be concise. We're not here to be entertaining. We're here to get the money
We are horrors
Everybody in this business is to some extent or another a radio whore. This is a whore business
Kathy says can I make a suggestion on for a choice on the poll? No sweetheart
When I first read the question what popped into my head was listen to George live and kneel from the archives or the other way around if
George's show was available for download have a great day you too Kathy, but I think the poll is you know it is what it is
654 votes we might just get close to 800 on there today before we're done
Wouldn't that be a feather in our cap? And this is a poll that we started out in our like this morning or late last night
Not like the day before we used to cheat with a thousand votes because we'd start like it new in the previous day
You know what I mean? Yep, you can ask fat Chris about that. He'll give you a seminar
Now are you looking forward to these two 15
Ding dong school meetings every Tuesday and Thursday you're gonna have to change one of your meetings again
Why do I have to go?
What do me why do you have to go because what?
haha
So in other words you want to you want to produce the show for free, but you don't want to do all the other accoutrements that go along with it
It just seems to me like a colossal waste of time. That's all
For for whom for you and I for meme and you yes and them well
Yeah, no, just just what we need is clearance micro managing the show well if you could talk a little bit more about joc straps
Hmm the aroma
I
Also heard what they said on the Dan La Bastard show they mentioned that in the past you'd be more than willing to talk about the ratings
But now that your ratings have plummeted you are blaming everyone did not talk about the ratings yesterday when the weeklies came out
Mm-hmm. Yeah
And using the excuse of not being allowed to read them by the same guy who rips every day who says I'm not allowed to read them
All I said was that the GM said oh it's not compelling radio to spend all that time on the weeklies nobody cares about them
Why why would they care about the weeklies any less than the monthlies or the yearlies or anything else I don't know they care
They also mentioned that when he had all the ratings you would bully everyone even in your own station
But now you can't even save your own producer has been very loyal to you throughout the years
They also agreed that the rating system is flawed no kidding
But we're disappointed in how the mighty have fallen anyway if I oh they're disappointed how I've fallen
Oh gee how somehow survived without you guys over there, okay losers
losers
What do they have in the morning is zero point something?
Mm-hmm. They had pretty slim cross we had a zero point something too. Oh point five, but that was you know your guys
Your guys DA
Why why can't he find an audience with a search party? What is what is his problem is he because I don't listen, you know
I couldn't tell you
There's some problem there
Night time filling in for Joe Rose time filling in for mad dog time filling in for the big old time filling in for us time
Always it starts with a oh
At least he's consistent. I'll say that
Joe
Here's an email from Joe failure is the only option bell. Isn't that cute?
It says dear Neil as you know we are very unhappy with your summer schedule or very not very confident in flea and josh
But we believe we have the perfect remedy or negotiations to acquire your old whammy tapes
Which will play the audio of idea route for a summer
We feel it will be extremely compelling so enjoy your vacation
You know back in the beginning when we did the summer thing. I didn't work at all in the summer the first two years
Nice. Are you aware of that? I was not well. There you go
How how would they react to that? Oh jeez if you cared about the show if you cared if you cared about us
Seriously there are times when he sends me stuff and I wonder are these coming from Renfield you know and Dracula
What what where is this coming from?
Somebody who's in a rubber room somewhere?
You know eating ants and flies
658 votes on the pool what would happen if George and Neil were on different stations at the same time
I listened to Neil 324
I'd switch back and forth depending on my mood 161
Who cares as long as George makes his 75 grand 85 yes and George some money. Oh can't quit being so cheap
It would be stupid 46 I listened to George 29
And it would make for fun ratings book days 14
Yeah, he used to talk about the ratings all the time but not that he doesn't have and he's not talking
Yeah, why don't you talk about the ratings on your station over there?
Why don't you talk about your zero point this and zero point that huh
Why don't you talk about the fact that you had one show over there which there's is the only one
That ever had a number ever
Did sit ever have a number no did Jorge ever had a number no sadano no
And
And how about the Christopher cow pile guy that guy do you think he's gonna have a number no
He'll have a number and it's gonna start with a oh
A lot of those going around these days. You know what a lot of numbers that start with oh
Let me say it again 10% of the sample in new arbitrarian rating system is children age 6 to 12
I'm not gonna wait for them to impart all this information on me that he he keeps threatening Joe keeps threatening to send me
I want to do my own research and read about all these lawsuits. I was reading about some of it last night
The wise and the where force of why the arbitrarians getting sued all over the country
And you know where there's a gigantic under sampling in market after market where men 18 to 54
Including this market now the fact that our target demo is men 2554 that must just be a coincidence when you think
Mm-hmm
And and here we are back in the diary days there wouldn't be one rating period ever
Well, I wouldn't hear from somebody you know by
Facts or email or letter or something or phone. Oh, we got the two diaries in our household and you know like that
Have you encountered anybody who's received one of these devices who listens to this show? I have not
Have I had an email from anybody who
No
No
Has anybody put a message in a bottle that floated up Lake Ontario and said oh guess what I'm hooked up to one of those deals
Fulton
And gave their order to the girl and the next thing you know they started to
Started to blow
Up burning inside their throat
That's when they started to blow
Remember being buried
It's causing all of this diarrhea
But none of the sick are going to die they just got a bad case for the colon
Oh, that's coming started to blow
A burning inside their throat
That's when they started to blow not feeling well
From the bean burrito should have skipped the damn to lupa
You might not have made but super
Next time you pass the fine say no even though it's grilled so it's good to go
Lots of people got the bacon with the day under gun so they could hunt down the people moving outside the bum
The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut. So next time they'll just go to pizza hot
There's some excited to blow
Oh
Inside their throat it had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
The bean burrito
So what's an issue? I'm going to do first go back to Taco Bell for a fabulous meal or watch shark shank redemption
Hmm one of these days I'll go back to taco smell this one not too far from me, but I'm just too lazy to go there
I like it. I don't apologize for liking it. I like it
This is compelling crap from the fake Tom jica
WPRO talk show host John the ptron ron saint pier spar
Wow
There's trouble at the salty brine broadcast center would island self-proclaimed talk radio capital
We're accusations of guest poaching by the state's most famous felon escalated last week into an off-air confrontation between two
WPRO personalities
The drama began last Thursday when former governor Bruce Sunderland spent an hour with morning drive time host John the independent man
The ptron regaling musters with his misadventures driving cars and flying airplanes
Then when midday host Vincent Chanci Jr. followed the ptron of the year he and sidekick ron saint pier asked Sunderland to come back into the studio to be on their show
The ptron objective that Chanci and saint pier had violated an unwritten code among talk show host about approaching each other's guests
I wrote windbag would have been on there in a heartbeat I guarantee you
He wrote a note to a station manager which found its way in the saint pier his hands
That led to a confrontation between saint pier and de petro during which the note now crumpled up and with a metal staple attached
Was hurled by saint pier and struck the ptron the left eye
whoa
According to Peter coach chief executive of coach i associates
Cox said Tuesday that de petro several day corneal abrasion from the staple grazing his eye
forcing him to miss last Friday show. Oh my god. Maybe he had a closing
Of the eye yeah
Yeah, could be
Vincent ragoste providence lawyers handle workplace issues confirmed that he's been hired to represent the ptron connection with an incident that occurred on June 10 2009
We declined to comment. I would be the ptron tends to finally police report the ptron also declined to comment
saint pier veteran radio presence in Rhode Island to climb to comment
Barbara Haynes general manager of citadel broadcasting which owns the ptron
declined to respond to a request for comment
On monday de petro we turn into a show sporting a black eye patch and his guest with providence mayor david n
teach elini a frequent target of chances
Teach elini blasted the providence firefired as union for to petering the planned visit of top obama administration officials
Including vice president joe biden to the u.s. conference of mayor's convention providence this weekend
Then it goes on and on and on about this and about that and about how they
had a
expletive least
Exchange at a furniture store where one guy was doing a live broadcast when they sure get into it in Rhode Island
You know what a boring place. I thought
But evidently the talk radio there's very compelling and they get in like you know brawl's ever doesn't the halls
Maybe that's what we need to qm or some brawls in the halls
I mean I recalled a lot of bizarre things that happened there were with the years
But I'm recall anybody ever getting like into a brawl in the hall. Do you?
Yeah, one time in Tampa the morning show guy there a seabass
walked into the office and he was choking his co-host
Really yet the general manager walked into and fired him on the spot. He had the number one show in Tampa mornings
And then I had to work with the co-host is like marlostone
Mm-hmm. I kind of know why he was choking her
Bitch oh man hating oh really yeah, she was kind of like Tom Likus in reverse. Yeah, and on a rock station hating guys
Wow, yeah, they'll be like on a sports station hating guys, you know, mm-hmm. Yeah
Seamass from Weston says joebell is no longer just the most recent and a long line of inept station managers
You've made fun of on the year over long excruciating years. He's a real threat to you in the near-rider show
Recent events such as the firing of George and the threat of ding dong school demonstrate my point
That's right of ding dong school. All right, even the audience knows all about ding dong school
By preventing you from doing the near-rider show then threatening you because of for ratings among sports nerds
He finally has shown his true colors
This is like stabbing somebody in the back with a big sharp knife and then complaining that they're bleeding all over the carpet
Watch your back kneels as seamass from Weston
I feel like I've got a chive in my back chive with a V
The fake team defeat us as hockey is the best sport in the world bar none best sport to play and watch
Sorry for being somewhat of a chronic. Yeah, somewhat
Thanks for getting me into hockey since the fake team. I didn't watch the game last night. Watch maybe I don't know five minutes
And I wasn't paying any attention to it
I just I just don't care you know if there are teams playing and you don't care
What's the point?
Right you have you have to watch it because it's a Stanley Cup finals just like you you're watching the NBA finals
Are you a big NBA fan? I guess so a little bit and I like the magic
You like the magic yeah
Just supposed to say I like the heat
I like the heat to I like the heat to no you know. I like all the Florida teams. Here's the first race at Monmouth and 80 castro are well in control here
Six or six five six five exacted. I'll bet a million dollars on it was task late to beat valentine
Let's get a lot more horse racing shows going what do you say we can get yelled at caller and
George back out through a Gulfstream
Sure, what do you say okay
Nine minutes till the first race at Belmont
We got Delaware Park Suffolk Downs boy. I haven't been there in many many years
But what a dumpy place that was out by the airport there in Boston
You ever been to Boston I had oh
What a great city yeah, I love that city and once upon a time what great radio too
And then even when we got into the talk era
With W. R. K.O.
Let me tell you someday about how Jerry Williams got to put in his grave by Walter Sabo
The Walter Sabo you know, can he play third base for the sense of any reds?
Thank goodness at least we're not going to be consulted by Walter Sabo
Do you know this Christopher whatever this guy's name is walkins? No, not walkins. This consultant that we're being
We're going to be doing the mini oh no, I've never heard of him
Never heard of me than anybody else and at least today. What's his name? They're Phil John main alien New York
Maybe John doesn't have any clients these days. Maybe that's why he's busy trying to like foist himself on this show
Get alive John, okay quit bugging me with your comments. I'm not interested
Oh, if you just would do these two things did we get better callers today by the way?
Hmm, no that really well. Let's see about this one. I'm sure it's not Q.A.M. Hello
That is better. Yeah, that was much better than most Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, Neil, you take some calls today. Yeah, let me hang up. I'll call you back. Okay
That was good. I like that
That was excellent thing. I don't think there's anybody online six. No, there's not
That uh lines one through a hundred are the tool free number one eight seven seven
Seven eight five sixty three forty five. Nobody's going to remember that number
It's just not possible in this to which only line one rings anyway. No, I had to read it down
You what I had to write it down and I still they know it long time ago
One eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. It's just not conducive especially for people in the car
With their cell phones. Mm-hmm. How are they going to remember that? What exactly that's my point
And when they don't roll over it's just it's a grind. It's just this is what I head in mind
I thought when they finish the studio that means everything will be ready to go you know
Oh, yeah, I know I'm stupid. I haven't been through enough of this crap already for last 11 and a half years
Like that first weekend I told you about when Greg read when the going gets tough
Greg read gets going and that was exactly what happened
He was positive we never get on the year that Monday morning and we did
Of course, I worked till like three four in the morning that morning to get that's makeshift studio down on the second floor in the old building
Make it work and that weekend Greg packed his family into a plane and they went to Chicago for a week
To run away from what he thought was gonna be a technical disaster
Spineless cowardly, and you know what he still looks pretty damn good in retrospect Q.A.M. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I wore it. Okay. Just had lunch at Burger King in South Florida and it was lovely
They they have a big and she's burger waiting for you. Mm-hmm. Okay. Also wait
I think George should call in and talk to you and flee on the line because that would really piss off
You'll be able to hear that and I think it would be funny radio. Okay, great. Yeah, see him
What tell was that I think that was him that was him
I think he stuck his finger in the wrong rectum hole
God
No, I don't think they care they already told us they don't mind if we have George on every day
Just as long as they don't have to pay him right
But I'm sure George is a busier and got more things to do than entertaining the Q.A.M. audience for free
You think how we think so or maybe you ought to confabulate with him about that
Maybe you could have him on his a guess next week when I'm on vacation. That sounds good
That sound like a good idea
Yeah, you could caught up on what he's doing where he's uh
You get you some good crap stuff like that. Maybe he can bring you some good crap
Now the only problem is I would need a second mic in here at some point. Oh
Or are you complaining again about technical stuff? Well, let me just tell you right now mr. That engineering staff works
They're ass off to get things done right away
That you're so critical of sorry
Yeah, if you could see some of these emails. I'm getting from your demented friend. I mean it's it it's just
blows the mind
You think that this is somebody who's coming totally on gluten is just gonna go ballistic one of these days
He's gonna go postal up and down a hallway and start shooting people. I'm telling you
Don't let him get too close to any firearms. That's my suggestion
If the wind is too high
Card
They can control their hormones.
It's red corn, nothing brownie.
Red ki-brownie, brownie in the prime.
Brownie, red ki-brownie, sport holes are touching and squeezing and walking for you.
They want your bad night.
Sport holes are touching and squeezing and walking for you.
They don't let the car go away.
102 at 560 WQM, it's her gigantic one to two.
I remember when the one to two are used to be really special, you know?
Remember that?
Yeah.
I don't.
I just thought I'd say it for you know, to be compelling.
This is kind of cute PR Ralph sent this to me.
The other stall, it shows a picture of two stalls in a tea room, public tea room.
It says, traveling down the interstate needing to use the restroom.
I stopped at a restroom and headed to the restroom.
I was barely sitting down when I heard a voice from the other stall saying,
Hi, how are you?
I'm not the type to start a conversation in the restroom.
I don't know what got into me, but I answered someone embarrassed.
The one just fine.
And the other person says, so what are you up to?
What kind of a question is that?
At that point I'm thinking this is too bizarre.
So I say, I'm like you just traveling.
At this point I'm just trying to get out as fast as I can.
I hear another question.
Can I come over?
This question is a little bit too weird for me, but I figured I could just be polite
and the conversation I tell him, no, I'm a little busy right now.
Then I heard the person say, nervously, listen, I'll have to call you back.
There's an idiot in the other stall who keeps answering all my questions.
Wow.
Is that beautiful or what?
That's cute.
Not hysterical, a little, a little compelling I would think isn't it?
Yeah, I like that.
WQAM, hello.
Can I come over?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Okay.
Neil, I haven't listened in a while because I'm too much of a poor soul.
I used to listen to it a lot.
I'm right after you, you know, when you first came to QAM and everything.
Do you do the show like exclusively from Toronto now?
Like, you don't even come to Florida?
That's correct.
That's correct.
I come to Florida once in a while, but I do do when he shows there.
Okay, but you still, your residents, I guess, well, whatever.
You live in Toronto for the most of the part.
Yeah.
Why?
Well, I mean, you know, like Florida anymore.
I hate Florida.
I hate it.
The blue areas in plantation acres or whatever it is you live or sunshine and sunrise, whatever
lakes.
I love Florida.
I hate the people.
That's the difference.
You love Florida, but you have a nasty hostile people.
And in Toronto, the nice people?
Yeah.
It's a very civilized city.
It's a great city.
It's cold as hell, isn't it?
Yeah, that's correct.
I can survive it.
I grew up in it.
I can, you know, whether, whether there isn't what life is all about.
Well, when you're older, it is.
Well, tell me, I'm old.
I know old.
Okay, pal.
There's another guy who's going to give me a less none in my life.
How can you stay in?
How can you, I don't know, majority of people live in cold weather in the US and North America.
You don't think?
Yeah, I think so.
And Canadians, every Canadian that I've ever met has actually been really nice outside of the,
once in Montreal.
I'm not, oh, the frogs.
Yeah, I'm not saying they're all nice people here.
I mean, anywhere you go, especially with this five-minute and people, there's going to be a bunch of idiots and rejects and smelly, nasty people.
But generally speaking, it's a civilized place and people are nice to you and polite and the, how's it going, eh?
You know, hold the elevator for you.
Hold the door open.
As opposed to, what do you want?
Bad.
You like that?
WQA M, hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just called you, say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
I'm really condescending when you spoke about toasts pay. You said they don't pay much like 50 or 60K. We always thought we were generous with our producers and word is that they were the second highest paid producers in the market behind George who actually we used as a measuring stick because he was the longest running producer in town. Maybe you make a lot more than that, but I'm not sure, you know, that Steve is making close to what George is making, but being that he's the executive producer and toaster just a producer. It says, I don't know what Jolly Joe is paying you, but if you think that 50 or 60K isn't the quote, they don't pay much over there.
If that's bad pay for a secondary producer, then I understand why they had to let poor George go, probably to satisfy your salary. That's not even what I said. What did you say? Don't say that offensive. Now, don't don't react to these emails. Okay, like that. I said that he doesn't make enough money to be a right wing nut. Oh, you don't have to make a lot of money to be. You think all the ditto heads will listen to Russia making big money. No, but that would make that. Right. Nick Yahoo. Shluppers. Right. It says, um, if that's bad pay for a secondary producer, I understand why they had to let poor George go.
Probably to satisfy your salary. Thank you, Neil says the pissed off young Ron. I think this really is coming from the a pissed off young Ron. Sure sounds like it. I guess I was really close to that. Get on that guess. Huh? 50 or 60K. Yeah. Don't be talking on here about what people make. Well, I don't know how much he makes. I just guessed the real Walter Sabo sends an email. Whoa. Allegedly. Well, it's got his, um, Sabo media. It's got his stuff at the bottom of the email. Oh my God. A dress and phone number. Of course, anybody can paste that on anything. You know.
Hi, Neil. It's been a long time. Glad to hear that you're still alive and kicking says the real Walter Sabo allegedly. The recent developments in the radio industry are quite disturbing to me. I highly doubt the station wants to get rid of you. However, when your contract was signed, AIG was still in business. GM had all of their stores. The economy was not in the toilet. You may have cut a deal at WQM could capitalize on. Research needs to be performed to determine if the arrangement is lucrative for both parties. I would hate to see you go on the negative facts.
I'm not going to be in the question. If times have changed and you need to continue to be the professional that you are and plan on the last on your needle show. Yeah, let's plan and let's get clearance on the horn here. In the meantime, keep promoting the arrangers.com is all internet radio continues to increase in listenership. You may be able to cut out QM altogether in the future. I thought this was allegedly Joe's good buddy. Anyway, it was a pleasure working with you in the past. I hope to help you in the future. You never helped me in the past. You're not going to help me in the future. Walt Sabo.
It was a pleasure working with you in the past. You should live so long. Snake, a real snake like all consultants are snake. Like I told you that day, it would take the town like me out to lunch and then probe them for all the information you can get and then go back to whoever was paying a salary. In this case, buddy, but Paxton and spill the beans and everything you said. Right. Not to mention, cause Jerry Williams heart attack in Boston. Jerry died because of Walter Sabo. I know it for a fact. I had to make define a consultant as someone who bars your watch to tell you what time it is.
Exactly. Very good. Well done. Broadcasters do it. Consultants tell them how to do it and can't. Scott and Phinellis Park says I used to work with the Ron St. Pierre. He's a jerk in Providence. He was down in South Florida as the PD of the Gator. I think he heard sea bass from Tampa to do mornings there. C. Ancy got booted from the governorship of Rhode Island for beating the Joyce out of some old guy who was pronging Mrs. C. Ancy. Well, how do you like that? She was getting pronged.
Maybe Chris Pronger. Kevin Kevin and Miami Springs is about the email that Jolly Joe sent you about wanting to show to be more compelling.
Big old can talk about the dolphins 90 and out around rap. They're trying to make the team this talk coming too much before the team team even starts training camp and Jolly Joe thinks that's compelling talk.
But he gets on your case about making your show more compelling. If he really wanted to have a more compelling show, he never should have fired George. No offense to flee, but he's no George. No George. I don't.
I have one suggestion to Jolly Joe about making the show more compelling fixed the stupid signal so I don't hear rolling waves on my radio in Miami Springs anymore. Thank you, Neil, for making a compelling show despite all the garbage, Jolly Joe is thrown at you.
Speaking of Rhode Island, well, I'll tell you Rhode Island to me is not very compelling. It's boring, but they're in the news big time. Rhode Island sent an overwhelming the back's medical marijuana stories.
Whether it be public and governor Rhode Island likes it or not medical marijuana patients in a state will likely soon be able to purchase their medicine from retail shops that specialize in cannabis and cannabis infuse medicinal products.
Tuesday night last night, the Rhode Island State Senate approved legislation by a vote of 30 to 2.
Rhode Island has already approved medical marijuana license about 600 E patients, according to local news station WPRI, but never actually legalized the states the plant sale.
State lawmakers approved the use of medical marijuana in 2006. However, they never legalized the sale of the drug. Under the current bill, Rhode Island would be the third state in the country and the first on the East Coast to approve marijuana dispensaries for medical patients, the station said.
State Senator road parry Democrat of Providence who sponsored the pill told WPRI sick patients and their caregiver shouldn't have to risk their safety and deal with criminals to get the relief they need.
Rhode Island was compassionate a few years ago to recognize the benefit of marijuana for those who are suffering and I'm proud that we're not taking the next logical and necessary step at recognizing that patients need a safe legal means to get it.
Governor Donald Carcierri Republican who's been a long time opponent of efforts to allow critically old patients access to medical marijuana is widely expected to veto the measure confirmed in a brief interview Tuesday that he'll do the same thing I've done in the past year ago, we vetoed a compromise plan to study the concept.
But both chambers have enough votes to override a veto the House in May approved legislation of vote of 63 to 5.
And the state Senate 30 to 2 last night.
State sponsor wrote a perry said that both chambers would likely override a veto of necessary before the station session ends in the coming weeks.
In 2006 January 2006 the Rhode Island General Assembly passed the temporary legalization medical marijuana over the governor's veto.
The Assembly later made the law permanent again over the governor's veto. He's just a fly in the equipment slime ball.
That was down 68 points by the way.
You can tell the way we have an earth from Maria Bartiroman a long long time.
Have an earth from Maria. Maybe she got wild uncontrollable diarrhea.
We're looking at 10 inches.
All right.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
There
Here
Here
Take
to their faith, they both make it in vain.
Back them in a pile, there's a code that opens
to say Jesus, smile.
Overestreet all that great best-forged curse,
in rest they know the trilogy is more so.
It's a life well-affirmed to only follow shorter.
Oh, what we've become, oh,
oh, China's from Hensky,
now like that will die.
I've been hurt like rubber on a Saturday night.
117 at 560 WQM, the world's flaming Neil Rogers show.
What we used to be pretty good on the show,
and now I don't know, not so good, not so good.
Guess where our signal goes.
I just printed out the daytime coverage area for 560 WQM.
You know where 90, at least 90% of our signal goes south.
Into the ocean.
Oh, that's good.
I would say 95% of the daytime coverage pattern for WQM.
So we get any rubber rafters out there,
anybody aboard some yachts and ships and whatever,
get them some of that meters and get them hooked up.
Out in the ocean, because then they can hear it loud and queer in the ocean.
Yeah, in the ocean.
Just amazing.
There's this gigantic, I mean, huge bubble that goes away out there in the ocean.
Did you ever know that?
I did not.
Google it.
Google WQM coverage area.
And when you see the map, you're going to plots.
Very strange.
But then again, we're getting that new improved 80 billion Watt signal coming very soon.
Oh, not yet.
I don't know.
I don't believe anything anybody says.
Anybody.
Oh, Greg butel, the faker is back.
Any news on the move to 1470?
No, not yet, Greg.
Not any news on the move to oldies either.
Although we've got conquisted ore here or queued up.
Enjoy the show today, idea for you.
Do a radio town meeting on there to discuss the state of radio.
You can have the South Florida radio legends on there.
Myself, sunny fox, villetanner, Johnny Dark, Joey Reynolds, Kid Prairie, Spiderman, Spiderman,
Harrison, Alice Rantell, Rick Spiderman, Steve Kane, it'll be compelling radio.
Not myself.
I really wonder about some of these people.
I think it could be the real Greg you do.
Does anybody like me?
No, we all hate you, Greg.
We hated you before and we still hate you, even though you're now in Alabama.
And you were a crappy waiter at the Sterling Country Kitchen too, that's what mom said.
He was a waiter at the Sterling Country Kitchen right next to Curage Hills where my mom used to live.
Greg, you know, talk about the mighty fallen, but now he's in Alabama with a banjo on it.
Yeah, wow, no, I'm laughing because I just saw the coverage map.
Yeah, what did I tell you?
We must be huge and hatey.
No, hatey is the much further away.
No, we're huge in places where nobody lives and nobody, there's no people.
We're big among dolphins of it.
Yeah.
I know Danny Boy used to listen to the show.
At least when it was on IOD, I don't know if Danny Boy listens anymore.
What do you think?
Maybe, well, he probably listens to Joe, I says buddy.
And I'm not talking about listening to Joey's Onwood Joe like 80 hours a week.
And believe you me, when Jimmy is on, it's not real compelling or Danny, whatever's name is.
Jimmy and Danny.
When all folks says in your poll today, you hint that George wants to earn 75 grand a year.
Is this the average salary of someone who works on the radio?
Is this high lower average?
Well, it all depends on what your category you're talking about.
Is this after a 20 year career?
What does entry level DJ make?
Boop.
Yeah, I would say...
About 30, man.
$1 a week.
No wonder shows have terrible talent.
They don't pay people enough.
I'm shocked, hard to believe, that the Joe Bell nickel and dimes for these kinds of amounts.
If they're hurting for those figures, the radio station might be in great financial distress.
Hey, I hate to write the news here, Redalfo.
Just about all businesses that are in great financial distress.
We're in a freaking depression that I was down 70 points.
Nobody's got two nickels to rub together.
I'm going to Woodbine at two and plunge my guts out.
Hopefully you find a good machine man.
I sat there yesterday afternoon for an hour and a half and I didn't get squat.
I didn't lose a whole lot.
I lost that loss some, you know.
But I just didn't get squat.
And you keep punching that button and punching that button and punching that button.
And then you get a spin.
25 bucks.
Oh my god.
Of course, it's not very compelling.
Who is it that said that?
Oh, that was the fake PD Lenny.
We've even got a fake PD Lenny now.
Who doesn't have the balls to put his real name on that scathing email that I read earlier?
Scathing.
Thank God we found out it wasn't the real PD Lenny, our close personal friend.
At least that's what he claims.
That's what George says.
Although I have a better instinct for things like this than George, I told George about certain people long before he ever bought into it, you know.
He was in denial.
Being a much nicer person than I am, being a little more easy going with people and a lot more.
I think the word I'm looking for is gullible.
717 votes on the polls only 20 after one week.
We can get 750 if we really push it.
That would be good for a poll that started not that long ago.
Maria Bartiromo says, I'm here.
I thought you were a fan of mine.
Would have realized that was in Russia covering that their economy last week.
Panamichi Padusky.
I will send you some market commentary on Friday for our invest for your future Friday segment.
Yeah, that's your goose's up Maria.
Maybe we ought to give that a shot.
What do you think?
Not?
No.
In the meantime, have a great rest of the week and make sure to hedge your dollar position because it's not looking good for the greenback.
Oh, bad news for Maria.
I'm going to have screaming diarrhea.
That loony starts going back up again.
I'm screwed.
Oh, Johnny Dolen.
I think this is him.
He's writing from home.
He's not a work.
Just visited the Walters Sabo site.
He's promoting compelling content on his website.
Anyway, he also has a storm which you can buy junk, the frog.
Some stupid ass t-shirt, radio coffee with a coffee mug.
Oh, my God.
A career builder guide, special for on talent only.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
A career builder guide from Walters Sabo.
Oh, brother.
He's promoting compelling content as a web.
So where do you think Jolly Jogat that expression from an all-out bull crap?
Hmm.
Couldn't be from his close personal buddy Walter Sabo could it.
Then I think this member one thing and this is the true statement anybody has ever said in life.
There are no coincidences.
I had one in my mouth once.
Oh, right.
Oh, I'm through all three Sabo and a black is a damn.
I want to hop inside my company car.
I got the tickets and taxidates out of my hand.
I'm doing a nigga you will rainy old style.
I'm both a Sabo baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm gonna make a soda you.
I'm giving that so.
I'm a rap show.
And I'm for me long.
I got the boy.
I got the power to molding control.
Whoa, you know I do.
I have a way to get your own show at the station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're already below.
As long as you can stroke me good.
I'm all the Sabo baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spread your name to and I desire you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna dump slide.
I'm giving real jobs.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Cause I'm just an ass.
Wow.
Clown.
130.
Guess what water is promoting on his website?
Johnny Golan is right.
What?
It says compelling content for all media.
Right there in the front page.
Compelling content for all media.
Ask us what's next.
Click here to see the new Sabo media brochure.
By the way, shooting at US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington DC.
Security guard and two other people attacked.
Sabo media.
And I got a scroll down.
And there he is.
There is a picture of smiling water.
Oh my god.
Clients tell us what they need and we follow the agenda.
For new radio formats or for my changes.
We bake from scratch.
They're scratching it.
Oh brother.
Goes on and on and Jersey 101.5 97.1 KS LK LS X LA.
Real radio 104.1.
We know where that is WTKS.
Isn't that where we're going to WTKS in Orlando?
That was the rumor that he started no doubt?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
729 votes on the pool.
We're going to get 750 by 2 o'clock or we're going to go on strike.
We're going to go on a hunger strike.
You first.
Of course in your case.
Do you look forward to eating or when you're eating vegetarian?
You're eating crap.
I eat all the time.
I just had a nice Quiz No Sabo.
It was good.
With the bread.
Oh yeah.
And guacamole.
Cold cuts and cheese.
It was good.
It was toasty.
I got a brochure from Quiz Noes in the other room.
They deliver you know.
That's the one right down the street for me.
The only thing is I shouldn't be eating all that bread.
You know.
Right.
Candy is so much tastier.
But nevertheless.
The fake here in Summer says, just tune in.
So I'm not sure if you covered this.
Yes we did.
But last night La Bastion was trashing you.
Oh geez.
Oh no.
Called you a coward for not protecting your producer and reading the ratings on you
when you did well.
But have when you have nobody listening, nobody at all, you won't read the ratings.
Let me get on your boss.
Well, when have we failed to read the ratings?
Liar.
Liar.
B.S. artist.
The same person you ripped for four hours every day.
Hasn't tried in years, you said.
That's right.
I come in.
I don't try.
Just mail it in.
That a boy, Danny Boy.
You know, it's really interesting how obsessed they are with this show.
Obsessed.
I've heard him for like ten minutes in my life.
Total.
And it was really bushly.
It was crap.
Garbage.
Do you have you heard him at all, La Bastion?
Yeah, I heard it.
You find it entertaining and using at times.
Really?
Yeah.
He's got moments.
I haven't heard those.
But why is it that they're so fixated on the show and his good buddy and executive producer, Mark
Hockman, is listening right now.
You can bet your life on that and is obsessed with this show.
Obsessed.
If I'm so bad, I haven't tried in years.
You know, just keep repeating all the same stupid cliches.
He's mailing it in.
He hasn't tried in years.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
You know, the cliches do your.
WDQAM, hello.
Nero, what's up, buddy?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
I got a question for you.
What do you call a guy that doesn't know anything?
That's a talk about anything and he's just there for nothing.
His name is Sweet.
Good.
Good.
You like that?
Sweet.
Good.
Week.
Go back to pumping gas, dude.
Yeah.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I guess the pressure got to him, huh?
The pressure got to him.
I do like that line 11, though.
I will say that.
Most of the phone lines don't work and the phone is all screwed up really badly, but I do like line 11.
Because we've never had a line 11 before.
Yeah.
Does the bat line work?
I'm sure it does.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that the same bat line we talked to Dave Johnson on before the Belmont?
No, it's not.
When he and I both gave our wrong predictions.
Yeah.
We were back in the...
Humphur was on there too with that stiff piece.
What?
Yeah, we were back in the other studio then.
No.
But now we're in our new studio and some of this stuff actually works.
You just be patient, okay?
When you come back from vacation, everything is going to be hunky-dory.
Like gym-dory number eight Toronto Maple Leafs.
Mm-hmm.
Well, it's got a little more hockey intensive.
So the seventh and final game is when?
Good question, maybe tomorrow.
I'll look.
Thursday night?
Tomorrow night.
Because they played on a Tuesday.
So Indy Troy, no question about that.
The seventh and final game.
Penguin stayed alive.
Two to one win last night.
That you went after Ray Emory, one after him right now.
You obviously have Bjorn and it's a Mackie that we're...
I'm not making my ass.
It's free agents to be.
What was your main reason for going after Ray Emory Paul?
Well, Ray's a guy that we've liked for a long time.
But as a gold tender.
How about as a gold post as a gold tender?
Oh my god.
That was pretty compelling, wasn't it?
I would like them as a gold tender.
We loved Red Kelly as a forward end defenseman though.
Okay, now what are you looking up?
One game seven is.
Tomorrow night.
Indy Troy.
There you go.
Hockey town.
WDQA Am Hello.
Going on, your signal's pretty clear where I'm at.
Where is that?
I'm in Tata Kong shell.
All right.
That's Call of the Week so far.
We've had a couple of do'sies, but that was good.
Although I did like the engineer that called the other day
and explained all of that.
He went through that whole technical thing about one side
of the band is going here and we're fighting
with the Castro signal from Cuba.
That's what those waves are.
It's the QAM signal against the Castro signal.
And so far in Dade County, at least parts of it,
we're losing.
We are losing.
Okay.
WDQA Am Hello.
Now I was short and sweet, strange.
QAM Hello.
I'm your fan.
I'm your fan.
WDQA Am Hello.
I know.
I know.
I'm not going to smarten around that.
QAM Hello.
Hey, D. How's it going?
Okay.
Hey, I was just curious.
What ever happened in Georgia in that 790 thing?
I'm sure he's still working on it.
Oh, man.
I think I'm pretty sure that plea is the Chigger
and the Woods pile, man.
I think so.
He cycled up to Georgia, learned the trade,
and then he just hosted him out.
He's got to be in Joe's back pocket.
Yeah.
Oh, he is.
Like a mouse.
Well, we're open to get you back down here for another appearance,
man.
It'd be great.
Okay.
Come to the last one, you know.
Take it easy.
By the way, Game 7 is Friday at 8 o'clock.
Friday at 8 p.m.
Yeah.
Wow.
Oh, on Hockey Night in Canada, no doubt.
And on Versus, who's carrying it in the States?
NBC?
I think they are.
Let me see if it says.
Didn't say, but I think NBC is carrying it.
No.
I'm sure that's of great interest to a lot of people in this audience.
Not.
We love the red wings.
They win a lot.
How about the Panthers?
Anybody interested?
Oh, yes.
Yes, Celia or what?
No, he's trying to.
But yeah, it's definitely on NBC.
Game 7.
Yes.
Red wings and Pittsburgh pin wood side three games of it.
Let's get somebody different in there.
How about Leafs?
There you go.
They suck.
They're pathetic.
It's also on CBC.
I'm guessing that's Canadian.
Yeah, that's correct.
It's on the CBC.
You want to hear a little bit of the CBC?
They don't you, well, they do.
They lay there, and all kinds of words go on here on the CBC over the air.
To know that somebody at the helm has a steady hand.
Oh, and Nova's supposed to do really not win some majority.
Yeah, around the issues of what the NDP.
They're not liberal.
They're not conservative.
They're kind of like neither fish and your foul.
You know what I mean?
They're like foul.
The future.
And I think all of that is why it resonated.
Oh, she sounds so Canadian.
And she's got that real daiki.
Look, you know what the gray here in the whole deal?
Oh, yeah.
Why is it that there's so many daiki Canadian women?
Really butch.
Macho, macho ladies.
I think maybe because there's so many Canadian dikes.
That might have something to do with it.
736 votes as we press towards 750.
It's been a long time since we've had a goal something to shoot for.
What would happen if George and Neil were on different stations at the same time?
736 votes.
357 say they'd listen to Neil.
Almost half.
I'd switch back and forth depending on my mood.
178.
Who cares as long as George pulls down his 75 grand?
97.
It would be stupid, 50.
I'd listen to George's 37.
And it would make for fun ratings, ratings book day 17.
We don't want to talk about those ratings because we don't have any.
Let me say it again that 0.5.
That's a DA and his buddy.
0.0.
0.0.
Don't you think that's worth a little investigation and how come he gets such a point?
You know what I mean?
Consistently.
Because George and you both have told me he's a good guy.
And he sounds, you know, he sounds, he doesn't sound like somebody literally ex-joc on the air.
Like some of the people I don't want to mention any names, Kimba.
But, you know what I mean?
He sounds like a broadcaster.
Yeah, he's good at that.
So how come nobody will listen to him?
Oh!
Point.
Oh!
Well, you think the signal's bad during the day?
It's not existing at night.
You can't complain about our signal tonight because we don't have one.
Oh, me!
I'm better than the vocalist of the testicles.
The testicles!
Join the N-R-A-Shoot, Jargon, today.
Have yourself them down on Christian fun.
Blow your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
If any, you're right to or not gone.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter when you catch your heater.
And carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
It's the American way to be a member of the N-R-A-Shoot.
Aim for the V. Aim for the chest and always aim for the head.
In case they're having a best, sharpen your skills.
And feel more comfortable.
Be there to defend your right to hold us.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the N-R-A-Shoot.
Oh, I got another one from your buddy, Ron Brewer.
Okay.
And the best news of all is, my paycheck is in a bank.
Oh, man, care about your money.
You're making all that big money.
Yeah, it's in a bank.
Just got the message from Garcia from down there.
Got some...
Wouldn't it be something if we went out with a bunch of good news today?
Yeah.
Well, I can tell you right now that this can't be from Ron Brewer.
Why is that?
Because it's 145. He's napping by now, for sure.
When you hear it, you'll know it's from him.
Okay.
Then they will fear you.
When they know you're getting real...well, at any rate.
Tim and N-R-A-Shoot, your signal is coming in clear now.
This is in downtown Miami.
Wow.
Oh, God.
Oh!
Wow. If somebody could actually hear us, maybe somebody would listen.
All the way down it.
Terrence says, have you guys heard the...
Or played the new George Rodriguez tune a man with no job yet?
Flea has it from KJ. I hope they let you play it.
It's Kelerin. It's great. Why would they not let us play it?
Oh, I don't know. I do have that. He gave it to me on a disc.
Long time station, jock supporter and KJ band member, Terry Bagby.
Maybe we can play it tomorrow.
Yeah. Let's listen to it screened first, because it might have some...
A low KJ doesn't usually put, you know...
...stuff in this. You know what I mean?
I'll be ready for tomorrow.
Have a ready.
Or not.
Here's the one from your buddy, Ron Brewer.
Okay.
By the way, anybody does no Ron Brewer.
He's the Ron from Paul and Ron in the morning on a big young Ron.
Old Ron.
Paul and Old Ron.
How old is Ron?
He's got to be in his 50s.
Old.
Now, as old as me, though, then again nobody is.
His fleet, toast as a Connecticut kid, who comes from money.
True.
He was always a Republican anyway. He's the only one on the show that's the right
winger, so it adds to the show.
I thank you for getting, but we sometimes stayed stuff just to make it a little more funny.
I mean, you did work with us.
Don't know any other fleas on the radio, but I could be wrong.
And by the way, you did sound very condescending when you said,
toast is on with Paul and Ron, but they don't pay much over there.
Is that what you said?
I didn't say that, but okay.
We have 740 votes on the pool, we need 10 more between now and two o'clock to get to 750.
In which case we get to come back tomorrow.
It says, I'm not sure if this is coming from Steve.
He hasn't complained to us if it is.
Paul and I would like to know about it because we actually do care and make sure our
producers are contractually protected.
That's a shot.
Yeah.
That's a shot, not just at me, but at Norma.
We love Steve when we want to lose him, so if this is coming from him, I'd like to know about it.
No, Steve says he's happy there. He likes it.
He's well-payed.
He's well-payed.
Okay, Ron, just relax.
This is like a private conversation back and forth.
I know, just call me.
Between you and your buddies at the big.
But, Flee, don't talk about people salaries on the year.
You're putting yourself in a tough situation with your friends.
Okay, sorry.
Don't do it.
I won't.
And I just, yes.
Yes, warm, Flee.
I just guess, I guess I was really close.
Yeah, what time is this to make?
Talk about people salaries on the year.
I think it's very, it's in poor taste.
Yeah.
Gunfire, in and around the US Holocaust Memorial Museum today, wound at least one person
at DC Fire Department official said.
Allen, out to enter.
The department spokesman said another person was injured, but it wasn't clear whether
that was from the gunfire.
Emergency vehicles converge on the senior of the Capitol Mall.
According to US Park Police spokesman David Schlossel, there's one shooting suspect
and he thinks the person is contained.
Crazy people with guns.
That's the American FM wave.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
This is a great short and sweet and to the point.
A great email from Scott.
Words of wisdom for Jolly Joe.
He says it's not how much you killed QAmen last 10 years, but how much you killed QAmen
last 10 seconds.
I love it.
I love it.
Those are words from Walter Sabo I bet.
It's compelling.
It's really compelling.
So now what are you going to be doing this week when I'm on vacation?
Are you going to be doing some Ding Dong school experience?
Now that he'll be back.
I guess.
Two 15 every year.
Are you cereal?
I don't know if they make me.
What can I say?
What do you mean if they make you?
I thought I was the wimp.
I thought I was supposed to be a cornella bastard.
I was the wimp for not saving George's job, which I really wasn't able to do.
He tried to talk about a wimp.
You'll do basically whatever they tell you, won't you?
Well, my boss is going to tell me I have to go to a meeting.
What do I say?
Your mama.
741 on the pool.
Well, they're trickling in now, 742.
They're pouring in by the ones.
If we don't make 750, boys, it's going to be a real, real shot.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Now this is maybe the most tragic email.
Not the worst, the most pathetic.
Carney says, calls are back.
Hey, Neil, not that the calls are back.
You think it would be okay to have the human resources department here at my job,
according to my references.
I put you on there when I got hired, and they tried many times to get in touch with you at the suck, Neil number.
I'm worried about keeping my job now.
And last week they did something about verifying my relationship with you since you never picked up before.
All you have to do is tell them you read my emails on the ear and then I'm famous in stuff.
He's famous in stuff.
I will owe you forever for this favor.
We'll wash your car or something.
You'll be saving my ass, dude.
Please let me know if they can call.
And when they ask for you, when you play along and just say, carney's a good guy.
Is that pathetic or what?
Beyond pathetic, isn't it?
Yeah.
By the way, on the set it says, Lee for Flea's email.
Like, is that his real name, Lee?
Yeah, that's his name.
Thanks and love you, Flea too.
This is carney.
It's not going to get the job done, try.
Saying thanks and love you.
Oh, I never got to the story about the hunt for the million dollar mattress in the Israeli woman.
Yeah.
Do I have time, yeah, I got time.
Somewhere in an Israeli dump lies a mattress stuff with a million dollars.
An Israeli woman mistakenly threw out a mattress with a million bucks inside,
sending off a frantic search through tons of garbage and a number of Israeli landfill sites.
Israeli media reported two days.
The woman told Army Radio that she bought her elderly mother a new mattress as a surprise Monday throughout the old one,
only to discover that her mother had hidden her life savings inside the mattress.
She was identified only as a nut, a resident of Tel Aviv.
When she went to look for the mattress and already been taken by the garbage man,
she said subsequent searches of three different landfill sites turned up nothing.
The Israeli daily, Yetiot Arunot published a picture of the woman searching through garbage at a dump in southern Israel.
Yitzhak Borzba, the dump manager, told the radio station,
his staff was helping the woman, saying she appeared totally desperate.
She's desperate over here.
He said the mattress was hard to find among the 2500 tons of garbage arriving at the site every day.
He said he increased security at the site to keep would be treasure hunters at bay.
For her part, an outsider could be worse.
People have to take everything in proportion and thank God for the good and the badge, he said.
Yeah, thank God I threw the mattress out with a million dollars in.
Wow.
Talk about shooting people.
My God.
Oh, we got 753 on the pole.
All right. I'm telling you we're ending on a really high note today, baby.
Oh, yeah.
That dandelion bastard with his big stupid mouth and that's two gods.
When he was on this station, you know, why you used to say about him?
He doesn't belong on the year even to say hello.
Or goodbye. Goodbye, maybe, but not hello.
And he still doesn't.
And even the people who like that show would agree with that.
Mm-hmm.
He's two gods.
Talent. No gods.
He used to be the GN there.
Now I know.
Well, everybody that went over there was a big shot.
You don't want to be big shot.
I guess his daddy's got a lot of money like toast.
You think?
Now that's what I heard.
Yeah, that's the rumor.
Daddy got a lot of money.
We got time for one more here.
It says what the hell is the a screaming about the holidays are coming?
What does that mean?
Oh, it's an it's an out of date spot.
Out of date spot on the streaming?
Oh, my God.
You made a mistake.
Yeah, it wasn't me.
I don't do those.
Who's responsible for that?
Traffic.
I thought we didn't have any.
Oh, Neil.
It's day, I'll give my heavy town.
Here's your pierced at 560 WQAM.
All right.
Now 560 WQAM presents the QAM Road Group.
Reef Depot is the rest of the crew visiting hours or 12 to 3PM on Sunday.
For conjugal visits, 4 to 6PM on leap year.
Now, here's Depot and the QAM Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your goals right now.
I'm a little busy picking up this trash here on the side of the road.
You talking to the depot?
Oh, just maintaining a little dignity here.
Hey, that's what everybody loves about you, depot.
Start looking busy.
Here comes this group.
Hey, we ain't running a social club here.
Get back to work.
Get back to work.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll start here.
You missed a candy wrap over here.
Sorry.
You took me?
What are you doing standing around for?
Oh, she's awake.
Well, I am what you're wearing.
I can't stand you like vids, don't you?
Sure.
Grab that hammer and break those rocks to fit.
Start breaking, start breaking.
Do, depot.
Pick up that diaper.
It's got duty here.
Yeah, but I did what?
What?
What?
You know, it seems what we have here is a failure to come here.
Yeah, you took a communique.
All right, nice order too.
Listen up, depot.
Listen up.
Yesterday you may have been a big shot.
But today you're my bitch.
Now look up the road.
Okay.
See any cars coming?
No.
You're a big sportsman, right?
Well, you know it.
Good.
Here.
Never think so, go.
Okay.
Harry.
Test test.
Come on, test.
Oh, look at this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bye, bye, bye.
