The music expressed on the previous program.
I'll tell you what I'm pretty sure right now myself, aren't you?
And you're not referring to those of the music that has been broadcasted.
The King's full, manny, sucked.
It's a thing.
It's a thing.
The biggest names.
The best, Emily.
You're listening to Sport 3D-0516WQAM.
I think it was after all this.
That was quite to us.
The King's.
So here we got four full hours today.
Thanks to the King's.
They stink.
560WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show.
They blow to chunks.
Dile 5670560 in date and broward.
In other counties, call toll free.
You whipped up on Tyree, don't we get to go see Tyree?
Or pound 560 on the air?
And Tyree's going to tee off the 1230.
Oh my god.
His guests or his colleagues.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
Represent those of WQAM management, staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show.
On 560WQAM.
On the other way, did I mention?
Harakite, ding blow.
Harakite, ding blow.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Harakite, ding blow.
Harakite, ding blow.
Let me say it again.
The King's, epping blow.
A watch out of some stairroids.
So he could hit home runs.
We only took them just to help him.
That's not like the guy was all hot.
Hot top on crack.
So don't hurt.
Old they rise.
Chances to be in the hall of fame.
Because there's a, there, drugies who play in the old ballgame.
Wow.
Oh, somebody sends me a whole long story about something at MIA.
That happened a hundred years ago in La Carreta and the Adi, Adi, Adi, Adi.
Do I want to read this?
I mean, is this a bunch of crap?
Says I live about 10 minutes from MIA.
So it's just too convenient.
I've been flying in and out of MIA for almost 30 years.
The worst experience ever had was in 1996.
Back in those days, it was truly the airport from Hill.
Concourse D waiting to pick up a friend waited in line 15 minutes
at the La Carreta restaurant to get a drink.
I was parched.
Finally, I get to the front of the line as the older Cuban lady for a dyed coke.
She knows speak English and she proceeded to ignore me and take the order of some Spanish speakers behind me.
Well, I called her a bitch and were just walked away.
She then proceeded to jump over the counter, run up behind me, and slap me in the ear with a wet bar towel.
I forget my undivided attention.
She proceeded to curse me out in Spanish.
I didn't understand the word she said.
But if she would have had a gun, I would have been a dead man.
What a scene.
I turned red from embarrassment, so I figured she proved her point.
That was the end of it.
Right, wrong.
I guess she ran back to La Carreta and called police.
A lot of 10 minutes later, a police officer walked up to me and asked,
what did you do to that lady?
I told him what happened.
He said, okay, she's out of control.
Was that the end of it?
No.
She was so mad, the officer didn't arrest me.
She started screaming and yelling.
She grabbed a big serving spoon from behind the counter.
It was ready to come after me again.
Mind you, this woman had to be 50 or 60 years old.
Finally, the officer had to take her out of the, to the police car,
sit her in the back seat so she would calm down.
When my friends finally arrived, they asked me,
what the hell happened to you?
Don't ask.
It took me about three years before I went back to MIA.
I hope she's pushing up crab grass today, says Cliff and Kendall.
Wow.
What a long, boring story, Cliff.
Wasn't that long and boring?
Oh, well.
What if you liked it?
No, no, I didn't.
But, uh...
I didn't either.
No, I'm just not too picky these days.
No, I can't afford to be picky at all.
We got four hours to kill.
And, yeah, yesterday, yesterday at 11.30,
what, proceedings to a halt?
I mean, the amount of stuff I got on the emails here,
it's like we vanished from the earth at 11.30 yesterday morning.
I got a couple of complaint emails past 11.30.
Why do you do?
I'm sure.
Here's one, George from Montreal.
Today is his birthday, by the way, Friday 13th.
Happy birthday, George from Montreal.
I would play the happy birthday thing for you, but...
I don't think so.
He says, what the F is going on with your station?
They preempted your show for some stupid college basketball instrument?
What asked Conway that decision?
What could they be thinking about?
I wonder how the numbers compare between the Neil God show
in a stupid college basketball broadcast?
The number of people listening to that game yesterday on this radio station
you could put in a thimble and have room for Joe Bell's fat ass leftover.
Oh, but it's the Canes!
We have a contract with the Canes!
Yes, stick the contract up, Donne shall lay these ass.
I'm happy you guys got the afternoon off.
Well, what about me?
What do I do for the rest of the afternoon?
What am I going to do?
Have you tried masturbation?
Is that pathetic or what?
George from Montreal.
Love you, Neil and George too.
George, this is George, not a fraud from Montreal.
Big deal.
Happy birthday, George, I think.
What am I going to do?
That's pathetic.
I mean, you know, the point is valid.
There's no question about that.
But what am I going to do?
If this show is all you got going on in your life, I have a real...
Yeah, that's the strong suggestion.
Boy your brains out if you can find them.
Stick your gun up your ass and boy your brains out.
My God.
What am I going to do?
What am I going to do?
Do I get another try to love?
Very says. Oh, very jackass.
So he sent me all kinds of useless crap.
I guess this is marginally amusing.
You hear the sirens coming again?
Nope.
Yes.
Wow.
They must be coming to get George from Montreal.
They're going in the wrong direction.
That way, that way.
Former CBS Radio Talker, KSLX LA host Tim Conway,
Jr. and Brown Whitman's new daily to our podcast,
is no longer charging a $5 monthly fee for a subscription.
You want to know why?
Why?
Well, you can be damn sure that nobody wants to pay it.
Women recently launched the podcast and Conway joined the show Tuesday
and after an aborted film engagement at KABC,
where he got canned for saying the effort on the air,
it looked like an idiot.
Real professional broadcaster, man, says the effort on the air
and his board offer producer evidently didn't dump it.
Well, what kind of an operation they got going there at KABC?
I don't know.
Alice Rantell?
How is that possible?
Can you explain it to me?
I don't know.
Explain it.
No.
Can you explain how come the canes stinks so bad?
No.
God blown off.
They didn't just lose.
They never had the lead at any point of the game I was told.
I had a spy report on this.
They lost by 18 points and they were never in no real contender.
They never showed up.
It's like they missed the bust of the arena.
Oh, here come more sirens.
You hear it?
I do.
Wow.
Now, must be something going on.
Something really heavy duty.
The cows have 68 points.
I'll write.
And serious is all the web to 19 cent.
You ready for that?
No.
19 cent.
And all this business about the Jim Kramer and John Stewart and all that crap.
There's nothing new about that.
I've been screaming about CNBC, the gambling channel for years.
And the fact that most of these people belong in jail on there.
There are a bunch of pitchmen.
They're always pitching and hyping and selling because if people stop by and stop and getting ripped off.
Then they're out of business.
Nobody would watch their crap.
If we like it, people stop caring about golf.
The golf channel would go off the air.
Thank God.
Oh, you can't say that.
We got tiger and we got Dural.
Oh, my God.
Give me a break, please.
Boy, there's really something heavy duty going on out there.
Wow.
You hear it?
Yep.
Great time.
I think it's the end of the world.
So what do we got today?
Let's see.
Cain's lost.
They stink.
They absolutely stink.
So at two o'clock we got Orlando at Dural.
Four o'clock mad dog at Dural.
This morning we had Joe Rose at Dural.
If there's anything more boring than golf, I'd like to know what it is.
I'd love to know what it is.
Dolphin tonight at seven.
Well, that's more boring than anything.
D.H.O. 8 to 11 and they've Greg Lackins because it's Friday, 11 o'clock.
I still don't understand why we got to show it 11 o'clock on Friday night and not the rest of the week.
I don't understand that except maybe the guy needs a gig, you know.
Right?
Here's the poll result from yesterday, 921 votes.
When I was a child, the first adult I had to crush on was a teacher, 314.
TV or film star, 188.
I never had a childhood crush on an adult, 123.
Well, that's pathetic.
Neighbor 79, babysitter 68, friends parent 46, family member 34, parents friend 24,
Playboy model 22, clergy member 7.
Now that's bad.
You're going to rot in hell if you had a crush on a clergy member, our clergy's member.
Athlete 4, school bus driver 4, coach 4, doctor or nurse 3 and president 1.
It must have a crush on somebody really hot like Ronnie Reagan, somebody like that.
Wouldn't you think?
I imagine.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Harricite, ing blow!
Show the one you love just how intrusive your love can be this Valentine's Day
with the all new TMZ bouquet.
Hey, honey, honey, baby, sweetheart, over here.
Come here, look over here, honey.
Hey, just call TMZ and live deliverable, okay?
Write enough, face of your loved ones wherever they may be.
Hey, baby, over here.
Hey, you, you, pray today.
I love you.
And if you call today, we'll also include a heart-shaped box of chocolates.
Hey, honey, give my Valentine's Day.
Give it to my Valentine's Day.
Now, it's show the one you love just how annoying you can be on Valentine's Day
with a TMZ bouquet.
Hey, get your hands off me.
I just try to love you.
Good off.
Well, honey, like this, Joe from Toronto says those police sirens are going to young and
shippard for a protest blocking the intersection that is if you live near there,
which I don't.
I don't live anywhere near there.
So these weren't police sirens.
These were like ambulance and fire truck and paramedics.
And like, you know, when there's dying people stuff, I say.
So thanks, Joe, but no, nice try.
Oh, Misha.
Oh, my God.
Misha's got a long thing here.
Really?
Yeah.
Did you measure it?
Misha's got a long one.
Well, I'll print it out.
I just, I can't read the, especially the teeny tiny type.
I could read it, but it just, you know, here's the poll.
149 vote.
The most memorable day in my life was the day my first child was born.
35.
The 911 terrorist attacks.
32.
Kennedy was shot.
20.
I lost my virginity.
18.
Obama was elected.
12.
My memory.
Am shot.
11.
I moved away from Florida.
6.
I got married.
6.
The space shuttle exploded.
6.
I graduated college.
2.
I got divorced.
2.
It snowed in Florida.
1.
Next in Resign 1.
And I, the day I moved to Florida, none.
Out of 155 vote.
I don't remember the day I moved to Florida.
Or the day I got out of Florida.
I don't remember it.
Do you remember those days?
Yeah.
So I didn't get out.
Right.
Oh, I don't remember it.
I got out and then I came back.
Misha says, good to have you back for all four hours.
Then they couldn't move fast enough for me yesterday.
She says, but thank God the Cain's lost.
So I can get you back all day.
You probably hated it.
Yes, I do.
The Cain's suck.
They blow.
They stink.
I got plenty of life says Misha.
Just that you keep me very entertained during my work hours.
So I love the show.
It's something I'm used to.
Did you see John Stuart and Jim Kramer go out at last night?
No, I did not.
I'm not into contrab controversy.
She says, I thought it was interesting.
Maybe it was fabricated, but interesting to say the least.
And Yadi, Yadi, and she goes on.
Bob, Bob.
Anyway, my something is not that these financial idiots have any freaking idea of what's going on.
You might as well put in a slot machine or better yet spit it out on a nice Christiana Ronaldo blow up doll.
Talk about obsessed.
Jesus, God.
Could you please play the call from a Jamaican lady about soccer?
You're saying soccer is sucks.
It was a wild back if you still have it.
No, we don't have it.
Much love from your sister, listen, mate, Misha.
Yeah, play that call from, you know, six years ago from after.
I've got a radio.
God, Misha, get some help.
Get some assistance, honey.
He's too obsessed with Christiana Ronaldo.
Wish I could understand why, but he ain't coming down, honey.
He ain't coming down to see us.
Here's an idiotic, if I ever saw one.
The infamous dolphin mall.
And the email address is, would bind Ludomaniac.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
What is has been your experiences with this mall?
You think it has the finest compilation of women on the planet?
I was able to drop by over this past weekend.
It was blown away by the quality of women, especially the Latinas.
We don't have anything like that in Chicago.
I even hear women who live in Key West will fly into Miami once a month ago shopping there.
What are the pros and cons of the dolphin mall?
The pros and cons.
Wow.
What does that mean?
What kind of a piece of swill we start?
What do we start taking that one apart?
The pros and cons.
What are the pros and cons of the dolphin mall?
I'll tell you one con, it's way the hell down there, so I don't go.
It's indeed county.
Yeah.
Well, you're just, you know, rantai.
I'm just living in Broward and I go to malls that are close to me.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, but they don't have the women there like in the dolphin mall.
Oh, we've been just fine in Broward.
Thank you very much.
Do you?
Yeah, with the women.
You cruising the Broward malls for women?
Is that what I said?
It sounds like it to me.
Sure.
Not just there though.
Underground car fire.
Hope it isn't your car.
Says that my buddy Ken in the Tobacol.
I don't know what he's talking about.
No, it's not my car.
There's no car fires here in my building.
If we had a fire going out of my building.
Oh, look at that.
Here's one. It's not that far away.
Vehicle fire underground.
Wow.
But it's a no.
It's not me.
Well, thanks Ken.
What'd be do?
Oh, here we go.
The Steve Kane radio show.
Now, why do we care about this?
This is like a whole promotional thing for the Mr. Riegos show.
Yeah.
What we just thought.
Oh, and it goes on and on and on.
Delete the media.
We're not here to promote other shows.
Okay, especially people who basically vanished from the public consciousness years ago.
Who are trying just desperately to use this show as a vehicle to give a little publicity.
Not going to work, Steve.
Oh, not going to work.
You and your boyfriends not going to work.
I'd rather sit here and read the Chinese, the, all the chins in the Chinese phone book before I would start reading the crap about Steve O, Steve Reno.
No low contender like the Keynes, like the Keynes, no contest.
You don't exist.
You have vanished.
You don't show up in the ratings.
Your station nobody even knows the call letters.
And you just, you know, wasting our time.
Mark S says, preempting you for basketball was sure worth it.
It's a good thing the University of Miami has such a prestigious academic reputation because there are a GD girl school when it comes to football and basketball.
Oh, wait, they're not a prestigious academic school.
If you've got the money, they'll accept you if you finished in the top.
105% of your high school graduating class.
The University of Miami, their students, alumni, employees, and most importantly, their fans all suck and have no reason to exist.
If they're a pathetic excuse for a campus where to disappear into a giant sinkhole, I didn't know they had a campus.
I mean, I used to do those games. They were marked like standing, but I never was really aware that there was really such a thing as a campus.
Yeah.
If they're pathetic excuse for a campus where to disappear into a giant sinkhole and killed a lot of some human scum associated with that place in a process, I'd stand up and applaud and organize a celebratory conger line going right down Miller Drive.
In conclusion, I hate the University of Miami. Everyone was ever associated with that place except for you.
I wouldn't, uh, something a University of Miami graduate to clean up, oh, hire clean up dog crap into Parker so dumb they'd probably eat it or snort it.
Says, Mark, how do you like that? A real shot at the U of M. You can't spell scum without UM.
The canes blow, by the way. I just thought I mentioned it again. Really? They stink. They suck. They stink.
That was up 56 points. What be do, baby? That was doing it.
All right. So thrilled. This is the Obama bounce that we've been waiting for. That's a real thing from Maria.
Here's one that says I'm also glad that her canes lost. We get to hear you today. I have no life. Did you win a lot of wood buying yesterday? Yes, I did.
The dolphin mall sucks unless you want to hang out in the bathrooms. Oh, that must be what that's all about. Maybe there are other key room toe tap her.
A lot of tea room toe tapers around. Is that like a tea toteler? Yeah, yeah. The tea room toe taper like Larry Craig. Yeah.
Yeah, they're tapping on it. More code Maria B says hello, Mr. Rogers. I sure missed you this afternoon.
I hope you took your time off and supported me by watching the closing bell. I wouldn't watch CNBC if they paid me by the second.
The gambling channel for lunatics and suddenly John Stewart discovered that Jim Kramer is a disgrace that this isn't this isn't all some kind of a big carnival inside show.
People's money jumping up and down and acting like rumpel still skinned about people's money. Only crazy people would listen to Jim Kramer.
Well, this week is one of the great victory for our free market society says Maria are wonderful markets have been up a total of nine percent so far for the week.
The Obama bounces arrived and I'd like to give you some insider information. The dollar rally is temporarily over.
I hope you purchased protection against the dollar. Take notice our stock market rallies. The dollar will weaken against the loony. Have a wonderful weekend regards Maria B.
How do you like that? Maria says the loony is going to off tourists. Let's take a look. Let's see how the loony is doing right now because this was sent yesterday at 6.15 p.m.
So if Maria is ahead of the curve here the loony ought to be in the toilet. I mean now the loony ought to be going up the American dollar ought to be.
That's what she said. The dollar is going in the tanks is Maria. I'm just vamp it. I'm waiting until a thing comes up here and shows me the loony.
What's yesterday was about 78 cent. This thing is puking along and puking along and puking along. Oh my god. When are you going to show us the loony?
What do you want to show us? The loony is going to be 48. Oil 4748. What we do?
They just don't want to show it on BNN. The business news network, the monkey business news network.
Oh 79.01. It went up about a penny. I think Maria has got her. She's on to something. The real Maria B. You don't believe it's the real Maria B. Sure I do. They're all real. They're all real. They're double real.
Even the real one puffed piece about the mystery ego show. Oh my god. You've got to be kidding me.
And by the way, Barry Jackass, the people of soft lured it don't care about Tim White Conway Jr. We don't care about K.A.B.C.
Nobody cares about that stuff. Quit sending me 400 articles. I read the one little blurb there, which is marginally interesting about how they're not charging for the podcast because nobody wants to pay for it.
But then I just on and on with Pandora's boring Schmidt about K.A.B.C. and Tim Conway Jr. Do you think there is anybody in soft lured who cares about that? No, no. Except the fake Barry Jackass, whoever that is.
It's like 12 Friday. You bastards.
The stimulus package on farmer says we need nothing more than pork and more political green saving banks that sank from their bad policy is more than 50 ways to waste our money.
Here's billions for sex. 50 million to fund the art. Cash for green technology. Sounds focused on me. One billion more sentences. Don't make sense to us. You let's philosophy. Yes. Man, you're kidding me.
1030. Let's do a little bowling under radio. I'll rick weaver for many years ago. People probably wouldn't believe that. But because of his gigantic ego, he actually did that. He did bowling on radio and I would do 100 years ago. Rick weaver. Oh, wow. Yeah. Is that anything like golf on radio? Well, I'm thinking bowling on radio might be a little bit more exciting because you can probably hear the ball and the pins colliding. Yeah. It's a little sound effect.
Okay. Or in golf. Yeah. Sweden's Henry extension, who by the way, I'll put the clothes back on made a splash on day one of the WGCCA championships when he stripped out of his underwear on the third hole.
All eyes had been on Tiger Woods as he made a return to stroke play action after nine months away, but a Wisconsin is still to limelight. After the rider cup stars, wayward drive settled on mud at a water has any believed he had a good enough light to hit his way out of trouble.
But what's forced to shed his clothing in the process and there's a picture of him here in his underwear and believe you, he needs to put the clothes back on real fast.
Because of the mud, I couldn't really afford to play in my any of my clothing as they would have been a real mess down the last six or so holes.
I had no option said stenson after finishing on 69 in Florida.
Finishing on 69. What does that mean? I don't know.
I was only wearing two things when I hit the shot my jocks and my golf club. That's the only thing that will appear in the picture aside from the golf club. Just the way God created me shirt, trousers, socks, shoes, hat, the lot was off.
Oh my God. Well, it's got a picture like I said. You don't want to see it. It's not a pretty picture. Gross.
Got the derailleur going on man. It's big. It's not as big as the canes but then again.
Joseph, sorry you didn't get any more time off today. Thanks to the hurray canes. Maybe the hurray canes if are in a golf tournament somewhere with a Sebastian, the Ibus running around the golf course to the tune of soldier boy and Joseph,
the gack, gack, gack, gacky with his all my two bad, the concept of full content golf never materialized beyond the beer commercials from the 90s. Oh well, I'm tuned until two today QA. I'm says Joe and also was it.
Yes, Mikaio said, see you. See you buddy. Yeah, it was. And what about it, Joe? See you. Start to sound a little bit like Mr. Radio. You know what I mean? Oh yeah.
What's your take? Well, how do you recall a back in the 1802? How do we call that first broadcast and the Wow. You know what I mean? That kind of crap. That kind of trivia.
If I'm rambling about, you know, just all over the place. It's because we don't have a lot of emails today and that's because starting at 11 30 yesterday morning, we vanished from the face of the earth.
Oh, look at this. Jimmy Cifalus. I'm requesting a season. Decision you calling me a homosexual on the year. This is simply on true. And if you continue, I've grounds for a deformation case. Your personal attacks are unwarranted.
You keep attacking everybody unchecked. It's about time somebody stands up to you in your bully techniques as your ratings decline. You're becoming more and more desperate. Did I ever say Jimmy a
Sephyllitic was a homosexual? I said Jimmy you're fair. That doesn't mean homosexual. You were just calling him like a tinkerbell like an elf. The like a tinkerbell. I think that's a good description to be
Sephyllitic. Yes. In addition to which I'm talking about Jimmy Cifalus. Is this Jimmy Cifalus emailing me? Oh yeah, it is from Jimmy Cifalus. Okay. Well, in that case, you better, you better get your facts correct Jimmy Cifalus. Nobody ever called you know a homo. All I've heard some stories. But nevertheless, you
better cease and desist George. Now, okay. I'll stop. I'll get the Tony cigarette to testify. Here's one that says publics is building a new store at Mary Brickle Village, which will be a fully urban store with parking on top. It'll be a new concept for them called green wise publics, which will have a sharp focus on organic and health food kind of a rip off of whole foods. It says kind of a rip off whole foods.
How you spelling that H. So Jimmy Cifalus is a little bit P.O. I guess. Hey Jimmy you fair right. If the food fits, bear it. That was up eight points. Oh, look at this. Ricky Tiki Sanchez, who's either Nick Lawrence or a Brian Craig or Mr. Ego himself. Are you on for the battle of the talk host? No, I'm on.
Off. Get a life. It is a pathetic or what? Yeah, what is the golf game start? That's right. Let's play yesterday's game all over again. I think it's a hell of an idea. Capital idea. Let's replay yesterday's fantastic performance by the Kings, the Kings who blow, who suck, who caused us untold grief and service here today. We could be less than an hour away from a vibe today. Yeah.
Had they showed up and competed yesterday, which they did not. We could be less than an hour away from a just zoom on out of here. But we're not. Damn it.
John, a four-lettered, they'll say, sorry, you have to work a full show today. Yes, so are we. But the Kings broadcast yesterday was truly, truly dreadful. Great audience builder. I'm sure for a midday weekday.
Caught a little bit of defo this morning with co-host Leslie Visser. He said one of the places on his list to go was to woodbine. Perhaps we could arrange a woodbine Wednesday with defo. Nope, we will not arrange any day with defo anywhere.
Also, with the real Greg BDL, I assume does some spots on 640 WFTL. Well, that tells you it's probably me for his Greg BDL.
Probably the two of them are in co-hutes. When you think sure makes sense to the match made in heaven. Couple of losers. If ever there were any losers. Oh, sorry, Jimmy. Jimmy get upset about that. You pick on everybody. You're such a bully. Yeah.
Get a life, sweetheart. This goes says don't come to the dolphin mall. The majority of the stores are outlets. So they're stocked with outdated clothes that are cheap. They counter the price by having terrible return exchange policies.
Meaning if you bought it, you're stuck with it. The rain much else there except what is it? Something they Brazil? It's chopped off. Not that good either. And that's synabis to a theater overpriced. If you're going to come down south or anything, come for never mind. Schmidt, why do I live here? He can't think of anything to come down there for.
Yeah, but it's brick. Oh, man, it's all happening on brick. If Neil just saw bring changes, whole altitude. I don't care about brick. How do you like that? You want to live on brick? No, thanks. You care about it. Not really. No. You're going to zip down there and take a look and see all the big condos and money people. I drive by him every once in a while. I see that they're still there. Yeah. You drive by to see if they're still there. No, no, I drive by and I see that they drive by my way to the parallel.
They're laid off all those people. Boy, things are really off tourists. Things are really bad in the newspaper business and the radio business and the TV business and the auto business and monkey business and Bernie made off his going away to jail.
That a fry his ass right on national TV. And they ought to let all the people who got ripped off by him except for Larry come and get put their hand on the switch.
Maybe just with him with a switch like the olden days, you know. What is a switch? Don't you know? I mean, I do know.
It's like a like a bush branch like a switch. Right. That's right. A bush branch for which to switch the kids with. That's what they ought to do is have a.
Like Saudi Arabians, all those barbarians over there like a million lashes. That would that would be the way and televised it. Okay.
So and put your cream around there and give him a few lashes while you're at it too. Well, how come I got Maria B's email on here twice?
I guess. I guess look out the blue is going up and the dollar is going down. That's bad. Maria. I can't afford that. You better do something about it. The. That was up only 14 points.
Our better times ahead. They're peddling on CNN. Better times ahead. Half B days are here again. Oh, yeah. Let's all sing it.
Like Al Smith and we're Al Smith. Sure. Here's one that says the choices on the polar excellent. I have lived through many of them.
The day GFK was shot. I was in Spanish class at Crowgables high school. For instance, I believe the most memorable day though was my return home from Vietnam in 69.
I flew from a C-TAC to Miami was treated okay on the flight. I had a via first class ticket to ensure I got a seat was treated as a murderer in the airports and was not overly proud of my countrymen after what I had spent the past 13 months ostensibly doing for my country.
Oh, well, the past 40 years have been good to me and my family. So all's good says Jim in the red lines. Okay, Jim. Well, that's good. All is good. All is good.
And here's a link from Barry Jackass is if I don't have the story about Anna Nicole and her boyfriend and Howard Stern has already got a very get a freaking life.
Very. You idiot.
I love you.
You.
Genetic design can do so many wonderful things like a birding life threatening diseases in children and now it can do so much more.
Copier child become the best taken the designer children dot com. I can't wait until my precious dog hits pure beauty and realizes we engineered him a 14 answer.
You've got to love it. Thanks designer children dot com. We wanted our daughter to be famous and set the life on government assistance.
So we paid to give her a giant wound because let's face it eight babies is so 15 minutes ago after a random chimpanzee malling our first son lost both his arms.
But his disability made him a successful motivational speaker. Of course we wanted our next child to have the same opportunity.
So we genetically designed him to have sympathy stumps. Thanks designer children dot com give your children a life you wish to have for yourself.
I have 14 answers.
A designer children dot com.
So the toe tapers that move from the Westland model the dolphin mall that's what this goes to really.
That's what he said.
I guess in so many words toe tap in T room.
John D and Hi aliases did someone mentioned DFO.
Oh my god. Every time I hear that name I think of that bit you guys have him having to pay back for his crimes against the seminal tribe.
Please play that bit have a great weekend says John D and I don't know what he's talking about.
Do you know what bit? Nope. I don't know. We got the chain gang one there but that's not I don't know.
Leave DFO alone. Leave him alone.
What what is that thing called? That thing that person the thing about no leave Brittany alone. What what is that?
I don't know. Leave. No.
Brittany in Paris Brittany music Brittany a mommy Brittany drops the baby Brittany a feet gum.
Brittany has a baby Brittany in Sanity Brittany a preggers Brittany saw your crotch Brittany sex tape.
Brittany sheers salon Brittany sings nanny Brittany spears Brittany vommets Brittany's injury Brittany in Kevin.
Brittany's a hot lady got eight minutes Brittany's crotch again.
A lot of bits about Brittany's crotch Brittany lezzie Brittany on your face Brittany paparazzi Brittany in Paris Brittany rehab.
I don't know what it is. That's one of those that maybe lost in there will never find it again.
Leave Brittany alone. I used to be able to find it in a half a second.
And you forgot what it's under. Right? What's the matter from you man? I don't think I ever had it though.
You didn't I'm I hadn't here because I know I played it. Don't you remember you used to play? Yeah.
Leave Brittany alone. Oh well.
Someday I'll be scrolling through there looking for something else and it'll be oh whatever it's under.
And I think going that timely not that was up 61 points. The Obama bounce is in progress Maria's right.
Maria you're just like all the other ones man. You're always peddling. You're always always you're still peddling.
You know something we're also very not interested in Dan La Bastard promoting those clowns across the street.
Save it. You can send it a hundred times. I'm not reading it. Same old tired garbage. This fake Barry Jackass.
He needs to be taken out with Mr. Radio and shot.
And he's definitely across the street. Make no mistake about it.
What would they do over there all day? Oh, this is it. You're you're you're reading it. You see this is their new pastime is emailing crap to the show.
Under all of his all the fake Barry Jackass is over there and the fake Greg Vudell no doubt to although I think he's defos boyfriend.
Maybe he's Jimmy's syphilitex boyfriend. Oh, don't be saying I'm a fairy. Yeah, right.
I personally think you're a torque Jimmy a torque. Oh speaking of that topic.
Somebody just emailed me this New York Roman Catholic diocese and religious order saw rise in molestation claims against the clergy last year.
I thought they had that out cleaned up. Oh, yeah, right. I thought they weren't going to be doing that no more.
Uh huh. Nearly all the intermediate cases involved adults who said they've been abused as children decades ago.
Oh, I see. Church leaders paid less than settlements attorney fees and other abuse related costs.
Still the amount reached just over $436 million bringing the total payouts for abuse to more than $2.6 billion since 1950.
The Catholic Church has paid out more than $2.6 billion because of child molesting priests and people are starving.
People are in the soup kitchens around the bread lines. People have no job. They got no money. They got no nothing.
And the church is spending billions to shut up all these people because there are a bunch of perverts and believe me, I know pervert.
The stats are part of an annual review of child safety and American dioceses and religious orders that's mandated by the US Conference of Catholic Bishops.
The report is said to be released today and the AP is obtained a copy a and P every shop at the N P. What about law laws?
No. What about Veckeys, IGA as part of the review. The author just found that all but one of the dioceses they evaluated had fully implemented the bishops child protection policies by the end of the year.
The safeguards include background checks for employees and volunteers, safe environment training for children and discipline plan for offenders.
They remove them from any public church work.
Dioceses increased their spending on safety programs to a whopping $23 million in 2008.
Wow. The non-compliant diocese was Tulsa Oklahoma, which did not complete a training for children.
Who cares about kids in Tulsa Oklahoma anyway, right?
Right. You care about Tulsa Oklahoma?
No.
A bunch of mugwumps. By the way, is it under Chris Crocker? Eric suggested since that's the name. Crocker.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Chris Rock, Crocker. What about under Crocker? You think it'll be under Crocker? Alta Crocker? No.
Nice try, Eric. Thanks. I don't know what it could be under.
I don't know. Well, that's going to be our thing for the day, our project.
Although we do have the horse thing today, the horsey thing, the pony.
Right. Nick is our contestant today and we're, I'm picking the seven horse in the second race of Gulf Stream today.
Five afternoons. Although I'm a little bit nervous about it now because I noticed after I do my picks, I do my handicapping first.
I pick my selection and then I look to see what Ron Nicoletti, the handicapper, Gulf Stream picked.
He picked the same horse. Oh, now I'm very, my confidence is low. I'm not saying he's a bad handicapper, but he's, I don't know.
I don't know. Confidence is, we'll see. These are maidens, by the way. Yeah.
And there's a couple of five year old maidens and they're maiden claiming cheap, cheap, cheap.
We got a field of nine. I'm picking the seven horse in the second race. I could, I could change my mind between now one forty four.
If anybody out there's got any reason for me to change my mind, maybe somebody's got a hot tip from Gulf Stream. Do you think?
Maybe. No. Maybe they'll let me. Yeah, email it. Neil at NeilRogers.com. Let's go. Well, by the way, thanks to a flea, forgetting Josh Cortisoff,
his ass, and for straightening out that email link on the QM website. All these years, they've had the, uh, link on there that doesn't exist. It doesn't work.
And probably millions of people trying to email me off the QM website. I never got one of them because it wasn't the correct link. Now it's the correct link. I think.
And that's because Lee sent an email, urgent email out. See Lee is a good guy. He gets stuff done. He doesn't just sit on his ass like clearance.
We're in about ball games. Oh, it's the Kings. The Kings playing again. The King though. Kings are not playing again. The Kings suck. They stink. They wreak. They blow. They bite.
They make me want to upchuck. Anyway, despite the high marks for diocese, auditor did find some need for improvement with the choice.
Investigators said they could not easily find contact information for the lay review boards in some regions. Catch that the phrase lay review boards. Yeah, the panels are supposed to be sponge to abuse claims.
Investigators also said many church administrators need to increase contact with police and other outside of the thirties when evaluating cases.
Unfortunately, many dioceses are conducting investigations themselves without also making a report to civil authorities auditor said advocates for victims have repeatedly urged them to make their first report to the police not the church. The police not the church.
Here's an email. Kelly, they keep the drug prices low and ship right to your door. Well, that's good. It's more vibrancy. Alice crap. Get off of my damn blackberry. You idiot. You maniacs. You pill pushers.
You penis peddlers. The diocese of Lincoln, Nebraska is that has in previous years refused to participate in the audit. Fish and Fabian Bruce, Bruce, Bruce, Bruce, go.
Here's another one. Kelly, somebody. They keep on more of this crap. They keep the drug prices low. I'm getting bombarded now. I'm getting like an email of flurry. Wow.
Well, Bishop Fabian Bruce, who said the evaluation wouldn't place into context. The large number of priests who were not abusive. Oh, I see. It's like all the dogs that didn't get the puppies that didn't get lost today.
Separately five epa, keys. Now what is that? Epa key? I don't know. Regional districts for parishes that follow the Eastern right also refuse the review.
The reports from the bishops are part of the reforms they enacted in 2002 without a head of the scandal, which began with a case of one predatory priest in the art studies of Boston and spread throughout the US and beyond thousands of clergy have been accused since 1950. Thousands. Hey, father, what's that you got in your mouth, father?
Don't look like a parogi to me. The number of abuse claims in 2000 increased by 16% over 2007 when 691 claims were made. Similar to past years more than 80% of the clergy accused in 2008 are dead, missing a robbery out of public ministry or the priesthood altogether. However, 40% of those accused last year had never been named in previous abuse cases and a lot of them are hanging out at the that mall.
What's that mall? The dolphin mall? The dolphin mall. That's right. By the way, did I mention the cane suck? Following a pattern that researchers discovered in previous studies, most of the people who came forward last year were men and more than half said they were between the ages of something in 14 when they were molested. It's chopped off. Only 30% of the new claims came to attorneys.
Auditors conducted on-site evaluations in a third of the diocese while the rest compiled data that was evaluated off site. The bishops are rotating which diocese receive an on-site review so that each diocese is visited every three years to see who's doing who and who's dealing which kids, etc.
And who's doing the best work of altering boys?
Oh, this is the Neal Rancher show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you Stay No One, Be sharks and
you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you Sun is the
future, you, you, and you, you, and you, and my distribution always.
200 meter individual medley
The stone you win the 100 meter butterfly
And the stone you win the four by 100 meter medley relay
There's only one way to win eight goals
Every swimmer must get
That was up 25 points the sunny shining the birds are a dump and everything is great man in the sunshine state
But better you than me though. Oh, here's another one from your friend Jimmy and I you know I don't know
I don't know how I know it's the real Jimmy the Jimmy what
Jimmy syphilis at gmail.com. Okay. I mean would anybody make up an email like that. Yes
Subject WQM to lose dolphins question mark. I guess this is maybe this the real Jimmy in anticipation of his losing the broadcast job on the dolphins
Which is what I'm hearing all over the place
Get his lame ass out of there and get like a real broadcaster in there instead of just another dumb ex-jock
Jesus God how many ex-jocks can we fill in the same booth at the same time?
Jesus God Jimmy
I'll be at a meeting with Stephen Ross David Murphy very butel Neil golf is at the dolphins on Monday
The organization is concerned with its relationship with WQM because of the weak signal and the content of your show
There's been some speculation that the organization will request to be moved to one of beastly broadcast groups FM stations
Bruce Beasley and Brian Beasley are requested to attend. I will be sure to get their ears is Jimmy Jimmy syphilis at gmail.com
He's gonna get their rear
Trying to obfuscate the fact that your ass is on the line Jimmy. They want a real broadcaster in there not somebody
Oh, he gives the ball to number 83. You know, I don't know where he's going
You know what's going on? He's running with a ball real fast and
Brian says your audio clips on the WQM site. Don't work. Can you ask lead look into this? Thanks
Your audio clips on the QM site don't work since when since when I don't know
On the QAM site. Yeah
It was something for me for free. Yeah, what do we do with the QAM site nothing?
They finally got the damn link to the email thing straight enough finally after a hundred years and now this is Brian
Wants us to let leave flee alone. Please got the issues. You know, he's got a lot of stuff to work on now that clearances are getting married
I
Still can't believe that I mean the beast that was enough that was enough of a shocker
But the fact that clearance is actually getting married to a female
That is truly
scandalous and it
A little bit yet
267 votes on the poll 911 63 votes my first child was born 58
They Kennedy was shot only 31 and that goes downhill real fast
small potatoes after that
Here's one here's a real fake
Email Neil I did not enjoy your constant picking on Jimmy C and Greg V
Referring to them as homosexuals, which I can tell you that they're not what did I ever say Greg? You know was a
Fagala whenever say that I don't know
They're standing there they're upstanding people who are loved by many stopping a bitter old man and start enjoying life
praying for you and sunny soft Florida God bless Paul
God bless. Oh, it's red skeleton again God bless
Man killed girlfriend and fight over beer and try to have sex with her corpse for a lot of the police say well
Maybe I'll get to that maybe not oh that that's a boring
Deer Neil George knows where the sound bite Lee Brindney alone is he doesn't care anymore. He's pony expressing it in
Get his spirits up by a decent car. You won't regret it
The kindness in that gesture will bring a glow on you not even Paco could resist
You can hear it in his voice. He's hurt Joe Bell's broken promise was the straw that broke the humans back
Was that the straw that broke your back?
Yeah, yeah, that's it. Joe Bell's broken promise. Yeah, that's it. I'm crying and crying. Oh
Jesus by Georgia car get ready. You see nobody nobody knows what that it is
I know it's not under Brittany
Is it under YouTube Chris Crocker leave Brittany? What was the one before leave Brittany YouTube leave Brittany Chris Crocker? No
Altacrocker
Boy, this is a this is a mystery for the ages
Scott Peterson fan club. I got a good idea. This will kill some really good time and be very entertaining and cap
Oh, what's the word mr. Radio likes to use cap to captivating. What is it cap tovating? No
No compelling compelling that very good you made up for something compelling radio
Is will just go down the hold all the titles on the DCS of every everything it's in there
We ought to be done by what 2025 there you go
Sammy Smith song Sanchez board game
Sanchez snatches needle. What's that? I don't know. Hello again everybody. This is Rick snatch house here in the channel
Saturday's room here are some of the stories
Wow
Well, I don't know if we can play that you know might have something might say damn or something in there
Leave Brittany alone
I mean what what could possibly be under
There's the Terry Shivow stuff. There's the long song. We sure sell can't play that no
But for a long time now shorts radio Q. I. M. Or is that sparts?
This is shorts radio 560 Q. A. M.
Well, how come we never play that I like that shorts radio that's back when we hit all the Jews working before Joe Bell blew them all out
Just a coincidence you understand that most of the people I got canned were Jews
And are you telling me that the screaming Carlos got canned also yes
And why was that another budget budgetary cut sure? Well, we're gonna be moving into you know
The same building they already have receptionists over there. So I guess they're you know trimming the staff now
I see
Well, when's that gonna happen and let me ask you this
If you're gonna be in this little tiny room all by yourself
When you do the show how is somebody else gonna be working with you? Well, uh, uh, I'm gonna be like
Micronary and I'm gonna run my own board and they're gonna sit there and do nothing in front of a microphone
And maybe they'll help with the audio vault and maybe they won't be able to at all, but you know, what are you gonna do?
Oh
There's really no other way I mean yeah
fair
Yeah, let's see it baby
Yeah, I'm just going down here later. That's fine. That's salon
What salon used to work here salon yeah, she was a Turk wouldn't wear any clothes, which was great. It was a Turk. Oh, yeah
What the hell does that mean? Oh Lisa Campbell remember her hey baby? I'm gonna use you as a sex toy wow
She delivered that in such a Newsy way, you know, not in a sexual way, but like in a Newsy way
Shark attack sharks in the water sharks in the water I
Know it how do you like that? What a memory huh? Yeah?
Yeah, big deal Sharon Stone's crotch. What is that?
First she said well, well we better not play I'll tell you what it is yeah hot
Well not not so much anymore not anymore Luke warm. Oh
Here's when we haven't played in a long time she died I
Mean I'm looking under S because I just I just have a feeling it's under S
I don't know why in fact what we can do is each day we can do a different letter
Yeah talk about mailing it in that's a great idea. I think it is each day
We can do a different letter of the alphabet and look for a
Little sure it's still out there online if you want to you know, I don't want to do that. That's cheating. I know it's already in here
You know how this baby works. It's already in there. What's it's in there? Oh, here's one for the ages
It's your buddy Josh
See him yeah short and sweet right to the point. I gotta send him a check one of these days
For work past done. I don't know
Maybe I will and maybe I won't times again tough man everybody's out of out of money out of work
Nobody's got two dimes to rub together used to be two nickels to rub together
Silent fart or we can play that doesn't have any fart sounds in it
What are sure are a lot of bits in here under S?
Other than Z and X there probably are well Q there wouldn't be that many under Q except for Q. I.m
Every letter is loaded up and I'm probably gonna go right by it anyway. There's sister gene the dance of machine and
There's sister Mary Mandage
Oh, there's farts in there. I'm sure
When you think and he would determine well, he he'd used to do them on the phone
Right, I would play sound effects while he was singing right and the course they usually were fart sounds. Oh
No, you better not do that Neil. Okay. We won't
You can be damn sure we won't just keep those paychecks coming Jolly Joe
Until Greg mute L comes to town and takes over the midday show. That's what I'm hearing that's the rumor
I'm starting oh look what I found I never even I had that
Wow that is shocking
Never up till this moment see this is a worthwhile exercise
It's probably not captivating radio or even cyntillating or what's the other word compelling compelling
Yeah, I'm telling radio. I think it is mr. Radio would say smelly bitch. Yeah, that's mr. Radio. Who is that?
smelly bitch
Chris Baker it is I think so
Smelly bitch smelly bitch smelly bitch wow
That's my guess I could be wrong. I
Don't remember his voice. I remember he was really bad on here
Really bad I
Mean really really bad I
Had a dream that we were putting the crow back on here
Wow, what a dream the crueh, huh? You had a dream
I had a dream last night that the crow was doing a two to four
How there anyone out there make
After all she's been through
She lost her a it she went through a divorce
She had to
Her husband turned out to be a
User a cheater and now she's going through a custody battle all you people care about is
Readers and making money out of her
Her song is called give me more for a reason because all you people want is more more more more more
Live alone
You're lucky she even performed for you
When is it professional to publicly bash someone who's going through our time
Leave Britney spurs alone right now
I mean it
Anyone who has a problem with her you deal with me
Yeah, that's a hell of a challenge. It's under crazed Britney fan
crazed
You got it. I'm right here. Oh well how come you're not saying anything. I'm excited. I'm velling what a clown
Asked what an ass clown my god
After all the crap that we went through to find a plan and you're like a non-committal man. You're like comatose here
What was it finally under create well, you wouldn't even pay any attention
I think all those people ripping you an ass. I think they got a point. It was under crazed Britney fan. I just got you saying that
Why wasn't paying any attention. What were you doing talking to a girl?
I just ran back in here the girl from traffic. There were two yellow spots over here. I just got set back down two yellow spots when the
Means out of date
Yeah, the tiger director was out of date. I had to go run over there and see if it was okay to play
Yeah, and and it's okay to play. Oh
Crazed Britney fan. Are you picking on the tiger again? No, 30 is T off time at deraille the tiger tiger. Oh my god
Talk about I have no life that's the epitome of it is the the tiger crowd the go the golf crowd and especially the tiger crowd
Is there anybody else playing in the tournament? Oh?
That was up one point
Dollar and three cents
Quiet be quiet be quiet. You had your time. It's all you're done
You're done now. You're not a free world. There's called professionalism. There's no ethics
Okay, you know, like we're an actor you're acting now if you had morals
Why did you set up all these companies to try to ditch it? What's the moral about that? Yeah?
Hulk Hogan man, I bet you that the Bubba loves bunch is just whipped up into a frenzy that Hulk Hogan's in the news now, huh?
When you say I imagine
We get no feedback on that Bubba loves fun show none and and the Paul and ancient Ron kicked his ass in the last trend
They just demolished him
He was gonna come into this market and just blow everybody away well. He blew all right just like the Cain's blow
That performance by them yesterday was criminal. It was so bad
Don't you think?
Quit picking on Jimmy civil as quickly as below
It won't be picking on Jimmy when he's on the verge of getting canned as the voice of the dolphins
If anybody's got a right to be pissed off
It's this station the fact that he's over there on the enemy
He's doing the dolphin games on this station and he's over there on the enemy across the street or down the road or wherever the hell
They are and doing a fascist morning show on IOD
These people of beastly they probably kick his ass if they really were such a meeting which I'm sure there is not
When you get an email from Jimmy syphilis at gmail.com. I'm telling you all the emails we get from Gmail are all from the same person
Probably normal human beings don't have Gmail addresses
I'm not saying there aren't a lot of people use Gmail
But but people that we would be you know like a celebrity kind of people. They don't do Gmail you do Gmail
I haven't account, but I don't use it. Why do Gmail? No, oh gee mail
Here's one that really really hurts
not
Oh, wait a minute might be something really important Kelly a Gary again Morse the sea Alice and Vagrant go away
Get off my blackberry
Lunatics they they're in a feeding frenzy today
That's a third one in 25 minutes
What are we gonna do about that somebody needs to kill the the spammers?
Yeah, I'd love to get back to this very cost to email the turning point for your show is when you started doing your show from Toronto
The dead winter is stifled your creativity attorney window a bore
It's the bright blue sky the bright green plant life the bright sunshine and the aqua waters that gets the creative juices flowing
Which you have none of in the dead northern winter?
Well it's interesting because I got a window here and I'm looking outside that's the bright blue sky as opposed to being in that studio
It is no no window and no contact with all these things he's talking about just keep trying to convince yourself
No, you keep trying to convince yourself of these things because the fact of the matter is the checks show up twice a month on time
And usually a little bit early so you keep trying to convince yourself that there's some big problem here
Well, what's your other aim? Oh, you're wrong. Yeah, you lost it. That was the turning point. Yeah
The sound of just insane jealousy somebody stuck in that outdoor toilet
Brian is back again Brian who won't stop whining about
What this time?
Sorry, didn't mean to come across as another South Florida, Malik and then when you're sure doing especially by following this thing up
It just seems that Lee seems like Mr. Fix it at the station the audio clips are on the WQM website not the great near Rogers calm question for you
Why do you call the PD clearance? I thought his name was Josh Darrow living a life of quiet despair Brian
That's a hankism the Humper
The Humper invented a clearance Darrow that was right. Yeah, Josh Darrow clearance Darrow
Jesus don't tell me this bitch is back again. Yeah again. Wow
Just just relentless with his crap
Soft Seattle's oh, I don't know. I don't get it. I don't get that far just delete it right away. Okay good
Living a life of quiet despair. I thought his name was Josh Darrow
Brian you're an idiot
This go away leave me leave me alone. Wow. Yeah, exactly. This is what's out there, baby. This is what's out there in the great
Great beyond
Chris says Neil have been with you in the bird and George forever you said the other day something that I said a while ago back to my friends that the show is slowed down
Nothing like the old days anyway. I have nothing more. Well, that's good. That's a real positive thing
Thanks Chris for taking the time same old same old blowing out your ass Chris
Did I see the other day the show is slowed down?
No, I'm not even gonna do if I'm not gonna waste my time with that
If you like it here, it is free. If not bye bye go away if you had a dime for all the things that you said the people said you said
You're me or anybody else. Oh
Here's one from Gus Gmail is the best great. Well, you use it. I don't need any more email addresses. Okay Gus Gmail is the best
Like I said real people don't use Gmail Gus
291 votes on the poll the most memorable day in my lifetime was the day of the 911 terrorist attack 69 my first child was born 61 Kennedy was shot 33
I lost my virginity 27 my memory am shot 22 my shellac am shot and my memory too
Obama was elected 18 the space shuttle exploded 16. I got married 15
I moved away from Florida 12
Barack Obama was inaugurated 6. I had snowed in Florida 5. I got to voice 3. I graduated college 2
I moved to Florida 1 and Nixon resigned Solamente Uno
one
Uh-oh about Blackberry spam it says I used to get Blackberry spam all I had to do was go to my email account connected to my Blackberry and marked those same emails as spam
Don't delete them from your Blackberry directly or else you won't be able to delete them via internet later on they should stop after that
Oh, yeah, they really stop as if I don't do that. I don't mark them as junk
Does it work? I don't know
There must be like 2 million people sitting somewhere in India sending out these spam emails
Cialis and via gira and viagra and soft cialis and hard cialis and lukewarm
I see Alice
If you trended already sorry. I'm a loser a hole get a life whatever it says. Okay. Well, you got a lot of company out there
Oh, the fake Steve Rondon arrow is back. He's boring
Already sent this one before. Yeah, not interested
Nobody knows who you are nobody cares especially me
It's Friday you bastard
To
I'm trying
The
Joe
The sports and the news and the weather
It's always angled for a sunny version
Shooting out
You and Wicked, such are what we're missing and for
The baby never needs a better word
But all you'll ever see on the TV on the Billboard
It's a coast or the sports or the weather
It's always angled for a sunny version
Josie got got got got got got got
He's a out of no by now
No one ever listens to that other crap
It's the talent that keeps the plays running
And you've got all they're gonna tell
The talent is losing out
And the estate is losing out
And I
Yeah
Shooting out
I'm shooting out right now
Since you won't take your auto, Neil
It's just ain't the same
You don't have the sunshine and the birds
And the pigeon droppings
Can't see the outside like you can't get inspired by all the sunshine and stuff
I'm sitting here looking at a beautiful bright sunny sky
And not a cloudless guy
Yeah
Case checker no was taking notes that I was down three points by the way three and a half points
Case so Paulie's taking notes it's minus five
But it's gonna be plus one before the end of the day
And six tomorrow and eight on Sunday and seven on Monday
Celsius
Another exciting
Sprung Sprung Sprung is coming
The trees are gonna be budding and the black squirrels are gonna be hopping all around
And taking big dumps on my patio
What's wrong with that nothing
No since you went to Toronto that was the turning point
No the checks keep coming
Turning point was when Jolly Jo Bell sat his fat ass in that chair
And destroyed everything in his wake
Everything he's touched turned to instant process Schmidt
One thing about him you can say and this is for damn sure
He may not be good but at least he's consistent
Yeah
Today is March of Friday the 13th by the way
Probably not a good day to go gamble
Nope
That was down ten points
Well would you think Friday the 13th
Maybe it's an unlucky day for the people who run woodbun
Maybe I'm gonna win like it
Two million dollars in the progressive jackpot
Maybe the crackpot will win the jackpot what you think
Let's hope
Don't forget at the 144 we got the picked up pony deal at the Gulf Stream
The Georgia's not there today so it lacks the you know that atmosphere that we have
Right right there
What a all that noise in the background and stuff that it's just as a certain ambiance
We do what we can then
Five afternoons with the Kendrick Castillo who the hell is that jockey
That's the only concern I have who the hell is Kendrick Castillo
He's had three oh my god he hasn't this is his first mouth of the year
And last year he had three rides and didn't win any of them
Kendrick Castillo who that hmm
Something really stinks in Denmark who leo castillo's on the eight
Who also did not ride last year in his 0 for 17 this year wow
I wonder if they're kind of a Roberto Castillo junior but he was sure a good looking kid
Whoo
So her her Roberto Castillo junior
Hank and I interviewed him one time when we're out there a caller and Hank had the double for about
About like what you cashed you know two weeks ago about ten bucks
Hank was out there touting I had the double I had the double
So did everybody else in the joint hair that was funny but you know gamblers they're always touting how yo
Always is a big day every day is a big day if every day is a big day why would anybody work especially in these times huh
Right we all go sit in front of a machine
I had a really good day yesterday I hate to say that in fact lately I don't know what it is
I've been on a real run I got the runs in fact no was that yesterday morning or the morning before
Oh I didn't just have the runs I had the heebie Gb's
Wow that's the Jewish runs the heebie Gb's
I say man
I'm I'm serious I was racing into that magic room and I don't know why I was using the big
T-room because I got a small one right over here the guest T-room
That Paco uses I don't want to be a sitin on that thing
Really
Here's a pull idea from Leona what will George do when he'll retire I've got about a hundred pulls by the way in my thing
What will George do sell empananas on 8th Street sell weed become a professional roller skater and have a show on 560 QM or kill himself
Why don't think George is going to kill himself
No not over that
Hulk Hogan's tirade caught on tape from very jackass I don't care about that leave that for a Bubba
Okay leave all the Hulk Hogan stuff for Bubba very much O'Lindows says I'm wishing you
Enjoyed your very lucky weekend your hot boy in Miami. Yeah not even Luke warm about his hot as a months of ball
And probably about his sharp is one too
Oh the fake table of mod says oh it's a link
Says I fart a lot I fart a lot at gmail.com is sent you a news article while I don't do links
Oh look at this this is good I'm insulted that you think no one knows who I am I was dominating the ratings of the photo for years
There would be no WSV and a rich Sanchez Sally Fitz so I'm sure after you read this compelling email I'll be vanished like you did Mr. Radio
So I guess I'll stop the email and join the North Carolina weather sir take care of me their good ratings be with you Steve Rondon Arrow
P.I. Still hope you can make the reunion picnic April 8th. I can't make the reunion picnic to do I everyone to hear from you again
Fakes Steve Rondon Arrow nobody knows who you are nobody remembers you you're boring boring just like most of your other fake emails boring
Mr. Radio boring ponderous et cetera
Oh yeah it's fuck twat Friday you bastards
Oh
I'll be helping you today hey
Will you please be having a bluestner be a G we are having a sailor cameras are a G we have had about many flavors
I'm afraid that is not
Be said
I'm okay I'm telling you everything
I'm sorry for the time I think you guys are destroyed with a women in bags
It is only because they spend so bad you can play the group reactions of a group of weird or drinker we wait like our food
I can't excuse for being a part of me
Ragged I should have up my beard with my face clean
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
If you're too excused in I'm ready she's ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
Ragged
17 to noon at 5.60 WQM we got the big Oat deral at 2 o'clock. Oh Tiger's gonna be teeing off in 40 or 7 minutes
Aren't you excited and the pressure getting to you?
Yeah but not about that
You better get your priority straight now mister you work on the way in
We're a golf intensive station
We're in the balls baby
Yeah I know
Tennis balls, baseballs, golf balls, hockey balls
If it's balls they like them here
So anyway Kendrick Castillo he eroded Thistle down
I did a little research during the break
Okay
I don't know how many races he ever won but I can't find too much on him
He's riding the seven horse that I picked five afternoons this afternoon's at Gulfstream
Dropping down from a 25 made in claimer to 15 taking a big drop down after a layoff but some pretty good works
Taking a big drop
Yeah
Has got by far in a way the best speed ratings in a race and I mean there's not that much to like about any of these horses in here
These are maidens
Yeah, and he's a five year old maiden he's only had three races lifetime
That's that's not too promising five year old that's only race three times
Though with good speed ratings and this is only a five and a half for a long event
After which some of these may be on the ground
Oh geez don't say that
Here's the fake fake Jimmy syphilis
I'm going to tell you that's how desperate the audience is when they start have to imitate fake e-mailers
From Joe Howard at the some email thing and the sign Jimmy syphilis
Subject from the desk of Jimmy Cephalo
Neil if you don't stop I'll have no choice but to spoon my boyfriend Danny for comfort in the wine cellar
Spoon
You can tell that Joe is an old old nobody says spoon anymore
Am I right?
Right
They might say knife and folk but they sure don't say spoon
So I don't want to hear anything about Jimmy and Danny but seriously Neil if I lose my job doing the dolphin games
Maybe I could record some promos for you like oh boy. It's the one to two hour or love your show. Neil love you love you
Jimmy syphilis PSM not gay well. Thank God for that we don't want no flyboy doing the dolphin games
We don't know one of Fagalosoda
Oh here's one great way to you who it's from
Hey Neil today is my first time listening to your show and I must say you have a wonderful show you keep me laughing most of the times
I will listen to your show religiously from now on I do have a few complaints
Not a lot just a few sometimes you have a few corny jokes that's not really funny
I don't know what it'll offer scratch my nuts
The idiot that you have with you really irritate me his voice is annoying please get rid of him as soon as possible because he's gonna bring the ratings down
Keep doing a great job Neil go dolphins sign Cecil the diesel Collins
Oh no
Remember Cecil? Yeah he just wanted to dip his wick you know
Yeah
Speaking of corny he just wanted to dip his wick old Cecil
He crawled into the window and well Greg says Kendri sounds like a brother good for him but it's all whatever
Whatever that means
Kendri does that sound like a brother to you? Yeah it does
Castillo does that sound like a brother's name? No although we have them you know
You have what brothers dark completed yeah Scads of brother Julio
Absolutely
Absolutely
Kendri castillo I don't know anything about him and they're sure it's hailing a whole lot of material to research there
It's like when you research Johnny dark
The fake Ernie Sochin says I take issue with what you just said they yesterday is performance by University of Miami's Ben's basketball team was criminal
We're talking about the University of Miami here what isn't criminal when it comes to that place
There a criminal something posing as an institute of higher learning
Everything about that place from Donna Shaleel's office down to the janitorial staff is by nature and definition criminal
By the way have it on good authority that Prozac Ron has a master degree from you Emma's any further evidence required he's our friend
The master should march down there with torches and pitchforks oh that's nice
Wearing the brown and gray argo house today the fake Ernie Sochin
Yeah, they stuck yesterday and we're pretty that's why I'm surly today I have one email said oh you sound a little surly to I am
I mean on the one hand we get surly that they stuck that you and basketball right here in the middle of the show which is a ratings killer
Not just a harm but killer that I was down 47 points
But on the other hand when you know we had a nice short day yesterday and we're thinking oh boy we can do this again two days in a row
Be a nice thing would it be a nice thing would it be who doesn't like a nice thing I don't know
Nobody I know this is so said Henry Lopez I wonder if he's kind of Lucy Lopez
Whatever happened I heard it she turned on you too like all those other chicks do no what do you mean
I'll wear the chicks I don't know it just Jesus God you are talking about me I'm not talking about anything I'm just killing time while I'm printing this thing out
Okay, well set says hi Neil and Georgia just wanted to see if either of you cut South Park on Wednesday night
No, but somebody emailed it to me I can knock in the link I can watch the whole thing very good and you should
It was hilarious was making fun of the Jonas Brothers and their fans you would have gotten a kick out of it
And we love the show keep it up and have a great weekend you too, but set I'll watch it one of these hours
Henry Lopez says I used to listen to you back in the old six ten days but moved out of Miami to Southwest Florida Cape Coral in 2002
I can still pick up the week five sixty a.m. Five-odd signal over here
But also have to put up with a cast or brothers companies to bleed over signal good to hear you on the radio keep up the good work until that
Spick-past to cheer up on by the way please leave Brittany and Jimmy alone leave them alone
Yadi yadi your South West Florida spick-past your listener Henry okay Henry
Ostech came you'll be this
Et cetera yeah
All of these things right
Here's one from Snooki
I'm an avid listener and try mailing it in weekly I live in Evan Ture and keep my jock body
I run a three mile lap around the golf course across from Evan Ture a mall two to three times a week
Yesterday I was halfway through the lap when my nostril started sensing a strong disgusting stench
First I thought I must have run past it in animal but the smell did not go away
I quickly realized I had stepped on the small pile of dog joists
I stopped and tried to scrape it off on the grass but some remained in the crevices of my sneakers
As I continued to run I was bitching complaining about people that don't pick up their dog joists and suddenly on the horizon
I noticed an old lady walking a thing that looked like a gremlin
As I got closer I realized that she was walking a small hairy ugly dog
Realized she had no doggy bag and stopped I
Asked her what she would do when he joist and she replied that he never joist only at home
He never joist just at home
I say I lifted my foot and showed her the fresh dog joist I just stepped on
Told her she should be a bit more considerate for others and kept running
For all you dog owners out there pick up your dog's joist when you walk them. That's right
Sincerely another Jorge PS love the show
Pick up your dog's joist yeah
Especially if you're an Amsterdam boy you talk about dog crap all over the place though
The sights and smells of Amsterdam that is a
Town with some real funky smells
And boy you better watch where you're walking you better not be too stone you better be at least
Coherent enough to watch where you're sticking your feet
That was down 35 point you have set I got a great article by the way by Dennis Rokkonen
From the smirkling chimp
I'm going to read it
Okay, oh a serious XM radio planning to stream to iPhone and iPod
That's why they're up to 19 cents
Okay, I got a great article about you from smirking chimp after the a noob break
Smirking chip smirking chip Mario S is good morning Neil and George hope you're both having a good day
Well, this is this is from yesterday wow
Well, we had a short show yesterday we couldn't get all the stuff today
There be no problem getting all the stuff because there ain't that much because you know
Yesterday 1130 we vanished from the Richter scale
A couple of things first South Park last night to George watch it was about the Jonas Brothers and Mickey Mouse
It was the first new episode of the new season but I think I'd seen it before
How could you have seen it before?
I don't know
I doubted
Yeah
Basically they portrayed Mickey as an evil maniacal owner of the Disney corporation was amusing
But I couldn't get Mickey telling Bob Iger to give back his money
Do you know what that means?
Not a word of it
No
Also, I watched the heat game last night and the post game show Eric Reed who I really enjoy and don't believe talks to his teeth anymore
Announce that today he encountered color analyst Tony Fioran Teo are holding a charity golf event in dinner
The with the
To honor the Shula and award the first ever Sunning her Shexlinson broadcast award the recipient was the Humper
Yes, apparently the Humper is good enough to be honored and decorated with awards
But not good enough to be QM's prized lineup go figure. Yeah, that's right. Not good enough for Jolly Joe Bell
From the moment that they shoved the Humper out the door from that moment December or a year ago December
This place has gone down down down the tube. I mean the cube
It says I just heard you read somebody else's email about South Park some apologies for repeating information
But how about a Mickey bit not our last night's episode Marywise. No, I'm not playing on Mickey bits
I mean I'm not saying never again, but she's you talk about wearing stuff out
I said that's enough right? Yeah, sure
We got a little bit more fun about here. I'm going through Gabel's com like kids that and now don't over do it. Oh geez. Sorry. How about a Mickey bit?
Oh, how about some Mike Lang how about some Bob Prince how about oh?
How about cut the crap? Yeah, what can we do for a crap? What welcome to the what can we do for you radio show?
Yeah, that's what we can do for you and we'll just do that all day
Did just go ahead and program the show
Go ahead oh
Gus again, you do not get spam with Gmail ask all the real people who have it. Okay Gus. Whatever you say you stick here Gmail's to oh no
Mr. Radio is invented a new email address. That's how desperate he is. That's how desperate. Why did you block me?
Because I don't want to hear from you. I'm your number one fan. I've been a chronic since the 1360 WKK T days
I only offered to digitalize the tapes because George is too lazy and hates the show anyways. How can I get back into your good graces?
Yeah, and then he says I can blank just like Brian Craig just ask Norma Kent your fan forever
Just go away. Go away. Oh, I'm having chest pains now. Yeah
Go away. Beasley post-loss for 2008 and we know that we don't need any reminders of it. Okay. We know who we work for
Times are tough everybody's losing money
Here's one it's like I read a lot of that crap meaning spam by opening them up using the computer and somewhere at the bottom in the small print is an unsubscribe option
What happens is that when you use certain websites you agree to receive this stuff by default
It takes a few attempts, but it helps us Steve. Well, thanks Steve. I don't have time to posh you with that do you know?
Here's one from Sal near a long time first time. What ever happened to the
Blow-lady blow-bid is that one that's been banned? Where can I get this is sell from Rochester?
You have to ask if that's been banned playing bagpipes. Oh God sell go back to Rochester go back to Eastman Kodak
Go knock on the door. See if they'll open up for it. Go to Hicky Freeman
Go to Don and Bob's and see if they'll reopen for it there. I'm under a avenue for a sure miss Don and Bob's bad
If that one was over next to what where I went to elementary school in Brighton
I would I would paddle across Lake Ontario this afternoon to go just just to go to Don and Bob's you'd paddle who?
To get some of those great burgers and those white hats hmm
The same white hats that Wayne Arles got by the way
And just sitting around the house were not much to do. I got Neil Rogers on the radio and
Hey, what do you know there? It's a day. What do you call it there?
12 to one island. I have no problem with default, but default is somewhat intimidated
And it's like laws or people wait wait wait wait wait wait
Intiminated by what Jeff? What do you have that I'm intimidated by?
I don't know you kind of turn red when I come in the studio
Why would I turn red when you come in here just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way under this show?
I'm not warming my way, huh? I don't want you talking about you know what this goes back
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff. Remember yeah back at the Island Dreams former radio station when you came on the air on Neil Rogers
Show and trashed virtually everybody that worked at the station
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional
Systems that about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbag and your chances of getting on the radio
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally and instead of saying it to me
You're running around saying oh well, it's the forest is the reason I'm not getting a job. Oh, that's not true
That's not true, but anyway, I want to move on you're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing
I'm not saying what is that Jeff you're kind of showing say that no I'm what I am saying though is this I just feel
Sometimes you gotta get a little uncomfortable. I'm intimidated by you who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back
Wow
That's what we need a little bit of that more old the old-time controversy, huh?
Sure wasn't even contrived. No actually that was for real sure
I've seen that points on the downside on the Dow
Dennis Reconnaughn and Smirking Chim says
Well, he's got a list of things 10 10 points one okay
God doesn't exist and never did
Believe in Heavenly Father rose out of primitive ignorance and associated superstition
The thing that an omnipotent old fellow with a white beard sits on a golden throne in the sky is wildly ridiculous
The only thing crazy is to believe said deity created us governs our fears and deserves our blind obedience
Help stamp out witch hunts and suicide bombings relegate God to the same dustbin of mythology where all ghosts wholly or otherwise rightfully belong
Two we don't have souls and don't go anywhere but into the ground to be eaten by worms when we die. Let's bravely acknowledge that fact
Three quit contending that global warming isn't real except for discredited
Charlottes and scientists of the kind who promote intelligent design the overwhelming majority of truly qualified experts agree that man-made
Greenhouse gases are dangerously heating the planet
Conservatives can't bring themselves to admit that liberals and UN types could ever be correct about anything
So they naysay sit on their hands and would allow their grandchildren and hours to ultimately perish fearfully grasping for precious breath
Four nationalism sucks
Belief that one's own country is better or more important than all the others has generated massively destructive jingoism and xenophobia through the ages
Combined with religion
It's been the chief cause of war for bloody centuries join me in pledging to never take up arms against anyone on bogus pretext
Or do imagine them in fear your evil, etc
Just because they live beyond the ocean looks strange and have unfurmming your customs
Five let's jettison monopoly capitalism which is so parasitically harmful that it makes a starving vampire bat seem but I'm if
We the people took over the economy
democratically controlling it for public profit and common gain
We never get robbed of the gas pump again pay an arm and elect for medical care prescription drugs
Lose our homes to usurius mortgage thieves or get sent off to die in meddling neo cons criminal invasions abroad fire the boss
Become a firm-minded owner of America along with your fellow workers and neighbors
six stop bashing immigrants
Each of our own arriving ethnic groups is accused by existing native is to stealing jobs being a societal drain
Having criminal otherwise unsavory tendencies or spreading disease just as mostly Hispanic immigrants are condemned today
Such a successive discrimination plainly benefited divide and conquer corporate profiteers
It was only when ethnicities races in genders united
Understanding the injury to one is an injury to all that the overall US working class made decisive advances and acquired a mutually better living standard
seven
Admit that nothing worthwhile comes from conservatism
Its abject selfishness masturbating as a valid ideology it's sole purposes to perpetuate minority privilege attained through illegitimate power
Will the vianc consequently suffering masses conservatives will never out of the word justice for its a shadowing indictment of their consistently
Exploited of role in human affairs
Everything good has been fiercely resisted by the political right abolishing slavery and child labor gaining women's suffrage
struggling to achieve racial equality raising the minimum wage implementing progressive taxation
Establishing health and safety standards in the workplace and the community at large. Just in a few
A to accept that while abortion isn't pretty it's often necessary furthermore only each female in each specific unique circumstance
Has the right to determine what constitutes a legitimate abortion need no male or male dominated institution should interfere in this most
personal and difficult choice
Before guys say one word about these supposed impropriety of terminating unacceptable pregnancy
They should produce ironclad guarantees about controlling their reckless libidos and keeping their penises in their pants if that's where they're told they should remain
9 repeat after me better gay than grumpy the only problem with homosexuality is that some straights insecure about their own
Orientation get up tied over it most animal species engage in same-sex contact on a minority basis
Therefore it isn't unnatural just different and entirely involuntary just like being left handed rather than right
Besides aren't the last six words of the pledge of allegiance with liberty and justice for all quicking hypocrites and get aboard the freedom trade and
10 to nurture the collective human spirit
Which is quite different than a religious soul think less about what you can personally acquire in a material sense
It said join struggles for shared prosperity
Know that the greatest reward for giving you the prived child reason to laugh
Honor and guard our earthly home lie down beside a blade of grass and contemplated simple magnificence
And then when we lendless age takes its final toll by the farmer the contented smile you lived well
You did the right thing feed those worms and help make that grass grow
How do you like that good list?
Turn left take ten steps discover better world then us for Conan from superior Wisconsin has been writing progressive commentary with a heartland perspective for various outlets since the 60s
It says from the smircling champ. I think that's a damn good article. Damn good
Should we get it later really or not?
Well, when what's that basketball game come on, huh come on now?
What's that basketball game starting not soon enough?
Canes. Oh my god. We shouldn't know did I tell you yesterday that they were gonna stick the joint out?
I I knew it. I could smell it. Oh, that's down to Shalili
Here's captain Singh greetings from Mindy's news best selection of newspapers and magazines in Miami in the corner of 71st and Collins
I thought he's given himself a little plug, but he deserves it. He's our friend
Heard you speak about salads a couple of days ago. Ever been to Grand Lux Cafe sister restaurant of the cheesecake factory? Oh, please
They have this one particular show that my wife and I both Rick Vageterians absolutely love
It's the Manhattan Zell and excellent mix of veggies three types of cheeses top with their house vinegar
Try it in Toronto otherwise next time you're in hell. I mean Miami like they have that here the
Grand Lux and kind of no Grand Lux. What is this man talking about?
Did you ever watch some dog millionaire and all the Oscars at one also when are you going to India? Oh?
Yeah, and I don't need to go to India if I want to be in the middle of all India's all got to do is take a cab here
Think they ever washed their turbines. I don't know the poor stuff before would have to ask one
Yeah, we need some information on that
That all you turbine wearing your goofballs. I imagine they have an assortment
Really like most hairpiece like most two-pays. I imagine
Hour the only hulia listening in hi-a-lea says please don't click on those unsubscribe buttons if you do that
They know your email is valid then you get even more spam only unsubscribe if you know the company. How do you like that?
well
Here's one it says you're always talking about how much better life in this country wasn't the 50s and 60s and all your old haunts like Detroit and Boston
You said that in your opinion. It's not as good in any of these cities today as it was then that is correct
Detroit is a toilet now a toilet and Boston is okay, but not like he used to be
What you don't mention is that the deterioration and quality of living coincides with the leftists taking over government and policy in the late 60s and 70s
Oh, yeah, the leftist that must be it
Must have been the leftist who burned down Detroit in 1967 wasn't the leftists that's right
Obviously you're too old at this point will never change your views, but there's a clear correlation
Oh, the leftist that's right keep peddling your right wing crap and
By the way you lost the election big time you didn't just lose you got slaughtered you got slammed
You got decimated
Now when we're gonna start getting some emails that makes him a sense
We need to hear about the turbines. I'll tell you that right now. What's what's the deal?
Do they sleep with the turbids on the?
Shmahtai. I don't know we need somebody to be some clarification on that also we need to find out who the hell a kid Rick Kestio is
I'm getting real nervous. I'll lower the jockey's in that second race today. It's not exactly an award winning list
Let's go take go down the list
Where the hell are the jockeys on this thing?
Boy
Alfonso read
Who the hell's Alfonso read I don't know
Abraham Banda our ace compost Wilmer Galvez Martin Ramirez
Martin Ramos Ramirez
Elvis Trujillo. We know him. He's a good writer. Can we Kestio Julio Kestio and Tadea Simpson? Who are these people? Where do they come from?
Who is Kendrick Kestio? You know, we don't have any horse racing people listening because if we did every week when we do this every Friday
We get some input output on the thing, you know
Besides just feel our saying bet the chalk bet the chalk by the way the horse I picked in the morning line is
What is he?
Three to one his second choice in the morning line
So he might be the chalk or not he ought to be a decent price. I don't see that being any heavy chalk in this race because they're like
Maidens. They've never won a race
They've never even been a contender
But we don't have any a horse people so because otherwise we get some some input, you know, but we don't
We get Zipity Duda
I don't want to say that nobody's listening when we do that horse thing because you know
You're involved in once making you a lot extra money on those varieties, isn't it?
Except for the money that you lose because I picked her on horse. Well, you know you went to the loser and I
Yeah, she's okay. He's improved now. I like character. He's dead as a horse. There's no doubt about it
And the fact that she rated this what about is a watermelon?
I was thinking that what else the camera this the app with our candy cameras. I like him as a horse
What about is a pussycat? What about is a mouse the teapot? Oh my god teapot are you start with that pea pot and the
However that goes hey Hock me this is in a pea pot. Yeah
Wow
So and still nothing more about the Bubba loves fun to nothing nobody listens to him
Or maybe there's no crossover audience maybe none of the Bubba people listen to this show you think that's possible
It is pop in Brandon ain't got nothing to say anymore about Bubba
I can't believe the things that you say I'm gonna be offended
Even if it isn't just this much you want to take this and listen listen
I'm going to complain don't care if it is too big don't care if it's insane. Oh
2020 24 hours a day. I'm gonna be offended
Where the rich is it for about a day? I'm gonna be offended
olur
But when I'm playing, when I'm playing, when I'm playing, when I'm playing, I'm gonna be a fan.
Oh, just like a lot of people out there in the radio, Lann.
Oh, I'm offended.
Don't you hear what he said?
Oh, geez.
Too bad.
There's not what we're here for is to offend people if we do our job, right?
That's right.
If we're offending a lot of people that we're doing a hell of a job,
man killed girlfriend and fight over beer and tried to have sex with their corpse
for a lot of the ill police say.
Well, that's one way to make sure she don't resist.
That's right.
That's what the, what's his name?
Quasi Moto said.
It works like a charm every time.
Remember Quasi Moto and Ismerelda?
Yeah.
Kind of what name is it anyway?
Ismerelda.
I don't know.
Four.
Well, fashion, I guess.
You know any of his name is Merelda?
Although Misha, you know, that's an interesting name.
I bet you're back in the day there was no Misha.
Right.
And Latisha?
Probably not.
A man said he killed his girlfriend and an argument over a beer
and then tried to have sex with her corpse according to an arrest warrant
police release yesterday.
Must not have been very mad at her.
Robert Condi, 41 or 4, Lottorale was arrested Wednesday and charged with one kind of first
of a murder in the death of Ruth and Trueblood, police detective, event Martinez said.
According to the arrest report, Condi told police he and Trueblood were drinking the other
outdoors when she told him he couldn't have more beer.
He told police he got upset and beat her, saying she was on her back defenseless as he punched her several
times in the face until he knew she was dead.
Wow.
It must have been a hell of a beating.
Telling you.
Even Rianna never got a beating like that.
Well, close to what I guess not yet.
Yeah, if she just sticks with Chris, she'll be all right.
Condi took off her pants and unsuccessfully tried to have sex with her the rest before it said he told police.
He then covered her up and lay next to her.
Her body was left behind a building in the 600 block of Southwest First Avenue in 4, Lottorale.
When police arrived at the scene about 8.30 a.m., they found Condi nearby.
After he told police he didn't know her.
He said, OK, I'll write I did it.
I killed her in the arrest report said he killed a bitch.
First he said he didn't know her and I guess that didn't work.
So yeah, OK, I killed her.
But he tried unsuccessfully to have sex with the body.
Maybe he needed some soft sea Alice.
No, I got all kinds of contacts from home, baby.
I got lots of contacts for Robert.
You'll forward them along.
Oh my god, just one after another after another.
Oh, here's the fake Larry King.
I listened to Bubba like he's a Tampa Redneck.
He does a pretty good show.
He had Hulk Hogan on today.
Oh, how unusual.
How unusual.
Hulk Hogan is to that show like what Drew Rosenstein crans into the Joe Rose show.
Chronic.
Obsessive.
It actually had him panhandle with a homeless.
How did Bubba do in the ratings for January?
He stunk.
He sucked.
As if you don't already know, fake Larry.
He stunk.
Paul and old Ron just slaughtered him.
They butchered him.
They had like a five one and he had a 1.7 share.
And when the monthly in January was, I'm sure lower than that.
Bad.
Week.
The amount of input we get about the Bubba loves fun show.
You could put in a symbol and have room for jolly Joe's big fat,
pimply, ugly, smelly ass leftover.
Am I right?
Yes.
That was down 62 points.
Although it's still 7,100 plus.
Now let's let me go over to be in and make sure that Maria's not right about that loony going back up again.
Oh my god.
That would be really bad if the loony starts making a big comeback.
It goes up over 80 again.
I'm screwed and tattooed.
Oh, nobody here cares about your freaking loony.
Sure you do.
You want the loony to be really weak too because that means a fewer Canadians are coming to South Florida.
Is that good logic or what?
Sure.
You better work so.
The loony is really weak.
Especially those frogs.
Those really high tipping frogs.
One thing about guys who are high stepping.
It's nothing about people who are high tipping.
Nope.
Parle voo, no tip.
The T.S. X is down a little bit.
96 point.
You care about that Toronto Stock Exchange?
No, I don't need it.
Neither should anybody else.
It's all a Ponzi game.
That's what Ponzi said.
It's all a big Ponzi game.
Where by the time they finally get around to show in his damn loony thing, my god.
You could plots.
Kills a good time though here waiting.
And we've only got an hour and 22 minutes until post time for the second race of Gulf Stream.
For Nick.
And they just keep going through all this other crap.
T.S. X, the Dow is down 57.
There we go.
Oh, it's back down to 78 and a half.
Good.
You're wrong, Maria.
You're full of dog duty.
Maria.
Fake Maria B.
You don't know your squat.
With those bags under.
How could she see what's going on on the big board anyway with those heavy bags?
She's got bags under her eyes bigger than lacitors.
I know it sounds insensitive to say it, but he's one of the few people I've ever known in my life who actually had.
Fat on his eyelids.
You know what I mean?
No, no.
To follow.
Oh, stop with the drop-ins from a dead man for crying out loud.
Oh, it's so bad.
He's a mortal.
He should be picking on the bird again.
He's immortalized.
Thank god we have an M.A.
He emails from Johnny Dark today.
Oh, Halla.
No wonder I'm feeling a little bit better in spite of the fact that the keens stuck the joint out.
What's early on?
Do you realize we'd already be gone?
Oh, I must have not.
Do I realize it?
Are you kidding me?
I had all these plans and I had to cancel.
Yeah.
God.
George was going to get laid and flayed.
John and Lakeworth, a good friend of ours, finally.
So is in-between commercials on the Bob and Tom.
Sure, I've tried to listen to Bubba.
Simply put, he blows unfunny.
A Howard wannabe and number one but sucker.
Chrono complainer about Clear Channel, how he got screwed, etc.
That's all he has to say.
He did mention you were when referring to his dismal ratings.
He didn't slam you, but did mention how you two read the ratings and were not ashamed to do so.
I've been reading the ratings before Bubba's love sponge was born before he was in embryo.
He did want to know how to attract more listeners here in South Florida.
He won't.
Freebies might work, but I would recommend shutting the transmitter off to his john,
hoping you're enjoying the sunshine of them and enjoying the show as always.
Thank you, John.
See, there's a guy who comes through for us.
I ask a question.
He comes through and answers.
Wow.
Yeah.
One of the wrong concepts.
The rest of the audience, like the thing about the Kendri Castillo.
We don't have any horse racing people out there at all.
Or maybe just we do, but they don't know who the hell that kid is.
And he's riding my pick the seven or five afternoons in the second race today.
It's not good.
It's not comforting when you don't know the jack.
But when you don't know, most of the other jack he's in a race.
It's like a phantom race.
Maybe the headless horseman, maybe Ikebad crane is going to be aboard.
You think maybe the headless Norseman and what about?
And I'll tell you why we don't get any response about the turbans and the punjabi and stuff.
Because there are none in South Florida.
Oh, somebody's got a no one here.
I mean, you pick the ethnic group Chinese, Jamaican, Indian.
And here there's like hundreds of thousands of men.
Toronto.
Uzbekistan.
No, 20 or 30.
And there's a bunch of Tamil tigers too.
What do they call it?
Sri Lankans.
What what the hell is a Tamil tiger?
I don't know.
What's big of a tiger?
See that six minutes he's teaming off.
That's what's going on.
That's why we're not getting the Indian crowd.
And they're all waiting for the tiger.
Tiger.
The obsession with him and his golf.
I mean, I don't, you know, I don't be grudge him anything.
But he's a golf guy.
He plays golf.
Yep.
Oh, Barry says you should be able to get the spy reports from Tony Gonzalez from 93 Rock.
We learned this week that he's married to Flea.
She should be able to give the good scoops she and sees under Mike Disney.
So to speak.
Well, good scoop on what?
What's going on?
I don't know.
Barry's material today is the all-time worst.
He's really desperate.
All that crap about that.
What's his name?
Tim Conway, Jr. and KVC.
Nobody cares about that.
Barry.
My God, it's not bad enough.
We got Joyce and Joe trying to put the Kavash on what we can do on the show.
But we got Barry putting out a lot of crap that nobody in this market cares about.
Oh, it's a soft floor to show it.
We'll never go over that.
That's right.
Because that's where we were on the air.
That's correct.
I'd like to talk a lot more about the great restaurants in Toronto.
That would make a lot of sense, wouldn't it?
Do it.
So let me ask you.
Guess where I'm going at two o'clock.
Oh, Neil.
What's up?
I'm just thinking, Neil Rogers, it's Friday, you bastard.
That's a good thing.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
We saw a photo of your honey pot.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
And sent us all the camo clothes you got.
I really wish you were paying us this Christmas.
So you don't look like a tramp this Christmas.
I hope you're planning wearing pants this Christmas
when you're trying to get like the pot.
And how f***ing there anyone out there may follow Britney.
I know it's bad.
I'm so excited that I found that.
Nothing we want to play it a lot, but.
But go ahead.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Oh, I'm sorry.
12.32 at 5.60 WQM on a fine Friday.
Man, the sun is shining.
It's a great day.
It's a marvelous day.
My lesbian needs a terrorist cab driver picking me up at two o'clock.
Why aren't you driving?
I don't feel like it.
I don't want to.
Some days I feel like it.
Some days I don't.
And you know what?
What?
I'll do what I want to do.
See, that's the one thing about getting to be an adult
and going out on your own and working and earning a living
and being independent.
Other than work, which you know, I mean, if you got this kind of a job
you have to show up certain hours and do your thing, do your duty.
Other than that, you pretty much do what you want.
Freedom.
Freedom to do what you want.
Mm-hmm.
Isn't that what you want?
Yeah.
Isn't that what we all want?
That's what we all want.
Freedom to do what we want.
When we want it.
Oh, you keep trying to convince yourself, Neil,
convince myself of what?
That there's a lot of losers out there behind
the anonymous emails and phone calls who write crap?
Yeah, we already know that.
I don't need to convince myself.
Here's a great story with a picture in O.S.
Picture of a parrot.
A picture taken in 1946, which was Pinky,
perched on the forearm of Winston Churchill,
sitting in a wicker chair.
But that would be nice.
Maybe I'll give me a wicker chair and put it on my little balcony out there.
Okay.
It's the size of a teacup.
Negotiating a bicycle along a high wire pinkie,
the Malookan Cockatoo, has been entertaining the crowds of my
knees, Jungle Island for 67 years.
I never heard of Jungle Island.
I heard of the Parrot Jungle.
Well, that's what it is now.
Really?
They moved it, and now it's Jungle Island.
I've been to the old Parrot Jungle a couple of times.
Me too.
I seen the Cockatoo.
That's what I heard.
A picture taken in 1946, which was Pinky,
perched on the forearm of the former Prime Minister,
Weinstein Churchill, as he sits in a wicker chair.
After leaning battle scarred Britain through the Second World War,
losing the 45 general election to Clement Attlee,
Churchill was ordered to escape the English winter by his doctor.
Hello, doctor?
Finding solace in Miami,
Churchill spent New Year's Day in 1946 in sunny Florida,
where he stayed for eight months.
Probably all the time he could take.
During his time in the state,
Churchill visited the Aviary Sanctuary,
which at that time was known as the Parrot Jungle Facility,
had opened in 1936.
Pinky was born in 1941,
so she was fully grown and performing by the time Churchill visited
the Parrot Jungle.
At the time when Churchill visited Miami in 1946,
the Parrot Show was very popular said Ryan Prentice,
the Bird Show Manager of the Winged Wonder Show at Jungle Island.
The Winged Wonder Show, wow.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
When he visited what was the old Parrot Jungle Facility,
Pinky was the number one star of the show.
What if he was Kim De Pinky Lee?
Remember Pinky Lee?
No.
Who was the comedian who used to do ho ho ho?
Oh, that was Red Buttons.
The show is a 25 minute show that has changed over the years,
but one thing that's never changed is Pinky's spot
where she rides a bicycle.
No one noted the names of the birds who my Churchill on his visit,
but studying the picture, we are certain this one is Pinky.
No one noted the names of the birds.
I mean, is this pathetic or what?
What are they trying to say?
Why?
I have no life.
Oh.
He added Pinky mostly whistle, sings, and says some words,
but if she could talk properly, then just imagine what she might say.
Like my grandmother had a parrot,
my uncle bought her a parrot and taught her to say,
Mrs. Solomon is the son of a bitch.
True story.
My uncle Mugsie Solomon, the bookie.
How about you?
Mugsie would know who Kid Rikka Castillo is.
We're getting no input whatsoever on my pick five afternoons
and seven horses in the second race or the jockey or anything.
Anything horse racing related?
Isn't that kind of scary?
Uh, typical?
No.
I'm thinking.
Parents can live to over 100 and Pinky is very healthy.
She rides a bike every morning.
She has a lot more exercise than other birds
because she's got her own bicycle.
Wow.
She rides a bike every morning.
How does a cockatoo ride a bike?
It's a very little bike.
So maybe she'll learn a few more words in her later years
and tell us about it.
Churchill's time in Miami coincided with the writing of his famed
iron curtain speech in which he described the deep division
between Western powers and the Eastern block controlled by the then Soviet Union.
Come and east, come and east, come and east, come and east.
He also received an honorary degree from the University of Miami
accepting it before an audience of 17,500 at the then bird-eye
and bowl later renamed the orange bowl.
Did you know that?
No.
That the orange bowl was once called the bird-eye and bowl.
Wow.
What useless trivia we got today?
Halle, Loya, baby.
Halle, Loya, Hollywood.
As Randy, my mold, uh, Moller would say.
I almost said Randy, Moltosh.
Sorry, Randy.
Moltosh.
Oh, here's somebody who used to like the phone calls.
Well, guess what?
We aren't doing any today.
We aren't doing any today.
Aaron in Dallas, Texas sends something.
I'm printing these out.
Okay.
I'm sure there's nothing about that.
Go ahead.
About the turbines.
No.
And I'm sure there's nothing about the Kendrick, uh, Castillo
or any of the other stuff.
No.
Anything that I want to know about, they got nothing.
None of these things.
Right.
That's right.
As opposed to all of these things.
That's none of these things.
Whatever you want to talk about, I know about.
Well, we don't know.
We don't know.
We don't care.
We don't want to.
Well, thanks a lot.
Rhymes with Snot.
Jim says, I used to like the phone calls back when they were real and not knocked out of the six
and ended six.
Oh, I think you should bring back the lightning round for one day only.
No.
The six six would be out of your life forever.
Like a cockroach losing its mind when you flip the light on and off.
The six six would surely have strokes and heart attacks.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Gone forever.
Meet me on the corner of Cecil and Spadine in the pouring rain.
Whatever that means, there's no rain and I have no idea where Cecil is.
Nothing could be finer than the stay office Spadine.
So I held traffic hell on Spadine.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Oh, this is just silly.
Yeah, just silly.
Yeah, I have the lightning round back in the...
That's all we had anywhere was the lightning round.
Pretty much.
Mm-hmm.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend over and over and over.
I don't miss the calls that all George does badly.
In fact, here's George for the next hour and a half to do.
Oh, that's right.
We got the horse thing.
That's right.
If we didn't have the horsey thing, I would stick your ass on there right now.
Yeah, right.
What?
Not even you're such a slacker.
Do you want to bet?
Hey, listen, I'm supposed to have today off in Surreyu because those three things were supposed to win yesterday.
Hey, didn't Joe offer to replay the yesterday's game?
Yeah, that sounds like something he and the clearance would do.
Oh, that Rogers couldn't draw flies to a Schmidt pod, you know, like that.
I got news for it.
We drew something to Schmidt pod because look at where we are.
Look who we're working for, jolly, Joe.
Aaron in Dallas, Texas.
My pal says I haven't been able to listen a lot lately.
So I apologize if somebody's brought this up.
Have you seen the show Jockies on Animal Planet?
No.
It's a documentary show that follows Jockies at Santa Anita.
It's a really good show to learn what Jockies go through to make it in the sport.
There's several old writers such as John Corden, Mike Smith, you might recall.
Yes, I know them all.
I don't just recall.
I know them all.
Although I don't know Kidrick Castillo.
And obviously neither does anybody else.
I know Tyler Bays.
Anyway, it might be worth watching.
I think he would like it.
It comes on Friday nights.
If you watch all the episodes on the Animal Planet website, that might be kind of interesting.
Know anything?
A little better.
Think anything on Justin Stein on there.
You think?
Might be.
I'll find it.
Oh my God, I can't find it.
I'm just, I'm losing it.
I'm just forgetting what all these things are under.
That's my old-timers kicking in.
Oh, here it is.
Kill anybody who Justin Stein is.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny looking.
Yeah.
Jockie, they're all little guys.
We have about ten pounds.
But nobody knows.
Nobody knows who Kidrick Castillo is.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest.
Justin time for Michael Learned's birthday.
The 70s drama The Walton's was a heartwarming look at a close knit depression era family.
But years later, a made for cable special took a look at the other side of Walton's mountain as this lost classic shows.
That night, half of the soft sweet twilight fell over Walton's mountain.
I could hear the familiar voices in my family echoing to each other through the old house.
Good night, Mama.
Good night Elizabeth.
Good night, Jason.
Good night, Mary Ellen.
Good night, Ben.
Mama?
Yes, Elizabeth.
Grandpa's in my bed again.
Oh, Ben, don't you bother that sweet young girl.
Sorry, Esther.
I thought it was Jim Bob's Ben.
Happy Jim Bob.
Jim Bob's in bed with me.
I'm not Jim Bob, Mary Ellen.
I'm your daddy.
Well, I guess that's everyone accounted for.
Wait a minute.
Who's in bed with John Boy?
If there's anything I hate, it's a fickle sheep.
The Walton Scable Special, the family that plays together, stays together.
It can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video Treasure Chest.
We've got rooms of this crap.
14 to 1.
Now, guess what?
I did get somebody suggesting Bear is General.
Is the horse for the second race today?
Bear is General with the Mani Ramirez.
Whoever that is.
Okay.
Now, let's see.
That horse is four to one in the morning line.
And there's one thing that he's really got going for.
And that's a great race.
And guess what track?
Last November.
I'll go.
Guess what track?
Where am I going to?
What bike?
Yeah.
Written by the outstanding Emma Jane Wilson.
And just got beat of nose with a pretty good ambide speed rating.
But then two starts at Gulf Stream.
Fourth by 16.
And then dropping down to a 12, five made in Claymore.
Fifth by 10.
Puked.
Puked.
It scuts out with a weak speed rating.
Puked.
That was going six and a half for a long.
This is only five and a half.
But there's going to be a speed duel in this race.
There's some speed.
I see.
Senior Pedro.
There's general.
There's speed.
Senior Wences.
Senior Wences.
Senior Wences.
Who else?
Who else is the speed?
On the lead.
Oh, Yuki's Ridge.
Yuck.
Yuki's Ridge.
So three.
There were horses going to be puking for the lead in here.
And then they're going to all puked.
They're got some.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
And then they're going to be puking for the lead.
Exactly.
A senior Vatican cleric on Saturday defended the excommunication of the mother and doctors of a nine-year-old girl who had an abortion in Brazil after being raped.
The child was pregnant with twins.
Cardinal Giovanni Batista Ray, head of the Roman Catholic Church's congregation verbishives, told Lostampa an Italian daily newspaper that the case was sad, but that the real problem is that the twins conceived were two innocent persons who had the right to live and could not be eliminated.
He told Lostampa.
I wonder what he told L'accordia della Santa.
I just like saying the name of that paper.
L'accordia della Santa.
Evening a courier.
Right?
Right. You better get your Italian go, mister.
You better catch up with the world.
Why? I don't know, because I said so.
Okay. Because I wanted.
Okay.
The regional archbishop Jose Cardoso Soprino excommunicated the mother for authorizing the operation.
He also excommunicated the doctors who carried out the operation for a fear that the 80-pound girl wouldn't survive a full-term pregnancy.
God's laws above any human law archbishop Cardoso said Thursday.
Yeah, well, castle hoists, pops.
The girl's stepfather whom she accused of sexual abuse has been jailed.
The case has insetted fierce debate in Brazil, abortion is illegal there, but exceptions are allowed in cases of rape.
And when the mother's life would be endangered by giving birth.
One of the doctors involved, Revaldo Albuquerque.
What kind of a name is that?
Made up?
Is that a New Mexican name?
Revaldo Albuquerque told a global television you would keep going to mass regardless of the archbishop's order.
The girl who was not identified because she's a minor was found last week to be four months pregnant after being taken to the hospital for stomach pains.
She had stomach pains.
Yeah.
Oh, and I wrote down something here because I was that email about all the 50s and 60s you talk about.
There's one thing.
I mean, there's a lot of restaurants I miss.
But I mean, that's life.
Restaurants open.
They run their course and then they close.
How many restaurants are still around from like when you first came to town?
Not that many.
That's a good question.
You're right.
Yeah.
A lot of turnover.
And like when you lived in different places like when I lived in Detroit, how many of those great restaurants are still around?
I can't think of any.
Right.
And the restaurant I missed the most, the most Prince, Prince spaghetti house in Boston was a chain.
And Prince spaghetti course was a brand of spaghetti.
I'm trying to think was it Monday or Tuesday was Prince spaghetti day?
That was that was their commercial thing.
No, forget Monday is Prince spaghetti day or something like or Tuesday.
Was either Monday or Tuesday.
Okay.
Prince spaghetti house and they had every kind of spaghetti would like sausage and would like meatballs and would like with everything.
You know, clams with the shrooms you name it.
And God was a good and the persons were huge.
That's where I got fat in Boston.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
That's where I got fat.
That's where I went from 150 to 212.
Wow.
212.
You wait 150 at some point in your life in college?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, besides being a child.
I wasn't fat as a child.
Huh?
When I was at Michigan Center, I went 150 pounds.
Wow.
I was 12.
What a skinny fellow.
I believe it's 12.
What a what?
I said, uh, what a skinny fellow.
I smell.
I think I smelled pretty good.
Oh, it didn't bathe very much.
I don't know why I never used to take a maybe maybe once every couple weeks I take a shower.
Yeah.
Maybe you just lie.
Lazy.
Lazy slog.
Yeah.
Lazy, I guess.
I guess that's his bitter reason is anybody.
Oh, here's the fake joy rentals.
Go with the seven five afternoons.
It's a lock.
That's already what I picked.
It's a lock.
He says, well, that's.
Cecil and Spadina CTV solo performer.
It's got a picture of some guy playing a guitar with a thing a schmott on his head.
Says Jim, I never heard of Cecil and Spadina.
Spadina is one of the major streets here in downtown.
Okay.
For those of you who care, you care?
No.
Spadina, Bathurst University.
Bay.
Young.
Young is the longest street in the world, by the way.
Young street.
It is really.
It is.
It's the longest street in the world.
Okay.
407 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read the results.
So it's boring.
Ponderous.
Prince spaghetti house.
Anybody out there member?
Prince spaghetti house?
And Prince spaghetti day?
I bet just somebody will send me an email and tell me whether it was Monday or Tuesday.
It was Prince spaghetti day.
You could Google it.
If you weren't so lazy.
Do it enough.
Let me get on that gambling channel.
I mean, no, not the gambling channel.
The horse channel.
Aquador.
Seven minutes till the first race at Aquador.
Six horse race.
Four horses, four to five.
Let's get into the horsey mood now for that for Nick and for my pick.
Better start getting ready for two o'clock, you know.
I was ready when I sat down here for two o'clock, weren't you?
Listen.
I was so crushed.
What?
I found one minute to race two at Tampa Bay Downs.
We're going to get to your our guy, whatever his name is.
Oh, he.
And they're off.
He's just spastic.
I like spastic race callers.
I don't like boring race callers like Jack Riggs.
He was accurate but very boring.
Yeah, they're off.
Moving out for lead by Bavani, Bucky Dale on the outside.
Those are the days, baby.
Northville Hazel Park, Jackson, Harness Raceway.
There was nothing like putting $20 to win when the windows first opened up for a race.
Putting $20 to win on a horse and he'd be one to nine on the toad port.
Prohibitive favorite.
Oh, that's my $20.
Wow.
And of course the horse would lose but nevertheless it's an ego thing.
They're going to the post at Tampa Bay.
So what's with flea these days?
I'm not sure I understand that question.
What's with him?
Is he now that Clarence is getting married?
Can we move him out?
Out of his mommy's house.
He's been living in mommy's house?
No, of course not.
I don't know.
Why don't you say that?
That's such a shot.
How old is he?
About 30?
Ish.
30, man.
Let me make a quick fuck.
I'm sure he has his own place.
Now I'm positive of that.
Have you think he's actually ever done anything with his chick that he's getting married to or what?
Is it going to be like one of them Jimmy Sifilis?
A little marriage is where he like, bailed out at the altar.
Well, they have pitch hitters in baseball.
I mean, switch hitters.
I mean, what do you call it?
Designated hitters?
Are you picking on Jimmy Sifilis again?
Are you insinuating?
You're faggot.
And suggesting?
You're faggot.
Wow.
Designated hitters is what I was trying to say.
All I want to say is Jimmy Sifilis seems very swishy to me.
That's all.
Plus Tony Sibredo told me something a long time ago.
But you know, there he is.
Metro system.
Metro system.
Specter.
Jane Spastic.
Spastic.
He's good though.
I enjoy his race calls this guy.
Two, six to five.
Don't you?
Don't you enjoy winning the Sims?
Yes.
And they're all.
Let's hope we get a really good one here.
Put us really in the right mood for that big, uh, Niel's pick.
Pick this.
Brave Troy, step seven.
Brave Troy, remember him?
Now, one more to go.
No.
San Bernardo.
Disney, I'm one of those make me these four stations now, Troy.
I think he's on the Jeff D. Flores show.
And when's that thing going to happen with 940 already?
What are they flipping it?
Oh, here we go.
Don't step on it.
And.
And.
And.
And they're up.
No, that was now that was weak.
That was really, I'm disappointed, aren't you?
A little bit.
See the good, the good call for the start of the race by him is when he leaves the team.
He's like a pause between and they're off.
You know, you got to do it just right.
Bernardo has the lead.
I've re-impaired.
Is there a second?
Then it's a gap of two.
Brave Troy, third.
St. Patrick's check.
Hustling through toward the rail.
It's like that track raceway park.
I went to until either one time when even the jockeys, even the tellers had bandages.
It was amazing.
I see George wouldn't get that because he hasn't learned his racing crap yet.
Right.
Now, next time you go out to Gulfstream, we're going to stick bandages on your legs.
See you then.
It's the one to do our.
Oh!
I am angry.
That's a guy that takes my favorite.
Peanut blood up.
They said it could hurt my belly.
Now my pvj has nothing but the jelly.
Or they really try to scare ya.
Then remove it from the area.
It is really idiotic.
That's a dead bandage.
They took away my peanut butter, my favorite brand.
Unlike the one of all, because they said we should be aware.
This whole thing really isn't fair.
Wait a minute.
I found another.
Charmer by brand.
A peanut butter.
Just forget that.
FDA soba.
I don't really mind the taste of salmon.
Alright.
One or two Wednesday was Prince Brigadier Day.
He had a whole about 20 million emails on that.
See that's something they know something about.
Yeah.
Jeff says many people know that Wednesday is Prince Brigadier Day.
Back in the 50s, Prince Brigadier dubbed the middle day of the week
because that fateful day in order to spread the word about pasta.
Vista la pasta, baby.
Oh man, that was such a great place.
Prince Brigadier House.
Oh.
I've picked out there so many times.
Give me that spaghetti with meatballs, man.
Mmm, they have good balls at Prince Brigadier House.
Also, Phil Arks is don't forget to go with the chocolate.
You'll lose the guy's money again.
First of all, it's not his money.
Okay.
Phil Arks, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Expert.
Yeah, let's always, in fact, why even any camp?
And just go with the chocolate every week.
What a stupid jackass.
What a goofball.
Do this.
Do that.
Do this.
Do that.
Nag.
What have I always told you?
Nagging.
Mmm-hmm.
Anybody got a nagging wife and nagging mother?
It ought to be an exception.
Look at the first race it goes through.
The two and the three are scratched.
So it's a five horse field.
Oh my God.
What about the second race?
Is Steve a slone out there or what?
He's not going to be able to be there today.
So that means we got a raid and till act of the first race.
So they put the odds up for the second race to know for sure.
If there's any scratches, changes, etc.
I imagine all these things.
You know, maybe a listener at the track with a blackberry.
A listener at the track with what?
With a blackberry or something of the sort.
Will send us an email.
Right.
Neil at neorodges.com.
If there's nice.
Even money on the one in the first race, 95 and the six.
Do we care about the first race?
No.
Hello, Mata.
Oh, here's another one about Prince Fagiri Day was Wednesday.
Remember a series of Stan Friedrich radio spots for friends starring
Secret Agent Irving von and Gold Noodle?
No, I do not.
He did some fine works for his clients over the years.
Happy 33rd Neal.
I enjoy your broadcast.
George is good too.
It's always better with two, isn't it?
Says Warden Pompano.
Or always better with two.
You, etc.
Nothing about that jockey.
Nobody in the world knows who that is.
What's his name again?
I don't know.
Hey, you better start taking no.
Joey Jonas.
Oh, Joey Jonas.
I'm putting my money on him.
I'm putting something on him.
My hands.
Money might help.
Can we cash deal?
I don't think so.
I think he's got more money than God.
Those punks.
Goes to show you talent really pays off.
Six to five under one, nine to five under six.
I don't want to get too horsey now.
We got 40 minutes until post time.
Get back to CNN.
Thank you.
Remind me when it's like 120 to go back on the odds channel.
I.
For example, then we'll see what the morning line is.
We'll see how many horses are in the second race.
If anybody scratched, when it be something of our seven horse got scratched?
Whoa.
Then I have to pick another one.
422 votes on the pool.
That's not too bad.
The most memorable day in my lifetime was the day of the 9-11 terror attacks 102.
My first child was born 82.
Kennedy was shot 46.
I lost my virginity 38.
That was down 15 points.
Not too bad.
My memory am shot 33.
I got married 27.
Obama was elected 22.
The space shuttle exploded 22.
I moved away from Florida 17.
Barack Obama was an aggravated eight.
I got divorced seven.
It snowed in Florida six.
I moved to Florida five.
I graduated college three.
The first moon landing two and Nixon resigned two.
The most memorable day in my life was the day Nixon resigned.
Okay.
I mean, well, I mean, we're asking their opinion.
Sure.
425 votes.
I mean, who the hell are we to say, boy, that's...
I don't know.
I'm not so exciting.
I'm not gonna judge.
I mean, I was happy the day he resigned.
And then I remember him getting on that chopper and like giving the, you know, the V for Victory son.
Oh, my God.
One of those fingers should have been in his...
Back them.
God, there was constipated pat there standing there.
Pat Nixon, one of the most boring people, my God.
She was even more boring than Jimmy Cifalitic.
And that is a real indictment if ever there was one.
Now, do you think I can resist at two o'clock?
Because I've got like a ritual.
Okay.
Even on days when I drive myself.
Not in the early morning hours.
But like during the week.
I have a ritual, two o'clock.
I go to the Chinese No Speaking English or Convenience Store.
And I buy a Snickers bar.
A king size almond Snickers bar.
And I eat it in the cab on a way.
I was there a way I could wean myself away from that.
That's not a good deal.
It's not stupid.
Right.
Well, you could just not.
But I'm gonna eat.
You can't not like you.
I can't sit here and eat noodles in the stomach, believe lunch.
Or like yesterday, pick out on the field with that great food they brought.
I can't do that.
I ain't got no food.
Right.
You could just not eat.
Not what?
Not eat?
Not eat.
Are you crazy person or what?
I've been accused.
My God.
What is wrong with you, man?
Just not eat.
Just don't eat.
And now if they had slim gyms over there, which they don't.
But if they did, I like slim gyms just fine.
Or if you buy you something, take them with you.
That's a really good idea to stock up.
Why do you go to a store, a real store where they have slim gyms, a whole bunch of them.
And stock up.
You can buy them by the box.
I know that.
Don't you think I know that?
I don't even buy them in those round things like the tabletop.
That's right.
There you go.
In those long tubes.
And just stuff some in your pocket and your jacket pocket.
Or I could stuff one in my neck.
That would be a real good.
Just don't get the extra long ones.
Oh, here.
This is 150 pounds.
Use there are dreaming.
What about the Maester Brown, the pizza, MSU?
I demand proof.
A picture on your website.
It never happened.
Go ahead.
I dare you.
I don't have any pictures of from those days.
Now, I guess I do down there.
I have one in my Michigan State jacket.
But again, this is this is when I was in a high school.
I would 150 pounds.
All of when I was in Michigan State, I still wait 150.
Even though we ate varsity driving, varsity driving.
We used to get food delivered to the dorm all the time.
Those were the days, man.
Cherry coaks.
Pizza.
Footlong hot dogs.
For long we need pizza.
Oh, fuck.
Pizza, yeah.
That's right.
Pizza.
Varsity driving.
Damn good pizza.
It is our recall.
I don't know.
Maybe now it will taste like crap.
Seemed pretty good to me back in the day.
And I didn't gain a lot of weight there.
But when I went to Boston, oh my god, 1960, 162,
just ballooned up because I was eating.
Brigham's ice cream and Prince Brigetti House.
And Joe Animo is subs.
Anybody remember Joe Animo's?
Nope.
One thing about New England, now there is some place they used to call him grinders.
Right.
They had the best damn subsamages ever.
I mean, what passes is the subsamages now in a lot of places.
I don't want to say like, uh, subway.
I mean, I want to say that.
But I mean, you got to be kidding me.
Oh, the beast.
The beast, of course, say New England boy.
Says, I definitely remember Wednesday is Prince Brigetti Day.
Also, when we're eating at the Prince Grotto on Lowell at the Prince headquarters.
He says, wait, why did I leave Boston again?
I don't know why would anybody leave Boston and come to South Florida?
That's a bad mistake.
Bad move, beast, though.
But then again, he wouldn't have met his lovely wife and his life would be.
And he wouldn't have worked at the QAM.
He wouldn't be on those canes games like that.
By the way, thanks a lot, Beast, for that abortive effort yesterday.
I definitely played part of the responsibility on your shoulders, on your tubby shoulders.
Don't you?
I'm getting back to it even now.
It's going to, we're going to have a green arrow and up, up up in a way pretty soon.
That's my take.
Four minutes till post-time for the first regul stream.
Do we care about the first race?
Not really.
Huh?
No.
In fact, they're going to the gates.
No, they're coming on the track post-parade.
Five minutes till the third.
Fourteen.
Mutianu.
I beg your pardon?
Did you hear what he just said?
Squaddle.
Fifteen King, macho.
He said, booty on you.
The jockey for number 16, five star DJ, is Alan Garcia.
Well, there is a rider of somebody else.
It's like a real jockey.
13 and 16 will run, and the 16 will be written by Alan Garcia.
Race five today.
Just an overweight here, number four.
When Harold changes it, that's pretty unendered.
That's what I call compelling radio, man.
Yeah.
It is.
Two and a half lengths off the lead.
The truck was leading to one by three to five in the first race.
22 and four in the quarter.
Heading to the half final.
The pole.
It's anything you want.
It's anything you want.
It's anything you want.
It's anything you want.
Grand Central lifts, split through one again, side in his null second.
Moonport alongside third.
Favorite flashback.
Pushed along fourth.
No, three and a half lengths off the lead.
No, no, it can't be made.
Maybe the one is going to win my open line.
Is anything you want gets away.
No, no, no, no.
Or at the truck.
Or at the truck.
Anything you want by two null.
Moonport is second.
Grand Central is dropped back a bit on the inside.
Then favorite flashback.
And that's like four point pastis and they're into the stretch.
And it's anything you want holding on to the lead down to the eight pole.
Clear two and a half from Moonport.
And then comes Grand Central in third.
It is anything you want.
And Cornelio, but I ask his clear, a 16th out.
Well, there's like a real jockey.
You want to come down to the wire in control.
It means by five.
Okay.
The one the truck first race.
And that's just like an exercise.
Just to warm up for the second race for a big one.
For Nick.
One to two, three dollar horse.
Who that wants one to two you by 20 bucks.
You get 30 you're back.
I kind of what kind of take it.
How long one you would?
Sure.
You want a three dollar horse.
Sure.
Well, give me a three dollar horse.
The one in the first race of Gulfstream.
All right.
I'm going to go get better right now.
Okay.
Get fleet to go to a window for you.
What am I grousing about?
I haven't eaten anything.
It's because I'm talking about that candy bar.
I think I'm allergic to chocolate.
Could be.
Now I'm positive.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because a lot of times I'll think that first bite out of the snickers or any chocolate bar and I'll start.
You know, coughing and gagging and choking on it.
Yeah.
Wow.
Allergy.
Cut the crap.
No, I like it.
All right.
And you have to have a new snickers almond bar.
No.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
Yeah.
Now what about the Bobbi Kennedy assassination?
RFK?
Don't you want to put that on there, if you wish?
It says before 9'11 the Rodney King rights with the biggest thing in this open
snapper's life, Rodney King riots.
Remember Rodney King?
Yep.
Are they sure Whipped Israel's into shape?
Well, all of the riots of all time.
Life is the life right.
Make no mistake about it.
So momentarily, once they make the first race,
oh, official call stream, then they'll put up the thing
on the odds channel.
Only three minutes to post for the second race
at the Tampa.
They still got the first.
It's not official yet.
And we don't have Steve Sloan out there either.
Right.
So they better be like no, in other words,
a seven-way better win by open lengths in that second race.
We don't want like a long photo or like that.
Or an objection and inquiry, stuff like that.
Stuff you don't understand.
What?
And of course, if the seven doesn't win,
we're going to lodge our own objection.
I object.
I object to that crappy ride or whatever, you know.
I can tell you some racetrack stories,
but I won't bore you with them.
OK.
Please.
Go ahead.
No.
Now it's still, well, I'll move on.
I'll pass on.
Got my shirt and pants on.
Good.
Johnny from Oklahoma.
Oh, not Johnny.
I'm disappointed to hear you fail to keep your length promise and have continued to gamble.
What you're really gambling with is your eternal salvation.
At the very least, don't eat me today.
Fish is fine.
Always praying for you.
Crazy Johnny from Oklahoma.
Oh, boy.
Whoa.
Speaking of chronic Jimmy Dorsky is on.
The thing.
OK.
Did you disappoint him?
Any information about turbans and you sleep with them on or like, you know, like that?
It's sad.
Somebody's got to know.
I'm sure they don't.
I'm sure they watch them.
I don't know if they sleep with them.
Yeah, I hear you're sure they watch them.
You've never seen some of these cabbies here, man.
Oh, my God.
No cabbies it would buy.
Holy cow.
Maybe they just don't watch in general.
I don't think that.
Right.
Right.
Smelly punjabi like my cab guy says smelly punjabi.
He also says smelly Chinese.
Well, he's a bigot, you know.
And then again, so am I.
Is there anything wrong with being a little bit bigoted?
I mean, not not there's like malignant bigotry and like benign.
I'm a benign bigot.
OK.
I like all kinds of people if they're nice people, but if they're smelly and nasty and
like, you know, and like the loud Russian women, oh, my God, is there anything worse than
loud Russian women?
Yeah.
A lot Russian man.
Oh.
Here's one from Jimmy D.
Just wanted to say, I have a great weekend.
I've got nothing of value to wear.
Just thought I'd chime in since I have no life.
PS check out the latest episode of South Park.
Oh, my God.
Do these people listen to the show or what?
How many times have we discussed the latest episode of South Park?
About 30,000.
About 30,000.
These people who write the emails, they don't listen to the show.
They do not listen to the show.
There's two new email.
Oh, here they're hiding.
They're hiding.
Gulf Street Park Race 2.
The 4 and the 6 are scratched.
So that makes it a 7 horse race.
The 5 bears general will be the lone speed.
They will not catch him also coming back in distance.
The 7 is making a big class drop.
Just hasn't run in 120 days.
Train or not.
Good off a layoff.
Oh, boy.
Favorites lose 70% of races.
Yeah, I know that.
Not a Gulf Street, though.
The favorites have been winning 45%.
But anyway, so the 4 and the 6 are scratched.
Is what he says.
Leave it to a listener to tell us what's going on.
Yuki's ridges out and senior product.
So that's a lot of the speed is off.
So bears general is the lone speed in the race.
I'm still sickening one of my choice.
It's only a 5 1 1 1 2 half for a long race.
So he hasn't been out a while.
Do you think he's going to come up short?
Lots of workouts.
He'll be ready.
I don't know.
But at least it's something.
And even even this guy doesn't know who the damn jockey is.
Can you can can you can read a Castillo?
What's his name?
I don't know.
Oh.
Neil long time first time.
Great.
I was watching the season premiere of South Park
with the Jonas Brothers Mickey Mouse.
Remind me of the Mickey bits you play.
As George, if he saw the show Rollguard,
Rollguard, we've talked about this
until it's coming out of my nostrils.
Right.
Your is my ass.
And for all the people that asked me if I saw the premiere
of South Park, obviously we've never met.
You don't know me.
We're strangers.
Brandon says if you must eat candy bars,
just stay away from those crunchy bars.
I love crunchy, but I don't eat them.
So I don't know what that means.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
You don't have crunchy there because it's a Canadian candy
bar.
OK.
Are they bad?
No, they're good.
They're like they got like toffee inside like hard.
Maybe that's why you should stay away from them because they're good.
And you're like let them melt on your tongue.
If you're, you know, if you got any willpower, self-control,
they're going to the gate for the third race in Tampa.
It is now.
So we're now to a seven horse race entering the starting game in our race.
Eight to five favorite number four, Thunder Cannon.
Thunder Cannon.
And Ronnie Allen, Jr. has the code.
Oh, Ronnie Allen, Jr.
He's big over there in Tampa.
So he's big, but two feet tall.
You ever wonder about chockies?
Wonder what?
Why they're short?
No, no, not why they're short.
That's genetic.
It's in their genes, man.
Not much in their genes.
I would have never less.
What's the question?
There is no question.
I say, OK.
Just kill in time till they get in the gate.
That's fine.
This is not our race, by the way.
Don't get all panicky in the jerky.
This is the third race at Tampa Bay Downs.
With our favorite announcer, what's his name?
Somebody told us what his name was, but not that it makes any difference.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Well, why not?
Aren't you writing these things down?
No.
Oh, the seven boy they're pushing and shoving him and they finally got him in the gate.
Like get in there.
You piece of turd.
You turd burger.
One more to move in.
All right.
Jim's cover up.
Yeah, cover this up from the stable up to Wayne night.
BB BB BB.
He stepped in there at the post.
You know what he stepped in?
No, crap.
Big pile of it.
And.
Come on, let's have a real good one here.
At the break.
Break a leg.
And they're off.
No, he ain't doing it today.
He's not doing it right.
That's just that you know what this is like this is like the UN basketball community just off to office just despite me
Somebody probably got word of this guy. Oh Roger's down in Miami is carrying the caller
So when you when the horses break just give it like a real immediate okay call
Don't give them the award-winning call, you know what I mean? Yep now you're supposed to remind me a 120 about you take a look at the odds
Channel forget to look at the odds and see the what it says there for Gulfstream
The four in the six are scratch. Thank you some all the seven is opening is four to five favorite and Phil Arks is bet the truck
How do you like that? We got 50 bucks to win for Nick on the seven four to five. He'll go back up the five is six to five
The seven is down to three to five now
They're punching him punching their guts out
Some piece
But now we got some funky stuff that's made with bovine wheeze
I'd like to teach the world to drink
Some coffee
You'll never go back to drinking coke because cow urine's tasty
It's a
Drinks on today
He's very salty
Don't forget to ask you to grow some of that. Oh, yeah for that dyed copie is really good stuff 131 a QA
I'm with 13 minutes away from post-time the five bears general is six to five second choice and the seven our horse five afternoons favorite four to five
Now the five bears general pukes to a walk
I don't care how a little speed there is in a race. He stops to a walk
Even in his last race maiden twelve five which is today's class
He's got two starts at golf stream four by 16 lengths and fifth by ten and a half
All but he's turning back to five and I don't care. I don't care if they're going ten feet. Okay, this horse stops to a walk except for that one time and woodbine
With a great M. J. Wilson
That was back in November. Yes, well, they're not running at woodbine
There's not depressing not really well
They're not running through birds of woodbine right now anyway. You want to know why because it's still a
That ass wintertime
Harness racing's going on a woodbine. Let's the catch it. Let's get into some of those. Oh, you got to know it's Jackie Mo
Here's still van Filion on the outside boy boy those Filions so the fate-way Reynolds is the seven five afternoons
He already told me that before that's my pick even money even money on both the five and a seven a crowd can't decide
Richard Grunder is the tracking answer from Tampa Bay down as it says
Says fake Joey right did we get that like last week or when you ask boy. Yeah, well, we forgot
Richard Grunder write it down all right and
Theraugh. Oh look. I did write it down. You did yeah Tampa Bay Richard Grunder
Come on you didn't really write it down here look oh
Yeah
Brandon says you just don't remember the episode where you and George both eight crunchy bars on the air
George took one bite it was too much for him to sweet you almost went into a coma stay away from them. He's right. Oh
They're sickeningly sweet
Those ones are really sticky like like honey. Yeah. Yeah. Oh nasty sickeningly sweet
I'm getting I like to about it. I like sweet man
Yeah, speaking of sweet what will be that I see the other day. I was talking about it before with the Josh Hartnett what's that movie?
Oh the faculty faculty. Yeah, not bad at all. It's gross. That monster's nudity. What's not to like?
It's one of those high school slash college slash monster or a flix, you know
It had its moments and had that chick running around naked. She had boobs like raspberries
Like raisinets
She was this flat chested is like a five-year-old girl
But nevertheless and they have filmed it from a distance all I guess you didn't want either they didn't want to show too much flesh or
They didn't want to see that her boobs were like raisinets
Even money on a 765 on the 5 and we got 10 minutes till post-time
Is the pressure building I don't feel like a lot of pressure. It's only a seven horse field now
I just wish I knew who this jockey was and there's nobody in this audience who's got any idea
All I know is he wrote a fissledown
Where's this all down then Ohio somewhere?
Mm-hmm
I sure hope it's not like a raceway park in Toledo. Oh my god
They have the triple cripple race there Jane and Deerfield says the day the US evacuated from South Vietnam was pretty memorable
I remember laying in front of the TV watching the helicopters taking off
Off the roof of the US Embassy and the people try to get on board
I was 12 at the time and it's just always stuck in my mind. Well, thanks Jane have a wonderful weekend. Oh Jimmy D is back
Oh
Sorry about not hearing into the South Park talk
I missed yesterday show and tune in about a half hour ago
Do I dare ask if you saw John Stewart tear Jim Kramer? No one. Oh who cares? Who cares tearing Jim Kramer? No one is like what?
What's the big deal with that?
It would be like if a circus clown was reading the news and doing you know summer salts
How difficult would be to tear him an ass?
Says by the way, I know it's worse than the loud Russian women old Crocs
It depends on the seniors and publics with their transient New Yorker attitudes who are intent on making everyone's day a living hell
Where's Dr. Kavorkin when we need to oh lighten up a little Jimmy D calm down
God
Oh, here's another one about Prince spaghetti
If you remember Anthony's mother yelling out of the apartment window then the announcer says it's Wednesday
In the Italian north end of Boston
It's Prince spaghetti day, etc. And I don't remember that thanks Scott. Do you remember that? No?
It's Wednesday in the Italian north end. It's Prince spaghetti day. Well, that's because you never been in Boston
Yeah, that would make some of the five is up to eight to five down the sevens even money
So that means if we at the seven wins it's a hundred bucks for a Nick even money
I
Bet you nickel take it especially during these tough economic times, right?
Right and based based on the way this thing is going. It's a two horse race according to the crowd the
five and a seven and
Bears general a puke if ever I saw a horse that puked
With the exception of that one time just that one time and that was in a maiden 16,000 that was in better company a woodbuy
An image and kept him going he was head and head and nose and lost by nose by a nostril
With a good speed ring that was his only good race the rest of the races puke city. I don't like pukeers
One thing I learned about horse racing a long time ago all the five just got to hit to even money the seven seven to five
One thing I learned about pukeers puke. You know what I mean? Yeah, they stop
Yeah, puke is puke
Good some good philosophy to all you kids out there keep that in mind as you go through life pukeers puke
Rich and Orlando says this is one of the best polls ever
They all you folks such incredible memories. I voted for the most unforgettable moment that's still vividly dangly in my mind
The Kennedy assassination of course you missed the oldest memory amongst your listener base the attack on Pearl Harbor
You only need to be 80 to remember that so many great choices. Yeah, we're not putting a Pearl Harbor on there
If you remember that you're too old you're too old for prime time, right? Yeah
December 7th 1941
Right that's like what 60 eight years ago and you have what I had to be yeah like he says close to 80
Even older than me so the seven is seven to five the five is even money
That's bad. No, actually that's good. It's a better price for us like 460 480
And now the five went to 65 and the seven is seven to five
The five and a bear is general now who's writing that oh many were mirrors a jockey somebody once heard of what's his percentage now
Kendrick Castillo his percentage is
Last year he had three months and didn't win any
And this year none
Confidence as they say is low
Oh
Fuck 12 Friday you bastard boy. It's nip and talk. It's a close five horses six to five favorite and a seven is eight to five
And they're showing the damn post parade from Tampa. We don't need to see this
We got one minute to post-demeter showing this crap here on my HPI
My god, what is wrong with you people?
See they always feel compelled to show the post parade so before people are gambled their money
They see if the horses you know got all four legs and if he's standing up. Okay. That's a good idea
No, no no because I want to see the damn screen from Gulfstream right now. We don't want to miss the race
Well, let me go back to the odds channel by the time I get back to this they'll be done
65 on the five eight to five on the seven eight to five is about five sixty
Five sixty so five sixty how do you like that two a.m
So 50 bucks on five sixty is a two hundred and forty bucks. Oh, here we go
Are they all in now they're going in thank God what pressure?
There is general about to move in
Here is general puke or he's even money the seventh nine to five now five got the late hit. Oh boy
Bad news, baby. Well, they got to run the race to load our 10-goal ridge and
Victor strike
Yeah
They're in a gate
Victor strike coming up. Yeah, and there he goes and they're all in line. Yeah
They're off
You know what to do on the inside of the road for the lead there's general away well on the outside five afternoons
These three speed out for the lead. Oh boy
Speaking of the five in the song Victor strike on the far outside
It's five is going to be the seven is on the other side of the trailer. No
This is a pile pole they move into the fire turn bears general and five afternoons kick off
This is perfect. It's a five is a tricker. Two and three. They've opened up five six lengths. The five is got to
You know what's in this right side?
Side by even mortal tiger Eden song. I think the silver one Victor strike and Tango Ridge is last maybe not five afternoons and
Bears general strive for stride boy as they come to the top nose to nose
There's been a hand inside
Afternoons right alongside second and now their five lengths clear of mortal tiger who's closing in from third
I was a mortal tiger trying to come in at the top two its bears general five after
I was gonna win a race tiger continues to gain on the far outside bears general on the rail five afternoons mortal tiger
Bears general holds on yeah, we got second. We got beat
How do you like that? Oh live the chalk and you know what she'll arc says bet the chalk bet the chalk four to five
We got second sorry Nick
There's a hell of a race. It's like a match race. Oh well
Neck and neck knows to know is all the way to the top of the stretch and then the five he won by I don't know
He won't buy enough
He's supposed to puke don't you understand puke right that's what somebody told me that's what muggy Solomon once told me long time ago puke
is puke
I said you must be talking about Joe Belly. He said you are absolutely
Correct sir Rafiq says Craig Worthing always said on the show Wednesday's
Prince Brigadier he did say that did he ever you look with al night no he looked with some Chinese guy
Also you have him needs to be on a light bulb station QA must have small ratings on you of Miami
And wonder why Joe Bell is losing his rectum on them with all the people he has to pay for you M games
Oh, yeah, it's a real real profit making deal man at UM basketball
They they sell out their soul so they can get the UM football games the only problem with that is that the UM football games
Would get any ratings they never have and never will but nevertheless
It's part of our wall of football. Don't you understand that was disappointing
And I thought the five would puke in a second would go right on by and the jockey game a really good ride to whatever his name is
Whoever he is
Aren't you depressed that's two weeks in a row? Oh well, but I'm right there. It's not like I picked some stiff. It's still running
Right there
What how much do we get for that nothing really of course he did remember
Luba once when we were doing the college World Series in Omaha
We went to X-Sarban which fell into Nebraska backward. That was the racetrack X-Sarban
Cute. Yeah, very clever and he bet on a horse that came in second like they didn't he he shows me his ticket
He says how much is this worth I so it all depends on how much that paper how much the stock is worth at its print it on how much is this worth
What an old silly as funny dirty he was more luba
I wonder if he's dead yet. I'm sure he must be
More luba did color on the Keynes games in the one season
Yeah, he was old and ponderous
Mort luba old funny dirty guy, you know
You know how those guys are sure old and funny, daddy
Mecha says I knew you were gonna make fun of my name. It's not even that bad my sister's name is Bonquisha
And her daughter's name Chanel
Her sister's name is Bonquisha her name is Misha and her sister is Bonquisha
What more do you want one wecha?
I know what's black folks like to get crazy when it comes to names. We think it's cool. Oh, is that what it is?
It says I'm gonna try the slot machine for the first time that I'm going to hard rock any suggestions
Yeah, my suggestion is and I'm very serious when I say this don't don't
Don't start
Don't take any money you can't afford to lose because the odds are overwhelming you're gonna lose honey
And that says you never played the Jamaican ladies soccer call if you have time still I would love to hear it
And if not have a great weekend. I don't know what she's talking about Jamaican ladies soccer call
That's something that we have I think it was on a best of or something one of those and you had
I haven't got a clue what she's talking about
Mecha when you know where to start and then a quisha whatever. I mean what is that been a quisha?
Wow
I wonder if they're kind of may see Pee sure who oh
Here we go show advice from Rooster Chuchu yadi yada here again
I go giving you show advice yadi you know something I'm doing just fine. I don't need any show advice
I don't need your hostile crap day after day, but it'll kill some time right up till the end here
I'm printing it out right now
About how to get a young vibrant audience yadi. This is a labaster Rooster Chuchu definitely labaster or one of his crew
It's first racing what or one of his crew?
Scroll him screw him and that the bunch of losers over there
Oh, we got this young vibrant audience yeah, and how much how much cash they pulling over there how much they lose in their ass
Rooster Chuchu here I go again giving you show advice one of the things labaster used to mock and surpass
Hank Goldberg was horse racing segments
You mock tank mercilessly because nobody under 60 years old cares about horse racing period let alone horse racing on the radio
Old Fards care about the sport of kings. I'd suggest this segment on mixed martial arts
It's like boxing but for men
There are quite a few events all over the state every weekend you can try to hand you cap the fights and bring on someone who does and I guarantee you the ratings would let long
Restrooms will increase oh, yeah
The labaster show does this every week you probably ignore and dress me down once again for even suggesting such a thing
Just don't say I'm not trying we don't want you to try want you to mind your own business
Don't say I'm not trying
Did we ask this idiot for advice please are we looking for a show advice are we looking for an instruction?
Critique and that no we're not what we're looking for is idiots like you to go away go eat a loaf with labaster
Okay, and stew gods you can be the pivot man rooster
God is that is that pathetic or what mixed martial arts on the radio? I bet you that's pretty exciting
Mm-hmm. It sounds captivating we're doing it now
Not compelling compelling sounds like compelling radio to me mixed martial arts right next to golf and bowling and
Tilly winks and majong I can't wait until we broadcast the majong tournaments from hell and Dale
Mm-hmm my my my
Rooster Chuchu that that's labaster oh the young vibrant audience let me say it again
Two weeks in a row my ass actually three weeks in a row and six races. What is this? Oh?
Here a fill arc again bet the truck. I'm doing pretty name good. I got four winners out of seven or eight weeks
Whatever it is and a close second right there
That was a good effort to my new couldn't the scene it was a great race. Oh well
It was a cheap race, but it was a great race hidden head nose to nose in addition to which who the hell knew who's gonna be the truck
Until the last last flash see this is a guy who knows nothing about racing or about betting
How the hell could anybody tell who would be the truck? They were like both even Steven
They were like both three to two until the last flash
When the five took late late cash
Oh
Yeah, you're doing this and you're doing that wrong and you're losing money for the guys if I ask you you
fill arc
How about getting a real name? How about having a real identity? How about being like a real living and breathing person, huh fill arc?
I wonder if he's kind of Joan of cute. I bet he ain't
Bet you're right
159 votes on the pull the most memorable moment of my lifetime or day the 9 11 attacks
115 and you want to know why we were all large that includes everybody all ages all demographics even the old far too like course racing
That thing again it stinks
Like
You have to get off your back
Oh
Now that we got rid of the neocon ground
And I was gonna be
Oh
I've been this way she's gonna
Oh
All right
All right
Bye Bye Bye
