560.
Just ain't over that far.
By the way, just ain't no Roger show.
To talk to Neil, dial 56070560 in date and broard.
In other counties, call toll free 8777.
What's your name?
They were not dealers today.
4.560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of
WQAM management staff or sponsors.
A no-no-neil Roger show on 560WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Well, now it's time to panic.
After inauguration day, push his back and proper.
There's no one left to blame.
He might break in, but promises he made along the way.
Hopefully don't screw up everything in his first 100 days.
For his first 100 days, mine really suck.
The banks and not all makers all want a trillion bucks.
He's been looking for the bathroom in the White House half the day.
He already missed his Chicago in his first 100 days.
His first 100 days, he's got some thank you cards to write.
Tresco, father, flager and Reverend Jeremiah Wright.
Chances are his mom and all will be driving him insane.
Because she doesn't man, I'll really be amazed.
And his first 100 days.
All right, 10-1 at 560WQAM.
Happy Friday the 13th.
Wow.
Oh, and here's a picture of the Miami Skyline, but the rest of the little blurb didn't come out.
Oh, geez.
Forbes magazine rates Miami as the ninth most miserable city in the USA.
What are you turtling about?
You're such a turtler.
Sorry, I think that's funny.
You always act like he swallowed the cat or something, swallowed a canary.
Miami's been crushed by the housing collapse, Moody's economy.com estimates 25% of mortgages in Miami are delinquent or likely to be written off as bad debt.
That can't be collected.
Violent crime, no way to win.
It just changed to St. Louis number 10.
I'll go back to it.
Violent crime and corruption are also off the charts.
Yeah, corruption like that statement they want to spend $750 million taxpayer money to build for a couple of rich spoiled A-holes while the teachers are getting the screw job.
Elie Ann was handed in, of course, as always.
Oh, geez.
You're picking that out.
She's such an idiot.
Oh, Rafi, you're so wonderful, Rafi.
Yeah.
She ain't saying so wonderful now that all these guys are turned out to be a bunch of roids, roid pumpers.
Now she's got her, she's mum about that.
She's busy arguing with Forbes magazine.
A Florida congresswoman is calling out Forbes magazine for including my men.
It's listed the 10 most miserable cities in the country, miserable.
So while you people that keep sending me all that proper gander about, oh, Brickle is this and, yeah, go ahead.
Have a good time there.
Misurable.
The publication ranked major metro areas on nine factors including commute times and employment or weather.
It docked Miami for its level of violent crime and corruption and said the city has been crushed by the housing collapse.
Not just harmed, not just wounded, crushed.
Yep.
Yeah, I wonder.
I mean, this sounds very insensitive.
It's terrible because it's a real tragedy that plane crash near Buffalo last night.
But if you were flying to Buffalo, what would you be better off landing or dying in a plane crash?
Ooh.
That's bad.
Well, that's just the way I look at it.
First of all, I wouldn't be flying to Buffalo.
I wouldn't be driving to Buffalo.
I wouldn't be going to Buffalo.
I don't want to be.
I'm fairly close to Buffalo.
That was close as I ever want to be.
You don't be shuffling off anytime soon.
Now, will I be shuffling off to Buffalo or even Buffalo Raceway in Hamburg, New York?
US representative Ilyana Rosanna Dana said editors accepted confusing statistics as opposed to actually visiting,
getting a feel of our tropical paradise.
It's bozos like you, Ilyana, that make Miami what it is today.
It's imbaciles like you, you crazy old bitch.
In a statement yesterday, she cited South Florida's beaches, art festivals and cultural diversity,
making a case against the number nine ranking.
Well, I'm sure that they're going to listen to you in a Forbes magazine.
Ilyana, with your tremendous credibility.
Bleh, bleh.
She is a big part of what's wrong in that town.
Ilyana, she's a big part of it.
She symbolizes it.
Anyway, here's the list.
Stockton, California is the number one most miserable city in the country.
All of these top ten I can go along with except number three.
Number two Memphis, Tennessee.
Who the hell would want to be there?
Number three, shocking to me, Chicago.
What?
Yeah.
Now, let me, let me read to you.
Let me go back to this thing.
Okay, if I can find it.
I have to back up.
There's Miami.
There's Buffalo is number eight.
Oh, should be hard. Detroit seven.
What a bunch of losing towns on this list.
Flint, Michigan number six.
Modesto, California five.
Number four Cleveland.
Oh, amen to that.
A Chicago living cost in the second city are not much higher than the national average.
But the 10.3 percent sales tax is a killer and the highest of any city.
A winning Olympic pitch should move along needed transportation infrastructure improvements.
That's all it says.
Doesn't tell us why they think Chicago was great.
Yeah, that's awesome.
But I haven't been there in a long time though.
Anyway, Stockton, California, Memphis, Chicago, Cleveland, four, Modesto, California five.
Flint, Michigan six.
Just ask Michael Moore, he'll tell you seven Detroit.
Oh, you don't want to go there eight Buffalo.
You definitely don't want to go there nine Miami and 10 St. Louis.
What a list.
And Elliott is all upset.
Oh, geez.
They're picking others again.
Yeah, because of simple things like you, bitch.
You're one of the reasons they're picking on Miami.
How can anybody could vote and put you in office?
Serious, by the way, was down to six cents this morning, not spec up to eight.
It's definitely a selling opportunity at eight cents.
That's what Flea said.
Flea also said Gary Sarner's a putts.
Yep.
And doesn't see that how fast he responded that he's not worried.
I'm not dragging him out of the closet on this one.
Gary Sarner, who was our national sales manager,
and just recently got demoted to just regular ordinary flunky order taker,
which is what he's been all this time anyway.
Oh, I don't do copy.
I don't do copy.
I just, yeah, that's right.
Idiot.
Yep.
And you know, let's just, now let's find out about your deal right off the bat.
So I don't forget about it.
All right.
By the way, before that, today is picked up ony day at Gulf Stream.
Art is our contestant.
We don't use people's last names.
I don't know why, but that's all right.
I don't want his last name.
And my pick in the second race today, collaborative number four.
I like that Italian name.
Is that in the jockey?
Was it what?
Is that the chalk?
No, it will not be.
It's five to one in the morning line.
It's not going to be a big price though.
I think it's going to get that down.
It was claimed in the last start and had an excuse finished third kissing code,
which is the five horse in this race finished second in the same race.
But collaborative had an excuse steady in the back stretch.
And that was only five and a half for long.
This is six and a half.
So we'll see.
Second time, Lasex.
You've done well.
You've done well.
I've had two hundred and three starts both by a head though.
Very too close for comfort.
I don't like that.
Much too close.
Now can we start out this morning with a very, very hostile and negative email,
which I'm sure is a fake, but nevertheless could be real.
It's probably a John ZTR or whatever his name is, because he also sent me a link to some interview with the Joaquin Phoenix from Letterman.
I'm not going to.
You think I'm going to watch that?
I watch that.
And he's either a really good actor or he's really high on drugs, one of the other.
Wow, what do you do?
He just seems very out of it and like mumbles and seems like he's really high.
Yeah, but why do I care about Joaquin Phoenix?
I don't know.
I don't.
Marisa Thomas at Big Booty Marisa at the something else.
Now see the email address.
I didn't see in the beginning.
That should be a little bit of a tip off at Big Booty Marisa.
Right.
Well, it could be real.
Sure.
You listen to it and see if you think it's real or make believe if it's just another Ojrampravakator stirring the pot.
Good morning, Neil.
I just wanted to say that I respect you.
I admire that you've been radio so long and is still on top.
I also admire you for coming out on the air and all that stuff you did when nobody had the guts to do it.
Now while I listen to your show, the real reason that I listen is because of George.
It's not a knock against you, but as a woman in my 20s, it's hard to get the humor from your generation.
George is more my generation as he was born after the 1970s.
When you joke around, I don't get it.
I've said they're trying to analyze to see if it's funnier if I just don't get it.
With George, that never happens.
I get the jokes.
There isn't a generational gap like there is with you.
It's like you're talking to me in Chinese, but I only speak English.
No speaking English.
When I listen to George, I feel invigorated.
With you, it's the opposite.
I feel like someone must feel after they get into a car crash.
The show ends and I feel disoriented and keep asking myself, what was that?
What was that?
Oh, gee, I'm so sorry, Maurice.
Not.
When you announced last year that you renewed your contract for another five years,
I was devastated because I was really looking forward to George getting his own show.
Please pass this on to George.
I love his show and he's awesome.
I'm just tired of all these George haters recently.
I wanted to balance it out.
Right.
Maurice said, obviously, a fake or one of the nastiest bitches ever come down to play.
I mean, you club George, right?
You want George's fine, you know?
But first of all, if I did retire, do you think they're going to give George the show
as anybody believe that?
What do you think?
Maybe.
You really believe that?
Yeah, I think it's a maybe.
Wow.
And of course, this is Flea who's got the boss's rear to his ear.
Oh, I can only imagine what that sounds like.
Oh, yeah, it's not pretty.
Oh, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, Flea knows what it sounds when he's got his ear to the boss's rear.
In other words, back home.
Right.
With you, I feel like someone must feel after they get into a car crash.
Thanks Maurice, if you're for real, which I doubt.
But if it's in this slight case that you might be, for honest to go this person, you are one...
Well, stupid, I think is the word I'm looking for.
Really stupid.
Yeah.
She doesn't get it.
She doesn't understand my humor.
See, one thing about George and George is fine in his own way.
But George is not funny.
You know what I mean by that?
He's not funny.
Right.
Well, he's funny looking.
But I mean, he's not funny on the ear.
We've all agreed about that.
Now, you think George is funny?
He has a good sarcastic wit.
No, that wasn't what I asked.
He's George funny on the ear.
No, I wouldn't call him funny.
Oh, okay.
I just mentioned that in passing.
But Mauricea, she gets his sense of humor and she loves it.
One major flaw though.
George is not born in the 70s.
No, he was born in the 60s.
Correct.
I think she said in the beginning of the letter.
Oh, she doesn't know her ass from your elbow, okay?
Mauricea, my ass.
Mauricea, what was the email again?
Bigboodymyass.com.
Something like that, I don't know.
Bigboody, yeah, that's John's ETR guaranteed.
Just like that other one with the big boobs that he made up with the grotesque pictures.
Can't wait to see some pictures of Mauricea.
Dumber than sawdust.
Oh, well, when you say, I just don't get it.
I said, here, wondering, did I miss something?
Yeah, you missed out on life, honey.
You missed out.
Yeah, my humor is very esoteric and very, very hard to understand.
Oh, God.
But that's a good way to start out on a Friday.
We got the race, the second race, 144 from Gulf Stream Park.
Anybody got any tips there?
I'm not going to change my pick though.
I'm sticking with, I scoured theiform there.
I went on, Steve's not going to be out there today or what?
Yes.
Is he?
Yeah, he's anywhere.
I want me to make sure the racing channel is coming in because George gets all been out of shape
because he can't get it on the cable there.
Well, here's the metal ends.
There's Dave Willeron top of the tube.
George Brennan in the pocket.
And here comes somebody on the outside.
I can't see you.
Early morning call is working closer.
Now, second a length and a half.
Looks like Yanik Jingrod.
I'm talking that cover toward the outside as extravagant.
I know my drivers, baby.
I know those colors.
I know obscure crap.
And second over, there's the great Brian Sears who's off to a bad start this year for some reason.
I'm glad vindicated his race.
Living alone.
No chance.
Early morning call trying to sustain his bed.
Well, Minko Dancer is there toward the outside.
But proud moment, yet some separation.
It's proud Momma with an eighth of a mile to go, opening up to a two and a half length lead.
And vindicated second.
Well, Minko Dancer closing on the outside.
They're heading down to the finish.
And here comes the great Brian Sears on the outside.
He looks at me like he's going to get second.
But proud moment will do it again.
And does.
It's a lot of the one from.
There you go.
There's the sell.
You can't play that.
They're going to get really upset across the street.
Did you hear that stuff yesterday?
No, I didn't hear that.
Oh, well.
You didn't know.
Well, what the hell were you doing?
Oh, that's right.
You've been promoted now.
Let's hear all about it.
I was doing one of my eight jobs yesterday.
This is a new assistant program director WQM flea flea Lee.
We'll talk about after the break.
So during the break, make up a bunch of stuff.
Okay.
In your mind, you don't think about the excuses you're going to get.
The fact that clearance is on the way out like that.
The fuck to our Friday, you bastards.
The inauguration of President Barack Obama.
People will forever remember the moment.
The majesty, the hat, the Aretha Franklin Mint proudly presents
Aretha's hat.
Now, you two can own the gaudy headwear worn by the queen of soul.
Yes, the hat in soft gray with its ginormous vidazzled bow,
making it one but ugly collectible headpiece.
Limited to just 300, Aretha's hat will thankfully only be offered for a short time.
So order yours today.
Own a piece of history.
Own the hat that no person with any self, areysp-easy-team.
Whatever wear from The Aretha Franklin Mint.
Okay, 1018 at 560 WQM.
Here's our award winning schedule.
Big O2, Mad Dog 4-7.
Everybody in the building.
Dolphin 9-7, away.
That's when everybody turns the radio off or at least somewhere else.
DA8-11 and then Greg Lyckin's 11-1.
Why is it we got a show from 11-1 on Friday night, not the other nights of the week?
Not really sure.
But you're the assistant PD now.
You should start sticking your nose into these things.
Yeah, I'm easing into it.
And by the way, thank you so much for doing something on our streaming.
So we don't get all those complaints anymore.
Oh, it's so bad.
It was so bad.
Tell us about your assignment as the new assistant PD.
Was that a legitimate, say I'm interrupting now.
I shouldn't interrupt.
So let me just say, no.
Go ahead.
It's more work for less money.
Less money.
Is that real?
Yeah.
You know, we all took a 5% pay cut and I was a part of that.
So I get the extra duties.
I get the 5% cut.
And you know, you took a 5% pay cut.
I took a 50% pay cut.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Hodgeot.
Oh, I know you did.
Yeah.
And I'm not real thrilled about it either.
Okay, I'm still doing just fine as wine.
But believe me, I'm not happy about it.
Sure.
But then again, when they're doing this dime a dozen with the spots, you know.
Dollar a holler was bad enough, but a dime a dozen.
Oh, yeah.
And so what's your relationship now with Clarence?
What is he doing?
What do you do?
I will be assisting him.
So I'm really.
I'm in what?
Well, I've taken over the stream part of it as you can tell.
So I fixed that.
I'll be doing some of the imaging and stuff like that, scheduling that and doing some of the creative on that.
And working with some of the producers on how to do actual radio.
And actual radio.
Oh, boy.
So it's going to be a.
It'll be a long journey.
That's for sure.
Wow.
Actual radio.
You're in the wrong building for that, Mr.
I think after all this time, you to finger that out after all your association with Jolly Jo Bell.
You to figure it out.
He don't do actual radio.
Well, he's too busy texting the guys across the street is what I heard.
That's what I hear.
For what?
Why does he have this incestuous relationship with these people?
See, the one thing I've always said since this guy came to town.
When you're in this business, the one thing I've learned to do over the years is you compete.
You don't suck up to the competition.
You don't roll over and play dead.
You compete.
They don't compete.
They don't even want to.
Hey, Joe, how about competing?
Oh, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I think maybe too much marijuana.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe he endured your light and a big fat one.
Maybe them and what's his name?
Michael Phelps.
The space could have.
Could be.
So that's it.
That's you're just.
You're not going to like to make some major changes.
When are you going to get Clarissa hell out of there?
I'm trying.
I'm sure that.
That's what he did to Duff.
Duff's a great guy and Clarissa stabbed him in the back and screwed him over.
And now Duff's out there.
Pay way.
Just going nuts trying to be a salesholder in these difficult times.
Yeah, Duff is awesome.
Duff's a great guy.
He actually likes this show and he knows something about radio.
And he's you know, not a backstabbing fool like Clarins.
Clarins is whole deal as I'm sure you've discovered by now is he surrounds himself with his little funky's the beast and Robert Grieper and all his little boyfriends.
That's Clarins's idea of this business monkey business.
Not real business monkey business.
Now you're going to step up to the plate like Ross Perot would say step up from playing in like a kick him in the teeth and cut this crap.
I'm sure trying to get the beast off the air.
First of all, by the way, I see he's on the schedule tomorrow, four to seven.
Yeah.
You think he belongs on the air?
No.
Well, how come he's on four to seven?
You're the newest assistant PD.
Why don't you make a change right now?
Why don't you do four to seven tomorrow?
I would love to do four to seven tomorrow.
Well, why aren't you?
I don't know.
Josh doesn't put me on the schedule anymore.
Oh, Josh is still making out the schedule.
Yeah.
Maybe I should take that over now.
I can schedule who I want.
Sounds good to me.
And what about Geldie?
What happened to him?
He's still around, but I guess with hockey season, he's kind of busy.
He's busy?
Yeah.
Don't see him on the schedule at all.
Not thought I'm complaining about that.
I've got the train to game tonight.
Yeah, I know.
And I sure hope that we have more Panther fans than Ranger fans.
That would be really embarrassing when the other team has more of their people.
Rangers, by the way, their fans probably are abandoning that sinking ship fast anyway.
Leafs lost again last night in Tampa, but that's not news.
I mean, that just goes with the territory.
They suck.
Vesataska couldn't stop a beach ball thrown from a little five-year-old child, a hundred yards away.
They suck.
But at least I admit one of my team sucks as opposed to these people.
Oh, super ball.
They're often going to the super ball.
Yeah.
How'd that work out?
Let me say it again.
They can thank.
They can kiss.
Brett Farve on the ass for coming back for that one horrendous season.
And wait until the cane season this year.
They could start the season 0 and 4.
Now, you being negative about the canes?
No.
You don't know the station you're on, Mr. Cleanson.
It's going to be really upset.
Arachite, dingbo.
That's right.
That's a tough schedule at the beginning of the season.
Good.
Good.
Hopefully lose them all.
All right, let me get to some of these.
Let me get to some of the first ones.
What?
Who they play?
The first one.
That's for sure.
Who?
Florida State.
Oh!
Bobby Bowden.
There's a real nose-picking Yehu for you.
That's right.
A real nose-picker.
Another one of those empire builders, like Woody Hayes and Bear Bryant.
Now, let's see.
Let me see what this one says.
There's a few of these about Miami.
Here's a picture of something in Miami.
Some street.
Street looks empty like a ghost town.
It looks like everybody has abandoned the town.
That's how it looks like here, another ghost town.
But, boy, I'm telling you this, sure.
A lot less traffic.
It's like everybody's gotten laid off.
There aren't as many people driving to work.
Stuff like that.
You know what I mean?
That sounds about right.
About right for what?
The description of this city.
People lose their count.
No, talk about Toronto.
Oh, Toronto.
Oh, yeah.
It's bad here, too.
Oh, come on.
Print this stupid thing out already.
William, I think it's frozen up.
Oh, I hate when my thing gets frozen up.
Here's one from JCP Black Knights,
whoever the hell that is.
It says, looks like he's lost the magic touch.
He's only one eight of his last hundred-one races,
meaning Brian Sears.
Also, Erica Dell has only one win in his last hundred-twenty-five starts.
Well, who the hell cares?
Dick, Dick, what's his name?
From Pompo, Park.
Dick Feinberg.
You used to always give me the song dance about.
Erica Dell is overrated and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And Erica Dell now is racing in New York,
and was doing really well,
really gotten those cold spots.
Don't worry about Brian Sears.
He hasn't lost the magic touch.
Don't worry about Brian.
He'll be back.
Go away with your caca.
Yeah, let's talk some harness racing with the fleet today.
That should be good for a minus-minus.
Okay, let's see what this says.
Oh, it didn't even print out.
Something about the Forbes thing.
I guess I'll have to go back.
Unless I already deleted it.
I want computers screwed up.
Uh-oh.
It is.
My outlook and stress won't come up.
It's time to reboot.
No, there it is.
Even if you accept the premise that Forbes should rank based on the city of Miami,
we're only 400,000 of the areas five million people live,
and which is carved out basically the worst part of the like Liberty City,
those violent crime stats are outdated.
Yada, yada, yada, yada.
Overall, housing prices in Miami have done better, for example,
over a 10-year period.
For example, number one, take a look at your house,
even in crappy, broward with the old folies like you.
Are you up on it since you bought it?
Am I up on it since I bought it?
But boy, last year or two, man, it's gone down a lot.
I mean, way down.
Obviously, the answer is yes.
I only wish that anyone in complaints would leave,
less traffic for me since this idiot.
He likes it.
Well, good.
We're glad you like it.
Oh, here's one from the fake Tom Jicca about Lee Flea Feldman.
You ready?
Can you handle it?
I can handle it.
Oh, but we got to do the break first, damn it.
It's Friday, you bastard.
A ride's life won't be the same.
You can't blame the tabloids,
but still a straighter used his name.
A touch to steroids.
He just thought no one knew.
Cause you have been long ago, Modena.
Where are you?
When I read the Juman,
he shot steroids a day or night.
Back in 2003,
he shot steroids again,
hot air before he was a Yankee.
It was so wrong,
he's got to make it right.
Gonna have to go to call the big fight.
He shot steroids again,
hot air before he was a Yankee.
Yeah, he tried it.
Well, good for him.
It's 1032.
Let's see, the fake Tom Jicca has got a couple of emails here.
First one, it's a memo from Joe Bell to all QAM staff.
So the fake Tom Jicca is somebody inside the building.
Okay.
Ray Lee Flea Feldman.
I'm pleased to announce that Lee Flea Feldman will be taking over on,
taking on extra duties at WQM.
For the past year and a half,
Lee has done a great job as WQM's promotion and market director,
effective immediately,
he'll add assistant program director duties as well.
Lee is no stranger to programming.
We worked together in 99X and Ford Myers,
where Lee created one of the country's great alternative rock stations,
prior to joining WQM,
Lee was the APD and music director at 94ZADA.
A native of Tampa,
Lee also spent several years on there at 98 Rock.
I'm excited about the help that Lee can give me Josh in the entire station.
And then at the bottom,
it's Josh Dero program director with the phone numbers, et cetera.
Here's another one from the fake Tom Jicca, you ready?
And it says,
now it's interesting because it says,
sent from my mobile device,
Steve White program director,
790, the ticket.
Please ask Lee about the Q56 rumors.
You know the ones that they started across the street?
What is that?
Q56 that in March,
we're going oldies.
Oh wow.
That's the number they started.
What?
I didn't hear that.
That means it's true.
It could be.
Q56, I'll ride.
We got plenty of jingles.
You haven't heard that.
No, I haven't heard that.
But you're out of the loop, man.
You're out of touch.
WQAM is just your type.
And then since it is the weekend.
Oh, yeah.
All the oldies all the time.
Have a million dollar weekend.
WQAM, 56.
Rock solid.
So you honestly haven't heard anything about the Q56 rumors
that they started across the street?
No, I haven't heard that.
You think it's just a coincidence that the name on this fake email
is Steve White program director,
790, the ticket?
That is odd.
And that yesterday, Mark Haka,
Haka, China, whatever his name was,
who's the producer of the Dan Lebertur show.
He was the one sending us all those fake rumors about what was going on.
All this other crap.
This is what they do all day over there.
And then we find out that fat Josh Friedman,
he's also one of the fake e-mailers.
They wonder they lost a half a billion dollars last quarter?
Half a trillion dollars last quarter alone.
And wonder they're losing their ass because they got a whole bunch of people
on the payroll who sit around listening to this show
and sending fake e-mails and the playing games and patching around.
As they say in China,
patching around.
Too much patching over there at 790.
And I have no idea what the fascination is with those people
back and forth across the street.
You better tell your buddy, Jolly Jodat,
or you already did?
I did.
I never got to the pool here.
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day, of course.
The best way to describe my spouse or significant other is
my best friend, 206.
Don't have one, 187.
My soulmate, 134.
Fantastic, 64.
Bobbuster, 56.
That's our new slogan here.
Now that flea is the Sitton PD.
Ballbuster, 56, baby.
Ball and chain, 54.
Lot of balls in these.
Total bitch, 43.
History, 36.
The bitch is gone.
Hot, 32.
Gorgeous, 21.
Fat, 19.
Sluts, 17.
And Bloodsucker, 12.
8.81 on the pool.
Oh, by the way, speaking of hot.
Some movie last night, which I really, I don't know why I watched it.
Because I'm always ripping these remakes of movies.
Not sequels, but remakes of movies that were really good and didn't need to be
made.
The hitcher, the 2007 version of the hitcher.
Did you see it?
No, I did not.
Have you seen the original one?
Oh, yeah.
With the TV Thomas Howell and Rucker Hower?
Yeah, it was a good movie.
It's a great movie.
Well, they remade it.
And I watched a little bit of it once before.
For, I guess I forgot that the damn hockey game was online.
And I thank God for that.
I'm not talking about the Panther game, the Leafs game.
64 loss in the Tampa.
But anyway, I started watching.
I thought, well, I'll watch it, even though the guy who was kind of ugly.
And I don't want to spoil the movie for you, but you know how she got the
tied between the two trucks by what's almost a guy's name?
John.
Oh, it'll come to me.
The fake name he made up.
Yeah, I don't know.
Rucker Hower.
John something.
But anyway, so the chick I tied between the two trucks in the first one,
but then this one, the guy gets tied up and he actually gets split in half.
The truck takes off and bloop.
Oh, half of his body goes one way and the other half just gets.
They don't dwell on it very long.
It's not something you have to look at.
Right.
You know what I mean?
It's not a pretty sight.
But anyway, the chicken movie is pretty, she's hot.
So you might want to see it.
All you heteros out there, there's somebody for you to look at on it.
And there's a naked shower scene.
You don't see any boobies or anything, but there's, you know, in the motel.
Not very erotic, but nevertheless.
New York City Dave, who's so chronic that it just makes me want to get in my hands and ease and vomit.
Just puke up meals from 100 years ago.
Oh, God, chronic, chronic, chronic, chronic, chronic, chronic.
God.
He says, good morning, Neil and Flea.
First, I'd like to thank Flea for fixing the commercials on the internet feed.
Neil, I was watching a movie last night called a love song for Bobby Long.
There was a scene in there dealing with alcoholics.
One of the characters was looking for a mixer in his drink.
He couldn't find one and mixed his gin with pickle juice.
That was tough.
I was thinking for a pool idea which, which movie had the most desperate alcoholics.
Anyway, it was a good movie.
A love song for Bobby Long.
Maybe he had another chance, another shot of love.
I don't know.
Kick it a wood by in this weekend.
I will not be going to wood by in this weekend because I won't be here.
New York City Dave.
Flea gets some good grab as it tuts his, yeah.
A married man and he's telling him to get a glistening good grab ass.
And tuts his no less.
You hang out of tuts his.
I wouldn't say I hang out there, but I've been there.
You've been there.
Oh my God.
And I'm not here.
I'm hearing a rumor.
The Rangers are bringing back the 94 cup team to finish out this season.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
The least of bringing back Johnny Power and Frank Mahablaj and George Armstrong.
By the way, the girl in the movie that you're talking about, the hitter name is Sophia Bush.
The I end.
She's pretty.
She's beautiful.
Yeah.
And the guy is like he ain't no see Thomas Hall.
I'll tell you that.
He's pretty marginal at best.
And then when he gets like pulled in half, he gets yanked right there between the two trucks.
I shouldn't have told you that because then I'll ruin the whole movie for you.
John Ryder.
That's the name.
Thank you.
John Ryder.
That's the name of the lunatic.
The cra- although I don't think in this one they had the finger food scene.
They they changed it all around.
It's the same story but they changed it enough to make it like I don't know.
I wouldn't.
It's certainly not better.
And it did not need to be remade.
Why do they because they have no new ideas?
Yep.
Well, there's your president.
I asked to save billions of dollars and countless wives.
Where is ours?
That's what we want to know.
Where's our chunk?
We want our chunk of change, man.
We want a couple of million over here.
I'll split it with you.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
I'll split it with you even.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM.
No George flea is here today and thank the Lord.
We haven't had a whole bunch of those emails saying,
Oh, what a breath of her here to hear flea.
We hate George.
You know, we have, I guess what's her name?
Marisa or whatever her name was in the beginning.
She put that to a halt with her kissy kissy with George and how I'm an old fart.
And she doesn't understand my humor.
And she listens but she don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
But you know what Marisa or whatever your name is?
I don't know what I'm talking about either.
And I get paid a lot of money for doing it.
So screw you bitch.
Me you.
Yeah.
Attention investors.
Because of the Bernie made off punzy scheme,
we want to warn you about another scam designed to steal your money.
It's called the funzy scheme.
Here's how it works.
A cool man in a leather jacket is standing by the jukebox.
As you prepare to invest a quarter to hear your favorite song,
he coaches you into his office, the bathroom,
and suggests you invest your quarter with him.
Exactly the mongoose.
He then walks up to the jukebox and with a quick wrap of his fist,
your song comes on and he pockets your money.
Whoa.
So next time you're approached by a cool leather jacket wearing man about your investments,
we suggest you sit on it and don't be such a potsy.
Beware the funzy scheme.
Hey.
Hey my ass.
1046.
Oh here's what about you.
It's from the fake Hawk Mark.
Uh oh.
Or the real Hawk Mark, the producer of the Dan Leviturge show.
You want to hear it?
Yes sir.
Well I haven't seen it yet.
Let me see if I...
My outlook express is functioning very slowly today.
The producer you have on today is one QAM's least favorite person here at the ticket.
And what do they don't do that well?
They're illiterate.
Is one... does that make any sense?
He is named for starting the rumors about Sid Leading for New York and saying that Jorge Sardano is moving to mornings and being replaced by syndicated shows.
That's right.
You started those rumors and were proud of you for it.
Yep.
Sardano was so mad he actually requested a meeting fight out if it was true with the program director.
How does Effing Lee Feldman know the ins and outs of this station?
And I'm the last one to fight out.
He yelled so hard we heard it out here.
Hey Lee Feldman.
Sardano and Sid despise you and now that you've assumed PD it's going to be on.
It's going to be on.
How about this?
Both those losers can kiss my ass.
Don't broadcast Panther broadcast.
That was the final warning yesterday afternoon.
If Rodgers ever puts anything related to a Panther is a broadcast, we will sue.
We'll go ahead and boy name sue.
Anything related to a Panther broadcast.
How about this?
It's related to a Panther broadcast.
It's Geldie.
We on the rights to Geldie.
Sorry there, Hawk Mark.
Hawk Murnus came China.
God wouldn't idiot.
Oh, Barry Jackass has got one about flea.
Boy, you're pretty popular today.
Can you ask me the comment of the rumors about WQM format changed to old East-Style sports hybrid.
Steve White and Howard Davis are hoping these rumors are true by the way.
No, they're not hoping if they're the ones who started it.
Like I said, the ticket is all over the email here today.
They did all over it.
Wow.
Are you ready for this or what?
I mean, just insane.
I was assessed.
Oh, Byron Pagan must have the Wonder Dog have nerd from them in a long time.
No wonder I've been in the good mood in Meridian, Idaho.
You were talking about music on 560.
I have a double LP of music they played.
I'm looking for it, but I have a lot of albums.
I think everyone bought around 1970 or 69.
I hope I find it.
We'll send you an email, some of the songs.
High flea.
Neil will miss you next week, but have fun.
Okay.
Okay.
And the mole is back.
Oh, brother, they're all out today.
This is good.
I think you brought them out.
I don't have our assistant PD on here.
This is like the old show we used to do.
Ask the program director.
Do you want to do a show like that?
Ask the assistant PD?
Sure.
The Texas Department of State Health Services on Thursday ordered to recall of all products
ever shipped from the peanut corporation of America's plan and plane view Texas
after discovering dead rodents, rodents,
and excrement and bird feathers in the plant.
And it's got pictures of peanuts.
Well, why do we care about this?
The mole.
Yeah, mole my ass.
Okay.
Give us something interesting like some in inside radio crap.
Isn't that what we all want to hear?
Yes.
Well, we're sure getting plenty of it today.
You're the most despised person across the street for picking on them.
Quit picking on them.
Okay. They're like a bunch of infants.
They can't handle it.
I take pride in that.
I'm glad they hate me.
I hate them.
Why is everybody always picking on me?
Charlie Brown, that's it.
The Joker says, if you've seen death proof with Kurt Russell,
good flick with some nice cars your show rocks.
Well, the Joker, let me say this to you.
If Kurt Russell's in it, I ain't seen it.
There is a handful of people.
If they're in the movie, I will not watch it.
Bruce Willis is one of them.
What's his name?
The homophob.
From Australia.
Mel Gibson.
Mel Gibson.
I will not watch it with him.
Trying to think of somebody else.
There aren't too many.
Because every now and then there's a good movie with somebody that you absolutely despise.
Oh.
Got some bad news.
You know Kelly Mitchell?
No.
Former TV anchor Kelly Mitchell in critical condition.
This is by Joan Fleischman.
So there might be some truth to it in the herald.
Veterans South Florida broadcaster Kelly Mitchell is intensive care
and Mount Sinai Medical Center her condition critical but stable.
Mitchell 52 formerly a WSVN Fox 7 anchor and WPLG ABC 10 reporter was diagnosed with breast cancer in December of 02.
No word on whether her hospitalization is cancer related.
It's a long process involving a lot of tests.
Mitchell says to her hospital spokeswoman Lori Fagan-Holtz.
Mitchell says her longtime fiance WSVN chief photographer Kirk Wade 47 is very busy fluffing pillows in her hospital room
and keeping everything running at home where they have two dogs.
The feisty Mitchell as a Mercedes convertible with license tag back to you also co-hosted a morning show on WFT LA 50.
And we wish you're well Kelly Mitchell.
You don't know who that is?
No, I don't.
Well, you're an interlofer man.
You're an outsider.
You're a carpet bagger.
Tampa guy by way of four Myers knee comes in all of a sudden.
He's the assistant PD although it's good.
What an improvement though.
Already the people listening on the stream.
Isn't that something how we have like 50,000 people complaining about the damn stream and about all those PSAs over and over in the big O spots.
And then you change them and put some marginally interesting crap on there.
And we've had maybe two or three say, oh, well, thank you for doing that.
Flea.
Right.
If it's something negative, there is no limit on the amount of response you get from software.
If it's something positive, something to be kissed or ground for.
Well, maybe a handful of people might notice it.
Or at least be a decent enough to say thanks for the memory, something.
The fake Larry King says Flea is sounding great.
Maybe you can make this a regular thing reminds me of when Hank's famous asked the program director to say me with Andrew Ascenewoods.
That was great radio.
No, it was not great radio.
Andrew Ascenewoods was not great radio.
He died by the way.
Oh, and by the way, I found the audio of Hank falling asleep.
Did you?
Yep.
Well, before you do that, if you got it.
Yeah.
I don't want to write now.
Let me read you this email and see if you get upset.
It's probably a fake anyway.
Were you listening yesterday?
What's I listening yesterday?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Were you listening yesterday when Hank Goldberg called in the LeBaster show?
Oh, yeah.
I listened to the LeBaster show religiously.
Was I listening yesterday?
What is with you people?
Don't you understand it?
God.
Am I the only LeBaster listener who also listened to the Arragist probably?
They were talking about the best movie scene ever filmed in Miami, Hank called in with the Goldfinger card game.
And then Ron St. John came in the studio with something else.
Ron St. John.
You see, what does he do now, Ron St. John?
I don't know.
You know who that is?
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
You know, if you're going to be the assistant PD on WQAM, one of the legendary self-floater radio stations,
you better start learning your radio history, mister.
Ron St. John used to be the PA guy for the dolphins.
Oh.
Before that knucklehead Kenny Walker took over.
Let's talk about PA announcers like Jay Rokiech.
Hurricane Gold, scarred by, well, the hurricanes don't play hockey, so.
I don't think you'll start with that Panther stuff.
We'll sue your ass.
I like Bill Murphy.
I like Bill Murphy.
Over at Panthers.
Good guy.
Now, because the first guy, the first Panther PA, which I don't remember what his name was, he was the best.
He was good.
Panther's goals.
And this guy tries to copy him, but not well.
But anyway, I don't know up PA announcers.
I don't want to, you know, is what's his name still doing the Yankee games?
The 500 year old, um, I don't know.
Ladies and gentlemen, oh, you know what I'm talking about.
The Yankees PA announcer, legendary.
Google it.
I think he's still working.
He's got to be 150 years old.
Easy.
Bob.
Bob Shepard.
Shepard.
Very good.
See, I came up with the first name.
You came up with the last name.
He's no relation to Kelly Shepard.
Thank God.
How can he still be driving anywhere?
Good God.
Jesus.
He's been in the aftertaste.
1951.
58 years.
He's been the PA announcer there.
Wow.
Batting for the Yankees.
Number seven.
Mickey.
Mental.
Number seven.
Centerfield.
Wow.
I can't do that.
I don't have that stintorian voice.
And you sure so?
Don't know.
He was also the PA announcer for the giant.
That's right.
The near football giant says correct.
I don't know why it is.
I keep interrupting you.
So if I interrupt, just say,
go ahead.
I guess I got to say that.
John and L.A. says I couldn't agree more than that network
is one of the best American films ever made.
By letting the characters say exactly what was on their minds,
Patty Trapsky's angry dialogue connected with the viewers on a deep emotional level
that other writers were never able to do.
Right.
Besides network here in the Oscar for that one,
I appreciate this other screenplays like Marty and a hospital
as well as one of my personal favorite altered states.
Hospital with George C. Scott was another great movie, right away.
You want to see what a bunch of butchers do when you go to a hospital,
watch that movie.
But he was a master at humor too.
And the hospital, George C. Scott plays the hospital chief doctor.
After he had another patient was accidentally assassinated during the night,
he asked the head of nursing,
where do you train your nurses?
Doc Owl?
I'm originally from the Gables,
but I've been in the binocent here in LA for many years.
I once briefly met Chioski before he died at some of the writer's guild.
I walked up in the set,
excuse me, Mr. Chioski.
He spun around and said,
what the hell do you want?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
All right.
My kind of guy.
What the hell do you want?
John and LA.
That's good.
Isn't that cute?
Yep.
Now you love network. I'm sure.
Oh, great movie.
Anybody who doesn't like that movie is either a dumb punk,
too stupid to understand it like Josh Cortis.
Or just, you know, just has bad taste.
Just has bad taste like so many people who love their vanilla ice cream.
Oh, Neil!
Yeah?
This is the Neil Roger show.
I'm tired of it.
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Any question?
Happy Valentine's Day.
It's like an evil conspiracy created by the...
the breeding cars people and the fire people and the candy people.
Yeah, fly.
Nothing.
Call me out, John's city.
Maybe the hog got your little stuff to say Valentine's Day.
It's like a dream.
A dinner for the play.
This happens to me every Valentine's Day.
You're probably mixing up on me this cheap okay.
I got you a corsage.
Yes, stop.
I'm on a cast for Valentine's Day.
Where's this crap?
I don't have that much to spend.
A flame!
A flame!
A flame!
A flame!
Oh, come on!
It's Valentine's Day for crying out loud.
Well, Happy Valentine's Day.
All the ladies out there.
And I guess you can say Happy Valentine's Day to the guys.
Yeah, can't you?
Can't you?
Yeah.
Oh, well, I thought for a second that you disappeared.
I was talking to Jesse Agler.
About what?
I was just shooting a crap.
About the Bob Shepherd actually.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, Jesse's a big baseball guy.
Is he really?
Bob Shepherd's still alive.
That's the amazing thing.
Yep, he's seen a 13 World Series Championships with the Yankees and 22 penance.
Well, good for him.
He's getting a little bit on in years.
You know, to be a whole old is he?
He was born in 1910.
So that makes him 90-89.
89.
And October.
Wow.
I think that's old enough to croak.
Yeah, our permission, Bob.
He's good though.
I enjoyed him.
I enjoyed Mel Allen tremendously.
And Red Barber and, uh, who else?
Jim Woods.
I was a big Harry Carey fan.
Well, you were a big Harry Carey.
Who the hell wasn't?
Who was a baseball fan?
It wouldn't be a Harry Carey fan.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, enough with the Panthers already.
When the hell was the baseball season begin anyway, huh?
This was Harry and that's my opinion.
Wow.
And Walt Disney was nothing to do with it.
Harry hated this guy.
This is the guy from Chicago that did all,
he had imitated him to perfection.
That's good.
And Harry hated him.
Hey, I got to screw yourself, Rogers.
The Marlins.
Who the hell are the Marlins?
Oh, Lake Cow.
It's the Neil Rogers show.
I'm W.I.
Well, D.
And there's a lot more.
Anyway, I had him on my show and I would do that one time
from Murphy's Bleachers across from Ridley Field.
I'd been there.
And we didn't expect he'd come in because it was too close to game time.
And sure enough, he came waddling up the stairs and wandled a lot.
It was a lot of fun.
He was great.
Yep.
And only an old far like me could have reminisced with him about the days he did the St. Louis
Billiken's basketball games on KMOX.
Wow, what?
St. Louis Billiken's.
St. Louis University basketball team.
Oh, wow.
He did that.
And he was great at that too.
Because he generated a lot of excitement.
I'm like the play by play sports announcers in South Florida, most of whom like Dave and
Boring sound like they need some no-dose like they're going into a coma.
A coma, as Mo would say, a coma.
They're really bad.
How can there be so many bad sportscasters in one market?
Now, and what's the story about Joseph Gackie?
Is he finally getting tossed out?
Not that I've heard, no.
Did I dream that or was it just wishful thinking or why?
I'm sure I heard that somewhere.
I think I put that in your brain because I said that Jesse Agler was good enough to do the extra.
You know, you start a lot of rumors that are BS.
Okay, no wonder they hate you across the street.
You're the one that started all that crap about, let's see,
Sid the kid was going to a serious and Sadhana was doing mornings and they were
putting syndicated on from like 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Aren't you the one that started that?
Some of that, yeah.
And why did you do that?
Just to be a troublemaker or did you actually have the information that was bogus?
Well, we'll see.
It could still be true.
Oh, oh, and by the way, Ron St. James does afternoon drive on magic.
Ron St. John, not Ron St. James Boy.
Oh, yeah, St. John.
Anybody who doesn't know Ron St. John knows nothing about this market.
Well, legendary Ron St. John.
Trying to think of what he does these days, where we hear his voice.
He does what afternoon's on magic.
That is correct.
Still on there.
Boy, that magic man.
Ricky Tiki was on there about 100 years before he finally retired.
And then Ron St. John has been on there.
I think they Fox was on there too for a while.
You know, say Fox?
Oh, I do.
Have you met him?
Yes.
He's just as incoherent as person as he's on the year.
That's the great thing about Sonny.
Mm-hmm.
He hates me like poison.
He puts on a good act, but hates me like, in fact, too bad I can't play that.
That one drop in.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word after.
Yeah, you know what the word is.
Mm-hmm.
A-hole.
And we can't even play that anymore.
That's the sad part.
I bet your son is still listening.
Well, let's see.
Got some crap about it.
Here we go.
TR says that last guy is the only crossover listener between you and LaBass turd.
I've emailed you prior to that I suffer for the hour between two and three
because Radio is dead, proofing the schlocked QAM and 790 from two to three.
I personally know a lot of my buddies who are 30 somethings, although I don't have much longer to be able to say that, who listen to both.
He's not Neil, who is, but he's definitely solid stuff, meaning LaBass turd.
In any event, how the hell do we get Georgian sometimes, we can actually have solid radio spread over several stations here in Paradise again since TR.
Well, it flea puts Georgian on two to four.
Now, when's the change taking place two to four?
Oh, I don't know.
It is coming though, right?
Could be.
Why don't you don't start equivocating now and beating around the bush.
Usually you're looking up front guy like I asked you this morning about Gary Sarner and you said,
major a hole or something like that.
Yeah, I hate him like poison.
Do you really?
Yeah, I don't like the guy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Wow, you are sensational.
Not just because you hate him like poison because everybody else does too, but just because you have the cajon's to say it.
As opposed to most of the meaty mouse that we put on, oh geez, I never said that.
You know, like that.
Even George very often denies it and then accuses me of getting him in trouble with people.
Well, too bad.
He hates Gary Sarner too, but he wouldn't say it.
George will be on all next week, by the way, with Flee because I'll be on vacation.
So what's your name?
She can be real excited.
I'm going to be away all next week.
What was your name or was there or something?
Yeah, we want to start of the show with that sour.
She doesn't understand my humor because I'm an old fart and she's only a 20 something bitch.
Too bad, honey.
God, well, we'll get you an interpreter trusting and understand what I'm talking about.
Oh, when you show ends, it's like after a traffic crash or something.
Believe me, that's how I feel about it many days.
The Faggy M. Sarner says, I can tell you without a doubt that the emails you've been getting from across the street are not from our cockman.
I spoke with one of my sources at 790 S.
It seems the most likely sources are either sit himself or his board off who started the fake email trend on a bastard show before he worked there.
Word is, sit as addicted to your show, which isn't surprising considering as many other addictions.
Signed the fake gym, sorry, P.S.
As you're not going to like this.
Okay.
What you might like it.
P.S., ask if he's ever seen Joe Bell's P bag.
I wonder how many times he has to empty it in the QM's minz room per day.
I haven't seen that.
Now does he really have a P bag?
Not that I know of.
Yeah, and I see you can't keep a straight face.
When he first came to the station, he was, he had some downtime, so to speak.
And he was having some P problems as I recall.
Right.
Because he told me about it, which I didn't want you really want to hear about it.
Having seen him, I didn't want to hear about his P problems.
But nevertheless, so maybe he's got a P bag.
That would explain a lot.
You think?
Yeah.
Well, that would smell bad.
I know Fat Rich Waffer Wilder had a P bag.
Oh, not only sitting in the dinner at Pompano Park in the dining room.
And somebody sitting across him was wearing a P bag or worse.
A douce bag.
Oh, maybe that's where the expression came from.
Douce bag.
We can say that one.
Call Joy, see if we can say douce bag.
Okay.
How about douchey box?
The fake jewelry rental says, tell Alice the best iPod app for listening to WQM is Wonder Ground.
It's great.
Flea may know something about this.
You know about the Wonder Ground?
No, not really.
Oh.
Well, I asked, fake joy.
The new big thing now is tweeter.
Is what?
A lot tweeter.
Brown tweeter.
All right.
That's what somebody said.
Yeah, do somebody send me an email about it?
It's a new big thing.
How do you get on it?
You just go to tweeter.com.
Yeah.
And then you can track people.
People can track you.
You can give updates like what you're doing right now.
I don't know.
CNN has been all over it.
Like Anderson Cooper and those guys, they pimp it hard and it's like stocking it.
Really?
I don't know.
They pimp it a lot.
That's for sure.
Sounds real suspicious to me.
Mm-hmm.
When people like that start pimpin' stuff.
Anderson's Cooper?
Yeah.
Nothing could be neater.
I like her.
You like Anderson that...
Cooper?
I don't.
No.
Pasty and boring.
He is monotone, man.
He's as boring as the day.
He makes Rachel Maddo seem like a Mexican jumping bee.
Well, she's more manly.
That's for sure.
She's a lot more butch than he'll ever be.
Oy, Oy, Shmoi, you finally checked it.
I'm having trouble with my outlook expressed.
It's slow.
I mean, eventually I click on it and it comes up and then it disappears for a second.
But it'll come back.
Oh boy.
I agree.
Bruce Willis and Moll Gibson are right up there with that other no-tell and Bruce the Boss.
How do these does stay before the public so long Americans have no taste?
And it says no life here, Oy, Shmoi, you.
Oh, guess what?
Brandon says...
99.
If you were born in...
That's what I said first and you, oh yeah.
Yeah, 99, yeah, he's right.
Well, I said 99 and you corrected me.
No, you corrected yourself.
I agree.
I thought you were the expert in math because if Bob was born in 1910, my math show would be 99.
That's right, Brandon.
Yeah, you talked me out of it.
Sorry.
You are persuasive.
I'll take you to that, see.
Oh, Rich Pactors got a thing here about Ron St. John.
See, when you're on the show, it's all about radio.
It's not a radio show, it's a show about radio, which is fine.
Neil's still on the air and then he keeps doing a lot of voiceover work with TV spots with 1-800 numbers.
Whatever happened to Ron St. John Jr., you're looked with a peepy from Pepper Pines no doubt.
Also, please tell Flee for improving the stream.
I met you, Joe Bell.
It says insert prostate joke here.
Rich Pactors, thanks Rich.
He thanks you for improving the stream and the Joe Bell's stream also.
How did you do it?
The secret.
Did you pry it open?
Q-tip.
Oh, this is out right out.
This thing is so effed up, man.
If you had any idea what I'm going through to try to just delete stuff and go to the next one, it's just annoying.
It's annoying, Eric.
What the hell do I need to do?
My outlook expresses I have an nervous breakdown.
It's screwed up.
It's bad.
It's real, real bad.
Do you use that look expressed?
Yes, I do.
And now I won't even know there it is.
It's real slow today.
It's real slow.
Everything's like on slow cook.
Oh, here's one.
Please, thank Flee for making the breaks on the Internet progress.
It's being more appallable.
Also, I'd request you do some pro bono programming work up here in Daytona Beach.
The lead radio show in the afternoon other than Limbaugh and others of his ilk is a travel show that lasts for three hours.
Thank goodness for your show and the Internet's an XM when I'm on the road.
Says Rick.
Well, thanks Rick.
See, I find I got one or two people to say thanks to you for doing a thing there on the Internet's one or two.
Not like a whole flurry of like really grateful people.
I'm going to have to reboot my computer.
Is that that, huh?
It's slowed down to it's not just the allergy express.
Everything is slowed down to a crawl.
Which I never have that problem.
My computer is like lightning fast like grease lightning, man.
All right, let me read an email or two.
I can't get on nothing.
Oh, geez.
Receiving a list of messages from a server.
And I'll look at your press.
Maybe a kiss came back up.
You think maybe let me click on it.
Oh, geez, look at that.
It's a big blank screen.
Says the program's not responding.
I got to reboot it.
I got a little.
I got a little thing.
Anyway, let me, this is from Bob who says due to my job, I've looked all over the country, listen to many radio stations.
QAM is by far the worst I have encountered.
Please tell me who on earth wants to do the horrific big O show two times today.
Well, you'll be pleased to know Bob.
He's only on once a day now.
You hear the sirens?
Oh, yeah.
They're coming from my computer.
Who is this guy?
And why should I be listening to his opinion on sports or any other topic for that matter?
And what's the point of the Joe Roe show?
Why would I want to listen to 50 minutes of commercials per hour and Joe screaming about nature be for the other 10 minutes?
Your show is the only one that's tolerable.
You obviously play less commercials and they actually have something to say.
George, on the other hand, is awful.
Who wants to hear about his roller skating, taking sign language classes and talking about smoking pot?
And no, he is not funny by any means.
Thanks, Neil.
Says Bob.
How do you like that?
The worst he's ever heard?
Wow.
Is that a, in a diet matter what?
That's not good.
Let me find what Larry thinks.
I'll find it.
Hey, Larry.
Here it is.
I knew I'd find it.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with on W.O.D.
So there you go.
Well, this thing is just all screwed up.
It's all bald up, man.
It's all F'd up.
Let me just go back to the safety of Firefox.
Oh, hallelujah.
At least I can see the pool.
Not that I want to see it.
But it's there anyway.
You know what I mean?
For my amusement and porousal during the break, I'll reboot.
Okay.
See what's going on.
Let's make sure we got the racing channel.
I'm not going to mess around with that first race from Gulf Stream because we don't have any vested interest in it.
Hey, no matter the surface.
Oh, there's the handicrafters from Fairgrounds, that goofy guy, Johnny, John G. Do, Do, do, whatever his name is.
Who says, G, three, number, E, number two, number three.
He's got a very bizarre way of speaking, bizarre, strange, strange.
He's okay though.
And she, she, she looks like she's in the bag today.
She looks like she just crawled out of the sack, whatever her name is.
Nice.
But you can't get it there though.
You can't see the racing channel.
No, I'm watching CNN.
Oh, I'm going back to CNN myself.
Is there anything interesting on there?
Like is the world coming to winner of these the final days?
They're still talking about the track.
You're supposed to just spill his bag?
No, they're still on the plane crash.
Is Wolf a bit, I bet you're Wolf Blitzkrieg and Gary Sarner spend the weekends co-suring the house.
Oh.
Here's one from the big O allegedly.
Neil God.
My brother finally decided to come out of the closet.
It's a surprise to me in the rest of the family because he didn't look or act fruity at all.
At this time, the only thing I want to do is blow his brains out with my shotgun.
And I'm sure there's other solutions to this issue, but it's the only one that would make me feel better.
I don't have problems with guys who like to take it in the sacred area, but not my brother.
I know that you're an old disgusting fag, but I want to hear your opinion on this one.
You're as truly the big O.
But I would do is get the shotgun out and blow your own brains out if you can find him.
Stick it deep inside your go and blow your brains out.
Then you'll solve everybody's problem, including your poor brother.
Not that that would be fake or anything like that.
Let me try a click and outlook and express you know what happens?
Click it.
Nothing.
Oh, it's just all bald up.
It just all frozen up in the space.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Do you ever have that happen where your computer gets like in.
Oh, look at that.
Looky, looky, here comes cookie as Winery would say.
And now I can't even go back to my Firefox.
Oh, there it is.
And the good news is we're streaming, baby.
No, no, no, dropouts today.
Yesterday we had a little problem with the Texas server for a while, like two hours.
But not a whole lot of complaints.
So I guess most of our audience is served by the California server, which makes no sense to me at all.
And then Alice Rantell was belly.
Oh, geez.
I got news for you.
Anybody I know in this business who is sitting around listening to this show every day, get yourself, get a hobby.
Take up stamp collecting.
Go out and move something with Sarah.
Do something useful.
Am I right?
Yes.
I mean, you're a radio guy.
You spent a lot of years in this horrible ass kissing business.
But my God, in your spare time, you sit around listening to radio.
Absolutely not.
Absolutely positively not.
God.
Oh, but we love Newer.
Yeah, well, good.
I'm happy for you.
Love somebody else.
Like Vincent said, Godfather 3.
Love somebody else.
That's what he told Mary.
And then Mary said,
Dead, dead.
Did you see Godfather 3?
Yeah, of course.
What do you mean, of course?
I would assume everybody has.
Although Alice and who used to work here, she never saw the original Godfather.
Oh, my God.
I bet she's being Jewish.
She probably would have appreciated Heim and Roth.
Sure.
I mean, she still has her own Heim and Roth.
She still has her own Heim and what?
913 votes.
Well, you sure get personal, but you won't tell us about Joe Bell's feedback.
That's disappointing.
The best way to describe my sponsor is significant.
Other is that's our poll 913 votes.
My best friend, 212.
You're my friend.
212 vote.
Don't have one 197.
My soulmate 141.
Fantastic 67.
Ballbuster 58.
Ball and chain 56.
Total bitch 45.
History 836.
Hot 32.
Gorgeous 21.
Fat 19.
Slot 17.
Bloodsucker 12.
Out of 913.
I'm going to do some of computer work now.
Lunatic.
It's Friday.
You're wasting.
The long hours here.
Long hours here.
Interrupting my compliment.
Oh, thank you.
That's what, what was that compliment?
You look absolutely beautiful.
Advice for the new president from 1718.
You're a genius.
You're a genius.
You're a genius.
How are you getting it tonight?
The books so long with books are good.
I took off my socks and I was very peaking functional.
I love it.
She can take it from me.
I have first one with the president and say on tape, right there.
Everybody, it's it is back to work here in DC.
Yes.
The kids, of course.
No, that's right.
They're all school today.
And I know Sam and Chris, you both know that they have the scavenger hunt last night and
they got to open the door in the Jonas Brothers right there.
That may be the only thing that's going to happen.
All right.
Hey, Joey.
Okay, 1131.
What do you know about the Jonas Brothers?
Probably not much.
I know that they're bad.
They can't sing.
No.
And you'll be very proud of me that during the break-eye, rebooted and everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
Everything's working just up to normal speed and all.
So when you have those computer farts like that, the best thing to do is always reboot.
When in doubt.
I'm telling you right now, I'm smelling you.
Which race are you betting on a costume today?
Race one at 115.
We don't do race one.
We always do race two at 145.
Since I work on the Internet selling bongs, I was on the Gulf Stream side trend learn more about this horse racing mumbo jumbo.
It says, can you tell me the horse's name you're picking for art?
Mon again, please.
The horse's name is Columbia number four.
Hey, tell flea two for five, Mon big bags.
Next week I will not be listening since you're going on vacation.
Where will you go?
How will the show survive?
Is there no hope for Q.I.M.?
Thanks for getting us all through another week of a Madness Mon.
Take us how you take it.
Rostapal.
Take it how you take it.
Yeah, take this.
Rostapal.
My ass.
This still does some strange things though.
This, um, outlook express.
I think outlook expresses screwing up my computer.
I could be wrong about that.
Wouldn't that be unusual?
Yeah.
Is not looking express pretty like, um, mundane pristine kind of like Joe's pee bag.
Clean and pristine.
I don't know why you see nervous laugh.
I think you're afraid to go there.
I don't know that he has a pee bag.
Well, why would somebody make that up?
I don't know.
I mean, it's probably Mark Hockmeister across the street.
Rosemary Homoister, Jr.
Hockman's okay.
Hockman's okay.
You know him?
I've met him yet.
You know, that's really interesting.
You're just like all the others.
No.
I mean, I want to be.
It's not a radio station.
It's not a business.
It's a sports nerd for eternity.
No, I disagree.
I can think that the guy is an okay guy, but I still hate his guts and want that station to go down the tubes.
Well, they're doing a good job of that.
Most of their numbers start with either a one.
Although I don't think that there is successful as we are in that category.
We got one hour, nine o'clock at night.
That's got a point.
Oh, I mean, can you believe that?
No.
I've never seen that before in my life.
I've seen it like overnight and stuff like that, but not, you know, like before midnight when some people might still be awake.
No diaries.
Nobody's listening.
Oh.
Point.
Oh, wow.
And of course, we can go on all of the signals.
It's the signal.
Well, you know, that can be a part of it.
I remember when I was at W.S. News.
Nice to do eight to midnight.
And Fidel cranked up on 790, which used to be WNWS.
Now, of course, it's, oh, them.
But Fidel cranked up one of the luck he did on us here.
Maybe he just follows me around.
And in any rate, I mean, our nighttime signal became just pathetic.
And I still had like an eight share at night.
12 plus eight share.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, back in the day, those days, people used to listen to the radio at night.
We used to have gigantic humongous numbers back before they put that turn.
And then W.S. News got, I think, 25,000 or 10,000 watts daytime and whatever.
25,000 night.
And we cranked up our signal.
And then we got the numbers back up.
But we used to have like 10 and 11 shares at night.
12 plus.
Granted, they were all over the age of 100, but nevertheless.
WNWS.
W.S. News, baby.
Alice Rantell.
Shirley Tweeters.
Jerry Wichner, Steve Mystery Gokane.
Stan Major.
What's his name?
Dale God.
Oh, yeah.
Mike Spindell.
I wonder if Mike Spindell ever did trivia, I guess he did.
I forget.
You wouldn't know.
Nope.
And he's with George.
He wouldn't know either.
I asked the other day about WNWS.
I didn't get one email about it.
None.
Nothing.
Those people are all dead.
They're like Bob Shepard.
99.
How can it be 99 and still be working?
That's the obvious question.
I don't know.
Did they like take him up there like in a box?
I mean, how do you go to the press box in a box?
Oh, by the way, I guess you called me yesterday to congratulate me on my promotion.
How many of you guys do I get?
You get one.
He called you what?
He called me because he heard on your show that I got promoted to APD.
If that's really a promotion, but I guess who it was.
You done?
Joey Reynolds.
No, the close.
Ken Maldon.
Ken Maldon.
Oh.
Well, when do you mean close?
I say, Joey Reynolds, and you say you're close, and you say Ken Maldon.
What a shot.
Poor Kenny's down and out, and you're taking a shot at him.
Kenny's great.
I'm messing around the building.
Yeah.
Well, he sent me a nice, so thank you, Kurt, for all the nice things I said about him.
And I repeat them and emphatically emphasize.
Well, that's your buddy, Joe Bell, that they didn't have to screw him over.
The amount of money he was making, my God, they could go out there and beg on a street corner
for change and pay Kenny.
Keep him on the air, keep him employed, and keep him alive.
But no, not you're a pee bag holding guy.
I believe that about the pee bag.
Maybe that's why he's pissed off all the time.
He's a very temperamental guy.
You do know that.
Really?
That's what I've been told.
That's what Tom Jicke told me.
He said, what a temperamental A-hole that Joe Bell hung up on.
Wow, I've only seen a mad one for twice.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, that's because you're so pleasant, you know.
That's true.
Neil at NeilRodges.com by the email, by the way.
Don't keep saying, by the way, that's bad.
Bad habit to get into.
I say it all the way, by the way.
You want to say it?
By the way.
Go ahead.
923 votes on the poll.
Should I change it?
I don't really like it.
If we got the next one on there.
Yeah, this is the next one.
Oh, yeah.
What? This one's a little lame.
The next one, you think this one's lame.
Wait till you see the next one.
Okay, let me print out this one.
I'll give you the final tally.
Wait till you see the next one.
Which one of these one-named people disturb you the most?
Not the name, but the people.
Which one of these one-named people disturb?
Puffy, Prince, Pink, Sting, Cher, Seal, Bono, Madonna, or Eminem?
Which one disturbs you the most?
Puffy disturbs the hell out of me.
He just, he just drives me up the wall.
No matter how much of a slimeball he turns out to be,
he's always got some of the scam going on, you know?
He's one of those people who will never go away.
So I told you, if you think the other pool sucked,
wait till you hear this one.
I was right.
Yeah.
Now, I also think, by the way, since you're the assistant PD
and promotions guy, you ought to take this,
pick the pony thing by the tail.
Okay.
We have no promotion for it.
We have no liners to read about.
Well, there's liners being read just outside of your show.
I can put some inside your show if you'd like.
But outside of your show, yeah, we read a lot of liners.
It's also on the streaming and it's getting promoted.
Okay.
Well, we got art today.
Art's got to four horse in the second race of Gulf Stream.
50 bucks to win on it.
Nice.
And if a win, he gets whatever $50 to win ticket would pay.
And if we lose, well, we send him our best wishes.
Yeah, last week it was like $150.
Yeah.
Nice.
Oh, what's a big deal with that?
Two to one?
Hey, I'll take it.
I think this one's going to be more than two to one.
He's five to one in a morning line.
And we just claimed after the last start.
Second time, Lasix.
Look out now.
Of course, also second time, Lasix on the horse that beat him in that race.
But this horse had an excuse, steadied in the backstretch, steadied, checked, pulled up, did not finish,
bled, stuff like that.
That's not conducive to winning the race.
And the rate Jose Luscano was riding.
I wonder what he looks like.
Okay.
Here's the poll.
The best way to describe my sponsor is significant.
Other is 924 vote.
My best friend, 214.
Walk up to him tomorrow and say, him or her or it, you're my friend.
Don't have one, $199.
Don't you miss the calls, by the way?
Sure.
I don't.
No.
I haven't taken any a long time and you know what I'm very happy about it.
I'm proud, proud of myself.
Because George could tell you, I started the thing with no calls so many times.
Then I always being the weak sister that I am.
Always bending cave and you know, oh gee, I guess we got it.
And then it's all the same crap.
My soulmate 142, fantastic 70, ballbuster 58, ball and chain 57,
total bitch 46, history 36, hot 32, gorgeous 21, fat 19,
slut 18 and blood sucker 12.
Oh, Niels, it's Friday, you bastards.
Toiletoy toiletoy.
Joe is days I've done.
Absolutely.
Joe is days I've done.
The martial is his son.
The show just ain't no fun.
No.
So what does Karen Bruce think Joey is gonna do?
He taught us how we can get it.
And now we're calling on the page.
The ratings they reflected no wonder we directed his battle to crawl away.
Joe is got a gun.
Joe is got a gun.
Neil can't help this one.
No.
Maybe your days are done.
What is it gonna do?
Is waitio days are through.
You try to smile we can get it.
And now we're calling on the page.
The ratings they reflected no wonder we directed his battle to crawl away.
You try to crawl away and shake.
Run away from the page.
You're fair.
Run away from the page.
147 and 560.
I'm going to chew on what it just made.
Did you ever meet Joey?
No, I lost you for a second.
I couldn't hear you.
You just came back.
What?
Like I couldn't hear you for a second.
It was weird.
We have an audio fart.
I think we did.
All my lights are on.
Everything seems to be copacetic here.
Yeah, that was strange.
Well, of course you'd never know.
I could just shut the mic off.
And you'd never know.
That's true.
This one is just scandalous if it's from the person John Ford who used to work with
us on Zeta, me and the burden Capita.
And we had that morning show, that legendary morning show.
And then when I would be got sold and we went over to Paxton, come to find out that
he was like the production guy or something there.
And he never ever came around.
In fact, I remember I had to say to PD Bulger, what's with John Ford?
I worked with him and then come to find out he hated me like poison.
And I guess because I was, he had a little problem with that.
Wow.
Believe me when you're as ugly as John Ford, you don't have to worry about some fat coming
on to you.
You know what I mean?
But he had had some kind of a problem with queens like Chester Field Queens.
And so at one point, the PD Bulger brought him around to say hi and he, you know, and
then he ran away.
This is from John Ford, subject WNWS.
It says I used to listen to you on WS News driving home from work after my shift on
she.
So it's got to be that John Ford because it's somebody in the business.
Do you know John Ford?
No.
But how many John Ford's could there be in a South Florida radio market, right?
And they won.
So lament uno.
So lament soltanto uno.
Wow.
And he's still listening now, even though he's got maybe, maybe he doesn't have that repulsion
for me anymore.
I don't know.
Well, maybe he does.
I wonder if all the people in the market, I mean, March 1 is going to be 33 years I've
been on the air in Miami.
33 years in Miami.
And like 12 on this station, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, but that won't be March 1.
That will be December 30th.
Oh, December 30th, which is when I told Greg Reed, either will be on the year on QAM December
30th around some other station when he kept giving me this, oh, well, we won't have the
studio ready by then.
And Baba, oh, you have no idea what we went through to try to get on the station because
they lie a lot.
They lie in radio.
What?
Oh my God.
These people lie.
It's their middle name.
Lyres, be us.
And the word going around was because they were back in the old studio by the trailer parking
a whole thing in Hollywood.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Neil has to do the show from a phone booth.
He'll have to do it because, you know, yada, yada, yada.
See, the one thing about Greg Reed, he figured he could just tell you anything you'd want to
hear.
And then nobody would ever hold his feet to the fire and make them, you know, because
these people's concept of a contractual relationship is they pay you money and then that's it.
You do everything else.
You do the show.
You provide the numbers.
You buy your own equipment.
You do whatever.
And then they just pay you a salary no matter what it says in the contract, the rest of
it, they just pay no attention to like promotion and stuff like that.
So they, they sure live with a horseshoe up their asses.
They're collecting ass.
I'll tell you that.
Wow.
They do.
How'd you like to walk around with a horseshoe up your ass all day?
No, thanks.
42 votes on the new pool.
Which of these one name people disturb you the most?
I think we ought to add WTF on here.
You up to it?
Sure.
I got it.
WTF, Puffy 23, MNM5, Madonna 5, Prince 5, SEAL 2.
Who's SEAL?
I don't even know who that is.
He's a singer.
Is he?
Yeah.
SEAL?
Yeah.
He's a, I forget the big hit.
He had one huge hit.
Crazy.
Crazy.
Yeah.
A little bit crazy.
And he's a super model to him.
I don't know who he is.
Sting one.
Pink one.
Bona and Sheer.
Nothing.
I'll lay a great black for farmers, but then again, great.
Which this era, I like reanages fine.
Oh yeah, she's good.
How's Chris Brown doing?
Is he still in the slimer?
Not so good people are dropping his songs.
Like across the country too.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll just because you got a little bit hostile enough set.
Yeah, what's the big deal?
Just because you got a little bit carried away.
I don't know.
I mean, he didn't do no roids like a payroid.
You know, that we know of.
Probably other drugs though.
A bono and Sheer have no votes.
I mean, what would anybody be disturbed by them?
Bono's got one now.
You voted for him?
No, I voted for Puffy.
Love will turn you around says this.
Oh, Kenny Rogers.
The Kenny Rogers.
Now, what's the story?
The Kenny Rogers that got candy across the street once he's starting with us?
I don't know.
He was here the other day.
He was?
Yeah.
I don't think he's starting though.
He came in with clearance.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
If they fail across the street, sign them up.
Is that the motto?
Yeah, Jerks.
I don't think it's happening though.
Like Jerks.
Oh my god.
Come and act ya!
That was the worst swill.
Horrible.
In fact, we had to get some emails on that.
What was the worst show ever on QAM?
That's okay.
Jerks?
Yeah, that was bad.
Just wondered if you and Flea were doing anything special for Valentine's Day.
Oh yeah, we're going out.
I'm sure the audience would love to hear about it.
I've seen Neil sitting in front of a machine, being fed trebles by Paco.
I see Flea pumping down...
Yeah?
One?
Seafleo pimping skanks down on Flagler.
I thought it said pumping.
It says pimping.
Well, either one.
I haven't heard any emails from Brandon and they were as he had.
We had a couple.
Just relax.
Hope the Marlins get that sitting by the way the Kenny Rogers.
Yeah, well, you're the one.
Because everybody else says no way Jose.
Kenny says it's a different Kenny.
I haven't heard it ever, but I know a lot of people find her disturbing or annoying.
Bjork.
BG-O-R-K.
Can we say BG-O-R-K?
Bjork.
Get her on there.
Okay.
Bjork.
One for the pool.
David says, oh, New York City, Dave.
Oh, RuPaul is not one name.
It's two names.
Am I right?
It is one name, actually.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure.
I don't think so.
That's a...are you capital P?
It's all...okay, put it on there if you want.
I don't mean to be chronic.
Forgive me.
I'll be jury doing next week.
I'll be on vacation so that don't do me any good.
New York City, Dave.
Just on and on and on.
Penny says, what's up with the Randy Roadshow?
There's a guest host, but all the sponsor PSAs like Smokey Bear and Save a Tree.
How do they pay the bills?
I don't know.
Nobody knows what's going on with that.
She's off the year for some mysterious reason and nobody knows why.
Allegedly, some technical reason, but nobody knows why.
Sounds really bogus to me.
Maybe they're hiding her somewhere in...
Where?
I don't know.
Here's one that says, was thinking the same thing.
Whatever the same thing is.
Well, you know, these are out of order.
Is there any chance you could extend your show to win the three?
There's nothing to listen to from two to three.
Also, the Labaster Show is very well produced.
If not for a Hawkman, it would be just another mediocre show.
Would you agree with that?
If not for Hawkman?
Hmm.
I don't know.
All of a sudden, he's become Mr. Non-Committal.
I'll put it till this moment, you were blurting everything out.
I hate Gary Sarner, he's an A-hole.
You know, everything.
But now all of a sudden, I mean...
Well, I don't know how much he does for the show.
I don't know.
Well, you must listen every day religiously.
Yeah.
That's what people...
That's what these people think.
They think that because we are in radio or at least close to it,
that that's what we do all the time.
Listen to radio shows and critique them and laugh at them and bitch at them and whatever.
Enjoy them.
Enjoy the opposite.
Like, when I get in my car, I put my iPod in, I don't want to listen to local radio.
Exactly.
My God, the idea that I would listen to a talk show, the only show I watch,
I don't listen to it when I watch it because it's a Simulcast on TV.
I watch Bob Witt's name here, the sports guy.
It's been on for 30 some years in Toronto.
He's great.
Bob on the fan.
They Simulcast it on Primetime Sports.
Bob...
I can never think of his name for some reason.
But I'll come up with it for you.
Great broadcaster.
And then, of course, there are times they start talking about, like,
soccer or the actors and then at that point I just go away.
Because no matter how good he is, I don't care about those things,
it's called nero caster.
Oh, Neil!
This is Brady Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-4-1 hour.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la...
No.
Time great, out.
I want some Quinn.
You ain't seen no head white like lady with
La la la la la la la la la la la la la
He's a football player, you do a solid wall of meat
The kind of guy that I wanna do, that's who he built to eat
I want to give him the one a day, but there's no chance at all
So does the big meal sports quit?
If I want to see him grab the balls
Absolutely
You ain't seen no head white like lady with
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones
I can do love I wanna, but I ain't gonna never get none
No, the days of a business school, okay, that's not so great
But I'll go to know that it's not neat
At least until he's 28
I'm braiding down
I want some wings
You ain't seen no head white like lady with
You're fair
Oh, lady, wow
Look at that kid
You ain't seen no head white like lady with
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Double one at five sixty WM happy Friday to you
Happy Valentine's day to all the Valentine's out here
Lots of chocolates, lots of flowers, lots of...
All of these things
Stuff
Wait till you're this one from Murray, okay?
There is no comparison between flea and George
Flea is much more engaged in part of the show
I think George does a very good job at producing the show
But he sounds bored, V-O-A-R-D
He sounds bored and totally disinterested
With a very phony laugh
You're always entertaining, you're never better and never stale
I hope you have a great vacation, Neil Murray
Thanks, Murray
He's kissing everybody's ass except George
Although he even George, he said, there's a great job producing the show
What does that mean?
I'm not sure
He plays the spots when they're supposed to, I mean
But what does that mean?
I don't know
And by the way, I did look up seal
Oh my God, you talk about you, Glee, wow
Yeah, do you look at his wife?
No
He's married to Heidi Klum
Yeah, I know that, that's what it says in this email
Well, she's hot
Is she really?
Oh
Well, he must have something that don't meet the eye
I guess
Ronnie says you have to know who seal is one of his big hits was
Kiss from a Rose, never heard of it
Kiss from a Rose
Kiss from Joe Rose?
How you doing with the ladies?
The lady, he's just, I don't know
He is what he is, I like Joe a lot
But he is, you know
The ladies
The biggest claim to fame is that somehow he managed to get Heidi Klum to marry him
He's the ugliest and luckyest bastard in the world to his Ronnie
Thanks Ronnie
Ronnie inspired me to look it up online
I looked at his push and I thought, oh man, I thought I was ugly, which I am
But not even in that category
No, he's a whole other level of ugly
Norma Kent sends an email
Hello my most valued and trusted client to fake Norma Kent
Norma Kent
Some spy reports
Gary Bruce is now a sales manager at a Home Depot in Louisville, Kentucky
He's been in this position since 2002
I know you don't do links but in this case you want a good laugh
Plus to see what a deep bag looks like now, his resume is here
I will take your word for it
Mark Jacobson is unfortunately alive and well in striving in
Surprise, surprise, rolling North Carolina
Wow, just when Jolly Jo and his entourage moved out
Mark Jacobson moved in
He's got his dealerships and a whole bunch of got awful commercial's featuring
Mark dressed up to the nines and holding puppies who are also dressed up
and who've been clearly drug to the point of nearly being put to sleep
I wonder if he has a talk show North Carolina Public Assess up there
May the Marlins drop dead Norma Kent
I better check the Marlins, the, uh, Harold thing
What time are they voting?
Do we know?
They said it could drag on all day
Oh boy
Mayor pushes Marlins stadium before crucial vote
Well, while hubbim and dread many DS
Anybody that wants to take tax money and help build a stadium for the freaking Marlins
of which the interest is minimal to nonexistent
While the teachers are getting a screwdriver
Shame on you
Shame on you
Many DS and others
Oh look at this live, watch the commission meeting
It's going on now we could put it on the air
Wow wouldn't that be exciting?
Riveting
In his opening statement
Oh it shows him there
It's got a big, uh,
Diagram in the back, a big photo of what it's going to look like the Marlins stadium
Marlins ballpark, all this other cramp
As City Commission took up the Marlins stadium issue today
Called the project an important part of the blueprint
For keeping Miami world class competitive city world class my ass
You're dreaming
Dreaming world class
About that again, that's you know people deluding themselves
Oh there's Chris Brown
His picture was on to you thing there Chris Brown
I wonder if he knows what's your name downtown
Julie Brown
Julie Brown, that's right very good
Anyway, uh, made the Marlins drop that's his normal can't
The shame on you Norma Foney baseball fan
Norma's just upset because they wouldn't hire him
Who wants to be the catcher?
Lots of experience for when I hear
Okay, now here's one that's wrong
On the RuPaul thing because RuPaul's actually got a name
I forget what it was Alex Charles or something
Right
But again, from a show based standpoint that's what we're talking about
And he's got a new show
RuPaul?
Yes, like a drag queen reality show
Yeah, it does
Maybe it's another chance to know
That's the worst though
The worst swill in history man, just nauseating
Here's one that says for me the most nauseating
One one's word celebrity name, one's word
Not one
Beyonce is Beyonce even a word
I think Beyonce knows his her name but nevertheless what do I know
I mean they do be further aware of that one name
But that isn't just her name her name is Beyonce Knowles
Am I correct?
Yes, correct
Yes
So wrong and get some training
And once one's word celebrity
Oh, she's so many dumb people in so little time
Here's another one from somebody who says a Charro
Well guess what?
Charro, she's probably dead number one and number two
Who now remember sir remember Charro?
Yes, she's like the squares
She is?
Yeah
You want to put her on there Charro?
Gucci Gucci?
Sure
Charro
Now she was the upper left hand square or the upper right hand, I forget
I don't remember
Paul Lin was in the middle
Hey Paul
You fairies
He's still dead
And buddy Hackett, he's also dead
That's a good poll question for George someday not for me
Favorite Hollywood square?
Dead or alive?
Charlie Weaver?
John Davidson?
Or could he be held out of tune or what?
No
He was pretty though once upon a time he was a pretty guy
Had a pretty face, couldn't sing a lick
He licked it though
Steele also did Kiss and Rose from Batman and Robin which sucked
Who would cast George Clooney as Batman
Complete Boltzman signed the Joker
Well the Joker knows
George Clooney just another one from our list of people I will not watch
I did watch that Seriana
Oh, what a piece of turd that was
Did you watch it?
Yes
Awful
Did you like it?
No
Seriana
We'll get back to you as Seriana
Oh, just nauseating
Kenny, oh from Lowbrow
Based on the way this is written I would say Lowbrow is correct
I recently saw the real Kenny Rogers on TV
It looks like he switched heads with a Chit Monk
C-H-I-T
Chit Monk
He looks very bizarre with the tight eyes and woolly face
The Chit Monks really pissed off he got stuck with a Kenny Hade
H-A-A-I-D
Kenny Hade
Oh, okay, well they're just you know
Oh, and it says from Brandon don't forget to let's leave
Have to leave play Hank sleeping
Oh, yeah
You got it?
I have it
Well, when are we going to hear it?
Whatever you want
Well, let me just put it to you this way, okay?
Go ahead!
All right, here we go
We have baseball tonight
Mark
Hang on, sorry
We have baseball tonight
Marlins home this weekend before it
And how it's being reported
And you know what the deal is?
It didn't play right
I'm not sure what's going on here
What are you doing?
I don't know, it didn't play right
Oh, God
I'm not sure how to get it to play right
Well, you had something going there
Yeah, like previewed it, but it doesn't play the whole thing
Here we go
I think I got it now, Hank
Sure
Go ahead
Hang on
Okay, now I really have it
We have baseball tonight
Marlins home this weekend before they hit the road
And then they'll go on a little west coast swing
560560 data, Brad
And Verizon and AT&T customers pound 560
as we get you ready for the weekend
Talking about Tim Donaphy
And now he's asleep
No
The Humper's sleeping
Still
The Don was sleeping
But the Humper was sleeping
I'm thinking about this
So that whole five thing
I don't understand what happened
He fell asleep and they just woke up and he kept talking
He fell asleep and then John Copa was producing the show
was using the talk back going, Hank, Hank, you're on, Hank, you're on
And then he popped up, says the time, and then exits out
Hey, stupid
Wow
Yeah
Now, how many, how many hundred years ago was this?
This was not too long ago
Really?
What do you mean not too long ago?
He's been off the station for over a year for like 14 months
Yeah, it was like right before, I guess they cut him loose
Oh, some other but jolly jo squeezed his pee bag
And used that as an excuse to blow him out
Maybe
Because he fell asleep on a year for a few seconds
Yeah, what's the big deal?
Here's one from Hawk Mark, Haineele and Lee again
I produced a whole show I booked a guest
I provide non-sports office
which makes it stand apart from other sports shows
Show sounds and promotion slides sales for the show
Hey Lee, I'm kicking your ass
Promotions and promotions you can admit that at least
I have an appearance set up for the show every two weeks
And we get one to two thousand people that prestigious stain your highlight
Not to mention the other events and appearances that we use this show to promote
The only thing QM has over seven ideas, Niels Meal deals
They sells faster than Stugots equivalent promotion
We've had only, we've had month old coupons still available on the website
So obviously this is fake
You shouldn't hire Kevin Rogers, he's a good guy
But he's better than anything you put up against us
We like thinking we like things just as they are in the afternoons
In other words, they love the big, they think he's
Rock solid is what they're trying to tell us
Oh me, oh me
Howard David's a bitch
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god
You can't get over with that dewy set for that yet
He's got a lot of knowledge that's all about me now
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say
If he wants to smoke pizza guys then what?
I know what I'm talking about
I'm remodeling at the condo, I can't be elevated down
And on my way to the car when I pull my folding basket out
I give a three condo pizza
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
And I said the toys are back and down
And I got along the sport old booth
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the no-major rules.
I picked to the drive.
Daddy, hold on.
Too bad they're going faster than I.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with any.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
A little smoothie in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
A little baby in the bird.
1218 is 560 WQ.
I think there was a very poor taste that the sleep played that Hank fallen asleep on a year.
Sorry.
No, it wasn't as funny as I thought it was going to be.
Because he wasn't snoring or something.
Who falls asleep mid-sentence?
I can understand if it's like a commas.
I think there was a break with high blood sugar.
That's like on the verge of death.
Somebody who's so enormous that they got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Somebody like that, like the hopper.
Well, that'll teach him to go on a Dan LaBaster show.
Did he do that?
I think I would have gotten more than one spy report if that was true.
Yeah, I haven't heard that.
Although he was at other show.
And then Mo, of course, when 940 Fox Sports was going.
Well, he went on over there while I was on the air.
He did that just despite me.
Of course, it really worked like a charm.
How's that 940 Fox Sports doing?
Maybe they're making a comeback.
What do you hear about that?
I hear it's coming back.
It's coming back in March, I believe.
That is true.
If it failed the first time, if it first, you don't succeed, fail fail again.
That's a lot of in this business.
Paul Rodriguez says no doubt it was Paul Lind, meaning the best Hollywood square.
He was also Samantha's gay uncle and be wished no kidding, Paul.
Like Paul's got to give me instructions about Paul Lind.
Come on, Paulie.
Let's get serious.
God, like I don't know my Paul Lind stuff.
And by the way, a little Paul Lind trivia.
Allegedly, he was a mean drunk like your buddy Harry Kerry also they said about him.
Mean drunk.
Well, nasty.
And didn't Harry take a bad fall in a bar out west before he croaked?
I think that's what the lid of the croaking.
Yep.
Died.
Took a bad fall.
Drunken.
In a drunken stupor.
Bad drinker.
Anyway, so there's a Denys at least there used to be.
I don't know if it's still there.
Biscayne Boulevard on 36th Street.
You know the Denys I'm talking about it.
Probably still there.
Yeah, it's still there.
It's been there for 100 years.
Many, many years ago, many, many, I mean, long time ago.
Probably early 80s, I don't know.
Paul Lind was eating at that Denys and was just sourced.
I mean, he and his entourage just come out from a bar somewhere and made a big disturbance
and seen that they kicked his ass out of Denys.
Is that something great to put on your resume?
Wow, they kicked out a white person.
Now what kind of a racial comment is that?
Didn't they get in trouble for that?
No, they did not.
That wasn't Denys?
No, they kicked out a person.
Oh.
What are you talking about?
I thought they got in trouble for harassing African Americans or blacks, what have you been
to call them?
Whatever's politic.
Dark folks, yeah.
I thought that was Denys that happened back in a day.
I mean, it may have been, I have for, I forget.
I think you're right.
Uh-oh.
People all over the place.
There's that plain crash and buckle ratio.
And all those people are still dead, by the way.
Pretty sad.
Yeah, but that'll teach all you kids out there.
Don't ever fly to Buffalo.
Don't ever take a train there.
Don't drive there.
Don't take a bus.
Don't hitchhike to Buffalo.
Do not go there.
And nobody else saw the new, uh, the 2007 version of the hitcher.
I had no other, not one email about that.
I thought it was okay.
And I'm a real hard ass when it comes to remakes of movies.
Like Psycho and, oh my god, why do they do that?
Because the original is always a million times better.
The only thing missing though, was that scene in the restaurant,
where they had the fries sitting on the counter,
and there was a finger in it,
Rucker Hauer inventing finger food.
He was a great bad guy.
He was a great bad guy.
This guy in the new one, he was, he was, you know, a real scurvy looking guy,
unshaven and smart me, but not an, and I'm the same category with Rucker Hauer.
And this one, of course, since it was years later,
had a lot more gratuitous violence, you know, blood and guts.
Like that. Like the kid being a, being 10 and a half.
That was kind of a gory scene, but very quick,
if you have a weak stomach, don't watch it.
The hitcher, the remake.
Anyway, here's one that says, I was speaking of having a weak stomach.
Wait till you hear this. I don't believe it.
Okay.
Went to the Hard Rock last night to play the slots.
I was walking around to find the machine I had won on last time.
I was there and saw the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life.
This middle-aged lady was playing on a machine, and as I passed her,
she swiveled her chair, puked on the floor, then swiveled back and kept her
around playing. Sick. I don't believe that.
Do you believe it?
No.
She puked on the floor, then swiveled back and kept playing.
Anyway, I found my machine, the game show machine, 1,500 bucks.
Also, when you say you want 1,000, you subtract the money you put into
in the 1,000, Jim and Cooper City, who obviously need some,
help, of course.
Winning is over and above what you put in.
Okay, I mean, do you take a genius to figure that out?
If you spent 1,000 and you got 1,000 out, that means you broke even.
That doesn't mean you won 1,000. Jim.
Right.
What?
No, that's right.
I mean, why does he have to ask me that?
I mean, Jesus, there are so many ignorant people.
I think he was probably affected deeply by that bitch swiveling around
and puking on the floor.
I mean, I know there's a lot of crude people out there,
but I just, I don't know.
I can't believe that.
Rudy says, with flea, you can have a conversation about sports.
In other hands, you can talk to George about roller skating.
In other hands.
What does that mean in other hands?
I don't know.
I never heard that expression before in my life.
In other, you can talk to George about roller skating.
That's a shot at poor little George, who's off today.
He's enjoying the day off, I hope.
But he'll be on all next week with flea.
I'll be long gone, maybe.
I'll be long gone.
Brandon, don't forget to let flea play hang sleeping.
Yeah, we did it.
Thanks for reminding us, though.
I would have forgot all about it.
That's what you were hoping for.
Now, how well do you know the Humber?
Did you have much interaction with the Humber?
Yeah, a little bit.
And?
I like tank.
Of course, how can you not like tank?
Except when he goes out of the people's shows.
I don't believe he went on the levator.
I don't believe that.
Deal?
I find it hard to believe.
Well, if we get Neil, you bastard, you made my day
now that playing that Mohan Gildey song, that was great.
Well, good.
I'm glad.
I made this guy's day.
And then make you feel good?
Oh, yeah.
Neil, did you see the Jonas Brothers on Letterman last night?
No.
Three ugly youngsters, what's the big deal?
Anybody that says Joey Jonas is ugly?
Obviously, he needs an eye transplant.
Anyway, if you didn't, their co-hosting center,
I don't really care with this SNL with Alex Baldwin.
Hold on loosely, Kevin and Miami.
Hey, Jeff Lorry, a building-owned stadium,
you friggin' billionaire, and leave my money alone.
You piece of...
Pust-pust-dual.
How do you like that?
Pust-dual.
Phil Latsman, our post-personal friend, you know Phil?
I know up in.
Oh.
Phil Latsman.
Well, he's one of the few on your people's cousin,
his own little drop-in on this show.
Anyway, he says, is the flea nickname after the bassist
or for Red Hot Chili Peppers?
No, it's spelled different.
Oh.
Then he's got a poll idea here, Phil does.
Your least favorite soft-loaded tourist, French Canadians,
New Yorkers, British Germans, et cetera.
Okay, thanks, Phil.
Take that under consideration.
I vote for the French Canadians.
Ron says it is true.
It is true.
Hank called off the air.
He wouldn't go on the air.
Oh, I see.
Well, like you believe that?
Like anybody would believe it.
With all the crap they make up on there,
they got more fakers in two minutes than we got in 10 years
on that labanstered show.
Hank Goldberg just called it.
Well, the president Obama just called it off the air
said, great job, guys.
Oh, and another thing, there was cracker-birlha had the
a factory problem.
I don't know if the factory was a factory problem or a black problem.
Well, you said factory, the black problem was definitely
Denny's.
They got sued and lost.
But maybe the cracker-birlha was the factory problem.
What is this stupid thing?
Stadium concept, location Joe Robby's stadium is sight.
New 40,000 stadium constructed up against the west side of
Dolphin Stadium.
And this goes on Marty and Davey.
Well, thanks, Marty.
You pay for.
You build it.
Dig deep into your pockets and you build it.
Neil, I received a card this morning advising.
I'll receive an orange and blue envelope from Neilson in a few days.
I'm in North Florida, so I'm not sure if it counts as streaming or not.
Also, well, Neilson doesn't do radio.
Radio.
Right?
The PPM is still arbitron.
Right.
It's TV, man.
Also, this morning we get Lexin Terry up here.
They were making fun of Paul and Young Ron's pictures on their web page.
They're dressed up like bikers.
Pretty sad regards Greg.
Thanks, Greg.
Lexin Terry's sucking.
And Paul and Ron, oh.
126 votes on the pool.
Puffies, kicking ass.
He's got 51 votes.
And WTF is in second place with 17.
Neilson, it's Friday.
You bastard.
Boys with unpopular names come met more crimes.
And David Caruso is taking advantage in CSI Miami.
What do we got?
Well, Horatio looks like a homicide.
No clue who might have done it.
I know this much.
It was no Tom Dick or Harry.
Well, maybe Dick.
When they mean the suspect, people probably be something like Gaylord.
CSI Miami.
Still no leads in the case.
I'm afraid we'll never find out who it is, Horatio.
Wait, Horatio.
That's not a very popular name.
What?
Well, I had done the do with it.
I swear.
What's in the name?
Climb down on the next CSI Miami.
Oh, I can't wait.
1233 at 560 WQAM.
Oh, Mark Hockman just sent me a picture of myself
in his pink shirt city order work yesterday.
God is he ugly.
I deleted it immediately with a whole long song of dance.
Well, they just, they're obsessed over there, like I said.
Oh, we're going to get Neil to talk about us all day every day, yeah, sure.
Hockman is China.
Too many goi I'm working over there.
That's the biggest problem.
And then when you look at the Yiddloch, they got like Fat Josh Friedman.
Does he even count?
Oh, my God.
Do you count him?
No.
Among the human species?
You know him?
I don't know on my know-of-him.
Have you ever seen it?
I have seen it.
Oh, wow.
Have you ever smelled it?
Yeah.
Whoa.
Joe says Paul Lind was by far the best Hollywood square.
I'm not even an old, funny, dirty and I'm in Georgia's age.
But I found TV to be much more entertaining back in the 60s and 70s.
Amen.
With his mother's brothers laughing the Gong show, Carol Burnett, all in the family, etc.
As far as Georgia's concerned, he's tough it up his act on the show, which is okay.
But the fake laugh has to go.
Oh, he says Joe.
Oh, what fake laugh is he talking about?
I don't know.
I guess you'll have to ask Georgia on Monday when he comes back.
Maybe he can do a sample fake laugh for you.
What do you think?
I think so.
When you guys have a great time next week, I'm sure going to be a misanet.
Not.
No.
The fake Josh Cortes says, screw flea, he's taking the spot on the show belongs to me.
How dare he stick his weasel fingers into my business and messing with the streaming?
How dare the fans like him more than they like me?
I hate you, flea, and then in Capitol letters, where the hell is my check old man, Josh Cortes?
I'll tell you where your check is, okay?
In your Tullus.
Bend over, stick your head up your ass and look around.
You'll find it.
Joe Dodgeola is in there saying, is saying get a check.
Get a check.
Joe Dodgeola.
Did you remember Joe Garajiola?
Oh, yeah.
Do you?
Yes, sir.
He'll literate.
Here's a catcher, right?
Catcher for the pirates and the cardinals.
Long time broadcast, sir.
Well, you call it that.
Eliterate.
Get a check.
He got him.
He got him.
Oh, my God.
You wonder why there's so many Eliterate idiots running around?
It's not something brand new.
It's gotten worse.
But oh, look at here.
Somebody that saw the hitcher.
High kneeling flea.
The hot chick from the hitcher we make is Sophia Bush from the show One Tree Hill.
She can kick C. Thomas Hall's ass in a heartbeat.
I wouldn't be surprised as Nigel.
Maybe she'd like to lick, I mean, kick C. Thomas Hall.
We don't see him anymore.
He kind of vanished real fast, didn't he?
Yeah.
He lost that youthful shine.
Great article you might be interested in says Judy, and it's got a link to, uh, no, I will not.
No, I just deleted it.
You're going to send me links.
I mean, you know, if it kills some time for you, great.
Think is a think a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
What is this about?
When you go to a particular website, usually go through several immediate computer servers.
Your response is only going to be as fast as the slowest interlink.
In your case, it's the connection you have to your internet provider.
Since it seems like you have response time problem more than one application.
No, it's, uh, it just need to be rebooted.
That's all don't get all don't get all technically wiggy on me now.
Okay.
Lanyard Kendall.
My, my internet thing here is as fast as grease lightning fast.
You know what I mean?
I do.
And I have no downtime.
I have no complaints.
It depends on whether you have fiber optic cable to your curb.
If you have cable and how far know?
A reality, a reality, a reality, a reality.
Rebooting will not change these issues.
Well, I don't have any issues now.
K. Lanyard.
However, when you get the applications responding, rebooting is not the only fix.
It's as simple as, okay, what do you say, Lanyard?
P.S. it's complexioned.
Complexion is no speaker.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Complexion and I don't know what he's talking about.
Neither does he.
He's obviously doing serious drugs.
Nice.
And Kendall wouldn't surprise me at all.
Scott says didn't know she had her nose many.
Ilyana Rosanna then up.
Raffi Palma Rosanna.
Yeah, when they were doing those steroid hearings, those baseball hearings in Congress,
total waste of time and money, she was there testifying on behalf of Raffi and Jose
and this one and that one, all the Cuban players and all liars.
And they turned out they were all lying.
Except for Jose, for once in his life, he told the truth for once.
And everybody said, oh, yeah, that's Jose, nobody believes him, especially about pay worried.
Yeah, that was surprising.
Oh, she was going on and on about, oh, Raffi, and he's such a credit to the community.
And we've never street named after Jose and blah, blah, blah, blah.
She's just a professional crazy bitch.
And the people who vote for her, those people need to be exiled to Alcatraz somewhere.
It says that means she's now going to call Roy Dealer's Communistists.
See, people say this is Scott and Penelope's part.
People write this stuff and they think it's very amusing.
I guess they're chucking them themselves like George with that laugh.
Don't forget she and Lincoln Dipschmidt, Braveheart, tried to derail the World Baseball Classic
because it was in Cuba.
Cuba was in it, whatever.
Yes, I've thought it was such a paradise that the wife and I left it.
It's Scott and Penelope's part.
But do you know Penelope's part?
Well, haven't been a Tampa go.
Oh, yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Penelope's part is the armpit of that area.
Really?
Yeah.
Whoa, you hear that's got fleeces.
Penelope's part is the anus of the universe.
I wonder if they have a famous anus there.
You like famous anus cookies?
Yep.
And what about that anus burger with bacon and cheddar?
That someday you're going to get at Mickey D's, I'm telling you, it's damn good.
Someday?
Tuesday they got a big promotion going on McDonald's.
What?
Tuesday by a quarter pounder with cheese and get a second one for a quarter.
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't like quarter pounder with cheese though.
No, don't buy that.
I tell you why I do love is the double cheeseburgers.
There you go.
Love Mickey D's double cheeseburgers.
I used to have like a, and I don't eat just the meat like I used to do an Amsterdam.
I don't throw away the bun.
I eat the whole thing.
I mean with all the ice cream and candy and crap I eat, I mean, what do I mean?
At least enjoy something good.
Mm hmm.
Here's one from not sure it said, and this stuff goes back because I always tell you that the pile is upside down.
In other words, the stuff from earlier on gets shuffled at the bottom of the pile as the new emails come in.
Right.
So about the Forbes magazine article that says Miami was the ninth most, what was it?
Worse cities.
Not worst city.
What was the word?
I don't remember.
The pressing negative, unlivable horrendous grotesque slime ball.
He says, I take issue with the Forbes magazine piece as well.
My problem with the piece is not that Miami's on the list.
My problem is that Miami's not number one on the list.
Miami is so far away the worst city in America and probably the world I've been to the slums of Mumbai and Miami makes that place look like Park Avenue.
That no other municipality should even be in the top 10.
Miami should have that list all to itself.
Eliana Rosanna Dan needs to shut up and drop dead not in that order.
As far as the stadium issue, no, no, a million times no.
Even the unthinkable happens and Jeffrey Laurie decides to pay for it himself.
They should still turn them down.
Not only should there be no new stadiums, whether a taxpayer spends or not, but the existing one should be torn down, tear them down, build schools, hospitals, homeless shelters, halfway houses, rehab centers, prisons, etc.
Unicides currently occupied and wasted by dual full stadium in Macarena, the AA Lockhart stadium, all of them.
Kick air be sports team, the F out of the area.
Sports and sports fans have been the reundation of South Florida.
Get rid of them all. Get rid of them all.
F South Florida have a great taste and certainly not sure.
Sounds like he's sure to me.
Oh, Neil!
It's Friday, you bastard.
Today on Dr. Fit, let's do it.
Batman goes ballistic.
Okay, what's your story?
I want you off the f***ing set, you f***ing sorry.
No, don't just be sorry.
Think for one f***ing second.
You are volatile, unpredictable. You have rage problems.
No, shut the f*** up.
The old bitch and since you got here.
Hey, a f***ing distracting.
I don't get that.
What don't you f***ing understand?
Do you just kind of like a good fight?
What the f*** is it with you?
Yeah, you just kind of like start up and get the good fight.
Oh, good for you.
What's your point? What are you trying to tell me?
Kick your f***ing ass!
Do you want a piece of me?
No, no, no!
It's a f***ing are you doing?
No!
No!
Oh, by the way, Phil Arck, I don't care how many times you send me your stuff.
You're stupid, mischief about the, you disagree with me about the Marlins stadium
and I'm doing a disservice.
You can send it a hundred times and I'll delete it every time.
This is an idiot who no matter what I say, he disagrees.
Mr. Contrary, Mr. you know, just to bust my balls.
Is if you care about Phil Arck?
No.
Neither do I.
You think the world cares about Phil?
No.
Anyway, Scott says, flea is right.
And like I've said, Penelos Park makes Tamrac look like heaven.
What is it about Penelos Park that so grotesque?
You want to see Rednext?
You go to Penelos Park.
Oh, you can go anywhere over in the, the general day in the Tampa area.
Yeah, but people in Tampa call people from Penelos Park Rednext.
Really?
Oh yeah, it's trailer city, man.
Matt says, I've been listening for over 16 years now.
I know it's the second of any of your shows.
I love you, Neil.
The first time I heard about, about you, I lived in Tampa and listened on WSUN.
How sad.
Back then, you and Rick Riley had a beef with each other about a briefcase.
I think you even had a song.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Can you tell me the story behind this around the ear about this today?
PS Joey Jonas is no Luis Miguel.
And I have no life, says Matt.
Well, Joey Jonas is no Luis Miguel in that, uh, Luis can sing great.
And Joey is, uh, you know, half his age.
Other than that.
Rick Riley, I could play it.
But then at the end, he says, Rick Riley, you ready to make sure I, uh, get out of it.
You're an A-hole.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I liked the part in his face.
Uh-oh.
There's one in there is a fart sound.
Farmy Dink, what gives him the right?
Oh!
I think his wife, what a bite it off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What does this grace to the human race?
Rick, you're a smuck.
You ain't got birdsucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I liked the part in his face.
Hey, help.
Rick Riley, you're an A-hole.
Oh, see?
But I got it.
Oh, good job.
Hey, I'm quick on the trigger now that we've been joyously recuey him.
I'm really on top of it.
1249, 11 before, uh, one, whatever the hell it is.
We got that Gulf Stream stuff coming up pretty soon.
And the four in the night, I haven't got one email about that.
About the four-hours in the second race.
My pick for art.
Hmm.
Calabria.
Why not?
Oh, Phil sends it again.
I can play.
Well, keep sending it, Phil.
I just deleted it again.
Keep sending it.
Here's one from one of our chronic regulars.
Love this kid flee.
Are you a kid?
No.
His energy, brains, opinions, and balls so rare these days.
Keep it up, kid.
That's how you go places, kid.
All right.
And then there's a poll suggestion from Stephen Jersey.
Okay, kid.
How old are you?
40.
40 years old and you're a kid.
Well, compared to me, you are.
Yeah.
156 votes on this horse ball pool.
I don't like this pool that much.
I'd lay the, I don't like that many of them.
But at least people are sending them in and there's something to stick on there, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Something to stick it.
156 votes.
Which of these one name people disturb you the most?
Puffy 60.
He is disturbing.
WTF20.
Madonna 15.
Prince 15.
Eminem 12.
Rupal 8.
Bjork 5.
Bono 5.
Seal 5.
Cher 5.
Pink 4.
Sting 2.
And Charro None.
And that's because who now remembers Charro?
Kuchi, kuchi, kuchi, kuchi.
Peter Marshall, the host of the original Hollywood Square.
Now that was a show.
It was stupid, but it was fun.
George Goble was on there.
Uh-huh.
And Charlie Weaver.
Cliff Arquette.
And who is the guy with the puppet?
With the puppet.
Yeah.
It'll come to me.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what the deal is.
I can't look at her.
Whoopee.
I say, whoopee.
Oh, no.
It's whoopee.
And I change the channel.
In fact, my remote is programmed to change the media.
Because she comes on the screen.
Mm-hmm.
And I think that's what I'm going to do.
Here's one from Cliff and Kendall.
Shocking email.
Subject the devil's playground.
Did you see this?
I'm sure you didn't.
Neither.
Neither did anybody else.
No.
Wednesday night.
I watched the most interesting show on National Geographic called the devil's playground.
It was about Amish children.
When the Amish children 16, they were allowed to go out into the world on what's called
Rommas Springer.
Rommas Springer.
I wonder if that's kid-elect jury Springer.
Have you ever heard of this, Rommas Springer?
No.
Rommas Springer apparently means party time.
I couldn't believe it.
These Amish kids parties so hard they would have put George to shame.
They had raves thousands of Amish kids from all over the country would gather together
for huge parties.
I'm talking booze guys like pot smoking, crystal meth and wild sex.
Wild.
Wild.
Matches ordinary pedestrian sex but wild sex.
All right.
I just found it to be so amazing.
I was considered the Amish to be ultra conservative in the whole other world.
A few things struck me after watching the show.
Number one, there are no fat Amish people.
Number two, the Amish are good looking people and three of these people practice what they preach.
Rommas Springer.
The most bizarre thing that struck me was that the Amish considered any education of the eighth grade to be dangerous.
Too much education produces false pride so say it the Amish.
Interesting shows his cliff in Kindle.
A national geographic called the devil's playground.
PS best line of the week.
It's a vagina, not a clown car.
That was for the abit with the 800 kids.
Cute.
That was a good laugh.
And George or chuckled.
He churdled at it.
He didn't like laugh wildly or like that.
But he churled chuckled with it to fake laugh or real laugh.
It was the Georgia's fake laugh.
Okay.
He does it a lot lately.
Or he's mailing it in.
Oh Jimmy.
What?
He's mailing it in.
Jimmy Dorsky says that crazy octomom bitches back in the news.
Not that she or her traveling vagina circus ever left.
It was Jimmy's line, I think, about the clown circus.
She was spotted at a game stop store purchasing video games, which I guess were unavailable at her babies or as registry.
I'd suggest she try to find Nintendo's hot selling hard to find why we fit.
A wireless exercise board to be played on the Nintendo Wii.
No, I'm not making a fat mom joke.
I'm just suggesting she buy a large item she can try wedging between her wide open beef curtains
in case there are any kids left up in there.
Glad to know she has extra money for digital entertainment, and that she won't be needing our tax dollars or donations to feed, clothes, and shelter her enormous tribe.
And if anyone who doesn't have kids can't fully fathom how screwed this woman is,
imagine if the kids from eighties enough moved in with the Brady bunch and they lived in Ralph Cramman's apartment.
We should have a pool going on.
How long until we see this fetus factory on extreme home makeover have a great week off Jimmy Dorsky.
Thanks Jimmy.
Jimmy D.
I wonder if Jimmy D. knows will he be?
Oh, wait, I'm flowers and mad him. Thank you so much. Isn't it amazing?
I can ask any obscure question. Oh, look at that. Look what just popped up again.
The picture of the fat obnoxious Josh Friedman.
The fake emailer from across the street says the phantom informer.
Phantom informer has usually got his thumb right in it. He usually knows his crap.
So what do you think about that?
I don't know. Josh Friedman being the, he's large.
I think there's a whole bunch of them. They sit around. They got nothing else going on, especially in midday.
They got no audience. So I'll tell you that.
Oh, but we're going to kick your ass and we got all these people emailing and they're great.
They got all these hits on there or whatever. You know, see, unfortunately, that doesn't make for ratings.
They think that they can continue manufacturing bull crap talk about ratings, which they don't have.
They never have had another than the afternoon. They don't have now. They're never going to have.
I think what we need is a hundred like Ray Perry would say a hundred more sports stations in town.
That would bring a lot more people to sports talk radio.
I tell you what it would do. Ray would bring a lot more people to take the radios and taking a ball,
paying hammer and smashing them into pieces. Do you think? Sure.
How much more can you say about the freaking game? Okay. How much more can you say about give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball,
and how much bigger can we build that freaking wall of football?
Oh, the water to two hours.
Welcome to Hot Ball. I may say, I say I'm Chris Madgers. I gotta be honest with you.
I feel like a little fluffy white cat who's just been giving a warm ball of milk.
I feel like a completely different patient since we have our new president Barack Obama.
It's just like I've had show ghost whisperer with Jennifer Love You and the play psychic medium of indigordin
when she looks at Sam, she sees that that husband Jim's face,
because when he died he jumped in the same body. I draw the parallel because when people look at me they see me,
Chris Madgers from Hot Ball, that must have been sick.
But when I look in the mirror I see a little girl in a pink wrapper, my hair in pink tails,
licking a lollipop with like a two-footed circumference.
I feel like Rose from tonne of half man, you know, Charlie Stark or girlfriend.
I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive.
But it not is not, people say to me, hey Chris, what about the fact that the downpunch
to its lowest level on a night-eeration day history?
So what? People say to me, hey Chris, how can we possibly create four million new jobs under the Obama administration?
I say he can, he's a candy man. He can take a rainbow, wrap it in his side.
So get in the sun and make it gravy-light and pie.
I feel like a cherry pop type that's been big, golden brown, the perfection and the toast to rub and
he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed.
I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpins. It's a new day.
Same old crappy economy, war is horrible, real estate market, endless despair and divisiveness.
But now we have a president who can take tomorrow.
Dimpit in the dream, separate the sorrow and collect a ball of cream, a bomb of can, a bomb of can.
He's a candy man. I push my fingers, play high-poll, I'm a semper state.
Bulk and take a sunrise.
Fuck a tank of sunrise.
And then sprinkle it with dough and buy the can.
It covers even chocolate and America with two. You know why?
He's a candy man.
Yes he can. The candy man can.
Okay, 102, look at that there. Coming out of the track for the first race of Gulfstream.
All right.
Well, 13 minutes to post. It can't be coming out on the track.
They're going in there in the walking ring.
Give her a check out the walking ring.
I have. New and everybody. Welcome back to Gulfstream Park.
Rollie Hight, Ron Nicoletti.
The odds couple with you for a Friday TGIF edition, Ron.
And we're going to get a lot of trouble for putting this on here.
I think it feels very summery down here.
Send in that. That was the crap that we're trying to pedal yesterday from across the street.
Well, we're going to get even with Sid the kid what you guys did to Sid someday show.
Yeah, great comparison. No, you think? Oh, yeah, putting NFL broadcast on the radio.
To the middle of the country, but it was very windy.
That's why they had to come to me.
It was windy. Just pull my microphone over. Excuse me.
Okay. No, yeah.
Oh, Ron Nicoletti. This is the New Yorkie guy that does the handy cramping there.
Yeah, nice guy. We picked somebody else in the first and the second race to them.
He doesn't know anything. No, right.
Trying to remember who we picked. I don't recall.
I think he picked the kissing code to five. That'll be the chalk.
Scratch the two in the first race of Gulfstream.
I don't know about the second race. And is what Steve's slowing out there or what?
He's there. Is he really as he plunged in his guts out?
Is he lose a lot of what? He's okay. He does okay.
That means he's a liar. Yeah.
That would be like I told you I do okay at the slots.
You know, I mean, actually I do okay compared to like most I guess.
Have a lot of winning days, but over the long run here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Yeah, the hostage for the first race. They picked the one I'm not I'm not going to get involved with them.
Okay. And I'm not getting any information about that second race about the four horse.
Steven Jersey still in Jersey says 40 sorry for the kid reference.
You sound much younger. Well, I wouldn't say much younger much squeakier.
Yeah. Is the term as in the chic like that.
Prime. You know, you need to better net. Wow.
See, when people give me that crap about guilty, having been in this business since I was 17 years old,
which means almost 50 years, it.
It just doesn't take a genius to figure out that if somebody is going to be a broadcaster,
that what's necessary isn't like a great voice like, you know,
Walter Cronkider, Westbrook Van Vories, but at least a decent voice.
A reasonable voice, not like the chic and certainly not like Yieldmeister.
You ever watch the pink Panther cartoon?
No, I was gonna say because I can't tell the difference between the art bark from the art bark and the anteater show or whatever it is and Sid.
And Sid. Hey, yeah. Yeah. I can't stand Sid.
Really? You said the kid? Yeah. Everybody's good buddy across the street.
That wants to be on everybody's my space page. Whatever.
He sent me a friend request. I deleted it immediately.
He also sent me a one word message. You know what the word was?
What?
Yeah. That was it.
And I thought to myself, boy, is this really a putzer what?
That was my first like interaction with this creature.
Of course, if you had talked to big gaming, you had a one share in the morning.
Probably you'd be. It would get to you.
Well, you know what he says about that, right?
What's that?
He says the one share are the smart people in South Florida and everybody else in the kitchen.
Listen to it.
Well, that will make you a lot of money.
The smart people.
The New York inbreds is what they are.
Anyway, it says my comments remain keep up the good work.
You sound much younger. Steve says in Jersey, Paul in the greatest center square ever.
My long dead mother referred to him as wishy washy.
Maybe swishy washy was indeed a mean drunk according to several books in 60's entertainment.
Yeah, that's what got kicked out of Denny's.
For making a big scene and being drunk is a skunk.
My guilty pleasure is the Mickey D's double cheese hold the cheese.
Steve, I hate to break the news to you, but they have a word for that.
It's called double hamburger, not double cheeseburger.
You don't order cheeseburger and say hold the cheese.
I've had order to take you to charge me more for no cheese, Steve.
Maybe because they figure you're an idiot and you'd pay more.
Hold the cheese.
I mean, what does that mean?
Can you figure that out?
No.
Is he too stupid to say give me a double hamburger?
Because they do have such a thing.
I guarantee you that.
No, no, you're wrong, Neil.
They don't make a double hamburger.
It's a double cheeseburger.
You have to tell them, hold the cheese.
Hold the cheese, my ass.
Hold the cheese.
As Josh Redman would say, squeeze the cheese.
Oh.
Well, here come to your horses out of the track.
It goes to me for the first race.
Walker's beach with Carlos Marquez, Jr.
That wouldn't surprise me if his daddy was a great writer somewhere named Carlos Marquez,
Sr. To his out.
Three is, say, Valleier.
Elvis Trujillo.
How come we don't hear the PA guy doing the opposed parade?
Hmm.
Oh, boy.
That's bad.
Four.
Stephen loves me.
Rowan Vargas.
I've heard of a Rowan horse, but that's an unusual name for a jockey in it.
Rowan.
Yeah.
The horse is a chestnut and the jockey is a Rowan.
Julio Castillo rides the five initial contact.
Fourteen to one.
No chance.
Nice red silks, though.
I love those people go to the track and the woman will say, oh, what?
Pretty colors on the six.
Yeah.
Six is a bumblebee colors.
Do you jockey make good money?
This is some of them.
You bet.
Yeah.
They get 10 percent.
You know, emotional, Jermaine Pridman.
They win a lot of races and they ride in big races.
You bet they make serious money.
Some of them make millions.
Wesley Henry Jr.
The seven grand aza.
The eight is MacRomey with Arice Campos.
ARES.
You ever hear of a name like that?
Arice?
No.
No.
Pedro Monterey Jr.
Nine.
Cruisin Countis.
Why is it that so many of the jockeys are Hispanic?
I was eight or T's rides the 10, my mom's image.
I've always wondered that.
A lot of them come from Latin American countries where horse racing is big, I guess, but why aren't they more like Anglo jockeys?
Have you ever wondered that?
Not really.
Well, why not?
You're getting into this crap.
You go out there when George is there.
Yeah, it's fun.
You actually put a few bucks down or not?
Every once in a while.
Yeah, not.
That means not.
Cheap skin.
Well, it's not a kind of no the worst.
With a kind of pick, you're having to take.
I wouldn't be gambling away any money.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, but the good news is I had X to work.
Yeah, that's right.
X to work for less money.
Sounds like you're complaining already to me.
What?
Sounds like flea is belly-acon.
You ought to be ecstatic that you have a chance not to put clearance in its place.
Well, I just hope that my, I hope that my pay-acon is going to be a little bit more than that.
I think I'll allow the stockholders to get their dividend this year.
That's my message to the stockholders, okay?
Listing to the little dog the other morning, he was upset that one of them,
you have a right recruits wasn't going to sign with the canes.
So he and the insults to the kids parents for letting him do that were flying from the callers
and from Joem himself.
At one point, Jo stopped himself short before he hurled another insult.
He actually looked at a list of 200 words that you can't see on QAM.
Is that true that there's a list?
Yes.
If so, put it on your page so we can see them.
How effing ridiculous.
Love the show Rob and Seth Miami, chronic.
Thanks Rob.
So they were knocking the kids parents because they wanted to go to UM.
Maybe they wanted to get like a real education or something.
It wasn't so much his parents.
This kid Bryce Brown has a mentor who's also like his priest or whatever.
Yeah, you're all.
Taken him under his wing.
Oh!
Well, that's not a good idea.
No.
Oh, and here's this thing again about the Joaquin things.
I'm going to delete that.
I don't care about Joaquin things.
And I don't stay up to watch Letterman.
Sorry.
A link.
Yeah, my wife says it's fake that he's acting.
I think he's high.
Yeah.
And I don't really care whether he's high or acting or acting high.
Because I mean, I know who he is, but he's like number one ugly and number two can't act as wet of a paper sack.
I thought he was pretty good and walked the line.
I didn't see it.
You think I would walk the line?
You don't like Johnny Cash?
Oh, my God.
You've got to be kidding me.
Country music and me.
We just, oh, here's PayPal.
There's PayPal member, another fake thing.
Okay, I'm printing out all the real stuff.
And of course, when we say real stuff on these emails, what we think might be real, as opposed to what we know, is Erzatz.
Okay, let's see what I just printed out.
Kathy says, were you referring to the change over at WINZ just now when the SMA Times can you talk about sports?
Well, that was one of the things.
All of this crap we can't sell progressive radio and so on is just that crap.
This is because having a propagated monopoly on their waves is more important to these people, meaning cheap channel, than money they make on the year.
Sucking up to Republicans helps them and other aspects of the business so they're trying to kill off these other stations.
I got news for her when it comes to killing off stations, cheap channel are the experts.
And speaking of suckups, heard Bubba loves bunch this morning, had a lawyer on to take calls from listeners, but for some reason they used the time to have the guy prove he could get Charlie Christ on the phone.
Christ actually took this call and Bubba and the multitude in the studio proceeded to kiss every inch of Charlie's ass and congratulate him on his marriage.
Hey, Charlie, you fairy.
Wow, Pete all over his shoes for being willing to appear with Obama and Ford Myers.
Next time, leave the TV cameras at home and see if Christ shows up since Kathy. Kathy's a little pissed off at your gay governor.
But Bubba is all up his rectum, Charlie Christ. Really? Oh, yeah, wouldn't be the first one.
And I bet you the attorney is Steven Diaco a guy went to high school and college.
But if it's by vomit times, it must be getting pretty crowded back there. Say it again.
And I would say the attorney is probably Steven Diaco, who is brothers of the person that did the gasp of bypass surgery on Bubba. He's a good friend of mine. I went to Florida State with him.
Really? Yeah.
Does he know Hulk Hogan? Oh, yeah.
Oh, I've never heard that show and I'm sure I never will. So how can I comment on it? I won't.
What a pucks. Of course you can ask for a double hamburger, even if cheaper. Says Larry.
So why don't you ask for a guy? I don't get it.
Oh, I see he's just knocking at the guy. Yeah. Double cheeseburger. Hold the cheese. Oh my god.
I'm surprised he doesn't whip out his junk and say hold my cheese. Walker's beaches third at the rail.
Then comes emotional in fourth. Mac Graham about to be taken on by save Valleier.
Save Valleier Drift.
First crazy. We don't have any best interest in this. And Mac Graham is back in the second.
I'm pleased to win. I have no idea what the prices and save Valleier come under the wire.
Three seven something Mac Graham seconds and third is going to be close.
But it was close. The one that beat the three was a five to one.
Cash ain't tickets. No, dammit. It's that twa Friday. You bastards.
I'm pleased to win.
Talkers. What are we gonna do? I say talkers. We are all being screwed. I say listen.
Twice this happening to us. We want the MCC to get our fun.
There's no place for us now even DJs are all down in the mouth. You can listen.
But now you will find any words that will call up your mind.
No fun to be. No fun to be.
That's what I do. You're fair. There's nothing left for us to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children. No fun to be.
That's what I do.
No fun to be.
They want us to be clean. They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old. Knees listen to us. I say young and old.
Police don't put up a bus. Help us put your shirt.
The MCC but you're not a bus with one female rider.
Can't do it. All my selfless self-help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf. Let the MCC know just how you feel.
And maybe we'll get the fun just while we feel.
MCC what are you doing to us?
MCC what are you doing to us?
Our rating for slide. In fact, in my time.
Because of the MCC you want to band what we can do.
MCC you band what we can do.
You've even tried to band the record.
That's the DJ's name.
People are in touch with you.
I said people.
They stand and fight for what's true.
And you're a leader.
And too so far so we can tell the MCC what the end of all day.
Our Neil Roger.
And so far on your side.
People.
We have nothing too hard.
Young and old.
Get your opinions out.
And maybe the MCC will stay out.
MCC in the morning now.
MCC in the evening now.
No one knows what works right now.
We are on the MCC to let us see.
Go away.
MCC.
MCC let us live our lives for real.
Wow, she's in pain.
Let me tell you.
We're with the ending.
I got some breaking news.
What?
I got some breaking news in this
work world.
Yeah.
The heat trade Sean Miran and
Marcus Bank to the raptors.
For Germano, Neil and
Jamari O'moon.
Who cares?
Somebody.
Oh my God.
My four horse in the second
race of Gullstein opens at four
to five.
Four to five favorite.
Chalk.
Chalk.
The one that you won entry is two
to one.
Second choice.
But the four is five to one in
the morning line opens at four
to five.
Shame on you.
Get that baby a backup at
least to two to one.
Four to five.
Who now wants four to five,
right?
Oh, that's a good sign.
No early money.
So what would that pay on a
$50 win?
Well, let's see.
Four to five pays three
eighty.
So fifty is forty ninety
ninety five bucks.
I'll take it.
That's not very good.
I mean, you know, eight to five
it's going to go back up.
But I got an early dump.
Do you ever see a horse taking
early dump just today?
See, there you go with George
again.
This is just this morning
is supposed to say just this
morning.
Sorry.
Do it just like George.
Just this morning.
Just like George.
Go ahead.
Okay, hundred ninety eight
votes on this second poll
of the day.
This this poll really blows.
It's like, well, we don't have
one.
So here's something.
Which of these one name
people distribute the most
Puffy 73 WTF 23
Madonna 22 prints 21 and then
after that, small potatoes.
I thought you were going to
give me some breaking news
about the vote on the stadium.
No, I haven't heard
any of you.
A bunch of heat crap.
Yeah.
Well, the heat in the
Raptors.
They both suck by the way.
What if they're playing that
game from Tampa again on
leafstv.
What a tough down.
I see a little king.
Who now cares about the
LA?
Even in LA they don't
care about the
Stinking Kings.
No, that's in
scratchy.
Screw him.
Needle knows.
Well,
deserved that Phoenix is a
franchise on the verge.
Miami City commissioners
stood poised to vote over
this afternoon on a
historic pact that could
bring a new baseball
stadium to little Havana.
God forbid.
Miami mayor, many D.S.
in his opening statement
of city commissioners took
up the Marlon City
issue today called the
Public Works project.
An important part of the
blueprint for keeping Miami,
a world-class competitive
city in the decades to come.
World-class city says many
D.S.
Who evidently doesn't get
around much.
The S. Place the state in the
same category as public
investments in park space
and performing arts
centers.
Most of the stadiums
cost to be footed by the
public, but D.S.
seized upon the fact that
the contribution is
primarily in the form of
hotel bed taxes, which
are often paid by
tourists.
What tourists?
We got tourists if you're
counting on public
investments.
The stadium D.S.
said is a $600 million
local investment using
other people's money.
Oh, and the investment
couldn't come in a more
needed time, D.S. said,
with the economy struggling
deeply, the mayor says,
government's got a
responsibility to create
jobs and stadium
construction, but creates
some 2,000 jobs, with
hundreds of new
permanent jobs, once the
facilities complete.
The S. City recently
visited the construction
site of an office building
being built on
brick-a-lava, and the workers
there urged him to secure
passage for the new
stadium.
D.S.
quoted one of the
workers telling him,
I have no idea what I'm
going to do once I'm done
here.
The mayor also said he was
offended by the talk that the
kinds of jobs the
stadium producers are low
wage, less desirable jobs.
These jobs, D.S. said, made
it possible for him to become
the first and his family to
attend college.
Well, evidently he didn't
learn much.
Here's one of the responses
because in the herald on the
website they've got a whole
of these are a lot of very
funny.
This one isn't funny, it's
for just accurate.
We're just using other
people's money, although
so tell taxes could go
a long way toward refurbishing
some of the tourist
infrastructure here, like
the convention center which
actually has a real return on
investment.
No one comes to Miami for
baseball.
That's his ludicrous.
And who says a world class
city has to have baseball
theme?
London, Paris, Hong Kong,
Beijing, Rome, don't have
baseball teams.
Nor does Mexico City, a
Rio, Sao Paulo.
Baseball is basically a
U.S.
Japanese Cuban Caribbean
game.
It's not a world sport.
Well said.
The horses are coming on the
track for race three at
aqueduct.
After rail today, I don't
think he's got more
cheerleys.
Speed, but I guess give one
to two on the rail, one to
two in a six to five horse
field.
Don't you hate those tiny
fields like that five horses?
What kind of a pay off you're
going to get in that?
Well, let's take a look and
see how my four horses being
back to go.
He's still favorite eight to
five.
Well, that's a good sign.
He's five to one in the
morning line.
He's getting better eight to
five.
That's a good sign.
He's got a he's alive.
Maybe he's alive.
Guess who died?
Who's no longer alive?
I don't know.
Outside the after the break.
Oh, you!
Yep.
It's Friday, you bastards.
The worst of these
did all the bad you find.
The worst of these
don't like the worst of
our sins.
The worst of these
folks, they have to
get out of here.
I'm dead.
The right way nuts
want to
throw
sectors from ourselves.
You don't watch
what you say you
better or else.
You're best at
you're best at
the worst of these
are monetary
to every
boy.
I'm a fucking
ill-stead
and I think
me.
I can
say this
on three-three.
I hear my
order unit
is this to do the
getting forced
land-widding
by the power
that's been made
on Lord God's
push, the federal
investigation
is commissioned
and my prompt
seems to
have come from the house.
I think this is
a monomax
of the
The worst of these
are the worst of
these.
They want my
civil rights.
The worst of these
are the worst of these.
You fail.
The worst of these.
Okay, one thirty-two
and five sixty-and-one
twenty-two and one
twenty-twenties
away from that second
race.
The pressure building
there.
Oh, yeah.
A Gulf Stream.
Oh, that's right.
You're not a Gulf
Stream.
No.
Here's that third
race at the
Anquaduct.
That one is a heavy
truck.
Three to four, seventy-five
cents on a buck.
Leads.
After a soft half mile
of fifty-one second.
Fifty-one.
You're calling.
It's a five-horse field.
They're walking
their own hands and knees.
And one historic
four heavy truck is still
forth and making a move
on the fourth turn.
Three lengths from the
lead.
Then banjo.
Now he's turned.
Midway on the turn.
In between horses, the
man can step.
On the outside, Mr.
again, and need a name at
the rail.
Three of them across the
track with heavy truck
on a far outside.
What do you think?
Three quarters and one
sixteen and two.
One sixteen.
I could go this.
Mr. again.
The one's not going to get
there.
I'll do that right now.
No change.
No change.
The one outside is bad
action.
Towards the rail is need a
name.
Then the man can step.
Mr. again leads by two
and a half lengths.
That action.
In second.
That action is right.
Heavy truck.
Here comes the bunny and
there goes your money.
A desperate second.
That's what happens when
you get away fifth and a
five horse field.
And you go those unbelievably
slow fractions.
But that was aqueduct and
we don't care about that,
right?
No.
Oh, and by the way, we
won't hear about the stadium
deal until late tonight because
they haven't even gone in front
of the county commissioners.
They're still in front of the
city commissioners right now.
There's many commissioners.
Oh, yeah.
You got that word right.
Two to one on the forward
Gulf Stream, by the way.
Seven to two on the entry of
the one.
And three to one on the five.
Five must be that.
Oh, yeah.
Kissing code.
I'll just we'll just leave it
there.
So we are going to hear about
it.
Well, I don't have to keep going
back and looking at the hero.
No.
I'll be damned.
Gay Ted and Welton Manners
obviously are fake.
Since as a fellow as a fellow
gay fellow around the same
age as you, I'm surprised to
restrict the movies that you watch.
See, I watch movies that I
think I'm going to enjoy.
I know that comes as a great
shock to you.
Not that somebody else told me
that they enjoyed, but movies
that I think I'll enjoy.
You should be open every genre
and actor out there, but I'm not.
Why would you not watch a walk
to line or movie with George
Clooney?
Because I hate George Clooney.
And I did watch Seriana from
Start to Finish and it sucked.
It blew.
Why not watch the movie first before
me in a format opinion on it?
Let me tell you why, because it
takes an hour and a half or two
hours to watch a movie.
I'm not going to invest that much
of my time, especially with
a limited amount of time I got
left watching something that I
think is I'm going to hate.
I was not a fan of Johnny Cash
either, but this Phoenix guy
obviously did a good job in the
film, this Phoenix guy.
He don't even, he can't even
pronounce spell Joaquin.
Hey, like that, this Phoenix
guy, which one?
Whatever guy was on
Letterman.
There are many movies that you
refuse to watch for one reason
or another, and I think you
should keep a moral, but my
like George and Flea and give
some of those films a try.
But here comes the best part.
But I do agree with you on the
Jonas kid.
I'm an old purve too.
Thanks, Neil, love your show.
Gatehead and Wilton Manor.
How do you like that?
Well, guess what?
I saw him first.
You can't have him.
Joey.
Hey, Joey.
Come on over, Joey.
Let's have a little lunch.
Let's have a little talk.
Oh, I forgot to tell you who
died.
Well, they're coming out of the
track for the second race of
Gulf Stream.
Nine minutes to post on.
Both for art.
Henry Colazo, in three-
five minutes.
Eight to five.
Before we get set again, that's a
good sign.
He's taking steady money, baby.
Three to one.
Eight to five.
That's about five six.
My mom can mamba and Andrew Hall.
But folks flocking to the four
Calabria.
They're flocking to Calabria,
which is in Italy, you tell me.
Yes, that's right.
It's right down by Sicily.
I didn't pick that one on top,
but Calabria, beautiful town,
been there years and years ago.
But you know what?
I'm going with the old number five
in here, kissing code, Rolly.
Because this one's going to stretch
out the six-and-a-half for a
long stretch.
Yes, stretch this out.
I'm going to have to go to the
addition of Lasix with a second
place finish and did that
behind-o class drop of you.
Remember this horse called
I'm it Wayne.
That was at five and a half
for a long Alan Jerkins.
Shannon Uski penciled him for
the return assignment was facing
better, I believe last time.
Not pretty square price at three
one, but like as you mentioned,
everybody zeroed in on Calabria.
Kissing code just needs to avoid
the bounce.
A very strong bounce on this.
Avoid the bounce.
That's something that they made
up and threw away racing the
bounce horse runs a big
race.
And all he's going to think
the next time out the bounce
bounce on this.
Singer Estelle Bennett, one of the
original members of the 60s group
the Ronets has died at the age of
67, said her sister Rony
Specter.
The Ronets Estelle has gone,
Specter said and posted on her
website, did it Wednesday, to my
beloved sister, rest in peace.
You deserve it.
Don't we all deserve to rest in
peace?
Well, most of us.
Not Jolly Jo Bello.
No details of the cause of
the location of Bennett's
death were given.
The Bennett Specter and her
cousin Anita Talley were from
the Washington Heights section of
Manhattan and went on to perform
as the Ronets.
Recording hits like Be My
Baby and Walkin' in the Rain
before breaking up in 1966.
You could play it if you knew
how to dittle Georgia's
stuff there, but you don't.
No, I try not to dittle
this stuff.
Oh, don't dittle Georgia's
crap.
Then it recreated one solo record
the year 2000 the Naked Boy
before she retired to raise a
family of the New York
Heights.
The Ronets, you read it,
it recreated only once for the
2007 induction into the Rock
and Roll Hall of Fame.
Well, thank God she got in there
before she croaked 67.
She did not so old, especially
when you're 66.
Let's do the break a little bit
early so we don't get behind.
Okay.
On the big race at Gulf Stream.
A lot of pressure on me.
Airby Friday, boy, you're
old.
You can't handle this much pressure.
Can you handle it?
I'll give it a shot.
Let's see what the board looks
like.
One, the entry is four to one.
Four, still the chalk nine to
five, the five, three to one,
and the six is taking a
little action.
Look at that three to one.
The six is taking a
late money and the four just
went up to five to one.
Oh, no.
Yes, I'm about to heart.
Well, the O'Rodgers guy.
The hottest show on Earth is
back as contestants from around
the USA battle to become the
next American Spillie Idol.
I'm all out of home.
One more bad,
hadry, he could bring it
to you right now,
but somebody please kill me.
That was truly horrible.
I'm about to feel like
I can't
am I?
It's a
last evening run wide
waiting.
Oh, I just
wanted your name is B-I-L-L-L-I-E.
That's such a great touch,
but your lip is a little off.
And I will have more spikes
on your jacket, you know.
Oh, here she comes now saying,
moan and moan.
Hello everyone, this is the real Billy Idol.
I'm not American.
Shoot him down, turn around and come on, moan.
But someone will be crowned the next American Billy Idol.
Okay, what excellent timing, by the way,
if I say so myself.
The fourth and the Tampa just finished,
and the three worst one by about 500 lengths.
And now we got the minute to go to post time
for our second race at Gulfstream.
You excited?
Yeah, very.
No, you're not.
No.
You'd be a lot more excited if you had like 100 to win.
Now let's see what the odds are.
Five to two.
We still the favorite to four.
He went up to five to one and then came back down.
Five to two.
That's a $7.00 house.
$50, $7.00, $375 for art.
If we if he wins.
Nice.
If not, our best wishes.
This is a great email as the horses are going to the post.
About the bitch with all the kids.
Yeah.
Todd says this week reminds me of the Groucho Marx line
when he had a woman on you bet your life with 12 children.
He asked her why, and she said she loved children.
Groucho said, well, lady, I love my cigar,
but at least I take it out of my mouth once in a while.
You don't like that?
It was cute.
Wow.
You are a hard-ass, Mr. I thought that was funny as hell.
I love my cigar, but at least I take it out of my mouth
every once in a while.
Well, they're going to the gate.
That golf stream.
Less than a minute for post time.
The one, the entry is a seven to two, the one and one eight.
Two is six to one.
Three is 45 to one.
No shot.
Four.
The truck.
Five to two.
The five is three to one.
Six is seven to two.
And the outside three to seven eight and nine are box cars.
Big numbers.
No chance.
Little chance.
Don't ever say no chance because if they're in the race
they got a shot.
Like that 30 to one shot that one that one day.
Beat our horse up two weeks ago, remember?
Yeah.
That would have been nice paid in.
Well, who the hell is going to pick that?
That piece of turd.
Kevin says Hank did indeed call it a day in show yesterday gave his opinion
to the best movie scene ever shot in South Florida.
His choice was a scene from Goldfinger with Sean Connery.
I guess even Hank knows that Mandage his week these days have a good one
and he'll sign the fake Kevin.
Right.
Well, that's interesting because we got two people to say called in,
which I don't believe and one who say he called it off the air.
That's very credible.
They're going to the gate if they ever were to decide to get this horse and buggy thing going here.
Oh no buggy.
That's a liver.
It has moved in.
Well, there you go.
Like Calabria.
That's the name of the game.
4 or 5 to 2 Calabria.
It's an Italy code.
And the five is also 5 to 2, but the four is just a few bucks.
I have a mumbo going in.
Mumbo the mumbo.
There's Calabria.
There's Calabria.
Over there by Sicily, Sicilia.
Getting to get you idiot.
Calabria is going to wrong direction.
The next one.
There we go.
And through all of the.
Pension you could cut it with a butter knife.
Couldn't you?
I'm on the edge of my seat.
Waiting for word in edgewise.
Over cracking of dreams.
Yeah.
King of dreams coming up to the outside stall.
Then they're all in.
Not.
Get in there, you idiot.
Oh my god.
Are they in?
Are they out?
Yeah, what happened?
They're in the gate.
Just relax.
Don't get all pent up with emotion.
Sorry.
It's not your 50 bucks to win.
And they're all in line.
All in line.
And.
And.
Dreams not quite in there.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Get them in there.
Quit the crap and around.
No problem.
Don't go down.
Oh boy.
Ready for the start.
And a way to go.
They're off.
King of dreams.
One got away.
Real man.
One is the real man.
One is the real man.
One is the real man.
One got away.
One got away.
One got away.
One got away.
One got away.
He said ingl ...
Into some confusion.
Some confusion.
Thoughts ...
It's game class question.
Can you imagine ...
That someone got eliminated.
And grew out of the queue ...
The chat AndreaLuc laughs.
That the spa...
five to two is a seven dollar horse nice price hope for the
band thing along we
did go to the top of the
mountain mumble for his work and five is coming on the
side word it had twice in king of dream you know that
for all say you get to catch here slice him in dice and
four half smack him in the end of a stretch and
Columbia leads the way by two holy limerick comes up the
rail lexicon turbulence to the outside that Andrew Hall
followed by hope for the best guess what there's nobody
code it's Columbia coming down to the city like
me there's nobody come we've got it nice going here
holy congratulations art and here is Jose Las
Cotto's one thousandth career win and it comes on
calabria six seven ranks then hope for the best close
between my mama can mamba with Andrew Hall then
holy limerick there you go all you expert pervert
handicraft for his man I am the man winner winner five
to two so he's going to pay at least seven bucks what
winner winner nice going art congratulations and
you're welcome you're at 75% right now winning three out
of four man and then this one one this is the way I
like it I like those hang on a win by head that's why
I like the horses in front and nobody's coming that's
what I like and he's just extending the lead by two by
three by four by five wins in a waltz calabria it's my
tiny connection baby nettak exciting nicely done I am
the man I'm the handicraft per maybe I'll quit this job and
I'll go and George can do the show and make what's your
name happy and I'll just be to do the handicraft
for about fifty bucks a week what do you think sure
calabria boy he won he just demolished the field I was a
little bit nervous there at the top of the stretch
look like he was maybe a little puke city but then when
a Jose liscana and I didn't realize that Jose was going for
his thousandth career win if I'd have known that I'd have
I'd have doubled a bet I'd have given art a hundred to win
for your money thanks now wait to hear this
a pill arc who's just a chronic negative or whatever I say he
says the opposite and thinks he's very very clever why
I'll tell you why I feel why have I been muscled I think
others produce a lot less for the show than I do and you
continue to read their swill I produce interesting topics
and I fully developed opinions sure I don't always agree
with you but at least I can express myself clearly no you
go out of your way to disagree and just to be disagreeable
okay and most importantly now here here comes the best
part I want you to listen very carefully listening yep and
most importantly my real identity would be very enjoyable for
you let's just say I'm very well connected and important
whoa I sincerely hope you reconsider the silent treatment
toward me I would hate to fill out another application for
another email account
says Phil Ark he's very well connected and very important
how do you like that well and he's all for that stadium man
yeah I read through waitos I'm not reading that you can be
all for it your entire your opinion I just I'm not going to
read the contrary crap just for the sake of being contrary
but it's good to know that it's somebody very important
what in good God my message husband and wife been fussing
all day they take a ride past our herd of jackasses wife says
relatives of yours he said yeah in laws oh my God is that
funny or what not oh my goodness Rodney and Kendall says
Hank did call Dan show yesterday but didn't go on here he gave his
opinion about the movie but said his radio days are over refused to go
on he didn't call in they just make this stuff up and people are
stupid enough to believe it oh guess what Dick Nixon just called in
off the air wow yeah Richard Nixon just called in on our show he
called in off the year but didn't want to go in here I mean just give
us a breath already where you so is a Steve out there as he
excited about my winner he was very excited how much did it
pay seven what he didn't say well he'll tell you at least $7
five to two's got to play at least some bucks maybe change so
let's see if art wants to feel the change I'm sure we'll get a
report from Steve I'm texting him right now yeah text him and see
with an ampay off his dammit because I got off of that the channel
oh Adam Oshmuk over in the kitchen to Waterloo says you
kicked some hot smelly ass right there you are a needle god you
killed that I am Adam hey Adam let me say one thing to you you
ferry Adam's okay he just doesn't have much going on you know like a
lot of us kind of a what's that expression George and I used
quiet despair a life of quiet despair oh that is so great and
to describe so many of us to a tee let's see please tell that
to flee that John Biner was the voice of the art of arc in the art
and the art of our cartoon shorts and I say John about it wasn't
said anyway I'd like to shove a sock down the throats of
jacquimation and said to you this is but not John Biner I always
like them whatever happened to John Biner anyhow says Ernie
Sochen were our guiles the fake Ernie Sochen ice-cold Ernie
Hey Roy by the way where is pink lipstick are you
were that no she wears lipstick
right there shoot me up for the ball game
me up with the noise so I'll have small butts and a face that's
cracked I got two bears growing on my back but I'll shoot
shoot shoot some more snare Roy's for the first free training game
cause how else could I join Barry Bonta the whole of
fame all right me a Roger's gig on midday 10 to 2 560
is a media broadcasting force for old she plans to be the mayor in a
pound of 52 then became the governor of the state where the girls are
few she kept the money for the earmark that she got approved and
said her name her children trick and track and dignity do where the
battles are killing up with crank it was still a force from Alaska
every two and as come old from Alaska I give off people bye bye bye
