The music expressed on the video.
That man didn't say I will win back in the Russian house cramps to your heart.
Not for a day, I'll win.
I'll win that script.
Oh, no, I'm gonna cry and see you.
You're a boring little artist for a day.
5, 6, 7, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7
9, 9,
were on a control. There's so hungry. There are so hungry.
Madness. Madness. Crazy bitches out here.
Oh, there's some crazy bitches all over the place. There's no question about that.
Well, so Brittany was here. That sounds a little like the crazed Brittany fan,
doesn't it? Little tiny, tiny bit. Obviously, that was a chick.
I understand. That's what I'm saying. It's like a chick version of the crazed.
Well, at any rate, she did the concert last night. I got another one tonight here.
And I guess it was just fine from the spy report I got very briefly because they were like,
you know, after the concert, you go out with your friends and your party and get drunk and
whatever like that. Spend a lot of money before the concert after the concert during that concert.
That's right during the concert. That's what concerts are all about.
And that's right. No, just plastered, getting wasted. You bet.
The douse down 34 points. And we got another dead celebrity. Oh, Jesus.
Who now? Tasha Richardson. Oh, yeah, yeah. It's all over the place. Yeah.
I don't know who she is. You've seen her. She's been in a lot of movies. And what?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know the movies that you've seen. But if you saw her face
or something, you'd go, oh, yeah, that chick. Yeah, she's been in so many things. Tony,
winning an actress and Natasha Richardson died after suffering a head injury during a skiing
accident. The age of 45. First, it was sunny. Bono. And then who else was William Kennedy?
Smith, right. The other one. The other Kennedy. Wasn't it?
William, wasn't William Kennedy Smith the guy that was the other one? Yeah, the right.
Yeah. What are the other ones? One of the other Kennedy clan, Jess,
Dynastine, and Jess. I just don't, the whole thing with a skiing. I just don't get it. I'm sorry.
I mean, you know, I know an old funny dirty. I just, I don't understand it. It's fun.
Yeah, going fast is fun. Well, I can go down, get my vent and go get on a highway and go
a hundred, a few miles an hour if I want to. That's illegal. And probably get me killed,
but nevertheless, there you go. It's not fun at less. You could get killed.
Oh, well, she's had must had a lot of fun. That's right. Right up until it was taken out
life support earlier yesterday. Alan Neera, the LA based publicist for her husband, Liam Neeson,
confirmed her death in a written statement. And it goes down with the statement. I don't want to,
I didn't give details of the cause of death for Richardson. It suffered a head injury when she
fell on a beginner's trail during a private ski lesson at the luxury mom trim boss ski resort in
Quebec. Oh, in Quebec, she was hospitalized Tuesday. I might say I'll later flow to a hospital in
New York City. Now, Gornesh, Telfan, Vanessa Redgrave, Richardson's mother. Did you know that?
Yes. I thought it was shocking news. No, arrived in a car with darkened windows was taken through a
gate when she arrived at the Lennox Hill Hospital on Manhattan's Upper East Side around 5 pm
yesterday. But an hour earlier, Richardson's sister, Joly, arrived alone was formed by the media.
She entered through the back of the hospital by the paparazzi by these grave robbers. They're just
brutal. On Broadway, she won a Tony Award for performance in Sally Bowles in the 1998 revival
of Cabaret. She also appeared in New York in a production of Patrick Marbury's Closer.
Is that Closer or Closer? I don't know. God, you're as dumb as I am. As well as 2005 revival
at Tennessee, William Streetcar named desire in which he played Blanche opposite John C. Riley
Stanley Kowalski. And it goes on. She later co-starred with what? She played the title character
in Paul Schrader's Patty Hurst. And later co-starred with Nissen and Nell with Mia Faroe and
Widow's Peak. And with a preteen Lindsay Lohan to make a remake of Parent Trap. I didn't see any
of these movies. She was born in London in 1963. Boy, 45 years old now she's dead. Her screen
debut came with the age of four. Good thing she got an early start because she got an early exit.
45 and she's dead. Skeeing accident. I don't understand that whole thing. I don't know, just
the agony of victory and the thrill of defeat. Is that how it goes? Yeah. Well people bash their
head just walking across the room, you know. Trip there's Dr. Bob, right? A little slip and fall.
Hit it said on the sidewalk and now long since you had to slip and fall yourself. See, you can
dive in and like die. Right. But you could have. I could have, I guess. Broke a bone in my hand,
though. In fact, I still got a scar. Sure, you could have broke your skull. Now I could have
broke my skull right there and I'm stood on. That would be a good place to break it.
Oh, look at this. Florida, Marlon, Sweden, Stadium, Deal from Imean, Dade County. They're trying
really desperately before that vote today. They're really sucking around very heavy duty and if they,
and let me tell you this, this shows you how many stupid, oh, I just, it makes me wild.
Should elected officials approve the stadium? The hero is running this poll.
Yes, we need new stadium for the Marlon's 52% know it's physically responsible 48%.
Let's just close the, let's close all the schools down to how with education, how with the kids,
and let's just build all kinds of stadiums and arenas and all kinds of crap. What do you say?
All right. Let's get our priorities in order.
On the eve of the most important vote in franchise history, the Florida Marlins
agreed to crucial contract changes. The team hopes will help secure its elusive permanent home
in South Florida. Well, pack your salami sandwiches. Okay, get lost.
Miami commissioners will decide today whether to approve a handful of contracts related to a new 37,000
seat retractable roof stadium in Little Havana or in nobody wants to go. Even they little have
unease don't want to go there. If the vote passes at the city level, the stadium is fate moves to
the Dade County Commission where the team's long running pursuit of a new facility could be settled
on Monday. Ooh, getting really tense ain't it? Oh yeah. That was down 26 points. No big deal.
No biggie. And Sirius is down to 38 cent. It was all the way up to 40 cent. Now it's 38 and dropping.
The most significant contract change with Guarantee. I'm going to sneeze this thing.
Eee. I will. Hey.
At least I gave you warning. My most significant contract change with Guarantee
substantially more money to Miami and Dade County should the team change ownership
after new stadium rises. Oh, it's going to rise like like a pie in the oven. Her cake is at a
cake or a pie that rises. Cake cake bread bread rises. Yes. I know some other things that rise to
another change includes a team commitment to pay half a million dollars year to local charities
with 125 grand going of the city and county for baseball related programs in their parks in the
first seven years. Those measures put into the working contract on Tuesday address some
concerns from elected officials, especially the fear that the marlins could sell the team for a
quick profit after getting a stadium built largely with public money. And it goes on and on and
consistently among the bottom tier of major league baseball and payroll and attendance.
The two time world series champion marlins believe the $634 million stadium project will cure
many of its ills. Well, why don't we just give you that I would give a $634 million to Jeffrey
and David Samson and Delilah over to that. I mean at this time when everybody is broke when we
got all these ripoffs and scams and birdie made off and AIG and everybody made off with everybody
else's money and a bank's city group. Everybody's a big crook. And in the meantime, oh, let's build a
stadium for these millionaires. Well, screw them. Screw them, but they won't do it. You know, the fix is
in right. It's always in the fix was in for the match the what you call the Mickey slip you the
Mickey arena there with mayor a wini pecania. They needed that. Doftus. In fact, it was interesting what
they said. Doftus, they be a locking cup. Yeah. That's what mayor a penny said. Teeny,
penny in his bikini. Whatever happened to him. He did. And whatever happened to our former close
personal friend. What that was his name? Who that went off to become his assistant. Juan
Mandietta. Juan Mandietta. Right. I forgot all about him. He was the parrot on the mayor's shoulder.
Licking and kissing and Juan Mandietta. We got a bit on that. Yes, you probably nobody remembers
who that is. Juan Mandietta. That's enough. Just to prove we got a bit. Not too many people we got a bit
about. I'd you hear that Jim Skyler stuff yesterday except some of those sound effects that
got in there will be accused of playing in all like right on their raspberries. Okay. Raspberry.
That's a raspberry. Get it straight. Joyce. Oh, no, I can tell that sounded like somebody passing
flat. She lends to me. I will screw you. Go pass it in the hall yard and in the somewhere.
Go out there at the beastly headquarters and just waddle up and down the hallway farting your
brains out Joyce. I'm sure they'll be impressed big time. Do you think she ever fart? Yeah, I bet she
she does a lot. She's probably got like a thing about it. She's probably got to hang up about it.
She fart so much. Oh, we don't want any fart sounds on the radio. She probably parts into a whoopie
cushion and inflates it and then refarts. I wonder she farts in the shower. She probably heard me
talking about that. Oh, what a spectacular sensational sensation that is before everybody
croaks they must fart in the shower. I mean real aromatic in a hot steamy shower. I'm sure everyone
has. How do you know that? Oh, come on now. What are the? You're sure everybody is farted in the
shower and then how can one not? People take showers and the frequency with which people fart. That's
another reason not to take a bath. Oh, no, you're going to enjoy them in there too. No, not that's
the same. You make bubbles. Yeah. Oh, my God. No, no comparison. I didn't say there was but still.
And then of course, if you fart in the bathtub, then you're sitting in it. Yeah, you can also try to
bite the bubbles as they come up. Mm hmm. Or just sniff the bubbles. Mm hmm. Anyway, let's not
start getting it all at the excretory stuff because then we'll get slapped on the hand. No, we heard
you played a couple of parts and they were a raspberry. That's right. Get it right. Okay, let's do the
break because we got your poll. Is it your poll? No, yours. You're in. None of them are my polls. I
just I got so many of them lined up here from the audience. I don't know what got into them
last couple of weeks. But boy, every day I got all kinds of polls to choose from. I didn't say any
good ones, but what? Well, they don't have to be good. They just have to be. They just got to be
something. Right. I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M.
The flagship stage in the floor please. Oh, no.
I'm now with Leia. It's time to change the station. Turn it off and turn on your iPod.
Some stupid sport host lives who don't care about their jobs. Are you laying off the audience?
Is it great? Is it struck? I want a phase fall. That's the brakes of me, Carol. You're right.
You're a
sportsman. It's a UAMs faggot sport.
Of hockey. He's in the list.
Welcome. They don't care if they did.
Yeah, they program for the sisters with their nose embedded deeply in job straps.
They kiss each other's thighs while oggling sport hold eyes and murdering the audience
for only what they like. It's Marlon's phase fall. They rape they all are numbers. Marlon's phase fall.
You can't get any dumber. The management here don't give a crap what you think.
They're busy dreaming bout an athlete's king. Speaking to me. He's fall.
With all the sports crap.
You'd be a baby. He's fall.
He's max of four whole ass.
Four whole ass. I don't think you better ask if we can say that.
1017 at 560 WQM. Happy 3G3. We got the big O at Boat Campers at 2. We got your
management Boat Campers at 4. A lot of stuff going on at Boat Campers. That's 7
of midnight. We got college hoops, baby. Oh yeah. College hoops. Hoops in Heaton. Hoops in Hoot.
And whatever. We got two idiotic emails. You surprised? Uh, no.
Here's one that says now let me ask you this. How many years have I been screaming about
even going back to the John Henry days when they were begging for new stadium? How many years
have I been screaming about that? What a waste of it. It's unacceptable. Absolutely.
No. Here's one says, oh nice of you to finally start talking about what a waste of stadium is.
I guess you finally decided to do a little local talk for a change. A little too late though.
Yeah. If I would have started talking about a hundred years ago, that would have stopped it.
Not at all. You're fault. I've been screaming about this crap for a long, long time.
Just keep pretending. And here's one from me, mirried a b-o-ch. Do you remember this idiot?
No. Oh yeah. Wait till you hear the content of this. The stadium topic is a great way to start
some listener calls, try and forgive and give your fans a chance. Screw you. This has got to be
one of the chronics. Me. No kidding. Really? Yeah. Great way to start some listener calls.
Well, what's there to talk about? Well, what's there to discuss?
And the Harold Paul 52% of these idiots say, oh yeah, we need to stay here for the marlins.
You know who those people are, don't you? The sports nerd crowd, right? The lifeless. I have no life. Idiots.
Ball games come first. Everything else is secondary. Okay. Screw education. Screw the school.
Screw the kids. Screw anything else. Screw anything that moves.
So anyway, there's a two brilliant emails to get us started today. Oh nice of you to finally start
talking about the stadium thing. Yeah. Nobody has screamed and carried on and belly-aked in the
in the Gornestolphin. Now why are they sending me this again to nobody cared about this yesterday
and the the punk at the Harold, by the way, he screwed up the story the first time. He didn't know
the difference between quarter horse racing and harness racing. He doesn't know his answer
is elbow. So here's the thing. Highly okayed for quarter horse racing.
Meanwhile, state representative Steve Bovo Republican of higher Leah is there anything else
as introduced a bill that if approved by the Florida legislature could allow highly park to
resume thermo racing in the limited form under its quarter horse permit. The bill of
permit quarter horse tracks in Florida to hold thermo races from to 50% of meets races
even on a thermo track within a 50 mile radius is holding a meet and without their authorization.
Gulfstream parking call to race course are both within 15 miles of highlyah.
But a meat but a boop but about quarter horses. Boy, that's real crap. That's garbage.
And believe you me, if any place deserves doesn't need more garbage but deserves it, it's highlyah.
What a toilet. I mean, I lived at highlyah lakes way way back when,
77, 78. That wasn't too bad. There were good restaurants around all that.
And 49th street, all 103rd street, excuse me. Right.
Well, highlyah is one of the only cities in the world. It's got like every street's got two
numbers, two different names. Oh, they got more like that in this town.
They do? Yeah. Like where? 41 right here has got like five different names.
Stay road seven. Right. North West Avenue. The blue star memorial highway.
Blue star memorial highway. What the hell is that?
Something. I don't know. It's got like five different names on there.
Boy, it's about why why not open the phones up and let's get some input. Not your dreaming.
You are dreaming. I was just thinking about that this morning while I was sitting on the throne.
How much how much more wonderful life is in the show is and how we made that big comeback in
January. Now that we finally schmit can't all those stupid calls, the calls suck. The emails are,
you know, some of them are okay and a lot of them suck too, but at least at least it's more
controllable. They're more malleable. That that was up 32 cents. Here's the pull result from
yesterday. 700 votes and then I chopped it off. Kind of like in that movie. What's the movie again?
Runes the runes the ruins.
Like I was on again last night on about 50 different channels on the cable and I just
it got to the part where he was slicing her leg because the plant was like in in her leg,
you know, right? He was pulling it out and she was screaming and yelling.
Looking at that bottle of booze though for you know to always carry booze.
Always carry booze to drink and also to like sanitize any operations you're going to do.
Kill the germs. Does that call really kill germs or is that just yes? Yes it does.
Not necessarily everything not like all bacteria or something but yeah it does a job.
Maybe I'll go bathing some good idea. When you get to be old like me you probably got all kinds
of stuff crawling around. You know, I wouldn't be surprised to learn that nothing surprises me
anymore. 998. That was a cop out vote and it won hands down 298. And by the way,
Quits and me stupid the emails about Randy Molar. Okay. He's an embarrassment. He's an ex-joc.
He's not a broadcaster and nobody has to have the audience. The fans call in your a goal calls.
I mean, that's one of the dumbest ideas. It's a substitute for talent for being a real broadcaster.
Oh, let's take every ex-jocke. Let's make him. In fact, I noticed now the new deal is that every NHL
player coach players who retire coaches who get fired out of their all on TV. They're all on there.
They'll just stick a microphone in front of their face and all of a sudden they're a broadcaster.
Anyway, I wouldn't be surprised to learn that Marlon's left South Florida 65 all not before we build
him that big expensive beautiful stadium. In Little Havana where nobody wants to go to.
George has an STD 44. Jimmy Cifilis was replaced into voice in the dolphins 40. There's another example.
ex-jocke. Horrible. George got his own show on QAM 34. Joyce decided that breathing while on the
year should be prohibited 27. Neil won big on the slots in retire 26. The beastly sold WDQAM 25.
I would not be surprised to learn that Joyce is a virgin 22. Gas reached five bucks a gallon 22.
He had those ragheads man. They're going to start putting the pressure around again. You'll see.
Pressure. Maria hasn't chimed it with us all week long. Has she?
Maria B. Well, back to her.
Neil moved back to plantation in Randframere 21. Neil is hospitalized in diabetic coma 21.
There's finally peace in the Middle East 19. Joyce and Joe Bell are doing the nasty 10.
My son or daughter is gay 8. George moved back to Montana became a monk 5.
I wouldn't be surprised to learn that the US oil supplies cut off 5. My mother did heavy
drugs while pregnant with me 4. My wife or husband is having an affair 4. That's the pull from
yesterday. Yeah, what today would be a great day to open up the phones and discuss that stadium issue.
Yeah, that would have a tremendous impact on it. No question about that.
The die is cast. They've already smeared the right people and in the right places and that's
the way it works. Oh, Brandon's got a pull. The worst thing about television today. Okay, thanks,
Brandon. And I had another one on here and I just lost it. Oh, no.
Where is it? Oh, can Paul and the Q's get a shameless birthday request for something?
Oh, no, that's from yesterday. Get tarman. I lost it. Can you believe that? No.
Oh, this is just crap. That's most of what comes in on here. Crap. And then they then they then they
request to oh, they want to know if you actually read it. They want you to report back. That's right.
To see if you read their crap. Oh, my God. Anyway, moving along. Yoshi Schmendrick says Joe Rose must
be looking at his chops. He says I can't believe that South Florida talk radio is run by children.
These idiots across the street talk of a game. But other than Le Bastard, they got nothing.
And John Lee Jones clearance. They're too busy with the ball games. The Kane's shack.
GD on Pistoff says Yoshi Schmendrick.
790 wanted to know if Kenny Walker was still available. Think about it. Kenny,
Sadano, girl to be named and also Zazlo, great morning show. They don't even have a morning show
on their website. They haven't figured it out yet. So from 6 to 10, I guess they're off the year.
Oh, Neil. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again.
I'm South Florida. 24 years later. 560 Q AM. Neil Rogers, God.
Real American eight holes. Real American eight holes. We salute you. Mr. Peep show booth.
Mopper upper. Mr. Peep show booth. Mopper upper. You were dismissed from your last job as a high school
custodian for leering at students in the girls locker room. Not a brother. But now it seems you found
your true calling as you punched the clock at Main Street adult book and video.
Night after night, you march into those private viewing booths onto the gills with cleaning
solvents, scouring pads and blind ambition. There are awkward moments when you accidentally walk in
other clients. But that's okay because Mr. Smith knows you're there to make his viewing experience
cleaner, safer and most importantly, clear. So we salute you. Mr. Peep show booth. Mopper upper.
Your paper towels. Your umni and your scraper. You are a real American eight hole.
10 32 at 5 60 WQ AM. So here's really a promising email. We got almost nothing by the way.
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com for the emails. We got very little in there. We got enough to go to
about 10 40. And then they're going to spin some wax. All right. Or you just put on the audio
from the TV. There's always a push from new broad. What? Huh? Anyway, William says ever since it
started raining down here, your signal went bye bye. I can hear every AM station, but yours. What
gives? We're vanishing. We're vanishing from the air. We have no signal. We have no promotion. We
have no support. We have no management. We have no nothing. But we're still on the air.
Also, I plan on going to the Isle of Compre tonight. It says they say it's 10 times.
10 times the points Thursday. What is that? How the hell do I know what it is? Do you know what it is?
No. And is it hard to win that night? Like I know something about Alec Capri. You go there.
What they did to the horseman there, what they've done to the whole operation is just a butchery.
It's kind of like what Joe Bells done to this radio station. That's what the Alec Capri has done
in Pompano Park. So and then it says emailed back because I can't hear for craft. Thanks, William.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to email you back. Can you like that? Get to it. Would you?
Email back. Don't bother. I can't hear you for craft. Get lost, William. Hope you lose your ash
there with a stupid email like that. Jesus God. Well, the vote tally has changed a little bit. They're
on a hurled pole on the stadium. You think it's just coincidence or maybe since I mentioned it,
some people have finally decided like get pissed off and fired up. Yeah. Should elected officials
approve the stadium. Yes, 50% no 50% yes, 410 no, 410 the six out of 816 vote.
And those 410 people will say, Oh, yes, we need new stadium for the Marlins. Those people ought to be
shot. They ought to be lined up right on brick alive and to in shot. Put it on Channel 7 hysterical news.
God. Oh, and somebody also gave me a bunch of crap about all that thing yesterday. If you would go
to snopes.com, that thing about the chicken who wants to be a millionaire. Yeah. So, so who cares
whether it was real or not? I thought it was amusing. It's cute. Yeah, it was cute as hell. Oh, no,
you got to go to snopes.com. I think you're losing it. Old man. Yeah, screw you. Oh, no, another death.
Somebody you wouldn't know. In fact, somebody I know only because of an old like I said, an old goat.
An old goat. In fact, a lot of these emailers, that's what they want to do. They want to get my
goat. Right. Oh, the S&P is up here. A tad. The S&P is up near the S&P is up. I wonder what happened
on that guy. Probably blew his brains out. The Dow is down four and a half points. A fool in his
money are soon parted. And by the way, all that business about Jim Kramer, that part of it is true.
However, he's only one. I mean, he, you know, at least he jumps up and down and he acts like
the jackass that they are. Right. As opposed to the rest of them who act like pseudo intellectuals,
well, the markets under pressure, and I'd still have an urge from Maria B. He's probably going into
hiding. Crazy bitch. Why do you lock men is dead? 90 or 82? Why do you lock men for a space and
outfielder? Would you let me finish and then you'll find out who is a baseball guy? Oh,
that's why you wouldn't know who that was. First of all, whitey Ford, whitey lockman. What kind of
other guy is he named whitey? Do you know anybody named whitey? Yeah. I do. Who?
Whitey bridges the former owner of Treasure Island. Good old boy. Good friend of mine. Well,
I ain't the only one. You know, other whiteies? Yeah. I know a few whiteies. Well then.
Whitey lockman, a first-basement outfielder, 15 Major League seasons best known for scoring a
head of Bobby Thompson on the historic shot herd round the world. The Giants win the pennant.
Home run in 1951 reportedly as Diedy was 82. That's all it says.
Says thanks for visiting MLB.com where baseball is always on. Well, in my house,
baseball is always off. I wouldn't watch you if you paid me by the pitch. And this from somebody
used to be a rabid fan, but oh, talk about boring and ponderous and mediocre. See, some of the
other sports like football, you can handle a rampant mediocrity because there's some intrinsic
excitement, but baseball is so intrinsically boring that when you've got all these minor league
players dressed up like Major League guy and all these ridiculous salaries. Well,
a medueling protest outside and with a packed chamber inside, Miami commissioners began
discussion this morning, whether the secure their end of the Florida, Marlon, $634 million
stadium plan. Almost a half hour after the meeting was started in 9 a.m. Marlon's representatives
including team president David Samson were still working the hallways to secure final votes. How do
you like that expression? They were working the hallways. They're greasing and smearing.
If the vote passes in Miami City Hall, the stadium is fed as off to Dade County Hall on Monday
for what could be the final showdown on the franchise's decade-long search for a permanent home.
Yeah, they've had their hat in their hand all the way through. Oh, we got to have a stadium. Yeah,
and then the same people who don't care about it now, why it's right there at the Dade County
Dade Broward line right off the name Turnpike. They're going to schlep to Little Havana to go and
subsidize it, which they're not, which they are not. It'll be a novelty for a very short while,
and then after that like, oh geez, we don't want to go all the way down there and see that crap.
That this is a case of somebody just refusing to take no. The areas already said no to majorly
baseball for a line. Even when they had their big seasons, no, we don't care. We're not going to go.
We will not support the lowest attendance. And, and, you know, oh no, we want the stadium. That's
going to cure all the ills. Build us a stadium early this morning. City officials were passing around
the latest changes to the stadium contract plan. The Marlins had agreed to significantly increase
the share of profits. Miami and Dade County would receive should team owner Jeffrey Luria sell the
ball club within nine years of the start of construction. The new numbers began at 70% of any
profit and descend to 5% in the year nine. The old agreement that it echoes on with numbers. Do you
care about numbers? No, neither do I. Too many numbers.
So there you go. There's the poll on the whole website. It's amazing that the
girls actually got 816 people who read that crap.
Oishmoiju is back in. We got like we got branded in Oishmoiju and then we got me and we got
about five people. Right. Oh, brand new. I'm just going to give you a little heads up if you
should catch South Park. I know George watched it features the debut of a superhero known as the
Koon. I'm sure just like in South Park by the end of the week you'll be able to buy your own
who is Koon T-shirt. I see. The very week episode. Consider it. Consider it.
Consider it. Consider it. The last weeks which you must see if you have a look.
I still didn't see the one with a Jonas Brothers. You want to know why?
Wallphones ringing. I'll be back. Oh, please.
I'll be back.
More automated spam calls. This is Natalie in the yadda yadda yadda. This is a big scam.
About auto insurance and they don't even have a car that you want. It's just a scam. You know
that deal? Have you gotten those calls? Yeah. Natalie, if I could find Natalie,
we could solve all the problems. Oh, no. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again.
On some port is 20 years later. 560 Q AM. Oh, God, Neil. Do you have to take your daughter,
Sissy? The new Jonas Brothers movie. Oh, my God. The Jonas Brothers. You need the Jonas Brothers
movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch,
earplugs so you don't have to hear, and a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't
work. Oh, my God. The Jonas Brothers. The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. You can make it. The film
is only 76 minutes long. I had a Jonas Brothers. You made those earplugs. Oh, my God. The
Jonas Brothers. And the sign I'd. Oh, my God. The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit.
It's too late for me. Save yourselves. So do you think the signal is really like vanished
entirely? We've been working in that direction for quite some time now. Well, success then. All right,
let's hear it. We've been feverishly trying to like make the entire signal vanish from the
radio dial on 560. And I think we've got it today based on William's email. Although that's the
only one. Wouldn't you think if people were like having an extraordinarily difficult time hearing?
Well, we'll see. We'll see what? We'll see what other people say.
Oh, here's the poll. And somebody gives me a song to dance about. Where's the option for this
place sucks? I can't wait to leave. It's not that kind of a poll, okay? Justin missing a critical
choice on your poll. We're not missing anything on the poll. Justin, if you read the question,
the best thing about being in South Florida is. See, somebody sends in a pie. I got a
choice here in a minute. Really? Oh, yeah. Somebody sends in a positive poll. And right away,
here's the first suggestion is some crap. This place sucks. I can't wait to leave. Well, get on
a greyhound bus. Get on a trailways. Okay? And head for a loser city or leisure city. What
tell his leisure city? It's down yonder by. I know it is. I know. Kind of a name is that for a place.
Where do you live? Oh, leisure city. That was up almost two points. Wow. The best thing about living
in South Florida is blank. We got 380 votes. The weather, 120. Can there be any doubt? I don't live in
South Florida. 74. The near Roger show 66. The beach 37 37 say the beach. My family is here.
34. My family is not here. 15. Oh, the Everglades 11. Now what's what's the big deal with the Everglades?
What's great about that? It's nice. It's nice. What? It's nice nature. They got crocks and
Oh my god. Well, you don't like nature. So whatever. I don't like nature. That's not my
idea of nature. That's like all evil stuff. Beautiful area. It's like that movie. What's
the name of the movie? Ruins. Oh, okay. The diverse culture. Nine. The food. Six. The sports teams.
Five. The job opportunities. Three. And the shopping. None. The shopping. None. Zero. How do you
like that? Fred and Vocus is the state wants to tax porn to help balance the budget. We should
have a protest. It would be a gas. Can you imagine some of the signs? Yeah. Be a real gas, Fred.
Good life. Oh my god. Wow. Brandencers. I believe it if you're single. When I'll completely. The
weather is no really bad. But the power has been flickering here all morning. It's Florida flicker
in the loot. How do you like that? Wow. The douse down four and a half points.
Yeah, somebody and his friends went out and got plastered after the consular last. Now, I guess
that's what you do after you go to a concert. You go out and get plowed. Sure. Generally speaking.
Well, not if it's on a weekday and you're a working person. Oh, what if it's on a weekday and you're
not a working person? Well, if you're a sleeping person, then you party on someone else is done. I see.
Oh, good. I sure hope so.
Dade City. Here's a really, really thank you, Branden, for this bizarre story.
It all started about 7 p.m. Tuesday, 30, said when the mother looked outside and saw her 19-year-old
son masturbating in the backyard. The mother yelled, the son Antoine L. Grandbury, 19, walked
around the front of the house on 13th Street in Dade City, rang the doorbell, according to Dade City
Police report. The mother answered began cursing and yelling at Grandbury who then punched his mother
in the face. Grandbury, who's listed as unemployed, was arrested on a domestic battery charge,
being held in the land-o-lakes jail in Louis $500 bail. Punch mom in the and the pus. How about that?
And why was he doing this deed in the backyard? I'm a little maybe the bastard who was full.
Maybe he doesn't have a bedroom. How about that? Or maybe he just enjoys the outdoors. Maybe he's
one of those nature people who we're just talking about. He was trying to get close to nature.
Sure. That's why they do that outside sometimes. Is it? You bet. So the City Commission is
I'm going to keep checking that Harold website because I'm sure nobody's going to come running
and there were any news on it. They don't even know we're on the year. In fact, I'm not so sure we
are to be honest with him. Now, nothing new. I'm going to keep checking that Harold website because I
know damn well that if something happens, the Harold will be right there with their four employees,
right? Right. No emails. Nothing new. NeilAtNeilRodgers.com. I think this is the day. This is the
turning point in our lives. Do you know what I mean by that? No. I don't either. Okay.
Well, today is Thursday that we got our 50% off a Neil deal at noon. We actually have one this
week and we got one for next week too. How do you like that? I read. Put that in your pipe and
smoke a Josh Friedman. You fat type of garbage. See, I'm getting suckered into this crap just like
the other people on the station. I'm starting to pay attention to them across the street, which up
until recently I ignored them. I don't care. But what do we care about them? I don't. They don't
even make a dent in our audience in midday. They never have it. They never will. They talk a big
game. But then again, so did Sid the kid. Now he's gone. All these guys who talk a big game. Oh,
yeah, I'm the greatest thing that ever happened to radio and I'm this and my mom. It old Rodgers and
old funny, Dutty and we're young and breathing and living and out of work out of work. Loser.
Loser and abuser written all of his forehead. So, Oish, Moises, I remember when Mayor Martinez
elected to 87 terms. Remember where Raoul Martinez wanted a punchhank and a push at highly
it at the racetrack? See, wanted a level highly racetrack and built condos for his corrupt friends.
If Alcott is determined to attack again as Dick Cheney says, maybe he can ask them to attack
Hylia, please. Now that's bad. There are probably some nice people in Hylia. Wouldn't surprise me if we
have some listeners in Hylia. Well, no, it would surprise me. But what do you think we have any
listeners in Hylia? A couple. What a two. I'm trying to remember if we ever get any emails from
anybody, any chronics or whatever is in Hylia. I don't think so. Now it's just coming up very soon
on 11 o'clock and I'm looking to see if there's any emails I haven't been going through here yet.
What do you think the answer is? No. I mean, I've got a bunch of stuff here, but it's, you know,
bedtime stories. And these people have run either the signal is unlistenable and we have nobody
listening now or they just have nothing to say. Both. I was down 16 points. More but endey pressing.
Maybe they're still hungover from St. Paddy's Day, although it's drunk at Irishman.
Son of Shinin here, man, it's beautyous. It's absolutely beautiful.
I know your audience is mostly old folks is this chronic complainer, but how about the night life
or the women for the pool? Also, the landscape is the nicest in the world. What landscape? I don't know.
The place somebody who's never been north of a brown County, obviously, the landscape. I don't know
the life or the women. Okay, Adam, on their night life and the women. Always with a with a
hussy with a stoch as you would say. Gold guns and whiskey start buying now before the
dollars worthless as a bob. Okay. Gold guns and whiskey. Here's one from the fake fake
Fatso Rush Limbaugh. What I like most about living in South Florida is the low taxes. Can I
save even more if I move up there? Maybe we could be rumies. That would be a riot. Love Fatso.
Yeah. Keep them coming. Keep all these dumb idiotic things coming. Wow.
Show us cancel that they did lack of interest.
Where's the love? Where is it? I'm going to have to play that. All they care about right now is,
you know, AIG and college hoops. That's right. You got your record. You got your,
you know, nobody passed the brackets out whoever is supposed to be doing that here at the radio
station. I think today or tomorrow or something this week is the last chance for that. And so whoever
is in charge of that, I think it's supposed to be cope. Hasn't put anything in anyone's box that I know of.
Yeah. Well, why not? I don't know. How are you going to win some money? Did you win some money on this
once upon a time? Yeah. Two years ago. I got it. I think based on what? Based on common sense. They put
the rankings in everything right there. Go Gators. Well, I'm not this year. It's really said,
now I know why they're not going to buy you that car. Right. Because they never meant to. No,
you rip and tear and all the sports nerd stuff. Well, but if you've got a chance to make a
couple of easy bucks, yeah, what's your point? My point is more power to you. Oh, here you go. Watch
the Miami Commission meeting on the Marlins live here and it's got a link. I'm not going to why. I
got to do a radio show. You think I'm going to sit here and watch a watch a damn commission meeting?
Jerry says, could you add the women are hot, the men are hot to the pool. No, we already put women.
Jesus God. You want me to put the men on there for the female voters? No. Your gay friends? No.
And Horace is in I hate our mayor. That's it. Well, I wasn't highly and I hate he and he hates the
mayor. Okay. All right. They they have got nothing today. Boy, this is going to be today. I'm
going to want today. At least most days since we started the email thing, most days there's a
dribbling of drab and stuff that keeps going along to get us all the way to two o'clock dribbling
that's right. A dribbling of drab. Let's go play scrabble. My God. But today, wow, today's the day
like the music stopped. Oh, that's because that city commission meeting is going on. Yeah,
they're really all whipped up to a frenzy about that. I'm sure. Let's take a look at the herald at
that pool. Okay. And see how it's going. Not that that's got anything to do with anything where
it's going to have any influence. It could be 100% negative and it's still what have no influence
because once these deals get cooked up behind the scenes and they promised this and they promised
that. Here we go. Let me click on this thing. Should elect the should the blah, blah, blah, blah,
here we go. Where is it? Don't tell me they took the pull off of there. Oh, yeah. View results.
Okay. View results. And it says should elected officials approve the stadium. Yes, we need new
stadium for the marlins 458 50% know it's fiscally irresponsible. 455 50% three votes apart.
How do you like that? Who the hell's happened? Oh, my God. 1056 and 560 WQ and the last
edition of the New York Roger show I'm positive with that. I don't think I'm coming back tomorrow for
more of this. Yeah. If it's going to be like this, we got three hours yet to go and we got nothing
from our vast audience out there. They have nothing to say about anything. It's like her. What?
You better come up. Yeah. I'm going to listen. During this break, you're going to get a text message.
Oh, all of a sudden I just came down with the relapse. My throat is scratchy and my ass is,
and you know something I never did do that. Joyce. And now the moment is passed.
It was just there was just enough pressure building within my balls. You know what I mean? Yeah.
And now I have the moment passed and that's it. Maybe during the break, I'll go in there and give it a shot.
I give it a try. There you go. You'll give it a little talent. Yeah. College squeal.
Rara. Just boom bot. Let's hope. This is the Neal Roger show.
You you you you you you you you you you you you. This is your brain.
Any questions? No.
How may I be helping you today? Hey, would you please be having a blooser, big
We are having a sale on cameras.
R-H-G-G-G-G.
We have had a lot of many flavors.
R-H-G-G-G-G-H-G-H-A-D-A.
Okay, I tell you everything.
I just can't make it out for the inside I'm thinking.
Yes, it's true.
We're the women in magazines.
It is only because they smell so bad ass.
You can name a group reactions of a group
but we don't want to drink out of it.
We feel like our food.
R-H-G-G-G-G-G.
R-H-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G
a compact grid looking at th-impractive caps but getting тестed on a
table, a simple fed up Utah mitten getting US United States
care about at the moment you don't care how sick you're going to make yourself afterwards
it's what people do all the time.
Really?
People have a different drug of choice or sometimes several drugs of choice and they do
it with all of them.
I'll be danged.
So there you go.
I wonder how long your liver holds out when I, you know, he's doing that over and over again.
Not long.
Oh good.
Okay, here's an email from Zisco who I thought was our friend but obviously is not.
He, you know, he, he vacillates.
Really?
He turns out.
Sounds like you're going to have to take some calls today.
I'm your friend.
Not funny.
Let, let me say this to you, okay?
The chances of my taking calls today of my succumbing to the lack of response by the
audience to taking calls, there's no chance.
In fact, that should be a good warning to all you potential e-mailers, regular, chronic
and occasional that we need some input today because otherwise, you know, there's that
temptation to just, you know, go to the phone.
If you know how long it's been since I've even turned that phone monitor on, I don't
know.
Long time, long time, weeks.
Am I missing it?
No.
By the way, Carolina won last night.
I think the Panthers are going to like a boy.
It's a typical late season swoon they're going and do now.
Just when they gave it that playoff tease, now it looks like, oh, I don't think so.
I'm not to, you know, they got 12 games to go, I guess.
And the Leafs are in the town tonight to make the fake beliefs, but wouldn't it be something
if Toronto kicked the cramp out of the Panthers tonight, just like that miraculous come
from behind, shoot out victory in Tampa, the other than that improbable win in Tampa?
Yeah, Carolina 4 and, um, whatever.
New Jersey, New Jersey 2.
Saw a little bit of your friend, Rimmer on your last night.
He's no Randy Molor.
I'll tell you that.
But that who is?
Here's the way the pool shapes up right now as we speak.
And you haven't added the nightlife.
I thought I did.
I don't see it.
Well, do you see it?
No.
If you see it, point me in the right direction.
There you, over there.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, there's some nightlife.
There's some day life, some gay life.
Where's a lot of that here, I'll tell you.
Wow.
And the women, see, I used to think people made that up.
But it's true that Canadian women, I mean, there's a lot of beautiful women here.
Don't get me wrong.
But the middle-aged and older women, they're an awful lot of really daiki women.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because they're probably daics.
Coincidence?
No.
But they're really are.
They're a lot of very butch-daiki women in Canada.
It's kind of a British thing, I guess.
They can't cut that damn umbilical cord.
The best thing about living in South Florida is the weather 137.
Can there be any doubt about it?
I don't live in South Florida 80.
The neo-rodger shows 73.
On those days, when the signal, when the wind is blown in the right direction, we can hear the signal.
The best thing about living in South Florida is my family is here, 38th, the beach 38th.
My family isn't here, 16th.
The Everglades 11, I still don't understand that.
That's not nature, that's wilderness, that's like, you know, you want to get lost in the Everglades?
No, not really.
You want to go out there with the Crocs?
I think it's a croc, yeah.
The diverse culture, nine, the food six, the diverse culture, see, that's another fantasy.
I don't want to let turn negative on this very positive pull.
The diverse culture is nonsense.
You've got Hispanics, Anglos and Dark folks, and that's it.
Hey, don't leave the Jews out, anti-Sumite.
Anglos, yeah.
We, we had lumped in crackers, white folks.
The food six, the sports teams five, all like the Marlins, we've got to get that stadium for the Marlins.
And what are we going to do about D-4?
What's happened to D-4, Neil?
Oh, I got to think about D-4 in a second.
A joke.
The job opportunities for the women's tree, the landscape one, the landscape, what does that mean?
The landscape, all those melalucatries that are all like, yeah, I don't know what that means.
Huh?
I don't know what that means.
All those chopped up melalucatries that are like, taking up a lot of space and empty lots that are all the,
the bark is peeled off and just, and the shopping none.
I guess our crowd don't shop at the sore grass.
What was that other mall that they were raving about the other day where all the,
people in Perverts go, what was it?
Dolphin mall?
Dolphin mall, that's the one, remember that?
Yeah.
The Dolphin mall.
Well, what's the big cynist with the Dolphin mall?
Maybe somebody can explain it.
And by the way, I was right about no listeners in Hylia.
You think I've had one email, for instance, I made that comment.
That was like half an hour ago.
No.
And we had one email from anybody in Hylia?
No, we don't have anybody there.
Oh, but a whole bunch of emails now.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, city group plans to spend $10 million on new offices.
We know that you don't have to send me the newspaper, okay?
Joe says next time, please use your tongue to put in the light bulb socket to test if the power is completely off.
Thank you, Joe.
Oh, this is from Joe Bell.
And I believe it.
Don't you believe it?
Yeah.
I believe it.
What a douchebox.
Oh, Cuban George has got a real good reason.
You see this, this is reverse psychology.
He said the reason nobody's involved with the show days,
because it's a crappy day.
It's raining, etc.
Well, guess what?
That would seem to me would be just the opposite.
This is a beautiful sunny day.
And nice people would be, you know, living and breathing people would be out.
And doing stuff.
Pete says, I voted yes for the new ballpark, because I don't live there.
The internet is a great thank God for Al Gore for inventing it and inventing global warming.
Bye, bye, bye.
He invented both.
My God.
Now there's all kinds of stuff coming in.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because I threatened to take calls.
There's this guy said some stupid thing about taking calls.
Here's one says, all on.
You'll just want to say I'm one of your two highly listeners.
I also wanted two people in high league and speak English.
Perfect.
I love the show.
Eric, the highly a surveyor.
PS, my job keeps cutting hours.
Maybe I should start dealing drugs or killing for cash.
Yo, George need, need hash just holla.
He's got the cash if you need the hash or however that goes.
Oh my God.
What is this all about?
About the first race of Gulf Stream today.
That's tomorrow's our pick up pony thing.
And you know something.
I don't have anything on that either from what's the name Steve Sloan?
I'm sure you'll get no entries.
You're sure.
You know what?
You're sure.
Yeah, I'm sure you're not sure.
I'll call me.
I found the best nuts in the history of nuts.
Blue diamonds, soy and wasabi almonds.
I know you prefer sweet stuff, but give these a try if you see them really good.
Schmidt.
How do you like that?
Oh, by the way, guess where I'm going at two o'clock.
What?
Mine?
Yeah.
And you want to know why you want to?
I want to.
I feel like it.
I'm in the mood for it.
And somebody I know is going to be sleeping off his hangover all day to day.
Wow.
That's really something.
What time was that message I got?
10.40 in the morning, way before rising time.
Wasted.
Because this is what you do after you go to the Britney Spears concert with your friends
you go out and you just drink and drink and booze it up until you just stagger back home
until you can barely remember where the hell you live.
Unfortunately, he remembered.
Let's see.
Here's one that says last I checked and correct me if I'm wrong.
We live in a democracy.
Why then is this stating not put up to a vote by the people to decide because they know
they'd get their ass kicked?
Who's making money on this deal?
Who's getting a smear?
That's the question.
Rosemary.
Neil, why would you think we lived in a one?
Yo, you would think we live in a third world country.
What do you do, honey?
You do.
One more thing my husband works as a retail manager and if he doesn't meet the goals
of the year, guess what?
He gets no bonus.
Maybe he should work for AIG.
I don't know why everybody's so surprised that there's all this corruption.
Everybody's a big crook.
Why they're surprised at that because they're stupid and if they offered you a bonus like
a million bucks or 1.7 million something like that, what would you say?
Oh, no, I don't want to take that.
The company lost money.
Oh, no, I don't deserve it.
Yeah, no, I don't want it.
I mean, I'm not justifying this rape of the public in this grotesque insanity, but nevertheless,
if somebody offers most people a chance to be dishonest and to take a bunch of crap,
they'll take the crap.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
What a guy hears a new dance.
Some people call the barn dance.
I call it a dirty square dance.
Up with the beddy go down with the pants in with the bigger everybody dance.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was gonna say.
Well, I guess I hit the button.
Did you?
No.
Oh, let me hit it again.
It was to be sure.
Hit it again, Sam.
Oh.
Well, I forgot that that was in there.
I thought it was amusing.
I thought it was very, it is amusing.
Right.
We can't talk about chickens anymore.
No.
We just can't play that.
Well, that was bad.
But here's something you, I'm glad that I had end day.
You want to know why?
Why?
I've got the entries from Steve Sloan.
Seven horse field, 10,000 claimer, six for a long, tomorrow, Gulf Stream race two.
And the five horse, when you hear the name of this horse, you are gonna plots.
Okay.
Joyce, Joyce.
Say.
What?
Oh, no, rejoice, Royce.
Oh, okay.
Rejoice, Royce.
Is that incredible or what?
Is that an omen?
Yeah.
Maybe.
And this horse has got a legitimate shot in here.
I believe turning back from a mile to six for longs.
And these are four year olds.
And up, this is the only six year old.
These are horses which have never won two races.
And this one had a pretty good second at Gulf Stream back on February 13th.
Who's D. Coa?
That must be a kind of A. Bar Coa.
Why do these jockeys?
I don't know who the hell they are.
That kid Rick, Kendri, whatever his name was, Castillo last week, he gave that seven horse
a really good ride.
He gave it a hell of a shot.
Just came up short to the five.
What a shame.
Rejoice, Royce.
Joyce.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
What do you think?
Well, I mean, I got a, I got a, I can't put based on the name.
Am I gonna wager somebody's a mythical $50 based on the name of the horse?
Maybe.
Yeah.
You would.
Yeah.
That's not a good name.
I don't know any better.
What else to choose?
Well, I don't know what to do.
You don't know about the speed ratings.
I don't know about the, that's why you're doing this and not me.
Well, what do I know?
What's all the vinyl?
More than me.
More than me.
I mean, to those quarter horses, that's what I would have been on a record.
There you go.
Back up better, buck, and a quarter.
That was down 46 point.
Well, thanks to Zisco.
Zisco sent me a follow-up email.
He's right.
He said that because he, we're worried about how it's in here somewhere.
I got a pile of crap all of a sudden.
And he wanted to why?
He said, my reverse psychology worked.
Fear of calls got you your emails.
I guess I'm the best friend you have.
You're welcome.
Thank you, Zisco.
Thank you, Zman.
Well, I, man, you know, what's that guy's name Charles, whatever's name is?
The news guy?
Charles Dimeson.
No, whatever his name is.
Charles Dimeson.
That's not guy.
Such an ass sucking fool, man.
He's got a good voice.
I mean, he's a good news guy.
But other than that, just nauseating, revolting.
Well, I, man, I mean, you know, what's the point of that?
Here's one from Chef Sparky, who's across the street, by the way.
And he'll have been listening a little to the labaster show to see what the fuss is all about.
From what I can gather, he basically is doing a Paul and Ron type act in the afternoon.
He blends in some sports, but even in the interviews with athletes,
the talk is generally anything but sports.
He's definitely his entertaining as I found myself laughing out loud more than once.
Yeah, this is from across the street.
Yeah.
However, my original critique of that show was that the bastards and the two gods sound like
why need little bit school kids?
And this is what I can't tolerate for too long.
This kind of like George free mad dog that I'm expand his repertoire.
It says, yeah, free the mad dog.
Let's have everybody like the Sri Lankans, the Tamil tiger opponents.
I don't know.
I can't figure out the Tamil tigers are a bunch of lunatic terrorists who invented the whole suicide bombing concept.
And like the article said yesterday, they've killed more people with suicide bombs than Al-Qaeda
and Hamas and all the other terrorist organizations combined the Tamil tigers.
So that's why we head on Monday here.
40,000 Sri Lankans demonstrating in the streets, closing down streets blocking off traffic,
being a general pain in the ass.
What the hell are we going to do about it?
Everybody wants somebody to take care of their grievances, their problems.
What are we going to do about it?
Are you going to do something about it about the Tamil tigers?
Yeah, I'm going to smoke a bowl.
Yeah, well, you do that about anything.
That generally seems to solve the problem.
So like going out and getting plastered after the Britney Spears concert.
Same thing.
I mean, that's probably why I'm still alive.
That's I was just never a big drinker.
You know, I was just never a big get blitzed and right.
Stagger around and try to find my way home.
I think of that guy that lived right next door to me.
That I told you used to the drug dealer.
Up there on sunrise.
Yeah, he used to live right next door to me.
He would come staggering.
He would aim the key to his front door at the lock.
He would aim it.
And then he would take about a half a dozen like aim before he could finally stick it in there.
And the key to well, let's see.
Should like that officials approved the stadium is still 50, 50.
495 say, oh, yeah, we need a new statement for the Marlins.
No, it's physically irresponsible.
Oh, 496.
But it's still 50, 50 out of the first 991 votes on the Harold website.
Should elected officials approve the stadium?
No, F and way, man.
Commission prepares to vote on Marlins.
I keep checking this thing because I'm sure that even though we're supposed to be the big hot shot sports station.
That nobody from our, you know, sports department, which is the whole rest of the building.
Is going to come running and giving us any dope.
They never do.
Remember when Nick Sabin left town and high-tailed it off to Alabama.
And I was the one that found out because I went online on the Harold website of the Sun Central.
I was the one that found out.
And the rest of the building, oh, where did Neil get that?
Where did Neil get that?
Oh, geez.
Or one wants that left.
Whatever the hell it was.
Just go online and get some information.
That's all.
Or depend on the QAM news department.
I still can't, I can't get over that when we were at the Pax, NIO D.
And I turned on the station.
And it was the top of the hour.
I was thinking maybe they were going to do some real news.
And they did have what they called news, but it was a sports update.
Yeah, would you expect it?
And I thought to myself, these people are sick.
It was like today of 9-11, which I think was 9-11.
Wasn't it 2001, 9-11 and Geltie's on it?
Oh, what are we going to talk about buildings falling down?
Well, what's that bit?
Chicken and Quilt tell you, whatever that bit is where Geltie says,
what are we going to talk about?
Building, we're here to talk about sports.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yes, I do. He'll tell us.
And that was his real take on a Geltie, being the simple to that he is.
What are we going to say?
I mean, he's going to be going down.
What?
Not just his take on it.
No, but he's the one that was dumb enough to say it on the ear.
Right.
Boka peets is one of your most loyal listeners who grew up in highly.
Does that count?
No, thanks to anyway, Pete, but no, highly a peet.
He's in Boka now.
Well, he's hitting all the high spots.
You know, people would always ask me, have you gone to such and such a restaurant in Boka?
I don't think I've ever really, I mean, I've driven through Boka, of course.
But I don't think I've ever been in Boka like per se, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like hung out.
Yeah.
Well, certainly never went to any restaurant there.
Would you go, would you drive to Boka to go to a restaurant?
I have.
And what restaurant was that?
In the town center, I forget which one it was.
What the name of it was, it was a while ago.
And I'll be there.
Went to a concert there.
Also a while ago.
My, is near park.
Yep.
Really?
Yeah, I'm not going to do it again because soon as he's written, he spears.
No.
Did you go about and get plastered afterward and just, you know, crawl on your, during?
What?
During the concert.
I got plastered.
No.
How do you do that?
Well, you bring a cooler full of beer and then you drink it.
And they'd like to do that?
Yeah.
But then they make everyone leave right after the concert.
So it's like, dude, I just got so they can puke outside.
So they can clean up for the all the antiseptic, antiseptic blue noses the next day.
So in other words, you're saying that those of us who are not into getting drunk and puke in our guts on our antiseptic blue noses,
that's the ass club you are.
They're butt plugs.
That's me.
I'm a butt plug.
I'm a party pooper.
Remember Mr. Poopers?
Yep.
And there's always Anderson.
Kaka.
Poop.
Oh, yeah.
With Obama's present, now you can liberal up what you can say and play on the radio.
Says some idiot.
Yeah, right then.
You're more on.
With Joyce at the helm of this company, that is never going to happen.
Yeah, I already got your fake time jicke.
I already got your email the first time.
No need to repeat, okay?
Little Tommy, fake little Tommy.
No need to repeat.
That's one thing about these emails.
If I don't read it right away the first time.
Oh, if I send it two or three more times, I'm sure I'll read it right away.
Oh, Neil!
Nothing to Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
I'm just going to put it to you.
Later.
560 Q-A-A-Bank for calling.
How old?
I'm Tommy from Tai Tami.
Saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Tai Tami or some fish.
We ain't all like black people.
Stay on tip well.
Besides, why black people want to eat Thai food anyway?
We're not have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh wait, I forget.
We have spare ribs.
Look, Shane, I talk.
What are spare ribs on menu?
It's a battle.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Tai Tami.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people.
We ain't not like them either.
Should they keep food?
But they talk too loud with funny lists.
They stop all the customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, ladden people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect your table.
We give to someone else already.
Ladden people are always late.
No black, no gay, no ladden in Tai Tami.
And Jewish people, you start bickering all of Bill.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with an angle.
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up Bill.
We ain't all while you hear.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You'll not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no ladden or snow gays.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Tai Tami on the beach.
Hurry before we have to close.
And no smelly old Chinese money, either.
That was down 73 points.
Oh, that's not good.
What happened to the Obama bounce?
Where is Maria B.
Well, we need her, huh?
And you know who's really also conspicuous by the rapsons today?
Who?
I wonder if this is just because she said the kid got canned.
Fake Barry Jackass, the fake Greg Budell, the fake this one and that one.
The only faker we've got is the fake Tom Jicke.
Who I know is a different person.
Okay.
CJ says, just wanted to write and tell you those Chris Matthew bits are hilarious.
I'm going to keep the rest of this email simple.
You rock, George rocks, Clarence, girl, parent, health, the number one show on the station.
All the other yuppies that bash you in George can suck a fart out of a pig's ass.
Can we say that?
I just did.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
Here's another thing I can say.
Yeah, guilty pants.
Oh, guilty pants.
Okay.
It says, been a fan 14 years since high school.
Thanks for all the last Uncle Leo.
Gelly pants.
Jess.
Wow.
Gelly.
Gelly and Mish.
Oh, two different words, Gelly pants.
I ain't got anybody to tell me.
I'm not a whop-whop-whop-whop.
I say put them all on steroids.
Yeah.
It makes them big and sweaty.
Mmm.
I know I speak on behalf of all sport halls by saying the sweatier, the better.
Oh, wow.
It sure is death and carnage in the Middle East.
And I'm a Jew, but who cares?
It's not a sports related matter.
Right clearance here.
And to stand being a 15-a-vice re-enign 11, I'm proud to say that I was right here.
I'm the air.
Keepin' all of you subtated under her weekends.
Besides what that was happenin' with bearing bonds as a shame.
Even wasting what happened to ward bonds.
We'll get ridin' the US bonds.
Nier ain't no James Bond.
Well, in his face can you some bad dough.
How's Cam no good and called this show?
Huh?
I'm married, you know.
Despite my love-hate relationship with Mo.
For Mo.
At least he ain't got no hungry mouths to feed.
Put thing his family ain't got nothin' to do with him.
With you?
Well, I don't blame his wife for leaving.
I believe him too.
And you know him, I'm outta thing.
Oh, right.
Knock it off, buster.
Sonny.
Never mind, nut.
I don't like nobody making fun of my family, see?
Oh, yeah.
How do you keep all those people out of the zoo?
What are you?
And I'm outta thing.
Oh no.
Huh?
You know what?
It's happening again.
What?
Every time I get excited.
It's like the Hulk, you know.
What is it?
It's Mr. Pillow Pans.
Ow.
Do I hate you, Mr. Pillow Pans?
Whoop!
You know what?
You know what it is?
Stop it.
You know what?
You better get outta here.
I know.
That was tough now.
It's time for me to walk away slowly.
And very steadily.
Very sad.
The doors.
You know what's how nobody seems to pick him up in the local market.
That's because he's doing a big high-payed show on Sirius XM, whatever it is.
That's right.
Before they shut down.
Here's one from Steve from Parkland now in Las Vegas.
Dear Uncle Neil, I live in Las Vegas to listen to you with George's often as I can.
The show is still great, but listen and still listen to Big Head in the morning.
I'm the one.
And Mad Dog, but the other shows are unlistenable.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
This jolly Joe must be a real ass clown.
He doesn't say clown, but I did because I...
I love the Friday Gulf Stream picks.
I run right down to the sportsbook to plunge.
It's March Sadness around this place with all the big casino companies going broke.
I'm glad I took your advice and got the allotted gods waiting room.
I miss hearing Fat Hank.
In closing, great job getting rid of Moe.
It was your best work since getting rid of Joey.
I think you're going to be the one of them.
What is that supposed to mean?
I got rid of Moe.
Hey, Mad Dog, I'll take the credit for it.
Okay, I got rid of Moe and Joey.
The hell does that mean?
But anyway, thanks to Steve.
Plunge your guts out.
Yeah, they're really hurting in Vegas.
So they say, and that what they say?
Yeah.
For certain.
They're hurting for certain.
Well, you know, when I can go right up the road to a woodbine,
why the hell should I get on a plane and slap all the way out there four or five hours to Vegas?
Huh?
Yeah.
Here's one from another Jorge.
Well, we sure got a lot of Jorge's out there.
Just.
It seems to be an incredibly common name among your people.
It is.
Is it?
Yes.
Neil, I have an idea.
You need to diversify your show by any more sidekicks.
You represent the whiteies Jews in a homo.
Jorge represents the Spics.
How about having the Chinese lady who doesn't speak English from the suracross the street to represent the Asian people
and adding storm cat for the dark skin folks?
Yeah, today's storm cats on this show be a cold day in purgatory.
Let me tell you.
Maybe you can even give footy a chance to enhance your show just an idea.
Right.
PSTL, Jorge, he has less than an hour left to fill the brackets because the NCAA turnies first came in around noon.
Too late.
Too late while you did it?
No, midnight last night was the deadline.
Oh.
Was it really?
Yep.
How do you know that?
Because I read you pretty sports intensive today.
Yes, I am.
Yes, hoops.
That's right.
College hoops, baby.
Ask me if I care about college hoops.
Ask me.
No.
Oh, you're so negative right?
You're so, yeah, I just don't give a crap.
Not interested.
Not going to pretend to be interested.
And I'm not going to make enough money betting on some stupid basketball games.
467 votes on the pool.
The best thing about living in South Florida is the weather, 151.
The shopping, by the way, and the nightlife both have zero.
How do you like that?
Saw all these people saying, oh, you got to put the nightlife on there.
Yeah.
Well, we did.
It has no votes.
Neither is the shopping none.
Even at Westland Mall, even at J.C. pennies, where they do the lyricaly-crague totals.
The
totap in the tearroom.
The weather, 152.
I don't live in South Florida, 85.
The Neal Rogers Show, 85.
My family is here, 42.
The beach, 42.
My family isn't here, 16.
The Everglades, 12.
The diverse culture, 10.
Oh, yeah.
The women's seven.
The sports team, 6.
The food, 6.
The job opportunities for the landscape, 1.
The nightlife in the shopping, 0.
The big, oh, or the big eight.
The big eight golden.
Let's play some oldies, English, will you say?
Eight.
Now, when you take those calls, do you ever get a call occasionally from a blind mic?
Not for a long time.
Oh, good.
Or the real one, either.
Will you start that again?
No, we have a fake blind mic in case you didn't know.
Yeah, I do not have for years.
Real in the sand.
Yeah.
Sand?
Yeah.
Mine, mine, mine.
The band has seven, seven.
Well, I don't want that.
How come I can't find that the big is it under CKLW?
Maybe I doubt it.
The big eight golden.
It's under CKLW.
Those are the days, man.
Those are the days when having a radio was a precious thing, man.
Something you treasure, your little transistor sister.
I had a little white Philco transistor radio.
That thing was great.
Man, man, nothing was powerful at night.
Of course, in Michigan State, you're like up there in the middle of the country.
At night, WABC would just come zooming and pouring in.
And CKLW from Detroit from Windsor.
And WLS from Chicago.
KMOX from St. Louis and KDKA from Pittsburgh.
A WBZ from Boston Radio 103.
And WHAM from Rochester, one of the worst radio stations in history of this business.
Terminal, Ponderous Boring.
50,000 watts of pure unadelterated swill.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
WWBA, we're in West Virginia.
WI-60 Q-A-F.
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
They were watching the game.
They needed notified points in public history.
May the best woman win.
Now, here's how to win.
And it's easy.
I believe I'm going to win.
In a short time, you'll make your win.
You'll need a real win.
You and the obvious crowd.
No, the final four is going down.
And you're hoping you're that soft on the ground.
The cash isn't clean enough for.
Well, I guess as you win, Moola, you did good for yourself.
Well, some you'll start just things now.
I'm picking random, good boy.
Got my experts as my down.
You expect me to go and choose the dark set.
I'm just guessing that my piece is smarter.
How much worse are I try?
You ain't done anything yet.
And we're dead.
You're too busy feeling, bracket's out.
When March Madness comes around.
No more pulling around.
I've got to get back to work.
I'm strong with you.
Get busy.
Oh, yeah, get those brackets filled out.
I'm sorry.
It's too late.
What a shame.
You might have won.
Is the Cousinion dollars there?
George, you might have won enough to buy you that new car
that they're going to trade out for you.
What does that matter?
We have a giant plotter of stone crabs here.
Oh, excellent.
With the mustard and all that.
I love this article.
You just facts to me and overrated underrated from travel magazine.
Miami restaurants overrated.
Joe Stone crab restaurant underrated.
Billy Stone crab restaurant.
That's what we got.
Billy's today to noon.
And you got a whole bunch of good food there.
Boy, I tell you this George knows how to live.
Whatever, whatever that means.
Yeah.
You know, it's how to live.
You just can't afford to do it.
Right.
I used to be able to afford to do it.
Wait to hear this.
This is going to set you off.
Maybe you don't want to take a bite of food.
Did you hear this first?
Did you hear the latest I'm a story?
No.
So the Boston.
Well, here's the headline.
Don I miss threatens to shoot fellow Boston talker, J Severin.
Oh, Boston, Harold.
OK, OK.
The Boston held reports the off the exchange of words and the I miss
a lids threat came during a meeting when both were on a stage
together during I miss his St. Patrick's Day broadcast.
The hero says I miss ripped into sever because last year the WTKK FM
host cities no longer appearing on the I man show the reason
he was tired of the insults.
I miss told seven to get off the bleeping stage where I'm going
to shoot you do bleeping understand what I'm saying to you.
You get off the stage right now.
I'm going to shoot you.
The exchange was confirmed to the Boston held by Severin's agent
and then I miss spokesman WTKK parent company greater
media released a statement calling the I miss remarks to shoot
Severin unfortunate and we trust that he will rectify or is
that rectum five a situation?
I do like that.
Get off the stage.
I'm going to teach your ass.
Get off the FN state.
Grumpy old curmudgeon.
Why did anybody feel sorry for him?
Even though he did get screwed.
And of course that was that was his good buddy said the kid
that got him a can that first on that nap he headed host
thing said was on the phone.
Whenever there's tourists said the kid is there loser.
A real loser.
Now here's a little more information that jumbo stone crabs
are eating they were in the water yesterday cook last night
delivered to Billy Stone crab restaurant this morning.
It doesn't get any fresher than that.
Normally stone crabs go from the fishing boat to the fish house
then to the wholesaler then to the restaurant but at Billy Stone
crabs they go directly from the boat to your table or to their
own seafood market on the premises.
You can't get any fresher get a slap in the face.
So a crash right.
So we got Billy's coming up at noon in about 11 minutes.
Less than that.
We got $50 $100 certificates for 50 bucks a piece.
Here's one from Carlos.
Well I tell you that does this go sure help me out today.
It was the threat of the phone calls these people went nuts.
Oh we don't want to hear those call I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Hi Ron.
I don't want to hear that although George had the intellectual
call was yesterday or whatever day you were on Tuesday to the
did you get all the intellectuals everyone they called twice the
intellectual roller skating crowd yeah.
485 votes on the pool the shopping still has none.
Now South Florida is not famous for shopping like you know
like Milan or Rome Beverly Hills.
Am I right?
I guess.
Well what do you know or schlepper like you what do you know
about it's not shopping nothing Carlos is emailing you from the
day college highly campus love the show Neil keep the faith
fight the power may the force be with you.
Let's hope the Panthers can beat the hurricanes tonight
Uncle Neil.
Well guess what the Panthers aren't playing hurricanes tonight.
They're playing to make beliefs tonight.
Is that sad or what what Carlos while he's in higher
league you know.
Let's hope the Panthers can beat the hurricanes tonight.
Now let's hope the mate believes even though they got no
chance of the playoffs to leave sir basically you know
done but nevertheless just roll time sick kick the crap out of
the Panthers tonight.
Oh.
I'm Gary I think.
Bob Gini has played us.
The Pender's game.
The whole series.
So we have for you saw me now with the puck getting it over
to burrows up for John Anderson Anderson coming out of the.
He's got a shot.
He was got it again.
Landy McDonald with that big handlebar mustache what kind of
people grow and why do people the why do guys do that.
I mean I've often wondered why guys grow mustache in the
first place you know silly people like Rimmer and Greg
Udall silly people like that I can understand that.
But do you understand why people why guys grow mustache and
especially like a rip Taylor mustache you know no I don't.
Unless you want to be in a side show a freak show somewhere right
right remember Rip Taylor he was on he's dad I'm sure I don't
know he was on the dog show right.
Here's highly a Julio says I hope you're happy to know that
Julio from highly is listening I even called in sick to work
today to listen to the whole show while most of it.
You believe that that he called in sick to the show no we
don't believe you Julio we're glad you're listening but we
don't believe that.
I hope you and George can come to that magnificent reopening
of highly a park so we can all watch a couple of races and
feed the flamingos.
I actually went to the world baseball classic game is day
with my grandpa in the rain was horrible if we can't buy a
build a stadium at least by Rupert Dolphin Stadium so the
hundreds of Marlins fans don't get wet and catch a cold.
Bless you need a card the hundreds of Marlins fans it's cute.
I'm actually there's at least dozens of them.
Jersey Jackie sucks okay.
But turn man yeah at least we love the Marlins let's take a
whole bunch of your see the thing that is you people live in
Dave County this is the kind of craft that you get suckered
into.
Those of us who have homes in Broward forget it.
Here's one from Fidel I listen to every day I was vacationing
in highly recently with all the Julios thought I was dead.
Oh while all the Julio stuff I saw George squeezing cute
cumbersome said honors market this was very disturbing
because he was smiling he did similar things in Cuba with
bananas send him back to me and I will spank him with a
coconut tree love you Fidel not cute not no not at all.
Well here's one from Jason chronic Jason.
Can I print it out sure.
You're eating you're not paying any attention you're not
paying any attention right now I don't blame you I don't
blame you I wouldn't either I'd be sitting there filling my
face.
C.T. this is about his hundredth email today what the hell
Neil have you heard this crap on 93.9 M.I.A.
No it was much more diverse when it was jazz and like music
haven't heard this much repetition since 93.1 was party
with the rodent Safry.
Oh Safry duo Will Smith and Jailow every other song what a
joke I say Neil got on 18 hours ago yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Go kiss somebody else's ass okay.
Oh Neil got 2470 on unbelievable.
Oh Chester Copperpot aka Jason says I've been in and out of my
car did you read the article today's Marmy Hurled about FPL
these crooks plan on raising everyone of their customers
monthly bill by 12 bucks this will generate a billion
dollars an additional revenue for these blood sucking
bastards can you say candlelight I'm fired up fired up
and pissed off he says.
Also I heard you say your little wet back friend Paka was
out late parting after the Brittany show I know you say
that you're some verbal wearing a me go usually sleeps till 2 p.m.
What when do you think that unemployed speak my wake up
today have a great day I don't know and I don't care I'll be
it with mine not my problem.
It was a real treat to get a message from him at 20
before 11 this morning telling me that he was just
absolutely wasted going to sleep all day and that's fine
what do I care he's up in his joint I'm down here and at
two o'clock I'll have my shoes my my shoes my shirt my
pantaloons.
And I'll be out the door beautiful sunny day by the way.
I'm sure cast are always taking notes on the Toronto
weather beauty is you want to know the temperature.
No it's not that warm.
Well why not everybody else wants to know what you care
about is that damn Marlon Stadium that's right plus 3.
It's 38 but it's going to be plus 6.40 two or three or
something like that 43.
Sunny not a cloud in the sky one of those beautiful early
spring days you know and the same the owner of by the
ways over no snow.
Oh good old 80 litters as he's asked the executives to
return their bonuses.
Some of them are returning half some of the returning
all of it some of them are just going to get shot good.
Bastards let's see for tomorrow seven on Saturday eight
on Sunday sunny sunshine lots of sunshine see it's one
days like this that you don't miss.
South Florida.
Oh here's the fake Julia Robina the fake mayor of
Hylia this is good as the first one I ever had for
him.
See and you don't like the fake emails boy you are such a
party pooper on you know what we got to do the break and
we got to tell you about the Nile deal right.
This is pretty quick whenever I shape my balls I listen to the
Neil Rogers 12 to one hour.
I'm Chris Mattress my hot pile on MSNBC I feel as
giddy as a college school girl is wearing a skirt and
those scrappy thighs and the winches blew off from my
coachy.
Even though the economy is daysmo on our red things to be
crumbling I feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old
girl to see twilight.
Certificate sold out unofficial.
You believe it.
Yes I knew they would we'll see welcome to three CEOs of
the automobile industry the hot bar got our Malawi of
Ford rather than a deli of Chrysler and Richard wagon of
a GM wagon the program gentlemen let's start with you
Richard didn't know if you realize that you're actually
named after a station wagon that's nice names wagon.
Yeah it's like a station wagon that's funny.
No no no I think it's funny maybe not if it's sent me
right away let's go to you.
I was don't you think it's funny to Richard wagon his last
name is actually a from a station wagon.
I know how many anyway what he's doing an elephant with
three balls.
You're welcome and pinching it to right anyway let's go to
you Robert not deli of Chrysler.
Robert take a mask and put the Richard wagon and name
reference I'm not going to say a curve ball and high
ball.
Why isn't it you guys flew and private jet into get your big
bailout money don't you think that says the American people
screw you.
I think it's on the stage screw you American people.
Well I don't get me wrong I'm a big believer in sped
sped sped sped but that's kind of crazy right.
Well I'm sorry.
I know we say it a private plane that where people
would not be here to stupid things they say well traveling
I'm as transit or as you've got back to you over there
Richard wagon your name reminds me of where I had sex
for the first time getting station wagon.
Hey are you wearing any wood paneling on your side.
Anyway let's talk about the big bill like you guys think
you deserve.
Well thank you.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm trying to get an answer out of you.
How do you feel about the bailout?
Yeah I do really think.
Go ahead Chris.
I want to try and say that's Robert not that way the same question
not daily wait a minute just hit me.
You can't let me sounds like I'm back at Rowley.
I think I had some fucking sauce and not daily life.
Right.
I'm funny.
Can I admit it?
No.
Not exactly.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana.
Banana.
Who's there?
A who's there?
Orange.
Orange.
I know comedy.
I've got back out of the Al Malawi afford.
Wait a minute.
You know what you're name reminds me of big valley with Miss Barbara
Stanwake arrives.
Malawi's big valley.
Of course you can also be the chick from Will Grace for the high
squeaky voice.
Don't you think it's a funny guy?
Listen.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm telling you it's funny Miss Barbara Stanwake.
They can't swear we first saw a million dollar man.
Right Lee Major's funny.
Listen we're not.
Sunless than you.
Maybe no back talk to host.
Turn it tomorrow on my special destiny.
I'm pleased to wrap by the prosecutor.
That's funny.
Chris Matthews played hot ball.
I miss the piece.
I'm about three at five sixty W.M.
So the significance are all sold out allegedly.
But they're processing now.
Because you know how that goes sometimes with some.
But I have no doubt.
You have no doubt?
That they're sold out.
Really?
Really?
Well we'll see when it's official.
When a big official sign goes up on the toad board then we'll know.
In the case some of the people in the building are listening.
There's a mountain of fresh giant biggest stone crab claws you've ever seen in your life.
You better be real selective who you give amount to.
Like.
Like people you know nice.
But yeah Todd Todd Dreck is not invited.
Good.
Todd Dreck stay away.
And Gary Sarner if you're back in the building for a minute or two stay away too.
It's all trayf.
I bet you he resurfaces doing something.
Maybe cleaning toilets.
Gary Sarner.
Yeah right.
I'm telling you.
He never leaves permanent.
He goes away for a little while and then all of a sudden it comes in like a bad penny.
He keeps showing up.
So anyway here's this email from the fake honorable Julio Robina office of the mayor of Hylia.
Hello Mr. Rogers.
As you may already know I have the honor and privilege to serve as Hylia's mayor.
I was surprised to receive more correspondence yesterday than I've ever received.
I have it on good authority that you had my name in your mouth yesterday and that you disapprove of my characterization of the harness racing coming to Hylia Park.
Well guess what fake email or it's not harness racing it's quarter horses.
What is chariot racing a man on wheeled contraption with the whip and spike wheels?
Isn't that what harness racing is?
Oh yeah relax Tico calm.
What does that mean calm.
Mate calm down.
Calm.
Yes calm down.
Calm.
Mate calm.
Mate calm.
To put the accent on the first syllable you speak a very guttable Spanish better than you.
Well yeah better better than me because I don't know.
The accent on the first syllable man calm.
Calm.
Mate calm.
I hope you give credit for at least keeping your chariot racing alive.
In fact I hope that this move will help me lock up the degeneral camera vote which I summarise is very powerful and has deep pockets.
That should come in very handy next time I need campaign contributions.
See what Westland mall I'll be making an appearance this Saturday.
I didn't know that Hylia was a toe tamper.
Wow.
I'm choked up over this email.
All right.
And I know what Hylia is doing at Westland on the weekend.
You're looking for glory hole.
And I'm sure you'll find some.
So all certificates are processing.
How long does that process generally take?
That's sure like five minutes or so.
Really?
Not more than ten I don't think.
Well you're just making that up.
Yes yes I have.
Well if we only had if we only had fat Chris here.
You know.
Oh it sold out.
It's official.
All right see.
You know how I know because you go to current offers and it's not there anymore.
Sold out.
Sorry.
That may have been a record.
Can you believe it?
That was like a minute or less I would say.
Let me look it up.
Billy.
Right.
Or just as sold out.
It doesn't have a time though.
A minute or less.
Why doesn't it have the time on there yet?
Well I guess they still like.
They're still extrapolating that.
Would you relax?
Well you are so damn pushy.
Yeah.
You're still eating?
Yes I am.
Everybody else.
Wow.
We ought to do this in Neil deal every day.
Yeah.
Then that way Joe Bell couldn't be talking about.
He wanted to be able to shout out high Neil to you.
Who's that?
On three.
Everybody shout out high Neil.
One two three.
Wow.
Holy cow.
Just get a little food in there and all of a sudden they discover we're on a year.
That's amazing.
Got a whole bunch of women and Joe Bell.
Oh Joe Bell is in there and you're feeding him.
Be sure to doctor that food a little bit before he puts his fat claws on it.
Is he really in there?
No I made that up.
I don't hear him.
Hello Neil.
Boy sure is quiet.
I'm eating.
Oh okay go back to the food.
We put something special in the mustard sauce for you.
Mouse.
Third.
How come you must have the monitor up a real real loud or something?
Feeding back.
Let's get back to the sanctity of the show and not worry about all these hazards okay?
Okay.
Well these hazards go in.
Cayman says recently a coworker came out of the closet.
Some people have been giving him a hard time but thanks to you I've broken the homo barrier.
He is still my friend.
He just keeps his hot dog in a different bun.
Well are are.
Yeah.
Yuck yuck yuck.
Thanks to a disco though boy he sure got these people off the ranch and then when you threatened to take those great calls.
I'm your friend.
All of a sudden the show came back to life.
So ask jolly joe when Gary Surner is coming back.
Mike W says oh now this is interesting speaking of these certificates.
Yeah.
Because we do have a bunch of them left from dockers and also from Tonys.
And Michael says I purchased a $50 certificate for 25 bucks a couple weeks ago to Tonys pizza in North Miami at $441.
It was great a tiny hole in the wall but an awesome stromboli in pizza.
Yeah it's a little place but the food is spectacular.
I just mentioned that because there are still a bunch of left for Tonys and that's because a lot of people don't know where it is or never heard much about it.
Right.
They were bringing you fruit and me free food for years.
Right.
Before somebody stuck his fat face in that and said oh no more free food on here.
Unless I get some of it.
We can arrange that.
Huh?
We can arrange that.
Yeah maybe can make a deal with him on that.
Cut him in.
That's right.
Cut him in for a slice.
Kick a little bit upstairs.
A little slice.
Of course make sure he gets it before somebody else comes back and visits the building.
And isn't it amazing how nobody seems to be wanting to put him on the air?
Local.
No local, the local one.
Even the Steve Lapa.
Will work for a new hair piece.
That's what I'm hearing.
No takers.
Cuban George says the reason I know what is involved today because it's a crappy day down here.
The weather sucks.
The economy sucks.
Our elected officials in my begin rate attacks a few tourists who do visit to build a giant landfill with a retractable roof in little Havana.
I really got to stop emailing you yesterday was that bitch Lucy Lopez today this stadium.
Let me go get my water gun and put in my mouth so I can slowly drown myself.
Take the rest of the off let George do his three hours on the Darwin theory and then it says.
Like that Cuban George you know Cuban George.
No.
You don't.
Ricardo says I voted for sports teams.
I've got blind led in today's first race at Gulfstream.
Tudor on written by Tru Helio.
The fake Jim DeFida says PSI saw George on Friday.
I went to pick up a contest winning Nintendo Wii game with my nephew and he called the slabs and crazy which is true.
Also what happened to D.F.O.
What happened to D.F.O.?
You know anybody who is asking what happened to D.F.O. needs mental health needs to be immediately be corrected.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
What's going on with D.F.O.
He's been gone all week.
Oh, Steve D.F.O alone.
Yeah.
Leave D.F.O alone.
We've Britney alone.
She was here on and she's back again tonight.
Maybe I'll go to the concert tonight.
There you go.
And I'm going to tell you we're faster than you know.
I left with my lesbian East terrorist cab driver for wood by yesterday at 3.40.
The concert was at 8 o'clock and we went by the air Canada Center on the way to the highway.
And I'm going to tell you you have just ziggins of punks all lined up inside.
Inside the door inside the area where you're waiting at the doors.
Now when you go to a concert you've got a ticket already right?
I mean this thing was sold out.
Or you could go and buy one from a scalper.
No, no, but these weren't people waiting to buy a scalping yet.
They were already in online waiting for the doors to open which they didn't open until 7 o'clock.
What is the point in that?
I don't get what you mean.
What's the point of going to a venue where the event is going to take place three or four hours later?
They're going to open the doors.
What do you accomplish when you've already got a ticket for a particular seat?
You get loaded before the show starts.
Was that what they were doing?
Sure.
And also socializing, milling about, you know, seeing...
Milling about, that was it.
That was it.
Being seen.
That kind of thing.
Oh, Ben Schmiegel is back again.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, this is good.
Remember him?
No.
Some way back in the early days of the emailing.
Now we're getting...
Now we're making some progress.
One of these guys who claims he's going away, yadi yadi yadi.
You know something?
The people who say that they're going away.
They're the ones who would never go away.
If we were on here for another hundred years and they could manage to croak it out, they
would still be here.
Am I right?
When in doubt?
Croak it out?
You bet.
Ha ha.
Oh, here's another one for the poll.
Poll suggests, the best part of Florida is the cheap weed in excellent nightlife.
Well...
Nightlife's got one vote.
Landscapes got one vote.
Shopping's still got none.
You want to go shopping, go to Boston, go to the great department stores in Rome,
in Milano, in New York.
You sure don't want to go shopping.
I mean, where do you want to go shopping?
Here?
Benchmigo says, enough of the eating bits on the ear.
Hello and goodbye.
Why do you and your pig sidekick consist on eating on the ear?
Because we want to.
As if this is so funny to hear two grown men smacking their lips and chewing like pigs.
What I don't get is why you do it.
You know they're all saying it takes more...
It takes more muscle to frown than to smile.
What does that mean?
Well, it takes less energy to eat right than to eat like animals.
Goodbye, we'll not be listening for the rest of the day.
Too bad.
Benchmigo.
Sour old coute.
A phony sour old coute, of course.
That's your buddy, John Z. T.R.
Where in T.
Yeah.
That's it, it's your turn.
Oh, it's my turn.
Greg H.H.U.
This portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears, the JJ.
It's hanging out, y'all.
It's a 12-18.
I love that.
That was cute.
Do you like it?
I loved it.
Oh.
No, you didn't.
So is Joe out of there already?
Yes.
Good.
I hope you doctor did you pee on his food before you gave it to him?
I licked all the stone crabs that I had to tell him before I gave him.
I don't think that would stop him.
You don't get a big fan ass like him by turning on food.
What?
About being picky?
Yeah, that's Karam.
From a lickie from a spiky.
Should elected officials approve the stadium?
Here's the Miami-Herald poll on their website.
1148 votes.
And boy, it's almost 50, 50.
It's almost exactly even.
Yes, we need a new stadium for the marons.
579.
No, it's physically irresponsible.
569.
10 votes.
How many times do you think that David Samson and Laurie and his crew have voted on that thing?
I don't know.
A bunch of bullcrap.
Well, one of these minutes on a herald something will happen.
Or maybe somebody will email us.
In fact, don't we have somebody covering that commission meeting?
I don't know.
Somebody from the station.
I'm sure we don't.
We can't afford to be doing that.
Even though we're supposed to be the sports leader and the sports maven and the sport, yeah.
So what did Joe say about Sid the kid?
When was he certain two to four?
He didn't say anything about anything.
Said something about the food.
Said it was great.
Yeah, let me add it.
Is that for me?
Oh, my God.
Yeah, in this business about eating on ear.
How many hundred years?
About 30, man.
We've been eating on ear on the show.
Long before even you even on Zeta, we used to eat on the show back on I and Z.
We had on the show back on W snooze we ate on the show.
So what what's the big sentence with it?
Oh, it sounds so it doesn't sound like anything.
Big deal.
All these prissy sissies.
Oh, God, we can't stand it.
We like it.
In fact, I got me a weenie in the refrigerator.
Maybe I'll maybe I'll during this next break.
I'll heat one up so I can enjoy you and picking out on the ear.
Well, what's the big deal with that?
I don't know.
Just though it's a fake email.
Just something to know it's something to bitch about.
That's all something to bitch about.
Billy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
God.
Keep those emails coming.
We got an hour and 40 minutes to go.
I think during the break I'm going to put my shoes on my shirt.
I got my shirt.
My pants.
Not my shoes too early for my shoes.
About 150 and I crank the shoes on.
Start turning stuff off in here.
Boy, you ought to see on wood buying days at two o'clock I am so ready to fly out of here
at two you wouldn't believe it.
I believe it.
When the big hand hits the little hand I'm gone.
And once I'm gone.
Yeah, it's gone.
You're gone.
Can't believe how fast we sold those certificates.
I can't.
I can.
I mean, it's a great place.
Great food.
Very, very popular.
But there's a lot of fact.
There are other things.
I can't.
The matter is it's a tough times man.
And which is good people are saving half off the cost of a meal.
That's all the more reason why those meal deals make sense now.
And they always made sense before but not right.
And did Jolly Joe say, hey, great job with the certificates, guys.
No.
Did he say that?
No.
He did it last week.
No.
He's not second around this week like it was last week.
I wonder what he wanted last week.
Well, Neil, we've decided to give you another 20% pay cut off the, you know, something like that.
Now that I'm searching for a new agent, anybody out there want to be my agent?
Got to work cheap and got to communicate with me at least like two, three times a year would be good.
Unlike Norma Kent, who's busy with fantasy baseball and fantasy,
Faggery and whatever the hell he's doing.
Probably riding around town looking for runaway strays.
The Kenny Rogers says, you rule, George two, subject Jonas Brothers.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me when you get a chance?
Can you please play that Negro buffet call you play the other day where the priest calls into advice?
This guy don't even know that's Phil Henry.
You know which one I'm talking about?
Yeah, all you can eat Negro and it's five minutes long and I played like about once every six months, once a year.
That's it.
I want a buddy of mine from the UK to hear it so we can get hooked on your show and you can get the new listeners
since you seem to be such an all right guy and such.
All right, go ahead, go ahead.
No.
I'm somebody of his in the UK to hear it.
I'm playing bits on command for the fake Kenny Rogers.
Or maybe the real one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nothing about that guy.
And if it only needed anybody else, he got candy across the street.
So we wanted him badly just like that twerp.
So when's jerks coming back?
I don't know.
Any minute now.
Why did Mr. Freeze send me this twice?
The cheap weed in the air somewhere?
Did you put the cheap weed?
No, did you want me to?
No, it's up to you.
You're the a pole myster.
What do you mean do I want you to do?
You do whatever you want.
Okay.
You can be as lazy as you want to be.
We're mailing it anyway.
Yeah, that's right.
We're mailing it in and we're proud of it.
Remember that crap from a John ZTR?
Those were some excellent emails, some of those early ones.
They were funny.
He put it effort in.
I'll give them that.
He's not doing any more though.
Your listeners can calm down says Harry, Carrie, the real one.
DFO is on WFTL this morning.
We can all listen to Joy Reynolds since he's dead up here.
And then hang over and listen to DFO.
He'll be dead soon.
Go Cubs says the dead Harry.
So me fo is back on.
Well, thank God we don't have to get any more of those hysterical.
Let me.
Oh, what happened to DFO?
Leave him alone.
So I don't know whether he's going to take that deal with cheap channel
and do mornings of 940.
They sure got a signal.
Of course, the area did that Fox Sports Radio once before.
And boy, you talk about laying a gigantic egg.
Wow, even Henny Penny never leading egg that big.
Remember Henny Penny?
Yep.
She used to shop at the Westland at JC Penny.
The best thing about living in South Florida is how many votes
we got?
537.
Not too bad.
The next act's down nine point.
How is the Dow doing?
We're not supposed to watch it.
Down.
Oh, 90 points down.
I'm a negative side.
Ooh.
I'm sorry, ask.
Get required on it.
I'm a case.
He's a case.
Best thing about living in South Florida is the weather 176th
and E. O'Rodger show 99.
I don't live in South Florida 89.
16.5% of the audience don't live in South Florida.
That means they're listening online elsewhere.
The beach 50.
My family is here 47.
My family isn't here 19.
The Everglades 14.
The women 12.
The diverse culture 10.
The sports team 7.
The food 7.
The job opportunities 5.
And they have the nightlife only 1.
The landscape Salamente uno and the shopping 0.
None.
There isn't one person who says the best thing about South Florida is the shopping.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Now, here's an email from Justin.
He says pool addition.
I don't think so.
Although it's a different kind of pool at P.O.L.E.
He says the only thing keeps me in South Florida fishing is the best.
He's got a fishing pool.
There you go.
Yeah.
Is that on there?
is it on their what that on there you're gonna put fishing on the pole
big reason for a lot of people oh my god oh yes get salty salt
flashmen let's dig his ass up again tight lines and good fishing or whatever
he used to say who is the guy we're nearer you stand by now all the time the
fishing guy he's got the fish report I don't know barnacle build the sailing
did we have a la Berra doing the traffic Alabama jack or a la Berra I don't
do you remember Alabama remember the name oh my god
you're a thing to Neil Rogers well here we go again that we
doesn't
leader 560 Q a m
Neil Rogers
God
this is I with this new president Obama is overhauling the long-standing
ban on federal funding for most embryonic stem cell research smoking out of
a homemade bong listen to what he said the stem cell research
uh... you know uh... there are wonderful
uh... this is a little unusual and uh...
pretend he got says he was cited for urinating in public
for when we're meeting
what else is there and guess who I came back on the email
bench me go
oh please take comfort and as he says
thank you for reading my email listening to listeners opinions unfortunately
i stopped listening
i have an oc about that
i cannot stand to see her here people eat the wrong way
when lips making comes down here that's when i shut off the radio
her dimash him that people like me don't have the balls to turn off the
radio well please take comfort that i'm turning off the radio now take care
eating equals radio off okay good
because i want to be a friend
that meeting we need
uh...
i knew
i know
i knew
so thank god that you're not listening to a phone event
what's only twelve thirty two that's not possible
why not
i don't know
seems like we've been here for a hundred years
let's play a hundred years gone by twice and we'll be on here there you know
you're mailing it in we know we want to hear deep o
you
he's going to a hell of a number of i and c you know
a number that starts with a whole with that
we need a whole lot more sports stations is what we need
and i'm not we're not getting any updates
since eightful six what's it eight and eight three nineteen right so twelve and
six eight eight three
lessons three weeks two and a half weeks
they're going to pull the plug on that them
whatever they're carrying liberal talk
mishmash
a little of this a little that
how's the god is doing back on
oh jeez i just dropped my we need but not on the floor thank god
well
so brine says
even i'm discussing i'm grossed up by the way i'm eating this hot dog
this is not bad
doesn't know
what you're going to
i'm more picking out yeah
so speaking of an area says mike you used to have captain bouncer on a show for
the fishing report
is that correct bouncer Smith
really yes
you've got to be smitten me
will remember that yeah well ever since what he gave her call and reminded me
i remember
all he did yeah
how you know what he
nice to know you still alive
one of the good guys
we say that's a judge can get some free concert tickets occasionally that's
right i wonder for the grabers uh... hooked up with the joe and spru
maybe
you want to go
go what
toward jones brothers of course not a crazy
yeah but i want to go back to the age
i want to go back to the shower with joe
take a shower and let me get you a job as a roadie
give him some of that pink grapefruit splash soft soap body wash
shmir it around
that's a good question what do you think the jones brothers use body wash
soap
i don't think they did use the soap
terrified some of the they probably all drop it
jane and your field whom i love dearly is a regular contributor going
way back to the fact is before you talk to me into this email crap
no i said the email stuff i love you don't like it that's a funny part was
your idea the first place right and i finally after the new years of a
resisting i said you know that's a great idea
my idea was that you should have an email address that uh... the public
and send you emails on
was not my idea that you read emails from the guy with the eyes all day long
well sure that we
jays says when george carl was asked about his ponytail he answered was to
piss people off with the eating on the air business this seems to be
right to this well i think with your recent low ratings you might want to
reconsider this all yeah
i've only been you know what like it the ratings have a lot to do with the
word you know the year
all his one from the dead mic reary
what's the matter with your memory neither was bouncer smith you're getting old
y'all hold with y'all god to y'all get what y'all want my
p.s. pa'll harvies up here now he doesn't like you
how's Roger magulin doing by the way
have a long time he should check in with the fake Roger
faggle and magulin auto check in
when you're a producer
who also wanted to be my producers would get your fired right have both jobs
so that you could get a raise
yes
over my dead body
can you imagine i like to imagine that
when i need a good larf
real ass clown oh yeah i hand from
but nevertheless he's probably still alive
maybe he'll wind up in a plane crash something what didn't he have like a plane
or something he uh... glider yes
oh here this is this is just
you know something there are moments when i don't know whether i can go on
you want to hear this email from Teresa please
nil i would like to buy one certificate for the restaurant deal thank you i
couldn't find the link on the site my
building addresses the following and thank you so much that she include a
credit card number
no all
said a credit card number next time trees
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
oh my god
i'll be happy to help her
they're all gone to recent weekend we don't sell them over the emails okay
honey
you need some serious assistance baby
whoo
that is special
i'm just i'm just uh... i don't know what the word is
astonished
flabbergasted by some of the stuff that comes on there
into
indeed
so says
sorry to complain to you but i'm a black listener and took offense to a racist
comment you said last week
and come by surprise because you really make fun of blacks as you know rc colas
big among the black communities
why did not know that
this is not an opinion it's a fact that any black neighborhood and ask around
so a shock when george asked you if you drank rc colin you said well i have an
rc colin a koonz age
how do you respond to this does ain't cool new
i haven't had rc colin a long time how's that make you feel better sound with
your fake uh... outrage
did you know rc colas big among blacks i never heard of such a thing
or see the rc thing that's about we heard it's easy high-r
yeah you're such a big it's not a bitch
probably don't like to figure this either
i did not know that
no i never heard of such a thing
we drink it all up and i made a racial comment about that's probably from
oj mcduffin right i thought it was a
but i'm not a thing
yeah rc coli thought was something like a bc powder right rc colab bc
powder that's right
that's correct
so take a powder sale
god
and if south park is doing that thing of what was it called mr. koon
the koon
the koon the koon that's even worse yeah also
don't bother
christ
christ knew i was just how big is that we need to be needed for a whole segment
well that's because you only take one bite at a time you don't have time you
got to like
you know interrupt your eating with a little bit of talk
you know this is interesting because
russell the cocoa beach or whatever he called chronic
he sent me this email long time ago it's in my pile here somewhere would go
you to it soon because i'm almost out of material
and he sends it again
now this is a guy who is
supposedly
like you know coherent
the signal is five by hearing cocoa today about 175 miles
what has changed is that in the past few days the Cuban interference
normally not an issue in central florida has been clearly audible
so i think your signal is probably unchanged
but there is it's gotten stronger fidel probably made we we on the tower
if it went out and peed on the tower
they're cranking it up
i think what we get some tremendous publicity if the beesleaves would like
haran assassin for rauul and uh... fidel
they we send our people down there in shut off all those damn cubus at least a
one on five sixty anyway shut that baby off shut her down maybe they could
contact alpha sixty six
yeah
or alba
sixty six
Jessica alba
give her a half alba sixty six it's that chocolate that's pretty good isn't
although i think i'd like to go to the store right now give me a big bottle of
oval teen in a big
you know
no
no
later
machine
okay twelve forty four sixteen one five sixty wq and we got the uh... what's
the big o
big o at bookampers of two what's his name
mad dog at bookampers four to seven and we got college hoops and cda
for most of the one seven of the night
now here's a really friendly nice
email from one of your people one of your friends
it says hey from Montana
nil shut up and like george talk once in a while would you
you think you'd go have a brain and pick up the one thing that adds actual interest
of the show
thanks your montana fan listener
heather
here's george yeah
now that's not the george talking okay every time there's a like i go into the
phone and i think it might be a bit man with twenty million dollars
course of edmund man at twenty minute sure would be what am i going to do for
the ten fifteen seconds you leave the mic
tell a joke
well how much time do i we got an hour and a quarter to go which i can't believe i
cannot can you believe it yeah
you can why not
because it seems like we've been on for about a hundred hours today
all it's just flying by
and we still could use a hell of a lot more emails i'll tell you that from the
fake this one and the fake that one and the real this one and the real that one
and i'm looking on there now nothing new in the last couple minutes here
nothing new
oh my god
attachments and links what part of that don't they understand i don't i don't do
them i just delete them right away
i don't have time to patch gear on and especially well if somebody sends me a
attachment with some sound the thing on it some audio crap
oh this would kill some good time about you right Kathy
i don't know i don't think it was Kathy was chattie Kathy no it was some guy okay
because i got something from Kathy what was it a song
and what is it about a m radio you want to play it no it's not good it's okay but
it's a old pop song older a few years old
it's called a m radio yeah who's it by
ever clear i think everqueer yes you are see there you go that the bed
but what's your name for Montana Heather yeah she's pitting you against me
frank says hearing the cklw jingle earlier drags back my youth cklw drags back as you
k-l-w yesterday oh so schmaltzi in it he says love that station was so powerful it was like a
local Cleveland station where i grew up yeah eight hundred down the down man with a signal
that was just killer and right next to it at eight ten was a zillion watt station from bon air
you know where bon air is just north of anathwaeila no it's like a little island just
north and the same thing like with fidelity you know they run a half a million watts
mm-hmm and so depending on where you were in the country in the east or midwest
on depending on the weather and what are the conditions cklw would either come in really crystal
clear or that damn bon air station would sometimes interfere with it really piss you off bon air
was it was an all-religion paid religion crack oh anyway frank says there's a radio junkie i
spend hours in the basement slowly dialing in the giant rc a radio to hear what far off stations
would come in when i should have been paging through a playboy or doing something constructive
it was cool when kmwxwcfl kdkwbzwbcn others came in depending on the weather
a san Antonio texas station was the farthest i remember picking up
you didn't mention wwe33we or earlier as wkyc no i did not because i'm not a Cleveland guy
i hate Cleveland of course i haven't been here in a long time i was there once that was enough for me
rounds in the giants 1960 did you ever hear p frank the news to say hurting 38 states in half a
canada no i can still pick up some nights here and sing peat in here jote date call Cavaliers basketball
well that's good i'm happy for you frank i've turned as many of my friends out of the new
roger show as i thought would care love your man please say how to a fellow listener jannison
tampa hi jannis you're pal the fake p frank than a goiim in saint p is not sad
when goiim try to use the other shwards goiim is plural you can't be a goiim unless you're like
siamese twin right it's goi that's right even george knows goi a singular goiim is plural i read a book
got a tape anticochust like frank you're a goi and or like you would use it like there's two damn
many goiim in saint p like that like that just like that i mean george is learned the fine art of
yiddish right use it every day see one thing about yiddish most of it is funny shlamazel
shmigegi shmigegi shlamazel like said the kid Rosenberg shlamazel
the internet could prove fatal to skinny americans now here's something
oh and it goes on from all from my friend cliff and kendall might be pretty good he's he's usually
got good crap you know what i mean when you look and see who's sending you the stuff
you have a pretty good idea whether it's good crap or just bad generally oh teresis is oh
my new i'm sorry i didn't know you couldn't take orders by email please tell me the link thank you
there they're all sold out honey they're all sold out right and i wanted to ask you something
else she says does your station have opportunities for someone like my grandson who wants to visit
and see how ready works behind the scenes absolutely not i know my grandson would love it so much
and so would i well why don't you answer her email and then set it up because she didn't send
anyone well send it to george send that same question to george and he'll set it up for it
then he'll take pictures maybe her grandson's like about 20 i don't know
19 20 real hot take some pictures of her grandson then maybe i'll come down there for a visit
i'll send back the standard answer when someone wants something like that yeah i'll stay out of
this business if you value your life if you value i want to sit there i forget what i just read
i wasn't paying attention dear niel how can we say we have no shopping we have the swap shop where
you can go buy back your own stuff when your house is robbed says lary cute cute lary yeah yuck yuck yuck
oh here's an interesting one i'm a 45-year-old black man never at a varsity cola being the official
drink of us dark folks now how had he said cool aid i'd agree with him well i haven't had
cool aid in a long time i would you're not a little kid
i really haven't yeah i know i bet you don't go to a lot of little kid parties either
no i like cool aid my used to make me wait once in a while
huh i said oh you don't like cool aid it's fine but i mean it's sugar water for christ sakes
but they got dyed cool aid yeah well that's another story anyway more over my 45 years on the
plan i never heard of a schwarz named sal yeah that's a good point f from lastly salar who
other avenue are go listen to russian hand of the they're the homily fake ass outraged says f from
f from is in a baton rouge Louisiana thanks f from oh we've heard from f from before for remember
have them from baton rouge you bet you just up until today we never knew he was a schwarz here but i
mean you know what there is a zame none unless he's drinking the cool aid
well here's one from us somebody says this is f in great 10 minutes out of the first games in my
bracket looks screwed i guess i should have been listening to all the jocks in your station for
their expertise well too bad you lose now where am i going to find the game let's see five
of three i don't know oh i don't have that on this set there's some channels that don't have
in here because why the hell what is that all about no data available what what do that mean i don't
know i just lost all my all what do they call it stuff at the bottom of the screen
i get what they tell you what they tell you what the about the movie or about the program or
whatever you're watching oh the the info bar whatever yeah the info thing i lost it it's just
uh you know oh here you go Memphis and somebody you see the turnover story worked not for that
Cal State Northridge Cal State Northridge now that's heading right now with this group of players
not to look about that Memphis and Cal State and you're starting to catch up that was the
fourth turnover by the tigers oh we can't play that then uh sit the kiddle you know see i know
better we can't put that on here we don't have the rights to it although we do have a crap tonight
we got the uh college hoops tonight seven of midnight from westward one we got that
and it wouldn't surprise me if we got it tomorrow we can too college hoops don't you just live
for this area i used to no you didn't you did be the highlight of my year no i'm lying but i
did participate you're talking about the pool yes the bracket and i'm talking about the games
no i don't watch any of the games well why not because i could give a rat size it says marlin fans
are copouts how can 13,000 fans they all night in the rain for a baseball game how no excuses
because and this makes no sense makes no sense just incoherent crap mike bodys says i don't know if
you caught this here today but due to our lovely federal reserve the dollar tanked by five cents
against the euro i had cnbc on this morning all of these clowns were applauding the actions of the
how is the weakening of our dollar positive that's right the loonies of the 82 cent almost it's
creating inflation the next economic cycle we're going to see is hyperinflation which will
divide the classes even more say goodbye to the american middle class i guess that fake bitch maria
knows something i heard her email last week saying the dollar rally is over is she uh doing branaki
keep up the great show mike uh yada yada yeah that's bad let me in fact let me take a look now get
ready to press and kill myself right on here get a big get a big number for you leave you with
uh inheriting a gigantic number i've seen some gigantic numbers in my time but nevertheless
how come the tsx is up 120 points and the dollar's tanking last time we look wasn't it
yeah wasn't down 90 points something like that freaking canadians boy there's something going on
here something really smells must be steve harpers ass they have the thousand 79 point
now let's see that loony come on oh oil 51 in a quarter now a barrel 51 it was down to like 32 33
remember that yeah what was that about 10 minutes ago and now it's 51 bucks they're just yanking
your chain baby whatever they can squeeze out of you those ragheads those grave killing digging
whatever the hell they are those Saudis i'll tell you one thing let's blow up Saudi Arabia before
the weekend there there all kinds of information coming up on this business news network but it's
mostly monkey business speaking of the tamil tigers oil 51 dollars and 14 cents a barrel up
three bucks just today up three dollars the same stick and oil remember in that movie there will be
blood yeah and he was wiping the oil oh 80.97 that's down a little bit actually it was up to almost
82 cents not so bad no need to panic now you can go take some money out of woodbind
here's one is there an antidote to republican amnesia i don't know and i don't care
you see one thing about okay oh k o m a was cool to never heard of coma i've heard some stations
that put me into one but and it says wqm was my vacation station for years okay nothing
new says paul and chicago whatever happened to that other guy in chicago what was his name chronic
could you be more specific oh you know the one i'm talking about the chronic guy from chicago
who is the expert on everything it'll come to think about it during the break take a deep breath
oh me you're listening to neo-boger well here we go again my son's phone is calling me later
365 sixty q a oh boy it's the one to two hour
yeah
I read without y'all this is your boy Z might see how you do songs with like hooks and concepts
right
but be there and try to go black them some of the boxes check this out y'all
yes
what
okay
I need a D S B O O K I need a D S B O O K I need a D S B O O K I need a D S B O O K I need a D S B O O K
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
It's just one block short警告
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
It's for space, not a magazine, what a block
That is for space, not a magazine, what a block
B-O-O-K-I-E-A-D-S-B-O-T-R-D-S
B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I
Way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way
to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way
to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, way to over it, how to over it, way to over it, way to over it, modification
What I said was that I was looking up the TV.
Mother.
Oh, my outline is beautiful.
I guess I've played it too much.
I said it was time to give it a rest
when all the other people were saying that I agreed.
I gave it a rest and now it's back.
You least expected it made a comeback.
Let's hear it.
It's whack, it's great.
So a sal is back, he says,
I'm as black as black and good.
I heard someone on the email say
there can't be a black man named Sal.
Go educate yourself.
Sal isn't as common as Lamar or Rashid,
but there are sal's out there in the hood, so Sal.
And let me educate you a little bit, Sal.
That expression about having heard such and such
in a coon's age, that's a different kind of coon, okay?
Then what you're thinking?
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
Am I right there's more than one kind of coon?
Yeah, well there you go.
He's thinking it means black people.
Coon, I mean, did you ever see a raccoon?
Just this morning.
Oh, when you stop with that crap,
yeah, I thought we'd get through the whole day without that.
And by the way, speaking of getting through the whole day,
it's only 105.
Is it just me or what?
This seems like one of the longest shows in history.
Not to make so?
Not any different than any other.
Manish, Tama, Halala, Haze.
Amen.
Maru, Khatod, Noi.
Here's an update.
Miami Commissioner Mark Sarnoff
is now giving a long speech about what a bad deal
this stadium thing is.
Sarnoff for mayor.
All right.
That's the only update we got.
And of course, I don't think we probably have anybody over there.
I mean, what a farce that would be.
This is supposed to be your sports station.
Not your Marlin station.
No more thank God.
We lost enough money on that crap.
In addition to which David Samson and Jolly Jovelle
hate each other like poison.
I would say even more than Tom Jicke and Jolly Jovelle
hate each other.
All that saying a lot.
That's pushing it.
So speaking of the ruins,
many from Kendall says, this is the fake man.
Who knows which one it is?
Armando, Kenneth Speron.
That one?
Yeah.
He says, just wanted to let you know I help grow and develop
those tourist eating vines and plants here in Mexico.
As a matter of fact, they have a seem to have a real taste
for fat old Jews, which was not reflected in the movie.
Come down to Al Capulco and I'll be happy to give you
a personal tour of the ruins.
The girl who comes out of the shower with a towel,
then on dresses was pretty hot,
but she got dressed right away.
I was hoping for some action with her boyfriend,
but it never happened.
He was right there looking at her.
P.S. last week I sent you an email asking
whatever become of young Neil.
He must be in his 20s by now.
Have you heard from him?
What does that mean?
The bit?
No, I know the bit, but what is that?
And my vote for the poll is there's nothing good
about living in South Florida.
Well, there you go.
That's why you're not there and I'm not even.
But it's not a negative poll.
Try to be a little bit positive.
People are depressed, A.I.G. and the freaking depression
and everybody's got to work and the falling dollar
and the falling dow all fall down.
You still haven't seen that, have you?
No.
Now who's in that brand?
She was in brand, well, I know brand of the will
to end Carl Maldon and Warren baby.
And what's your name?
She was in on the waterfront.
Eva, Eva Marie Saint.
I think that was a.
Remember Eva Marie Saint?
Sure.
She was in on the waterfront with Marlon Brando.
You know, the fact that he died, I don't know,
there should have been like a big,
something a little bit more of a big
simmiss about that when he died, when you think, right?
He was, he was pretty important guy, Marlon Brando.
I'll say he was the Godfrey Confada, right?
He was Stanley Kowalski.
Yeah, that's right.
He was all of these things.
And he died, that was it.
Of course, he weighed like what, 7,000 pounds.
Well, people tend not to be really sympathetic
when you balloon up like that and then you croak.
Well, they see a dead man walking.
Yeah.
Should elected officials approve the stadium,
latest vote, 1259 on the Herald website,
1259 votes, and it's 51 to 49.
The Marlon people are like jamming on this.
They probably got a conference table
with people sitting around tapping it out.
Yes, we need new stadium for the Marlon 640.
No, it's physical, irresponsible, 619.
So it's within like 21 votes, but nevertheless,
they keep pushing it ahead because they're, you know,
they want to give the appearance of the public as for it.
If they want to give the appearance of the public's for it,
why don't they put it to a public vote?
That's what I say.
Let the people of the county decide
if they want to pee away their money for millionaires
on this damn stadium for a ball club
that nobody gives a crap about first.
And in the non-sports town, it's got 15 different sports
talk stations, but nobody cares about sports.
That's the, that's the real peel of the banana.
Nobody goes to these damn games.
Nobody gives a flying crap.
Or here's the fishing guy.
Captain Bouncer Smith, he, we know,
he still gives the fishing reports on another station.
I saw Jimmy Cifilis this month
at the Coconut Grove Art Festival.
His hair is completely white.
He looks like an old lady.
Hey, does look like an old lady.
Maybe you should call Cubans Jorge instead of Julio's
says Jorge and South Miami.
And that's an idea.
Yeah.
What do you think is a more common first name?
Julio Jorge.
Jose.
No, I'm talking of those two Jorge or Julio Jorge
without a doubt.
Oh, without a lot of Jorge's.
Sure.
Not so many Nelson's though.
No, but I'll, amongst the spicks.
More than more than any other group.
What Nelson?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, you're the only non-spick Nelson
I've ever heard of.
Get out of here.
What about Nelson Riddle?
Oh, yeah, that guy.
Yeah, the music guy from Capitol Records.
Right.
What about Nelson Eddie?
Cut the music.
All right.
Nelson Mandela.
What about Nelson?
The Nelson twins Rick Nelson.
Oh, that's the last name, right?
Well, who cares?
They're always right now anyway.
I'm sure.
Anyway, Sam says I know what people don't come for.
And that's the culture mix down here.
The channel 10 thinks it's so wonderful.
If they were, they would be going to a little Havana.
We know nobody is going to waste their time there.
The best move by everybody I see down here
was from Miami Beach officials letting the topless scene
go on the beach.
My experience with culture down here
has been dead chickens at four-way stops.
Live chickens go to another assorted farm animals,
running into the streets, road rage, short little guys selling
four lemons in a plastic bag by the road set.
Oh, yeah.
In closing, any friend that ever visited me down here
has never made the request of going to see Domino Park.
PS Big Fan of the Future of AM Radio, the GA show.
What does that mean?
Gamblers and honors?
No, I know what G.A. is, but what does that mean?
I don't know.
Maybe it's a joke we don't get.
Rob says, I know you're gay, but it's fun to get a gay man's
opinion once in a while on what's straight men find attractive.
What's your opinion on the following actresses in terms of
hotness?
Jessica Alba, Scarlett Johansson, Megan Fox,
Kim Kardashian, and Halfway.
Scarlett Johansson gets my vote.
No, I'm not arguing with you.
Let's go.
And I'm supposed to know all the like Megan Fox, who now is that?
Megan.
Megan, Megan, Megan, the girl in the Transfigure.
Megan Vedgin.
Yeah.
Who is this guy, this Martian guy on CNN?
Places from a task area.
I'm fishing, if they're hiring, calling places,
seeing if they're hiring, going online,
and applying.
Look at that.
Turn on CNN and maybe in the past, what is that?
I record a tile ever been in one interview.
Avery, a mask-y-a-loys, looking for a job.
No job, no hopes.
I can't imagine why.
I'm in a labor department for them here,
listening to Neil Rogers.
Wow.
What is it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Q-A-F-B-O-D.
That's absolutely.
Everybody needs a fear, especially me.
Not a good idea to appear like a mincing queen.
You ferry, essentially, upheasing what the breeder's fear.
By pretending that I'm not a queer,
no one will ever know that I'm a homo.
They'll just say, eat, marry, you know.
Holding back my passion for sports,
to now end in.
Faking I like women more than watching men.
Yeah.
I've got a bit, but inside I'm dying.
Living a life that nobody's buying.
Now I gotta live a life and act apart.
But it's been that every heart.
Oh cannot go.
I don't have the balls to admit, I pushing fall.
I don't have the balls to admit I'm singing.
Ball.
I don't have the balls to admit I'm solving, I'm hitting false.
Huh.
I just don't have the balls to admit I play chin ball
19 at 560 wqm happy Thursday or the weekends almost here my god life is
Passing us by sometimes I feel don't you feel right now now Teresa says poor Teresa
I wouldn't let the Teresa in the building or any of her kin
Teresa says oh Neil bless you in your sidekick you are a great person you'll enhance them too
I must admit that you are a very handsome man and very popular here where I live
Me and some other women can't believe that you are gay to think the Lord would take such a handsome man away from women
Life is to unfair Neil
says Teresa
See what I mean? Yeah, if she shows up there call a cops. Okay
Oh, I speak out of call a cops. This is a very disturbing story
Cleveland Brown's wide receiver Don A. Stahlworth was driving drunk
Blood alcohol to show he was over the legal limit last weekend when he struck in Kilde pedestrian with his Bentley a
Miami Beach Channel 7 reported today
Miami Beach Police would not confirm the TV stations report that they had a blood level alcohol of alcohol level of 0.12
The legal limit is 0.08 his was 0.12
half again over legal limit
We haven't released anything regarding the blood work said Jenny Velasquez a Miami Beach police spokeswoman. We're not confirming anything
No charges have been filed against Stahlworth 28 who has seen on the video obtained by the hell being given a
sobriety test by two Miami Beach police officers
Stahlworth who is cooperating with police issued a statement yesterday expressing his condolences to the family of Mario Reyes
My family and I are grief-stricken over the tragic accident which occurred Saturday in Miami Beach where Mario Reyes sadly lost his life
Stahlworth said and they prepared statement my thoughts and prayers are with the Reyes family during this incredibly difficult time
Reyes 15 I was getting off work as an overnight crane operator tried across the street to catch a bus home just after 7 a.m
He died at the scene
Reyes was born in Cuba left as a teenager for a better life in the U.S
He worked numerous construction jobs. He was an avid baseball fan, especially fond of the Florida Marlins
Reyes survived by his wife of almost 20 years Catalina and a company a couple's 15-year-old daughter Daniela
So a court of channel seven Donnie Stahlworth was a little
very
Pi-eyed yeah when he hit the pedestrian
But nevertheless we'll see
Gravity guys says question on importance of early FM as
As the kid growing up in Miami in the 70s I have fun memories of listening to Ricky Tiki on WQA. I'm on a.m
This is while all my friends were hooked on FM to listen to their music. I don't think so
When did Ricky Tiki leave this station?
Would you say
Wow
I mean ballpark I'm not asking for a minute in the day like a 80s 70s
Oh, well, then that's possible 80s. I'm not sure
Because I just was wondering when you started listening to FM for music and when do you feel?
Did a m is the band listen music on lost its popularity?
When did you become aware of FM becoming available also during whatever would you say that FM became more popular than a
I'm just wondering just wondering. I don't know. I would say like I don't know 70s
Okay, I
mean early 70s. I lived in Detroit and
FM was already making a big impact in Detroit
Trying to think of the underground station. It was really big and there were no recorded commercials on that station air every spot was a live spot
What the hell was that station in Detroit somebody will remember
Big big. I think Paul Winter had to show on that station, but nevertheless
When you say 70s is when FM started to make it and of course once people heard out good music sounded on
FM as compared to a and they said oh, we don't want to hear a bunch of
On a I'm like that
And that was the beginning of the end and then Joe Bell came to town
well
speaks for itself
Scott says gave you the day last week Prince spaghetti day being Wednesday the radio station in Bonair was transworld radio and they were on 800-910
You're absolutely correct Scott. That's why they interfered with CKLW because they were both on 800 on the dial
And CKLW was pumping out their legal 50,000 watts with a gigantic signal
But if you were like in you know certain areas and
Whether was the wind was blown in a certain direction
Bonair would interfere and you hear this religious crap over CKLW which really would piss you off, you know
The big H
Golden
I mean I'm trying to you know, it's difficult to pick one
If you were to ask that question I think we've done that before pull question. What was the greatest AM station of all time?
Yeah, well CKLW would have to be right in there a contender
Oh definitely a contender and then there would be people who would say you know WBC KDK WABC 77
What a signal they had like God can you imagine how many millions of people they were reaching with that signal at night couple
3 4
Trillion three four trillion
So what's bigger elephant or the amoon oh
You got snuckered in on that you should check snopes. Oh
You made a mistake you made who cares who cares
Seriously if I had that much time on my hands that I was worried about nitpicking crap like that
I would I would definitely go to the balcony right now. It's a beautiful sunny day to jump
And if you splatter it really don't matter
Here's one this starts out very sad, but the end makes up for it and it's an attachment to something
Starts out sad but makes effort. It's like some kind of an audio thing. I just deleted. Let me say it again
I don't open the links and I don't do attachments. Okay period
Oh God what part of that don't they get it
Here's one from Frank about those hot chicks mentioned watch the movie havoc and you'll see more
What oh anathaway in a whole new light
Yep, and you will move her to the top of your list and be sure Phillips
I'm so in love with anathaway says I make my woman wear a bride
Ride-war's poster when we have sex. What does that mean? I have no idea and he really spells where whre
Oh, Teresa's back again stuff my grandson says he'd like to visit the state. He says he's emailed you before his name is Johnny
John ZTR
John ZTR is Teresa. Okay, you think there really could be anybody that's stupid
Yeah, but no, it's John GTR. Yes
Which is no surprise to me though that that's what I was thinking John pretty weak effort man
You know you know you start out really good and now you're slipping
You like we got caught you're slipping
For the
Later
Jake me out to the ball game
I want to see your marlins
I'll have for love for an I run beer and pay 50 dollars to park my
Here took some funds away from education
To build a new stadium for the dumb
But you won't seek no
Monista ringos at the
Game okay, so David emails and says
Last night at the world baseball classic there were 13,000 screaming Venice Waylands in the rain
These same fans come up with the excuse. They don't come to the marlin games because of even the threat of rain their copouts
Why these 13,000 Venice Waylands and Puerto Ricans don't come out to a marlins game is amazing
They support the world baseball classic rain or shine, but they don't support marlins baseball give me a break
Says David another reason why we don't need that stadium because they're not gonna come build it and they won't come
You believe it no
Yes, you do you won't go no
Well, why not
What if they give you free food like you sit in the press box pay me and send a little and hang out with the what's his name's wife
Then I'll think about it Dave and boring
His wife hot that's what we hear
He's not and she is he is so boring. Oh my god. I was just thinking about I heard clearance his voice to run at spot
Yeah, and I was just thinking about him. I don't know
As a as a person as a human being you know, I mean
Yeah as a as a being
as a being
functioning breathing a kidney bean I just I just have difficulty
being
Coping with that
Mark and Kendall says you read an email earlier from a guy whose co-worker came out of the closet his comment that he is still his friend reminded me of a similar situation
Situation, I'm your friend
I recently attended a family function of north and a family member of mine who I grew up with but only visit every now and again
Pulled me aside and for me that a childhood friend of ours had come out
After my reaction was yes, so he relaxed and proceeded to catch me up on his welfare
I thought it was sad because I know my family member was torn is not a handle these situation
And stated that one of the perks of hanging out with him was that the group that hang with get treated very well when they go to gay bars
Because they hadn't turned their backs on a long time friend. Why do they go to gay bars?
Why do straight people go to gay bars
For the life of me I have never ever figured out the answer to the question is
I was talking about a lesbian bar or a gay guy bar. I don't know if it's a gay guy bar. They don't oh
I'm a devotee of Neil God on the DNH philosophy
And think people need to stop being so stubborn
Chances are they know someone who's gay whether they know it or not
Chances are chance of large on a mattress the African queen. They're the one
In closing, I'd like to apply to become your agent
I have no experience, but figure that I could ignore you give you a
Chromic contract sit back and collect your money for giving you some lip service every now and again
Well, I'll put you on the list mark mark and Kindle
Because my agent is just he's vanished into thin air. He's just uh, yeah, I'm not gonna call him. I'm not gonna email him
And you want to know why you don't want to that's right. I don't want to waste my time
I don't want to frustrate myself with just oh, but to be put a boop and boop and jose is this and jose that that but to be put a boop, you know
Go play your fantasy baseball normal. Okay. Go pick up some runaways
Gonna he leftover send one up here
The internet could prove fatal the skinny Americans. This is a funny thing
One of those angry letter to the editors was published in the March 16th edition of the hero
The attributing the slow demise of newspapers to folly born out of liberal bias
The minemakers writer said anything that does not you to the liberal politics or challenges the conventional wisdom doesn't get printed
He wrote that as a newspaper reader for 45 years
He had long taken his gospel most everything I read but long came the internet
I found out how slanted some of the news is he then cited three examples of evidence for his thesis
First he accused newspapers of printing news that supported the notion of global warming
Opposing views are not aired even though there's a large body of evidence refuting this fraud
He intimates that newspapers are behind the movement toward organic food while the department of agriculture can find no additional nutritional value in it
And finally in most puzzling he charges newspapers with spreading around the idea that obesity is not healthy
The ills of obesity get lots of ink while skinny people to die from heart attacks and diabetes he said
Gracious takes the science supporting global warming is overwhelming and urgent and so frightening
Especially for low-lying islands or nations with arid climates. There will be nearly criminal not to report the unhappy consensus
Just this week a scientific exhibition in the Arctic reported an alarming retreat of the great glaciers
There remains a diminished minority among climate scientists who are not convinced that global warming has been caused by human activity
But not the fact of global warming. I don't know how newspapers could dodge global warming
Nor do I think newspapers can take credit or take the blame for their organic food movement
I think the fellow from IMEsures can pin the blame for folks growing concerns about food additives and livestock hormones and pesticides
As much on the internet as the liberal news media
Does he imply that conservatives like the idea of filming their children with preservatives and pesticides
But fatties now that takes the 800 calorie cake
A not so very liberal outfitted the American medical association is worried itself sick over the obesity epidemic
Skinny people occasionally die of heart disease and diabetes
Sure, but doctors liberal conservative and the utterly apolitical claim that excess fat increases the likelihood of premature morbidity
I would say that algorithm russian limbo are at equal risk
But the writer did eliminate however unwittingly the vagaries of the internet
the vagaries
Where he sarnored where myth in fact and paranoid conspiracies and scientific findings get equal treatment
It's where George Bush mastermind denied 11 aware Barack Obama's a secret Muslim and the internet apparently is where skinny people go to die an early death
Thank you cliff and candle good crap
Paranoid right wingers man so many oh see
The builder burgers
The Illuminati
Wonder whatever happened to Shirley Spellerber. Hopefully she's dead by now. Yeah
You don't know Shirley Spellerber. Nope
Well, you didn't miss a thing right winger from Texas used to do the nights alternating with the Irv shinler
Swiftie shinler. He's dead
And if it's good enough for her, it should be good enough for that bitch right wing
I wonder if Marba Studdley is croaked yet. Oh the Jewish people. I love my love. I love Israel. I just love. Oh my god
That whole deal she had going with Lucrone on W. Just knew to the most disgusting
pandering
Licking sucking. Oh my god
The Jewish people I love my love my love they were planning to run her for office that bitch
Really? Then a box of rocks
Then an empty box of rocks
Well, here's one from the fake time joker. Let's interject this for a moment of levity
Steve Lapis whipped up about the opportunity of available radio free agents
Steve is strongly considering hiring Sid Rosenberg and teaming him with Jeff DeForest calling the show two live Jews
Jeff was not fond of the idea may take clear channels offered to do mornings in 940
Steve is also considering Howard David from it days hang Goldberg to afternoon drive and fast Ed Kaplan for evenings
This will give the station an all Jewish lineup. Steve would love to have you once your contractors up with QAM
Right
Steve Lapis as Norma Kent once said and it's one of the few things he ever said that was true
Everything Steve Lapis touches turns to instant processed Schmidt
Oh, no, you're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. I'm sounds for it is 20 years later
560 QAM
Yeah, get baby this portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears but JJ
It's hanging out y'all
All right, I wonder if it was hanging out to the air Canada Center last night or if it's gonna be hanging out tonight
Probably you're gonna be hanging out of the ACC
Sure, you'll be very pleased to know I got my shirt on my pantaloonies and my shoes
All right. I mean all right shoes for old shoes
Now let's see what is John ZTR have to say here something
He says Neil it's true the quality of the fake emails are down. I mean way down. I rarely write it now
I think I lost my drive however to restart car can't the only fake I emailed with today the other email was actually good
He won't tell me what it was but the other one was actually good so he says
We shouldn't be for us to judge
Well, let's just take his word for it
not
What's not
It's not
It's not
You think it's a fake email, but it's not
Oh
There he goes doing even more disgusting than eating on the air and now he's like snotting his nose
Oh, then that's who it was that that's uh, that's the one
About the eating on the aircraft right probably no for sure. Did I said bench me go or whatever that? Yeah
That's John ZTR come on
Somebody gets upset enough to write an email about eating on the air give me a breath
Good god
Wait to the year this speaking of breath you'll puke
Former evangelical pastor Ted Haggard and his wife
Are planning another TV appearance this time to talk about their marriage
The two are in LA taping an appearance on the syndicated 20th television show divorce court to be broadcast nationally
April 1st no fooling
The shows presiding judge Lynn Toler is interviewing the couple about how their marriage survived after a male prostitute from Denver
alleged a cash for sex relationship with that Haggard November 2006 executive producer Mark Coburg says
The scandal prompted Haggard to resign as president of the National Association of Evangelicals and New Life Church in Colorado Springs
The Haggard say the marriage and Christian faith are stronger than ever and they want people to know that divorce is not the answer
No finding a boyfriend for Ted that's the answer
This is part of Ted's journey gale Haggard said it's made him a better man
I see what's happened as a divine rescue. Oh god
She said she was helped through her darkest hours by the biblical principles of forgiveness compassion and steadfastness along with her husband's genuine repentance
The couple will be paid and I'm just close to them off for the interview the latest in the series of public appearances that started in January
When Ted Haggard began promoting an HBO documentary the worst one of the worst pieces of swill I've ever seen about his time in exile
He's also appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show and Larry King live where he really got grilled and thrilled not
I wonder if he ever got as much tongue from his boyfriend as he got from Larry think oh Larry likes to get in his licks uh-huh
Well
That's also Cliff and Kendall. Thank you Cliff. Cliff is a filling Brandon shoes today sending some really interesting crap
You got a few people out there that you know send us interesting crap
Good CJ who's becoming very chronic CJ from dear field beach
See when even you recognize some of the names that I know right now
I know we're gonna have an additional spot on there today or not. I think not we didn't have anything written in
No correct that really caught me with my plants down and they all over your mind
You know I back time which is one of the reasons I play the same bits so often at the end of the show is because I got to find something
That's roughly like you know between a minute 50 and two two or five two ten
About a two-minute bit
Now of course I don't have to start the break it to you know the same time. I could you know mix and match, but I don't want to
We're just creatures are happy you know I'm saying oh if you don't want to take up any of the big old time oh
Dewey no
CJ says just wanted to write you and let you know that I can't stand what some of these right wing idiots say that vash are present
But a beep but oh this is weak
But a beep and tell clearance that just because he's getting married doesn't mean he's butching up anytime soon
Because once he's married he won't ever see his balls again. I think that's his balls. I don't know what I think she's gonna see him so
Now why would you say something like that? You don't think he's screwing his brains out. I have no idea
with her
I don't know I have no idea. Well, what do you mean with her with the beast?
The beast you know that that was practice practice makes perfect
What's the wrong kind of practice or as they say directly practice makes prefect like no babies that way
really
Really trust me. I know how
I
Jane and dear field says I don't know if you mentioned it, but today is the sixth anniversary of the I may be mitigated disaster
That's the racquore. No, I didn't mention it because we're trying to keep happy today Jane. We don't want to get all morbid and depressed
You want to get morbid and depressed? Yeah, sure. I don't
Although emails have made it easier to communicate with you at least an umscalcolors got you to read more bedtime stories
Which the brain dead public needed to hear. Oh, yeah, they're really tuned into those bedtime stories Jane
they're oblivious
They're upset about AIG. They don't even know what the AIG is
But they're upset about it. They're pissed off about those bonuses and they're pissed off about the bailout and yadda yadda
They don't care about the racquore and all the dead soldiers and dead arachis. They don't care
And that dog and pony show that bush put on that press dinner that night. Oh, no weapons over here
You know making a joke out of it
Talk about an insult wow and the public is like oh, that was pretty funny George. Oh
It says I know yours is a fun show, but I think Americans should take at least a moment to reflect on the howling mob mentality that rusted into this horrible slaughterhouse or rack
What what was the mob mentality was the neocons there was no mob it was a bunch of Nazis
I'm not see mob a small Nazi mob
Of self-hating Jews all our dick chaniel at least a Jewish thank god all the dead and suffering not to mention our brave soldiers
And either is a what's his name rummy?
Been lawden city was gonna bankrupt us look how I looks like he understood America's general ignorance and succeeded
Sorry for the downer love you jim do you feel no sorry left that to write about the end of the show I've had it for a while, but
It's a downer
John ZTR
Isn't this something that we got a fake emailer who now communicates with us and tells us which fake emails he sent it
They're really weak now john
Not up to the old standards. I'm trying to figure some of the really good ones
You know
Remember those long oh
Yeah instructional ones about the show and about my life and about you
Who is that was good stuff?
Yeah
Oh here you go my name is Andrew Norris. I'm an attorney working with a reputable legal firm
Hogarth chambers in London. He's got one twelve million dollars us for me
Wow, we both want today
Oh
The fake read butelos here. I'm not reading his stuff in the idiot
Oh and john ZTR is back again
Drink some soda don't choke on the ear is that his instruction? No, that's mine. Oh, okay
caffeine-free die Pepsi
Hey Neil, I'm not being shmigl I was another fake email, but anyway, it's not why I'm writing in
I was gonna send another batch of movies to the stationery you are George into animated movies
Are you into that crap? Yeah need my daughter, but yeah, it's very much so send him send him along john. Thank you in advance
See at least I haven't chased him away so that you know, although I do chase everybody away
I'm sure that was also him I chase everybody away likely
probably
Maybe
Here's this chronic phone number emailer. It's amazing how angloss are a two minority in Miami
It's a beautiful place, but very different demographics out of five commissioners one is white one is black three Cubans
I know lie there technically white. He says what was I mean technically white?
I wonder if punks moving into birkel will start voting it says probably not
How's that thing coming with the estate and by the way
Let me let me click on the herald website. I bet there's gonna be a big headline that says no
Miami commission to vote on Marlon Stadium
Still the same little crap hola
They haven't voted yet
They probably do it during the big OSHO be breathless somebody will come running in oh my god
They just voted in favor. They yeah, they'll pass. You'll see the dye is cast the fix is in
That's how they slip through the metro rail the public voted against the metro round. They just fixed the vote
They fixed the vote they rigged it. Yeah, I remember it was like yesterday
It was losing big time and then well when the vote came in from homestead
Oh, why the hell would the people in homestead vote for the metro rail shut up. That's why yeah, that's right
Here's the pool
The best thing about living in South Florida is the weather two eleven the neo-Rodges show one sixteen. I don't live in South Florida 100
The beach 56 my family is here 49 my family isn't here 25 the women 20
The Everglades 14 the diverse culture 12 the food eight the fishing seven you actually put that on there, huh?
Yeah, tight lines are good fishing a lot of people come from all over the place to fish down here
Wow, however, he said the sports team seven
The job opportunity six the landscape two
Love those melalucas baby with that bark all over the place. Oh
And the nightlife won the shopping none the nightlife Solomon, they uno and the shopping none
Zero
So I guess we can't say see what the software
You're listening to neo-Rodges
Here we go, jab. I'm stuck toward it. 20 more later
560 Q AF
It's day
Huh? If I have any town
Wow
560 WQ
AF
All right
We had a quiet revolution
But my life in the past
You have to get off your badass for that
You
Now please miss lower
You
And
Now that we got rid of the neo-concrowned churches
Democrats better sit down and get to work
How is going
Oh
I'm gonna be
All right
And then this nation's got us you can
Revolve it is blue
And they may just hang it around the world
Well
They gave us all the royals
School is like a pixel
A killed body of living revenge
Now get them all those errands of our history
And you got it with beach to make the job complete
And if that's going to be
All right
All right
Oh
All right
All right
Bye
