The music's press on these programs.
Ranges.
What happened to those obnoxious loud mouth of the Yorkers with their ranges?
Who are going to look like they're going to fall right out of the playoff?
Ranges.
The biggest name.
Still, they're going to fall right out.
Ranges sound.
The ball is going to score 3DO560WQAM.
We met these women who passed the ball to the other day.
Ranges for the final playoff spot, Eastern Conference.
Can that be something?
What would it be?
Something.
Ranges.
560WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in Dave and Broward.
In other face-time tickets for your busy year today.
775 Neil or pound to face your bellies in the season morning.
And Verizon wireless phones.
But it'll be for the bathroom.
A seat seat.
You can use it.
Now, what is that?
Represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on 560WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
She's just doing all right on screen.
She's just packing up in four years.
She's just doing some hip moves.
She's just doing all right.
You're fairly.
No one can just pray in R.
No one is as blind as the sun.
No one cares God is the star.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh yeah.
Jesus is doing all right.
Woohoo.
Jesus is doing all right on screen.
Jesus may do a seat.
Well yeah.
Jesus may spit on on TV.
Jesus is doing all right.
No one is what the critics say.
No one is what the critics do.
Jesus has had a big day.
Jesus is doing all right.
Woohoo.
Well here we are 1002 at 560 WQM.
It's Friday April 3rd.
Wow.
Well this week sure I went shooting by, didn't it?
Showed up.
Shooted by.
Real fast.
So anyway I watched some Flicks last night.
George sent me a whole bunch of crap.
Or Fleet sent it to me actually.
Right.
And first of all I watched South Park,
the Jonas Brothers thing.
That was amusing.
Not as funny as some people had made it out to be.
But it was funny.
It was cute.
It was okay.
And then I was going to watch that flipper movie
that you sent me.
But then come to find out that Luke Alpin is about 10 years old
or at least he looks like in that movie and I watched about a minute of it
and I shut it off.
They're coming to take you away.
Take me away?
You hear it?
Wow.
I remember seeing that movie as a little kid.
Didn't make me uncomfortable at all.
What do you mean by that?
No, it's not a question of feeling uncomfortable.
It's the point is I thought Luke Alpin was going to be like 16, 17 years old in that movie
and they're running around naked and looking really hot, you know.
I see.
But I'm just not into little boys.
Sorry.
So I didn't watch it.
And instead I watched Religilus,
which may come as a shock to the Bill Mara crowd.
Oh, Neil hates Bill Mara.
Yeah, I can't stand him.
But I was able to overlook the fact that it was him.
I know that's not easy to do because he's about nine years old.
He's about 90% of the movie, but it was good.
I did the same thing.
It was good.
And the last part of it there were they unmatched all this bull crap about Christianity
and the fact it was just, I mean, this is what I don't understand.
It's well documented that Christianity is just a ripoff of a buy.
It's like the Paul and Ron of religion.
Right.
All these stories about the Virgin birth and the crucifixion and the resurrection
all and the atrov apostles.
It's all ripped off from earlier religions, like a quilt.
It reminds me of the Iraq attack.
We got a guy, two guys, three, a bunch of guys walking around loose,
who are responsible for the death of hundreds of thousands of people,
including over 4,000 American soldiers, based on lies.
And it's like, oh, well, you know, but it will put about the bill.
So the best thing is to say WTF, you know, screw it.
Right.
Otherwise, you're going to go nuts.
But anyway, I would recommend religiously, especially for any of you silly-ass believers.
And one thing I will say, he spreads it around.
He doesn't just rip Christianity. He rips them all.
Because it's all a bunch of ridiculous fairy tales.
The Orthodox Jews on their davening, Baruch Hatan.
The one guy banging his head against the wailing wall there, I thought was kind of a twister.
Maybe we might knock some sense into it.
And the Scientologists get it pretty good in the Mormons.
Yep.
And who else?
Everybody, the Muslims, did you already say that?
No, the Muslims, yeah.
With their magic carpets.
Who was that British guy that had on that British MP who was saying that Islam is a violent religion
and it needs to be, you know, stamped out?
Yeah.
Oh, and how about talking about important things?
Michelle Obama and the Queen.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
The Queen put her arm around Michelle and Michelle respired in time.
Of course, the protocol is you're not supposed to touch the Queen.
That all makes me want to puke.
All that's happening.
Yeah, of course.
How about this?
I'm supposed to smash her in the face.
That's a good idea.
And that old prune face of hers, that old bitch.
Did we fight a war so we wouldn't have to kiss the royal ass?
It's the Queen, yeah, exactly.
I mean, what part of British government does she do?
What does she have to do with the British government?
She cuts ribbons.
She's a ceremonial bitch, she's all she is.
With lots and lots of money that that whole royal family suck up,
people are starving, people are shleppers are out of work starving in the streets,
eating out of garbage cans and dumpsters.
And the Queen and the royal family are guaranteed they're not missing any meals.
Those bastards, those Battenberg, German and Nazis.
But nevertheless, she and Michelle got along just swimmingly well.
We're supposed to be impressed by that.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I got nothing against Michelle, but who cares?
Now this is what the news makers, this is what they think is news.
Oh, it's very important crap, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, how the Queen feels about the American government, that's very important to me.
Effing Queen.
And I guarantee it wasn't the first Queen that the Obama's have met.
I'm sure.
Okay, let's take a look at that poll.
Generally, you get the word absolute worst service ad, the Department of Motor Vehicles 188,
the MV, late edition 190, Walmart 124, Post Office 107, another late edition.
K-Mart 73, Home Depot 62, Best Buy 44, Mickey D's 30, Denny's 28, Burger King 27, KFC 22, Target 14, Lowes 14, Taco Smell 13.
And I still haven't been there in maybe a year, I guess.
I get, you know, accused, oh, all Neil eats his Taco Bell and Red Lobster.
Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, what kind of taste is that?
I like Taco Bell.
Me too.
I'm not going to apologize for what I like, okay?
Stake and Shake 12, Radio Shack 11, I have 7, and Wendy 7.
And like I said the other day, it's not a question of whether the service is prompt or quicker.
Like that's a question whether you're going to get anything that you ordered.
Right.
Don't ever drive away with the sack from the drive through Wendy's without looking inside,
making sure that whatever they stuck in there is what you want it.
Right.
Like that cool sandwich that the normal canter word.
The Google sandwich.
First of all, there's no such thing as a Google sandwich, but secondly, I was sure we'd love some good potato cougar.
Boy, would you?
Haven't had that in years, especially when it's real crisp, you know, around the edges?
Ooh, that sounds good.
Hmm.
You ever have potato cougar?
I don't think so.
Well, when we had the delis bringing stuff in all the time,
I don't know if they brought cougar in.
No, they brought cougar in.
Is there more than one kind of cougar?
Yeah, there's a...
Luxin cougar, which is noodle pie.
That's what they brought in.
Remember in Trans-Ois, it's just noodle pie.
Luxin cougar.
I like luxury cougar.
How's that?
How about that?
Yeah.
That's what they brought in and it was awesome.
Really?
Everything they brought in was...
Potato cougar was, well, that was the Villa deli, right?
Yes.
Rest in peace.
Well, that was such a great place.
That's why they're not around anymore.
They were just probably a little bit too good.
It's one thing to be good.
That's okay, but don't be too good.
You're going to be long gone.
We still have 47 certificates for Primavera from yesterday, but...
It's one of those things.
We do the best we can every week.
Today we got the pick-up pony thing at 144.
The second race from Gulfstream.
All first-time starters, two-year-olds, never ran a race before.
And this race, two and a half, for longs.
You know how far that is?
That's from where you're sitting to the wall, okay?
They're off and here they are, you know, like that.
It's like I was just over a quarter of a mile.
I mean, what would we be talking about, man?
So I picked a seven, Yul-Guru, and you want to know why I picked him?
No.
He's got good workouts, number one.
And number two, he's on the outside, so he can be clear.
Because I watched a two-year-old race from Gulfstream there two ago.
And all the bumping and stuff that goes on.
So if you're like, you know, next to other horses, it's a lot more difficult.
Because they're all bumping in there.
You know, they race real green.
They're not used to racing.
So they run sideways and half-assed like that.
But the seven is on the outside, so he's got nobody next to him on the outside.
So he's got a clear shot.
You know what I mean?
Getting away from the gate, okay?
Okay.
That's my reasoning.
That's what I'm thinking.
Plus, he's got the good works, and he's got Elvis Trujillo and Yadia-Yadia.
So that's my pick for Dean, who's our lucky contestant.
He's going to have a $50 win ticket on the seven.
Yul-Guru.
Unless I change my mind right before the race.
The fake Tom Jicke who's just loaded with crap today.
FM flips to talk in Montgomery, Alabama.
Greg Buttele afternoons.
Aren't you thrilled?
Bluewater Broadcasting has taken over operation of Alexander Broadcasting Urban WMRK FM, Montgomery,
in LMA, and flipped to talk as News Talk 107.9 with programming from Bluewater's Talk WACV AM.
The line-up includes a local show with Dan Morrison, Mark Montiel, 7-10 AM, Dial Global's Needle Boards.
Oh, Premier's Glenn Dreck, a local afternoon show with Greg Buttele.
In Italus, it's got on here.
You hear they're coming to take Greg away.
I hear it.
Everybody still hates you, Greg.
And talk radio networks, Laura Ingram and Rusty Humphries.
Market veteran Bob Jackson has been hard to handle news for the station.
This is Montgomery, Alabama.
And this is something that we're supposed to be excited about.
The Greg Buttele is going to be doing a talk show and freaking Montgomery, Alabama on some horse ball station.
Woo!
Also the fake Tom Jicke says, request.
Can you give the breakdown on the top 4 AM station?
No.
WIODWYNZWQMWACC, the 2554 Demo Major Day Parts?
I already did that yesterday.
Sorry, Tommy.
And then he says, sadly, it looks like Clear Channel OWD and WIODWYNZ dominated the AM ratings.
Hearing rumors, the progressive format may be picked up by James Crystal Radio.
The WFTL stations are struggling.
No kidding, with their zero point.
Oh, oh!
Like we got it night.
First of all, the James Crystal stations are non-indities.
They pretty much basically don't exist.
640 and 850 and 14, whatever they don't exist.
They're not on anybody's buttons.
Nobody knows what they're LAR.
They're, you know, that's James Crystal Radio.
Radio as a secret.
You know what I mean?
No.
I've got a secret.
That's what Steve Lapis says.
I've got a secret and it is that nobody knows what our stations are.
But the fake time jikers just full of load of information today.
Aren't you thrilled?
As I can be.
The downtown 47 point unemployment is through the roof, 8.5%.
8.5% of the people are out of work.
And we're supposed to be worrying about the freaking queen.
Oh, Neil!
It's Friday.
You bastard!
That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a lunatic.
There's no wonder why I'm coming back to the stage.
It's been so lily.
Here's a lot of things I've changed.
If you hear me try to say, well, that felt really illegal.
You feel cheated.
You're frair.
You feel cheated.
When I move on, I can just fall on like I can.
He'll listen to me when he'll listen to me.
He'll win.
So hands in my show.
We'll be leaving the stands and we'll cheat it.
They won't want me there, they'll be cheated.
Cheated.
Cheated.
Cheated.
I'll leave you a constant feeling.
Sure you won't like it.
Me and I'll share.
That's where I'll be.
I'll drive it, players.
We'll cheat it.
You'll feel cheated.
Ten, eighteen, five, sixty, WQM.
Here's the schedule today we got rock solid.
Big O two to four.
Wow.
Can you believe he's still on?
Mad dog four to seven.
Seven o'clock at UM and FSU baseball.
Wow.
Followed by Greg Lyckons from 11 to one.
You still understand how come we got a nighttime show on Friday only?
No, I don't ask these questions.
Oh, no, you don't care.
Nothing they do makes any sense to me.
So why would I bother him?
Oh, there you go again.
Be a Mr. Negatory.
I'm positive that it doesn't make any sense to me.
Well, here's an email that I think makes no sense.
Christine says, Neil, how about taking some calls today?
Well, guess what, Christine?
The answer is no.
No.
No chance.
No.
No.
Under the category again of show instruction and life instruction and critique and complaint.
How about taking some calls to, I don't take calls on a show.
That's part of the distant past on the near Roger show and I'm doing the show.
And George does the show.
You get all the calls you could deal with.
That's right.
Christine.
Obviously a fake name.
Of course.
You're right.
They're all fake.
And I don't care.
It doesn't bother me.
When you open up the whole world out there through email, what do we expect you're going to get?
Like saying people with something to say?
No.
How about taking some calls today, Neil?
Yes, we hear from the same people.
I'm your friend.
There you go.
That's it. That's it's satisfying.
I'm your friend.
And then of course, back, back, I rod.
Christine, she's probably the bitch, the hairy ape.
The bright of it, bitch.
Yeah, the pivot bitch in that.
The scene is now hearing what those calls come.
Steve from Vegas is last Friday.
I went to the rampart casino near my house in Somerlin to beat your double.
I made my bet in the sports book.
Went to the Wheel of Fortune machine.
Some old bitch tells me to play the next machine because if you can see spin-closed at line on the third wheel, it'll hit a map.
It'll hit in a max of 20 pulls.
That's a bunch of crap.
A few minutes, I'm 50 in with no spin.
The spin finally hits gives me 30 credits.
Am I an idiot or what's, uh, or what?
Yes, I'm going to bet your double today, but I'll stick to caveman, quino, no more Wheel of Fortune for this good.
First of all, anybody who listens to some old bitch like she knows like there's some pattern?
I mean, well, you know, that dumb, Steve.
And I don't have a double today because I'm not playing the first race with George's mouth there.
I'm sticking to the second race.
This business where all of a sudden I'm the unofficial handy crapper.
Leave it to Ron, whatever his name is.
What's his name?
Nicoletti.
Nicoletti.
With that heavy new, what can I accent?
Leave it to him.
So good luck to you, Steve from Vegas, so whatever.
Rampark, because you know, I never heard of that.
Of course, I haven't been in Vegas in years.
Oh, well, there you go again, Neal.
You're just letting us down.
And you haven't gone to Vegas and there's still a Vegas.
Oh, God, when in doubt they just were you out.
So anybody else see religious besides me and George?
Bill Marr, that twerk, right?
It's must see for all the believers of any of these MUMBO jumbo, all this hocus, poucus.
You know, that's not going to make a bit of good.
What do you mean?
The believers, they don't care what reality is.
I mean, the brainwashing is that good?
You're right.
The reality is that the brainwashing is the rock solid.
Oh, yeah.
David Cooper City says, Neal and George are all the best.
Oswald Cobble putt is the Joker.
Chester Copperpot was the character from the Goonies.
Right.
On a side note, I just cleaned out the storage locker I hadn't found a box with a t-shirt
from the W.I.O.D. days with your face pasted on a Mona Lisa painting.
And here it comes the same old line again.
Those with a good old radio deal days, Neal, no question about it.
It's in the distant past, okay, David?
It's in the distant past.
Those with a good old radio days, well guess what?
There are no more good old radio days.
There are no more good new radio days.
They've butchered it.
They've destroyed it.
Now, what's the story?
Is it tonight at midnight that the INZ goes all sports?
Or was it this morning what's going on over there?
What's the deal?
I think Thursday it's sundown.
I don't know.
Baruch Hahtaud, annoyed.
And what was the story with that Orthodox rabbi on there?
How can a china kabut Israel?
And did you see that guy?
Unrealijalus?
Oh, yeah.
And there he was with Ahmedina Jad.
He should have been our list of self-hating Jews.
Sure.
Also anyone who badmouthed George's and idiots says David Cooper City.
He's hysterical.
I'm journalists name when you're on vacation.
You're hysterical.
Well, Connie and the Godfather.
She's hysterical.
There's two ways to read that.
One more thing, watching President Obama at the G27 really hits home in the fact of what a complete global embarrassment we had in office the last eight years.
Thank Jesus Joseph and Saul for President Obama.
Why go along with that?
He's a manch.
He's got a lot of big fish to fry that they left him in there in the kettle, but he's a manch.
And Michelle, I mean, she just, she just watched.
She just watched the crowd.
The queen.
Yeah.
Put her arm.
See, actually when they shook hands with her, I was kind of shocked because I don't think you're supposed to do that either.
I guess she does shake hands, I don't know.
You're not supposed to touch the queen.
You're supposed to just touch the hand.
Just grab it very gently, not shake it.
Oh.
Oh, I've touched a lot of queens in my time.
I should just reach out and kick her in the nuts.
And that pasty old Prince Philip.
Oh, my God.
The Batonbergs.
That's what you're dealing with there.
What you see is not what you get.
And you British idiots that continue putting up with this garbage.
I mean, why why are you subsidizing this nonsense?
This lunacy.
Oh, the royal family.
The royals.
This and the roles and Prince Charles who's busy buggering the getting buggered by the hired hands, so to speak.
But the hire bugs.
What a can you imagine what goes on there in that royal panel?
I don't want to.
One can only begin to let's take some calls today to make a Kathy happy, not, not.
How about taking some calls today, not.
If you want to say something on an email, great.
Neil at nearodgers.com.
If you want to give me a show instruction, go away.
Or if you want to send me a link, Aaron Schultz sends me something.
Neil is the limbo of Miami question mark.
And then it's got oh, the newsmax.com thing.
You're boring.
Delete, delete.
You were right.
Oh, Barry Jackass says Ken Charles is confident with the new formatted chief channel.
He gave me this quote.
If I were WQAM or Waxi, I'd watch my back.
Yeah, that syndicated crap.
It's always made a real big dent in the market.
Not nothing.
I mean, nothing.
Michelle says morning, I was hoping that either you or George could answer this question for me.
A while back, I think it was an emailer talked about listening to your show on their iPhone.
At one point in time, your website said it would post those instructions, but nothing has been posted.
So if somebody remembers, they can tell me how to do this.
Take care of the show says Michelle.
How do you listen to the show on the iPhone?
It's very easy.
Yeah.
And you're not going to tell Michelle?
Yeah, well, there's an app.
You go to your app store and you search for the web streaming applications.
There's one that I can't think of the name of right now.
That's very popular and I'm sure somebody will email what that is.
Yeah.
Or you could just Google it, you know, streaming on my iPhone and all kinds of answers will come up.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, that's a way to do it, Michelle.
No expectations for us or from our website.
When are we going to clean up that website anyway?
Yeah, when are you going to clean up your website?
Boy.
Remember the fake that fake lady when we first started doing emails?
What was the name he was using?
I don't know.
Chester Cobble.
You have Chester Cobble plots.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm dying on the air.
There he was just a walking on the sea singing.
New I did it, did it, dumb, did it, oh.
He's a man from the land of calories singing.
New I did it, did it, dumb, did it, oh.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
He's good, he's good.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Some say he's the son of God.
Yes, they do, but there's other people thinking so odd.
Now, he's the reason that we have an Easter day singing.
New I did it, did it, dumb, did it, oh.
And he's the reason that all the Christians are singing.
New I did it, did it, dumb, did it.
They will praise him, praise him.
Kneel down, kneel down, praise him.
And kneel down, the man who wore a thorny crown.
New I did it, did it, dumb, did it.
Do you, I did it, is it?
Oh, yeah, do.
New I did it, did it, some he's the Jew.
New I did it, did it, dumb, he's the Jew.
New I did it, did it, dumb, he's the Jew.
New I did it, did it.
He's the Jew.
I'll tell you who I really liked on that religion list
was that one priest there in Rome, the Vatican.
Yeah.
Even though he was really spastic, I thought he was going to have a heart attack.
His face kept turning real red.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yeah.
That was talking about all the bull crap and, you know, the hell with it.
Yeah.
He was good.
A little bit too honest there, probably in the Vatican.
I probably didn't.
Beheaded him after that hole.
Spank him at least.
Give him a good spanking, they're bigger than that in the Vatican.
He's spanking, never heard anybody.
Oh, Barry, Jackass and Tom Jekyll, I'm sure are the same person.
Just foaming at the mouth today.
Barry, so I just changed the poll, by the way.
Oh, let me go.
Wonder radio, WUNDR.
Correct.
You may want to pass this long to Eric, he says it's a great app.
It can be used on most smartphones, iPhone included.
And he also said, in an earlier one, moments before, listening to WQAM on the iPhone now
with reality, now a reality with pocket tunes.
The app streams, serious XM as well.
One can listen to Howard Stern, the O'Rodgers, Dan LaBasterd, and Howard David, all on the iPhone.
Wow, what a combo.
Toto, toto, toto, toto.
Even the 11th turn is on there.
Who had a big drop in the number, by the way, this last trend, big drop.
Maybe they're destroying his show too.
Maybe they're sticking a bunch of stupid guests in there, and nobody wants to hear like they do to mad dog.
Oh, I wrote Windbag, you're crazy, Neil.
Everybody wants your I wrote Windbag talking about that crap.
I don't think anybody wants your I wrote Windbag.
Let me, let me take a survey.
Instant survey.
Do you want to hear I wrote Windbag ever?
No.
No.
And do I?
No.
I really thought about it too.
A thousand percent right there.
A million percent.
You can't do any better than that.
Revolved by this swill.
Here's the final tally on the other poll, 822 vote.
Generally, you get the absolute worst service at the DMV 200.
Walmart 130, post-orifice 112.
Kmart 77, 77.
I mean, everywhere you look, there's a 77.
Mm-hmm.
It's enough to make me want to play.
I promise I'll do something.
Hello again.
Hello again.
But I won't.
It's almost enough.
Kmart 77, Home Depot 65, Best Buy 47, McDonald's 32, Denny's 30,
Booger King 27, KFC 22, Target 15, Lois 15, Taco Smell 13.
Stakein Shake 12, Radio Shaq 11, IHOP 7 and Windy 7.
Now, they ever get the burgers straight now to Stakein Shake in South Florida.
I mean, they never had that problem in Tampa.
Stakein Shake was always great.
But they can shake in South Florida.
They're the ones, yeah.
The one location that I've never been to.
Oh, there's more than one.
Really?
There's the one right by my house.
They're on sunrise.
Yeah, that's the one I'm thinking.
Yeah.
The only one that I know about.
The burgers always were when they first started, they were always falling apart.
I don't know why.
Mm-hmm.
The shakes, though, are to die for.
Oh, my God.
You like to have the shakes that Stakein Shake?
I would like to shake.
I'm getting the shakes right now just thinking about it.
They got the best damn shakes.
But the burgers, I don't know.
We'll get a spy report.
Is that the only Stakein Shake is the one on sunrise, I think you're full of crap?
I don't know.
You just don't get around enough.
That's your problem because you have that damn roller skating ring.
Not that area.
To hell with what I'd be driving over there for.
That's what I'm saying.
You wouldn't be driving around over there unless you're stalking my house.
Right.
No, no, thank you.
Laurence Margolis is back.
He's been gone for a while.
All you e-mailers have been gone for a while.
We want you today.
NeilAtNeilRodgers.com.
Come up with your great A-material.
Or even great Z-material would be okay.
The day I was down 58 points.
I don't understand why it's only down 58 points.
Nothing I'm hoping against you crazy investor people.
You'll never guess who I have an e-mail from.
The fake big max from LaMaire.
It's about religious.
It's actually pretty interesting.
The fake big max.
Who are these people?
You talk about groupies.
My God.
Who would remember that?
A radio head.
Did you remember that when it would show up at IOD and say that I promise to give them
of t-shirts and all I craft?
Crazy bitch.
Yeah.
She was my aunt's neighbor.
She was the Akondo Commando in that building.
Socks with sandals.
What a scandal.
Laurence says if you ever want to go back to taking calls that's up to you.
No, I don't.
It's your show.
I'm not going to tell you how to do anything on the year.
What the hell do I know about radio other than turning it on and off and listening?
But I can tell you I'm grateful that you no longer take calls.
Yeah, me too.
I distinctly remember how many times you would take calls in a rapid far away.
Every line was not.
And not one of the callers.
Did anything other than to make noises with their mouths?
That was bad radio.
Definitely not part of the good old days of radio.
Whatever that means.
Fibromaghy and Mali in you, but your life.
And suspense.
Don't forget the suspense.
And gun smoke.
I remember the good old old days of radio.
That big white Philco radio I had with.
A.M. and shortwave.
No FM.
A.M. and shortwave.
He says at least with emails like this one you can choose to read it on the year or not.
And if George wants to take calls that's up to him too.
That's up to you George.
Thanks.
If listeners actually think that they have a real influence over what either one of you do
on here, that's really pathetic and they were living in a fool's paradise.
He says in a fool's paranoid, but I'm sure he made a fool's paradise.
You know paradise.
We're living in it.
We're so good.
And we're so good.
And then his contract ran out.
He said maybe I could help and they said get out.
Get lost.
Robyn says have you seen knowing with Nicholas Cage?
Seems to blast all the myths about religion also I really enjoyed it.
You might want to see it if you haven't already.
I never heard of it knowing with Nicholas Cage.
I'm not a big Nicholas Cage fan.
No, you know me.
I don't like to be the latest thing.
What?
From him that has eminent knowing.
It's in theaters now.
Oh, you haven't seen it though?
No.
And it blasts all the myths about religion?
I have no idea.
Well, God.
It's not the one I have to be about that.
It's like a Nosferatu kind of thing.
He finds this piece of paper with a whole bunch of predictions.
A Dracula kind of crap that I hate.
Nosferatu, Dracula.
Prophecy stuff.
I am Dracula.
Oh.
I would say that of all times I favor movie character with Dracula.
Even more than the Godfather.
Even more than Howard Beal.
Dracula.
Not a bad choice.
Yeah.
And I'm talking about the original Dracula.
Not the Frank Langell and all these other fake Dracula's, you know.
Christopher Lee.
Right.
Christopher Hitchens.
He was no mummy, but still.
Classy.
A Classy.
There was no mummy.
Oh, the mummy was funny.
Borus Karloff.
Yeah.
Them eyes.
We are going to the castle.
Anyway, if you haven't seen Dracula, the original one, 1932, I think,
1931 with the Bella Largoci.
A Braim Stoker is Dracula.
You haven't seen anything.
You haven't lived.
That was down 55 points.
Not all that bad considering everybody's out of work.
And I got that big email from Big Max from the fake, big Max from Fake Lamerica coming up.
Heavy.
Fuck, twat, Friday.
You bastards.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
My beliefs are what's required to avoid a length of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Why my religion advocates big tree and racial hate.
My religion's better than yours.
Huh?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
What we liked about it best, type on the voice and wear a dress.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
I speak of me.
We have no respect for women.
Drive a cab to make a living.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Jupa hapura spooky ghost.
We slider pates and dogs and goats.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Huh?
We will be decent until we never ever pay the damn price.
My religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now go Undoor to bother you.
Like Fuller brushes.
You are new to my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and sleight are bikes and get to marry lots of wives.
My religions's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
religion, my religion better than yours. We don't want to use our brains, we're
mindless living, come for it, my religion better than yours.
Man, man.
1047, 13 before 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM, happy Friday to April turd.
Why thank you.
And what happened with that Conficker virus? Nothing I guess, huh?
Right. Not to us anyway.
You think it was an April turd joke?
I don't know.
I don't either. Let me recommend all of you Heathens out there, religious, even with the
uh, youngsters in Torpeville, Mar.
Right.
Pretty damn good flick.
Some pretty good ammunition in there, although you know, like we said before, it's preaching
to the choir.
Right.
For me to be watching religious is just, I mean, what's the point?
Fun, funny.
There would be like me watching supernatural, you know, with Sam and Dean.
Hmm.
Can I have a good friend from growing up and still to this day is Tommy Norton who played
but on the TV series flipper.
God, I wonder if he's as ugly as he was when he was a kid.
Man, you're probably he's doing fine and is very successful.
A great actor appeared in the original music man and soaps after flipper lives in South
Florida, also a spokesperson for Amalite by Chorite.
Amalite is a precious and rare gemstone found only in one spot on the planet Caldery.
Did you know that?
I did not.
I got to blow my nose.
I'm just got the ass in it is cold.
It's almost over.
Oh, if what?
Nothing.
You.
Oh.
Oh.
God.
So much better now.
Good.
So a bud Tommy Norton played.
He'd bought on flipper.
He must have.
I wonder if he had a complex because Sandy got all the attention.
Good question.
Yeah, maybe maybe what's what you call a nose?
Whoever just sent me that email.
But he wouldn't tell.
So here's the latest very jackass email around the dial.
W Y and Z 940 AM switches to a sports format Friday night.
Tonight we'll carry only national talk shows Mike Greenberg and Mike Goliath.
6 to 9 AM Dan Patrick 9 AM to noon Jim Rome.
Roamey noon to 3 PM Chris Myers and Steve Harman 3 to 7 PM.
Peck Tros and money 7 to 10 PM and JT the break 10 to 2 and Fox sports soup to the 6 AM.
W Y and Z also carries heat and UF games.
Why would W Y and Z want to take on WQM and so night of the ticket and do it without
any local talk shows?
As Berry?
The progressive format was not doing what we expected revenue wise and we got the giant
names in sports W Y and Z W I.O.D. program director Ken Charles said the biggest thing on WQM
is Neil Rogers needs not sports.
Go into a sports bar mentioned Dan Patrick and Jim Rome and people know them.
Go into a sports bar mentioned George Sedano and you get a blank look.
The ticket Sedano who has a sizable following responded.
Who's Ken Charles?
He obviously knows who I am though said I don't say he left W I.O.D. after 7 years because
of Charles.
How do you like that?
They hate each other like poison like Tom Jica and Jolly Joe Bell.
I was interesting this morning when Joe asked me said who hates me worse.
Tom Jica or Jim Sarni?
And I have I have a email from the fake Jim Sarni in my pile here which I'll get to.
It's not as good as big Max from a mayor.
Anyway Ken Charles must be who to mind me if he doesn't know Joe Rosen's your man.
It's WQM Joe Bell crack.
What what what?
Charles said a local show might be headed depending on the economy and how the station is doing.
He said former 790 hosted Rosenberg cranch wards.
Steam would be on his short list but edit that Rosenberg has it on compete clause.
They'll keep him off the local airways until fall.
If at first you fail on someplace else don't worry they'll pick you up in the market.
They like figures.
If you fail across the street come on over.
Have you ever seen anything like it?
Never in my life.
It's a reward for failure if you fail really badly.
Oh we can't wait to get you on our air.
I thought I understood business and greed.
You know this isn't business.
Oh monkey business.
Right.
This one's fascinated with this one.
I mean the fact that they fail and they got one shares.
It's obvious that it's just a social club.
Because they don't care about the sport.
Social sports club.
This do you better get it right?
Well that's the nature of that.
Yeah.
A social sports fraternity and they keep recycling the same people over and over and over.
The same people who fail.
Me, foe and jerks and guilty in this one and that one.
My God.
It's unconscionable.
I here's one.
Oh yeah I thought you might find this amusing.
How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb?
Oh and it's got a whole list.
Pentecostal 10.
One to change the bulb and nine to pray against the spirit of darkness.
Presbyterians none.
Lights will go on and off at predetermined times.
This is not funny.
Roman Catholics none candles only.
So Randy who sent this to me thought I found it amusing.
It's weak.
Weak.
Sid Rosenberg spent this weekend in Hollywood attempting to pitch a brand new show.
He posted this video on his website.
Here's a link to it and I just deleted it.
Stop sending me links.
I'm not going to open them.
I'm not going to look at them.
You're wasting.
I mean you know if you got nothing else to do that's fine.
Kill some time I guess.
What part of don't send me attachments or links?
What part of that don't they get?
The don't part.
Oh.
Keith says.
Cayman says Walgreens is the worst.
You stand in line waiting for the old shlipper in front of you to dig out their coupons.
Oh, that's right.
He used to be records but records of course is long gone.
Now it's CVS.
Right.
They got the coupons for their depends and then they open another register.
The dolphins suck go bears as Cayman.
Well, that's that's very nice.
It would be like me saying that often suck gopats.
You know that's bad.
Here's one from Rob.
Hey, come on.
You're so in.
I think he means how come you know some of these people write on hasten they write crap.
Sure.
How come you're so into food?
I just noticed that you talk about food in a strange way.
Like eating is almost sexual with you.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it is.
Food is to eat.
It's not a hobby like you think.
It's not healthy to be so obsessed with eating.
Be careful man.
The shakes it's sick and shake are pretty bad.
Hogan now shakes for a good shake.
Oh yeah, you're full of crap.
The shakes it's sick.
That's why this guy's not in the food because his taste is in his plush.
In his tushy.
How come I'm so into food?
Yeah, let's take a poll on that someday.
Do you like food or not?
And in the South Florida, there'll be a whole bunch of people.
Oh no, we're not in the food.
Right.
And believe you me, food can be a better than sex in some cases.
There's great food and bad sex.
And then there's great food and no sex.
One thing about food, man, if you got a few bucks, it's a sure thing anyway.
Man he says, I found you by accident one day when I was 18
and borrowed my dad's card.
Phil Henry was on.
Next day, I tuned to 610.
I hear this funny dude again and I got you instead.
I try to hear it has changed my life.
Never believed in the furry tail-called religion, but I pretty much thought I was alone.
Thanks to you and the rest of your loyal fans.
I knew I was not alone.
Thank you, Neil God says, man.
P.S. say how to George for me.
Hi, George.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Paul says that's how religious a couple of weeks ago, I thought it was great.
It was almost unbearable to watch him rip into these people because a couple of times,
I thought he was going to be knocked out or killed by these religious nut cases.
I think it's awesome that somebody finally put something in the mainstream against religion.
Too many people are brainwashed in this world.
Thanks, Paul.
That's what Paul says.
Tracee says, oh my God, as far as knowing with Nicholas Cage, don't see this movie.
I saw it waste of time once, I saw it the waste time once every afternoon.
It was the biggest piece of crap ever, ever.
I thought, well, maybe it could be interesting if it was a random prediction story
where you get these numbers that are a guide to horrible disasters that happen throughout history.
Cage is an astrophysicist.
And I thought the movie would end up being a good combination of chaos theory and creepy
prediction ended up being a God movie.
Oh no.
In the end, the earth is decimated by a massive solar flare.
Why is this a spoiler?
I guess so.
I don't care.
But the thing that Cage's son in the movie is chosen by these beings,
angels or aliens to go up in his space with them.
And it goes on.
There should have been something in the previous that ended
when I could get into something and move about creationism.
So I could have avoided it.
Jesus Christ, love you, Neil says, Tracee, Len.
Thanks, Tracee.
I'm not going to see knowing.
First of all, Nick or Cage is in it.
And secondly, it's, you know,
movie sounds like it's a bunch of far-bison of crap.
This is the Neil Roger show.
It's your brain.
Please, it's your brain.
Any questions?
I got laid off from cheers today.
Chief Us, thanks a lot.
Every day, 35 years, now I cut the squat.
Get that heck out of my way.
Cause now I gotta go where I'm a non-per-not-a-name.
And the lines are quite insane.
I'll fill out forms and wait and see some
winner-unhelpful days.
This unemployment crap, I'll tell you, it's such a pain.
And if that shakht don't get to me,
they won't care for my complaint.
I used to work where everybody knew my name.
1102 at 560 WQM, the Europeans are thinking, boy,
this new president, he's a real mench.
Whatever that means.
Angela Merkel, she says, he's a man, not like Bush.
Remember Bush grabbed her boobies or whatever the hell he did?
He did something with her.
Backroad started running back.
We rubbed her shoulders.
Yeah.
And then he pulled her bra up over her head,
which I thought was amusing.
Here's the new pull.
Which of these things that used to be free makes the least sense to be paying for now?
A cup of ice water to restaurant 28.
Air for tires at gas stations 28.
That should be winning hands down your pants.
Gotta pay for air.
Yeah, I, yeah, when I voted for it.
Speaking of that.
Air for your tires.
I just farted really, really.
I mean, the genels so, so anxious, so grotesque.
I think that their bugs are dying.
Miles away.
Oh, and it's lingering.
It's just it's like hanging there lingering and lingering.
Some public restroom six.
Yeah, I voted for that.
Like in Germany, like in the train station in Cologne,
they got beautiful restaurants,
restaurants, but you got to pay to pay or take a dump.
And they got you go in there and they got like towel ladies and people and whatever.
If you got to put a, uh, a, uh, ero coin in the slot.
I wonder Sally Fitz has been there.
Correct them.
Maybe Meg Green has been there.
Maybe when she stands up, the coins fall out.
TV for.
Well, we, uh, yeah, TV used to be free, but I mean,
we only pay for cable now.
I don't write.
They're still free TV net zero one.
A space at a parking lot one road map,
sedge stations one extra toppings at fast food restaurants.
None.
Zero.
You really pay for extra toppings at fast food joints?
I guess it depends on what it is.
They always charge you for cheese.
But if you ask for like a double cheeseburger, hold a cheese.
Remember that story?
Yeah, that's just.
I don't know.
I just, I just can't relate to that kind of
cheapness and stupidity.
Oh, well, the big box you're making, fatso, you know,
what company votes we got on a pool?
77.
God.
Those were the days, man.
77.
Oh, and all the great stations had their own jingles.
CKW yesterday.
From 77, W-A-D-C.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
77.
That's how many votes we got.
Aren't you thrilled?
Yep.
Okay, let's get to this pile here because the pile is growing.
Some stuff is, you know,
is puking in here today.
And we've only really got to like one one 15 one 30.
Then we get horse racing intensive and lose the whole audience.
But that's okay.
Once your next appearance is Gulfstream, by the way.
Don't know.
Don't know.
Probably the end of next month.
We were doing it, you know, once a month.
Can I have this one?
Yeah, that's what I meant.
And what day did I tell you for the April 30th for the winter book?
Whoo.
Oh boy, they're going to be, you think there was pressure yesterday
with that trend.
According to that email I got from the Fig Burry.
You just wait.
When the winter book comes out, they're going to be people squeezing.
You think my fart just now was bad?
Oh, that was just a starter, a starter farder.
Well, thank goodness you're, you know, way up there.
Believe me, this, this would, even I can't stand it.
And I'm one of those people who usually enjoys the aroma when I'm alone of my own gas.
But oh, this was just two.
I don't want to go into it.
Good.
Nigel says one of my favorite parts in religious was when the fat white guy got up
and waddled out of the makeshift church and also when the crazies were pretending to speak in tongues.
Yep.
I'm going to look at it again after the show says Nigel.
Good thinking, Nigel.
Yeah, well, if this is what this documentary is all about,
I'm out here.
Yeah, I just, yeah, yeah.
Like, yeah, God forbid from being so to speak.
Somebody should challenge all your fairy tales that you've been brainwashed with.
Wouldn't that mind those ideas?
Yeah.
The truckers.
I thought myself with something of a rindwood truckers.
Careful.
Okay, here's all bunch of stuff about steak and shake, including one from Brandon and one of the,
this everybody.
There's all bunch of steak and steaks and shake.
You just don't know your food, mister.
You're not obsessed with food like I am.
Well, right.
But generally speaking, I don't get to that neck of the woods.
There's a step, Brandon says there's a steak and shaking plantation like you said.
One in Davie at Sterling and University.
And there was one in Pemberpine's corner of Pines and I had this, but just recently closed the
vid.
Chris says there's a steak and shake corner of Sterling University, which we just got through.
Hearing also, can you play the bit with Moe playing Hello again?
Thanks, Chris and Davie.
Well, we got a bit with Moe playing Hello again.
I think we do.
I think we do, yeah.
But I don't know which one it is.
Chicken Echo, no.
Yes, he'll tell us.
It's his crap.
He'll know.
He knows his crap.
It's one thing about most of us people.
Probably dogs.
No, I guess dogs don't.
Dogs go out in the yard for a snack, you know.
Yeah.
But humans, we know our crap.
Oh, Larry King.
Can just give us a great idea for promotion.
I appreciate him giving us ammunition to make some dollars.
Can run.
I have no idea what this is.
George Sedanar show and I just, it's a Twitter thing.
And I just believe that with another link, another link.
Paul Drake.
Remember, build right?
He was the radio guru, CKL.
Nobody that was build right.
He was the top 40 genius back in the day.
And then there was Paul Drew at CKLW.
Here's the PD.
He had like a switch.
And it was a big light bulb.
And he used to listen just 24, 7.
And if the DJ ever did something where he broke with a format or made some kind of a
boo-boo on the ear, the big light would go on, meaning Paul had pressed the button wherever he was.
How could they have had that kind of technology way back then?
That was like in the 60s, huh?
Paul Drew.
Anyway, this Paul, Paul Drake.
What was the guy's name in Pyramation?
Wasn't it Paul Drake?
I don't know.
You don't know?
Long time ago.
That was the Peri's private dick.
Paul Drake, I think.
Anyway, this Paul says, if you notice how many drugs have funny names,
should Viagra be called Boniva?
Ever smack into a wall while drunk?
Try Lipitor.
And the best party drug, Celebrix.
There's more, but this is dumb so far.
Still in Cloudy Chicago, this is Paul.
It's not Cloudy here.
It's pouring cats and dogs, man.
It's getting like crazy.
What?
Paul Drake was Peri Mason's private dick.
Told you.
And then there was a Delastreet.
And Delastreet, the actress who played Delastreet, she was the mother of the annoying kid guy
on the Great American hero that you hate that theme so bad for.
Yeah, what's his name?
Bill the cat.
William Cat, that's right.
Very good.
How'd you know that?
I watched that show.
That's embarrassing, but George watched some of it.
The greatest religiously religiously.
It was a silly red outfit, then he wore it.
Yeah, well, I'm a sucker for a red outfit.
I wonder if that was Magic Underwear.
Obviously.
Marr didn't spend too much time in the movie about the Mormons.
They took a few shots, but they made fun of the Magic Underwear too, but and Joseph Smith.
I mean, come on with like Jesus Christ, there's a name, but Joseph Smith, that's so boring.
My God.
Ron says, oh, he's defending Ira Windbag.
This Ron must be Ira.
Ira is very knowledgeable and much better than the others.
I'm a bit, yeah, he's really helping mad dog.
You know, see, Mandage's new, the guests are the death knell of talk radio.
He's been around a block a few times.
He was always vehemently violently against guests.
And he was always kicking ass.
And then as soon as our programming people started messing with the show,
and forcing him to put these ponderous, boring, repetitive guests on over and over again,
he's down to like a 1.1 in 2554 persons yesterday, a one for the great year, Mandage.
Can you believe that?
That's because these people, everything they touch the matter, how successful it used to be,
they destroy it, they butcher it, they murder it, they kill it.
Anyway, Ron says I'm a basketball fan.
He's the only person in this market who knows what they're talking about, including the hosts.
Now the sports agent in the morning, what else is his story?
Joe Rose sucks.
Now what is this?
Men girl pills save 81 percent, speaking of a vagrin bonivop.
It says maybe Joe and Jim together might be fair, yeah.
And don't you dare say that basketballs for fags, you bastard.
Oh, basketballs for fags.
Hey, Iran.
You're fairing.
He's got that silly hockey crap and trout or real man sport.
You hear the sirens?
I hear them.
That's because it's raining like hell.
I mean, even on a dry sunny day, they drive like crap here.
But when it's pouring cats and dogs,
oh my god, can you even imagine the kind of crap that's going out there, especially with
em old Chinese mom?
Have no clue how to drive.
No speaking English.
How can you drive if you know, speak English?
Madge says there's a stake in shaking, boi in beach by the mall.
There's a sonic right there and the coconut cream pie, shake it, sonic is out of this world.
That sounds good.
I don't want to get too excited about it because then that idiot will write
again, how come you're so into food?
You know, it's just so unusual.
Most people aren't into food.
I mean, these emails want one thing I'll say,
just when you thought you've heard everything stupid in your life,
you start reading these things in boy.
Because of course, at least I'm consistent.
Everything I do is wrong.
Errances, I'm sorry about sending you a link.
I've only just started listening to your show, so I don't know all your rules.
Living in the radio armpit that is Cincinnati,
kept me from finding out about your show until I heard Bubba Loves Punch,
mentioned that he admires you.
I tuned it online.
I have to say you're great.
Yes, I am.
I'm 19 and for some reason I prefer to listen to shows by
cranky older gentlemen, no offense like you,
Howard Stern and Mike Malloy.
I love radio and I'm pretty sure I was born too late.
The industry sucks and legends like you are getting harder to find.
So, Aaron, well, thanks Aaron, Aaron's 19.
Maybe he's going to send me like a naked picture or something.
Not of somebody.
Yeah, of somebody, some fake naked picture.
Something to cry about you, bastard.
I'm the type of guy that sings and I'm a bum.
So, I just said to you that you are C-U-M-E dumb.
I'm the type of guy with my leaving and my barbing.
I only lost one fight and the rich is name with robbing.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down in a minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare.
Just because I keep all my chash and don't keep hair.
I'm the type of guy under a public just attack me.
And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy that's where I'm hitting the stage and we'll keep your blood.
I'm the type of guy who robbing, give them some robbing,
keep your blood.
Yes, I'm the type of guy next fight comes to my face.
I'm gonna keep you more less.
I'm the type of guy don't get to me.
I'm gonna keep your blood.
1118-560 WDQM.
Happy Friday to you from all your criminals of QAM.
Kevin says, really, I don't understand how you guys have any ratings at all.
I was slightly older car with obviously old radio.
With a weak signal, probably like many people in South Florida.
I start to lose your signal around 595 northbound on the turnpike.
The 790 signal goes pretty decent up to Delray.
I prefer to listen to you in Mad Dog on QAM,
but I'm forced to switch to LeBasterd at this 595 northbound point.
I guess my point is yourself and other good WQM guys,
Mad Dog compete with 790 in the same market.
But it's really not the same market because yours is about 40 miles shorter going north.
In other words, our signal sucks, it blows.
But Charlie Joe this morning said,
but I mean, but I mean, but I mean,
did he lay all your fears this morning about the signal or not?
I feel so much better now.
I feel great.
Yeah.
I don't know what the league said.
You said it, but I mean, but I mean,
pop up. Yeah, we're doing this.
We're doing it.
Very high priority.
And if you live long enough,
I had a low pass.
It sounds like you're getting better.
Your voice is almost back to it's manly pitch.
Oh, yeah.
If you can dig up this track,
can you sing happy birthday to me today is my day.
No, I don't sing happy birthday for anybody.
Ida, can you sing happy birthday?
Are you ready for that?
Can you?
There you go.
That's what we give out to everybody.
Ida, and if that's not good enough, happy birthday.
Since it's my birthday, can I take a stab at a joke?
I thought was funny.
And then she goes on about it.
You hear the one about, oh,
have a great weekend too, Ida.
Bye bye.
Bye bye, honey.
Wow.
Oh my god.
Oh, Ephraim sends me this bizarre picture, bizarre.
I'm not even going to forward it to him just to leaving it.
Strange.
Oh, here we go from juice about the conficker.
Corn flicker.
Yeah.
Let me print it out.
It's long.
My kind of email, man, may not be good, but it's long.
Kill some really excellent time.
Sam says regarding the steak and shakes,
the one in coconut creak cross from the Seminole Casino is good again.
You are right.
For about two or three years, they all went in the crapper with the burger meat,
but they might be making a comeback.
It's good again.
Good to go.
Coconut creak cross from the Seminoles.
Sean says, not sure if you guys mentioned it,
but steak and shake is right across from Gulfstream.
Now, how could you miss that?
Easily?
You're just not very observant, you know?
Probably not.
And Jane, who's generally, Jane from Dear Field, do you know Jane?
Yeah.
She's a regular.
She's a wonderful person and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi,
and they were still afraid trained, but she sends me an article that goes on
page after page after page,
droppings that don't go to waste livestock manure can be used to produce electricity
and that process can help reduce greenhouse gases.
Oh, my God.
This goes on in teeny tiny print for our 100 pages.
And Jane says you should add to rate radio to your poll.
Yeah, that's right.
Radio always used to be free.
And now there's some radio you got to pay for.
So if you want to put it on their fine,
if not, that's okay too.
I did it.
Jane says the following article tells the power of bowel movements.
Just think if we harness the power of Jimmy Carter, what?
The power of something that Jimmy Carter actually gave us to
tax breaks for this crap technology, but we can get rid of them.
I don't know why she did it all over the place.
And it goes on and on and on.
The power of pig poop.
Okay, better you than me, Jane.
I'm not reading about pig poop.
Let's see.
Jew says just wanted to give you a little info on this virus scare.
First off, conflictor is technically not a virus.
It's a Trojan or worm.
Thousands of PCs have been infected with this worm for months
without knowing it.
The worm has been sitting idle, just waiting for April.
First to come around so it can activate itself.
This is how it works.
One, hackers set up master computer.
Two, they set out these sleeper programs for months,
trying to infect the largest number of computers possible.
Three, then when they are ready, they'll use the master computer to
simultaneously connect all sleeper computers to the master.
Four, now they have a network of computers working together
to perform a task and or feeding the master information
from all the sleepers.
This network of computers is extremely powerful and dangerous
if left in the wrong hands.
The hacker could lease their new network of computers to criminals
who want to use the computing power to perform cybercrimes
or just steal information from the sleepers
themselves like passwords, credit card numbers, etc.
If you've seen Star Wars Episode Three,
which sucked ass by the way, think of the scene where the evil Sith
said execute order 66.
All those clones were friends of the Jedi until they heard that phrase in their
headsets, then they started killing them.
That's sort of what's happening now.
Long story short, the threat is real your computer could be sending
or using a small percentage of its CPU power to assist in a bigger cybercrime
right now. You wouldn't even know it.
Proreligious, it was a great movie and I really love your show.
I wish I could contribute more, but I'm working on after
right you're only when nobody's looking.
Well, that's fine. That was helpful, wasn't it?
Yes, very much.
About configure and flicker and my friend flicker.
But the thing that we need to know is, what do we need to know?
You know, what can one do and is it something that you have to do to yourself?
Like viruses, you know, you have to run something that you shouldn't be running.
Open a file that you shouldn't be opening.
That's how that works.
Is this the same thing or are we just, you know,
I have heard nothing more about it.
And since today's April turd and the big
Simist was going to be April Fool's Day, maybe it just all wasn't the
April Fool. Who the hell knows?
We'll be too embarrassing for them to admit that now if they got everybody all whipped up.
Oh, we were we were ahead.
We were punked.
Et cetera.
For a lot of stuff about steak and shake, you really got to have started because of your obsession with food.
Sorry.
Fatboy and Laudie says there's one around Saga Rast,
Malnext to Walmart.
Yeah, that's what we're talking about on Sunrise Boulevard.
That's what I said.
Listing you on online.
Love you, Neil and the you tour hey, keep up the great work.
Yeah. Fatboy and Lauderdale.
Yeah, we don't know about the one nearby my house.
Oh, the real Stan major don't tell me.
Oh, this is a different one.
Your last pull worth service establishment,
DMV was the late edition would have been triple the result had it made it on list early.
Well, time for a drink of a diet sprite.
No, it's not seven up. Excuse me.
Steven Jersey says I was the guy who just referenced double cheeseburger whole to cheese.
McDonald's doesn't have double hamburgers.
The Spanish counterstep down the street here can't get the brains around the item
since it's not on the menu.
So I order the double cheese, hold the cheese.
I'm not cheap, same price.
Just don't want that crap American cheese.
I love the amicadise double cheese, okay?
Steve, sorry.
They then understand turn to the food worker,
slapping burgers together behind the meal.
No question, no queso.
So I actually get what I wanted.
What a concept, Steven Jersey.
Whatever, whatever turns you on, whatever cranks you were a change to you.
Hold the cheese.
I'll have a salami sandwich on rye, hold the bread.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah, it makes no sense to me.
What's a cheeseburger without cheese?
You get it?
I understand that they don't have a double hamburger.
Yeah, well tell them to make a double hamburger.
Or better yet, buy two hamburgers and just slap the meat together, okay?
Steve, have a mashup.
Yeah, make a mashup and slap it together.
Oh, no!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
It's fucked to our Friday, you bastard.
I'm sure.
One more time and I'll blow my brains out.
Why ask you, I'm sure.
Are you sure?
I have everything that you do.
Whenever I love you, or hear you,
it's delete.
I want to die.
Most of the questions it keeps asking me.
Are you sure you want to shut down?
Are you sure you want to empty trash now?
Yes, I'm sure.
And how quick yes and kiss my hand.
Bratum.
Yes, I'm certain.
Oh, baby, I could land my mind's made up.
Why would I put it at all?
Are you really sure?
Uh-huh.
Yes or no?
It's constantly asking.
Yes, I'm really sure.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Don't ask me.
Let's start.
1133, 27, I'll know to QAM.
We got our big pick-up pony thing coming up later.
No information about that second race.
No.
I mean, on my emails.
Why, why did you say no?
Because one do you?
Oh, one's in a great while.
Okay.
Not very often.
Right.
If one thing these people in this audience know nothing about
its horse racing,
Taki,
all of these things.
Radio.
Let's see.
Your pal Tim says, my pal.
Stake and Shake on 441 is just north of Samper Road,
not far from Penn Dutch Meets in Coconut Creek.
Have a wonderful Passover.
And here is the $80 billion question.
Is Jeff sending George some Matsapizza?
I'm sure he's not.
He would if we asked.
He would if you asked,
but you can't talk about it on the air.
Well,
I mean, he would do it as a friend, I guess,
because you know.
But I'm not going to be here next week anyway.
Then these were my.
I'm not going to be there.
Right.
No thing I'm going to be there any week.
Although it might be interesting to see those new studios.
Well, when is that taking place?
May?
Something with them.
Yeah, when the cow jumps over the moon,
they tell me.
Boy, look at, look at this bill below.
Sends me a whole listing.
4120 North State Road 7,
crawl springs.
There's a stake in Quake.
900 South Federal Highway.
There must be the one in Hellenayl Cross from Gulf Stream.
5790 South University Drive in Davy.
125 41 West Sunrise Boulevard
and sunrise right by the sod rest, right by my house,
right by, um,
watch over your money bank.
So here's that email from Big Max from the mayor of the fake big
Max from the fake LaMaire.
Haven't heard that name in a long time, have we?
No. Subject, religious.
Good morning, Neil.
My three favorite parts of religious were as follows.
Number three, the Vatican priest who was seemingly knows that religions all
a bunch of bubble miceys,
based on how he was trying his best he could from laughing his ass off,
as some of the presumptions made in the Bible.
I thought this part was fake,
but apparently no, that priest is for real,
and it's still athovatican good for him.
I liked him a lot, even though he looked like he was going to like
have a stroke any second.
How about that other priest that the mar was talking to when he said,
um, he was making some kind of analogy,
he said, oh yeah, that's like a gay Republican.
And the priest got all red in the face, oh, I'm not going to go there.
Oh, remember that?
Yep.
Oh, yeah.
Number two, all parts of the film that took place in Florida,
there's a shock,
mugwump central,
reformed homosexuals, religious theme parks, the whole nine yards.
Oh yeah, that religious theme park, holy land, that was really something.
That guy, that Jesus guy?
Yeah.
I particularly enjoyed the crucifixion of Jesus at the theme park,
combined with a plotting audience and planes flying overhead.
I wonder how many planes were flying when Jesus was a christian,
crucified?
How many do you think?
About third, man.
Oh, at least.
And I bet you one of them was that same plane that alien saw when he was in the
Amerigrecius backyard, remember that?
The plane.
The plane.
The plane.
Take me back to Cuba.
Oh no, that's not what he said.
Oh yeah, take me back to Cuba.
No, no.
And number one in the opening scene at the trucker,
champelan roly north, Carolina.
I'm convinced that the illiterate inbred trucker who walked out on
mar was in fact, jolly jobell.
I don't know what jolly jo looks like, but in my nightmares, that's him down to the last ton.
Now that didn't look anything like jolly jolly joe's got white hair.
Right.
And his fat, but short, stocky and fat.
Right?
Right.
Squat.
He's a squat guy.
He's squat.
Squat joe boon.
A lot.
Does he squat a lot?
Just this morning.
Well, he was talking to you.
Yeah.
He said, but it be better, but it be better, but it be better, but it be.
Unfortunately, his big max from the mayor, this documentary was preaching to the choir.
And I would say you are absolutely correct.
Man, just like with Michael Moore's documentary, most of the audience is already on the right
side or the left side.
The people who truly need to see these films that their eyes opened, assuming there's even
the slightest activity going on in the space between their ears, which they're probably
is not.
Never will watch it.
They'd be excommunicated from their church, their country club, etc.
For even considering viewing such commie pink or leftist homo filth, as Roba Young would have said,
we're all doomed.
His never Roba Young said we're doomed.
He did.
He was right.
That bandit Paxton.
Yeah, he might have been a drunk, but he had his finger right on it.
Robi?
Yeah.
He was a drunk.
Now he's a dead drunk.
He had his finger right on some young guys too.
Did he really?
Oh, yes.
I have no idea.
I don't know if his finger, but he's the shlup this broad around with him.
Did he really?
Towards the end there, yeah.
Everybody's got a beard.
I see.
It's just I wish kind of wish Bill Mar was the right wing religious nut instead of a lefty atheist.
I really don't want him to be.
I don't want to be in with him with such an ass clown, but alas.
As Roba Young would say, we're all doomed twice for good measuring there.
A fake big max from LaMaire.
Thanks, fake big max.
That's pretty interesting crap.
It's a good movie.
It's worth seeing.
That's not great, you know.
And like I said, it's preaching to the choir.
Those of us who know that all this religious crap is evil, horrible.
Death and destruction and ignorance.
See teased as hay follows been working a lot lately.
Haven't had the time to check it and say hello.
Speaking of which I'm working over here now by Nova.
And so that pizza loft is pizza loft.
Plas is really just that now.
It's a big shopping center and the only thing still in business there appears to be them.
Whatever happened to your show in them.
I was one of your hub couple's contest couple years back and our prize was a gift certificate for dinner there.
I thought the food was great.
Anyways, happy Friday to your CT.
The food is great.
So he's a little of a big shopping.
I don't know what that means.
Do you?
Yeah.
The pizza loft is in a shopping center.
No kidding.
And I guess the lot of shopping center.
Yeah, I guess there's not much going around.
Nobody's starting to give him some free plugs to think he's going to bring you some lots of pizza.
Okay.
He would.
I know.
Because he's a good guy.
Yes.
Loads.
And I think deep in his heart of hearts.
We hide those anal those pencil thin anal vibrators.
I think he still loves us.
Of course he does.
Fat boy and Lauderdale is back.
Steak and shake is good if you like Wendy served by a waitress.
But whatever happened to the fudruckers.
Those were good.
Other than paying for cheese or bacon.
The other toppings were free and where are they now?
They're out of business now.
That's why.
Probably too many people steal and too many toppings.
And too many buttered buns and too many bad bowel movements.
Oh, Neil!
Yeah, it's quieter.
You were still.
Lauderdale.
I thought Kristi and the tea was fairy tales.
This religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
And let me in for a free.
I don't like the idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speak in tongues.
They got me believing my tongue is weeding from side to side.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
The Lord will now embrace me.
I've let my tongue to the feet.
So shall I hear from him.
Now whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Cause now I speak in tongues.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
That makes me a believer.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
And I'm having fun.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Playing around with my mouth.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
I speak in tongues.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Okay, 11.47.13.
The noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Pedro says,
Domino is dishes out.
11.000 free pizzas by mistake.
Ask me if I would take one.
Yeah.
Would they, if they give it to you for free,
would you take a domino's pizza?
Yeah.
Really?
Would you eat it?
Yeah.
Boy, after all these years,
well, let's see who's this?
Oh, fake Tom Jikka says,
as for Arab America,
it isn't succeeding anywhere,
including even more liberal New York,
where Russian Hannity cleaned their clock.
My take is his Tommy.
There's a simple reason why.
Conservatives have few places to hear their views ratified
and discussed.
This isn't the case with liberals
who have the network newscast,
MSNBC, CNN, NPR.
This is from the real Tom Jikka,
and most mainstream newspapers
and sync with them.
They also have the White House
in both houses of Congress.
They don't need a radio network
to alphmaster whoever that is.
None of the old W.Y.N.C.
is doing well on the ticket.
The station's big success
to raise Dan La Bastard,
other than his show,
ratings range from modest to awful.
Awful.
The same is true with WQM
with accepted Joe Rosaniel,
who doesn't do sports.
Posted by the real Tom Jikka.
How do you like that?
Our little buddy, Tommy.
You got a friend.
And Tom Jikka hates Joe.
Well, they hate each other like poison.
An incredible hatred.
That's true.
Now, I forwarded to you something.
On a picture.
You got it?
Yeah, let me do my thingy.
Got it?
No.
It said, is this a Mr. Radio?
Is it John Z.TR or whatever?
I guess that's from Twitter, I don't know.
I guess these chronics
are all a Twitter about Twitter.
We don't have anything to do with Twitter,
nor will we ever.
I don't mind any part of it.
No, thank you.
The Myspace experience was bad enough.
I don't recognize that person.
I don't either.
It looks like Davey Gravy lines
have twin brother.
Yeah, younger.
Much younger twin brother.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, a poll suggestion on a facts
that you just fashed me.
Amazing, huh?
Most people of own guns are blank.
Perfectly normal, just a bit of skew,
totally psychotic and or paranoid,
ashing for an excuse to legally blow someone's crap away,
or ticking time bombs ready to go postal
given the right or wrong condition.
I think everybody should have a whole bunch of guns.
Little kids, angry people, crazy people, and everybody.
Because that's what the world's all about.
Crazy people with guns.
Oh, gee, somebody shot somebody.
I can't believe that.
That was not only 25 points,
and there's more sirens, you hear it?
Yes.
As soon as I said it, they shut it off.
I hear them.
Well, they just started it again.
Wow.
Wow.
Baylau was the magic word
as Dominoes had to give away thousands of free pizzas
because someone stumbled on
an online promotion their company had scrapped.
Dominoes Pizza ain't spokesman Tim McIntyre said Wednesday
that the company prepared an internet coupon
for an ad campaign that was considered
but not approved in December.
He said somebody apparently typed bailout
into a Dominoes promotional code window
and found it was good for a free medium pizza.
Word about the code spread quickly,
Monday night on the web.
11,000 free pizzas were delivered before was deactivated Tuesday morning.
11,000.
Since the netting area,
franchise owner John Glass said his 14 stores
gave away more than 600 pies
but that Dominoes promised to reimburse him.
600 pies.
Pizzites of pizza.
A silver of a slice.
From now on.
Imagine if Mo knew that they were giving away free pizza?
Wow.
Oh, for me.
What a buzzer.
Oh, juice is back again to clarify.
I'm sorry I mentioned this thing about this configure
because it's very difficult.
Well, in case I'll read two of these to you.
Please.
For those sirens, just are not stopping.
Rang, rang, rang.
You hear it?
I hear it.
Wow.
Juice is the sleeper program I talked about before
could come from any number of sources, email websites, etc.
One of the characteristics of this worm is that it blocks communications to
popular security websites.
So try to run a Windows update by opening Internet Explorer,
click tools and click Windows Update.
If you can successfully update, you're probably in good shape.
Also try to manually update your anti-virus software.
The worm will undoubtedly block access to semantics live update.
So if that's failing, you might be infected.
I would suggest going to the semantic website.
I would link it, but I know how much you hate that.
And read there how to check if you're infected by a corn con-fickure section.
He keeps writing con-flicker.
It's not flicker, okay?
My friend flicker, but not flicker.
Boy, release is not writing something else.
Okay, thanks, juice.
And Ray says, I'm no computer expert, but from what I understand,
there are thousands of computers currently infected with this worm.
Oh, beware, the wicked worm, the wonder worm.
What is that bit?
Is that called the wonder worm?
No, it's the worthers.
Worthless wonder worm?
Worthless original chocolates or something?
Worthless?
I know you spelled that.
Or I bet it's spelled raw or I bet spelled W-G-R.
Huh?
Because we be in a bottle.
I don't think we can say that.
Here you go.
Worthless original.
I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather.
It was Worthless original, and I was more.
I remember it like it was only yesterday.
Hey, Billy, let's play a game.
What?
Guess what I've gotten my bucket.
A piece of candy.
Eh?
Guarded by a snake.
Right good.
Gramp, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Okay, let's play find the candy and the crevice.
Oh, Gramp, I don't want to know when you put it there.
Yes, those games with Gramp are scarred me for life.
Which is why now that I'm the Gramp, father,
I'm scaring a whole new generation with Worthless original.
Hey, Timmy, say hi to Wet Willie, the Worthless wonder worm.
Oh, no, not the Wonder worm.
Worthless original.
Giving children nightmares for over 60 years.
Anyway, these instructions were supposed to be delivered on Wednesday, but that doesn't
mean that whatever it's going to do was going to happen on Wednesday.
The instructions received may have said a date in the future when the
warmer is supposed to attack your computer.
Oh my god.
From what I've been told, if you can type in the Web address from McAfee,
Norton or other antivirus companies in the address bar on your computer,
your computer is not infected.
If your computer is infected, it blocks your computer from accessing the antivirus sites.
I hope there's either comms, some nerves, or freaks, some people out if they discover they have an
infected computer, says Ray.
If you can type in the Web address from McAfee, Norton,
should I try it?
I just did.
And did it work?
Yes.
What did you type in?
Norton.
Just type Norton up there and hit Enter.
It'll take you to Symantec.
Uh-oh.
Oh, there it goes.
More real slow.
And I just went to McAfee.
Symantec store.
And it's still still going there.
So there.
What?
I said so there.
But it's not opening yet for you.
No.
Uh-oh.
Oh, there it is.
Norton.
Norton.
Norton products protect your, oh, thank God, that long pause, my God.
Panic sit in.
I'm thinking of myself.
Oh, my God.
The last thing I need is a Conflicker.
Cornfucker.
That's the last thing I need.
171 votes on the pool.
Which of these things that used to be free makes the least sense to be paying for now.
Air for your tires of gas station.
71.
Cup of ice water at a restaurant.
43.
TV.
22.
Some public restrooms.
11.
Got a pay to pay.
Radio 10.
A space at a parking lot.
Six.
Net.
0.3.
Roadmaps of gas stations.
Three extra topping that fast food restaurants.
Solementate dose.
But that was only down 27 points.
Not so bad.
Oh, no.
And also, I'm a bit maddened.
And whenever I am in Miami, I listen to Neuroratchers.
But at the one hour.
Wow.
I got 100 bucks for a pot of gold.
And all I had to do was trap a leprechaun.
In these tough economic times, extra beer money is always welcome.
And you can get it with cash for pot of gold.
It's so easy.
Follow a rainbow.
Capture the leprechaun and send them in.
That's right.
Just send us the leprechaun in the insured refiner's return pack.
And we'll use CIA proven enhanced interrogation tactics to find out the location of the pot.
And in just two days, I got a check.
Thanks, cash for pot of gold.
So catch a leprechaun today and convert him into gold hard cash with cash for pot of gold.
I've only got 4,000 different emails about the Greg Butyl thing.
One from a leisurely him and Tom Chica.
And this one, I don't care about you and neither does anybody else in this market.
Okay, Greg, go away.
Nobody cares about Greg Butyl.
Do you?
No.
Neither do I.
That's 2 out of 2.
Batten a thousand again.
The real one, the fake one.
Anyone that look like?
To make believe one.
Here is that's one.
God.
Just desperately.
Like a lot of these other chronics.
Reaching out.
Oh, please, please pay attention to me.
Please pat me on the head and tell me you care.
I don't care.
Mount Gumbry Alabama.
My ass.
Steve says we love you.
We're driving to Florida for vacation in a few hours.
Have you mentioned a radio app that would allow us to listen to your show?
Please reply to this email with the name of that app.
Keep up the good work all the best to you.
What's the app?
Wonder Radio.
With this WUN.
Wonder Radio.
See.
See this?
Oh, put it away.
Oh, we sure got a big pile of stuff here of manure.
God.
We got 185 votes on that new pool.
Not that I care, but do you care?
No.
We're mainly going to get into today.
It's Friday.
It's a pickup pony day.
How many things we got left on the...
Neils do you?
Why haven't you got a 40-647?
Looking at it now.
Are you?
Don't tell me.
Okay.
I was.
Don't tell me because it's no fun if you tell me.
Because I'm making the effort to go find it.
Sometimes you go find it and then you're sorry that you found it the first place.
Well, what's going on here with my...
With this website, Borishead.
Big ad for...
You know who that is?
Richie from Borishead.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
And then the whole QAM.com thing goes dark.
This is your buddy at Josh Corpus again.
47 we got left.
Still.
For Primavera.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay, they're there.
$2.25 is a difference for 25 bucks.
They are there if you want some.
First key says, but we haven't heard from first key in a long time, have we?
Nope.
Now do you think first key is for real?
Nope.
Well, who would make up a name like that?
Anyone?
Me?
Hi, Neal and George.
I ate a foot record on Monday at the shops at Pembroke Gardens in Pembroke Pines.
And let me say it was one of the best burgers I've had in the while.
And the buttered bun made it even better.
Yummy stuff.
Don't know why they ever closed the one in sunrise.
Didn't they have some kind of cleanliness issues if I can put it lightly?
I don't know.
I think so.
I could be wrong about that.
But it's been closed a while, quite a while.
I think too many people were eating the buttered buns and having real explosive situations, you know?
Oh, I can.
And you know how close I lived to that location used to be?
And I'd have a tough time making it to the house.
Yeah.
If I ate one of those, I liked them just great.
They were delicious.
And I loved that squeeze cheese, whatever that stuff was.
Toppings were great.
And I still say that restaurant.
What else is the name of it again?
Cactus Lounge, okay?
In Vancouver.
Where they have the appetizers with the three little tiny cheeseburgers with the red relish and onion.
Oh, those are to die for.
And I didn't say, oh, I have the mini cheeseburgers hold the cheese.
Can you imagine a look?
I would have gotten if I would have said that.
Yeah.
And let me have the mini cheeseburgers, but hold the cheese.
Uh-huh.
I bet you Josh Friedman knows how to hold the cheese.
Heath.
He holds the one.
Ever were talking about Heath the other day?
Yeah.
Heath is all over the place.
Great movie on last night.
State of Grace.
Well worth your time.
He says, great line.
The only way to forget a woman you love is to marry her.
Cute.
Isn't that cute?
Heath.
That's your buddy Heath.
Yeah, I know.
Name the candy bar after him.
I can't find those here, though.
Probably just as well.
Yeah, I'll say.
What?
Well, I can't, I've never been able to make up my mind which are like better, which I'm addicted to more.
Score candy bars or Heath.
Yeah, you'll probably kill yourself trying to figure out which.
They're very similar.
They're both toffee, Jess.
Real hard toffee and they're both delicious, real sickeningly sweet.
Buzz Burbank with another incoherited email I came in yesterday last night.
Congratulations on your recent success amidst all the clutter beyond all the obstacles, aside
from all the static, the goals have been set.
Keep your head down.
Let the flag pass.
Those goals are well within reach now.
I'm sure you know if you try to please everyone someone's bow not to like it and if you're not criticized, you most likely aren't doing much.
Remember all those offering advice have yet to achieve a fraction of your success.
This is no accident.
Good luck is nice, but it's your talent that's gotten you this far.
Keep an eye on those around you and again trust your gut instincts.
Best wishes.
Buzz Burbank.
Like that. Does that make any sense to you?
No.
Keep an eye on those around you.
Yeah, look around right now.
Well, I don't see anybody.
Ain't nobody around me.
That was down 15 point.
Not so bad when you consider that the jobless rate went zooming up to 8.5%.
Another 663 jobs lost in March.
The highest unemployment rate since 1983.
The Labor Department's reported fresh evidence of the total recessions inflicted on America's workers and companies.
Most economists expected job cuts will continue for much of this year.
The latest tally of job losses released Friday was slightly higher than the 654th.
Thousand that economists expected.
Oh, Ben Schmiegel's going to be sending me another email.
You are so gross and I think I used to look up to you.
I think that whole John's ETR thing.
I think the whole thing is a scam.
Yeah.
Since the recession began in December 2007,
the economy has lost a net total of 5.1 million jobs with almost two turds of losses occurring in the last five months.
The number of unemployed people climbed to 13.2 million in March.
In addition, the number of people forced to work part-time for economic reasons rose by 423,000 to 9 million, like us or part-timers.
That's people that would like to work full-time, but whose hours were cut back or were unable to find full-time work.
We got Saurus, baby. We got real Saurus.
Pray to the Lord, put your hands together and pray. Works like a charm.
Not.
Yeah, watch religious, please.
I'm so glad you sent that to me because I never would have gone out and gotten it on my own.
Oh, that's the only way to watch movies anymore.
Yeah, for free.
The fake Jim Sarni says, my sources that know Sid, meaning Sid, the kid Rosenberg, say he met with Joe Bell and it was very productive.
It seems Joe has a thing for Sid.
This was a parent early on when Joe would call in to Sid's show.
I'm not sure why somebody who has a history of drug and betting problems would be a viable candidate for WQA.
I know they would dump big ol' in a heartbeat.
And Mad Dog's contract is up sometime next year, but the addition of Sid would be another poor decision.
Keep up the good work. Who do you like in the fifth race of Gulf Stream Day?
I have no idea. I don't, I'll be over there with Eddie K. Plungy, my brains out to fake Jim Sarni.
Now this could be the real Jim Sarni.
So I guess also didn't get along with Joe Bell.
Do you know anybody besides Clarence who does get along with Joe Bell in the building and in the business?
Oh, that's great.
Do a survey.
Take another one of those famous polls.
Boy, some of these stories I printed out, the print is so tiny.
Teeny, teeny tiny.
I mean, I could read them, but it's just, well here we go, Phil Arck.
Did he send us yesterday, I think? Yeah, and I never got to it.
Never got to it. Phil Arck. And of course he's a real expert.
He says, PPM is very inaccurate, especially when he considered the listening patterns of typical radio listeners.
We listen a lot in spurts. Stop and start sort of, so to speak.
In New York, when they started the PPM box system, the WABC's of the world got a huge spike in their ratings living in the traditional FM, R&B Latino stations in the dust.
Prior to the system's implementation of those ethnic stations had, let me say it again, prior to this, the system's implementation of those ethnic stations had dominated.
And that's surprisingly my opinion because they have large audiences listening to them.
The right wingers listen all day every day, they're marching orders and talking points and very rarely switch to the diabolical stations.
If 610 all of a sudden becomes the number one station, I'd be very suspicious.
Wouldn't you, the ratings should reflect the amount of people listening at one time and not the amount of listening done by one single listener.
Well, whatever that means. Do you understand what he means?
Yes.
What?
I don't think that they have it down.
The people meet or measures what one person is listening to, but that's the same as the diary. That measures what one person is listening to.
Assuming they're doing it accurately.
Filsters, I know I've told you to bet on the chalk, but apparently you've misunderstood what I said.
You're right, you don't make money betting on the chalk.
What I've tried to tell you is to use the chalk in your bet, my banking and exotic bet using the chalk and gulps in.
I hate to break the news to you Phil, Mr. Rexpert.
We aren't doing exotic bets.
The pick-up pony thing is $50 to win on whatever horse I pick.
That's the contest, okay?
So you can, you know, in your mind reinvent all this other crap. Just bug off.
Use the chalk in your bet.
Oh!
He says, I'm getting worried about the Canadian.
790 needs to reduce its show schedule and run paid programming in the mornings.
Make money and reduce cost.
Now I think about QAM should do the same thing for their mornings, afternoons and some nights.
Says Phil Arck.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
Phil, I've come to the conclusion you're a boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob bo
We received several calls regarding the Twitter threat. San Jose Police Department Public Information Officer Germain Thomas told ABC News.
We located the subject and that person was un-angered. Thomas said we did take the person into custody for evaluation. In other words, like that.
Thomas declined to disclose the identity of the individual. It confirmed she was female. He confirmed that she was female.
He said more had not been in touch with authorities. Thomas logged with the social networking. Said as being a potentially useful tool in future investigations.
This Twitter concept is so new. This is the first time it's led us to what could have been a very real crime. He said this could be another tool to find out what's going on out there.
Could have been a real crime. She was going to commit suicide. Is that a crime?
Yet is. And the eyes of the Lord. ABC News.com's email the Morris Public System to confirm her in Rahman was not immediately returned.
But the actress posted an update on her Twitter feed. It's my understanding that the situation was not a joke and that through the collective efforts here action was taken to provide help.
She said more as husband actor action kuchi kuchi kuchi kuchi kuchi also tweeted about the attempted suicide on his own side.
Why if he reported a suicide attempt based on a reply tweet she got and saved someone's life. The woman is in the hospital.
Now he wrote. Twitter also did not immediately respond to requests for a comment regarding the incident.
More is the latest celebrity to make news via Twitter. A fashion designer found a lawsuit against Courtney love last week claiming the rocker used the micro blogging
network to disseminate an obsessive and delusional crusade of malicious libel against her.
When Lance Armstrong crashed his bike during racing. Spainingly March his Twitter followers found out about his broken collarbone before much of the rest of the world.
These seven time Twitter friends champ also used Twitter to post a photo of himself in a hospital minutes before he was wheeled in a surgery.
Morris husband kuchir is one of Hollywood's most avid Twitter users posting a following of more than 600,000.
He posted a photo of Moore's age to find behind on his Twitter feed in March along with the message.
Shh don't tell wifey wifey. Oh my god. What is this world coming to?
Huh? And that's what they said in a religious last night. That's right. Coming to an end. The end days are near.
The end days are near. All my life. I've been hearing those same crazy. Well them in different crazy people screaming the same crap.
Oh, the end days. The douse down only 11.78 and multiple victims in shootings in hostages in Binghamton, New York.
Talking about a situation situation where the latest information that we have is that at least four people have been shot at the American Civic Association building there in Binghamton.
And the initial reports as you can see one person being brought out on the stretcher now. In fact, our understanding is that at least four people have actually been removed from the building on stretcher's taken to area hospitals.
We have no idea this point. Yeah, we have no idea. We have no clue. Binghamton, New York crazy people with guns at least four people wounded up to 20 hostages taken.
Now this is really fabulous. Christopher says hello. New yesterday went on the norm Kent radio website and it states the norm is on the 4 p.m. on 8.50 a.m.
Monday through Friday. There's a phone number that flashes through the web page for the call in line. I called it 4.30 and asked the board out.
How long is Norm show on the air? The board I've said he never heard of norm. There's no one on any time slot. A norm or even Kent is normal on the air.
So and when I don't think so. Hopefully not. I don't know. I don't hear from Norm anymore. He's a MIA.
Oh, if this is the same thing again. Oh, from the real stand major. This is the 6,000 time I've gotten this thing. Not interested.
Tom, Zika, fake or real? Don't care. Remember I read that to you before the show even started this morning.
Yep. How many thousand times have I gotten that email?
About 30, man. Yeah, between then and now. I guess the idea is that if they keep sending me the same crap over and over like the Greg Buegel stuff,
then I'm going to read it. There you go. What? That's right. Remember the facts. The same thing.
If you didn't read it right away. Oh, yeah, five minutes to get another one copies of it. This fake Tom, Zika guy, this.
He needs to be taken out. You know what I mean? To learn. I don't mean taking out for lunch. I mean, just take it out.
Yeah, don't bring him back like Frado. That kind of trip. Oh, Johnny, dark.
When you stop talking about that religion movie, no one gives a Schmidt. Your show is boring to the extent for the emails.
I'm sick of the hate mongers like you Howard Stern and Gordon Ramsey. Who else Gordon Ramsey? You just played the bit about him.
You have no real talent except for a hate. You made a career out of it, but it's over Johnny.
You have no real talent except for a hate says Johnny dark. How do you like that?
And I'm sure that's from the real from the real Johnny dark, right? Right. Right.
No, no information about that certain race. Now that would be a good one. To get a tip. You know, I'm sure that it's going to be very low price.
The six and the seven are going to be the favorites based on the workouts and they're both going to be very low price. So.
So Dean, I'm doing the best I can for you. Don't expect to get rich on today's the second race at Gulf Stream.
12 30 at 560. I'm sure about 13 people may be dead in that crazy guy shooting in the Binghamton. The down is down
away six and a half points. Oh, down three and a half points. Would that be something that we get the green arrow?
Two point seventy. We won't bring those people back to life in Binghamton, but received information that the man before he entered the American
Civic Association through the front door, Mark of vehicle behind the building to block the back door
active. So anybody who tried to flee once the shooting erupted in that flee, be able to get out that back door.
Well, it is flee there today. You see flee? He's in the building. I haven't seen him lately. Uh-huh. See, he's in Binghamton.
He's shaping up to be very horrible attack. Uh-huh. About if he would, um, one of the quick question. Um, how are you deployed?
Because I, I, I, how are you deployed? Oh my god. I think I'm going to go in the kitchen and get a sharp knife and cut a couple of fingers off.
Maybe have some finger food for lunch. What do you think? Sure. Who's fingers?
Two hundred and thirty four votes on the pool. Air for tires and gas stations used to be free. And now they want us to pay for it. And I do pay for it.
Sure. I think it's like you got to put an alluny or something. A buck to put air in your tires.
And there's, there are a few things in the world worse than having to like put air in your tires in the middle of the winter time up here. Oh.
Oh, yeah, there were things, huh? Fixing your broken pipes in the middle of the winter time. Fixing your broken pipes. Yeah, they freeze. They break. Not you in that hotel there. And that fancy building. You live in hotel. The hotel's day. People who are talking about somebody. Please interpret for me.
Oh, there it is. The hotels here are bigger and swankier than any of the rub joints we built in Vegas. What do you, what do you call them? That's it. The rub joints, right? Rough joints. Rough. That's what it was. Does everybody said rough joints? I think so. We can get out of here. Rough joints. My ass probably. Rough joints.
Somebody will know the great hymen rock. Oh, my Lansky was so wonderful. Used to walk his dog. I'm Collins Avenue. His little dog. Here is one from Blackie. It says the world's most perfect food.
A few years after World War II, the young man working in a small restaurant in Sweden developed a new way to process bacon by pre-cooking it and blending it in a special way. He was able to make a fully cooked 100% bacon paste that could be squeezed from a tube.
Knowing he had discovered something paradigm shifting young Wilhelm Lilla Flask quickly went into business. That my dear friends is when squeeze bacon was born. And this delicious, the electable from Sweden has finally been brought over to the US now with American flavor.
We've been working for months now with Wilhelm Lilla Flask. Yes, he still runs the company to bring a squeeze bacon here and boy, are we proud? Who's we? What's this from? He's got a certain.
Why? Because squeeze bacon is simply the tastiest bacon food product ever made. Do you know that it's rumored that aba met while squeezing while eating squeeze bacon sandwiches and even IKEA founder, Ingvar camp red.
We've heard never travel never travels without a case of squeeze bacon. He loves it on his American style meatballs.
Real hand, Wilhelm Lilla Flask, squeeze bacon is fully cooked 100% bacon due to the patent and element mechanical process by which squeeze bacon is rendered.
It requires no preservatives or other additives. Each serving is as healthy as real bacon. Wow.
And equivalent to four premium slices of bacon, you can put it on sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, bacon, soups, pies, eaten how to cold pies, bacon on pies, bacon pie.
It says warm squeeze bacon on toasted rye is to die for substitute for bacon in your recipes, even eat it right out of the tube like we do.
If it's edible, it's better with squeeze bacon and immortal words of Wilhelm Lilla Flask.
Aldwig Koma, get dig up. Once you get a taste of squeeze bacon, you're all exactly what he meant. Aldwig Koma, get dig up.
Okay. If you do, you'll clean it up. Squeeze. I like squeeze cheese. So why not squeeze bacon? In fact, how about some squeeze bacon with some squeeze cheese on it?
Oh, how come you talk so much about food? I mean, you like food. I mean, yeah, that's good. A lot more emails like that.
How come I'm so obsessed with food? Maybe I like it. Maybe that's why you're fat. Probably.
The vows down only 1.99, 2.15, 1.83, 1.67, wouldn't it be great at 1.43? 80 trillion people are out of work.
The worst unemployment rate since 1983 and the market is going to be in a positive sense. It's not only 16 cent now.
I'm telling you that there it is. It's up and down 0, 0, 0, up 8 cent. Up $1.52.
Rectum. $1.60, up two points. And on the way to a gigantic, they like bad news. All those grave robbers.
They all want to be executed right on TV. All those people from CNBC, all you peddlers of garbage.
Oh, let's put some lipstick on this pig. Let's sell. Sell. Sell. You know, since it's always a buying opportunity, it's never selling opportunity.
Because like I've told you so many times, once people stop buying that crap, this garbage, these pigs in a poke, then they might as well shut the switch off on CNBC.
Shut the shutter down. Get her done and shut her down. You did you do you? Yep. You understand it? Understand what? Why they like bad news?
Why everybody cares about the queen and Michelle Obama. No, no, no. I think they were doing a little something. If you ask me, maybe the queen was smitten by Michelle.
Now, and of course, it would have been Earth a kid. She might have been bitten. Oh, right. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Now, who is it that she bit on the lip of Earth a kid? She bit the horse and wells?
Was there some well? She bit him on the lip. I'm just guessing. How could she get close enough with that big pupa? He is to bite him on the lip. Maybe she leaned way over.
Orson wells my ass. You're crazy. Where you just made that up? Yeah, I just made that up. Like that line from the got to the other side. Yeah, they're coming to get their coming for you now. Earth a kid bit orson wells on. I think you might be right. I don't know. Sounds right.
It was either him or it was Hermione ginkgold. It's that twa Friday. You bastards.
I'll be helping you today. Hey, would you please be having a blues player? We are having a sailor on camera. We have had about many flavors.
I'm afraid that is not decent.
Okay, I tell you everything. I'll excuse me. Maybe I'll put inside that thing.
Yes, it's true. We've got women in bags. It is only because they spend so bad.
You can never grow for reactions on a group. But we don't want to drink on a wheel. We spend like our poop.
I can't excuse that baby for the speed. I can't even find the beer in my face. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't.
I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Lone Pot. Lone Pot. Lone Pot. Lone Pot. Lone Pot Kan Laughaer roll.
people down with the rub people out I don't know
uh... i just got that's what the senator was doing the net room see that's a
rub joint
yeah but he doesn't it was rubbing something i guess he rubbed her out
but i was wrong it's rough
the senator
patty people are wonderful people have ever stole a freight train and blah blah
blah blah blah i'm mostly made the trains run on time
not when i've been in italy the trains don't run time
oh number one invisible trick has been
thank you just bob the fake steve slown
the one horse invisible trick scratch in the second race today which means the
price of the even lower
dean but
that's one less opponent to worry about right
right right
right right right right
quite right
they're racing an aqua
you look at almost a year layoff so keep that in mind
while this horse is putting in this uh... pre-pressed performance in the sea
rajima raj here the rider
on peron can't really looks like a bubble had to all the power for the stretch
just shake this head up a dollar he's got a ton of horse
he has peron can't run he gets run here but same thing makes a good run
under my two
yeah same day mishode how he was able to take advantage of that
for horse race in aqua doctor the first race but who now wants to bet on a
for horse race
we got a six horse race at the Gulf Stream
and we got the seven yoga rule
we're always true here
what how's it going
i'm looking to see who the other jockies are in this race
man he crews
paco Lopez opacos in the race
don't trust him
let's see Derek sanderson number sixteen rights and this is uh... one of the most
in-coherent emails i've ever crossed a direct head a little
boost problem a big boost problem so it makes sense he'd be in coherent
my favorite part of religious uh... a religiosity which is not the name of the
movie
it's religious
is the end where what's his name seriously rips religion says
i wish i could quote it exactly the reason i know you religious people don't
know religion is true is because you have the same exact brain and thinking
power i do nothing more i don't know so neither do you know nor can you know
something like that
there is personally i'm pretty certain some truth exists
but it's simply not revealed or was on god's green earth it's just not
all on god's green earth
whoo
sorry but i don't make the rules speaking of christianity
i wonder why god or jesus would have us play this game of saviour not saved
what they call it hockey
and if it's a test of the sky
not saved
if it's curtis joseph well anyway
why would it now i'm never done all of the god want to see his beloved you know
that was really good but he didn't pursue it enough the business about god
being angry
the end yeah
because the people who wrote this crap you know all they did was they
they reflected they made god in their own image not the other way around
so this infallible this perfect god had all the foibles and all the weaknesses
and all the bad traits of man
he's jealous he's angry he's pissed off and farted my wrath show wax hot
maybe god listen to waxy
it says why would i'm about bbb or as it made up by man like you and me only
neal god knows but he won't tell
have a great weekend let go panthers yet big game tonight at landah is at the
macarons night big big game wouldn't be something of them ranges fell out of
the playoff picture ranges there they're fading
they're dropping like a rock
from the top of the christler building
there's obviously still
boozled up pretty heavy duty
jones etr is back and says
hey neal just wondering if you were george got to see movie i said called
downfall and what you thought of it i didn't get it
you didn't send that one to the next batch and you see it because i haven't seen
it yet that's why i didn't know why to watch it first before you decide
wasting you know money to send it i will i have it feeling you like it because
it's about the Catholic church and it's got a philips him or hop in it oh that
yeah we heard a lot about that i heard that was pretty good
also next week i've never seen a movie with philips him or hop in that i
didn't like or or where they made you may see all you didn't you didn't like
the one about the a barber that was going to kill his wife
the man who wasn't there no i did not i thought i was very slow and boring
slow also don't watch uh the the Truman Capote movie that he made
talk about pointless in cold blood okay
that's not right that sounds right i never watched a movie about Truman
nothing interesting it happens here
oh here we go Ed subject Gulfstream
the scratches and changes race two scratch number one jockey change number two
abad cabasa instead of j ravira abad cabasa is on number two in a second race
and that's it thank you ed scratches and changes so far i wonder what lester
greenshire has been i wonder if he's still alive i sure hope not
it was miserable oh he miserable i see chronic pat he was a pest you know
you know he reminded me oh he was a racetrack version of that oh yeah well
i know it's an indictment yet is and i think world deserved
oh and it's stuff of Greg Greg this and Greg that
blah blah blah blah oh it's a different Greg it's a poor idea based on your lifestyle
how situation or health how would you die my own hand jealous spouse while having the
best orgasm of my life drug overdose food STD old age motorcycle accident auto accident
that's not a bad poor huh i like that jealous spouse somebody else's
from Greg
Karen says yesterday we had a scare where the white powder found all over
harland's county please tell people that if they find white powder in omelope don't
get in your vehicle and take it somewhere else to be examined
don't these people know that they're spreading the problem all over the
county everyone who found the white powder brought it to the police station
hospitals community center other places what the heck how stupid can these people be says
if was really something spreadable they could have contaminated the entire county
i know people were stupid but this is just unbelievable says Karen you're right Karen
people be stupid that's why that religious cramps sell so well because people are
oh hocus pokers john says i always thought Roth said the rug joints as opposed to the
original casinos that had sought us on the floors oh my god are you the rug joints
rug joints that doesn't make any sense at all
even the rug joint rubbed joint put a rug on the floor instead of
sawdust how about the start-ust you think there was sawdust in the start-ust
start-ust long gone um-hmm breaks my heart too i used to like that place
they had a johnny rockets like like a 50s diner kind of place in there which i forget the name of it
was really good excellent and they had an ethylens candy place in there oh you had ethylens
candies not lately had johnny rockets lately though did you yes Steve Sloan brought it in on the
day you took off because he felt sorry for me and you mentioned it on the year
uh not enough if you ask me johnny rockets right well and what did Joe Bell say about that i
i guess if Steve Sloan brings it in him being a salesholder you can do whatever you want
remember that was part of the memo it has to be a sales related thing so uh
well how does it sales related they advertise on this station i think they're going to be good
i love johnny rockets me too and it was great thank you Steve oh and you know what i still haven't
tried to want it's uh down there at uh dundas square here dumb ass square
well then Paul Drake is back with a really stupid uh stupid email go away Paul don't go away mad
just go away iowa courts is gay marriage ban unconstitutional iowa Supreme Court legalized gay
marriage today in a unanimous and emphatic decision that makes iowa the third state and the first
in the nation's heartland will allow same sex couples to wed end the decision to high court up
held a lower court ruling that found a state law restricting marriage to between a man and a
woman only violated iowa's constitution if gay lesbian people must submit to different treatment
without an exceedingly persuasive justification they're deprived of the benefits of the principle
of equal protection upon which the rule of law is found at the court said that's ruling the
decision set off a celebration among the state's gay marriage proponents iowa is about justice and
that's what happened here today said lora fefchak who was hosting a verdict party in the moan
suburb of urban dale with a partner 13 years nancy robinson robinson added to tell the truth
i didn't think i'd see this day Ricardo saw soccer readies Richard soccer readies an attorney
informer senior advisor on gay rights to president clinton said the ruling carries extra
significance coming from iowa bible thump and bible belts say right right it's a big
win because coming from iowa represents the main streaming of gay marriage and it shows that
despite attempts to stop gay marriage through right wing ballot initiatives like in california
the courts will continue to support the case for equal rights for gays he said its opponents were
equally dismayed i would say the mood is one of mourning right now in a lot of ways and at the first
thing we did after internalizing the decision was to walk across the street and begin the process
of lobbying our legislators to let the people of iowa vote said brine english spokesperson for the
conservative group the iowa family policy center they always stick the word family in there you know
yep it's a buzzword yeah family research council focus on the family focus
Florida family association american family this is an issue that'll define lawmakers leadership
it's not a side issue said to this guy the reverend Keith ratlifts senior pastor at the maple
street baptist church in demoine went to the centipede court building to hear the decision
it's a perversion opens up the door to more perversions ratlifts said what's next
and it goes on and on and on oh it's a long thing the ruling and i was same six marriage case
came more quickly than many observers had anticipated with some speculating that after oral
arguments it could take a year or more for decision thanks to him and mimey for the article after
oral arguments i don't like that is that a little play on yeah yeah onwards it's like that south
park episode about the Jonas brothers and bj's wouldn't you think yep
well we're getting to that one o'clock hour when we get really horse racing intensive i don't
want to chase anybody away by mentioning that but the one is scratched the two we got the
high-em high-em public macey schmendrick is the jockey on number two in the second race
she just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two hour
if you see a petri dish sitting out in the lab there's a pretty good chance there
i got me a tumor it's as big as a whale and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells
right now i'm light-headed i feel kind of funny so hurry up and get that funding money
is it clever little tell that we can hire him forever stem cells baby
splicing and advice in packing and a wagon save him in your freezer you can be an old geaser
my illness is tragic but stem cells are magic so everybody pass them around and around and around
stem cells baby stem cells stem cells baby stem cells
one o'one at five sixty w two minutes are big one to two hour feel arc by the way is taken upon
himself he's decided that he's going to um he's going to counter my picks he's injecting himself
into the pick-up pony thing all right guess what blow it out your ass bill okay good we invite him
to like uh you know make his own pick and give me a i'm not interested in your handicrapping tips okay
i'm gonna go to the tractions before Jesus was a baby and if there's anybody i don't need any handy
uh anyway guys is oh bet the chalk bet the chalk yeah think the chalk and stick it deep inside your
rectum fan ass fill fake Larry King says rub joints are massage parlors you dummy
how the hell would i know that from all the massage parlors you've gone to
yeah must be
rub joints well first of all they didn't build massage parlors in Vegas they built
hostels hotels the hotels there yeah
yeah and i still don't understand they were still as making the sense the rough joints we've
built in a Vegas what does that mean the rough asking questions oh i guess the ones in Vegas were
rough compared to the klitsy ones in Havana's what he was talking about well let's dig him up
and find out how's him in doing i'll go get a shovel is he still dying to that same hard to take
now which is the one
do you want to restart your mind huh do you want to restart your mind about mot green
oh yeah that's one that kid's name was mot green this was a great man
man of vision and guts and there isn't even a plaque or a sign post or a statue of him in that time
someone put a bullet through his eye no one knows who gave the order when i heard it
wasn't angry i knew mo i knew he was headstrong talking loud saying stupid things
so when he turned up dead wait let it go and i said to myself this is the business we've chosen
i didn't ask or gave the order because it had nothing to do with business
you're taking this very first well now they say more than 12 people wounded first they said
there were 13 people dead in bigum 10 that shooting and now it says more than 12 people wounded in
20 to 40 hostage they don't know what they're talking about let's see what they put on their
stupid ass website and let's go to the racing channel because the first race at Gulf Stream
is only a few minutes away not that we're paying any attention to it
are you paying any attention to the first race what no because you don't have any money on it
that's right authorities are at the scene of a building in Binghamton New York where there are
multiple shooting victims and hostages being held room county directive emergency services
Brett cell is said there's an active shooting situation at the American Civic Association
and the several law enforcement agencies are at the scene cell is did not provide numbers of
victims or hostages and had no further details the local newspaper the press and son bullet and
said on its website at least four people were shot at 41 had been taken hostage they reported
that Binghamton Mayor Matthew Ryan was at the scene said there was a hostage situation and said
the shooter had a high powered rifle FBI spokesman Richard Calco said the FBI sending hostage
negotiators and evidence response team to the scene a newspaper said the incident began around
10 30 this morning nearby apartments are being evacuated and Binghamton high school is on lockdown
within minutes the situation turned into just one one flooded with police Bob Joseph
director of WNBF radio toll CNN
the American Civic Association helps immigrants and refugees with a number of issues including
personal counseling resettlement citizenship and reunification and provides interpreters and
translators according to united way of room county website which is affiliated with the association
now I'm on the HHP TV and also scratch numbers eight jam stage 10 Dubai rambler and 14 Bronx
one eight ten and 14 are out very seven wow you got that you keep all that in track yeah right
everything done now when canals who used to be a regular um uh... he uh... faxer all the time I
don't know if he's ever emailed before maybe maybe really he says fun Rutgers is not out of
business in south Florida there's one in Miami hi alia wellington and pember pines i brother and
sister like the pember ponds location often so maybe the only one that's out of business is the
one that i was in plantation are sunrise
yeah maybe i don't know well how many of us opposed it to galsdum for the first
six
eight who do we appreciate oh jute says wrong info from the other guy
that's kind of hard to put all this together because there's a long gap in the
media i don't want to read a hundred emails in a row about them that thing
about that warm
yeah i did enjoy hearing about the wonderworm again i know you always like hearing about worms
it says they won't block access to the semantic website that would be pointless
it blocks the site that noran and i've ira software talks to to get its updates
that site doesn't have a web page that you can see it will be some obscure site like
a thirty five twenty three dot live update the idea please don't get a false sense of security
try to update your noran software like i said before that's a better test well
i'm not going to try anything how do you like that
think i'm making a bad mistake no
think i should go into panic mode oh jee i'm going to get that virus that uh
clitoris virus whatever it's called oh configor
configor cornfinger i still like that picture keeps coming up the fandom and former
centers that picture i believe this first to be mr radio
six ten on twitter do you recognize this person is a john ztr who how how about the we know
i know we don't we don't recognize them i'll say this he's ugly as sin i'll say that
really ugly he looks like
looks like he ran into a wall somewhere don't he he's got smashy push
yeah old smashy push i don't know who it is
but you people with that twitter you know something i'm glad because it's going to keep a lot
of those people occupied keep them off of our lives and off of our page and keep them occupied
with a twitter crap like your friend flee when you're on vacation next week i'm going to really give
him the business about that twitter crap okay well no an intelligent guy like him it's like people
say to me oh an intelligent guy like you sitting in front of the slots you know listen it's all the
rage man yeah it's us old funny values that are out of touch oh i see we're not tweeting oh i
so i should start tweeting is that what you say what a tweet that would be besides when you just
walk yeah here's the post parade for the first race of Gulf street i think a lady the odds couple
getting set on a breezy day to a scrambler day here in south florida stringed with him today i mean
yeah it just seems weird it was hot yeah and it's Reese but the wind is certainly helping knock down
the the feel of how hot it is and uh we'll see if that affects the horses one to five in the first
race and uh give me the five six and five seven double are going to be microscopic this afternoon but
you can buy a candy bar with what that's going to be in the park places when keelin starts their
meat this afternoon and about uh five with the great hosea liscoano riding good jockey
nice colors though look at that green and white oh look at the pretty colors on that jockey
don't you love that when you go to the track and you hear people talking and then of course they win
then they win it's like at the slots people have no idea what they're doing oh how do i how do
i get this spin what are i doing then you know there's four five hundred bucks is i'm like that
can't stand it i just want to beat those people to a bloody pulp oh and uh forget what the hell it
was over the weekend there was some drunken bitch was there with her husband and some other woman
i mean really drunk young young blonde bitch big and horsey looking not attracted
and she was talking to the machine and did it work and kissing the machine oh come on
please please be good to me please i'm so sorry i said terrible things to you she's
kissing the glass now can you imagine kissing the glass in a slot in a casino in a slot machine i don't
want to well she was doing it and then then after she'd get you like nothing would come up she'd
start slamming the damn thing oh you're so bad to me you're so bad come on give me a spin i love you
i love you so much now it seems to me all you guys out there when your woman gets plastered
that she's making a jackass out herself and you and everybody else around you probably a time to
grab her by the arm and say come on honey let's go let's grow screw our brains out or something take
advantage of the situation right right but not just sit there like a like a helpless clutz and let
her make a fool out of you i'm thinking of myself what kind of simple then allows his wife to behave
this way in public public 280 votes on the pool which i'll get to i'll read it once before the end
this year we'll get to it and we got 33 minutes till post time for race two
oh yeah this one is they make their way into the far turn yukis ridge on top in five horses
one to five in the first race to go see it moves up alongside and here comes the favorite
there he goes to grab the lead as they round the part this is not our race by the way don't
get all panicking go see okay three of his time it's the first race oh doctor Garrett to the
let's just pretend that you're there bruman under a hand right now like $1000 to be in the
five behind the wheel behind the wheel and stick with them bruman at the eight four
five inside of yukis ridge have a different style here he can't get there he goes he's
aged by the three but third yukis ridge oh no oh no the lead from bruman one to five in the
twilight the three is coming back on the rail yukis ridge three wins it how do you like that
a rat 14 to one oh bet the chalk bet the chalk one to five shot in the tank you could see he was
like pukin in the mid stretch and he just couldn't get by the three a full of his money are soon
parted well thank god we didn't have that race you know yeah thank the lord
okay let's get back to this crap to this stuff
Raul sends me this article a couple who went on national television to brag about making a
hundred thousand dollars shoplifting and selling their loot on eBay is under investigation by
federal agents real geniuses obviously Matthew and Laura Eden of San Marco appeared on the doctor
of social last fall to share their story aided by a video of their three small children
accompanying them on a three day shoplifting binge last week the secret service and other members
of the multi agency sand eagle regional fraud task force searched their home and seized toys a
car and other belongings the eatings have been arrested or charged yet the couple hard and attorney
with the united defense group and allow to represent them but the firm said yesterday they would
not comment on the case they've hinted on the detective at the sand eagle county sheriff's
or a facility investigate the eatings for shoplifting before their tv appearance last August you
received a complaint from a target store in vista that the couple installed a Lego kit and
confronted them at their home helen city noticed a pile of unopened toys in the family's garage
but the eatings claim they sold the toys online he said the couple admitted stealing the
legos and filed a misdemeanor case with the DA's office they appeared on the show several months
later telling dr. filma grah they made thirty five hundred dollars in a week from selling stolen toys
Matthew Wheaton called the thefts easy money that said if you steal something if you like do
something illegal go on tv on national tv and rave about it rag about it right works for me
real geniuses everybody is an expert jane and dear field says sorry i thought the article
would kill some good time kill some good time then article about the manure it went it was like
a fifty million word article i could be reading that in the year twenty five twenty five would
say grant evans are you say it was crappy she says have you ever heard of the bohemian grove
it's this spot camp in northern california where all these powerful men only gather each July to act
on a bunch of frat boys with bizarre ceremonies and such sounds pretty gay but according to people
who snuck in that's when they plan how they're going to screw the rest of us the bohemian grove
the men who have attended this include George bush dick chainy Henry Kissinger and James Baker
one of what they'll be discussing this year are shfarts in the white house
thought this might interest you say jane and dear field well thank you jane that was short and sweet
and to the point
you're excited about the big race now you say no you're not of course i am two minutes till the
third race of Tampa we can hear your boy Richard quest whatever's name is Richard grunti grunti gruntir
gruntir whatever's name is from down under
jim says something that used to be free but we pay for now baggage on airplanes
paid thirty dollars each way for two suitcases on air tram last week airlines came up with
that scam when fuel cost went through the roof gas prices came down of course but airlines
keeps the charges coming they're bastards he says keep up the great work George is much better
these days by the way much better than used to be or maybe much better than me i don't know much
better than something you're much better why didn't better yeah i'm feeling better sure
291 votes on the pool how come they got this a quarter crap on here we looking at the post
parade it's pouring rain there too just like it is here in new york and they're showing the
post parade from about a mile away wouldn't it help you make your decision no and there's only one
minute till the third race of Tampa bay downs i want to hear and there it is they're going to the
gate the four-and-a-five risk rates this is the third race it's a field of now ten and the sevens
even money how do you like that fill arc a ass clown oh i'm i'm gonna go with the six i'm gonna do
this mama i don't care how you handicap go to the track and punch your guts out okay so all these
people are wanting to like inflict themselves inject themselves into the show don't you find
that a little bit over the top yeah annoying yeah crappy 297 votes on the pool which of these
things that used to be free makes the least sense to be paying for now air for the tires in your
car gas stations 106 pretty so we're gonna have to pay for the air that we breathe at least they'll
put a tax on it a cup of ice water to restaurant 72 radio 39 tv 35 some public
restrooms 19 space at a parking lot 14 net 0 5 road maps of gas stations for and extra toppings at
fast food restaurants three they used to be if you wanted a map of like you know if you're out on
the road you're driving the interstate you want a map of Tennessee you go to a gas station and they
had a whole bunch of right there just take one right right right can you remember those days there's
that before your time i do remember i also remember just as a child the the full service uh
oh well let's forget that yeah where they come out and actually like wash your windshield
they still have a little bit of that and some she she places you know they still have what
full service where it's very rare i don't know where it's just uh here and there so rare is Jimmy
Dorsi would say so rare then that was a good song for Jimmy Dorsi they hit instrumental though it's
hard to sing it well maybe there are lyrs to that song i'm not really sure mighty think
down down down down well anyway it's way way back when 57 58 i had that record i bought it because
it was a big hit see when i was a kid i used to go out and buy my 45s based on what was a hit
yeah you know what i mean yeah not not whether i liked it or not so much all of
i didn't like it i wouldn't buy it but i mean like uh flying saucer became a good man i had that
why are they poaching around so much behind the gate here at Tampa what is it really aggravating
kill some good time though waiting for and flying saucer became a good man we interrupt this record to
bring you a special bullet oh that's it oh you didn't want to hear all of it did you oh
brand new i don't think it's rough joys i hate to break the news to you George George got the
dialogue right from the movie online what a five favorite number seven smoke an ace no shut up
smoking a stogie he says i don't think it's rough joys i think i haven't said rough joys after all in
mode died he was getting rubbed down anyhow i think you missed your missing one drop because it fits you
perfectly with the way qm treats you they're making you look ridiculous and a man in your position
can't afford to be made to look ridiculous well whatever just relax brand and okay oh here we go
they're in the gate they're at the gate they're near the gate they're thinking about going in there
like i said every time we do this this part of thoroughbred racing just drives me wild
early again we'll complete the lineup get him in the gate and open it up and get the race going
here we go the 12s going in this is Tampa by the way don't panic this is not our race
and they're off oh that was a good one do you like that it was good what it was good it was great
i i i shut your pot off there actually i'm sorry what am i giving it a try to shut it off for a couple
hours goes both dean is our contested by the way for the second race of golf team we've got 50
dollars to win on a seven yo guru now you know i'm slipping in my old age what i could do is go
to the odds channel and see what the seven is opening at two to one and a six five to two so
again i picked the favorite look warm favorite so far how can he be heavy favorite the none of these
horses have ever run it's a six horse field and they're all first time starters two year olds
and they're going two and a half hour longs you know how many seconds this race is going to take
that is absolutely correct going to be about a 30 second run from the wall to your ass
that's it it's wider you bastard
are you a member instead of talking face to face we can poke each other on Facebook's page
yeah you know it's just like crack it causes intellectual constipation yeah
feels for procrastination so what are you doing right now
face for peace and know your exact location and one in five things no one cares about
the every time love you know and that useless information
well i got back i just can't put that to any down i tell you what am i doing right now
oh look at this pull idea that might give insight to your listeners demos i were a blank watch
and scut all the brands of watches and i agree sure anybody wild by an interesting watch
i think
huh watch it stand have all the fun with watches yeah that's right seven horses favorite nine to five
six horses seven to two two horses three to one four horse three to one they're all getting
been they're all getting better except the five and the three i mean who who knows 13 minutes
to post time by the way oh Todd i forgot to mention this just got this now he says what time was
this i don't know what time was this morning it's the wqm thing deer Todd you're receiving this email
because you stated you'd like to receive information about new promotions on wqm it's primavera
yeah the reason you got it now it says is it because they haven't sold out yet exactly Todd
47 left that's why you got it this morning good thinking
this is pathetic moron alert bugsy says you idiot so realize you aren't paying for air you're
paying for the compressor stand and electrical to fill up your stupid asphalt flat tire monkey ass
pounds uh-huh how come years ago the same compressor in fact used to be much easier hey you're
just the moron they used to have the ones where you you just uh you you turn the knob and come
up with the number you want 30 pounds you want 32 whatever it is right and then you just take the
hose and you go on your same stuff don't you understand that you're a moron oh that's right
moron alert we're not paying for the air we're paying for the egismo uh done right now that would be
like saying you're not paying for the water uh you're paying for the faucet right right you're not
paying for the food at a restaurant you're paying them to bring it to you you're paying for the
preparation age 75 on a seven-hoss he's the chalk bet the chalk bet the chalk get the chalk oh
mahat ma Gandhi which we now know is your friend john zt or who who is a certifiably crazy person
and you're right the the people just as obsessive as the ones on the phone the ones on the emails
are probably the same people correct how how could there be so many obsessive i mean this is
their life this is all they do every day between ten and two they can be on those substitute for life
yeah in other words i have no life that's what they're trying to tell us and we get the message loud
and queer mahat ma Gandhi anyways is just to correct George downfall is the movie about Hitler the
movie about the Catholics is called doubt sorry yes you're right i'm sorry and then this is even
worse as George if i should buy the sending copy of Requiem for a dream or pie if he seen them
i won't bother well i know we've all seen Requiem for a dream right high you've seen it right yep
where he puts the drill in his head yeah what you doing that i do it because i don't want people
the way through time watching it it's a bad movie maybe somebody might like it they who maybe somebody
not me okay he doesn't put the drill through his head okay there that's better he does
nobody would like that and why what was the story with that rabbi and then when we were
what was that all about what i know it was in Brooklyn or wherever it was but what was that all
about with the rabbi what's the question what was it all about that was the idea for huh because
the number that he had you know he thought he was going to make money on the stock market finding
that you know that magic number yeah but that magic number is the name of God because don't you know
that he drew and numbers are interchangeable that's what the rabbi was trying to explain oh my god
he drew character i don't remember it's a lot of change but i watched it so when you come up with that
magic number that's the name the real name of God and if you know that then you can have no eyes
power holy holy universe well happy pace off to that for a listen look at that even money on the
seven how do i do it how do i pick these um you know but even money is on it bucks deen starts with
nothing here we're giving them 50 right hundred bucks wouldn't be bad during these difficult times
in which we live would you take it to the same source is seven to two the two is nine to two and
the four is four to one the three and the five outsiders rank outsiders they're both 12 to one
but then you got no like 20 or 30 to one shots in this race because they're all you know they have
a run before so who knows if face like they say an outer Mongolia if face so it looks promising although
the chalk in the first race went down in flames that five horse one to five i mean heavy chalk
one to five here it comes now hit him again okay let's do the break a little bit early we don't
want to miss our race
rack them strong thermon things that only gaze do this most states have laws you could be jailed or
they are fine the senate now must pick which your
back side just go and ask to do long is my bases in the senate you'll have a seat
people without health care folks lacking livelihood the way they act is really what is
good well there's homes to model specter and horn if i pack wood no matter where you stick it we get
screwed love out of me the then it's lost its mind there's hunger drugs and crime god no
cryptocurrency
waiting
with
supposa time
Now, now, Brandon says there's some gas stations as long as you put gas in your car, you can
get to use the air machine for free instead of dropping four quarters.
And there are a few stations that have it for regardless, even if you don't buy no gas.
But those are very hard to find.
He says I only know of two stations like that.
And John says, well, we'll see.
He says, he's giving you the business about the line and the Godfather.
And he's got from the also from the Internet.
I guess on the Internet, you can make it say whatever you want to say.
Sure.
Well, we'll see.
The doctors with disagreeable, what do they know?
These are wonderful things we've achieved in Havana.
And there's no limit to where we can go from here.
This kind of government knows how to help business to encourage it.
The hotels here are bigger and swankier than any of the rug joints we've gotten Vegas.
Like more Howard's head.
Like the weekend, you can Google it yourself and see.
And we can thank our friends in the Cuban government, which has put up half of the cash
with the teamsters on a dollar for dollar basis.
I love the way he says that on a dollar for dollar basis.
Yadda yadda yadda.
What I'm saying now is we have what we've always needed real partnership with the government.
With Batista, fascista Batista.
Well, do you hear the sirens coming to take time in Rothaway?
I do.
He had a lot of doctoring going on in that movie.
I'll tell you.
And then the real evil looking bodyguard with a black shirt, the black sweater, whatever.
Oh, geez.
The pillow didn't stop.
The bullets I'll be damned.
They're going to the gate.
The seven is the seven to five favorite, which is about four sixty.
What would four sixty be for fifty bucks?
He's 1115.
It's not bad.
I bet you'd be able to take 115 rhymes with Dean.
Oh, six to five.
Now it's like four twenty.
And the first one to go in will be the
going in the game six to five favorite six.
A second choice.
Then the four.
The two three and five if you look at the board are slim shot.
Now the whole thing with these a two year old races, these short races, they start at the
top of the stretch and they go to the finish line.
That's a two and a four loss.
And the whole thing is the start.
Because when they come out of the gate, they're real green.
They have a race before and they like bump into each other.
They all kinds of crap.
So the seven thing on the outside should be in the queer clear, right?
Right.
Two is in the gate.
Pink.
What do you think about pink?
I like pink.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, you're fairy.
Yeah, there comes a three with it.
He's our first time starter.
So they're three when they'll be followed by rib mountain four.
Four looks like he's thinking about it.
Oh, geez.
He's going sideways.
Maybe he'll knock into the three and the five and take them both out of the race.
The four does not want any part of the gate.
They open up the, oh boy, the front of the gate so we doesn't see it.
Now he's the last two to loader.
Convoy ahead and Yoguru five is in the six and the seven.
The two favorites are going in now.
What color is the seven?
Yoguru is the favorite at four to five.
Four to five three eighty.
Up to the outside stall.
God.
Good luck, Dean.
We'll need it.
I don't like four to five, but at least he's getting bet like he's the winner.
You know what I'm saying?
He's still got to get in the damn.
He white and blue with Elvis Trujillo.
Elvis is in the building and Elvis is not in the starting gate.
He's thinking about it.
Oh, and the assistance are pushing his horse in the gate.
Push him.
Push him.
They got him in there yet.
They're all in.
And they're all in line.
Oh, and he, that, oh, he broke right to the outside.
Oh, on the inside, it's you ain't seen all I got.
You can call these guys running like a mother running outside, but I don't think he's going to get there.
And it's rib mountain and a gap of another three bank.
The seven is the third right now.
They come four has got to lead seven has run like a mother, but that's start that bad start outside.
He's coming.
But six has got to lead.
Yoguru the two will.
Well, there were was coming, but he's going to be second.
And Convoy ahead wins it.
Six.
And she'll arc is going to say, see I told you the six.
Yeah, capsule.
Voice.
How do you like that?
Sorry, Dean.
Well, he broke sideways.
Oh, well.
If you had seen the start, you just said, oh, I think we're in trouble now.
And you know what?
We're in trouble.
We were.
What a shame.
If he would have broke cleanly, he'd have won that for her joke.
If, if chickens peed, they'd be wet on the underside, right?
Don't say.
Oh, well.
The fool and his money are soon parted.
Convoy had.
I think what's his name, picked that run.
Nickel, the nickel head.
He picked that too and so did Phil Ark.
Oh, what I used to get for free and pay for now is a B.J. says, Jeff.
Yeah.
Well, go watch that this episode on South Park.
About the Jonas Brothers and B.J.'s.
Mostly about B.J.'s.
Would you agree?
Yeah, J.B.'s and B.J.'s.
Oh, and you'll never guess what was on also last night after I watched all this good stuff and religious and that.
What the bottom?
No, the what you call a concert.
What's your name, the Disney of Broad?
Oh, the Hannah Montana.
And I was the same concert where the Jonas Brothers were on.
Another sighting?
Yeah.
So I didn't get to see Flipper because it was like two old and Luke Helping was like a little boy and not being a little boy.
But I didn't see the Jonas Brothers.
Oh, God.
Paul, I tell you she's great compared to the Jonas Brothers.
Yeah, I'm just going to say that.
I'm not going to try to fund you on this one.
I mean, they couldn't sing if you put an oozzy up the race.
That's how bad they are.
Well, what a shame about, and boy, it is pouring cats and dogs in New York and aqueduct.
Now I can't wait to see you again.
I don't like this start. I'm going to object.
I don't like the way this start or start a violent complaint.
A little object.
A violent objection.
No, because the seven just barely got in there and then he opened a gate.
And he wasn't prepared to, you know, he wasn't steady in the gate.
Sounds like an excuse to me. Sounds lame.
Now what is that? Is that Hannah Montana?
Hannah Montana.
Yeah. She also can sing.
No, but she writes decent top tunes.
Do you guys?
Yeah.
That's what we're listening to.
That's what we're listening to.
And that Disney.
He's something else.
He's still dead by the way.
Oh, Mr. Puppypants and Fee's frustrated flyers.
There was a time when airline travel was a special treat.
The kind of occasion that inspired passengers to dress up.
Now the all people once felt about flying through the clouds is tempered by additional fees,
cramped seats and horrifying tales of fellow travelers,
such as the one about a man dubbed Mr. Puppypants.
We've all had our...
That could be me on some occasions.
I'll never on a plane.
Can you imagine pooping your pants on a plane?
No.
We've all had our flying hell experiences as a great rotler,
creator of flightsfromhealth.com.
The site provides a venue for people to share their tales of woe.
It's therapeutic, so it benefits them and provides entertainment value for others.
Rotler, a 54-year-old environmental health supervisor in Tampa,
launched the site more than two years ago.
Since then, flightsfromhealth.com has run the gamut.
Passengers and flight attendants have sent in stories that run the gamut,
touching on categories that include odors, attendant issues,
and luggage and delays.
Odors as in Mr. Puppypants.
Oh, and I never got to this story, and this is a movie in Portante.
You'd be all excited.
marijuana helps in battle against cancer.
Says the new study.
Somebody built that to me, too.
It's on our website.
Do you have a try to make people read the website, the stories?
What's the sense of putting them on there if they're not going to look at them?
Would you agree?
Right.
The main chemical in marijuana appears to aid in the destruction of brain cancer cells,
offering hope for future anti-cancer therapies,
researchers in Spain wrote in a study release yesterday,
researches.
The authorities from Comple Lutense University in Madrid,
working with scientists from other universities,
found that the active component of marijuana, TCTIHC,
causes cancer cells to undergo a process called auto-phagy.
Reset autophagy.
Autophagy sounds more.
Correct.
The breakdown that occurs when cells essentially self-digest.
The research, which appears in the April edition of US Public Journal
of Clinical Investigation, demonstrates that TCT and related cannabinoids
appear to be a new family of potential anti-tumoral agent.
The authors wrote that the chemical may prove useful in development of future
anti-tumoral agents.
The scientists conducted their research on mice,
first stimulated in the growth of cancer in the lab animals,
then injecting them with a daily dose of TCT near the set of their tumors,
to tumor.
Tumors in trouble.
Oh, just he Stephen Harper was in the crapper.
He denied it, but when they took the group picture of the G20,
he was in the crapper.
Canada's anxious right-wing lunatic, Stephen Harper.
He said he was like signing and stuff.
Maybe he was signing toilet paper.
That could be.
The research has also analyzed the tumors of two patients in an experimental trial,
looking at the effects of THC, and a highly aggressive form of brain tumor
and soft findings in line with preclinical evidence first observed in the lab mice.
How do you like that?
Pot for cancer.
Yeah?
Oh, and Natalie Coles says she needs a kidney transplant.
Do you feel sorry for her?
Okay, sure.
Do you want to give her one of your kidneys?
Natalie Coles much.
She promises she won't do more and no more drugs.
I don't care if she does.
Just how much is she offering me for?
In other words, you don't care if she does as long as she shares that what you're trying to say.
What is she aim about that?
Damn seven horses.
You know, at least he ran.
At least he gave it a good shot right to the end.
Unlike last week, that one horse.
Oh, my God.
Talk about embarrassing and degrading.
It's date.
If I have any talent, you're fair.
At five six O-W-Q-A-S.
Don't like all the hard work.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That's retarded dimwitch.
Don't go, don't go.
I'm TV.
Here's President comes.
Republicans muscle in.
And in arching of this idiot.
I don't know why they would want this guy.
But now he's here.
First through the next four years.
With President Thumb.
Somebody says it's Rubjoins.
What I thought it was for years.
Rub, rub, and rub.
The original screen plan.
They're holding it their head down.
Rubjoins.
All right, let's go back to what I thought it always was.
What?
So just rub it.
Just rub it.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't go, don't go.
Find this drunk and rich kid.
Don't go, don't go.
He's even.
Lumber than me.
He's President Thumb.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hooker and rock.
The dresser and rollin' knows what's best of you and I.
But you're no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thumb.
Bye, bye, bye.
