Grab my junior, honey.
Tonight on ABC, it's an all-new season of Dancing with the injured stars,
featuring a cast of celebrities like TV host Nassio Del.
Oh, my knee! Ow!
Football great Lawrence Taylor!
Oh, man! I have seen anything that nasty since I ended Joe Thysman's career.
Dancing with the injured stars also features Fuxi Popstar Jewel.
Ouch! My leg! My leg!
And Jack Astar's Steve-O!
Cool, and her leg is messed up as your key.
What's a cast of other potential sea-list victims on the new season of Dancing with the injured stars?
Oh, my God, wait till you hear this email from Burren Fitts, our websites down by the way.
Right. Ericksa on top of it. That was up 64 points. Here we are.
Happy Tuesday.
So right before the show starts, so your buddy sends me an email.
Oh, or ran out of time. I'll call you late. Don't call me. I'll call you.
Okay? Just get out of my face.
Burren Fitts says, one of the name of Neil God is going on over there.
I was rushing home and to meet Flea's wife and flipped on QAM around 715 last night.
I was expecting to hear the super-compelling Kimbo, but to my shock and sudden limp-ness,
D-fo was on the year, doing a boxing show complete with his own spots during the commercials.
Is he back at QAM or is that Wanker somehow syndicated? Please explain this Mr. Assistant Program Director.
I have no idea what that guy's talking about.
Wow. D-fo was on last night.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Do you have boxing show not on this station? No. He must have been on 640 and not 560.
Check your radio, Burren Fitts. You got some real, uh, diffugalties on it.
Yeah, keep sending me text messages, uh, Jolly Jo.
That's for you. Little one.
So what are we going to do without our website?
I'm not sure, but I have faith in Eric.
Eric says he can't get into the thing, but he's making some calls and going to be put a moop at a bop and like that.
It was working fine earlier this morning and then all of a sudden just cramped out.
Yeah, I just tried it again. I got nothing. No, I still get nothing.
They had no further update from Eric.
Oh, I guess Eric can hear us. I don't know. Is the streaming working? How do we know that?
Well, the streaming would be working on WQAM.com, but I doubt it would be working on the Orojah.com since it's exciting.
Well, no, because nobody can get on it. Right. He said he was going to text me as soon as it's back up.
Oh, really? Yeah. Okay. At a boy, Eric, you're doing it.
So I can't give you the poll result. I can tell you what the poll is.
Well, let's let's take it one step at a time. Okay. More technical, the fugly's.
Your buddy ran out of time yesterday. Well, I hope he runs out of time today.
He's out of time with me. Let's see. We didn't do the.
It's about one hit wonders.
I'm digging back into the archives and bringing back some of the old moldies.
Which one of these one hit wonders was the best wall of voodoo by Mexican radio won the first time we did this many years ago.
Really? Really? That's surprising. Why? I mean, I like this song, but that's a surprising song to win that.
I don't even know the song. And you could play it if you had the stuff there, but you don't.
You have it? No, but I still might be able to play it off the internet.
That's. Yep.
Precious and few climax. Alicia Bridges, I love the nightlife. Tony Bezel, Mickey Mickey.
Oh, that's such a nasty song. That's so bad. Anyway, so that's the deal. One hit wonders.
I can't tell you how the current standings are because we don't have our website.
Really bad. So the studio is almost done. That's what you told me.
Yep. Is that wall of duty? This is it.
In Mexican radio? Yep. What does that mean?
That one the last time I had this in first place or close to it again this time. That is surprising.
Why? I don't think every that great of a song really. Or that big of a hit. Right. I never heard of it.
Okay, here's the poll result from yesterday. At least we got that 761 vote.
Which of these is the most compelling radio? Neil Ranting and Raving 623.
Dan Moreno, 26. At least Danny Boy slipped into second place, edging out Iro Windbag with 22 and Stormcats stormy had 21 votes. Oh yes, stormy.
Bino Cook 16 NFL draft 14 grew Rosen the house shorts 9 fantasy sports 8 marked the jets fan 8 richy from boys head 8 and jerk jerk street still holding up the ass and last place with only six votes.
Jerk Jerk Street the hit him like poison and rightfully so he's not compelling.
Not nearly as compelling as Stormcat jerk had six votes stormy had 21. What does that tell you?
Do you think we have any dots on the phone here? We don't. No, not yet, but soon. What what does that mean? I don't know. That's what they keep telling me every day.
You folks keep telling me all the studio is almost done and soon the phone's going to come back and all this other crap and nothing happens.
They were working on the studio yesterday though. I witnessed it. Really? What were they doing? I don't know. Potskying around.
There you go. That's exactly right. I believe it. I'm looking at my outlook. I express at least that works. If that wasn't working, we'd be out of business.
We'd be finito. And quite frankly, I think we are finito when you come right down with those up 55 points.
I don't think that thing's going to come back up anytime soon.
Because usually Eric will say, well, the server is down and I'm doing this. I'm doing that and Bing, you know, come right back up.
Not today. He says, I can't get into the machine. The machine, man.
They'd prosecuted charge with punching pizza delivery woman. This is not good.
For Dave County prosecutor David Howard. Boy, what do you got if you turn his name around?
David Howard. A domino's pizza accomplished what court room outburst and a whistleblower lost it against his own boss could not.
It got him temporarily thrown off the job. Howard 54 was suspended without pay. Yesterday, after he was accused of punching a tardy pizza delivery woman trying to deliver a pie to his Miami Beach condo.
According to Miami Beach police officers on Saturday found Howard standing next to the car of pizza woman.
You dischievous Rodriguez, they are must who was locked inside shaking and in tears.
He was charged with misdemeanor battery and signed papers promising to appear in court to avoid a conflict that they'd state attorney's office as the governor to opponent prosecutor from another county to handle his prosecution for punching a pizza delivery lady.
Howard was in the news after he filed a federal lawsuit last fall against his bosses claiming he was unfairly suspended for posting on the internet and internal memo detailing his misgivings about a fatal police shooting.
Reached by email on Monday, Howard said, I'm sorry, but I can't comment on these circumstances. His lawyer, Alan Kaiser, declined to comment on the case. He did say at this point, I'm wondering where his pizza is. He never got his pizza.
Well, his name is David Howard. You know who probably intercepted it. Howard David pizza thief.
Corrin of Miami Beach police reports this is what happened. Howard ordered a pizza Saturday night when Rodriguez arrived. She called Howard's cell phone because she couldn't get into his gated condo building from the balcony.
Howard began yelling at her. She told police she speaks Spanish. Didn't understand how or no speaking English. Oh boy.
Not another one of those deals. Howard came downstairs and knocked off Rodriguez's domino visor, then punched her in the arm, leaving a bright red mark. The report said, at least he didn't punch her in the head.
A neighbor roused by the commotion witness the battery. The report said Howard admitted hanging Rodriguez, but only after she struck it with her cell phone.
When Howard stepped in front of her car, he claimed Rodriguez drove it toward him, tapping his thigh.
These cases always are disappointing anytime anyone. The support staff or lawyers in this office engage in this behavior that violates the law.
State attorney Catherine Fernandez Rundle said Monday declining for the comment. How do you like that? That is a prosecutor.
Smack say a pizza delivery broad, who no speaking English. I guess maybe that'll teach her to go learn English. Wouldn't that be a good idea?
I guess. I mean, no, don't you think that if you're going to be delivering pizzas to a random people in South Florida that you might maybe knowing English might be one of the prerequisites for being able to do that?
Well, I would think if you can get a driver's license in the state of Florida, you should be able to have to speak English.
But you're wrong. Yes, I am. You don't have to hear no speaking English Chinese Chinese.
Any money driving all over the place? We're still not up by the way.
Veren fits is it's very strange. Do radio waves get crossed? No, they don't trust me. My radio is digital. It was on 560. Well, glad I'm wrong. Yeah, we are too. No, D.Fo is not on here last night.
And we weren't doing a boxing show. Is that pathetic or what? Is anybody out there getting on our website? I'm sure not. I would think not.
And Eric isn't telling me any giving me any more information. Are you getting any awards from him? Nothing yet.
No information from Eric, but a text message right before the show started from Jolly Joe, who was go obviously as to be as annoying as he possibly can.
Keep texting Joe. No interest. Bore me. You're not you're not the least bit.
Compelling. Are we being compelling yet or what? Not yet, but we got a long time to go.
Damn, I'll get it.
I got me a tumor. It's as big as a whale. And they say that they can fix it with some stem cells.
Right now I'm lightheaded. I feel kind of funny. So hurry up and get that funding money.
Because stem cells are super little cell cells. Can they go back? Damn, stem cells baby.
Damn, stem cells baby, stem cells. Damn, stem cells baby, stem cells. Oh, a stem cell is a clever little cell that we can harvest forever.
Damn, stem cells baby. Damn, stem cells that we're at.
Splicing and adiasing, hacking and unwacking. Save them in your freezer. You can be an old geezer. My illness is tragic.
But stem cells are magic. So everybody pass them around and around and around and around.
Damn, stem, baby, stem, stem, stem, baby, stem.
10, 16 and 5, 60 WQA. I'm happy Tuesday too. So everybody's discovered that our website is down. No, it's out now. Oh, it is up. Well, I'm in it. Yep. Oh, wait a minute. One moment please. Oh, I've got a sign in on the thing. Wait a minute.
One moment please. Okay, take your time. Oh, I've got a sign in again. Second time. Not compelling. And there it is. All right. How do you like that? Wow. Thank you, Eric. Whatever you did. Where were you stuck your finger?
Eric's real good at sticking his finger in the right place and making things work like magic. Jay says your website is down, but QM stream is up and running. By the way,
flee your taste in is in your TUSH Mexican radio by Wall of Who was a great song and a one at survey due to its merits. Okay. And then it says death to
the man. It's Nazi bastard. How do you like that? Rippin the mad dog? Wow. Shame on you. We don't need any more information about the streaming and about the website about this. But I mean, Neil Rogers comes back up. Okay. Here's the pool. We got 190 votes on there. Which of these one hit wonders was I feel like I'm operating with one arm in one leg when the website is down. You know what I mean? Yes. You feel like I don't know. You're like, you're incomplete. I saw a good flick last night, which I'm sure nobody.
You see because every time I mentioned one of these movies, oh, we don't know anything about that. 2009 movie no less from this year. Wow. It's a remake of an old flick, the larger. Have you seen the larger? No, I have not say, uh, chill or thriller with the only person that I recognize in their
Philip Baker Hall. He played the game show host in Magnolia. He's a great character actor. He plays the chief of police in this movie. That's pretty good. It's entertaining. It's suspenseful. The only problem is it gets to the ending. You think it's the ending. It should have been the ending. And it's not over yet. Most movies you get to the ending and you think, oh, gee, this can't be the end yet. And then the credits are rolling. Oh, no. You know, yeah, really. No big names in it. I'm looking at the cast. Nothing huge. That's why I said, Philip.
Baker Hall. He's the first, you know, but it's the acting is good. It's compelling. I would say the larger. It's the latest version of an old, old flick. Maybe somebody out there saw it. Maybe somebody out there saw Nick of time with Johnny Depp or the Rod Stagger movie, the neighbor. Probably not.
Oh, all these people sent in this stuff. Oh, I tried your page. Everything's working now. Michelle says we, it was finally able to get on. Thanks, Michelle. Me too. And flea as well.
And this exciting. Anyway, let's see what we got going here. 200 votes on the pool. Which of these one hit wonders was the best wall of voodoo by Mexican radios in first place again. 29.
Climax precious and few 23. A need award ring my bell 14. By the way, somebody sent me a thing in the wrong. About pro col herm or the hell is it?
Here it is. Ed and four louder. The poor Ed Ed's just got issues. You know, some of these emailers just. You see the name and right away, you know, oh boy.
Ed says for one hit wonders, I think of pro col herm, which had a big hit in 67 with a white or shade of pale. How about conquistador? Remember that?
Conquistador. No, no, no, no, no, don't remember that. No, by pro col herm. I thought you knew something about music. Man, you know squad. I know a little under the given you crap. What?
I know I bet you I bet you if you go in your internet. There on a computer, you can find conquistador. You were able to find the other one wall of voodoo.
Conquistador. You know, remember that? I'm not saying it was a gigantic hit, but it was a hit. Ed says at the time I was living in my wonderful home time. I traveled us to Rome, New York, most likely shopping at lab laws.
Oh, how exciting. It's a hell of a thing when you start thinking about what supermarket you were shopping in.
Grand Union. Remember grand union or is that before your time? That's way before your time in South Florida. I remember them. Did you have grand union Tampa? Oh, yeah, you did.
Have you got conquistador or not? Are you going to find it? I'm looking for it. Conquistador.
I proclamation. They may have had one other one too, which I forget. I could look it up in the book, but I'm too old and lazy.
I'm just not compelled to do it. Eric says your site is not loading not our Eric, but another one yet floating now. Robin Martha's vineyard. Your site is not responding when I try to get out, but I'm listening via the QM website. It's on there right now. Rob. It's on there. We fixed it. Eric fixed it. Our Eric.
Thank God for our Eric. What the hell would we do without him? Right? Absolutely.
And they got the studio almost done and that phone is going to have dots on it. Maybe one of these days, although I wouldn't be too sure. I'm not holding my breath.
Jerry Rafferty and Baker Street says somebody. I remember Jerry Rafferty, but I remember the song Baker Street. Do you remember that?
Oh, absolutely. It is redone by the food fighters too. Was it really? Yes. Great song. I love the food fighters, but nevertheless.
I tried your page and thought it was my computer, but I couldn't load your page. I can hear that. Yeah. Okay. Great. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hollywood. Okay. Enough with that crap already.
Well, all of Dudu is winning in spite of your protestations. I think it's a, you know, I don't know. You played some of it. How are you able to get that on there? And you can't get conquistador.
I have conquistador buffering right now. Oh, it's buffering. Yeah, it's buffering. Stop suffering. Take buffering.
I love it. It's a good song. I like purple hermala.
Oh, why? It's no way to shave a tail, but then again, what is it?
Apparently this song was featured in Flash Dance on the band.
That's it. Well, it froze out. Oh, that's okay. That was enough. Okay. It's enough to refresh the memory of the audience out there. They know from conquistador.
So add your full of it. Okay, but one hit wonder. One hit wonder. My ass. Jesus God. But I'm sure there'll be a whole bunch of others come in.
Oh, additional ones. Oh, I don't want to list. Okay. The question is which of these one hit wonders was the best. What's the best one?
Not give me a list of one hit wonders. Paul says you're up the final countdown. Possibly the worst song ever.
Adam and goody two shoes and felony the fanatic. First of all, I wouldn't call Adam and one hit wonder. Oh.
Now he's I think Paul is trying to find out which is the worst song ever. Oh, okay. Which we could do that. Pull some day.
I don't know if we ever done that. We've done that one about the best song ever and always always is what you call it.
Stir what to heaven always. And I get quite frankly. I mean, I like the song just fine, but it's certainly not the greatest song of all time.
Would you would you do think stir way to heaven is the best song of all time? No, I don't. Well, thank God for that.
Because I was beginning to wonder about your marginal taste in music after you didn't know conquisito door.
Now did you recognize that when you played it or not? No, not really. Really? Wow.
That is that's compelling, but I added one to the list though that I've been wanting there. Matthew star fade into you. Never heard of it. There you go.
I'm still never heard of it.
I want to hear the hell. Great song. Really? What's the group?
Nazis star. Nazis star. Nazis with an M. Paul says forgot a big one one night in Bangkok by Murray head.
It says Joe Bell is still the anticlerc store. Maybe the Eddie Pasto. Yeah, he is. He's just annoying.
There's nothing worse than people to go out of their way to try to be annoying and I know like overgrown children. That's your buddy.
So you're saying if he does call me sometime today, don't answer it. No, Ryan.
Because he got he got never got around to yesterday. He said, oh, he ran out of time. Good. You're out of time with me. I'll tell you that.
You've been out of time with me for a long time. Here's Eric with an update about what happened with our website.
He says the sites should be working again. We have no idea what the problem was. What does that mean? Wow.
So in other words, it fixed itself by osmosis or something. Yeah, that's weird.
This one says I know you don't like twilight and rob patison, but you have to see Taylor Lautner, Jacob, Google him.
I have to see him. What is that got to do with the pool? What's that got to do with anything? Do you know who that is? Taylor Lautner? No, I have no idea.
Well, I'll tell you one thing. During the break, I'm going to Google them right away. What? Are you laughing to me? No. I'm a one no jelly.
Oh, that's it. How about one more? There you go. 10 30 at 5 60 W Q AM.
Jerry Rafferty. It says, please play a sample. No, you're not going to that. That would be bad. If you're going to have to go in there and play samples of all these things on here.
It would be great if you had the library to anything from George. No. You know, there are some people out there so stupid as to be just on my my space.
I got an email this morning from some goofball out there who says, Oh, bring back George. I actually missed a little fella. Bring him back. Like, I got some control over that. He says bring him back. So I'm going to snap my finger and like, there you go. Here's George.
But what's wrong with some of these people? The stupid even come close to describing it. No. Bring him back. I missed a little fella.
Jean from Cebring says my favorite one hit wonder. And this is very sad Norman Greenbaum is spirit in the sky.
Dad and that and that's a very depressing morbid song. I hate that song. You like that song?
Yeah, Norman Greenbaum, which I think he was like a born again Christian or something like that. Even with a name like that. I could be wrong, but what differences are we?
Let's see what is Eric say Eric had some more compelling information about our technical to fugly said know the server did not fix itself. I stopped and restarted several things, but I don't know which thing caused the initial problem.
If it happens again, I'll schedule some hardware tests to be run. We hope it don't happen again anytime soon. It happens, you know, like once every several months or every year or two or like that.
First time it happened with you here, right? Yep. Then our website went down well as a first very thing market on your wrist market on your counter like the guy in momentum. What was his name? Lenny.
Jeff says every moron who has a grain of thought in their head says you forgot so and so. He says these polls drive me nuts.
And more times than not they either have a lame song or whoever they chose had more than one hit. He says Jerry Rafferty had multiple hits behind Baker Street like right down the line plus his stuff he did with Steelers wheel.
Steelers wheel. Then they do right down the middle with you or something like that. What was the name of stuck in the middle with you? Oh, yeah, it's a good song. It is a good song. Steelers wheel.
Then he says how about the greatest single ever? My votes for the River Tens Papa Uma Mau isn't that sad?
That's what we're talking about before the greatest single ever. It's always stairway to heaven. Well, stairway to heaven. I don't think was a single. Was it?
Wow. I would know. Wasn't it from an out. You wouldn't know. Well, I know it's on an album, but I don't know if it originally came out as a single. I don't think it was a single. I could be wrong.
That was up 35 points. No big deal. Blackie who's so far beyond chronic. I mean, good guy, but just just out of control. Not to sound like a chronic.
You are or too compelling, but there's a wee mistake in one of the song titles. The waitresses song is called I know what boys like. Do we have a song by the waitresses on here? Oh, yeah, I know what boys want.
Yeah. Well, I think it's the same thing. What they like what they want. They want it and they like it. And he says I saw Nika time. It was a decent movie. I'm going to look for the movie called The Neighbor. Neighbor is good. Nobody though has seen the larger. It's a current movie 2009. It's about this Jack the rapper wannabe. All these chicks getting all these hookers getting killed in LA and stuff.
He says I hope this was a compelling email. Flea good song by Massey star. This is chronic blackie. Here's one that's really compelling. This email. I think this is even better than than what's his name? Okay. Stormy Jeff the forest just did the morning show today on 640. So he is back. Warmer guards Alex. He's been back for I don't know months. He's been on their 640 with his point. Oh, he's got he got about like we got you know, not much. Yeah, he's been there maybe a year now. He has. I would say he's been there a long time.
On 640 in the morning. You know something. I don't care. Talk about small potatoes. Even Frankie pentangely was a monster compared to me.
God. These are the people living in the past living in the old IOD days. Oh, you remember the great days in IOD. And those are the days when sports talk was one hour. And it was enough and more than enough.
Oh, my God. Lauren says the better version of conquistor was the live version recorded the London Symphony. Oh, my God. It appears on most best of Prochlearms collections and the one that you'll want to hear on the radio.
On the one that you will hear on the radio. As for the best one hit wonders, Zegarin Evans in the year 2525 or love grows where my rosemary goes by. I just like both those songs a lot. I didn't like your 2525. You did not like that.
No. Why what's wrong with it? I don't know. I just don't like that song in the year 25. It's a good sound. Like a little morbid. Yeah. Well, we're not going to be around to your 2525. We're going to be pushing up daffodils.
This one says how about bittersweet symphony by the verb for your poll. Oh, Mazzy star is a good one free. Well, see they like they agree with you on Mazzy star. I never heard of it. I had it another one to the toadies possum kingdom. You heard that.
The toadies. Yeah. It's pretty good. I've been told you remember the song Timothy by the boys. Yeah, I remember it and what about it? You remember this? Do you remember that?
Oh, I'll tell you one thing these emails are the best ever today so far. We just got started. I mean, they're not compelling. You're like that. No. What are you playing? It's audio e-sponsum kingdom. This is huge. Why don't I want to hear that?
Never heard it. Good song. Never heard of it. Just wanted to suggest some one hit wonders for your pool
Building says Frank some let me say it again one not some not a list. Oh
Debbie Boone and you light up my life the worst piece of swill. Oh my god
It's a song to commit suicide by well speaking of that. I got some very good news for you
Okay, remember my friend from Michigan that was suicidal a couple weeks ago
Yeah, and he got candid the furniture store where he was selling furniture
Well got an email from yesterday and he got hired by the competition by the other furniture a joint in town or one of them anyway
He didn't have a non-compete
Boy you've been in this crappy business too long
Although Nova fantasy Donny Iris Alia
Mountain Mississippi Queen. That's good. That's the only one of those four. I mean Debbie Boone come on
Debbie freaking Boone
This is one of this could be the worst email of all time you ready for it
Uh-huh and the good thing is for whatever reason yesterday and today so far this week most of those obnoxious fake chronics have gone
Oh seasons in the sun Terry jerks written by Rod McHughan a horrible song
Horrible song
Manning from Kendall says over the weekend a Southern movie that last house on the left thought it was very compelling
You might want to check this one out
Oh, and by the way Taylor
Lotter is one of the ugliest kids I've ever seen in my life
Nasty looking he looks like his nose got punched in by a giraffe
Well like maybe he still has no summer giraffe. I don't I'll you a pedophiles out there. Don't keep sending me these punks
God
17 years old and ugly I
Mean if he was 17 years old and really cute it would be interesting look at him, but he's not
Anyway, so the movie is the last house unlifted sounds familiar
P. S the metal band
Celtic frost does an awesome version of Mexican radio 10 times better than wall of do-do. Yeah, there's a lot of versions of that song. Or are they really?
Oh, here's another one
This is in response to the thing about defobia on our station doing boxing last night
It says Hank Goldberg was on waxy 790 last night doing traffic and weather
That is amusing that was fruity. Oh, that'll be the day
Yeah, when is the baseball card show start somebody wants to know I don't know we're gonna take a poll and see if it's compelling enough
Now what was the email I said that was the worst of all time I
Think I printed it out. Oh, yeah, here you go
Tony says I've been trying to get my girlfriend and some of the guys that work interested in your show would like them to hear some of the
Mickey bits and the recent Merlin's take me out to the ballgame song
Merlins do we have a
Marlins take me out to the ballgame
I'm gonna get out of the Marlin. I don't know. I can't find these anywhere
Will they be put on your website anytime soon? I doubt it. I
Don't see any of the newer stuff on there. Love your show get that
Fling guy to up and get the website updated. Yeah, you got to get together with the Eric and just beating with a stick
Okay, well, no, it wasn't you gonna update the website once you got on another machine or whatever switched over to the new machine
That's what I heard well maybe he hasn't switched over yet because the website is old and stale
Old and stale we need to get a lot of that old all those pictures off of there all those old books and
Stuff
But all these people that want this bit and that bit oh can we get the Mickey bits on there? No
First of all the Mickey bits are so worn out although you said you'd like him. I do like him a lot
Why cuz they're funny
They're compelling
They were funny the first 5,000 times each
Maybe what we'll do is today will play them all that would be really compelling
You bitch you slut you hoard
Eisner mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square
Foreign
The vacuum cleaner
Eisner but sir look when we don't admit down man had 40 second street is incredible
I don't know what publicly. I supported that but you took all the part away. You're killing me
I'm going through gavoscow my pants. We're just scouting areas calm dad
I'm gonna need but months don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with lead row and stage
128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole network. What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
You
Yes, I've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder
When yourself up for heaven say
And
God sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God you're still running James Bob movie
There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steamboat will he on and be done with it?
Lisa I'd make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine you mentioned we will in stitch and now we have the new em night
Shumman movie coming out later this time signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign?
You got a sex wing and some of these titles cast me
please
Remus
Remus
I know you can't hear me
Remus
Yes, sir, I'd be very careful the next time I started my car fire you
What do you mean? I'm not done with you what bad done?
Sir I'm in your job, but sir you're terrible. I'm sorry. Maybe I put remiss in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus
What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Well there you go
You wanted to hear it so I come to fight out the Humper according to these emails was on
Crosses tree last night. Do you believe that sure why not?
You do why not he's not employed by us anymore
Well understand that but why would he waste his time with them? I don't know. Maybe they're paying him
Got a bunch of emails. Here's one that says no choice. Hank was on 790 labaster show doing your goofy sports update with traffic
I was rather surprised says James he even said something like stew goths was the best call I ever made
Stoogatz oh boy now he invented stew goths and he also invented clearance
Wow keep that in mind
Next time you want to be angry at the a thumper
TR says can you put either shine head o'conn we can make 4,000
One-hit wonders on this list if you want. I don't care
China do con nothing compares to you soft sell tainted love two of my favorite songs and definitely one hit wonders
It says choosing one I'd go with shine head for ripping the Pope
On SNL they were both big singles. That's for sure. I can add them both go right ahead soft sales should definitely be on there
Yeah, yeah, I had a couple of emails on that tainted love how come that's not on there
I thought it was are we sure I don't want to put it on there twice. I'll double check
Now I'm I'm checking right now. I'm going up and down the list up and down Robin Luke and Susie Darlin on dot records
Art and Doddy Todd Sean saw down more you got to be really older remember that I would say 1950 a seven or eight. I don't know
Like that
It's pretty good songs on this list and some pretty bad ones too
I mean the question is which of these one-hit wonders was the best not name a bunch of one-hit wonders
Taylor Lautner by the way is an ugly kid. Sorry whoever sent that in bad taste
This one says sounds like a joke, but Hank was actually doing traffic and weather during the last year
Joe although it sounded like he was on the phone maybe it was a put on
Because that's their speciality do you're every day on that show from what I'm told
Although the one time I heard it for a few minutes. Oh my god
Sophomoreic embarrassing juvenile
But nevertheless
They got an audience over there in the afternoon. That's all they got they got absolutely nothing else
And from what you're telling me that morning show is an abortion. What are they going to get your giant in morning show?
They're engoosed up a little bit. I don't know
When streaming to your page is that image of you live ask somebody in surfside
When streaming to your page what what does that mean
No, there's no picture of me live
Maybe my head in the mailbox. Maybe that's when he's talking about
Delight groove is in the heart
You want to put that on there? Sure, that's good. It was in the heart. I never heard that. Oh, yeah. I was good bootsies in that band
Who bootsie?
Bootsie you don't know Bootsie
He was the bass player in the uh for James Brown
Big deal. Oh, he's good though
Love is blue by Paul Merriott
And I instra metal how can instrumentals be the but well I guess they could be
For example tell star who did tell star
I could look it up in the book and I guess I'm going to have to because you don't know
1961 62 tell star you don't remember that
instrumental maybe
This one says I saw movie over the weekend called taken
With Liam Neeson not bad starts off a little slow but takes off there for about 10 minutes could be compelling
I made corn beef Cuban style to go with the movie. It was very compelling and life is good. It says oh, you should you well
That's great
I'm sure that compels the audience to reach for the dial shine head O'Connor nothing compares. You as a great song says Keith also don't forget
Bismarkey just a friend
You guys kick mega ass as Keith. Yeah, we do our own usually
Yeah, they're using that Bismarkey song in a heineken commercial now. It's actually really good
Really with the taxi driver says a little stranger drive you home
Hank Goldberg really did do traffic and sports last night update
They said they had rapper tricked daddy to a last week. It was great
tricked daddy done the last week
Here's another one. It's true about the hump around waxy the little bastard show is using two bits in the sports updates
He says he gave stugots his name and the traffic update. He says it's raining. Oh
Well, we'll get to the bottom of it. I don't know. I just don't see the hump are doing that
I don't see him lowering himself to their level, but I could be wrong because I don't think he's like a big fan of a little bastard
No, it's making firm. He was on
Been confirmed by whom Steve Sloan heard it
Steve Sloan heard it. Yep. He was listening to over there. He was
What sure. Hope he didn't have one of those devices on
Won't you wear my thing around your neck? That's what arbitrons says to people now the old Elvis song won't you wear my thing around your neck
Let's see. Can you put on my favorite happy hour joint Johnny Kemp just got paid
Friday night just got paid Johnny Kemp
38-year-old brother listening and sent that
You know that song just got paid. It's Friday night. Yep. Do you you're gonna put it on there?
Sure
Somebody wants to know why it's free adding songs to the pulpit out asking you some yenta because he wants to what do I care
We can put 40,000 on there and then every time I read it takes another half hour
Kill some really good time and it's compelling
Tom and Gainesville says how about Rockwell who's watching me now?
Oh, you got a guy called TV ads song drives me nuts can't get it out of my mind
Or Thomas Dolby blinded me with science compelling enough for you long time
Listener back to the KAT days lone hockey fan in Gainesville all these people have winded about Jacques Martin
loser he's got a loser branded all over his frog forehead
He was a crappy coach or even worse GM and he's gone and thank God for that
Jack Martin
Yeah, then Alan Cohen. He sure is running one hell of an organization. You know what?
If anybody wonders why they have made the playoffs in nine years and why nobody cares. Yeah, see hire that guy
What to hire the guy that ran a failing team
Right nice job by the Canadians
Oh, yeah, well, that's your team now the kind of the ends the frogs
They obitons boy, they make me nauseous
Getting into organized hockey and knowing sport from there
One thing about here man you got a hockey crap on just all the time and never stop
Well, they're commercial now let's see what he's starting from
So the penguins won at they swept didn't they?
Sure, they swept while you don't know you're just guessing
That we want oh there's Bob Bonn and Joe Boe
Detroit I think played better than we did and
Yeah 63 64 leaves one three consecutive Sandler Cup 62 63 64 and then again 67
You ready for that and that's it that was the end. Oh is that that was the end my friend
They just wore down their big big horses. There's Gordie how Gordie just played so much face time out
Where's but lynch used to come gourd how they hear they call guys named Gordon they come gourd
Do you ever hear anybody name gourd gourd how nope? Well, it's another it's like clicks, you know, it's like 50,000 clicks
There's Bill Gatsby all those old red wings man another red wing still winning Stanley cups making all of the least kick their ass in this game
Trust me
I know another great moments in your career is now being shown
You've got a lovely portrait of Bob Bonn scoring the overtime winner against the Detroit
On a broken ankle. Yeah great living in the past just like the dolphins man living in the past
Hank was doing a funny bit. They've been having guests to do them on leby o leby. I never heard that before leby
They had tricked daddy
Mean Jean ocarland wrestling announcer now Stu Gats
He was actually taking the shot at Stu Gats when he got the name correct. I found this dictionary reading below
Oh careful it contains Joyce
Yeah, it's got some words of it
Often used in reference to someone being an ass clown all or doesn't say clown, but you can imagine you can only imagine what it says
Stu Gats
Yes, the food fits were it
Is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
No
Serve in washing tongue
What the guy in charge is a radio talker. He's a piled up and son of a dumb
Well, he began bald as a man can come and he screams into the microphone
And if he said something at the deal peed on like a good just leave it on
That's because
I gotta say you don't curse from a Reagan's name
You don't criticize George Bush
You don't quest where the we should be taxed good and you don't mess around with brush
You don't get married if you're gay
You park your hair on the side with a brush
You don't kill any credit to hold on bomb. I had to don't mess around with brush
Love 101. Hey, guess who's doing this game the penguins in the black hawks
Ronin you ever come down Ronin children the front of fucking
My clang wow
You know my clang not personally. I do
How do you like that mr. hot shot man look at you pulling my clang. I know all the hockey amavans. I even know Jeff rumor
Uh
317 votes on the pool. Here's the list the reason I'm gonna read it is because
Uh, then that way you'll know whether they're on here or not. We won't be getting people. Oh gee
How come you know pull wall of doodoo on there
Wall of doodoo is number one Mexican radio 48 votes. Which of these one hit wonders was the best
It's pretty damn compelling if you ask me now as compelling as uh what's his name jerk jerk street but pretty damn close
Climax precious and few 32 they had another marginal hit. I think I don't know
They did I can't think I have to look in the book
Oh, I need a word ring my bill a lisha bridges. I love the nightlife 19
All at the disco. You know that whole business about disco sucks. That was that was bull crap
disco was great disco was fun
And then Steve doll went there into what used to be Kamisky Park in Chicago and burned all those disco records remember that?
Oh, yeah, and then that was the big thing that convinced everybody. We became trendy to say oh disco sucks
Ace how long has this been going on 18
Bobby Day rock and robin 18 Tony Basil basil and Mickey 13 horrible song. Yeah
Annoying
By a while wow, I want candy 12. What is a million on here? I just love the lead singer of that band had to he just crush on her
By a while. Yeah, she was hot with a mohawk. He wasn't a by a no
12 votes for that silhouettes get a job 11 undisputed truth smiling faces sometimes 10
Laurie London. He's got the whole world in his hands on capital records 10
I know annoying
Digible planets rebirth of slick cool like that 10 waitresses. I know what boys want 10
Is that it wander like I know what boys do yeah side gone kick lovers on the way 7 Martin Page in the House of Stone and light 7 John Paul Young love is in the air 6
Concrete blind Joey 5 Mary Wilson telephone man 5
Dan Lear's one summer night 5 Jodie Reynolds endless sleep 5 that was a good song not Joey Reynolds Jodie
There's a guy named Jodie were we're talking about that not too long ago Jodie Davis
Guys named Jodie
Slive Fox. Let's go all the way 5 positive K. I got a man 5 soft cell tainted love for
Mazzy star fade into you for Karina temptation for gene night mr. Big Stuff for who do you think you are Edwin Collins a girl like you for
Robin Luke Susie darlin 3 on dot records
I never saw him. I don't think I don't know what he looked like well. What a shame
Luna's I got 5 on it 3 green jelly 3 little pigs 3 the totes possum kingdom 2 Billy Parsons all American boy 2
Bismarkey just a friend I'm your friend 1 shine hit or come nothing compares to you 1 regio and manhattan spiritual 1
That's a great instrumental you got it boy. I sure wish we had that to play
Manhattan spiritual free movement. I found someone of my own none art and dotty Todd chan saw and I'm more none K. W. West
Please don't go none and Joe public live and learn none
The reason those are honors because they were on originally when we did this 100 years ago
You know the one thing on the history Eric if you're paying attention which probably not
Eric's probably making a few uh
Maloney sandwiches
Now Eric air say uh you know big guy he and he's not a vegetarian either. I'm sure of that
You don't find too many fat vegetarians am I right now prince builder
Who's that uh baseball player for the Milwaukee brewers
Never heard him Cecil fielder's son. Oh that big fat guy. Yeah, he's a vegetarian now
Cecil fielder hadn't asked the biggest as big as some ball perks. Yep
God
On the short side after he shot a Smith hit him from behind at Dan Paul Staggerwell
He stabbed Mike Lang in the back and the took his job
You know how that goes, don't you?
Anyway, what was it going to say something really very compelling and I forgot well
Because the originalist originally when we did this the I don't know what the date was
It was pull number six twenty six
Maybe Eric can give me a heads up on how far back that goes
Because the history we've got all the polls that we've ever done on the show since we started with the uh
website
But we don't have the dates
When we done them
Though you don't you think that would be
Somewhat interesting sure
And don't you find it also very disturbing that wall of do-do is number one now and it was number one
Let's see it had a seven votes the first time in precious and few had 75
And there were number one and two again here. Hmm. I love the nightlife was number three back then and now it's number four
Wow Tony Basil and Mickey was number four back. Oh those must have been really bad days back then
Ronic into his old in runs into his old man, but buskets bank to take control of it buskets in front of his own goal buskets remember dick buskets
Sam Hurst says Tony Basil some Mickey it blows your right Sam your cramudge in large Sam Hurst
Well, I sure remember those days channel 51 the dog racing report Tom jicke used to be on air. Tom used to grips a lot on the year
Sorry, Tom. It's true, but when I used to have jicke on as a guest he used to like a lot. I don't know why he had like bad indigestion
And it's bad enough eating on the year, but gripsing
On the year is really bad gross. I bet you're what's his name? What is his name? The guy that could saw the fake guy ask why? Yeah
Very good ask clown is correct
anybody that we can't think about fake name they use
Ask clown AC
So the Humper was guessing last night doing a little sit-down comedy with
What's the name labastered lab turd yeah levy oh? Yeah levy
Remember scooter levy
Like a pair to go off the skate of Larry Murphy and into the night. I get hit every day. How'd you get hit him in the back? Yeah
Larry Murphy boy. He sure was great in Toronto. They booed him right off the ice. He's stunk
One of my favorite one hit wonders. This is a good one. Blue's image ride captain ride on Columbia records
I remember it like it was only yesterday. Remember it ride captain ride. That's good. Uh-huh
It was not good. It was great
Phil 49 years old and counties said as you said prokola Hermes no one hit wonder come he stood where it's fantastic
And watter shater pales one of my top five songs of all time. It's good
By the way any Lennox does an awesome version of it watter shater pal on her madusa CD
She's got a great voice
There are zidian other one hit wonders
But for today have to go with fleas pick behind the boat house by the totes great song mexican radio is at best
And I would go along with that after having heard I never heard of that before wall of uh
Do do
How about macarena by loz del Rio how about we never let's just forget anybody ever mentioned it okay. Can we do that
Here's the song I liked a lot alano day undercover angel
He sounded like a donny osmeter something. I don't know
Remember that undercover angel that was a one hit wonder yeah around the day
Huh that was a good one that was good
I'm shocked you liked it because it's a little bit gay. I don't know
Takes lie fox off the list they had a second hit called
comor te llama
Please add sunny came home by shan kulvin
I saw the movie taken last week one of the worst movies I've ever seen
I also read a doubt based on your recommendation the movie was average at best says
Haitian James from Atlanta now you saw a doubt when you say it was average at best
I would say it's above average
I'd say it's well above average. I'd say it was compelling. How do you like that
Even just for moral oh while what's in a moral streech performance it was compelling
There's an upside ball against the thing was
Murphy touched that one way outside yeah touch this
Well to each its own you know everybody's got their own taste some people have good taste like me
And some people have bad taste like that guy in where he was Atlanta your taste blows
James
One more for the pool song to by blur the singer went on to have hits as the gorillas
But I think that was the only blur hit BL you are yep remember that whoo yeah, I remember really yeah quick sound
That's what that was yeah, I know this that song um JP and we hawkets is haircut 100 love plus one
We're gonna have 40,000 songs on this it's pretty compelling
How about pepper by the butthole surfers
I love that band do you yeah, yeah, it's right up your alley I think
Brian says for the pool alone again naturally by Gilbert O'Sullivan. Oh my god. What a depressing bad song
Oh
As for a gourd how about former panther gourd Murphy well he was Canadian a
Gourd Murphy number four great show flees is Brian
Yeah, so far they like you would just find all you
Wow, a May west reference the drape Mike Lang he's something else
And they screwed him over for that stagger wall piece of turd
Tampa Bay bathroom is flush with success
Oh, this is good
The Tampa theater in St. Petersburg Nova 535 among the 10 finalists chosen in America's best public restroom contest
Says sponsor census corporation
Oh, they haven't seen my new toilet since they put the new top on it
You know once a great while the toilet won't flush properly and you have to take lift the top up and jiggle the uh thing
You have to jiggle your thing
Well, they put these new toilets in here and I did that thinking that you could lift the top up and it wouldn't like slip
Well, it just slipped right back and fell on the floor and cracked in half
So you remember yesterday they came in and put in they installed my new toilet tank top
Well, that was exciting now and don't tell me that that wasn't compelling that was
You could almost smell it all the way down there
Now here's Steve and Steve I think you're way off he says doing the Egyptian
I think he's talking about walk like an Egyptian. Yeah, the bangles
Says can't remember who's saying it though. Sorry. That's because that's not the name of the song walk like an Egyptian
And they had other hits too, so they're not really one-hit one. Oh, then don't put them on there
Says miss George a lot especially when you're not there. Please doing good job of filling George's shoes
I bet he scared Schmittless every day since Steve from Bokeh. Are you scared Schmittless every day? No, I doubt it
For the kind of money they're paying him. He didn't have a lot of pressure
Anyway, getting back to this Tampa Bay T-room after the break of course
Wow, I got a hundred bucks for a pot of gold and all I had to do was trap a leprechaun
In these tough economic times extra beer money is always welcome and you can get it with cash for pot of gold
It's so easy
Follow a rainbow capture the leprechaun and send them in that's right
Just send us the leprechaun in the insured refiner's return pack and will you see IA proven enhanced interrogation tactics to find out the location of the pot of gold
I'll tell you where me golden I'll tell you and in just two days. I got a check
Thanks cash for pot of gold so catch a leprechaun today and convert him into gold hard cash with cash for pot of gold
1118 at 560 WQAM ishma says can you add oh
If I wanted to pick one of the worst one hit wonders don't worry be happy who who did that Bobby McFarland? Yeah
Horrible
Unknowing and then channel four at the time use that for one of their ad campaigns remember that
I thankfully know
And oh god why hate that song it says also ishma says it sounds like Joe is giving you a very hard time like leave
Neil alone leave him alone. Yeah, leave me alone. Joe just go away. Don't go away. Man. Just go away
What what is he like an overgrown child is that his problem?
Maybe maybe when he was a little kid they didn't give him enough toys to play with. I don't know. He's just bizarre
I
Don't need any tips on how to do a talk show from a big tub of loser like you Joe just go away
Have a seminar with flea
Now I've got those the one hit wonder CD somebody was emailing me about that you know the ones that you get on TV
The time life stuff. I've got that but I don't want to get big all those out because then I would play him
And this is not a music show right
Now I wouldn't mind playing the whole conquistador by proko here. I love that song
Somebody says don't forget gourd denine a stay compelling Neil God gourd denine who's that I remember building in hockey player for buffalo
Gourd denine you know who that is no I have no idea. I don't either
Well good luck to you
I mean Frances these gold tender has a glider ready to only look off and beat him on the short side
And the penguins now lead six before well, you know
It's you know talk about living in the past those back-to-back Stanley cup wins by the penguins ain't gonna win one this year. I'll tell you that
You see Miriam with that long look on his push sitting up in a press box. You know being the owner of the losing team
Tampa Bay bathrooms flush with success
The Tampa theater in St. Pete's Nova 535 among the 10 top finalists chosen as America's best public restroom contest
Says sponsor at Senta's corporation these finalists have established a new standard for restroom quality. I still like the ice in the urinal
Ruth Chris very often has got ice in the urinal, you know really there's nothing like peeing on fresh ice
I don't know what it is. It's a psychological thing I guess
But you watch the ice melt, you know, is you like and you're melting it
You never you never tinkled on I on ice. I don't think so
You just don't go to the right restaurant span real real classy restaurants. They got ice in the it
Urinal and what's the purpose of that? I don't know
These washrooms the ones on this list are
Testaments to their proprietors sense of taste flare and attention to detail and feature some of the world's finest materials and customer comforts as well as a few surprises
The winner will be announced in August. Oh, Jiam on pins and needles. I can't wait
Tap a theater is bathroom highlights designed in the 20s feature a
vitro light
Something on walls shopped off
intricate tile designs and pipe shaped sconces
What is a sconce
Well, I'm not I'm not that much of a
Turbid expert. No, I know the scones that sconce I know what that is too. Oh, those are nasty. It's a British all that British food, man
I'll make here it'll bind you up for months
That's why the Brits are so uptight most of them haven't had a good VM in months and months and I like the queen
Oh, she's always got that uptight look on her favorite little purse what a silly person
Novas 535's bathroom highlights private restroom suites featuring full-length solid birch
Doors Italian mocha travertine with black-wanted diamond inserts and a completely touchless environment
What does that mean?
I guess if you if you go in there and nobody will touch it even if Larry crags in there
Says who will ascend to the throne and who's thrown to be stuck at the bottom?
I think there's a potty joke in there somewhere. So it says
Thanks boss. Boss is graduated from the obituaries, which I'm not doing anymore to a potty talk
When says the flirts and jukebox don't put another dime
You know that song? No, I don't either the flirts and jukebox. Oh, you know what we didn't put on there
We probably should even know I hated like poison is a spirit in the sky by Norman green bomb. Oh
Yeah, no boy
Down and then and then oh just so depressing songs to blow your brains out by
Just like seasons in the sun by Terry jerks
I wonder what we're giving jerks his own show. Let's bring them back two to four. What do you say?
Mm-hmm don't say that you're loud. George. Yeah, oh, I know
I know September 26 coming to a station near you
Like George always said if it failed across the street bring it over here and let's watch it fail here
So the Humper is hanging out with Le Bastard now, huh
Yeah, apparently don't you find that just bizarre? Hey stupid. I don't I don't get it
Well, maybe when we start taking calls the Humper will call in us
Yeah, maybe what are you laughing about that be great
He and I get along great
He's not gonna hate me just because he hates Joe Bell like poison and wishes he would die a wicked death
Boy, you should have been a fly on the wall when we are Hank and I ate at the woodbying that night. Oh brother
What a conversation
Hey, Neil and Lee George and says there's a good time a good time life in from Ursula highlights one hit wonders a several decades
Yeah, I know
So
Time life when it wonders it gives you the playlist you can get more ideas by the way
Is that Mazzy star song from the Jawbreaker soundtrack
It was before Jawbreaker then movie is out there. Love your show big guy always listen to George and thanks George and
Joe says a one hit wonder back around 1979 children of the Sun by Billy Thorpe still miss George
And he still ain't coming back
Now this is ridiculous
One hit wonders best ever ice ice baby by the Pimp vanilla ice
vanilla ice was the one hit wonder
Yeah, pretty much was he yeah, oh
Well, good thank God for that. There's some good news
Stanley pushes it wide
The Hawks are giving pitch for a lot of room in this third period of taking advantage of what the goal scores
I have and the people to make plays on the Hawks lose it again. Here's what we do the Chicago in a smash shot
Hockey man, that's what's that especially now that that frog god can't it sent off to Montreal where he belongs
He'll fit in like a real dumb frog there. He should take the knees by man with him. He's looking for work
Laura says my vote for one hit wonders is mamba number five
Oh, who did that? Oh
God I forget now annoying really annoying
Wasn't it was it I threw that CD out the window one time
Yeah, mamba number five very annoying somebody will I could look into book and see you did it, but I don't want
And you don't know
Lou Vega who Lou Vega Lou Vega, that's right Lou Vega
mamba number five, but that was like um
What was that other one that they played into the ground macarena? Oh same thing into the ground over and over and over and over and over who did macarena
Who cares exactly besides Al Gore
Kenny Gramers says star land vocal band afternoon delight. I think that's on here. Is it not that would be embarrassing
Afternoon delight. Maybe it's not on here
Somebody I think somebody else mentioned that, but it's not I mean we can only have like 45,000 songs on this list
He's got the whole world and his hand little or London
That song really was annoying
Remember it?
Yeah, annoying
Aggravating
Not suicide inducing there were there were very few songs in that category. That's a good pull someday by the way
The most suicide inducing song last kiss
By J Frank Wilson, isn't that what wasn't that the guy? Yeah, and later read in by Pearl Jam. Oh
God
More bandy pressing 384 votes on the pool and so far number one again
Just like when we did this 400 years ago
Wall of Dudu by Mexican radio leading the way 53 votes
Chicken ass
Another exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for Bernie Kabel's birthday
The loveboat was about life on a romantic cruise ship but the pilot episode featured a ship that wasn't nearly as nice as this lost classic shows
I am Julia crew director welcome aboard
I hope you're gonna make a story thing stupid I like them stupid wow
We're sure a
Oh you like I need to stupid job is there a problem
The original pilot for the loveboat the loveboat can be yours for just
1995 in local video stores video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this crap number 31
And we ship he said by the way with the pee
Um gordanie was a hockey player says blackie go away blackie have a nice day go away
Enough the nice am shrie was hockey player
Yes, you did
And the original macaroni was done by uh low still Rio low still Rio yeah
terrible
Bill says my favorite one hit wonder come on down to my port baby. No, it's come on down to my boat
And it says or is it boat yeah bill it was come on down to my boat
Who did that I can find out yeah go ahead I mean
What I really meant to say was yeah
Oh
Bill Parsons is actually Bobby bear who had a handful hits in the mid 60s and a bunch of country
It's in the 70s he was one of my craniries favorites regards Mickey Mantle's liver now that's bad
Come on down to my boat was every mother's son from other son right
1968 or nine I would say
You might write
Uh more I'm at it doesn't say oh well who cares
Oh, and here's a list 1967 close and the board goes back
Manning from Kendall go away, man, you bother me you just I'm just deleting some of these people
It says it wouldn't be my pick but Jerry Newman cars is definitely one hit wonder. Yes, Scott I agree with that
Do you agree with it I wouldn't vote for it, but no I wouldn't either
Because the pull question is the best one hit wonder what we're getting emails like crazy here today just the 80s in
A trillion
And I bet you we'd be getting a trillion calls to if for the phone work, but it doesn't
soon
Soon what if I don't be working soon soon rhymes with someday in June although we didn't say which June what year
Oh PR Ralph is very clever very amusing
He says the song by Johnny Fontaine. I have but one heart. He's saying only once so that makes him a one hit wonder
Or the one by Frankie pentangely pop goes the weasel remember that
Mm-hmm. That that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that was funny poor Frankie was getting so frustrated
Johnny Fontaine
I have
And Connie was quelling from the fact that Johnny Fontaine was singing her of course Johnny wound up. He got the part in that movie, you know
Remember Johnny Fontaine oh, yeah
If you don't remember Johnny Fontaine, there's a line in here somewhere
Although I do like this one. I offers this
Right
That's like that thing about the somebody says how does the thing come over the summer where I've you talked to Norman about the extra days in the summer
Yeah, there aren't going to be any my offer is nothing you could act like a man
That was Johnny Fontaine
Al Martino
Playing a really half-baked
Krunner which is what he was al Martino. He was no big Dana though. I love big Dana. God
God
Godu says good morning. We got an offer on our house that we could finally be moving out of the South Florida hellhole
We counter it so we're waiting to hear if they accept or counter our counter
Wish us luck so we can move from this dump and go to North Carolina
What why does everybody want to go to North Carolina? What's what's George obsessed with North Carolina? I don't know
And all these other people
I've driven to North Carolina. It's not a place where I would want to live. I'll tell you that. No too many go. I'm
You
Anyway, Roberts says I will definitely listen to your show on the internet. So else I wouldn't have moved not
and then he's got a poem
F Joe Bell he really smells tell fat boy to go to hell
Well arrives anyway little hostility there Robert
If that phone rings that it's him. I'm I'm taking your advice. I'm not gonna answer it
I'll let him leave a message
He just goes out of his way to be annoying
And he thinks he's gonna get to me. Do you think he's gonna get to me?
No
He's not
Roberts is I think the definitive 80s one hit wonder has to be dexies midnight runners with a great song come on
I lean it wasn't a great song, but it was one of the big one hit wonders of all time. Yeah, but you know what?
All right VH ones like best songs of the 80s. It was number one
Yeah, that's what I said, but that's yeah, that's way off that song's not number one
It's okay, but not number one
Says the song was a huge hit in the early 80s and the group was never heard from again
So we better get it on there come on I lean by dexies midnight runners. I'm on I'm really shocked that it wasn't on the pull the first time
Because if it had been it would be on there now
Because it seems to me and George used to get really upset when I would do these because then I'd get the discs out
You know and play some of the cuts
I got it here somewhere come on I lean but I don't want I could play it, but I don't want to I don't want to hear it
A sconce by the way is a small wall light usually found in halls or back rooms
And Kenny graver sent me a picture of a urinal with ice enough ice to sink a battleship in it now. That's over the top
Over the top
There should be just like a little ice down in the bottom. You know where they have that little blue um
Would you call that thing
Like a cozy
What would you call that little thing they put in the bottom of a urinal in a public place?
I think they called a urinal cake
No, no, I'm not talking about that. I know what you're talking about. No, these are like little blue
cloth
Plastic plastic things not cloth plastic. Oh, yeah, like the S screens there to stop stuff going down. P screen
Yeah, that's it a P screen
Percy and Miami Lakes is I heard you say that disco came to an end when someone smashed a bunch of disco records and made a
Training to hate disco. No, I didn't say that. I said that was a part of the whole movement
I sure wish someone would have the balls do the same for hip hop at promotes illiteracy. Well, there you go
Maybe you can run a big promotion on that at the at the
What used to be Joe Robbie stadium and what it was in now land shark land shark. Oh, that sounds really good. Lowen shark stadium
Run a big big promotion there and just burn all the hip hop
My Shirona by the Nackwazee who shit. I don't like it, but I think it will get some votes as Phil
My I like that song my Shirona
Now don't we have a bit
Joe Carroyo. I'm sure it's to that uh
I'll find it
Joe Carroyo
There it is. Hold on
Give me that I have to get the rest of the
So tell a car
I'll hold up the car for wrong
The car for wrong I don't expect you're up with a car for the sun
I just want to say give me that
Let's go up to the ground and get the gas
Not to fly the white speeder is me
A-A-A-A-A-WOW
Joe Carroyo
Joe Carroyo
Joe Carroyo
Joe Carroyo
Oh, me, you
Me, you god
Starting next week on 560 W-Q-A-M
It's my three sport holds
Starring Greg Reed has Uncle Greg
Moe Howard David
Healthy Gilders Leaves
And gay Carlow
I'm gay
Thank you, brother
Thank you, thank you
Princess, why you doing this?
Going on here
They're teasing me, Uncle Greg
And I have a big day tonight
You're all right both of you
Cut that out
Now I want all you kids out of my kids
I know
Joe Moe
Yeah boss
Would you give me a haircut?
Sure
Thanks, right there
The I'm delivering this 50 million dollar check to
Mark Rocky Rackicco
To help put us out of business
Well, it's out of business
That don't make sense
Well, life gets boring
And Joe, never mind
I know what I'm doing
Now cut my hair
Okay, boss
And what's that noise?
Well, that's a Gildey
Drowning in a bowl of soup
Well, candy's sweet
That let them die
Moe, what's this sticking out the side of my head?
That's your ear
I could cut that off through if you like
Yeah, that's it
Joe, cut that out
Whatever you say, pal
No, that's it
My dreams for it hold
Only on 560 WQA
Your community mind is for its warehouse
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Haven't played that in a long time
Much too long
1145 at 560 WQM
Haven't looked at that schedule for today
See if there any new names on it
I don't think there is
No, I think it's a normal
It's pristine. Oh, it's normal
Well, that's not a good thing
We got the big oh
Oh
From 2 to 4
He always
Rock solid
Mad Dog had novo 4 to 7
And then after that, it's down hill
Norfolk and night 708
With the wooden Kimba Bo camper
And then 8 to 11 D. A. Show with its share
With its
Oh, what's the point?
Oh
What's his story?
Not sure
I mean, is he working for free too?
Like you or what's the deal?
He's working for practically free
Is he really?
Yeah
How do you know that?
I hear things
Yeah, I know you do
They talk to you
You know where all the bodies are buried
Nigel says my pick for best one
It wonder has to be hot, hot, hot by arrow
Oh, talk about annoying
That's another one they did for net campaign for channel 4
Hot hot hot
Remember that?
Oh, unfortunately
It says I've probably heard that song
And at least six different languages
Well, it's not great
That exciting or what?
Just because comes for the net
He makes the move away from that goal now
Still being questioned by Brian Marchman
Gagger turns away from him
Still controlling the buck
And shoots him on the go to the view
Takes the biscuit
The view turns around
What are you going to go with it?
Smithers on him
The pink ones dazzling people with the
Looms are making
Look at the view, dance for that buck
Mary on the other side
Alonie shoots it
Gloved by golden or has it
And he holds for a face off
Wow, hockey intensive baby
Because it's really compelling
Even though nobody in South Florida cares about it
They wouldn't know Jacques Martin from Freddie Martin
No
From Billy Martin
He's still dead by the way, Billy Martin
Yeah
Nasty guy
Eddie Murphy, my party, my girl parties all the time
I don't think so
Eddie Murphy
Esmeral singer, okay
Oh, that was a horrible song
Yeah, and he's a horrible singer
Yeah
Also with this, who did you talk to norm about those extra summer shows
There aren't going to be any summer shows extra
Trust me what I tell you
I might give them one
You might you might tell them if they get bent out of shape
But with the fact I can't work on Friday
You I might give them one and give them that day back
You'd like in the summertime
You following that
Mm-hmm
Well, they might want it back, you know
Oh gee, he must eight days in April
And he will always always sick
And he's always taking off to do stuff and blah blah blah
Yeah
Too bad
Here's the
Here's the
Lowdown on the ice in the urinal
Okay
It says as the ice melts
It serves to slowly flush the urinal
And also cools the urine
To prevent some from rising during use
Mm-hmm
To prevent smell from rising during use
Oh
The ice may also provide entertainment to patrons as they urinate
Oh yeah, it's very entertaining watching it melt
Hahahaha
Power prospecting, I just got a uh, uh, facts
Outbound call center call Emily
I'm not sure which is the most annoying to me
I guess calls
Because calls you got to get up off your ass and go run to the phone, you know
Oh gee, this is so and so calling from a direct buy
And we want you to buy a whole bunch of crap
Go away
Tell star was by the tornadoes
1962 instrumental performed by the tornadoes
Waaaaawwaa wait
Waaaaawwaa wait, you remember that
I do
It was the first single by a British band to reach number one on the US billboard hot 100
Was also number one in the UK, hey
Hmm
I bet you didn't know that
I did not
You won't hear about that under them uh little master show
The record was named after the AT&T Communications Satellite Telstar, which went into orbit in July
62. The song was released five weeks later on August 17, 62, was written and produced by
John Meak and featured a clavio lean, a keyboard and similar with a distinctive electronic sound.
CalStar won the Ivor novella award and is estimated to have sold at least five million
copies worldwide. This novelty record was intended to evoke the dawn of the space age
complete with sound effects that were meant to sound space-like.
A popular story at the time of the record's release was that the weird distortion in background noise
came from sending the signal up to the Telstar satellite and re-recording it back on Earth.
Sure, it's more likely the effects were created in Meak's recording studio, which was a small flat above a shop in London.
It's been claimed that the sounds intended to symbolize radio signals were produced by Meak running a pen around the
rim of an airstray and that the rocket blast off at the start of the record was actually a flushing toilet.
I wonder with Icer without. With the recordings made this sound exotic by playing the tape and reverse it various speeds.
Icer was in Boston when I came out listening to Bruce Bradley on WBZ.
Boy, those were the days. I used to like junior walker and the all stars.
Yeah, shotgun. Yeah, great to. But they had another one that was even better than that.
Junior Icer was in Boston when I came out listening to Bruce Bradley on WBZ.
I've got it here somewhere.
Shot was back in what 19 so I want to say 60 I have no idea.
Five or six probably I would just be making a wild guess.
How much does it take to when you love what was in it was that the title or my make it butchering that.
I got it here somewhere.
Cleo's back. No, not Cleo's back. Okay. Come on junior walker and the all serious you can do better than that.
Aren't you googling it? Well, I have a list of all their hits. Well, let's hear them.
The only number one was shotgun. Yeah. Oh wait, no, they had another number one which was what does it take to when you love that's the one I was talking about.
Yeah, fine. You know, you're better than that. And they had a number two hit called got a hold on to this feeling. Sure.
Junior walking the also is great group. What's that got to do with one hit wonders? I don't know. Just like that song.
Oh, let's just name a bunch of songs. You can't get any more compelling than that. Well, there's that loser Mike Keenan behind the Chicago bench.
It's for six Chicago five and one of these two teams is going to call time out right now. I believe.
Now I started I five score a jogger scored a minute thirty seven into the contest. Nobody's it call time out.
The book I love by the monotones. I wonder wonder whom. That's a great song and I agree with that. Get it on there right away.
I've never had another hit. Am I right? I believe you're right. I'm positive. I'm right. The book I love by the monotones.
Rang. How about I'm torn between two lovers by Mary. I'm a Gregor. The worst song of all time. I can't live if living is without you.
Whenever they play that song, it's time for Russian roulette says Yovan. Oh, Yovan. Oh, no. Not Yovan. Remember the lane tune toy soldiers by Maritka? That was pure joy.
Yeah, it was. And so why are you sending it to us? This is what they're doing now. Just just naming songs, including a lot of bad ones too.
The neck had a second hit. Good girls don't. Good girls don't get girls don't, but I do. Yep. The melody was used in your bit. Girls don't fart.
Stay compelling. It says yeah, that's right. Don't put the neck on there. Do you already put it on there too late? Too late? The neck.
And somebody got three votes. That's because they like that song. My sure.
I'm going to throw it on it. Joe Carrillo. Oh, this game is almost over.
French Sutter. Penguins lead six five. Roni for the fucking. The thing was the dancer. One man shoots it.
But he missed the net. 13 seconds left. Rocky ain't golf enough. He was got the fucking he can't get it out right in front of like.
Oh, I want to save my grandson right up the plane. Move. Good. Right in front. Five seconds ago.
Loose around the bar corner. Two seconds of penguins. I'm going to win the Stanley Cup. I believe.
Stanley, he'll shoot the black. The big one. The Stanley Cup. Well, good for them. Talk about living in the past.
All these franchise, all of their, you know, they're in it again now. Dolphins.
Dolphins live in the past and they make beliefs. Oh my God.
Living in the distant past 1967. That's what 42 years. Wow. 42 years. Not only since they won a Stanley Cup,
but since they actually were in the finals even 42 freaking years.
Foxy, get off. You know that song never heard of it. No, but I added Everlast what it's like to the list.
What about this song was a huge hit. What's it really? Could have fooled me. Well, you ever heard this song jump around? Yeah.
This is the lead singer of that band of house of pain. When he went solo. That's enough.
Oh, here's the fake Jeff Rimmers is the melting ice acts as a slow continuous flush.
Ice cools the air around the urinal cool air sinks.
Which serves to contain the smell cool the scourges drain flies.
This is fun to melt helps users aim better and compensate for poor male sanitary habits ice in the urinal.
Leave it to remember to come up with that. He probably likes it because you don't have to pay the extra for it.
I don't know, but during the break I'm going to run down and throw some ice down in the QAM urinal.
Yeah, throw some ice down there. Okay. In fact, just go to jolly Joseph or fist and throw some about two, three pounds of ice on his ass.
Oh, no. You're listening to me. And then you're dangerous. Well, here we go again.
Yeah, and then Pion. This is Coach Dineshuler and I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
All right.
I hope to join in the morning. I hope to join tonight.
I hope to join in the afternoon. It makes me feel alright.
All right. I hope to join this time of week and doing time of war.
I hope to join people. I hope to join. And then I hope to more.
Oh, my daddy wants to meet a newbie. Hard-working man.
My mama wants to meet a newbie. She can't.
I said one day I met him at the gym for me and said,
I hope to join when I get up.
In the shower I hope to join. I hope to join when I play the video game.
And that's everything that I was in place. I hope to join.
I hope to join this time of week and doing time of war.
I hope to join people. I hope to join. And then I hope to more.
I'm dying out there.
I hope to join.
Oh, my daddy wants to meet a newbie. Hard-working man.
My mama wants to meet a newbie. She can't.
I said one day I met him at the gym for me and said,
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I hope to join. And then I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I said, I hope to more.
Oh, to join. That's what I do.
Oh, to join.
Come and hope to join with me any morning.
Oh, to join.
Come and hope to join with me in the afternoon.
Yeah. Oh, to join.
It would be rather you know who joined.
I'm going to love and see your home.
Oh, to join.
Oh, you want to see that?
Oh, to join.
Oh, to join.
That's what I do.
Oh, to join.
So, 04 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday to you, whatever it is.
And this is one of the worst emails in history.
All right.
Haitian James says, on the greatest Murrell Street fan.
So to me, her performance in doubt was average.
Really?
Whereas you are just starting to appreciate her talent.
Her performance in doubt was average.
My ass.
Well, didn't she get nominated for an Academy Award for that performance?
In doubt.
Yeah.
No doubt.
Since if you want to see a great performance watch, Sophie's choice 1982, probably the greatest performance ever by an actress.
Please add, lay freak by sheet to the list.
Okay.
Well, that tells us a lot right there.
Lay freak by chic.
Says Haitian James.
Her performance in doubt was average.
Oh, my God.
Then it's like sacrilege.
She was so great in that movie that there are no words in this grab it.
Spectacular phenomenal.
Compelling.
When you say her performance was compelling.
Yeah, it was great.
More compelling than this damn oldies music show we're doing today.
One hit wonders.
I bet you they don't think this is too compelling, you know?
Now, if I wanted to take the time, well, I could still do it.
I can crawl around on the floor here or go into my drawers and find all the one hit wonder discs.
I got them and play like little bits and pieces of some of these.
Remember bits and pieces by the day of Clark Five?
Not that they were one hit wonders.
No.
I like them a lot, Dave Clark Five.
Yeah, they were good.
In fact, the British invasion, everybody, you know, the Beatles this and the Beatles that the Beatles were sensational.
But there were a lot of other good groups in there.
The searchers weren't bad.
Lies.
That's the QM theme song.
Lies.
Here's the poll so far, 400 in the Samad votes.
How many we got?
449.
Which of these one hit wonders was the best?
I guess Eric wasn't listening when I asked him about what the date was the first time we did this.
A poll number 626.
Which of these one hit wonders was the best?
626, Eric, have you got a date for me or what?
Can you ask him that in a little box, a little chat room?
Yeah, Neil wants to know what the date was of poll 626 when we did this turkey the first time.
Well, anyway, it was the same result on the top two.
In fact, the top three.
Wall of Dudu, Mexican radio's got 58 votes.
Climax, precious and few 38.
Alicia Bridges, I love the Nightlife 25.
Bobby Day, Rock and Robin, 23.
Anita Ward, Ring My Bell, 21.
Ace, how long, 21?
Pretty much the same group.
Although you added the totes and possum kingdom, that was not in the first time.
That's got 20 votes.
Tony Basil, Basil, Mickey, 20.
Oh.
Oh.
Silhouettes get a job 17.
Digital planets re-birth of slick, cool like that, 15.
The waitresses, I know what boys want, 13.
I know what boys got.
Soft-cell, tainted love, 12.
Lowery London, he's got the whole world in his hands, 12.
Bow, wow, wow, wow, I want candy, 12.
Undisputed truth, smiling faces sometimes 11.
Dan Lear is one summer night eight.
Martin Page in the House of Stone and Light Eight.
Lose image, ride captain ride, that was good, seven.
Oh, and you know what?
Now, it wasn't a one-hit wonder, but it was a two-hit wonder.
If I can find it, the crying shames,
boy, they were just sensational.
Ten minutes in flight to walk along the sun last night
and to gaze out at the night through your own home.
Just the white things are...
It could be where I love the crying shames, remember that?
Probably not.
No, not really.
And what about up on the roof by the crying shames?
When the soul starts getting...
Better than the drifters.
Oh, I know, you can't say that.
That sacrilegious, Neil, the drifters are on the hall of shame.
Who cares?
Okay, word I leave off with is crap.
Lose image, ride captain ride, seven.
John Paul Young, love is in the air, seven.
Didn't that sound like Paul McCartney?
I always thought it was McCartney to that song, love is in the air.
Yep.
And it was John Paul Young.
Saga and kick, love is on the way, seven.
Yeah, there's four lottery.
What?
Saga and kick was from Fort Lauderdale.
Well, who cares?
Oh.
Mazzie star, fade into U6, Jody Reynolds, endless sleep 6.
Jody Davis, Jody Foster.
Banana's Foster.
Hmm.
Positive K, I got a man 6.
The neck, my shoe, rowing a 5.
But then we find out they head.
What was the other one?
Girls, good girls, don't?
Yeah.
I got to play girls, don't fart.
Doesn't have any fart sounds in it, don't panic.
Damn it.
Norman Greenbaum, spirit in a sky 5.
Bizz Markey, just a friend 5.
Corino, temptation 5.
Concrete Blonde and Joey 5.
Marie Wilson, telephone man 5.
Jean Knight, Mr. Big Stuff.
5.
Sly Fox, let's go all the way 5.
Edwin Collins, a girl like you 5.
Green Jelly, three little pigs 5.
Dexie's midnight runners come on our lean 4.
We ended that late.
I can't believe we didn't put that on the first time.
Well, once upon a time when we did that pull it was on her,
because I remember playing it.
Yeah, it had to be.
Shrine Hiddell Connor, nothing compares to you 4.
Blurr, song 2, 3.
Robin Luke, Susie Darlin, 3.
He was a little spastic, I think.
Robin Luke, I never saw him though.
That's one of the things I love about those time life info mercials, you know?
As you get to see the courting artists that you never saw them before.
And sometimes you see somebody and you always thought that they were black
and they turn out to be white or vice versa.
Mm-hmm.
Loonies, I got 5 on a 3.
Loonies.
Loonies.
D-light, Grovis in the Heart 2.
Grovis in the Heart?
What does that mean?
Oh, it's Groove, I misspelled it, sir.
No.
Billy Parson, all American boy 2.
KWS, please don't go to the monotones.
Book of Love, I wonder, wonder.
Everlast, what's it like?
One.
Regio and Manhattan, spiritual, all in one.
That's a shame.
And none yet for free movement, I found someone on my own.
Art and Dottie Todd and Sean Sondamore and Joe Public Living Learn, none.
How many did Sean Sondamore get forward?
Well, the first time we done this and Regio and a Manhattan spiritual had three.
Maybe the audience had better taste back then.
I don't know, did Eric give you a date yet of whatever poll number 626 was?
No, not yet.
Oh.
Maybe he's eaten three or four lunches now, could be.
George always hated these music polls.
I don't know why.
Do you hate them?
No, I don't hate them.
I mean, if you hate them, you can say it.
I'm not going to get all bent out of shape.
No, I tell you.
I don't hate it.
My lovely horse by father Ted and Dougal was a huge hit in the late 1990s represented Ireland in the Eurovision contest.
Well, whoopee do I never heard of it?
Do you ever hear my lovely horse?
No.
Oh, it's it's raining men by the weather girls.
That's a good one.
They never had another hit, right?
Not that I know of.
What are you laughing at?
Poll 626.
July 1st 2002.
So one month and seven years ago for one month less than seven years, right?
July 1st 2002.
Okay.
That's compelling to me.
The fact that Eric came up with that date at a boy, Eric.
Aren't you impressed?
Very.
Seven years ago.
Now it's going to be interesting to see how many votes we get on this because back then,
back in the day, seven years ago, we had eight hundred and eight hundred and fifty two vote.
Now I have no idea how long I left it up because what the trick I used to play to goose the total up is a lot of days
I would change the poll like at 10, 30, 11 o'clock and then leave it on overnight and the whole next day to goose up the total.
463 we got right now.
So we'll just leave it on there until we get a whole bunch of votes.
And we'll say, look at that.
We got more people listening now than we did seven years ago.
I mean, the fact that they're all 100 years old, we can't help that.
Everybody gets older, right?
I don't know anybody that's getting younger to you.
Now, that'd be great if you were born like at a hundred and you kept getting younger and younger.
But you have to stop at a certain point, you know, like 25.
We had 25 of you know, 20.
18 would be good.
18 would be a good stopping point.
What did you see that Brad Pitt movie or now?
The what movie?
The Brad Pitt movie where he starts old and gets young.
No, it's supposed to be pretty good.
I think it's 2009.
What about that other Brad Pitt movie I mentioned there?
Nobody has seen it.
This is the new deal on the show.
Every day practically I mentioned a movie that I saw the night before, which I thought to be pretty damn good, like Nick of Time with Johnny Depp.
And nobody saw it.
Well, Blacky I guess finally was the one person that saw that.
And the larger with Philip Baker Hall 2009 this year, it's not like it's a hundred years old, it's this year's movie.
Nobody saw the larger.
Oh, Neil!
Get the honey tuner!
I'm too sexy for my love, too sexy for my love.
Love's going to weave me.
Ah, hello.
I'm too sexy for my shirt, too sexy for my shirt.
So sexy it hurts.
How?
I'm too sexy for that webbing, too sexy for that webbing, that webbing's going to get it.
I'm a hunter, I hunt webbing.
I heal my little thing in the fallish.
Well, I'm a hunter, I hunt webbing.
I do my little thing in the fallish.
I'm too sexy for my bullets, too sexy for my bullets.
I put bullets in my rifle.
I'm too sexy for this fallish.
Be very, very quiet.
I'm hunting webbits.
I'm a hunter, I hunt webbits.
I do my little thing in the fallish.
I'm a hunter, I hunt webbits.
I heal my little thing in the fallish.
I'm too sexy for that webbing.
And pardon me, Doc.
Are you talking about me?
Oh, yes.
I'm going to quest you and use you for swippers.
My thoughts.
You are a mental case.
And you better put that gun down, laughing boy, before you hurt somebody.
I'll still will feast to your widow, therefore.
Black, the egg, the egg, the egg, the egg, the egg.
Oh, I think Elmer Fud is dead.
What?
I just made that up.
Phew.
The curious case of Benjamin Button.
Yeah, that's it.
Can you name her email, then?
And what?
That's it. That's a Brad Pitt.
That's what we were talking about.
Brad Pitt, born old, ages and reverse, taken from a story by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Ken, he says, pretty good, but not great.
Would you agree with that?
Pretty good, but not great?
I have a chance.
Now, what's the movie Brad Pitt was in when he was like about, I don't know, 1819,
where he was like the, his brother was that the goofball?
California?
No.
No, no, California is good.
True lives.
No.
True romance.
No.
He was like a track runner in high school or something like that.
Oh, I don't know.
And his brother was a Schneider.
What's that kid's name?
I'll find out.
Yeah, Google Brad Pitt and you'll find a movie.
Boy, he sure looked good back then.
I mean, all these people that think that Brad Pitt right now is,
Brad Pitt, if you see a close-up of him, man, he's got, his face looks like the moon.
It's got so many craters on it.
He was a rookie.
He's a rookie.
Ricky Schroeder, that's who I'm thinking of.
He was in the movie with Brad Pitt.
Really?
Okay.
Now, can't stand Ricky Schroeder.
You can't find it?
Yeah, I'm not even...
That...
The...
Then, then, then, then, he was in that movie where he was one of the fisherman brothers there.
What the... what the... what was the, um...
Kid with a pushed-in face that played the brother?
Was that true lies?
True romance.
No, not true romance.
True lies. That was on the... on the Schwarzenegger.
Oh, my God.
You wouldn't catch me watching that for all of money in China.
Foxy song, Get Off, was a Miami super hit that was played in all the clubs every night.
The band was local.
If you get to listen to it, you remember its grade.
Four of the five members of the group left Cuba, arrived in Miami in 1959.
Percussionist Richard Sumpen, or other, is the...
Richard Puente is the son of Tito Puente.
It said, when Casey and the Sunshine band were on tour, Foxy became the house band for Miami's TK productions.
Oh, speaking of Casey, do you know that...
I did a show, I think it was on Zeta from my house in Jacaranda.
And Casey was in my house on the show.
He brought some... speaking of bad complexion, he brought some pimply-faced teenager in there, you know.
But anyway...
Casey, Harry Casey, how's it going, Harry?
Now, see, there's a good example of how disco did not suck.
No.
Boy, Brad Pitt did a lot of movies.
Has it?
Yeah, what's the one I'm talking about?
I'm not sure.
Is it a track star?
Ah, not quite.
No.
Johnny Swade.
What is it?
Across the tracks?
That could be it.
Who was in that?
Let me see.
Ricky Schroeder.
That's it, Ricky Schroeder.
No.
Bad movie, but Brad Pitt looked really, really.
Here's one that says, who played K and the Godfather?
Ed Wantsonoe.
Oh, Ed, if you don't know, then you ain't no Godfather person.
Diane?
You know.
Keaton?
You're right.
You had to ask?
You know, Diane Keaton in the Puccino when that movie was being filmed had a thing going.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
Well, I saw on the biography channel.
I saw the bio of a Puccino.
Man, I'm learning a lot today.
Yes, you are educational, Schroeder.
Not compelling, but educational.
Can't everything.
I don't think the music shows are compelling.
Especially when we're talking about music from 100 years ago, you know.
Well, what's the most recent song that we've got on this pool?
The most recent song?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, I don't want you to go to up and down the whole list, but I mean, just give me one that's like in the last 10 years.
Well, I would say Everlast was around 2000, maybe.
Really?
What it's like?
Yeah.
Blur song 2, probably 98, 99 around there.
Because most of these are like from the 60s and 70s.
Thank God we don't have any from the 50s.
I would say Todie's Passenkingum was like 92, 93 around there.
Well, that's not so bad.
You don't have to be more than 100 years older, remember that.
Hey, it's got 20 votes already.
Well, that's you.
That's all you.
Because that wasn't on the first time.
July 1st, 2002, wasn't on there.
Well, that is simply leading to me, the fact that we got the date from that.
Stephen Pompato says, if you haven't seen it, I recommend the movie adaptation for you to try.
I told you you got to see that movie.
It has really great performances by Striep and Nicholas Cage, who normally I can't stand, but in this movie is fantastic.
I can't stand it, either.
No, but you know what?
I'm not a fan either.
You will like this movie and you'll like him in the movie.
Very entertaining, Pompato lots of surprises.
I'll like Nicholas Cage.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you.
You live so long.
You will.
You'll like it.
Adaptation.
What's it about?
It's about this guy that goes into the Everglades and he finds these flowers and he thinks that these Indian Jews and for rituals.
It's like a hallucinant drug, I guess, and him and Merle Street become addicted to it.
And she's an author and he's a screenwriter.
Nicholas Cage.
It's got a weird circle and connects all these people.
It's actually a really good movie.
Huh.
He plays Twin Brothers.
I wrote it down, but if I watch it, nobody will respond to it.
Then they'll say, oh, what are you talking about?
Just like that neighbor movie with Rod Steiger.
Alex says, where is George?
I listen when I can't on the net.
He was great and very entertaining.
We left South Florida a long time ago.
Well, George got canned for budgetary reasons.
And Flea is here and Flea doesn't make any apologies for it.
Flea goes over every afternoon to George's house, leaves a little bag of money on the doorstep.
Here's one that says, good afternoon, Neil.
I heard of you for many years, never listened because I had a job.
Finally began listening back during the Cecil de Dysel Collins break-in fee.
I was going to never turn you off.
Born and raised in Miami.
Schooled in Gainesville and building construction.
I actually moved back to Miami for a couple of years.
Oh, he lived also where I used to live.
Horizons, a hundred and seventh in Kendall.
Between sunset and Kendall dry.
Horizons.
Having developed all types of construction project,
mostly commercial for many years, and yet those empty high-rises are some of my work.
I myself moved to North Carolina, Lake Norman area.
It's just north of Charlotte.
Before Halloween 2003, the developer residential land my parents had bought.
My parents had moved back to North Carolina in 1994 after many years in Kendall.
The biggest reason that most people move to this are as follows.
One.
Wow, what is this long?
Do you want to hear all of it?
Sure.
Compelling.
They hate what their former home towns have become.
Crowded expensive, taxed out, maxed out, and generally not what they grew up with,
or moved to way back when.
And there's a lot more to come.
Oh, no!
You look so good.
Well, we were out on our first date.
After eating at a Mexican can be.
While we were driving in my car,
let one go that almost blew us both away.
I asked her did you cut that cheese?
Then she turned around to look at these tech girls on part.
Girls don't part, they get the hell in here.
They're girls don't part, but I do.
The older girls eat it,
they're like closing in my hair.
And so I go the windows down,
so I could get some air.
It's felt like something died in there.
Girls don't part.
Girls don't part.
She got the hell of me, that girls don't part.
But I do.
I heard another deadly squirt
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back
with just a matter of time before another attack.
So I asked if she was okay,
that she looked at these.
And also had the day was girls don't part.
Girls don't part, they get the hell out of here.
Girls don't part, but I do.
Girls don't part.
Girls don't part, they get the hell out of here.
Girls don't part, but I do.
But I do.
Oh, how do you like that?
Oh, right there at the ass end.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had a feeling that there was a little one of those at the ass end.
And then we got almost all the way to the end.
Well, I hit my thing and how about you?
It sounded like a raspberry to me.
Oh, okay.
Nigel says the reason my no one's responded to your movie suggestions
is because we're all waiting for you to watch
Shawshank Redemption so we can all chime in.
Well, guess what?
Hold your breath now.
Inhale.
I'll let you know what exhale.
Shawshank Redemption My Ass.
I got it in there somewhere.
I had a feeling that that you know,
because the girls don't fart and go his way back,
it predates joy by 100 years.
So I just had a stinking, a sinking feeling.
Molders says Al Patino's best role was in the movie Heat.
Robert De Niro and Val Kilmer in the flick also.
Best Hollywood shooting scene ever.
His best role was in Heat.
No way.
Better than the odd father parts,
the original one and part two.
No.
Not even better than dog day after day.
Addica.
Addica.
Hula.
Yeah.
Hula.
That was his worst role ever, I would say.
Hula.
Did you see that?
Son of a woman?
Yeah, I did.
Oh.
Talk about overacting.
Lame.
Yeah, that was one of those make up Academy Awards.
Yeah, that's right.
They made up for all the past transgressions
and they gave them an Oscar for a really garbage performance
and a really crappy movie.
Talk about over the top.
I will survive by Gloria Gainer for the poll somebody says,
what do you say?
Okay, I like the cake version better.
Do you?
Mm-hmm.
But I'll add it.
Like Michael said, decay in Godfather 3.
Cake?
I just, I don't understand it.
Whoever was involved in writing those stories knew nothing about diabetes.
At least Godfather 3.
Well, he knew nothing about dialogue either.
I was thinking last night how great it would be to kill Eli Wallach
with your bare hands or maybe with a couple of canolies would be good.
The worst acting performance in history,
Eli Wallach in Godfather 3.
Even Sophia.
Dead, dead.
Even she was better and she was tragic.
Now this guy from more than North Carolina, this thing is so long
and so ponderous.
I mean, you talk about not compelling.
If I read this, it would be the end.
And then he says, Cherokee Casino is 100 miles from my doorstep
of the degenerate crowd.
Well, good for you.
Good for you, G.
It's just, it's too long and ponderous about, you know,
the cost of land and taxes and this and that.
And it goes on and on and on.
You know, now let me ask you this.
Okay.
Did that raspberry get on the air or not?
Because that would tell me whether this thing is working now or not.
I don't know.
Well, somebody would tell us.
I heard it in headphones, but I don't know what that means.
No, because you're hearing what's coming from this board.
Right.
Don says Uncle Neil, love your show in spite of QAM.
The movie adaptation was based loosely on the book,
The Orchid Thief by Susan Orlean.
It tells the story of a colorful character named John LaRose,
who wanted to poach the rare ghost orchid from the Faka Hachi swamp.
Right.
Am I saying that right?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Of course, the swamp is protected land and the orchid is federally protected.
Big court battle with him, the government and the Seminole tribe who own the land.
Good book if you like to read.
No, I don't.
Thanks, Donna Mime.
I don't have time to read the stuff.
Poll suggestion, the last place I want to die in is blank with a list of,
no, I don't want to do any dying poll.
That to me, that's not compelling at all.
Death Polls, you know, like, I'm dying over here.
You think that's compelling?
That one, not so much now.
Oh, here's my favorite.
Sing has ever seen.
So I've come to this room to see.
Who's faster on the Internet?
I'll be using the 3G AT&T laptop.
Can I card that?
He won't.
Oh, yeah.
What's this thing with the Joe Rose Nandy Roddick?
What's he got a bug off his ass about Andy Roddick for?
Andy Roddick's a great player.
Oh, because he has such a fag crush on, what's his name?
Federer.
Roger Federer?
Oh, my God.
I'm not just an ugly.
Yeah, see, I'm not going to use mancress anymore because I hate it.
So I'm going to use yours.
I'm going to use fag crush.
He's got a fag crush on, oh boy, talk about bad taste.
Roger Federer is uglier than my ass.
And I think he's a little gay.
Do you really?
Yeah, I do.
You know who I think is a little gay.
And I probably isn't.
Who's the other one that just lost the other day for the first time in 8000 matches?
Raffi on the Dow.
Yeah, the Spani.
He's strange.
He's definitely in that category of people who just got off the ship.
He is bizarre.
You don't think?
He's a little strange.
He's got huge arms.
I hadn't noticed.
All you married Heterogies.
Oh, he's got huge arms and gigantic biceps.
And he's got a really big back.
Yes.
But I mean, just like disproportionate to his body though.
Kind of like Michael Phelps, whereas arms are like super long.
Yeah, another spaceship guy.
I bet today all came in on the same spaceship.
And also what's her name?
Susan Boyle.
She definitely was on that ship.
She's in the nut house now.
Did you see that?
She should be.
She's in a...
No, the people who have been pushing her over on the foisting her on a world other ones
are belonging to the nut house.
Yeah, that's it.
Or the people who have been buying it.
I dreamed a dream.
Oh, I'm crazy than a bad boy.
Wow.
It's a crazy world.
And let me just repeat something I've told you once or twice before over the years.
The media is sick and you can't be happy.
Yeah, and we need protection from them.
Oh, Alonzo, you're so big.
Well, here's the bad news.
The raspberry got on the ears.
So this thing isn't working again.
It never has been.
Really?
The good news is this bit doesn't have any of those symptoms.
Trust me.
So don't get all panicking.
Don't get nervous in your team, please.
Will they curse my name?
Yes.
If I farted in heaven...
Would I stand the shame...
If I farted in heaven...
Would the wrong cheese smell...
Send me straight to hell...
Or can anybody smell...
Up in heaven...
Does gas act the same...
Yes.
Does it linger in heaven...
Would you be ashamed...
To pull my finger in heaven...
I'll know these things...
When the flat lady sings...
Because I'll be the one who brings...
Cheers to heaven...
Because I know I'll be the one who brings...
Cheers to heaven...
I'll bring tears to my eyes just thinking about this place.
So let me ask you...
How do you know it went out over the air?
Because I've had a whole bunch of emails saying...
Not only was it on the stream but it was also over the air.
OK.
Raspberry.
Maybe it was a poison berry.
Coobee.
Yeah.
Let me say it to you again.
Just make a mental note of it and you probably want to write it on your description too.
This square yellow button is as useless as boobs on a frog.
Got it?
Boobs on a frog.
It does nothing.
OK.
Boobs on a flea.
Tracy says adaptation is an excellent movie with an excellent score.
You should trust flea and watch it highly recommended.
I got news for it.
I don't trust anybody the way this place is going off.
Can you believe that?
No.
I mean, talk about the height of your responsibility and neglect.
Neglect.
And this guy's going to call me and give me a seminar on compelling radio.
Jesus.
God.
Somebody needs to give them a seminar on compelling engineering.
Should we test it again?
I can count ten.
No, let's not.
You can try it.
Well, what do you mean by that?
I'll count to ten.
You hit your dump and we'll see if it goes over the air.
Of course not.
Because I know this isn't working now.
So why would I want to do that?
OK.
That would be intentional.
I would be like frying my own ass.
The curious case of Benjamin Button is one of the worst pieces of crap I've ever seen.
He says in my life.
Technically, it's great.
The costume design, cinematography sets, also per the filming of New Orleans throughout the years,
was honest and beautiful.
Kate Blanchett is Brad Pitt's love interest.
Oh, God.
He pines for her, but she couldn't care less.
He just dances out in a traffic.
It's deservedly run over.
She didn't look before doing a pure, pure way into the street.
And her ballet career abruptly ends.
Then when she's depressed and wants to feel pretty again, oh, when did that start?
When did Kate Blanchett ever get pretty?
Brad is good enough for her.
I can't believe people think this is a great love story.
She's horrible.
Not to mention, Meas is the day is long.
She looks like a pile of crocodile crap.
Then there's this recurring theme of a hummingbird showing up all over the place,
including outside a window of a high-rise New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina.
Huffering outside a window in a hurricane.
And there's so much like Forest Dump, you'll throw up all over the place, avoided all costs.
The curious case of Benjamin Button.
Good enough?
I thought you said you liked it.
I know, I said I'd never seen it.
Oh.
Then how do you know what it was about?
Well, I saw the trailers for it.
No.
You saw it in a trailer?
Yeah.
Back in Tampa.
Robert Smith said, I don't want to read about the Raspberry.
It makes me sick to my stomach.
One hit wonders into the night, Benny Mardona's.
You say, what are you saying?
Never heard it.
Into the night by Benny Mardona's?
Maybe if I've heard it, maybe if I hear it, but I don't know it by the name.
Oh my god, Google it.
If you bring it up, we can't you play it like you did that other stuff you were playing?
Yep.
Like, Wall of Dudu.
Into the night by Benny Mardona's.
Here it is.
On cue 56.
Yeah, you better get me a minute.
Oh, okay.
Why, you got that slow computer in there or what?
I think I found it.
Into the night.
You never heard of Into the night by Benny Mardona's?
Oh.
Yeah, I've heard it.
Okay, that sucks.
Yeah, I agree with that.
I didn't say I liked it, but everybody's heard it.
That's about enough of that.
Oh, yeah, I would agree.
Let's play that Girls Don't Far Again.
Bob says in all time favorite more today than yesterday by the Star of Spiral staircase, 69, I believe.
That's correct.
Also knew the top has to be looking glass with Brandy and Sugarloaf Green-eyed Lady.
Sorry for so many suggestions.
I'm your friend in the keys, Florida Bob.
Whatever's the name of it.
You want to put in those on there?
It's up to you.
Sure.
You're the pull, my steer.
You're the one handling on that end.
How much you want to stick on there and where you want to stick it.
Okay, votes we got, by the way.
500 and some?
515.
Wow, that's pretty impressive.
It's not even 1 o'clock yet.
And George Carso is checking out your dump button.
No, seriously, tell him it doesn't work.
He's looking into it.
He's looking into it.
Yeah, look into this.
Here's one that says, I know you're like fire by the crazy world of Arthur Brown.
No guitars in that song, only organs and brass.
Wow, is that captivated?
That is compelling.
Not.
One hit wonders.
Here's a list.
What did I say about people that send me lists?
Oh my god, a list.
Good list.
Got some good stuff on there.
But I might have been going to tell you what they are.
How do you like that?
Just out of spite.
Just because I'm a nasty evil guy.
Oh, here's Baron Fitz's back.
He says, I figured out why I heard D. Foe yesterday.
There seems to be a Bermuda Triangle of radio waves in this one area of Oakland Park.
Your show was coming in loud and clear.
Well, that's unusual.
And then all of a sudden, the same doctor show started coming in.
In crystal clear for about three blocks.
Anyway, I'm an ass clown.
Says Bermuda Fitz.
Well, whatever.
Do you understand what he's talking about?
I don't.
No, not really.
Bermuda Triangle of radio signals here at D. Foe.
Well, first of all, D. Foe is on 640 in the morning.
He's not on when I'm on or in the afternoon or any other.
Who knows the tokens?
Well, somebody's trying to say the tokens and he spells it.
T-O-L-K-E-N-S.
The tokens.
Mark from Cognac Creek.
Mark, go get an education.
Go back to grade school.
The lion sleeps tonight by the tokens.
Remember that?
Yeah, unfortunately.
61, 62.
Oh, I hated it.
And they played it over just incessantly.
Pretty soon you had lions coming out of your ass.
Tracy and Kendall, I cannot believe you.
She's the second one voted for this song.
And when you hear it, you're going to gag.
You're going to puke.
My vote for the poll is sugar, sugar by the arches.
My favorite.
Hmm.
Oh, Tracy, I'm so sorry.
Did you know that Niel Sedaka was in the tokens?
No, I didn't either.
Niel Sedaka was in the tokens?
Yep.
Tracy's just finally watched doubt last night.
At first glance, I wanted if Merrill could pull off.
And while I was disappointed with the ending, though, I agreed with that.
I felt it was anticlimactic like no country-fruiled men was.
But you were spot on as usual about Merrill.
Have a great day.
You do, Tracy.
And dump that sugar, sugar.
There really was no such group as the arches.
Remember that?
It was like a studio band that they put together.
There was no such group.
Sugar, da, da, da, da, da.
Oh my god.
Horrible and annoying.
Not just a bad song, but annoying.
Would you agree?
Yes.
John says M by pop music and video killed a radio star by the Buggles.
I don't think you're going to put either one of those on there.
I should be wrong, but I just have this feeling.
Stephen West Tampa says, what's West Tampa?
West Tampa?
That's out in the Booneys.
How can it be out in the Booneys?
I mean, West of Tampa is the...
Like Brandon?
Yeah, no.
West...
Yeah, West of Tampa would be in the middle of the Gulf.
Yeah.
Brandon is East.
Last time I checked.
Brandon was where they had that old cow palace, a hockey rink
when the lightning first came to town.
I went to several games in that joint.
Oh my god.
Now that was at the fairgrounds.
Yeah, with like a circus tent over it.
Yeah, it was a hockey rink.
And boy, the lightning was so bad in those days.
I'd go any time the Leafs played there in Tampa.
I'd go when the Leafs just pound the crap out of the lightning.
It was great.
With a big blue circus tent over it.
And then they played in that other arena where the seats were like right behind each other
and not like graded.
You know what I mean?
And it's one game I went to and this lady with this big B-high hairdo was sitting in front of me.
I couldn't see a damn thing in the whole game.
Because the seats were like directly behind each other as opposed to like...
On a tilt, you know what I'm saying?
Like an ordinary arena?
Yeah.
That's Tampa for you.
And aren't they playing now?
Is the hockey team like in the baseball stadium?
No, it used to be in Chopper Cana field, but now it's got its own arena.
Oh.
Steve in West Tampa says, how about Whitebird by it's a beautiful day?
While your webpage was down, I read your biography on Wikipedia.
Ranked 15th in most influential talk shows.
Yeah, that was long time.
That was B.J. before Joe Bell came to town.
You're so much more than just another pretty face.
Keep the laughs coming.
Says Steve in West Tampa.
Keep them coming.
No extra charge.
David Vegas says, do you remember I love you by people 1968 and capital records?
I sure do.
That was a good song.
Remember that?
Yep.
Sounded like it was recorded in somebody's basement, but it was cool nonetheless.
I agree.
Also, Ma bella me by the Dutch group that he said, featuring indicefable French lyrics.
Keep on rockin' since David Vegas.
I hate Ma bella me.
It's a horrible song.
Ma bella me.
Like Rick Riley.
Umpa umpa umpa.
Good.
Umpa umpa.
I'm not big on umpa umpa.
Are you?
No.
So what's a court is doing about this situation?
He's standing right behind me.
Ready to test it.
He's like, I'm courted.
Sorry, George.
He's ready.
He's standing by.
Standing by for what?
The break.
And then what we're going to do?
We're going to test it during the break?
We're going to pochki.
Oh, you're going to do it on that end.
I don't have to do anything here.
I don't think so.
I know.
Thank God for that.
Because this intercom doesn't work on this end.
I already told you that.
We have some issues.
No, not a big deal.
Jim and Boynton says, how about this one for the pool?
That one hit wonder band, the Cascades, and their one hit.
And he's got the wrong name.
Listen to the rhythm of the following rain.
That's not it.
It's called the rhythm of the rain.
Rhythm of the rain.
It's a great song.
Cascades.
You want to put it on there?
It's a great song.
Sure.
Give me a favor, though.
Yeah.
It's not going to work, but hit your dump button.
Okay.
What happened?
I don't know.
He's looking now.
It doesn't look like it don't.
No.
It made a weird thing in my headphones, though.
What did it do?
Like in my headphones, it goes.
Oh.
Oh, I like that.
You want me to do it again?
Sure.
Right there.
It did happen again.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
It'll keep you on your toes anyway.
Thanks.
Great.
Oh, you're listening.
Hello.
This is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one for two hours.
Oh, sign, sign, that tumor.
These signs.
Stereo is hoping it will tumor your spine.
If it does, they'll see lots of dollars.
Milk gives in, plays a farmer with martians in his yard.
And I think that maybe M. Night's share my land.
It's trying way too hard.
Because those circles weren't made by aliens.
Oh, wow, track to rock.
They were made by Bruce Willett.
It makes no time after he died.
Oh, sign, sign, that new movie sign.
To find out more, you got to stand in line.
Get out your eight books and veil for signs.
Sign, sign, that new movie sign.
Okay, 102 and 560 W.
So what happened with our test there during the break?
How to work out?
Not great.
You don't have a dump button still right now.
So I'll have to dump from here.
The signal's coming.
So it's definitely something within this building.
So you're okay.
But you don't have to dump it.
Oh, how unusual.
That's something in that building.
How unusual.
Stephen Kendall says adaptation is a pseudo intellectual piece of direct.
The director was supposed to make a movie from the book The Orchard Thief,
another piece of crap.
He didn't know how to.
So instead, he made a movie about a director who can't make a movie about a book.
The movie is terribly inaccurate, pedantic, and takes a great deal of license,
and wasted way too much of my time, so Steve.
I can't stand Murrell Street or Nicholas Cage, both our egregious overactors.
Oh, egregious overactors.
Not just overactors, but egregious as in...
Like that.
Yeah.
How about best instrumental song for a future pull?
For me, it'd be a toss up between YYZ Rush and Frankenstein and your winner.
So Steve's already got the next musical pull going.
Edgar winner is a weird guy.
Yeah.
Nice haircut, though.
George An says don't mean to be chronic today, but if you ever see the movie transphotting,
El Paso, George An.
You never said that?
Absolutely not interested in watching the movie.
I want to watch part of it until it got to the part where he sticks his hand in the toilet.
And at that point I said, no way, not for me.
I'm not squeamish, I'm not queasy, I'm not prudish, I'm not uptight.
I don't want to see a guy fishing around in the toilet.
It says if you like good soundtracks, check it out on Amazon.
I'll pass.
I have it in the other room transphotting.
It was highly recommended by George and El Paso.
Yeah, I like that movie.
You do like that movie?
Yeah.
You and the Gregor.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you.
So what are we doing about this situation here?
Is it going to...
He's working on it.
Oh, okay.
What about Snatch?
Did you like Snatch?
A big-your-parten movie Snatch?
That's a guy-richy movie.
I think I've seen it.
Brad Pitt's a boxer, kind of.
He's a fighter.
He's Irish.
Christian Jupiter says Everland should be removed.
They had a huge hit with Santa Monica in the late 1990s.
Firk and a Macarena not being included.
First of all, that's Everclear idiot, not Everlast.
Yeah.
Yeah, how do you like that, Chris?
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake again.
And then then...
All these people just sitting there pouring over the pool every day to find a mistake
and spelling or something.
Everqueer?
Uh-huh.
Finally, how about Brandy by looking glass?
Had to be number one hit.
Then we put that on there?
No.
Well, why not?
I will.
Looking glass, Brandy.
You're a fine girl.
And anyway, that was a great song.
Looking glass.
For those of these late 60s, man.
Late 60s, there was some really, really asky-kicking music.
Not lately, though.
Is there any music now?
I don't hear any.
There's some.
I don't hear any.
Now, I would take a chance and turn on...
I'm not going to do it.
I would take a chance, but I'm not going to do it.
There you go, Brandy.
An orange label.
I don't remember.
Maybe it was a little bit.
Could have been a little bit record.
Russian, a little bit record.
I was going to say I could put on, like, one of the 85 MTV or much music channels I have here.
But I'm not going to do it because you never know what word might pop up there.
And some of those, uh, you know.
Well, a lot of rock bands are coming out of Canada now.
I'm bigger, Pardon?
A lot of the really good rock bands are coming out of Canada.
Like Rush?
Like, uh, Nickelback, Fingerlauback.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a couple.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's good.
A lot of the movies are not making L.A. anymore because it costs too much so they make them in Canada.
I can't believe that nobody has seen the neighbor with Rod Stugger.
That is so disappointing.
I'm not saying it's one of the great movies of all time.
But it's a movie that you want to see.
You got an hour and a half of a spare time, like on a weekend or whatever.
Pop it in there.
And didn't you say you're getting it from Netflix?
Yeah.
Now, let me ask you this.
Not that I needed.
I needed, uh, like a hole in the head.
Mm-hmm.
Because I've got 85,000 movie channels and I've got the on demand, all that crap.
And 50 million DVDs.
But how does that work?
Netflix.
Basically, you can set up an account to get one, two, or three movies at a time.
And you go on as a computer.
You put the movies that you want.
They mail them to you.
You watch them when you want to watch them.
When you're done, you mail them back.
And then they'll replace it with whatever on your list.
So, in other words, any movie that was ever made, they've got it.
That's what I love about it because you can go back and like look at old movies.
You can get, they have a lot of documentaries, a lot of foreign films, which I like.
It's, it's a great service.
So, in other words, you can go online and get the list.
Yeah.
Well, get the, you said you're getting the next day or two, you're getting the neighbor.
Yeah, I'll have it by this weekend.
Well, good.
And I don't want you to be disappointed because I'm not giving you a big build up.
Like, oh, gee, this is one of the most intriguing.
It's, it's good.
In fact, of the three movies that I mentioned,
Nick At Time with Johnny Depp, the lodger with Philip Baker Hall,
and that one, and that one's the best.
And nobody has seen any of them evidently.
But you got to watch what's the one everybody's trying to give me the shot.
Shot.
Shot.
Shot.
Yeah.
When I first came to QAN, there was a kid named Jason Blauzbach,
who was one of the sports nerd kids.
And he brought me a tape, a VHS of Shawshank Redemption.
And he kept bugging me.
If you watch Shawshank yet, Shawshank, Shawshank, no, Shawshank.
And I think it just got to the point where it became like a hard answer about it.
But I just, you know, if you push me too much, I'll go in the other direction.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean, Joe?
Al says, considering your knowledge of music, I'm shocked.
You left these three no-brainers for your pool.
He shocked.
Signs by the five-man electrical band.
That's why I just played that.
Wildflower by Skylar.
And a song that I love, journeyed to the center of the mind by the Amboid dukes.
You like that song?
I'd have to hear it.
Real psychedelic.
A lot of phasing, you know.
And then it says, plunge your guts out.
I might just do that this afternoon.
I might go and plunge my guts out.
Why not?
Dave says, come on, Signs by the five-man electrical band.
Awesome song.
You put in the manner.
Signs.
Yes.
Signs, stop, Signs, yield signs.
Mickey was pretty p-oat about that.
Brian says a song that I just despise.
Want to stand majors all time favorites.
The Lady in Red by Christopher Berg.
Lady in Red.
You want to put it on there?
It's up to you.
Yeah, but he kind of had a hit with Don't Pay the Fairing Man.
Okay, like I said, don't put it on there.
The fake Patrick Kane says the greatest one hit wonder of all time needs to be on the pool.
DeRude in Sandstorm.
Oh, I got it here somewhere.
Just a lot of techno noise.
Randy in Tampa says West Tampa is primarily the Spanish second of Tampa.
It's near the area near Raymond James Stadium.
Oh, yeah, that'd be Del Maverick.
Yeah, I know where the stadium is.
I know Del Maverick, but how can that be West Tampa?
The stadium is more like in the middle.
Yeah, in a little south.
But definitely more east than west.
You wouldn't say.
Sure, I mean Westdale Maverick is out there where Godfather's used to be.
No, not Godfather's Shaky's.
Shaky's Pizza used to be out there.
Oh, man, I used to love Shaky's Pizza.
Wasn't that great?
Yeah.
Well, they're good stuff.
They all go out of business.
I don't know why.
Shaky's, you know what I'm talking about on Del Maverick?
Yeah, absolutely.
It was run right out there on Westdale Maverick.
Yeah, we used to go there after little league games.
Really?
That was up to an half points.
Not too much going on there.
Not too much cooking today on the cash side.
How's this pool coming?
Very much like the one we did seven years ago.
Now that's shocking.
If we've lost all the audience, how can we got so much similarity here, huh?
544 votes on this turkey so far.
Which of these one at Wonders was the best?
Wall of Dudu, Mexican radio, 64.
Climax, precious and few 39.
They were the top two and in fact the top three, the top four are the same.
The top five, the top six.
And then you had to go ahead and put the totes in there.
Don't you find that bizarre?
Yeah.
Wall of Dudu, climax, precious and fewer.
Alicia Bridges, I love the nightlife.
Bobby Day, Rock and Robin.
I need a word, ring my bell.
Ace, how long has this been going on?
And Tony Bazel and Mickey, 22.
That's the top 2467.
Oh, wait a minute.
I'm on the wrong list.
I'm just looking at a copy of this list.
That's sad.
Well, no.
Wall of Dudu was number one.
Climax was number two.
Alicia Bridges was number three.
And there's a couple of them twisted around.
But it's the same bunch.
Mickey, how could anybody like that song?
How could anybody claim to like it, much less admitted?
Hey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, you're so fine.
You're so fine.
I mean, that's a song to kill somebody by.
When you think that's like murder music?
Um, yeah.
Song to kill people by.
This is the five-man electoral band, the same as Mickey.
No.
This is Signs.
Stop Signs, yield Signs.
Wait a little jam.
A little jam session before they start.
Yeah.
Before they start opening their mouth.
And the signs say long here, freaky people.
Need not apply.
So I stole my hero, boys or my half.
And a winner to ask him why.
He said you look like a fine of a standing young man.
I think you do.
No, I took off my hat and said imagine that.
Plus me, what you feel.
I think that's the winner right there.
I'm sign everywhere.
No, too.
I like him any better than that.
Yeah, I like the Tesla version of that too.
It was really good.
The five-man electoral band, like I said,
they don't make them no better than that.
So what's the story on that movie that you told me was so great.
You said be sure to watch it and everybody says,
vote at sucks.
Just one person said it sucked.
Everybody said, yeah, adaptation.
Everybody said, oh my god, are you kidding me?
You could, you could spend that.
How long is that thing about two hours, maybe hour and a half, two hours?
I'll find out for you.
You could have more fun for those two hours chopping your fingers off with a switchblade.
Oh, no.
He grabbed my junior, honey.
It means a long year here and people need an hour to fly.
The fly's up my foot, the ball, and her mind goes.
When cheer isn't an epic hard ride.
This is it you look like a fox, who's just a young man.
Oh, dude.
Open me my jacket and the hat.
And I feel like I'm saying it's wrong.
Find, find, wait, my genesis.
Find the machinery for all red in my mind.
Do this so too, that ain't my thing to find.
And the wings in all bestfuggers will the fire on sight.
While I jump to the fence around, you can be on the shouted.
Wait, you really fight.
Oh, you pull up a fence, keep your love for all the people you're standing.
And I mean, what do you love to tell me cool face?
You're a man, you're something kind of half full.
Oh, there we go, jump that.
Well, like I said, it's a good idea to go back and play these oldies,
but you never know what's in any of them.
Did you do it?
Yeah.
Also, here you go, adaptation, an hour and 54 minutes.
Chris Cooper won Best Supporting Actor when the Academy Award.
Let me ask you again, did you dump that?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Did it work?
Yeah.
How do you know it worked?
Well, my end works.
I could use the link.
Sure, I could use the link.
Absolutely positive.
I could hear the click.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Adaptation.
Oh, there you go.
It's an hour and 54 minutes.
And Chris Cooper won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
He's good.
Well, I'm happy for him.
Yeah, he's a good actor.
Sam in Boston says you'd be happy to know if you know already
the boy do feature the young guitarist by the name of Ted Nugent.
Any vote for that song is the top one.
It wonders if vote for a crazed gunthoating right wing red necks.
Sam wants to make it into a political thing, you know.
Okay, he was the guitarist.
It was his first group, but nevertheless it's a way, you know,
does that mean we have to disqualified because, um,
I don't know.
I don't know.
Let's pass it by the panel.
What do you say?
Did you put it on there?
Which one was it?
The envoy dukes.
Do you need to send it to your mind?
You didn't put it on.
No, yeah, I'm getting to that.
Don't put it on there.
Don't.
Okay.
Because Sam will get all bent out of shape and he'll pass it by the panel.
565 votes on the pool.
Kick an ass.
Oh, something in the air by ThunderClapped Newman says Judy and Marguerite.
She says she's an actual living and breathing female listener.
Well, thank God.
Mulder says, did you like Al Patino's role in S.
I.M. blank O.
Any Simone Simone?
No.
Didn't see it.
That was one of the worst movies ever made.
I put it up there with like Howard the duck and stuff like that.
It was terrible.
Here's one that says, did you watch the movie?
The notebook?
Ha, ha, ha.
Did you?
It's good.
No, I did not.
You watched the notebook?
No.
What is it?
That's all my Jeff Bridges.
I watched about 10 minutes of it and I turned it off.
What's it about?
Oh, it's a love story and she's got Alzheimer's.
Somebody's got Alzheimer's in it.
It's it's sappy and sad.
It's depressing to me.
Yeah, it's terrible.
See, when I watch a movie, I want to be entertained.
I don't want to be depressed.
Like last night it was entertaining.
Was it Chiller Thriller?
The larger?
Philip Baker Hall?
And a bunch of people I never heard of?
A 2009 movie, but I guess these people are busy watching
Shawshank over and over again.
Not that I want to talk about watching movies over and over again
because I've watched that movie.
And just in the last few months I've watched the neighbor
about five, six times.
And it's Entary.
Rod Steiger.
You watch it this weekend and you'll say, you know, it's not that bad.
Vince's nick of time was great.
The lodger was great as well.
Here's the guy that seemed both of those movies.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
He says, I just put wrong side of the tracks
and the neighbor in my Netflix queue.
It says, I don't care if Brad Pitt has craters in his face.
I never kick him out of bed.
But the curious case of Benjamin Button blows.
Love you, Neil.
Thanks for the movie recommendations over the years.
I really like your taste in movies since Vince.
Hey, Vince.
You're fair.
He never kicked Brad Pitt out of bed.
He was good in Seppman.
I like that movie.
Yeah, Seppman was good.
What's in the box?
What's in the box?
Well, in Kevin Space, he was great in that movie.
Yeah, Kevin Space is usually great, like in Glenjury Glen Ross.
He would be great.
What was the other one?
The usual suspects?
I don't think I watched that.
You haven't seen the usual suspects?
No, I've seen the unusual suspects.
No, I have not.
You have to see that.
Get the truck.
Hey, get the truck.
Put me on the channel.
I'm poor.
There's one of those droppings in here that needs bleeping also.
Well, how great was it actor?
How great was Jack Lennon?
One of the all-time suspects.
For sure.
He could be funny.
He could be sad.
I mean, he had all kinds of range.
The movie that nobody has ever seen that was really sensational if you're a...
If you have issues with the Catholic Church, like some of us do,
was...
I can't think of an amput.
Charles Durning was in...
You know, big fat Charles Durning?
Mm-hmm.
Who was in when a stranger calls?
Mass appeal.
That was the name of the movie.
Well, what a memory, huh?
Mass appeal.
You see it?
I don't believe so.
Well, put it on your Netflix thing.
If you like Jack Lennon, you'll love it.
I hated you, Vislavia.
That's a good line.
It would have no significance to you, but nevertheless.
Charles Durning, there's an underrated actor.
When a stranger calls,
remember him waddling after the crazed murderer and when a stranger calls?
He was waddling through the kitchen.
See, maybe I'm a little skeptical or cynical or whatever, but I just...
Like Cannon.
I love Cannon.
I love to what's his name?
That played Cannon.
What was his name?
Oh.
He was...
I'm gun smoke on the radio.
He played Matt Dillon.
I can't believe I've forgotten his name for just a minute.
Big fat.
But I just have a trouble believing in big fat detective guys chasing these crazed lunatics down the streets and through the kitchen and down to Rosemary's house.
And Charles Durning does that when a stranger calls.
William Conrad?
William Conrad.
See you, Google, that you cheated.
Didn't you love what...
Now George hated William Conrad.
And I am thinking he hated him, but he hated the show because he didn't like cop shows.
Well, he was good up until he got to Jake and a fat man.
Oh.
Jake and a fat man.
And wasn't he also a Neuro Wolf?
Did they try to do a TV thing of Neuro Wolf?
Yeah, I think so.
With the daffodils and the pansies and all of that.
Oh my God.
There was another Conrad that my mom loved.
From Bob-Bob Blackheat.
Oh my Conrad.
He used to drive and who's your perk?
No.
Now this guy was in the TV show, Bob-Bob Blacksheet.
Bob-Bob-Bui?
Yeah.
I think it's a Robert Conrad.
I think a Robert Conrad.
Robert Conrad, yeah.
My mom was the most loving guy.
Yeah, I loved him.
So your mom had the hots for him, is that what you're saying?
Oh yeah.
Now was that before or after she fell into the toilet around the same time?
Oh, sorry.
Oh, you're listening to Neil Rogers.
Oh my God.
Your breasts are beautiful.
You ready?
Burger...
Thank you on the refrigerator scalp.
Sp However 
You know, when you're trying to make some noise, but...
Well, now, if you're busy, something's work.
You know, when you're busy, something's work.
You know, when you're busy, something's work.
What was that noise?
Let me take a look at the security monitor.
Anything to do with sports?
No, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay, though.
Go back to the files.
Rikki-Rikki-Rikki-Rikki-Rikki-Rikki-Rikki-...
Okay, we've got some serious diffugilities out there on that one.
132.560 WQAM. So, evidently, most of that word got on, but not the LE. Right. Right, what? How do you know that? Could I dump it?
You didn't understand the dump is supposed to go back like, you know, several seconds, 30 seconds.
What are we operating on? I look about a half a second delay now. What's the story? We're at a 20 second delay. So, so then how come, how come part of it got on if you dumped it?
Well, I'd have to hear it to dump out. I don't know. But George is working on the dump right now.
Now, what just happened during the break when you said, he did again, what happened? He's trying it because he has a disconnect, but he can see when you're hitting it to see if it'll actually work. And he's working on it right now.
When you've been telling me that for the last hour, I guess it takes a while.
Robert says, just saw the reader, great movie with lots and lots of new to the male and female. It starts Kate Winslow, who seduces a much younger man, takes place in late 50s, Germany.
Had some good plot twists always. You might enjoy this one. The reader. You seen that? No.
I never heard of it. The reader. Oh, I'm out of big Kate Winslow fan. I don't know about you. Yeah. She was okay. And there's something of a spotted mine. I forget with Jim.
A spotted mind. That one. Yeah. Oh, Tim and Miami says, flees dump. But did not work. I clearly heard the blah blah. Engineering comes to her once again. Well, I'm not sure if I can do that.
I know they're all over a course over there. You know, we're on it. Are you on it? Well, at least they stop with the number one one hit wonders. Jesus. God.
Oh, Michael says and Michael is full of it. Remember when we did the thing about the best male singer? And I could look it up because I can go back in the history. I mailed you the other day. And Justin Hayward on your pull for the best singer. You did not. Well, guess what? Yeah, we did.
I know he had at least two votes. Remember? Yeah. I'm a little PO because to me, he's the best man singer from the movie blues. Question is, is one of the best songs from them? Please play a bit of it and add it to your pull. Well, what does that mean is one of the best songs from them? I don't know.
The pull is about the best one hit wonders. Okay, the movie blues were certainly not one hit wonders. No, the best movie blues song was go now. They had a whole bunch of hits, but go now was outstanding. When you agree? I was not a huge movie blues fan. You don't like go now? I don't like the movie blues that much. Well, I'll be damn. Well, Michael's going to be really depressed. Yeah, and I hate steely Dan. Oh, me too. Are we out of gas? So do intellectual crap.
I'm going to go to intellectual garbage. Kathy says you play this song by the crying shame, earlier. Can you say the title again? Yeah, I can say the title and play a little bit of again. It could be were in love. I also played a little bit of up on the group by the crying shame.
I just walk along the side last night. Anyway, can you say the title again? I just did. I'm trying to find it all I can come up with is something called please stay or that beach boys song wouldn't it be nice? Thank you so much. You're welcome, Kathy. No extra turd. What is wouldn't it be nice have to do with the crying shame?
Or please stay. I don't know. Anyway, here's a final rundown. I don't want to read them all. I'll just do the ones with double digits. Okay, 570 votes on the pool, which of these one hit wonders was the best. Now which song was the best?
Not did we like the movie blues a whole lot, which flee did not. I'm I'm just distraught about that.
Come on, Easter, come on, Easter. I don't know whether I'm more distraught about this square yellow button here that looks like a decoration now like on a Christmas tree or a Hanukkah bush might as well be, I guess.
Wall of do do by Mexican radio. There's something wrong with that. You know, you get the feeling that they freaked it seven years ago and Jeepers creepers here coming. Freepers again.
Don't you find it a little I mean it's it's not a like a real popular song unless unless I'm out of the loop, you know, they tell me I'm out of the loop by an old fart.
What year was that wall of food by Mexican radio? I'll look it up, but I'm going to guess probably like 8887, but I'll look.
So 20, 20 some years ago. Anyway, Wall of food was got 65 climax precious in few 39 Alicia Bridges. I love the nightlife 30.
Bobbie Day Rock and Robin 26 ace. How long has this been going on 24 1983? See there you go 26 years ago. Wall of do do.
I need to worry ring my bell 23 20 basil Mickey Mickey, Mickey 22 horrible. The totes possum kingdom 20. Civil rights get a job 19.
Digible planets we worth of slick cool like that 19. Norman Greenbaum spirit in the sky 18 soft sell tainted love 16. Wow, wow, wow, I want candy 16.
I'm only reading the ones with a double digits or will be here the midnight waitresses. I know what boys want 16 the NAC my sure on a 13.
Dexys midnight runners come on I lean 13 Lori London. He's got the whole world in his hands 13. Blues image ride captain ride 12.
Undisputed truth smiling faces sometimes 12. The Dan Lear's one summer night 10. Oh, that damn thing can popped up again.
Saigon kick lovers on the way 10. Those are the ones with double digits. How come now you're a computer maven? Okay.
Uniblu speed up my PC every once in a while. Just out of nowhere. This thing pops up huge. I mean, I just got rid of it. But where was that come from?
I don't know a wormhole. Maybe Sambo says when you play that old version of signs the word as blank definitely made it to my radio.
Tellfully he needs to brush up on the old dump. Maybe George could sneak in for a segment and showfully how to time it better luck next time since Sambo.
Well, good news that we just found out the problem with your dump. Yeah, what's that? It was a broken wire. A broken wire there. Yes, on that end.
In the brand new building. Yeah, go ahead and hit it now. Yeah, what happened? Well, I just got the sensation in my ears, but.
When you don't get in that all along, I don't think anything. Well, I'm not going to say some word and then try. No, don't do that. Oh, Terry says the word went out over the streaming. Well, there's no dump on the streaming, which by the way, they're finally getting really concerned about that.
There sure is how law to be. Not from a not from a four letter word standpoint on the internet, because there's no censorship of language, but.
From other other standpoints, you know, I'm saying like slander or libel that that's right things like that. All of these all of these things.
But anyway, if you heard on the internet, so don't worry about it. That was a 18.62 point.
Oh, here's somebody represents Alan Sir Jr. wants to have him as a guest on the show. What do you think? Okay, Rebecca says I'm listening online. And of course the word.
I hope he is trying not to hit you in trouble. He won't seem to answer if it got on the ear.
You won't seem to answer. What does that mean? I don't know. He doesn't know. Okay, he's not he's not monitoring off the air. He's monitoring through the board.
We don't have the ability to monitor off the air. Do we at least I sure don't? I don't know. No. I think during the break, I'm going to take a humongous joy.
It's mental clear. My brains out. It says the gym. It sounds like a gruff the crime dog. The gym. What does that mean? If he ever lost his job at QM, he could look into being the voice of a gruff the crime dog for the TV radio spots.
You know, do you have the addicted to blood song available on your website for download? No, I do not. And we will not. I'll play in a minute.
And here's somebody who says, yeah, thank you, Mr. Obama for that strong American dollar. And I say, amen to that. 92 cents on the loony. It's enough to drive me loony.
It's just these guys, Nick and Sods and whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they're just like them like that they were on the year.
What caught the weed and they're high and they're having a terrible. But he is that I've been looking at listening to 610 and anus here.
Absolutely.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to say it.
146. You're a partner in crime. You're a bad ass. The jolly Joe real comedian. He sends me another text message. Oh, I guess I'll wait to tomorrow to call you.
We'll have new numbers to talk about. Okay. Every day he's going to be texting me. You know what? You can call me all you want, jolly.
I will not be answering as per your buddy flees instructions. And I added another song to the poll that I can't believe we missed. And what's that modern English? I'm not with you.
That was huge. You don't know that song? Never heard of it.
Here's one Dorothy from Miramar says I know it's late, but did anyone vote for little green bag by the George Baker selection? No.
That's one of my favorites for my childhood. We spent hours trying to analyze the meaning also looking at the list. Remind to me of the time you said it's raining men should be the national anthem.
Yeah, why not? She is how beats the star spangled banner.
It's raining men. Is that honored? Have we put it on the weather girls? Yeah, it's on it. Good. How's it doing? Five million votes?
At least we got 586 vote. What was that? That was the beginning of modern English. Weather girls got a vote. It's raining men.
I don't remember doing this last time because it's seven years ago. I don't remember this because if I if I would remember I think you know something's wrong here.
That's the greatest one hit wonder of all time wall of do do by Mexican radio. See, I think this song is better.
It sounds a little bit better when Orlando's not singing along with it here in the studio. Oh, the big old singer.
Yeah, yeah, that's where a singer. Oh, he said afternoon to light. Yeah, what about add that to the list? We already had somebody say that. Are we did? Yeah.
I mean, anyway, Jeff said Jeff is put himself in charge of the polls now. This guy is just bitching and moaning and pop up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up to the developers that called those that called those that called those that called those that called those those that called those the developers that called those that called those those eve up up into the polls.
upa fu
a
o

Craig
Craig
Craig
Great, like Honda Man, but with a bigger library.
So, Ron, absolutely.
I'm not going to go out and buy a blue-ray player.
Everybody's trying to talk me to buy them.
What do I needed for?
As somebody I know would say, Dr. Suben,
Dearing in England says just a quick note to say
that in spite of jolly, Joe, I can hear you loud and clear
here in Leeds England.
Leeds?
Yeah, I'm 24.
I've been listening for around six years now.
I'm enjoying the show as much as ever.
Flea has a long way to go yet, but is doing a heck of a job.
So far, I do miss George, though.
Keep on fighting the fight, Neil, and Cod's
swallop to jolly, Joe, and the rest of the beastly douche nozzles.
What is Cod's Swallop?
I'm not sure, but there's a good new band from Leeds called
the Kaiser Chiefs.
They're talking about new music.
They're good.
Cod's Swallop.
That might be something gross.
You might have to check that button again.
Okay.
Oh, I guess who you'll never guess.
Oh, and what a horrible selection to any Murphy featuring
Rick James party all the time.
No, I'm not putting it on.
I don't know.
No, don't.
I'm from inside the building.
Oh, my God.
He emailed yesterday.
Joe Cruz.
Joe, just let me down, man.
No, does that explain a lot about that piano music?
Wow.
Bonds, Florida, who I thought was a pretty intelligent guy up
till this moment, sugar sugar by the Archies, which Tracy
also said sugar sugar.
I mean, how is that possible?
Anybody could even like that song.
Can you even relate to it?
Can you imagine it?
No, because it's so horrible.
Heim and Rath is back.
He says it's true about the Humper being on Waxie.
The libassid Joe is using two bits in his sports updates.
He says he gave Scoot Stugaz's nickname and the traffic
updates.
They say it's raining.
Well, that's safe.
Lately, that's safe.
This one from Rich.
Some of these have been sitting in this pile for a long time
because we've had 80 billion people with these damn songs.
And then we had all that technical amusement.
Now, what's the story?
Is the wire fixed?
Yes.
So this one here is going to work.
Now, what's the story with the one on your end?
No, I'm going to my end, too.
I think a couple of things were disconnected
while he was working on your end.
Oh, always the next little idea.
Go ahead and hit it.
Here?
Yeah.
OK, I hit it.
And it worked.
Are you positive?
It made the noise it's supposed to make.
Are you sure?
What would it mean it made the noise it's supposed to make?
Well, there's a noise that it makes in here in the studio
so we know that it worked and it made that noise.
Yeah.
So it works.
Rich says Conquistador was indeed a great tune.
And in a million years, I wouldn't have been able to tell
you who performed it.
Thanks for the memories, though.
The version of Fleet played for us,
sounded like a cheesy remake.
You'd hear one of those K-tail albums for years back.
And on a much more serious note,
oh, I don't want to read the thing about the 11-year-old girls
who died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
You saw that story, right?
Yeah.
The mother took the girl shopping
when they returned home around 10 p.m.
The mother said she couldn't get the car engine to turn off
so she pulled the car out of the garage,
left the car running, closed the garage
during put the girls to bed.
And they died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
It says, as you've alluded to many times over the years,
people should be forced to apply for parenting permits
per to having kids unbelievable.
Believable.
And the fake time jicker reminds me sports talk
on I would do was two hours, six to eight p.m.
Devo and Mandage, Mandage and Zagaki, Zagaki and Sonny
and all of these and the Humper.
All of these for these things.
Two hours was more than enough, six to eight p.m.
And now we got 15 stations doing 24-7
around this one, 27.
And what are we going to do without what's his name now?
Who?
LeBron.
590 votes on the poll, not too shabby.
Oh, new.
It's day of racking by any town.
Here at 560 WQA.
Yeah.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to the east.
Use use to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam.
Who say?
Take it.
What's real bad for you, but case real good.
Shaggy.
And what gives you the excess energy to drive Mom crazy?
Shaggy.
So what breakfast cereal will you tell Mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Shaggy.
Super sugar chocolate.
New super sugar cold and sugar chakras are little bits of raw cane drenched in honey and
cold with powdered sugar.
Glucose, fructose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners.
And they say such like sugar cold and sugar.
Right.
Cause there's no yucky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah.
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
Mommy loves my chocolate.
Mommy loves my chocolate.
Mommy loves my chocolate.
Mommy loves my chocolate.
And Mom loves sugar chakras too.
Cause inside every box, there's a free bottle of new Flintstones tubal balium.
So try new super sugar coated sugar chakras from your friends at irresponsible foods.
Bye bye bye.
