Let's build a stadium in a ballpark and right next to everybody's house.
Great. Yeah, then people don't have to drive go far. Sure.
Fight traffic. Let's build the dynasty Georgia's house.
560. He still is going. No.
The Neil Roger Hill to talk to me.
560. I've got a juicy of a hate-v-mail today.
One of the all-time best of producing 7778 by beauty or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know how to, you know, you know, you know how to, you know, you know, you know, you know you know, you know ah,
I took myself a nice reprieve yesterday, so I'll be going today.
But I don't have my shoes on.
I got my slippers on, though.
My little flipper.
Yes.
Here's the pull from me yesterday.
821 votes, pretty a week.
My take on the Israeli Palestinian conflict is, I hope they wipe each other off the map,
166.
Humbamol and Drared.
The Palestinians had it coming, 155.
Can't we all just get along people 140?
Israelis are a bunch of bullies, 137.
Humbamad, I don't live in Gaza City, 96.
I couldn't care less, 53.
Does that have anything to do with a Super Bowl, 47?
Obama will straighten him out, 14.
At what conflict, 13?
Yeah, what conflict?
Everything's fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Let's see what Brandon has to say here.
Was watching the news and one of the commercials that ran on 560 at 140 PM.
That was, be when you were on for a website that helps you cheat on your spouse.
Was the source of a news story just from that interesting?
How funny, I was just to hear in that story.
What story about that?
About the cheat on your spouse?
They're on our air and apparently Channel 7 did a story about how they're on our air,
they're one of our fine sponsors.
Yeah.
They're going to take their website, Steve's.
They don't be knocking our responses, okay?
That's right.
We'll bring Rick Sanchez back and sick him on your dumbass.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
A fate worse than death.
But don't tell me before I get to this great, hey, email.
Oh, yeah, it's Brandon again.
He sent that twice.
Why did you send that twice?
Huh.
Brandon.
I guess because it was twice as important as anything else I got on there.
Not as important as this one though.
So you'll be doing cartwheels when you hear this.
Remember we were talking about Edmond O'Brien the other day?
Yeah.
Character actor.
You even Googled him?
Right.
Well, this is from Edward O'Brien, allegedly, subject, a new listener, but evidently not
for long.
I'm writing to you because I've been giving your show a try for the past two weeks.
A coworker told me about you.
I've listened for a few minutes.
I knew immediately that it was not my type of show, but a coworker insisted I give you
a chance and I did.
If I'm going to judge something I like to at least be fair, but I don't know.
Does that make any of the next grammar making something?
If I'm going to judge something, I like to at least be fair, but I don't know.
I don't know what it is with your show.
You're not a bad person.
How do you know if I'm a bad person?
You don't know me.
It's a radio show.
You're not a bad person.
And either as your co-host, that's what you think.
But it's not like other shows, at least not from what I've heard so far.
That's exactly the point.
It's not like any other show.
That's correct.
When I listen to other shows, I feel like I'm in there in the studio, reminiscing with
old friends.
But with your show, I just don't get that feeling.
I can't pinpoint what it is.
Maybe it's because you don't do your show for Miami or the fact that you and your co-host
aren't in the same room.
That plays a big part of it.
It's interesting.
We haven't been in the same room for almost seven years now.
Right.
And this is the first time anybody's even suggested that.
That there's like some ingredient lacking there.
There's a magic that's there when the host and co-host are looking at each other and can
play off each other.
But with your show, it's just not there.
You get the feeling that you and your co-host are in two different worlds.
Look at Howard and Robin, for example.
Oh.
When I listen to their show, I feel like I'm there and that's what Radio is all about.
Isn't it?
Anything else, Robin?
Mm.
Anything else, Jorge?
Yeah.
Lots.
Another factor.
And here comes my favorite part of this convoluted email.
And boy, this is long.
For somebody, as opposed to saying, a coworker told me to try your show and I give it a try.
And it's not for me.
And I think it sucks and have a great life.
You know, anything.
No, it goes on and on.
It's like almost a whole type written page.
Single spaced.
Another factor and please don't take this as a bigotry is that you are an openly gay
man.
You're fairy.
That's fine.
But when you're talking about how hot Brady Quinn is, I don't think you realize it.
But a good portion of the mail audience is being turned off.
I could take it once or twice, but when you start describing how hot another man is,
it makes me reach for the dial and listen to something else.
Again, please don't take this as bigotry.
Gays are fine by me.
I tolerate them.
I tolerate them, but I don't see the point of flutting it as much as you do.
Well, thanks for tolerating me, Ed.
I tolerate them.
As soon as somebody says I tolerate, fill in the blank.
That means you're dealing with a bigotry.
I don't see the point of flutting it as much as you do, especially on the radio.
It's fine that you're gay, but why does everything have to revolve around that?
I didn't know that it did.
I co-worker tuned into your show last week, forcing me to listen last week.
And it was all about Tim Tibo, this and Tim Tibo, that.
How am I a non-game male supposed to relate to this kind of talk?
Well, how am I a game male supposed to relate to it since Tim Tibo's ugliest is dog crap?
And I never brought up Tim Tibo was after the game.
Don't you understand, Eddie?
It was after the game.
That's all this straight audience wanted to talk about was Tim Tibo's pajamas and Tim Tibo
does this.
90% of the emails that they were about Tim Tibo.
And by the way, at least 75 or 80% of those I never read on the ear, because it was the
same.
And this is what George is always saying about how gay it is that allegedly heterosexual
emails are so obsessed with other emails who play a game on and on.
So don't get me to say one thing about it was Tim Tibo this.
I couldn't if I never heard his name again.
It would be too soon for me.
Tim Tibo.
See, there you go.
Maybe my opinion is unfair since this is the tail end of your career.
My co-worker keeps telling me how great you used to be.
Or maybe you have had to grown up in Miami to be able to listen to your show.
Well, I didn't grow up in Miami.
So what the hell are you talking about?
I don't know.
I just don't know.
Oh, and enough with a bit.
Who plays this many bits anyway?
Enough with the bits.
He didn't.
The show is not for him.
He's not going to be listening, but enough with the bits.
There's show advice again.
Complaints, critiques and show and life advice.
Thank you for your time.
Sorry that I didn't become a fan of your show.
My co-worker was driving me nuts to listen to you and build you as the Howard Stern of
Miami, but your show is not for me.
And here is the cooped agress, the last line.
Good day.
And I hope your show gets better.
Gee, so do we.
It's like saying, good day.
And I hope tiny gets better.
You know, if you're a dog, I hope your grandma feels better.
Who's on her deathbed?
I hope your show gets better.
I didn't know it was sick.
Oh, what's it?
It's got your belt disease.
I know that.
It's got joys disease and joe belt disease.
We know that.
Wait.
Good day.
And I hope your show gets better.
What about A-hole?
Edward O'Brien.
Fake name, obviously.
And probably like you say, one of the three or four people that sends 90% of
all the emails.
I tolerate gays.
I don't see the point of flunting it.
The point is that's me.
That's who I am.
OK, that's the way I see the world.
And just like straight guys can come on here and talk about Angelina Jolie or this hot
chick or that hot chick, I can come on here and talk about the way that I see the world.
That's one of the things that separates the show from any other.
Hey.
There are a few queens on here like Alice Rantella who was dragged out of the closet.
But I really doubt that they're screaming.
Kicking and screaming by his close personal friends at some gay organization in Fort
Lauderdale many years ago.
But I really don't think that Alice is talking about the pictures of Sean Cassidy that he
used to tape to the cabinet at W's snooze.
And why not?
Hey, butchup.
Whatcha?
Yeah, see this is the thing.
When you're talking about high and the only reason Brady Quinn came up on the show yesterday
is because somebody was all bent out of shape that he ate at some steakhouse on South
Beach and didn't have the cajon to try something new as opposed to going to a place you could
eat at an inclea.
I didn't bring him up, but nevertheless, and the thing about Tim Tibo really cracks me
up because all last week it was about Tim.
Yeah, don't look at me.
That's all your heterosexual audience out there that's obsessed with Tim Tibo.
There wants to be in his body that wants that hot chick with the big boob that he's doing.
That's what they want.
They want him.
They want to have a Tim Tibo sandwich.
I don't know.
He nauseates me in every respect, every way, shape, or form.
And like I said yesterday, when Donovan McNabb ran out of bounds into the giant sideline
in the game the other day and the giant assistant coach felt obligated to pat him on the
ass.
That seems really gay.
But those are butch jocks that we're talking about.
That's right.
It seemed really gay.
That whole patting on the ass thing.
When one guy pat another guy on the ass that seems gay to me, what do I know?
Yeah, you ought to quit flaunting it.
So thank you Edward for your really simulating email and taking so much time to critique this
show that I've been doing from us 33 years in this market.
He's taking your assistance.
Your time.
I sure hope the show gets better.
What?
He's thanking you for your time.
You should be thanking him for his.
Yeah, thank you for your well-known.
He's got a reason.
I have no life.
That's his reason.
I have no life.
Because nobody with even assemblance of a life would take time to write such lengthy
crap about something they don't like.
I can deal with it.
You know, like to show there.
A lot of people don't like to show fine.
Listen to something else.
Do something else.
Tell your co-worker to stick it up his ass.
Do whatever you want.
But don't waste your energy and time sending me this long.
And by the way, George, we need better chemistry because you sound like you're in another
world.
Oh, hey, I sound like I'm in another country.
I mean, back in the beginning when I started doing all Enrique Glacias and Anna Cornacova
go yawning in Miami.
That's a story that somebody sends me with pictures.
Oh, how boring.
Although I did get a at my yearly Christmas card from Enrique.
Aren't you impressed as punch.
Pedro has sent you a link, which I will not.
Highly among the most boring cities on the Forbes list.
That's news.
Message from Pedro.
Highly is the worst.
Well, you don't have to convince me.
I once lived there.
You go to highly and you hang out there at any all the time PT show club.
You know, one of our fine sponsors.
325 votes on the pool.
I'm most annoyed by the Bible, Thumpers interference in what can be broadcast on TV and radio
87 abortion rights 67 teaching evolution in schools 57 game marriage 35.
I'm sure Edward voted for that.
Pushing prayer into schools 24 sex education 22.
I'm not annoyed with them at all 17.
So I guess we got 17 Bible.
Thumpers out there.
I'm proud to be a Bible.
Thumper nine like I said, sex language and violence in the movies.
Five and how Christmas should be observed for it.
Don't tell me how to observe my F and Christmas.
All you go.
I'm.
Provenants after 10 at five 60 W.
Q. M. We got the big O with the East West.
The shrine game again today from 2 to 4 Mad Dog at Shulas 4 to 7.
Dolphin tonight 7 to 8 for which we apologize profusely 8 to 11 the D. A. Show.
Oh my God.
A. It's how it how it's spam.
All right.
Hey, King Madonna.
Look you one stage.
One of why you never can act your age.
You're over 50.
Well, you just never quit.
Everybody thinks you look freakishly bad.
In the eighties you were like a virgin.
In the nineties we would watch you vote.
Now you have a very strange religion.
Like you with.
Oh,
King Madonna.
Yes, you have.
But you still have beautiful memory.
Glame.
Boy.
Not like what's his name's girlfriend.
No, I tell you that you never had bazoom is like that.
Right.
Then again, who did.
David says I'm most annoyed with Bible.
Thumpers interference with what it means to be an American.
Then that what does that mean?
I don't like there are the only ones that know how to be with what it used to be.
Mean to be an American point their finger.
This whole idea of pluralism is unacceptable.
It's a Christian nation and the Lord the yadda yadda yadda and a lot of the crap.
Cast a hoist with that garbage.
Okay.
At a boy, David, wherever you are.
Rich and Orlando says I do mystery shops in central Florida.
Now what what does that mean?
I have no idea.
Mystery shops.
No idea.
And get offered McDonald's, I hopped, Sonic, Panera bread and five guys and grab as many
five guys shops as possible.
What does that mean?
Mystery shops never hurt us.
That's the thing.
No, I didn't either.
The burgers are awesome.
The facility is clean and the staff is focused and efficient.
I'm supposed to be critical and I can never find anything to knock.
Unlike fudrackers, you can get grilled mushrooms and onions on your burgers and they're
great.
Oh, that sounds good to me.
The only time the fries are less than outstanding when the peanut oil gets old and I've only seen
that once.
Another great thing about five guys is that you never see punks on cell phones.
They are serious and business like what are refreshing change says rich in Orlando.
He does mystery shops.
I don't, I just don't have any idea what that means even not even close.
Does that mean he does like that to me?
Testers place.
I don't know.
I do mystery shops in central Florida.
Somebody I'm sure will elucidate us.
Neil at Neil Rogers.com is our email and I'm sure those are going to come pouring in
or not.
On Monday, you were talking about Pope folks restaurant.
This one says what is interesting about Pope folks, which I believe is out of business
now is that the main financial backer was not, not other than whispering Bill Anderson.
You know, who is a huge Bill Anderson fan?
Who is Bill Anderson?
Very Lou from high.
I remember her.
Yeah, she's vanished.
I don't hear from her anymore.
I remember her.
I don't remember Bill Anderson.
Well, she was a big Bill Anderson fan who country music guy.
Oh, I'm sure you remember still from 1961.
It says still.
Sville.
I don't know.
Sville.
As much as you hate country music, you seem to like a lot of crossover artists from your youth
such as Johnny Horton and Marty Robbins.
Well, there's two.
The only thing worse than a singer in cowboy boots is a Yahoo and white pant and leather
shoes and that was Bill Anderson.
Oh, you broke my heart.
Yes.
Wonder what ever happened to Mary Lou from high.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's will and that was Bill Anderson.
Cowboy.
And why Yahoo and white pant and leather shoes.
He's now on XM interviewing the legends of country music and he still sucks says rich
in Orlando.
Wow, rich is busy.
Thanks rich in Orlando and he didn't have any complaints either rich.
You like that five guys place and he all he didn't like a Bill Anderson though.
Nick center, New York Nick center, Eddie Curry was slapped with the shocking sexual
harassment through yesterday by his former driver who claims the 611 Hooster tried to solicit
gay sex from him.
Oh, no, not another gay story.
I guess there goes Edward Edward Horton or whatever the guy's name was stunning court papers
charged that curry a married father of several kids repeatedly approached show for David
Kuchinsky in the nude saying look at me, Dave, look, come on and touch it, Dave.
And of course, if you're 6 foot 11, you can imagine that there was plenty of the touch.
Is that just a stereotype you think or is a guy who's like 7 feet tall?
You tell me you do the research and get back to me.
No, I'm not doing the research.
I'm just I'm just asking one would assume that one would assume if everything's to scale.
Yeah, right.
That's correct.
Curry 26 also made Kuchinsky perform humiliating tasks outside the scope of his employment
such as cleaning up and removing dirty towels into which curry had ejaculate.
So this wife would not see them.
The man had a federal court suit says.
Kuchinsky 36 who was straight and Jewish.
Oi also alleged his racism saying curry hurled slurs at him, including f'ing Jew, cracker,
white slave, white devil and grandmaster of the KKK.
This guy's got some issues, I think, Eddie Curry.
Curry a former Chicago bull said last night he was shocked at the allegations.
It's false and everyone who knows me knows I'm not a racist, he said.
After the next beat, the hornets and New Orleans have never made a comment like that playing
or nothing.
That's incredible man.
Yeah, man.
The sexual allegations we call a 2006 lawsuit by Nick's marketing vice president and Nuka
Brown Sanders who claimed then general manager Isaiah Thomas made advances on her.
What kind of a name is that anyway?
ANUCH A.
ANICA.
OK.
Nuka.
I don't know.
He's seven for eleven and a half million bucks after winning in trial.
An episode reminiscent of some elements of the manslaughter case against former New Jersey
net star Jason Williams who fatally shot a limo driver.
Kuchinsky suit also claims Curry pointed a fully loaded gun at him at least to occasions.
He pointed his loaded pistol at him.
Look, I have one in the chamber, Curry allegedly said.
Kuchinsky who worked for Curry from October 2005 through October 2008 says he was hired
as a 24-7 chauffeur for the hoop star and his family and then lived in the basement
of the Chicago mansion.
But shortly after starting work, he progressively became Curry's houseboy, the suit says.
He wants 98 grand plus compensatory damages from the Nick whose contract pays him 9.4
million this year.
Damaged claims typically can go up to five million dollars in state court.
Kuchinsky's lawyer be saying.
Kuchinsky says he's owed 68 grand and unpaid wages as well as 25 grand expenses for which
Curry never repaid him.
Those expenses he said include cell phones that Curry had him buy him as gifts and hotel
and club bills instead of paying him.
They discriminate against him, said his lawyer Matthew Blith.
Imagine going into your boss's office, he stands up and drops his pants and he asks
you to take care of him.
Can you imagine that, George?
Yeah, imagine.
I'm sure that fat Chriskin relate to it.
Curry who has played just two minutes and 38 seconds of season because of knee injuries
said last night that Kuchinsky had contacted a friend of his and every time it was something
different.
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, he's got some issues, evidently, allegedly.
Got a really good email, a real one from your friend and my friend Wayne Arnold.
Good.
Hello, Neil.
We reopened on New Year's date.
It is unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
But we are busy around the clock.
Our grand reopening is this Wednesday at 5 p.m., meaning tomorrow, Mayor Kevin Burns of
North Miami will cut the ribbon.
That's sweet.
Yeah.
My wife Nancy Arnold is the general manager and the manager is Carlene Cunningham who was
previously the manager of Arnold's Royal Castle.
That's when we had the fire August 30th, 2005.
Boy, it took him three and a half years to get that baby open again.
How do you like that?
Neil, we still have the white hots and red hots with my homemade attack in meat sauce.
Please let us know if we can bring you or George some of your favorites.
George?
Yeah.
George will have to pay for it though.
We can't take any further.
No worries.
Go ahead and get the email.
Go ahead and get the email if he's got some contact and make it on there.
Have tried to come up with not success to let you know what's happening with my little
restaurant.
It's been so long getting reopened.
The customers really love the Neely Burger with bacon and cheese.
That menu item is right up in the lights on my new menu board.
Neil, my home phone number is so-and-so.
My cell number is this.
The store number is the same number when we had to close.
And yadda yadda yadda.
Here it is.
Thank you, Neil.
I really appreciate your thoughts in mentioning us over the years and the near future
after all of our new employees have been completely cross-trained in food preparation,
serving customers, and maintaining even better operation than my previous year beginning
at Arnold's Royal Castle in 1980.
For my good close personal buddy, Wayne Arnold.
Good news, Wayne.
All right.
I'll fax you the pages.
Got all his numbers on.
Wonderbar.
And you can call me some free food.
Well, you'll have to pay food.
I'll pay for it.
I'll have to pay for it.
Not a pop.
Joe Bell doesn't want to get anything for free except him and his cronies.
His loyal cronies, his ass-looking cronies.
And boy, believe me, there's plenty to kiss.
27 past 10 at 560 W.D. Q.A.
And the tide is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers.
Oops, I said f*** again.
I learned it from dad.
And now mommy's mad.
Oh, mother.
Oops, I said f*** again.
And I'll get three years old.
My folks are f*** ignorant.
1032, but she's never been sawdust, you know what?
Oh, yeah.
But nevertheless.
So is your girlfriend what's your name?
They've blonde the Vimbo?
Jessica?
Jessica, yeah.
Hey, she might be dumb, but she's got some cans.
Don't start with that heterosexual talk.
Yeah, you're going to turn off all the f****s.
I'll tolerate you.
I'll tolerate you, but that's as far as I go.
What a line.
I tolerate them f****s, you know?
Who the hell are you kidding, Eddie?
Eddie.
I want thing to say to you.
You fairy.
Joe says and I had several of these emails.
Thank you so much.
But that's enough.
Mystery shopping is where you're hired to shop at a particular location.
Then you take a survey.
Usually not much pay though, says Joe.
And Mary says mystery shopping's when a person goes into a store a restaurant posing
as a real shopper to see customer service, cleanliness and atmosphere.
It doesn't pay, but you get free meals.
Unfortunately, that's like radio.
Yeah, that's right.
Like radio used to be.
You see get free meals, but now thanks to Joe Bell.
We don't even get that.
Don't even get that because his main deal is how miserable can he make the hired help?
I've never worked for anybody like him in my life.
I've worked for some idiots, but I just never worked for anybody who went, went the extra
nine yards to make sure that everybody was as miserable as he possibly can make them.
That seems to be his main goal.
How rotten can I be?
How, again, that's because you're dealing with a guy who obviously has no talent.
If he's got a talent, sure as nothing to do with this business, that's for damn sure.
Here's one from Genie and embarrassing story.
Okay.
What we're talking about food all day yesterday.
I don't know how we got into that.
It sure had nothing to do with what's his name?
Tim Tebow.
Tim Tebow.
That's it.
You got it.
There's a guy giving me crap for about Tim Tebow.
And yet it was all the e-mailers.
Oh, Tim Tebow.
That's right.
He's a real pajamas and he'll wear his Tim Tebow's pajamas.
And Tim Tebow's got a bigger thing.
Oh my God.
Talk about it.
Hey, God almighty.
And like I said, the overwhelming majority of my didn't even read on the air because
there was so much of that swill.
Anyway, Genie says you're talk today of restaurants, mainly the steak and chicken Tampa,
reminded me of the only experience I've ever had at that place.
Three years ago I was driving on that road on my way to visit an elderly aunt and uncle
in Tampa, starting having that feeling in my balls that I better find a place fast,
so I wouldn't poop my pants as you so frequently do just a joke.
No, it's not a joke.
It's no laughing matter.
There it was on my right to steak and shake.
I whipped him that parking lot and quickly, yet also carefully made my way to the restroom.
I barely made it before all hell broke loose on the turlant.
Thank Neil God there was nobody else in there.
However upon finishing I tried to flush and the handle just pushed down and nothing happened.
Holy crap.
I tried and tried eventually having to give up and be the hasty retreat.
I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.
It was mortifying, but at least there was nobody in there and no one on the way in as
I was leaving, else they would have discovered my embarrassing secret.
Oh yeah, the secret is I got the duty in my balls.
Is that a secret?
No.
See here's what you do, Jeannie, before I finish reading your thing.
When you had that kind of experience, what you do is you take the top, a real man, real
man like me, you take the top off the tank and you lift the little chain, the ball, and
the ball goes and then it flushes.
Right?
Right.
We've all done that.
Have a way.
You lift the flapper.
You lift your flapper.
We can name the part to the point of we can't have a flapper.
We can't say those anymore.
Maybe after that seminar.
I'll ask that.
Now let's find out tomorrow whether we can save flapper.
That's not the part I was thinking about.
Flip your magic.
What are they in the buster brown show?
What was the line?
Twinger.
Flip your magic twiner, froggy, something like that.
I'm sure you can't say it anymore.
No, you can't say it anymore.
That's how fair we've gone 50 plus years back in time.
Anyway, she says I felt bad for the flucky.
You'd have to go in there to figure out whether the tweler wouldn't flush or whatever
they needed to do.
But I guess they should have kept their plumbing and better working order.
Maybe I should have done the same for my own plumbing.
To be honest, I was bound balanced for life then and just finished a pasta salad.
But we better not go into that.
She says, I see.
Thought you'd like to know you aren't the only one who's met with a furious sense of
urgency.
May all your toilets be in working order.
Love Genie.
Thanks, Genie.
Next time just lift that top off the tank.
Right?
That's right.
Who hasn't done that?
Now I'm not saying it always works.
Sometimes the chain is broken.
Nevertheless, you might have to get your hand wet.
Yeah.
And reach in there and just physically take the stopper off.
I'm looking at those emails, man.
I see a bunch of polls the same one we started with this morning.
Which don't stop sending the polls, although they're not, especially the Charlie B ones,
are kind of like, yeah.
Like the one for tomorrow, the reason I haven't sent any Lanny phony emails is, did you see that one?
No.
No.
But you think they're all phony, not the one from Wayne Arnold or Charlie B or Charlie B.
That's right.
Don't forget the facts that now.
Or Johnny Dork, I will fax it during the upcoming break or I can just get up and walk over there now and
ask it.
And let you make some sounds.
See if we were in the same room, then you see that.
Yeah, that's it.
If I got up like the chemistry between Howard and Robin, everything I was back.
The Howard and Robin, Howard and Ardea.
Oh, great.
You know, if there was something there, I could understand what people are saying.
So the best line of all that email was, well, your show isn't like any of the other ones.
Well, you know, guess what?
That's right.
For years, I used to get accused.
Oh, he's ripping off Stern.
He's ripping off this one.
The only ripoff artist I know beside Joey Reynolds is a cast and over.
That's his whole claim.
In fact, I'm sure he's listening right now.
Hey, Paul, you suck.
Talking about Chinese.
I mean, just give me a break already.
Shameless, shameless ripoff artist.
And wouldn't it be something if Bubba loves punch kicks his ass?
Wouldn't that be something?
Well, speaking of ratings and stuff like that, Friday, Friday morning, we're going to check out
who's done this news, the men.
And for the guy that the animal sure was said or his boyfriend, that sent me the email.
Just about how lucky I am.
He's not on a midday.
It seems to me.
I could be wrong.
It seems to me when he started over there at the ticket and the ticket, he was on a midday
and didn't do very much.
And he's on in the morning.
He's still not doing very much.
He's been a colossal non-factors since he walled into the market.
Got a big mouth, but nothing to show for it.
Nothing.
So Friday morning, we'll see if maybe this is their big, or maybe we'll get a big kiss, you think?
No.
I doubt it.
See, one of the things that helps when you're competing for ratings, not that I'm not going to say,
that we do that on this station, but if you were, is that they can hear the signal.
That would be good.
Yeah, that would be good start.
That would be an excellent start.
Then you got to put something on that they want to hear.
Then you got to go out and tell people that you got on.
And you say, I'm delusional?
Yeah.
No, you're the, you keep hocking me with that damn talk.
Not what I say.
But you want to say.
No, listen to me.
What you want to do, and you can deny it all you want.
And the audience knows this.
You want to go back and reinvent the IOD days.
I mean, it would be fine if we could do that.
It's never going to happen.
That's not what I keep saying.
Things come and go in life.
Okay, it was a passing phase.
It was a stage in the business.
You know, it was a wonderful, I disagree.
Second of all, that's not what I said.
What did you say?
That there's no local vehicle for local businesses to advertise except for this kind of thing that we're doing here.
So all this excuse and you pointed out the log is false.
So I don't know what anybody's talking about that business is bad unless they're given the spots away.
Maybe there's always going to be a more, maybe it's a dollar or a holler.
How do you know?
I don't know.
There's always going to be a market for local radio.
People that want to advertise on local radio.
What does that mean for local?
What are you talking about?
What are we like network radio?
No, that's exactly what I'm talking about this.
What we have right now.
Yeah.
And it's not living in the past.
There's always going to be a place for this.
No, you want to go back to IOD.
You want to go back and bring in non-sports talk shows.
You want Rick and Sods and you want Phil Henry and you want the goddess.
And you want to go in and there are no such people don't you understand?
Right. Well, whatever you say.
I mean, there are a couple stations still doing that like that real radio crap in Orlando and crap is their middle name.
I mean, it sucks.
It blows.
What are you going to put on the air?
Somebody anybody like we know everybody that exists in the world.
Yes.
Like everybody who's got something to say we know about them.
First of all, not only don't they have something to say on the air.
They don't even have anything to say on the phone or on the emails or no, not these people.
So you're a well, that's what I'm saying.
This is the cross section of what we got out there.
If they don't have anything to say in an email where they don't even have to call and let their voice be recognized on the phone.
Then what what are you talking about?
There has to be people.
Well, there aren't many people are in America.
I did I did a survey.
Well, you were saying that and I there aren't.
Okay.
And of course, especially for this kind of radio, because unless you're a dumb ex-jock, you're not going to get a job anyway.
They brought in the DA guy there from Kansas City.
He's got a point.
Oh, whatever he's got.
His number is so small.
You can use the Mount Palemar telescope and still not see it.
Oh, point.
What's the plan?
Tell us.
He's going to give you a little projects.
We're the big three.
Four GM Chrysler.
We are the ones who make the SUVs that no one's buying.
And we drove a hybrid from Detroit to DC to bank Congress to bail us out with your money.
We're the big three.
We're the big three.
Chrysler GM.
We're the big four.
We are the jersew for our private jets.
And then said, we're poor.
We're poor.
So please give us billions.
And we'll work for one bug.
Because if we file bankruptcy, the nation's.
Okay, your fax is percolating right now.
I forgot all about it.
Just this moment I sent it to you.
Thanks.
You hear it beeping?
No, I get it.
I'm sure it will.
On your end.
It's just starting to beep on this.
Oh.
It isn't even making a fax sound yet.
Come on.
There it is.
Connection.
Connection.
We're connected to the world.
At least the Neal and Georgia are connected there.
Although you sound like you're a million miles away.
Yeah, you know, in two different worlds like that.
Oh, here's GM 33-021 with his.
Is this the first today or the second of his 50,000 daily
caustic emails?
I lost count.
Subject advice.
You need to stop giving advice of what and where to eat.
And now you're giving plumbing advice.
Whatever happened to the good old days when Phil Henry was on the station.
It's time for you to retire.
Well, guess what?
I'm not going to retire number one.
And number two Phil Henry is a shadow of what he once was.
Just like I am.
Things ain't the same.
It's like George living in the past.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Local.
I mean, you talk gibberish sometimes.
Whatever you say.
Whatever you say.
I don't know what you're hearing or what language I'm speaking.
I'm hearing you talking about like local.
Who do you think we have?
Look on the log and see who the sponsors are.
Are they like, I like they're on Mars or somewhere or like on Uranus.
Right.
They're local businesses.
Yeah.
And so there will always be a market for this.
So what does that mean?
That I hear a lot of talking like radio is dead and local radio is dead.
I didn't say anything about anything being dead.
I was jolly Joel Bell said something was dead.
And I think it's in his pants.
And it doesn't make any sense to me.
It's like local businesses are dying.
You know, it's like, well, people need to eat.
People need to advertise.
Well, guess what?
People when they don't have any money or when they start getting panicky,
they stop spending money.
I had to say somebody just made this up.
Right?
I mean, you flush with cash.
You got hundreds of porn out of your role.
Yeah, I'm porn.
Yeah, right.
Well, they're swallowing by the way your confirmation hearing is going on.
She's going on a new perhaps different approach.
She's as cold as a figure.
She really is.
I didn't like her before and I don't like her now.
And boy, Obama sure beat the pants off her.
Her nasty will ugly wrinkle last.
Oh, there you go.
Pick it on swillow.
We are secretariat state again.
You're out of touch.
Okay.
Touch this.
Here's one from the fake Larry King.
You know, I think I'm going to stop reading these fake.
Well, I know you will eventually.
Because if it was from somebody even with making up a real name,
you know, like Joe Robino, it's anything,
then it might be worthwhile.
But it's just the same one or two people with the fake Barry Jackass
and the fake Larry King and the fake Greg Budell and the fake Adam.
What's his name?
Kirschner.
Yeah.
That yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
So the fake Larry says,
Viva Las Vegas.
I heard you mentioned yesterday you no longer go to Vegas.
You turned me on a Vegas many years ago.
What turned you off?
I turned him on to Vegas many years ago.
Yeah.
Larry King would be saying that right.
What turned me off is that I don't need to go way on the middle of the desert.
I'm going to go 100,000 miles away and just let four or five hours on a plane
to go lose my ass.
If I want to do that, I can get in the car and go right over to Woodbine in 25, 30 minutes
and lose however much I want to lose.
And actually they have a hell of a lot better luck at Woodbine than I do in Vegas.
Tourist traps are exactly what, they're tourist traps.
They're not geared for you to win.
I think of all the times I've been to Vegas.
Maybe I came out winning once or twice and not all that much either.
But as far as the losing?
Well, if you want to lose several grand and then these people that go to Vegas for like a week or 10 days,
what are they thinking about?
Yeah.
I go there for a weekend or like maybe a three day weekend, like on a holiday or something,
and I can lose my ass in that period of time.
Well, that's because all you do is gamble.
You don't want to go see those great shows.
You're right, I don't want to go see those shows.
Who wants to go see some bird out has been from like 30 years ago,
while you're out in the middle of the desert?
Who wants to go see that?
Who wants to go see Wayne Newton?
You.
Good.
Exactly.
Or the McGuire sisters or whoever that else is, you know, who wants to see that?
I don't.
You don't want to see a magic show?
And they got a good, they got not one, but they got two roots, Chris out there.
But guess what?
If I want to go to roots, Chris, I can go right here in the Holt and the Hotel.
Anytime I want.
Without spending a fortune, well, they'll fly out there if you look,
yeah, if you lose enough, right?
If you gamble enough and lose it.
It's just not for me anymore.
And if I reach the point in Vegas where all these new casinos,
a parasite did like of the new ones.
It had a different atmosphere.
It had that when you were wandering through that one part of it with these,
the skyline and the whole deal.
It feels like you're really outside, even though you're not.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Have you been in it?
No.
No.
Too new.
But all the rest of them are like, they're all the same.
If you just were in a coma, if you were in a trance,
and somebody snapped his fingers and woke you up and you looked around,
you could be in any one of like 20, 30 different casinos.
Right?
Yep.
There's a bunch of machines and a bunch of tables and a bunch of people
and that's it.
Not knocking it.
It's fine.
Everybody should go there at least once.
But the idea, the enjoyment of continuing to schlep out there and schlep out there,
forget about it.
I don't want to schlep no more.
It's too damn far from anywhere.
Unless you live in California, something like that.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Maybe I'll start doing the show from LA.
There you go.
And Alice Rantell can ask me all the stupid questions in person as opposed to me.
There's another fake, fake Alice Rantell.
He was all whipped up to a frenzy yesterday.
Ed says, sometimes you can go back.
He says, sometimes you can go back if even for a little while.
Last night while channel surfing, I came across an old best of Jack Benny's show.
His guest host was Nat King Cole.
I found myself laughing as if for the first time I'd ever seen the show.
There were some 20-year-olds in the room who thought comedy started with Saturday Night Live.
After a few minutes, they were actually enjoying the old black and white show.
Nat King Cole was great.
I forgot what a good voice he had.
Like butter.
Anyway, memory lane is fun.
And now I'm looking forward to finding more of these shows.
Love your show for over 25 years.
It says, Ed, chronic Ed in Fort Lauderdale.
Sometimes you can't go back.
I don't think I would watch the Jack Benny show again.
I mean, it could be wrong, but.
No?
No.
Did you ever see the Jack Benny show?
Yeah, it was a little low key.
Yeah, very low key.
Rochester. Rochester.
I mean, I'm from Rochester and even that didn't impress me.
And I was some...
...churcher named Rochester.
I still don't know what that was all about.
Rahim says, you are right.
Joe Bell has ruined this radio station.
I can't even listen to...
...listed to Joe Rose anymore.
A 50 plus old man always asking,
how are you doing with ladies and Zach who has a college degree?
And all he can talk about is Florida, Tebow and Food.
In my country, we would call him a waste of sperm.
Now I listed to defo the engine,
INGIN, INGIN killer, from 6 to 9 on 640 AM.
Oh, you're the one, Rahim.
Somebody has to.
You're the one.
Listen to the engine killer on 640.
Be interesting to see the tremendous job that James Crystal radio does in the numbers.
You put together those five sports stations they got and you still have,
you know, because you multiply times five and you still got point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right.
Yep.
I mean, from what I...
...one of you may have got yesterday,
you were ranting and raving the day,
was playing hooky and sick and couldn't talk last week, last Wednesday.
And you were going on about the problem with radio and how it all sucks.
So you should be aware of what the problems are.
If indeed you were telling it like it is,
unless you were like, uh...
What?
Yeah, it was.
It was talking about how it's done.
Well, most of it is crap.
Yeah.
Most of it is garbage.
And in this town, it's like they're doing it on purpose.
Most of it anywhere is garbage.
Because you've got five companies that own like 90% of all the radio stations,
including cheap channel,
and all they wanted to do was open up a pot, put on some syndicated garbage in market after market.
You can be driving around from one market to the other,
and you still hear the same stupid-ass shows.
Here's Russian, here's Dr. Laura, and here's this one.
You know, there's the same goofballs in every damn market.
Radio on the cheap.
In industry that's in the midst of self-immolation.
Working very hard to destroy itself,
and doing a hell of a job by the way.
Horsely good name.
The best thing here is my job, bro.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
This is your brain.
Oh my god.
Any question?
Bird Anderson is a real guy co-customer, not a paid celebrity.
So to help tell his story,
we hired an actual celebrity.
Plexico Burris.
I was driving to a nightclub recently
when I got into a little accident.
That's why you got to protect yourself when you go out clubbing.
I always have protection when I go out.
You know what I'm saying?
Luckily I had my guy co-card in my pocket.
That's right, I got son in my pocket too, man.
Check this out right here.
Oh damn, oh not again.
Oh man, that hurts.
But let your birds, man, it burns.
Oh my god, are you alright, Plexico?
You don't call me Plexico.
The name is Harris Smith.
You got that Harris Smith.
Guy co, real service, real savings, real insane celebrities.
Realizing our story straight.
We in an Applebee's right now, you got that?
11.01 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday to you.
We got the big ol' at the East West Rang game at 2 o'clock,
which is enough to make me fall on the floor
and just roll around and fart a lot.
Well, I was sure farting a lot in bed last night.
I went to bed and I just lay there farting so bad that even I couldn't stand.
That didn't you Dutch oven yourself when you do that?
I couldn't stand it.
Here's the poll so far, 424 vote.
I'm most annoyed by the Bible Thumpers interference in.
What can be broadcast on TV and radio 108?
Abortion writes 89.
Teaching evolution in school 78.
Game marriage 44.
Pushing prayer in school is 28.
Sex education 27.
I'm not annoyed with them at all 25.
I'm proud to be a Bible Thumper 13.
You fairy.
Sex language and violence in the movie 7.
And how Christmas should be observed 5.
How are they interfering in sex language and violence in the movies?
Other than the movies on TV,
where every four-letter word is bleeped,
even on the pay for play channel.
It started with the Hayes Commission.
Hayes Commission looks to go back and talk about that.
No.
The whole rating system is that.
That's the Gaby Hayes Commission.
Yeah, and you like that.
That was the Catholic Church deciding.
All they knew was good for everybody.
And you know, trying to get rid of that.
There are no's in everybody else's business.
Ricardo says, five guys, they suck.
How do you like that?
He says, these people who say they love five guys have no taste buds.
I try to newster by my house.
Boy was I disappointed.
Burgers are small and tasteless.
Prices are big in their fries are the worst I ever tasted.
When these BK and Mickey D's have nothing to worry about.
Says, Ricardo.
He says, five guys, they suck.
Wow.
How could there be such a disparity?
I mean, I realize, you know, different strokes for different yolks.
But he just doesn't like whatever they're delivering.
Just like Edward Horton, whatever his name was,
who didn't like this show.
Even though his coworker is holding a gun to his head,
probably still forcing him to listen because I read his long email
on the air today.
So I'm sure he's squeezing himself and probably squeezing his coworker too.
You're squeezing it.
The fake Adam Kirchner says, I'm wounded.
I thought you enjoyed the fake emails.
Paul Harvey Jr. must be breaking character as the fake Larry King.
Now, what is that?
I wish I knew.
Can you translate that?
Can you interpret that for me?
No.
And then the fake Adam also sent me another one.
Who are your five favorite chronic him fake emails?
I don't know.
None of them.
None of the above.
If we never would have started with any fake emailers,
it would have been just as well, you know?
Especially starting with all that great butyl serious crap.
Fourteen cents a share, by the way.
Get all the serious you want.
It's a buying opportunity.
Fourteen cents a share.
Buy it while it's still on the market while they're still in business.
Kevin says the purpose of mystery shoppers is to help businesses and creed sales
and improve employee customer service awareness.
We provide businesses with more information than other mystery shopping companies
through the use of questionnaires and detailed narratives.
These questionnaires provide businesses with an unbiased opinion of how they're perceived by the customer.
Kind of like five guys by that guy a minute ago who said they suck
and how disappointed he is bitterly disappointed.
It says we leave the owner of this added responsibility, business owners who are presently using our services
and are getting a more realistic picture of how their customers perceive their company.
It says Kevin from some company which I don't know what it is because he doesn't say
and who would want to know anyway.
Would you want to know?
No.
Mary says, okay last note today.
Donnie and Marie have a show in Vegas.
Wow, would I go see that?
No.
You bet your bottom dollar I would not.
I'm booking my flight now.
Yeah.
I mean, Mary, let's get serious, okay?
I mean, Donnie was on my show a hundred years ago and I would dean.
He's a good guy and I wish him all the best.
I'm really tired of Marie and all her nervous breakdowns and being on Larry King
and both of them talking about their personal problems and that seems to be their new role in life, especially her.
Am I right?
Yep.
She was on every talking head show, Belia Kinnabat all her energy and her this.
Yeah.
Most people in the world would trade with you any day, Marie.
Sure.
Have all the problems that you got and have had.
Donnie and Marie have a show in Vegas.
I'm going to, like you said, book the first air candidate and get out there and check that out.
Not.
See, I don't have free choice anymore.
I don't have free will.
According to this audience, I'm supposed to like what they want me to like.
I'm supposed to eat where they want me to eat.
I'm supposed to go where they want me to go.
I'm supposed to retire whenever they want me to retire and in all these things.
Well, guess what?
I'll do whatever the F. I want to do.
How do you like that?
Because I'm a crotchety, miserable old coot and I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
It's my life.
Now you're wrong, Neal.
You're wrong, Rajas.
It's time to retire.
And also I got to pay George a two, three hundred thousand a year.
That's right.
What a jerk ball.
That guy is that the G gold barb guy.
What an idiot.
Once an idiot, always an idiot.
He may not be good at least he's consistent.
Well, look at that taco smell.
Gave you the fart says of this idiot who's at least at least today he's sending a couple of emails that aren't about Tim Teebo.
On that day that the chronic emailer was writing about earlier on that day after the BCS game.
This guy must have sent 75,000 emails about Tim Teebo.
That's like that was all he could write about.
Today he says taco smell.
Gave you the F. Well, guess what?
I didn't eat at taco smell.
How do you like that?
So must have been just talking about it that gave me the bad parts.
And that's something.
That's how bad it is.
Neil, did you also see Steve Marterano on Jimmy Kimmel last night?
First of all, I don't watch Jimmy Kimmel and I have no idea who Steve Marterano is.
Do you?
Nope.
Did you also see Steve Marterano on Jimmy Kimmel?
Oh my God.
Here's one from Tim.
I guess about the person who missed re shops is that he performs the service where he or she goes into a place unannounced.
That's like a regular customer that rates the establishment.
Yeah, that's what they've been saying all the other 800 emails.
Mystery shoppers work in food and retail rating their experience with regard.
Oh, this is ponderous.
I hope this is correct and provides some insights as Tim and Miami.
Okay, thanks Tim.
It's correct.
Here's another one from another,
a new Jackass.
Oh, let's bust Neil's balls.
Let's buy it.
Doesn't phase me in the least.
Okay, keep him coming.
Like that first one.
That long, long thing from Edward says her hands,
scissors hands.
Yeah.
Oh, we're really going to get to him.
Yeah, really bugs me.
Just keep him coming.
A lot of them.
Neil, it's another beautiful day in paradise down here.
Sunny skies, great weather.
How are you doing up there?
I'm doing great.
It's colder in hell.
It's going to snow again this afternoon,
but I'm doing great.
Five the next two or three days,
it's going to be colder than the end of the world.
And I couldn't give it crap less.
I'm doing just fine.
Oh, no, you can't be doing just fine.
John and Helen Dale Beach says meaning on the poll.
I guess where's the selection for everything?
I'm so confused.
I don't know which to choose.
Thanks, guys.
You do a great work.
Well, Ponder it, John.
I'll keep you off the streets.
Give you something to do all day.
Ponder, where is the time?
I don't know what to vote for.
Here's one that says five guys is a not above Johnny,
F and rockets, but very similar.
Says John V.
It's like Johnny F and rockets.
I didn't get that feeling at all.
I can't compare.
See, I mean, I would have thought that Johnny rockets
would be a place where you get like the little burgers like
Wayne Arnold has and like, you were all castle, white castle, like that.
You know, but it's not.
No.
In fact, now that I think of it, I've never had a burger at Johnny rockets.
I always get the patty melt.
Okay.
Because I love patty melts and you don't find them on a menu too very many places.
No, Mo.
I don't know why.
You ever see patty melt just this morning?
Oh, Ray now is catching up with the Charlie B with the polls.
My God, Ray.
Here's another one from somebody else.
What 1960s sitcom most resembles your dumb ass life.
None.
None of the above.
sitcoms don't resemble anything.
Oh, here.
This is the fifth try by this one again.
Still on 90, not whatever it is.
If Woodbine put a red lobster and Taco Bell in the food court, you never leave there.
This is the Tim Teebo guy.
Who was sending 45, 50,000 Tim Teebo emails last week after the BCS Championship game.
He wants Tim Teebo in his bed.
He wants to wear Tim Teebo's pants at the same time that Tim is wearing them.
I just don't get it.
Bandwagon jumpers.
That's what's all about bandwagon jumpers.
Oh, who are we going to root for this year, Neil?
What team are we going to find to root for this year?
Ranges.
Ranges.
What is it about New York that makes people like that?
Is it because there are so many people and there's so much stress and the fast pace of life and all the pressures?
Sure.
Is that a good excuse that makes people like that loud?
Sounds about right.
Not just an overbearing and disgusting and unacceptable and subhuman.
I mean, there's no question there are a lot of nice people in New York.
But like I've said for years, most of the nice people are still there.
As opposed to the ones that got run out of town, I'm on up in South Florida.
It's it.
Don't forget the book comes out Friday morning at 10.
You get your, oh yeah, get your pad and pencil out.
We're going to go through all those numbers, man.
Each and everyone find out which stations are really done.
Charlie.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have to find that.
You're working your 560 QAM.
Oh, that's another stuff we joined.
Go.
Yeah.
Don't rejoin.
Hey, man, do I like that?
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
You know, it is an honor to be named Secretary of State.
Did you know that the Secretary of State is worth in line for the presidency?
It's true.
For instance, if God forbid anything were to happen to Barack, say he was poisoned at a state dinner,
it would go to Joe Biden.
Unless, of course, Joe had the same eye entry.
Then it would go to Nancy Pelosi.
But in her rush to take the oath, there could be a horrible accident as though her breaklines
were cut.
And then it's on to President Pro Tempory of the Senate, Robert Bird.
But he's like a million years old.
All it would take is a little push at the top of the Capitol steps and bingo at Hillary and Chief.
But I digress.
It is an honor just to be named President of the United States.
I mean, Secretary of State.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Not.
1117.
Oh, yes, entitlement.
You know, we got the royalty in America.
We got the bushes and the Kennet ease and the Clintons and all of this.
Oh, the one good piece of news that happened.
Was it when I was on vacation?
Yeah.
Well, was that Jeff Jeff's to announce the incinerone for the US Senate?
Good.
Hallelujah.
Oh, happy day.
Now, when did I say we were going to play that?
Next Tuesday.
Okay, Congregation Day.
Okay.
When Bush exits for the last time, that press conference yesterday was like, well, no more embarrassing than all the other ones.
I was big news, you know.
Was it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it was such a candid press conference, you know.
Right.
Jim and point and beach who evidently missed yesterday's show and is living in a vacuum somewhere.
Says, hey, Neil Johnny Rockets question.
Mark, what about flood rockers?
Great one in Wellington.
I'm sure you remember the one on federal highway and four lotter day.
I'll just know to summarize Boulevard.
Hmm.
All day yesterday.
That's all we talked about all day.
It was five guys and flood rockers and Johnny F and Rockets and this one and that one and the yada yada yada on and on.
And now Jim and point.
Now, I guess he didn't hear the show yesterday.
Or if he did, there's a little something for him to start to charge.
Oh, you know, we got that long delay now.
Yeah, that's right.
He's just catching up on delay today.
Or maybe he just couldn't hear the signal yesterday.
That's a possibility.
Here's one from a sal who says, way back, you said that Obama would be president.
I said, you must be crazy, but then it happened after that.
I'll never doubt anything you say.
But listen to you since 88.
Thanks, Neil God.
Neil God.
Thanks, Sal.
No charge.
Here's the answer to the question about Steve Marterano.
And see, this is what I don't understand.
What kind of world do these people live in?
Who send these stupid emails about Steve Marterano was on some stupid Jimmy Kimmel last night?
Roberts says, good morning.
Steve Marterano owns an expensive Italian restaurant for Lauderdale on Oak Park, Oakland Park, Boulevard, just over the intercoastle.
He's a real musclehead in Italian.
Test the Gugots.
Exactly.
He's a musclehead.
So why the hell would I know who he is?
And why would I be watching Jimmy Kimmel?
Do you watch Jimmy Kimmel?
No.
Do you know anybody who does?
No.
Do you know Steve Marterano?
Do you know the Italian restaurant in Oakland Park Boulevard?
I don't.
I don't.
No.
Are they one of them?
Thank you, Robert.
But the bottom line is about that guy.
We don't know and we don't care.
In other words, we couldn't give a flying F less.
Don't let me forget tomorrow, 230.
We got that big extravaganza.
I won't.
I didn't get the memo to remind me, you know.
Didn't you?
Now see, here's a follow-up.
That was a pull question.
I want to show you.
I understand that.
60 sitcom.
I understand that.
And my response to it was, it's a stupid question because nobody's life resembles the 60s
or any other sitcoms.
sitcoms are just, it's like the reality show, same thing.
Just fictional crap.
Like do you know anybody, any black people whose life resembles the Jefferson's?
All of them.
Do you know any black guy who's like George Jefferson?
Do you ever meet one?
No.
Or like Archie Bunker?
Maybe he's bigoted, but not quite the same.
Meethead?
No.
No.
So yeah, I know it was a pull question.
I didn't think it was a shot at me.
Don't get very sensitive now.
If I was sensitive, I'd have walked out of this place a long time ago.
Neil at NeilRoges.com, well we're getting, now yesterday was perfect on the emails.
I'm not saying that we had any good ones, but that's not what counts.
We had a plethora of email and every break, every time during the show, we went to break.
And I was like running out to the bottom of my pile of emails.
All of a sudden here came a whole bunch of new ones.
That's the way it's supposed to work.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
I did not.
Like the calls, you know, back here, like when you take the calls.
And there's a couple on there and then when you take those couple,
there's supposed to be a whole bunch more come jingling in.
Right?
Right.
Don't start with the jingles.
I think that'll be a day that I really, really feel I've turned the corner in life
is the day that he goes away.
Find Mike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When he finally makes his last call,
when he makes his last phone call to the last talk show.
Oh, hi there.
Hi, how magic is going Gordon Oaties.
Look at that.
My, my, my.
The length of a man's ring finger may predict the success as a financial trader.
Did you know that?
No, you do now explain it researchers at the University of Cambridge,
England report that men with longer ring fingers compared to their index fingers
tended to be more successful in the frantic high frequency trading in the London financial district.
So be where the Brits with long fingers.
Indeed, the impact of biology on success was equal to years of experience at the job.
The team led by physiologist John M. Coats reports in this week's edition of Proceedings
of National Academy of Sciences,
which those of us who were participating in the show read religiously.
The same ring to index finger ratio has previously been associated with success
in competitive sports such as soccer and basketball.
The length ratio between those two fingers is determined during the development of the fetus
and the relatively longer ring finger indicates greater exposure to the male hormone
androgen the researchers be noting.
Previous studies have found that such exposure can lead to increased confidence,
risk preferences, search persistence, heightened vigilance, and quick and reaction times.
In a separate study last year, Coats and colleagues reported that the homeowner
that drives male aggression and sexual interest also seemed able to boost short-term success at finance.
This sounds like a pile of crap to me.
Yeah, another study that somebody wasted somebody's money on.
They studied male financial traders in London taking saliva samples in the morning and evening.
They found that those with higher levels of testosterone in the morning
were more likely to make an unusually big profit that day.
Testosterone, best known as the male sex hormone, affects aggression, confidence and risk-taking.
In the new study, the researchers measured the right hands of 44 male stock traders
who engage in the type of trade that involve rapid decision-making and quick physical reactions.
Over 20 months, those with longer ring finger ring fingers compared to their index fingers
made 11 times more money than those with the shortest ring fingers.
Over the same time, the most experienced traders made about 9 times more than the least experienced ones,
as if that has anything to do with this.
Looking only at experienced traders, the long-ring finger folks earned 5 times more than those with short-ring fingers.
While the finger ratio showing fetal exposure to male hormones appears to signal
likely success in high activity trading that caused for risk-taking and quick reactions,
it may not indicate people who would do well other sorts of financial activities, they said.
Some traders require additional skills on dealing with clients and sales workers.
So take your long finger, stick it, break down where the moon don't shine and make a deal.
Isn't it just amazing the stuff that they waste time?
I guess that seems to be a common thread all over the world.
I have no life.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
I'm not just a young Roger.
The old guy.
You want a pardon.
And I'm on out sitting the rose garden.
You've done enough time.
So I guess I'll forgive you for your crime.
I just got a few weeks left.
I've got two cares about the theft will let you go, go, go, go, go.
I'll sign that pardon.
And I'll nod it in the rose garden.
Who wants a pardon?
Come and see me in the rose garden.
Don't care about your crime.
So if you want one ghost standing at their line.
Yeah, step up.
Here you go.
You're up scot free.
Lend a 30 at 560 WQM.
In fact, David says New York City Dave.
Oh, I should have known.
You think one last parting shot Bush will pardon OJ?
Just something for you to ponder.
Oh, yeah.
Something for you to ponder.
Don't you wish you had the ability to get like a free pass to kill all these people you wanted to kill.
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah.
Get a free pass.
God.
Yeah, I'll ponder it for a few days.
Okay, New York City Dave.
You idiot.
You failed.
Simpled in.
And here's an even better one.
How about a pull on worst signal places?
This ought to be really uplifting.
Like Powerline Road Military Trail Congress Avenue.
Worst signal places.
Shouldn't that be uplifting?
Well, Linville, Caverns, North Carolina.
No, seriously.
I mean, what kind of enough of my thing would that be?
I might just paint.
Oh, I live two blocks from the radio station.
We can't hear the damn signal at all, Neil.
And that would be really uplifting.
Suicide inducing.
I'll pass on that.
And speaking of suicide inducing.
Oh, Rick, before I get to this, Rick says it would seem to me the reason the Jeb's here said he was not running for a cent.
It is because in two years of the game is run for president.
Oh, if the American people vote another bushing to office, I'm moving to Iceland.
It'd be better than the insanity going on here.
Says Rick about the Jeb's there.
The wildly popular former governor.
See, the people of Florida must be some of the dumbest people on the face of the globe.
Because no matter who the governor is, they always say,
Oh, the wildly popular jet bush, the wildly popular Charlie limperist, Chris, the wildly, they're always wildly popular.
Bobby Graham.
The only one I think that they had a little bit of concern about was that.
Fang Toothed.
Dracula looking Martinez.
Remember him?
Yeah.
Not Mel Martinez, the Senate, but the Bob Martinez wasn't.
I don't know.
Vlad.
Vlad.
Count Martinez.
So your good buddy Steve Sloan sends me this about this.
I'm going to send you some provocative website.
First, he sends me a video, which what am I going to do with the video?
Show it to the audience.
Watch it.
Stop sending me visual things on the email.
Everybody, please, please.
They send me you stuff.
What am I going to do with it?
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Not during the show, obviously.
And I'm not going to take like a whole separate section of the day and sit and watch a whole bunch of videos.
And then click on a bunch of links.
That stinks.
I'm going to watch it.
The Dow's up 10 points, by the way.
Any interest?
No.
Come on, George.
Oh, yeah.
You're supposed to be making that extra two, three hundred grand according to G. Goldbarb that moron in New Orleans, wherever the hell he is.
And I think that the Katrina thing was the Lord's way of trying to get a G. Goldbarb, but he missed him.
The Lord's always got bad aim.
He always ends up killing and maiming and destroying the lives of a whole bunch of people he didn't mean to do in the first place.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Too late.
A provocative promotion on a website is making headlines with their slogan, life is short, having a fair.
And the company's next target market is South Florida.
A rad.
Ashley Madison dot com is an internet match company, a matchmaking service for married men and women.
And the company is honing in on South Florida, married couples with new ad campaign on sports radio.
Why doesn't it say on WQAM sports radio?
It just is on sports radio.
Oh, they don't want to mention this.
Well, why not?
You know how that is.
You know how they are.
Why do they think the station is dead? Is that it? Maybe we're a threat to them.
Some of the radio ads include for people like me and relationships, but a need of something more.
A lot of nice weather, a lot of people walking around in bikinis and staying fit leads to a lot of desires.
Kade Ring, the men and women in relationships who are looking for more question mark.
The company CEO describes the service.
There is blue color men, women who haven't been told they're beautiful in a long time.
And our seeking validation said no, but a man.
There is blue color men or there are. Well, whatever.
Nobody said he was a linguist.
Several women voiced their discussed about the website.
I think it's ridiculous. It's sad.
Just as a lot about the state of marriage in this country said one woman.
Several men didn't have much to say about it. No comment.
I have no idea said one man.
Who are these people? We don't know.
The seven year old company said it has two and a half million members worldwide with men outnumbering women by eight to one.
Despite that ratio, actually Madison.com guarantees you'll get an affair to remember or your money back.
How can they guarantee that? I don't know.
Maybe they say have this sports radio is just the beginning.
The company is planning a media blitz.
A media blitz in the coming weeks that will include TV spots in South Florida.
Have an affair.
Okay.
Go out and get some.
Well, Joe likes them.
Sounds great.
Maybe they'll sign you up.
Maybe you can get a freebie.
Maybe I could do live for him.
Yeah.
First and testimonials.
That's what you got that one guy that Bob Eisenna crans.
That's right.
He's selling your show.
Here's how I ain't selling this show.
He sells recordants.
Yeah. Good.
Here's one from Lisa who says good morning.
I'm annoyed with the Bible.
Thumpers for the interference and everything.
Can't they just mind their own business?
No, they can't.
That's the whole idea.
If they don't want an abortion, they shouldn't have one.
If they don't want to marry somebody from the same sex, they shouldn't do it.
And so forth.
Just stay the F out of our lives.
Oh, they can't do that.
Oh, and my taste is not in my tookus.
Other in my husband, Antonio Salvador Jr.
Is someone I can hold up with for a few weeks.
No one can dispute his hotness.
Antonio Salvador Jr.
He's ugliest sin.
I love you, says Lisa, but Lisa has bad taste.
Wasn't she the one I was ooling over Tim Tivo?
Yeah.
I don't remember.
Yeah.
Oh, here you go.
GM is back for his 40th shot of the day.
I think your farting was from the many horrible meals you consume from Beverly Hills Cafe over the years.
Also, you'll be holding a press conference upon your retirement.
Yeah, I'm going to hold a press conference.
Hold this.
And that's it.
There are a couple of other ones on here that I thought actually might have said something, but they didn't.
That's it.
Neil at neorodgers.com.
That's how to get your great email in.
Get all your cheap shots.
Remember Fred shots?
Yeah.
You can take an expensive shot just from you talking about it.
No, they can't.
400d1 votes on the poll.
I don't like this poll either.
It's Charlie B Charlie.
You really have run dry, baby.
He's got a whole bunch of them still on here.
He's got one, two, three more.
And Ray D who's a long time chronic.
He's got a whole bunch of now.
He's trying to compete, I guess, with Charlie B.
We got a lot of polls.
Unfortunately, not too many interesting or good ones.
I'm most annoyed by the Bible, Thumpers interference in what can be broadcast on TV and radio.
126 abortion rights 98 teaching evolution in schools 87 game marriage 51 pushing prayer in schools 31 sex education 31
I'm not annoyed with them at all 30 or goody gumdrop.
I'm proud to be a Bible, Thumper 15.
Well, to you, Thump this sex language and violence in the movies eight and how Christmas should be observed six.
I think I observed Christmas the best way of all.
You say look there it is.
I don't I ignore it.
And by the way, it's the 13th of January time for you crazy go to take those decorations down already.
I know it takes a lot of work to put up some of those real fancy shmancy displays and the 50 scenes and yada yada.
That's all well and good, you know, but it must be worth it.
Listen, if they don't take them down, they'll they'll want to put them up again next year.
See how much time you save.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Keep them up while you're and see me see how long before your neighbors start coming around and shooting things up.
13th of January Christmas, Chanooka time for the Menorahs can't afford to come down and all the lights, all that stuff.
It's over.
Now as you drive around town, you still see more of that crap up?
Not so much.
Or and let people know that there's no connection to the decisions made by America's national security team, including the Secretary of State.
Wow.
Not only did we get a black person at least half, we got somebody who's not a cracker from the deep self.
How unusual that is, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Because generally speaking in the USA, unless you're a cracker, unless you're a drawing, a who like George W or like Bubba or like Jimmy Carter, you haven't got a Chinese mom's chance in hell.
You really believe that he said, Chinese mom on here?
No, I heard a spy report that says that that's not what he said.
What do you say?
China man, just like everybody else says it.
Chinese mom.
Okay.
Chinese mom.
I mean, mom.
Get her right, Paulie.
New idiot.
The best talent.
You don't have your new projects.
Well, I was watching the news about New York and their increasing tax on things you like to do.
I bet they tax your dog and cat.
If you're living in that state, you better save your dimes.
They're taxing all your vices, even porn you get online.
The governor is still pissed off about that Saturday night life sketch, so he'll tax and spend as much stuff as he can.
He's taxing everything, man.
Taxing everything, man.
Your jewels are in a sling man.
New York must need some bling, man.
Don't buy anything, man.
He's taxing everything.
He's taxing down on source code, door road, even soda die.
Go, go, go, go.
He's going to smarter industry.
He's free, wedding cake, dears, trade doesn't matter.
Exprings, movie drinks, coffee beans, little foul backwards, liquor stores, first foreigners.
You tell that he's healthy, smell less and nothing go to hell.
Taxing everything, man.
He's taxing everything, man.
Your jewels are in a sling man.
New York must need some bling, man.
Don't buy anything, man.
He's taxing everything.
Even your...
Back home, yeah, that too.
As tax.
Look.
45 at 560 W.A.M., happy Tuesday from all your pizons.
So watch that video.
Yeah.
And it was everything that you already read.
They still didn't say our radio station, but they did show the call letters.
You know how they'll show a radio like a car radio.
Yeah.
They just said sports radio, but then they showed 560.
They will not say WQAM on Channel 7.
For some reason, I don't know why.
Really? Yeah.
Well, what the hell is the reason for that?
Maybe they hate us, I don't know.
Channel 7 hates us like poison.
I don't know.
Must be your fault.
Must be because they'll...
I'm sure that.
Well, how do you like that?
Maybe the ghost of Ricky Tiki Sanchez is still hanging over that building.
That could be.
And Sally's fits.
Yeah.
If the food fits, jam it in your...
Right, Tom.
No, no, no, no.
I think you pretty much everybody that ever worked over there in the paperboy.
Get out of here, the paperboy.
Ryan Andrews.
Right.
Hey, Brian.
You're fair.
Isn't Belky's Son Channel 7?
That's a rip-off time.
That's a rip-off time.
And that what's his a Geary?
Louis?
I don't even know what that is.
Well, maybe they all hate me like poisoner.
Maybe they just hate the joebell.
That could be it.
We could certainly relate to that.
Oh, and speaking of that, Kevin says,
Neil, you are killing your show.
Stop with the insider-only radio talk.
Normal people don't care.
Hmm?
I don't have any idea what he's even being either about.
On a side note, I love your show
and think you should make fun of George Sedano's fatness.
I mean, you talk about convoluted, idiotic.
Huh?
Right, exactly.
Rocky from Miami says,
and boy, I'd say the emails are,
it's not even new yet.
And already they're creeping and crawling.
They're almost down material for the whole day.
And we got two more hours to kill here.
Makes you almost think about calls, not me, though.
Makes you think about them.
Oh, all the time.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
They must be really frustrated now.
They might be trying to buy those email.
The second day in a row.
Rocky from Miami says,
Hey, George and Neil, find Jens.
Why go to a five guys for a five dollar?
Five guys for a five dollar,
just about the same type of Wendy's burger,
when you can go to checkers.
Oh, for the price,
checkers is probably the best tasting burger.
And cheaper,
cheaper is the biggest,
the biggest tastiest.
What, whatever that means.
Do you know what that means?
Nope.
I'm done with the burger thing for now.
Good.
I've asked four fat dudes,
they all agree with me.
And you can't argue with fat people in food.
Now, that's a bunch of baloney.
That's right.
A lot of fat people.
They all like to hear about his volume, mate.
Bulk, that's right.
Now, that's right.
Volume.
Just shovel it down your push.
Checkers and cheaper,
good, cheaper, good,
Cubans and fat people know food.
It says.
Neil, do you ever listen to Jorge
when he does his show alone?
No, I don't.
He's brilliant and always talks about certain subjects
like his family experiences and computer stuff.
Maybe you have a segment
where George talks about something he's done in the past week.
No.
You want to do a segment
where you talk about something
you've done in the past week.
I want to do a segment
where I get up and leave and go
have lunch in the middle of the show.
Oh.
George, please get Neil to try some good Cuban food.
Some pastonies and yucca
with some thin steak and rice and black bean.
No, get them away from yucca,
the most appropriately named food in the world.
Thin steak and rice and black beans.
Oh my God.
I still have my lights up.
I think they're around right now too.
F the energy crisis.
Every cycling too.
It says Rocky from Miami.
Rocky needs help.
Well, good for you.
Keep those lights up all year long.
You idiot.
Just obviously exist to annoy.
He's on the planet to annoy people
and doing a hell of a good job.
But you want to do a segment now
because I don't think we got 500 votes on the pool.
That's good.
Oh, Rocky is back again.
Wow.
What is it with these commercial?
You know what?
That's why we're here because of commercial.
So go belly into somebody else about commercials.
Okay.
Please.
Here's one.
It says your signal is fine.
I'd drive all around all day in South Florida
from Kevin.
Thanks, Kevin.
So Kevin and Rocky are the two e-mailers now.
They're like alternating back and forth and forth and back
and up and down in and out.
500 votes even on this horrible pool.
I'm tempted to change it.
But I'm not going to double-dog dare you.
No.
No, I don't care.
You want to?
No, I don't care.
You don't research on that website there.
Yeah, but I bet you are.
How to have an affair is if you don't already know.
You could, you ought to go to work for them on the side.
Yeah, I'm thinking about it.
On your side, yeah.
Now, what is this from Stephen?
Oh, this is supposed to be funny.
It's not.
Sorry, Stephen.
Stephen Simpson.
Some of this is old stuff.
Way down.
Oh, my God.
From ages ago.
But that's okay.
It's not.
It's almost noon.
We've only got two hours and ten minutes to kill.
And boy, those e-mails, I know are going to come pouring in.
From all the fake ones.
Fake this one and fake that one.
Haven't heard from fake Barry Jack as yet today.
I don't think.
Can we?
No.
And whatever, whatever happens, speaking of inside radio stuff,
whatever happened with IOD is going on FM and they're changing the schedule across the street.
And Sid is going back to New York and Jorge is doing the mornings and they're doing syndicated in a 10 to 3.
Oh, whatever happened all that crap.
We get more bad information.
It is absolutely unreliable is what we get.
And then I go ahead and put it on the air and it makes us look like a bunch of doofuses over here,
which of course we already know.
We are Illinois governor Rob Blackoiavich has gained notoriety for his involvement in the pay to play corruption scandal.
But is it possible he was once a petty criminal?
He sure looks like it.
I still say he looks like a younger Stan Major.
Attorney and former police officer Robert Cooley can't claim that back when he was doing undercover work for the FBI in the late 80s,
Blackoiavich was a bookie on the north side of Chicago who was making payoffs to the mob.
Uh huh.
Cooley said in the web interview last week I observed Rob, the president governor, who was running a gambling operation out in the western suburbs.
He was paying street tax to the mob out there.
Cooley, whose testimony helped secure 24 convictions for corruption, says he told federal authorities about Blackoiavich's operations almost 20 years ago.
He provided the same information, the way we see seven news in Chicago in 2006, when Blackoiavich was running for reelection.
ABC 7 did not report Cooley's accusations at the time because he was reluctant to have his identity revealed, but now he's speaking out pubically.
According to Cooley, Blackoiavich regularly paid off Robert Abananti, an associate of mob boss Marco Domingo.
When he ran for the first time, Cooley says of Blackoiavich, I predicted he was a hands-on person who would personally be selling every position there wasn't a state of Illinois, and that's exactly what happened.
A site that reports on organized crime describes one-time mob lawyer Cooley is the infamously corrupt Chicago attorney of Operation Gambat, who bugged his criminal cohorts at FBI's request for three and a half years.
In the summer of 89, the story continues, Cooley tipped the night Miko off in a high-stakes card game he played to be played outside Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, where the take had reached his eyes a million bucks.
Robert Abananti, the streets in San Truck Driver, was told to bring along shotguns and a 22 caliber handgun equipped with a silencer to the Wisconsin digs to make a score in hitting the card game.
Both the attempted robbery and federal investigators plan to arrest the perpetrators on the spot fell through, and the card game rules was Cooley's final adventure on an undercover government informant in the Domingo investigation.
Shortly afterward he entered the witness protection program and has been testifying against top-level mob guys one way or another ever since.
The reason the city of Chicago can never be cleaned up Cooley now says is when the people in power have the money and have the ability to silence the media, the media won't report it.
As long as that goes on it will never change.
How do you like that? He was a bookie.
Well, Black Goi-o-vitch. He put the goi in Black Goi-o-vitch. I'll tell you that.
Let's take a look at those emails now, shall we?
You want to? Please do.
Oh, President Bush is doing his farewell address. We sure don't want to miss that.
As you very well know, way too many of your listeners are morons this one says.
Five guys, burgers and fries is outstanding. No ifs, ands, or butts. Perhaps George can hunt one down and be the determining vote.
Comparing five guys to checkers like comparing Halle Berry to whoopie Goldberg. Get a life feeble says Rich. Get a life.
Are you going to take up that assignment?
You know, I'm not going to go too far out of my way.
Well, why not? You live in a hot day. I bet you there's a five guys in Hollywood somewhere. I'll find out.
I don't have to shut up too far then yet. Or maybe close to the station, maybe between the station and your house.
I don't just want the meal for free. I want a limo to pick me up. Take me there and I want somebody to play with me while I'm on the way.
This I'm I've got to take one moment here and just block this guy. This guy's getting on my nerves bad.
This is the loan. Whatever this guy any its name is. You just way out of control.
Here's one that says your misery takes away my misery when I listen. The only problem is when you're gone. George makes me experience my misery more intensely when I hear him without you.
Says heath. Florida lover. Whatever that means. You know what that means? Nope. Neither do I.
Oh, here we go. Reverend Smith not to be confused with Reverend Jones, but very well could be about how I'm the biggest center of the ball.
Regarding the poll. I'll print it out. It'll be something to read. I said great. Reverend Skinner. If I wanted to afford lottery.
There's one a five guys in Fort Lauderdale. Like where? Like on the 17th Street Causeway. Oh, that's not too far.
That terribly far. I might be in this weekend. What you want to do is go and do your personal taste test.
You can be the what do they call it? The mystery shopper. The mystery shopper. The mystery taster.
Maybe I will you up for it. Yeah. In fact, maybe Joe Bell will give you like a little expensive counter going there and like all the people.
I'll expensive. I'll fill out a report. In fact, you can drive there and your brand new QAM car.
Oh, yes.
The best challenge. You know, you know, Roger. Well, it'd be the 12 to 1 hour on WQ AM.
Your poor little Adolf Hitler couldn't get a cake for a third birthday, but luckily, there's a perfect place to have his party.
Nazi Jesus.
Nazi Jesus is very your perfect alien child can have fun with all his perfect alien friends. Enjoy pizza, play games, and very fun.
And there's always a special appearance by the fear of himself. Nazi cheese. Happy birthday to Eda. May you live a thousand years.
It's the birthday place that's just right. Nazi Jesus. The kid can be a Nazi.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Come on one at five sixty WQ AM. That's cute. I'm almost enjoyed that. Play again. Oh, okay.
You're poor little Adolf Hitler.
I got a good idea. Let's play between now and two o'clock. Although we do start to get in some emails trickling in.
This is just like yesterday. Yeah. They stop and then all of a sudden as soon as I put out the plea, we start getting the trickling a few more coming in.
That's why it's supposed to work. Keep us going through the show so that George doesn't think about forcing me into taking some of those stupid phone calls.
Open the ring. Hi Ron.
Reverend Smith says. See, I thought it said Reverend Skinner. Yeah, Reverend Smith Smith, the top biggest center rhymes with Skinner. Remember Bob Skinner used to play a left field for the pirates. No, it was a right field.
No, Roberto Clemente was in right field. Skinner was in left and Bill Verdon was in center. Well, what a memory.
And occasionally in the outfield was the very attractive genosimoli. I just said that to aggravate what's his name Edwin Edwin Hawkins.
Oh, too much of this gays stuff. Don't you realize? Yeah, I haven't had that many complaints over the years. Okay. Most people have a sense of humor.
Something that Edwin or Edward or whatever his name is obviously doesn't. And thanks for continuing to listen by the way. Edwin, even though you won't admit it.
Hope your show gets better. I hope your brain gets better. I hope your attitude about life gets better. God.
Reverend Smith says, hello, sir. No, there we go. And regard to your pool. I think you are the biggest center of all who's polluting our airwaves today.
The Bible says that something, sir, many are living in daily sin. It was baby spending eternity in hell. You are using your homosexual behavior to brainwash younger people to take part in your filthy life.
I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I
I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I
I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could. That's it Australia is ame and I wish I could. He raised him gefundenly. He raised him advise to
He raise him 19,000 meters high. cage. cage. cage. cage. cage. cage. Elise and
enjoyment-music.
She has a complain in her ears. has a wonder of
things whispering together.cheos and
Grapeback. She has a wonder of
things whispering together.qucker clock. like things persuade her. e Troops. crisis.
e drox. Secrets.
ale gibt mit.
etclapping
maisdenning
Would you keep chastising me for doing?
I don't want to have all of those eight million emails.
It doesn't take up any space.
It's out of sight and out of mind.
I don't care.
I'm going to be doing a joist here during the break.
I think so.
I don't get back.
As soon as I saw Realtor Jr.
I'll cue something up.
Well, at least he sent something worthwhile this time.
See, one thing about the people that get deleted and get blocked
is that a few of them, not all, but a few of them.
They decide that, well, you know, he's not going
to read the other crap that I sent.
So maybe I'll actually make a feeble attempt
to send something worthwhile.
I doubt it.
No, it's Alice.
Rantel's recommended reading list.
And it says, this is not a joke.
Talk about self-hating fags, closet queens.
You fair.
They Alice.
You self-hating faggot.
See, I don't understand that whole thing
about like mancolder and Mr. Rudge
and all these other closet queens who are right wingers.
I don't understand that self-hate deal.
Do you?
They think there's money in it, I think, isn't there?
To be honest, the right wing's shill, a paid shill.
Alice's reading list, his holiness, John Paul the Tooth,
American soldier by Tommy Frank's,
treason by Ann Colter, Hollywood interrupted
by Andrew Breitbart, because he could by Dick Morris,
twice adopted by Michael Reagan,
and Tails for the left coast by Jim's person, James Harrison.
Oh, Tails for the left coast.
Obviously a right wing,
screed piece of garbage.
At a boy, Alice, keep banging away
from your right wing perspective.
You closet case.
And by the way, Shane, Sean Cassidy still interested.
Good, God.
This show isn't like the others.
That's right, Eddie.
It's not like the others.
Speaks in Longwood, who also was blocked there for a while
because he just kept annoying me about sports teams.
See, I don't really care to participate
in with the children with their sports teams.
Oh, ranges, ranges, you leave suck.
Yeah, I know they suck.
I'm the first one to toy to that before the season even started.
They're gonna suck and they do suck.
But thank God that Brian Burke got Brad May.
May day, may day.
We need another goon.
It's really doing a job, baby.
Speaks says when it comes to parts,
you think these S bags are told when they're convicted,
they'll be out soon, so don't worry about anything.
Or do you think they're surprised with the pardons, I guess?
Regardless, I'm requesting a pardon
for the overexposure of Tim Tibo,
which is certainly a crime against all decent
and non-yahoo people.
Love you, Neil says, Speaks.
It's a crime against humanity is what it is.
And boy, that day after the Gator victory, oh my God.
I think a lot of these guys out there,
guys have Tim Tibo blow up dolls.
I really believe that.
Don't you think?
Oh, I know they do.
Here's one of the best emails of all time.
Short, sweet to the point from Bill.
Bible Thumpers can all go to hell.
They can kiss my non-bible ass.
Well said, and amen to that.
I'll say amen to that.
Oh, but the good book says,
yeah, the good book written by a bunch of primitive lunatics
thousands of years ago to control minds and money.
And that's what they do the best.
They control minds and money.
And every now and then,
when their old techniques aren't working really, really well,
every now and then they get inspired.
Yeah.
And then what do they do?
I'll get to it as soon as I can find it.
Kill some beer.
Oh, you beat me to it.
You bastard.
I'm a bastard.
Kill some people.
I got to it.
But several seconds after you did,
that's what religions get people to do best.
Kill some people.
That's what the Lord instructed them.
And I guess that's what's going on now in Gaza.
Kill them all.
Right?
Again, because you know, that first time didn't stick.
Didn't take Romans messed it all up.
The nephew says the nephew,
do you think it could really be the nephew?
No.
No.
All of it that says from Oishmoy.
Yeah.
Oishmoy.
Oh, it says it's unfair to compare George to you.
That's like comparing just just row boating dine to a
paradigm sign.
Boating.
What?
Boating.
That's what I said.
OK.
I don't shop at boatings too rich for my,
especially now with my reduced salary.
I can't afford boatings.
They're both exceptional, but in different areas.
So you're a jethro boating and I guess I'm a double lot
spy.
I don't even know who he is.
Beverly Hillbillies.
He's the dumb one that was.
Oh, my God.
He's taking a shot at me.
Taking a shot at you.
And giving me Albert Einstein.
There you go.
I may be ugly, which I am, but certainly not that ugly.
You think Einstein actually had a penis?
I don't know.
Oh, wouldn't surprise me at least, but not that I care, but
just just out of curiosity.
Yeah, the Dow is up seven and a half points.
It's not doing much today.
It's just kind of stagnating.
It's just kind of like sitting there.
Oh, poor borers back.
I give up with these a holes telling people say this.
Don't say that.
Don't do this.
Don't touch that and touch it again.
They're hopeless.
Stuck in Weston and can't get out.
Have a happy.
PS, sorry, forgot the curse.
F South Florida.
At a boy, poor, he's good.
He's not not great, but he's okay.
Oh, and Adam.
Oh, Adam Ashmak from a kitchen or water, Lou.
They Canadian with no life.
Neil, if you want a good burger in Toronto, go to dangerous
Danes at Queen Street and the Queen Easton Broadview.
They do a 24 ounce burger with fries and a pop for 15 bucks.
Fries and a pop.
You know, that's one of the things here that brings me back
to my growing updates in Rochester.
Is they use a lot of like upstate New York term,
like instead of calling it soda, like they do in New York
and it's pop up there, right?
Mm-hmm.
And Montana.
Slice and a pop in Montana.
I know what?
Pop, it was pop.
Yeah.
The pop shot.
Go get me a pop.
They also have pretty decent wings.
I don't do wings.
I don't dislike them, but I just, I don't know.
I don't have time in my life for wings.
Another really good place is a patchy burger,
but you'd have to slap all the way to the topical for that,
but it's well worth it.
I'm not going to a topical.
Maybe I'll stop on the way to Woodbine.
What do you think?
No.
No?
What do you know about it?
Nothing?
But you asked.
Oh, Edwin.
Oh, here we go, more spy reports from across the street.
About Sid resigned.
I thought it should have said resigned.
Resigned.
But resigned.
Oh, all of a sudden, here's a scatological one that just
came in.
Nice.
It says kind of scatological.
Well, there's a warning because they know we have that big
discussion tomorrow at 2.30.
Now, is Joyce going to be there?
Do we know?
I don't know.
She's got to be.
That would be good.
I mean, if anybody needs to sit in on an FCC seminar,
as she does, we ought to be doing the talking.
She had to be doing the listening.
Used to have them routinely.
Well, it ought to be a real treat.
And now they're going to put me on the speaker phone.
Is that the way it's going to work?
I think that's the plan.
So I can interject.
Maybe I can play a few fart sounds.
I'm telling you, you just give them.
Maybe just a couple of raspberries like that, you know?
When you give them the contact number,
I don't know who's coordinating this thing or how.
It should be a real tweet.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
No, it was no Rajesh.
Sport like your 560 QAM.
It's the new NBC with all J. Leno all the time.
Wake up with Jay on the Today Show.
Oh, come on, everybody.
It's main J- Leno.
And that's what you're probably wondering
why in the world is Matt Lauer.
Hehehe.
Spend your afternoon with the new NBC daytime drama,
The J's of our lives.
I don't know if this makes no sense to me.
Like Sam's really hourglass.
I mean, what the heck still uses an hourglass?
Yeah.
What is it?
Last time I saw an hourglass was on the wrist of John McCain
for crying out loud.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, come on, a 40-doll.
Then at 630, it's the NBC Nightly News with Jay Leno.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Nightly News.
Of course, you know what that means?
It's time for headlines.
Headlines, everybody.
It's all J- Leno all the time.
Because the NBC executives don't want to see Jay
walking.
Oh, God.
Keep your chin up, Jay.
Everything will be just fine.
Talk about Muzzle, man.
Every there was a guy who had Muzzle.
1218 at 560 WDQM, Happy Tuesday.
We got Big O-2, Mad Dog at Chulis at 4.
Big O from the East-West Rying Game, which is using to me
for some sick reason.
The Alphanonite 7-A-Wade horrible.
And then 821-D8 tries to follow that with no signal.
I bet you there are nights he puts his head down on the pillow
and wonders how the hell did I ever wind up here, you know?
Do you think?
Maybe.
Edwin says...
It says Edwin is back.
Do we know who Edwin is?
Mm-hmm.
I don't remember any Edwin on the email.
Neil, it's not true.
Sid resigned.
He's not going anywhere.
W-W-I-D ain't going anywhere.
And Sadano sucks.
That's why he'll never do mornings.
Please put Geldey on more.
He's very knowledgeable and exciting.
And also Dave Lemmon is one of my favorites.
I don't know why you guys don't hire him.
He's a talent with a great voice.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, good old Dave Lemmon.
You know Dave Lemmon?
No.
From back in the WS News days.
Oh, from way back when.
He would be a huge improvement over the beast
that fat little U.M. Apologist.
God, I hate him.
Please someone, take him away, please.
George, I love you.
When do you think you'll get your own show?
Have a nice day in May the Woodbind bless you.
Love Edwin.
I got my shirt on.
Not button, though.
No?
No.
Talkage.
Well, I had that thing this morning, you know, before the show.
That thing?
Well, I didn't have it off-soda.
Maybe I'll tell you what's the word.
Oh, that thing.
It's not that side.
It was really a stupid thing on my part.
And that was there was one and a half snapples left in my refrigerator by Paco.
Because he's obsessed with snapple now.
Which is good stuff.
But this wasn't the diet stuff.
This was loaded with sugar.
And last night I had a choice.
Because I had gone out and bought my two-liter bottle of diet Pepsi.
Caffeine-free diet Pepsi for the show today.
I drink a lot of stuff during the show.
To keep my throat, you know, going.
Right.
People who talk a lot need to drink a lot.
That's correct.
And so anyway, the fool that I am, I'm taking my glenis, my diabetes pills last night.
And I'm chugging it down with snapple with sugar in it.
Brilliant.
Yeah.
What a moron I am.
Right?
Absolutely.
Yes, sometimes.
I wake up at one in the morning and I feel like not good.
And I go and take my blood sugar and it was just at high, which means, oh, like over 50 million.
And so now I go and I crack open the two-liter bottle of diet soda, which I know I'm going to need most of it today for the show.
And I take my pills with that and luckily my sugar came down reasonably.
To I'm still alive.
So this morning at about 9.15, you were out doing a choice.
And I just knew that I had to make a dash for the nearest place where I can get me some soda.
Mm-hmm.
And I got that.
What was it?
Nesty diet?
That's what you got.
Diet Nesty.
Good stuff.
Boy, what does that have to do with anything?
Nothing.
You're just filling in the people that are keeping a diary on your life.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's just about everybody out there.
Oh, gee, well, you shouldn't be taking those pills with sugar soda and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And regular snapple.
And you shouldn't be doing it.
I'm still here.
I'm still alive.
Okay.
Demzy says, go to take a leak in the stall next to a stall with a guy sitting on the toilet.
No choice.
Urinals are being used.
I start to pee.
I hear him start pulling tissue.
Gross.
Bleach.
The wipe.
Blech.
I guess that is blech.
I guess the wipe.
What's that?
A faint sound of surprise pleasure.
Repeat all the same only this time.
The sound of surprise pleasure is not faint.
Then from the stall speaking for all to hear.
Hey, the cleaning lady put the rolls in backwards in this Kimberly Clark thingy.
They're supposed to disperse toward the outside, but they're coming down the middle.
Next, there was a carefully slow pull and then they're not so surprised,
audible pleasurable wiping.
I'm wiping my button stereo, it says.
Now, do you understand that?
Not a word.
It says just happened.
So I guess the tissue was like coming down the middle, you know?
And I don't know.
Sounds to me like the guy had a hell of a job on his hands.
Wow.
Oh, I sure hope he wasn't taffin his feet.
Oh, speaking of that, here's one about thumpers, but Bible thumpers.
Jeff says, I get pissed at the thumpers worrying about anything that doesn't concern them.
Yes, I watched him come along Friday.
He does this thing called this week an unnecessary censorship where they edit in excellent bleeps.
So it looks really like people in the news are saying, Schmidt and F and other awesome words that the thumpers would hate.
Well, F them.
Yes, I eat at Cafe Marta, Toronto, the flat screens everywhere they have got.
Father and endless loop awesome meatballs.
Love you, my lord.
Kisses Jeff awesome meatballs.
I do like good meatballs.
I don't like meatballs like with a lot of breading in a minute.
Right.
That's carbs.
I think the rest of this week I got to go carb free.
Good idea.
Think that's possible.
I mean, totally carb free.
I mean, as in zero.
That's a good idea.
It's an excellent idea.
Get that sugar down nice and low for the first time in about 14 months.
I mean, I'm on the verge of a Bob Lasseter.
You do realize that, don't you?
What a stroke.
No, no, not a stroke, but like a diabetic death.
I'm on the body falling apart.
You don't do that.
Kidneys, the eyes, the legs, the feet.
Don't do that.
Antonio, I'm on the verge.
Maybe I'll go purge.
I had my bacon this morning, the zero carbs, my nukeable bacon.
And I'm sure you're right.
They're taking a lot of notes out there.
Oh, he's going to be dead by the end of the month.
You'll see.
Neil, here's one from somebody selling me South Florida again.
They just don't get it.
Like I've said before, to each its own, if you love it, if you like it,
savor it, enjoy it, be happy.
Neil, I was in Brickle last night.
It's an awesome neighborhood.
Everything new.
Mostly on professionals living there, a real downtown city living.
You would love it.
No, I would not love it.
You want to know why I wouldn't love it?
Why, because it's here.
Because it's there.
That's correct.
Good guess.
Because it's there.
I don't want to be there.
I don't want any part of being there.
I come down for a couple days, a few days here and there.
And that's fine.
Have a good time.
That's it.
You dragged him to cheesecake factory, that other place which I still can't think of the name of.
What is it?
I don't know.
Somebody will remember.
Why do I have a brain block?
A brain block, I've got the same thing except that unlike you I've never been there.
Oh, well you don't want to be there.
Okay, good.
Incredibly highly overrated.
Any place I can't make a decent hamburger.
And it sounded like really great.
Oh, it's loaded with onions.
There was like, there were like two little pieces of onion that accidentally must have fallen,
you know, onto the grill from somewhere.
That was as close to any onions as I could find out that piece of turd.
John says, long time software to resident now living near San Francisco.
Listening online, heard your comments about Ed Kaplan.
I was on the year at WKIS back in the mid-Aid.
He was just starting a show on QAM Great Guy.
Listen, your show takes me home again.
Keep it coming.
Takes him home again.
Yeah, Ed Ka is a great guy and he got screwed big time badly by not so jolly joe bill.
Screwed.
Screwed into that too.
So we could bring in this poor schlepper from Kansas City to get a point.
Oh, single that doesn't exist.
I mean, Ed, you know, had a following.
A lot of degenerate gamblers out there.
Why don't you hear the ball scores at two, three in the morning, right?
Right.
I want to find out if they were going to cash your bet or lose their ass.
Doesn't everybody?
Yeah, I would think so.
But Ed, he's gone.
And once they're gone, well, Geldy left.
He came back.
Maybe you can bring jerks back.
What do you think?
Okay.
Jerks can do a two-man show with the big O between two and a full.
Come on, Ed.
The big O.
What do you think?
Sounds great.
Well, it sounds like more of that inside radio stuff.
Here you go.
Who do you think has a better ass?
Everybody's got a poll today.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
J.
Jackass finally.
Here we go.
Clear channel communications, which owns 14 radio stations in South Florida and the Keys.
Settle the lawsuit after a federal jury found that the largest U.S. radio broadcasts are
added in fridge patents on a radio ad management system in order to the company to pay $66 million
good.
The dispute was over San Antonio-based Clear Channel's program that manages radio spots across
more than 1,000 stations so they can price the ads to get the most revenue.
No settlement terms were disclosed.
The verdict came in April.
A lawsuit filed by closely held, grant li patent holdings.
Grantly founded by Texas inventor Bill Shane Fox, owns patents for software that helps set
the price on ads according to the company's attorneys.
And Chief Channel has got to pay $66 million.
Great.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Farbiss and Abastard.
What's the biggest name?
Graygrass.
You don't get no rejects.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Named after the religious practice, I no longer associate myself with due to its controversial
nature.
Pina colcell perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue and gong on that.
La gong on that.
La gong on that.
It's perfect for all occasions, whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip
to the nuclear plant.
This is a fragrance for all your gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pialeum and I approve this fragrance.
La gong on that.
La gong on that.
La gong on that.
La gong on that.
She is one really sick bitch.
It's a 1233 and of course it was Katie Kirk and the media's fault that she came across looking
like a buffoon.
Guess what I mean for lunch right now.
A weenie.
Yep.
Don't you know what you're not?
I'll get some more cost to keep me.
That's a low weight.
You're a real real cook.
You could heat up a hot dog for lunch.
Maybe I don't know what you do.
I thought of floor sweeping.
Maybe I should cook a porterhouse steak while I'm on here.
Why don't you add your flavor wavering?
And I nuke this for 62 seconds in the and the nuke and it's the Schneider's all beef weenie.
And it's fine.
You know, you know, candy bars.
Right?
Sure.
This will tide me over for lunch.
And who doesn't like a nice hot weenie right?
No, we have an Edward.
Oh, that sounds awfully gay.
Neal.
Yeah.
Everything is gay.
Offly gay.
Mm-hmm.
I guess Edward's afraid of his own urges.
Mm-hmm.
569 votes on the pool.
Once we get to 600, I'm heading out.
I'm going to start playing hooky a lot.
Do you think that's a good idea?
Although you know as well as I do, the last ones that I couldn't talk at all.
Right.
Remember Tuesday, one to two hour?
I do.
I'll never forget it.
I thought you were going to die.
I thought.
Yeah.
But now I'm feeling just fine.
Good.
Throw you anegatory a-holes out there waiting for me to croak.
Not going to happen this week, I don't think.
Maybe next week.
Well, there's black oil which I'll see you in a minute.
And they gave all burst of job.
And that's great.
They finally broke down.
They're okay.
You can have it.
All right.
Friends and family.
And of course when my wife encourages me to do that, I know what I'm doing is right.
Well, said it leaders initially, bulked at Burrus' appointment.
But now they said, oh, well, it wasn't a bulk after all.
You can do a full stop.
You know what a bulk is in baseball?
Yes.
You do.
You actually played it.
I don't watch other people do it.
Yeah.
Same with eating and sex.
I don't like to watch other people do them.
I like to do them myself.
Hmm.
I know that's bizarre.
I wouldn't mind watching what's his name.
Tim Tebow.
Oh, God.
Well, I'm eating my weeny here.
Oh, I'll present the Filipino.
It's starting to back up on me now.
No, Ryan Filipino.
Ryan Filipino?
Ryan Filipino with somehow a chick I wouldn't mind watching him do a little number.
You know, there may be Ryan Filipino and Brady Quinn.
Oh, there he goes with that Brady Quinn and oh, my God.
It's so faggy.
Too bad.
So I'm going to join my weeny.
I'm almost no as mayor frat.
Hmm.
I mean, I could go in there and like crank up the oven and cook a porterhouse steak.
Yeah.
Put yourself a whole chicken in your flavor waver there.
I'm roasting it.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Make a gourmet lunch would be good while I'm doing the show.
Edwin says, what's the best toilet tissue out there?
Oh, it's frustrating when you can't buy a tissue that your finger wouldn't go through it.
And the ones that are tougher leave major dingleberry after effect.
Really?
Any suggestions?
This could be a good pull question question, Marx's and when I don't think so.
I like the extra thick, uh, unscented shaman, right?
Yeah, that's the best stuff right.
Extra thick?
Whatever the thickest, most expensive.
I'm sure it's all like extra thin.
Oh, no.
I don't like that industrial strength of extra thin.
Then you get tear through.
No, tear through.
You might as well be using your hand man.
You might as well have no paper at all.
The fake QA rental says in memory of fast Eddie Kaplan, can you play Do It Again by
Stevie Dan?
No.
I mean, is that is that ludicrous or what?
I don't get it.
No, I don't, I don't either.
I never listened to the show did, uh, you know, I'd play that or something.
Oh, he used to play.
James Brown and stuff.
And there you go.
First of all, Do It Again by the Beach Boys.
That's that one.
Steely Dan had a song called Do It Again.
Yeah, I'm trying to find out if this thing's slow.
Oh, no.
You're going to play Steely Dan.
I was in such a good mood too.
Oh, yes.
Talk about a pseudo intellectual.
Palace Schmidt.
What what's that?
Wow, it sounds like a commercial.
That's bizarre.
Oh, it's the TV.
How do you like that?
Wrong pot.
There we go.
You know this song.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Big hit.
Not a couple letters off a hit.
Released one in.
But that's not the only song called Do It Again.
I guess any of you are used to play this.
What's that?
Do it again by the chemical brother.
Oh.
I think I'll use that sort of show up in tomorrow.
Yeah, there you go.
Good thinking.
Daisy says, what was all that cockamamey bullshit at Chuckle Nuts, Bush's last press conference,
where he comes in and starts off with his rendition of old blue eyes.
That's sociopath.
Wasn't any kind of a leader, little, and a president, and sureness hell isn't a singer.
When our Bush and Shaney are going to be brought to trial for crimes against humanity,
Daisy wants to know.
And the answer is they are not.
They are not.
Just like they weren't impeached because of the weak need Nancy Pelosi and a bunch of other
weak need, the simpering Democrats.
They will not be.
Stephen Kendall says, I live right down the street from five guys, burgers and fries.
You know, the interesting thing about it is that until this came up on the show yesterday,
the five guys think, I never heard of it.
Me either.
And you and I, you know, we've been around the food cycle a couple of times.
And I just looked up where they are.
I've been by their a million times.
Really? There's one nearby you?
No, on 17th Street Causeway.
I drive that road.
You do?
Everyone's in a while, sure.
It says, I've eaten there a couple of times, but never again.
Once was enough.
Now, wait a minute.
Let me be that sentence again.
I've eaten there a couple of times, but never again once was enough.
Makes a lot of sense.
Is it just me and my mind, the only one who's confused by that sentence?
Together again for the very first time.
They offer a limited menu and the hamburgers are only served well done.
They should just should give you an indication of the quality of the meat.
The buns are still the condiments mediocre.
It's a state of mind.
I'm not astonished at so many in super south, Florian's enjoyed.
Keeseouth has the best or kegsouth has the best burger in town.
Keeseouth.
Okay.
Cubans known.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, even I find this someone amusing.
Cubans known for a comey end of me or the ha ha ha ha.
Wouldn't know fine cuisine if it floated and entered to with a Leon.
I'm sure they eat the same.
They're having crap over and over for every holiday.
At least they have good coffee.
We'd love to hear the red hamster bits of Stephen Kendall.
Do we have red hamster?
It's on an A-C.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, we do have it.
Wow.
Red hamster.
Hey there, rodent lovers.
March is all you can eat.
Weasel month at red hamster.
Red hamster for the rodent.
With three tasty new rodent flatters.
There's deep fried veal mice.
Peel and eat muskrat.
And of course our world famous hamster melts.
And I can eat bacon, double cheese, weasel, please.
And hold the hair.
And our flatters are always fresh.
Not like those other rodent places.
Because we keep them spilling on the wheel,
right up until they hit some fat.
Try our tasty roadside pizza.
Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes.
It's good.
And don't forget dessert.
We have some chocolate chip cookies.
Yeah.
And I want to have a hot apple pie.
I want mold.
I'm gonna have red hamster for the rodent.
Red hamster on main street across from Jerbil, OK.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
I thought Christy I'm a tea was fairy tale.
Absolutely.
This religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
And let me in for free.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of high mountains.
Speaking tongues.
They got me believe in my tongue.
And I'm here to hear the news.
We been from side to side.
We're in a battle.
We're in a battle.
We're in a battle.
No Lord will now embrace me.
I'd let my tongue to the beat.
Now whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
But that makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing round with time out.
Now I speak in tongues.
12.47.5.6.
I was just thinking maybe that explains Moe's repeated failures in the business.
Maybe he speaks in tongues.
Absolutely.
That's what I'm thinking.
I'm always thinking that.
I actually occasionally will start singing a song in the shower with and replace the words with doys.
You ever know that?
No.
I can't think of the doys back in town.
Like that.
Yeah, like that.
But not those.
Not the bits.
That's the way.
That starts singing.
Hey, if it's good enough for Joe.
585 votes.
Good enough for Joe.
Joe Rose.
That's the one.
That's right.
You're just jealous because he's got 6,000 live spots.
I'm generally sure.
I sure sell in.
Yeah.
Oh, now, now this is what I was saying before.
Some of these goofballs who continue nagging and annoying.
And every once in a while they try to present something lucid.
GM3321.
Remember this guy that I told you since 4,000.
Cost of hostile emails every day.
He says we do not see eye to eye and everything.
No kidding.
The Bible from present state of what we eat and when we eat it as far as no meat on certain Fridays and so on.
How is not eating a certain meat and a proven ones devotion to their faith.
You'll better get with it, mister.
You're going to burn in hell.
The whole Catholic church is a scam.
Oh, no kidding.
And another thing.
How is it that all the Jewish places can keep their outdoor-led and menorahs up all year?
Especially in the Emerald Hills area.
What do you think anyway?
Emerald Hills, you think there's any Goi-men Emerald Hills?
No.
They sure doubt it.
It's unbelievable in the city of Hollywood.
The moment you put up your business sign, don't have a permit.
They're on your ass giving you fines.
Are they there?
That's scared of them.
They're allowed to keep them up.
That's right.
They're scared of the idloth.
You got it.
It's an atrocity.
They better get their act together.
Who's that? The Jews of the city of Hollywood?
Both.
Well, it's a good thing my mother's didn't bear it.
She would be appalled by that.
Not.
It's one thing I'll say for my family.
They were never into the religious crap.
Although they did go on a high holidays, I guess, because they had a pay, you know, to join the show.
So they figured as long as we're paying for what might as well go.
Baruch Otto and I had me barmits for them.
My brother too, I believe.
I see.
I do believe.
Rosemary says, let me tell you.
I work with two, tell me Rosemary.
I work with two of the biggest Bible Thumbras you could imagine.
You know the type.
They love Bush and Tibo and think they're the greatest because they are Christian.
They listen to the Bible on CD all day.
Oh my God.
Every time one takes a break, so he can listen to it says something.
One takes a break so he can listen to Rush Limbaugh.
These are the most bigoted, lying sacks of Schmidt.
You've ever seen Sofil or hated. It's amazing.
I thought God loved everyone.
Oh well, Neil, I guess I'll see you in hell.
By the way, five guys is fair at best.
I do like the fries though.
See, I don't eat fries.
So I don't really care about the fries.
Okay.
If you're going to go to a burger joint, the burger is better.
It'll be good, you know.
No, that makes sense.
Yeah.
I mean, if the fries are great, that's fine.
But if the burger is suck, why do I go there in the first place?
For no other fries?
Jesus, God Almighty.
Here's one from the fake Larry King.
And you know it's fake because Larry King, the real one,
don't know nothing about toilet paper or email.
Anybody or emails or, you know, anybody that wears a bag,
a real smelly bag like Larry.
It says, hands down, the bad tissue was Charmin Plus.
Chuck Meyer turned me on to it.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Chuck Meyer turned me on to it.
Tender care for dear years.
Charmin Plus is the only bad tissue that contains soothing lotion.
It's just right for pampering your skin.
Charmin Plus lotion leaves skin soft and smooth.
I don't like the sound of the lotion.
The only bad tissue with lotion.
What?
Yeah, I don't like the stuff with the lotion in it.
I've tried it.
I don't want to smear something on.
When I'm doing the paperwork, I want to, I don't want to smear something on.
No, you want to smear something off.
Yes.
Shmear it away.
Yes.
Shmear it away and flush it away.
That's right.
Let me say it again.
If there was any God, there would be no such thing as excrement.
Let me tell you that right now.
Why do you presume that God is a good God?
Maybe he's a bastard.
He is.
He's a vassier.
He's a vassier.
That's the sense of humor.
Todd says, five guys is great.
How do you like that?
Put that in your piece pipe and eat it.
I go to the one off 17 stream Lauderdale.
It's one of the top three burger, three or four burgers I've had anywhere, anywhere.
How do you like that, you naysayers?
The last email are probably deserving what he got.
Also right in your vise is a total wine that has a large humidor full of good cigars and great prices.
And the voodoo's goes without saying.
Total wine.
Have you ever heard that?
No, it sounds like a word's missing there.
Love your shows as chronic Todd and Hollywood.
Haven't heard from Todd in a long time.
He used to be chronic.
I think I'm getting sick.
I'm going to have to take off.
I got my shirt and pantaloonies on now.
Good button.
Yeah, I got a button.
Aren't you impressed?
Yes.
Here's one that says, I must see.
He watched this whenever you have a chance.
I think he'll agree with this video.
Oh, it's a video.
You think I'm going to watch it?
No.
I hope you enjoyed.
You may have seen this before, but it's worth watching again considering the current mini situation.
And it's got a link.
It says it's extremely surprising the air finance TV station in Dubai would allow this to air.
Be sure and watch this.
Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi.
I'm not going to watch it.
So the film clips should be shown around the world repeatedly over and over again.
Okay.
I'll leave it on there maybe later on.
The spirit of Christ will inspire me to watch it.
Yeah, give us a report.
Steve says, the best burger and for Lauderdale.
Haven't found any place better than the Floridian for a great burger and fries.
Recently, fries always delicious.
Usually go there for their American burger, basic burger with American and cheese and bacon.
Or the ultimate burger if I want to pick out their spicy curly fries are the best in town.
Jackson will fast is also good for burgers, but average fries and not cheap for what you get.
Staying warm up there in Toronto, love that city.
So do I.
I love it.
I don't know if I love it.
I like it a lot.
I like it better than certain others.
I'd rather live in Rome.
But then again, I'd be dead pretty soon from all that pasta.
The boss, the lot pasta man.
I'd be dead soon in the audience saying, Oh, please move to Rome.
Please die for us on the right in the middle of the show.
Starting to get some emails now, some of them with some some length, which is good because we got another hour and six minutes to kill.
Is that the way you look at it?
Sure.
We got to kill it.
We got to butcher it.
Oh, Larry King says the lotion helps with the removal, especially needed after a few of those five guys, burgers.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
Bad tissue with lotion.
I never even heard of such a thing.
Really?
Is it like really lotion or is it like it's lotion like you know how they have the puffs plus with the lotion?
Oh, like that.
You got to wipe your ass with that.
That's the idea.
God, I wouldn't wipe my ass with that.
I mean, I test drove it.
I didn't like it.
Oh, you tried it.
Sure.
You smeared it?
Uh-huh.
It would seem to me would like kind of smear everything all around.
It defeats the purpose.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't want to smear it all around.
I want to eliminate it.
I want to like get it out of there.
I want to make it go away.
I want to feel clean.
Clean.
Not unclean.
When I think about working for Joe Bell, I feel unclean.
Don't you?
Absolutely.
Oh, that's right.
You don't have your car yet.
Absolutely.
So how's that car coming?
You hear any more from Bob Eisenberg about it yet?
No, but people are talking, I understand.
I mean, it's a do it yourself, deal.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I'm using my own contacts and putting them in touch with Bob Eisenberg.
Oh, you can talk to your well and again, my salary back up to where it was last year.
Oh, seriously, if you can do that, I'll buy you a car.
You're the one son that contract, man.
Normal cancer one who agreed with.
I know.
No, come on.
Hey, listen, it's better than being out on the beach.
I guess.
Look at how many people are just out there.
Newspaper people, TV people, radio people, all kinds of people.
Auto people.
People work on assembly lines.
Everybody's out on the street.
Nobody's got two nickels to run together.
Even the crowds of woodbind are slim and grim these days.
Like, ordinarily, on a Tuesday afternoon, the staff noon, you go there at this time at 2.30.
And it would be the parking lot would be fairly active.
Now it's going to be like pretty weak, you know what I mean?
Which is good.
Which is good because that means lots of open machines, man.
I know if that Chris likes to laugh at me for going early in the morning on the weekend,
but you know something, it works like a charm, like a shaman.
Go when it places in the pack.
Otherwise, you get stuck on a dead machine and you keep feeding it and feeding it and swearing at it.
I just, I can't stand the people that bang on the machine.
Those people really bug me.
And the guys that crank the handles.
You ever see those people playing the slot?
Oh, yeah.
Crank them real.
Real macho.
And I want to say, you're playing against the computer you moron.
You really think if you crank the handle hard, it's going to pay better.
You idiot.
You quizzling.
You fare.
You cymbalding.
And the whole counter is shaken and quaking, you know?
No matter where you go in this world, you know one thing you always find.
A-holes.
A-holes.
That's right.
And abundance.
1257, a QA and Niels half prize deals are back.
And this week it's the return of one of our very favorites, the High Life Cafe in Fort Lauderdale.
Just go to wqm.com and click on Niels half prize deals.
The store opens Thursday at noon.
And you'll be able to buy a hundred dollar certificates for just 50 bucks, half prize,
to the High Life Cafe restaurant and wine bar, voted south vote as best hidden gem
by Gold Coast Magazine.
Featuring the cuisine of Bravo TV, Telemundo and Seven Up Top Chef celebrity Carlos Fernandez,
come feast on his 12-hour braised short ribs, plump and meaty crab cakes,
cashew crusted Hawaiian butterfish, Merlot roast ducklings, succulent pastas,
tender aged angus, filet mignon, and New York strip steaks, and an array of fresh seafood too.
And lots of great new items on the menu for 2009.
The High Life Cafe, there were 3000 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale for reservations call 954-563-1395.
Get set to buy a hundred dollar certificates and half priced just 50 bucks on wqm.com.
This Thursday starting at noon, but act fast because these go like hotcakes.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have no rejects.
Sport with your 560 QAMs.
I am born a Spadler of.
Since fear has neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion squirre.
Instead we listen to a near-roger's fairer and balanced one to two hour.
Ladies and gentlemen, today I fulfill one of my most important tasks as President-elect.
I will announce the new White House chef.
Please welcome the host of Hell's Kitchen Gordon Ramsay.
What the f*** is this?
I don't have time to speak to the f***ing press.
Just a couple of minutes, chef.
A couple of minutes.
Who the f*** you think you are?
The President of the United States?
Well, no, chef you aren't.
Well, chef, just a few words, please.
Fine.
I'm really looking forward to cooking for Democrats because you know how I love working with f***ing donkeys.
Now can I go?
I've got to prepare the braw and create the f***ing lamb sauce that doesn't taste like f***ing good day.
That was specially for George.
Thank you.
Isn't he your guy?
He's my boy.
Your boy.
That's right.
And what's the other guy's name to bolt-head into a schwarzer?
I don't know.
Oh, and how do you don't?
We went through this last week, but I forgot.
Oh, my God.
You and I between the two of us, we haven't got a leg to sit on.
Just because you told me some guy's name.
Right.
Doesn't mean that I'm going to remember him.
We're about to remember him.
Yeah.
Well, forget him.
611 votes on our poll.
Not too bad.
I bet you even tummy would be proud.
Here's one from Brian, who says I've had cheaper, cheaper, f***ed ruckers, Ruby Tuesday and five guys.
They're all pretty good, but I like the mushroom and Swiss from backyard burgers.
Backyard burgers.
What the hell is that?
Never heard of it.
Backyard burgers?
Never heard of it.
Is he talking about, he makes it in his backyard.
Is that what he means?
Is he trying to be like clever and creative?
I doubt it.
Backyard burgers?
Never heard of them.
I think he's trying to be cute, you know.
I don't know.
Maybe there was such a joint.
If there was such a joint, George will smoke it.
Wouldn't be surprised.
Greg says, tried five guys.
How do we get stuck on this again for the start of the annual?
I heard somebody brought it up, boy.
Talk about the common old fact for that five guys business.
Tried five guys because I heard a few people compare them to In and Out burger in California and in Vegas too, by the way.
Users, five guys are no in and out.
Five guys is mediocre at best.
Greg says, soft-rode a weasel so it wouldn't know a good burger if it hit them upside of the head.
Flotted this place for the free peanuts, big deal.
I think you're free peanuts?
Peanuts?
Oh, wow.
What was the place that you stand at the peanut shells on the floor?
The steakhouse?
Roadhouse?
Yeah, Roadhouse.
They still around?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Too bad.
They still got one?
Too bad they were good.
Never right there.
I sure liked one potato two and three potato four.
Boy, those were great places.
Long gone.
Longer going.
And I see you're going to get me started on places that are gone again.
That's right.
And you get all bent on.
No, it's not.
You get crazy when I do that.
That's what I do.
Oh, that's for old people who are 100 years old.
Well, those are the people I can relate to.
Who the hell can you relate to?
Young whippersnappers?
Wouldn't know a good meal if somebody stuck it in there right?
Sharmon?
Jimmy says, just thought I'd let the food snobs know I'm shoving a big Mac value meal on my fat yapper right now.
I love a nice fresh quality meal as much as the next guy, but these idiots fail to realize that crept taste rate too.
That's right.
Junk food.
A lot of it is damn good.
Maybe tomorrow I'll get Taco Bell for lunch and then have a fine dinner at Red Lobster, where I'll probably swallow about 5,000 of those warm fluffy cheddar-babe biscuits.
Oh, those things are nasty.
They're not fluffy.
They're like rocks.
Have you ever had those?
That's what I could recall.
I mean, I do like the chowder and I do like the dessert at the Red Lobster here.
The rest of it you can have it.
They got a couple of these things on them and you're not a big seafood guy anyway.
You know that.
Right.
I do like this chowder a lot.
What do you mean by that?
You don't like fish.
Oh, just a smell of it drives me screaming.
Yeah.
Anyway, Jimmy says anyone who wants to blow out these brandless food stops should watch the episode of Penn and Tellers,
Bolshevik that discusses people's obsessions with having the best of everything.
They open a fake restaurant that full snobbish idiots into believing a Salisbury steak TV dinner is actually Kobe beef.
And that water from the garden hose out back is actually a fine, important purified water called Aguadeculo.
Aguadeculo.
Yeah.
Eat whatever the hell you want.
Have a great day.
This is Jimmy.
Good way to look at it, Jimmy.
Eat whatever the hell you want and enjoy that Aguadeculo.
Wow.
Brack them.
Steven of Jersey's back.
He says you want to burger to me?
Oh, and I emailed you something.
Okay.
I think you're going to like the buns in that picture.
Did you get it?
I'll look.
It's not.
I don't have any new emails just yet.
You don't?
I'll do a send and receive.
You've got to have it.
You don't got it?
Not yet.
These two chicks with a big, big gigantic burgers, big as they are.
Anyway, Steve says you want to burger to remember.
Heart attack grill, tempi, or Arizona.
We went there several years ago.
Holy, you should admit, monster burgers, large fries, beer, slutty waitresses and nurses outfits.
And that's what you got there.
Slutty waitresses.
If you finish this special, you get a wheelchair ride to your car, call it nutritional pornography.
Food so bad for you, it's shocking.
Jolt Cola, no filter smokes.
You can check them and you'll at heartattackgrill.com.
All right.
You see it?
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
See, I've done your favor.
I'm all hard.
I'm trying to take care of you because G. Goldbarb in Orleans said I need to get your salary up.
And that's what I want my, uh, just let me hoard the show.
I'll be fine.
P.S. Best Chain Burgers in and out burgers, California.
Real good, unreal good.
So Steve, yeah, they're in Vegas, but I never stopped at one.
The in and out, boy, you're this one right off the strip.
Oh, and you got to go back to Vegas, and you got to get your life back together.
Go back to Vegas.
You love it there.
Yeah.
Do this.
Do that.
Don't do this.
Don't eat that.
Eat this.
Each met.
Oh, God.
And to think for over 30 years, I lived around not 30, 26 years.
So I lived amongst these people.
Mm hmm.
Backyard burgers is myriad of Georgia on Johnson, Ferry Road.
Excellent burgers, decent fries.
How do you like that?
There is such a place.
Backyard, Boygers and myriad of Georgia.
I don't want to go there.
Do you?
No, thanks.
No.
Rob and Delray Beach says this month marks 10 years I've been listening to your show.
While attending FAU and Voka, I was turned on to you.
Uh, by my political science teacher.
I just wanted to thank you for a decade of great radio.
How do you like that?
A happy listener Rob.
Thank you, Rob.
God bless you.
We'll pray for you.
We'll say a brookle for you.
Oh, here's your, my bitch is back.
Good.
I've been missing him.
Oh, my God.
If anyone working at this radio station is listening, fly into Toronto and snatch
Neil from the thrust of Poco's under-aid charms and have him committed.
The burgers are good.
The burgers are bad.
These burgers are better.
Who cares?
Do something interesting for Christ's sakes.
All these retards, emailing burger this burger that get a life, there's more important
schmiko non right now than you fat ass can get fatter.
George, please do something.
Get your own show.
Yeah.
Says you're my bitch who basically writes the same thing every day.
Here's one that says hands down.
Houston's has the best cheeseburger Canadian bacon shredded cheddar cheese and shoestring
french fries.
Blows five guys and lumps out of the water.
Lums.
We're going to get back into the lungs again.
I hope not.
Let's back yard somebody sends me this backyard burger is a regional franchise chain of
quick serve restaurants and 10 quarters in Nashville.
Oh my God.
Black ainess beef backyard burgers also offer salads, baked potatoes and other crap.
Well, let's go to Marietta, Georgia.
Let's have a road trip.
What do you say?
All right.
Or you do a whole to Bob Lincoln and let's do another Vegas deal with the audience.
We could fit we could fit the whole audience into a 727 now into a Piper Cub.
On somebody better tell Mr. President that the people who fly helicopters are called pilots,
not drivers.
Do you hear that yesterday?
No, I don't.
He's over in Rippin for that too.
He said they're called pilots, Mr. President.
Really said what a retard.
The president.
What is some of these people going to do?
What's overman going to do now next four years, next eight years?
I don't know.
And who was it that had man culture on the other day?
Oh my God.
She's making all the rounds.
She, uh, you know, if she's peddling a book that bitch, I know we got a free copy here.
We do?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Get out the shaman with a lotion.
I threw it away.
I fished out of the garbage.
I'm gonna give it to some fascist.
I'd smirk with the lotion.
Yeah, give it to some right wing.
I like to like Joe, jolly, Joe.
He loves George W.
And you wonder why the stations in the toilet don't forget Friday morning attend those big numbers.
I wonder since they'll be doing the Lawrence Woke book one or two or one.
Let me get to see it.
Oh, I want to see it.
You're a bandit.
That's a boon.
Uh-huh.
George had to duck some footwear during that farewell speech.
A couple size ten wind flying.
They came up at a racky speed.
George saw the footwear coming.
When a journalist called him on name.
Oh, to to to to to.
It's better than any picture.
I've seen in any baseball game.
Then when those shoes grew by him, George was hurt to say.
I don't care much for that man.
But I sure like his thumb against.
Though he is leaving office.
We'll always have that memory.
The day George ducks some footwear.
We'll go down in history.
117 at 560 WQAM.
Brandon has been pretty quiet since the beginning of the show says.
Lest years dying around Stavroity 4 has got very good burgers.
You know, I think footy was onto something.
We could do like six months of burger shows.
What do you think?
Okay.
All you boogers.
But isn't that the case with most diners he asks?
Yes.
For the most part, you can get a pretty decent burger at any diner if they still exist.
You know where it used to be great.
Where in the in the dime store.
And drugstore lunch counters where they had the grill right there in open sight.
You know, they they take a big hunk of meat and some onion.
You know, and they cook it all up on the grill.
And then they would take when the meat was done, they would take a slice of cheese.
And they would take the top from a pot, you know, yeah.
And then cut it over the, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Put it on the grill over the meat and the cheese so the cheese would melt properly.
And man, those were, oh, the die for.
Whatever happened to that?
No more.
Don't see that around no more.
I wonder if they still do that at that red bird that place we always talk about with the banana splits.
Right.
Allens.
Allens drugs.
George goes there to get his drugs.
Right.
What?
Hey, listen, those were the days, man.
And I would do when they brought us in all the fictions and they made us bananas splits right there while the show was on.
Those were the days.
Now we got a hard ass GM.
Oh, no, no food on the air unless you guys pay for it.
Buh-buh-buh.
Oh, yeah.
And additionally, we got a lot of new sponsors that way too, if you recall.
Remember what you call siams, don?
Yep.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh in the box?
Yep.
Remember, Jeff, what's his name?
The sales manager that screwed up all of our accounts.
By not building them the, uh, what?
Jeff, hi.
No, no, no, Jeff Clark.
Oh, that Jeff.
So many Jeffs.
Oh, here we go.
Maria Bartheromo.
Hello, Mr. Roger's.
I see that you're burger-intense this afternoon.
Why don't you do something positive for your audience?
and talk about some good burger joints that will profit in the slow economy.
For example, Wendy's ticker symbol WEN, which is trading at $5.15 a year.
This is a great stock that's around 43% in the past three months.
I highly suggest you take a small amount of your pay on a weekly basis and purchase Wendy's
over the next three to six months regards Maria B.
Oh my God!
Are you smitten me or what?
The day that I start buying stock and mutual funds will be the day that health freezes
over solid.
I mean really rock solid.
That's solid.
Can you believe it?
Maria's still peddling her crap?
I believe it.
Peddling her goods?
The NASDAQs have three points.
Markets are doing too much today Maria.
Try as you might.
They're just ain't much going on.
Let me see how those Canadian markets are going.
I get cast and over all whipped up.
Oh, the T.S. X is up 129 points while the Dow is down 28.
Oil is down to 37 bucks a barrel again.
You see that article we had on a website about how the speculators goose the price up to
150 bucks and rape the world.
We knew they were doing it while they were doing it and everybody kept saying they're
doing it and nobody wanted to stop it.
And they did it.
And then all of a sudden when everybody says, oh, we don't want any more of that damn expensive
gas, we're not going to buy that no more.
Oh, geez, nobody wants it now.
So even if he had the best burger in the world, if you charge a hundred bucks for it,
do you think people would buy it?
No.
631 votes on our world flaming pool.
Our goal is 650.
Oil is 3719 a barrel.
You want to buy a couple of barrels?
Well, take it over to Maria and smear it on it.
And people won't be able to see all those nasty heavy black bags under her eyes.
Canadian Allunia is down to 8142.
Good.
It was back up to 84 and something and now it's down to 8142.
Good.
Go down about 30 cent would be good.
Then I could take that pay card just fine.
Say a prayer.
Everybody say a bracha that the loony comes down to like 70 cent.
Wouldn't that be good?
Good for me.
R or let.
I wonder if he's kind of Luke will that drives it to wood buying.
Says the guy from candle just emailed and said, I've been there a couple of times once
is enough.
Further cemented is brilliance by bitching about their limited menu.
It's five guys burgers and fries.
That should pretty much tell you what to expect.
Don't go in there planning to order a case of the ice cream scampy or ham and cheese sub moron.
Actually they also have a great hot dog as well, one of the best in town.
But that's it.
Kindle boy deal with it.
And you mentioned that you hadn't heard about this place till a day or two ago.
I sent you an email before the holidays in conjunction with another food related to
poor poll.
I'm sure raving about this place and explaining pretty much how they poor the basket and
fries in the brown bag which holds the Styrofoam cup.
You understand that?
Nope.
So you're actually have more fries than the bag than in the cup.
I don't think there's a human alive who can finish order fries by itself.
Anyway, hope you enjoyed.
Can eventually check them out one day.
O George is going to do it this weekend.
It's his assignment.
The burger is definitely kick-ass.
They're most definitely not cooked well done and dried out.
Definitely not.
As rainman would say, definitely not.
Cliff and Kendall says I watched intervention on A&E last night.
It was a double homo follow-up special.
But I'll get Edward all upset with all that homo talk.
GAY Although he does tolerate us.
I'm pleased to hear that.
I'll tolerate you too Edward.
Not.
The girl from Nebraska was openly gay exolumpic shot putter who injected crystal meth.
She weighed about 240 pounds, could a few old a Mac truck.
The guy weighed about 545 pounds was addicted to food.
Even his forehead was fat.
He ended up in a sober living facility when he finally came out to his family.
As gay.
The one thing they had in common was overbearing Bible thumping fathers.
The girl's mother thought she was possessed by demons.
Believe me, Neil, being gay was at least to their problems.
Well not if you ask Edward Horton, whatever's name is.
Edward Robinson.
Ember Eddie Robinson played first base.
No.
The Yankees and the White socks.
Fat Eddie Robinson.
Wouldn't he?
The guy where Eddie Robinson.
Yeah.
That's who you're thinking of.
Jewelry.
I know.
I wonder if Eddie Robinson who played for the Yankees was Jewish.
I'm sure he was not.
They get my hard time during the commibating years.
Edward G Robinson.
That's because he was Jewish.
Right.
I don't I mean I liked him.
This fine, but he always played the same gangster character.
You know, he was always the same.
Am I right?
Yes.
Just like Bella LaGosie.
Oh, well, not really.
He played the monster in a lot of movies.
And then he also played a gangster in several movies.
Bella, remember?
Eddie come see me Eddie.
What a great job.
Martin Balsam.
Mm-hmm.
Isn't that who it was that played them?
That's exactly right.
And Johnny Depp.
634 votes on our pool.
I hate that pool.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, phones ringing.
It's going to be a telemarketer.
Phil.
Phil who?
Phil McCracken.
Okay, let's do the break, okay?
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You know his new Roger.
The sport rate of 560 QAM.
I think.
Four.
Warren Samp.
Brings it every Friday from five to five 30s.
With a mad dog Jim engines.
A part of football Friday.
Here on sports radio.
I'm 60.
131, a QAM.
And we made a mistake.
And you I made a bad mistake.
And then you agree with it.
What's that?
I said Martin Balsam played the Bella LaGosie.
It was Martin Landau.
It was Martin Landau.
That's right.
How do you like that?
I'm going to cry and cry.
I know.
Martin Landau.
Martin Balsam, you know who he was.
He played the detective in Opsico.
Right.
Remember he came to the top of the stairs and oops.
Right?
Yep.
Here's one that says the show is great but the breaks are killing me.
Now they keep talking I'm sure about the streaming.
That must be it.
Our enforces radio's got better spots.
My favorite is Angie Harmon teaching kids how to spell executable in the same breath that
we're told she played a lawyer on TV.
Are the kids being shown an execution as well?
Yamans is Blake.
Whatever that all means.
Do you understand it?
Not a word of it.
No.
No, because they keep talking about the streaming.
We have nothing to do with the spots on the streaming.
We don't hear them.
We don't know nothing about them.
And quite frankly, we don't want to hear about it.
If you like the show, the show is great.
Listen to the show and put your ear plugs in during the breaks on the streaming.
And quite frankly, what are those spots?
Where do they come from?
I don't know.
Oh.
I mean, what generates them?
I'm sure it's sold stuff.
Well, in that case, you're sitting here letting this guy rip an ass on our great spots.
No, I'm not.
We don't know.
And we, they don't talk to us about it.
They don't tell us anything.
They do whatever the hell they want, you know?
Rich and Orlando is back again.
Boy, he's been a busy beaver today.
He says, sorry to disagree with the earlier email, but backyard is not quick service, which is an industry term for fast food.
They're a fast, casual concept like five guys.
The difference between the two is that backyard is chart real like BK.
And five guys is fried like Mickey D's.
Back yard is a small Tennessee based chain going nowhere fast.
Five guys is rapidly expanding.
The quality is similar depending on how you like your burgers cooked.
In and out burgers is a great quick service chain.
It's like a fast food version of five guys.
They are privately held, which is why you'll never see them out east.
I've only been to the one you referenced just west of the strip in Vegas.
They were really good for fast food.
We got to organize a Vegas trip.
By the way, you know, when you get Scotty Mac on there with some silly string.
By the way, the difference between quick service and fast casual is that fast casual is cooked to order without a drive-through.
The fast casual places that have drive-throughs move slower than my grandmother's bowels.
Back yard is such a place.
If you're a betting man, put your money on five guys.
The drive-throughs move slower than my grandma's bowels.
Oh, God, I love that.
My mom would have appreciated that so much, but she's still dead.
Damn it.
Neil, in my opinion, and listen, starting tomorrow, we're getting off this burger stuff.
Let's get on the weeny roast.
On the weeny wagon.
I never would have dreamed that we'd just spent two days,
how can I try to come up, hamburgers.
And I'm not the one that started it at all.
I know.
Neil, in my opinion, your local bar like Donovan's in North Miami's got the best burgers.
Just right after a couple of mysterbrows.
Oh, I do love mysterbrow.
At least I did back in my Michigan state days.
Still miss Rudy's not only delicious, but I can look at the meat too.
You know what I mean.
You can look at it.
Love you, Kevin in North Miami.
Glad to see Arnold's is back.
I'll go to my for the grand opening.
Thanks for the info.
You're welcome. No extra charge, Kevin.
We are meat intensive today, baby.
Meat intensive and toilet paper intensive,
which they go hand in hand.
Ryan Beast says most of the spots on the stream are PSAs.
Really?
Well, good then. Let's rip them in ass.
Why is the beast listening?
Okay. That's Tubergurbage.
I think he's one of the few that does.
And he's one of the people who's on the on these fake emails.
You can be sure that you can be positive of that.
Although I don't know.
I don't know what he knows from like the IOD days.
I don't know.
I wouldn't think too much, huh?
I have a feeling just like right now,
if he wanted to get a message to us,
he would text me or email me or something or walk in the room here.
What do you mean by that?
Wouldn't have to resort to a fake email.
Go to all that trouble.
You know, if that people are lazy,
it takes a lot of trouble to create a fake email address.
Yeah, but once in a while,
I get like a MySpace email from him,
which I don't get him from anybody else either.
I mean, none.
Zero.
Maybe maybe like two in the last six months.
That thing is better than a door nail.
Jason from Plantation is back again.
Chronic.
No problem, Jason.
Keep him coming.
Must try Bo campers.
Peter's road in Pine Island.
Juicy burger with fried egg on it.
Oh, fried egg.
Hold the egg.
Let's give a plug to Bo camper there, huh?
All right.
And then we hates me like poison in him and that OJ McDuffie.
Pull that stunt that time.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I claimed that I called OJ McDuffie.
Oh, that, yeah.
Remember that?
Got all about it.
And then Joe Belgay, my cell phone number,
and he called me the next day.
Baaah, baaah.
You know, apologizing and sucking up.
It didn't hold any water with me.
I'll tell you that.
But maybe he's got a good joint with some good food there.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Tony says, oh, no.
You're not going to be too happy about this.
Oh, well.
I can't bear the thought of you ever going
and George filling in for you.
He is so bad and you can tell he knows it too
since he's so defensive like a little biatch.
I can't believe you think he's better than the tapes
are hearing paint right.
Anything but please kneel.
God says, Tony.
Anything is better than tapes.
Okay.
Even George farting for four hours would be a big improvement
over the tapes.
I think Tony is really Joe Belgay.
Martin Landau says, Kathy played LaGosene Edward.
You're right, Mark.
We apologize.
Profusely.
My mistake in George went right along with it.
Martin Paulson, my ass.
How do you do that?
Martin Paulson was a great character.
He was like on a lot of episodes of Alfred Hitchcock
and Outer Limits in those kind of shows.
And like I said, he was the detective in psycho.
And remember he got to the top of the stairs?
Yep.
And Tony Perkins came and dashing out all dressed up like mama
with that weedling that knife.
And then we didn't see him no more.
Guess what just popped up on here again.
Uniblu speed up my PC.
It just popped on by itself.
I just got rid of it.
But why was that happened?
I don't know.
Jupiter Doug says Martin Landau was an Edward Martin.
Paulson was in psycho.
That's what we just said, right?
Bush's last press conference was a mirror image of his presidency.
Lies, excuses, and a bunch of Tom Fulbury.
Thanks for having the best show on radio.
You're welcome, Doug, in Jupiter.
God, what a place.
Forget the burger.
Just how about the in-out?
There you go.
Good point, Jason.
Forget the burger.
How about just the old in-out?
Barry Jackets says every once in a while
amid all the steak, fwagra,
truffle risotto and stone crab.
A girl gets a craving for a big fat juicy hamburger.
It's the kind of thing I often indulged in when I lived in the LA two decades ago.
I weaned myself once back in Miami.
What would the bikini wearing in all?
Besides, there simply wasn't a constantly good burger place where you could get out fast and cheap.
Fast forward to Midtown, Miami's welcome.
Five guys, famous burgers and fries.
The closest thing to LA's famous in-out burger I found here says the fake Barry Jackets.
It even looks like my old Haunt right down to the 50s diner-day court with red and white menu boards,
great tiles and red hanging lamps.
The Arlington, Virginia, Chains got 360 restaurants including locations in Candle,
four-loader-dail, Margate and Tamarack,
with plans to open next year and have mature choral gables in South Beach.
The beauty of five guys is its simplicity, she says.
Choices are limited to burgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese or veggie special.
Basically, all the toppings with melted cheese on a bun plus amazing French fries.
Whether you want it to go or to stay, your order arrives in a brown paper bag labeled with the number that corresponds with your receipt.
Nice touch. Oh yeah, touch this.
A regular burger comes with two slabs of fresh hand-formed meat that are nicely irregular and super juicy.
Five guys claims to cook them all well down, but it's really more medium-well with perfect crunchy caramelized meaty bits.
The little burger for a bucklash has a single patty just right for kids.
Oh, and this goes on and on. It's got pictures of them too. Wow.
Look at that. That looks pretty damn good.
The one that's showing here is big enough for like an elephant.
And you like that drinks include a retro Mr. Pibb.
A nice, big chocolate shake would complete the experience, but headquarters says they're not rushing into anything.
No shakes.
We found there are other places that make really great shakes.
We don't want to do it unless we're the best. They say they'd be saying.
And I'm thinking about you know, I had that we need for lunch to try to wean me over.
Yeah, to what we need you over and not have any like candy bars on the way to woodbind and stuff,
which I got my shoes and my pants and my shirt on them all said to go, but I don't know.
Maybe if I could find a place where I could get some quick slim gyms.
You like slim gyms? I do. Bad for you, but I like them.
No, who cares if they're bad for me? I'll quote pretty soon anyway.
Slim gyms. No candy bars. Just slim gyms.
Like about four or five of those are canisters of me.
That would be the biggest name.
The best house.
You know, there's no Roger. Me on God.
Hey, King Madonna.
Look at you on stage.
I know why you never can act your age.
You're over 15.
Will you just never quit?
Everybody thinks you look freakishly fit.
In the eighties you were like a virgin.
In the nineties we would watch you vote.
Now you have a very screened religion.
Like you with all.
I'm aging Madonna.
Yes, you have had hands.
But you still have beautiful memory playing.
147 at five sixty W.
Two.
This thing is flown by today on burger talk, burger talk.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, this is what they want to talk about and whatever to fight it.
I'm not as a matter of fact, I got one here again from Jim and Boyton,
which I was giving him the business for repeating stuff that we were talking about before.
I'll find it.
Give me give me the business.
That's okay, Jim.
I can handle it.
Got a lot worse.
Derision than yours.
Yeah, earlier today, I emailed you about flood workers in their burgers.
You said I must be in a vacuum as well of all of us in Boyton.
As burgers were the topic yesterday show.
I didn't say anything about all of us in Boyton.
I said about you this afternoon.
Nothing but burger talk again.
Is this a rebroadcast of yesterday show?
Or my really in a vacuum, says Jim and Boyton, PSD in and out burger and Vegas is great.
See, that's all anybody wants to talk about.
Don't look at me.
Yeah, even today.
Give me the business about 10 T-bo.
Last week.
I sure is.
I'll never brought up that goofball's name.
Ugly born again, Christian fanatic.
Phony.
Phony below me with a girlfriend with a gigantic balloons.
And he's a Christian fanatic.
Yeah, Christian, my ass.
How do you do that?
Branden says if you want to talk about something else, talk about two jays in the fountains.
Didn't you like that place?
I like it a lot.
In fact, I think.
Oh, here it is.
I still got their menu at the bottom of my pile.
Two jays.
He says that's where I saw two employees kick each other's ass in the parking lot in front of all the customers coming in and out.
Two jays.
They've got great sandwiches, dinner on trays, baked goods, all kinds of good stuff.
And they're all over the place too.
One of the fountains in plantation is the one that I enjoy that one time.
I especially enjoyed it because I actually went there twice.
First time I think they got picked up the check, big phantom on.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Like that.
And I said, sure, go ahead.
All right.
Well, I'm not going to be bashful, especially if I would have known that I'm going to be making a paltry amount like I'm making now.
My God.
Put that paycheck in the bank yesterday.
Enough to make you weep.
Wait, take your this.
The last emailer was right there, George Sucks.
I would much rather hear the tapes because of work.
I can only hear about half of your shows.
I'd rather hear George farting for four hours than him talking.
Love your show.
Thanks, Irvay Filion.
You know who Irvay Filion is?
Some drivers.
That's it.
If you hear the name Filion run like a son of a bitch.
There's a whole bunch of Eves Filion and Sylvain Filion, who's not winning a much racist at Woodbuy.
If you hear the name Filion run for the exit.
Okay.
Almost as bad as hearing the name Kelly Schlepper.
Here's one that says have been enjoying the venomous viewing from Joyce Kaufman's big mouth and her boring afternoon show.
She claims that Palestinian people are some kind of tribe that nobody wants.
As my wife asked, aren't the Jews a tribe?
But you can almost see the froth coming out of Miss Kaufman's mouth since the most recent part of the Forever War goes on.
I heard they wouldn't let her into the local JCC this week for a support Israel demonstration, but I didn't hear why.
I say let them go at it and thin the herd over there.
You think she'd be wild and better what?
As you can guess, I've never seen a picture of her.
Well, if you did, that would you would divest yourself of those images immediately if not sooner.
Trust me.
Joyce Kaufman.
Where is she from?
Hunger?
I don't know.
Hady or somewhere?
I'll Republican Domenicana, somewhere in a Caribbean.
I don't know.
She's like Puerto Rican or something.
I don't know what she is.
Or here's GM 33-021 back again.
Florida Lee, Amanda Lebay, has a $5,000 hamburger.
A consist of fwagra and black truffle stuff, Kobe beef burger, served on a Brioche truffle brun and the chef's special sauce, accompanying the burger as a bottle of Chateau Patruce 1995.
The council look in the hard rock is outstanding.
The steak is delicious and the brunch is phenomenal.
Can you guys have a meal that's somewhere I want to go eat?
I think he's lost it.
I think we put him over the edge.
And as far as the fine winds are concerned, you know what cracks me up on planes?
Besides, oh, and I never went into a rant about the people with their three little kids on the plane when I was coming back up here.
Oh, boy.
First class, you pay an arm in five legs for first class and then they let people with little kids on there.
It should be against the law.
This is the first class that you pay for.
This woman had her three little kids running around and she was up and down more than they were so I can see where they got it from.
I wanted to yell out, hey, sit down, bitch and take your nasty, bratty, loud little kids and sit them down with you.
But what cracks me up is the people who are sitting there and of course in first class or business class, you can get all the wine you want.
Oh, you want the ready Chateau La Puf 1845.
All these people are wine experts alleged.
Based on what?
I don't know, maybe they took a court.
I'll have these Shardini, Dapupu 1872.
I mean, give me a break.
Oh, Jason from Plantations says I was one of those kids who'd wake you up while riding my dirt bike past your house early Sunday mornings back in the early 90s.
Well, you won't do it here, baby.
Here's one that says Tony, this is Poober.
Tony has to get a life Georgia's fine as good as the next guy and better than others.
Sorry about emailing in my field compel.
When I hear these a holes later, be happy.
PS is always F South Florida says Poober.
663 votes on the pool.
I'm actually fat, so it would be very proud of us today.
Tuppy, which by the way, we miss him badly.
Yep.
It's just another ingredients.
It's just another part of the Destroy the Mirage Show and Destroy the Greater Station in general that Joe Bell is doing a phenomenal nice job, Jolly Joe.
I don't know anybody in the world who could have done a more effective job in two and a half, three years.
Nice going.
What's the biggest name?
The best town.
You don't have no projects.
Anybody here?
Seen Jack Ed from home.
If his orange jumpsuit and put down wrong.
He's screwed a lot of people for cleave.
Sometimes get caught.
My daughter's variety is new.
Come.
Anybody here?
Seen good restaurant options.
They'll be more around their town.
He's not just thick together, but true to people he's done.
Taking a shower with his son.
You're fair.
Avers and sizes.
What the White House is capable of.
Orless Christians who know what's best.
Or you and me.
Aver of all that.
He was in some need.
In other words, do we have anybody here?
Please say to town for lady.
Or does help them talk to boys?
These kind of slides they long if can't pay why.
They've remarked out to him and gone.
Bye!
