The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the ho-
I've had to George like this spot's last night again.
What?
It's staffed, advertiser.
George didn't watch this, too.
No, you can't.
I always wanted to do it.
This is the one I am.
I hate the freaking theaters.
Man, I hate them.
Hate them.
Yeah.
This is Fiesum.
So do you like them?
Yeah, they're great.
560 WQAM, Fruis X, the Neil Roger Show,
to talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in page.
Oh, the dial is taking a tumble.
Let me turn it down to channel where I might be able to read the number.
Because he and Ben's got it down to like 5N.
Micro, you know what I mean?
660 on your 810 points.
One of them down is...
Yes, and he is down to Neil's 10 points.
His guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WGKN.
Sorry, Maria.
It looks like a selling opportunity to me, Vigil.
On 560 WQAM.
Yeah, he's got a boyfriend.
He doesn't know you, but he's got a boyfriend.
Yeah, he's got a boyfriend.
Some guy wants you bag, you know me.
Leo, he wants you.
Oh, yeah.
You waited all year and swapped up on me.
We gave a starting suit with all the couch there lovin'
With a bucket of food if you lose it still oo.
And together's our bad at least there's good ads.
Oh, super foe.
You didn't talk to all the hot gun show.
Baby, please, bring us some more night show.
I keep on hanging off of you mind and show.
I, I, I, I, Super phone.
Super phone.
Ooh, Super phone.
Super phone.
Prince coming over.
Strong on the side of the phone.
Ooh, I, Super phone.
Prince coming over.
Okay, 10-1-560 WQAM.
George didn't watch any of these.
He's a stupid bull.
So he's not going to be much used today.
But then again, yeah, got the big ol' at two.
Mad Dog at four.
Dolphin and I at seven.
And then we got the, the D.A. show, eight to 11.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Nobody's at anywhere because it's all over.
Except for the pro bowl and then the Waller football comes
crumbling down.
It's all over from months and months and months.
What are we going to do then?
What are we going to do now?
Huh?
Say the same thing.
What are we going to do now, George?
We'll go over and over again.
No more football.
We'll talk about the Keynes.
Crapie coaching by Arizona, by the way.
They're at the end of the first half.
They're losing 10-7.
There's 18 seconds left.
They got no time outs left.
So kick the field goal and go in the locker room.
You got badly outplayed in the first half.
You could wind up 10-10-10 time and half time.
A real psychological lift.
No, instead, here's that little pass at the goal line.
Intercepted, run back for 100 years.
And now instead of 10-10, it's 17-7 of 10-point swing.
10-point swing.
And they still came back and took the lead,
Layton and Bluett.
Bad coaching and very just total lack of discipline.
A lot of stupid personal foul penalties.
But it was okay.
It was a great game.
Probably the best Super Bowl game I've seen in a long time.
Except the ones where the Patriots win.
Oh, geez.
We hate your Patriots.
Neowind, you're going to stop with that crap already.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Rich and I've got some really good, well, not a whole bunch of them.
But a couple of pretty entertaining emails.
But first, Rich and Orlando advises.
This weekend, the Orlando Sentinel announced the winners of the annual FOODY awards.
Not FOODY, but FOODY.
F-O-D-I-E FOODY.
Okay.
And the winner for the best burger from both the readers and the critics was...
That play...
Five guys, burgers and fries.
Hmm.
The readers' choices have to be taken with a grain of salt as they frequently vote for chains like the Olive Garden,
Red Lobster and Pizza Hut.
Winning the award from the critic is much more difficult as the critic has a supposedly educated pallet.
And most of the readers' taste buds died in the third grade.
I thought the winning burger from the readers would come from a bowling alley
since the only people who read the Sentinel are boars who like to see their league averages published in the paper says Rich
and Orlando.
But the winners from both the readers and the critics,
Five Guys, Burgers and Fries.
And I guarantee you that George did his homework this weekend and went out there and tried it out.
No, I did not.
Not.
Sorry.
Why not?
I was playing with children all weekend.
Really?
Yes.
I see.
So there.
So you still couldn't watch the game last night, not even a minute of it?
Did you have sex with a woman last night?
No.
Even for a minute.
I knew.
What if she was, yeah.
What if she was really hot?
You did?
No.
I'm lying.
So full of crap.
I know.
You know, that's something that's always puzzled me.
Well, I mean, not a whole lot.
I don't spend hours thinking about it.
But I mean, we know that there are couples, married couples and dating couples who have gotten to a point in their relationship where they really despise each other.
They can't stand even the smell of the other person.
And yet, somehow, when they get horny enough, they manage to do the deed.
I just, I don't get that.
I mean, alcohol.
You're not considering that.
Oh, is that what it is?
Oh, yeah.
I see.
Well, here's somebody.
John, something or other, without a name.
Another horse with no name.
Subject.
Why Jocks are great broadcasters?
Well, before I read his idiotic email, let me just say this.
Tom Jicke got suckered in.
And then he suckered me in with his column about Dave Halberstam's book about the five greatest network announcers of all time sports announcers.
And Tommy said, well, gee, where does, how come there's no Bob Prince and there's no Harry Carey?
And then I read the article by Jicke and I got suckered right in.
Well, the name of the book, the topic is the 50 greatest network announcers, not the 50 greatest sports announcers.
And of course, Harry Carey wasn't a network announcer.
And neither was Bob Prince and like a lot of other great local announcers.
They weren't network announcers, so they're not on the list.
But Jicke got totally suckered in on that and, you know, nevertheless.
So you're not as smart as you think you're a Tommy, but then again, who is?
So John, or with no name says the reason there are so many Jocks and Broadcasting is because they are good.
Oh, oh my God.
This is just one of the all time greatest.
5, 6, 7, oh, 8, 5, 6, 6.
So you see some arm drop problems.
I got your crowbondocks right here, home boy.
Yeah, there's just one example of, the Zillions I could give you of illiterate inarticulate X Jocks.
Dum, dum, dum.
Dummies.
The reason that they're in broadcasting is because they're good.
They might not have any formal training in broadcasting, but they had another dimension.
Yeah, illiteracy and stupidity is what they had.
John, since their ex-players, they can give us great insight and anecdotes.
They take this inside the mind of the players as only an ex-player can.
I don't want us to be inside the mind of the player.
I want to enjoy the game.
Maybe now you understand why listeners love Jocks and the booth.
I don't think anybody ever said listeners love Jocks and the booth.
It's just that the Jocks love being in the booth and it's something for them to do when they can't play no more.
When they can't coach your playing anymore, all of a sudden their broadcaster is somebody who waves that magic wand and poof.
They're broadcasters.
Where's that magic wand? There it is.
How come I don't have that?
I don't know. I'll give it to you if you want.
No.
Oh, we got some new production here today. Let's hear it.
We got a new rejoined old panic now.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On Saturday.
Later.
560 QA.
I mean, the production on this station thanks to clearance being a lazy dork is older than Mathusla.
Now, let's see.
Oh, here I put the data on this one.
You're listening to South Road is for today.
560 QA.
I am.
My am a for the Lord.
Lord, Lord, now.
There's that guy with a melodramatic voice.
He's trying so hard to be John Fesenda, but he doesn't.
Doesn't hold up.
That's why I listen to his love, Jackson, but you're an idiot.
Okay.
And obviously you grew up in an era where only dumb jokes were broadcasters.
And they're, you know, you didn't grow up in the era where we had really great broadcasters doing sporting events.
Just a few.
Al Michaels, by the way, did the Super Bowl last night?
Is Al Michaels an X-Jock?
No.
Did he play the game?
No.
No.
John Madden, of course, was a hell of a coach, but I don't know.
I'm getting a little tired of him.
I always like Madden a lot.
I'm getting a little bit late.
He's got to analyze every play when the play is over.
And even if there's something else going on, he distracts us by going back and rehashing the last play.
And why this guy did this?
And he grabbed him around the nuts and he did, be out of the audience.
And that's it.
Airby play.
Oh, God.
Here is the greatest email, perhaps, of all time.
The Geldy Woman.
Yeah, okay.
Leo Austin, this is his third email.
And it's short, but it's so sweet, defending Geldy.
If I have to write in every day to convince you how great Geldy is, I will.
You could write in 10 times a day, Leo, and you're not going to convince me of anything because you're full of it.
Geldy does belong on the earth.
So what if you don't like his voice?
Did you know who else has a bad radio voice?
Howard Stern, look how successful he is.
I got news for a Stern has a great voice, whether you like his sticker nod is not relevant.
Stern, one of the best things he got going for is that voice.
In fact, remember when I told him what's his name?
What's his name?
Ron Diaz.
Oh, yeah, he thought that was it.
And he sounded like Howard and he got all upset about that.
And that's the only thing he had going at all.
Is it vocally he sounded very much like Stern.
Do you know who else has a bad radio?
Obviously, Leo, your taste is in your tosses.
Now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
A friend introduced me to Goldie a long time ago when I needed to listen to a Panther's
game on the radio.
He brought the game to life and did a great job.
It was amazing and I became a Goldie fan ever since.
Now, here comes the greatest line in the history of all the emails.
And I also noticed WQM.com as a picture of Goldie on there.
Could your hate for Goldie stem from the fact that he is handsome and you know you can't have him?
Oh.
Leo, you've done it.
You struck them other, Leo.
You hit the jackpot, crackpot.
He's handsome and I can't have him.
First of all, handsome with that beak.
Stick to the ladies, Leo.
Although I doubt that you are with the ladies because obviously you're so enchanted with Goldie.
There's something there that meets the eye.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That wants to meet the eye.
Yeah.
That wants to meet the meat.
Wow.
Well, good luck to you, Leo.
Keep standing, keep right in the way.
Okay, someday you'll convince me not that this sound makes a broadcaster.
In addition to what you're knowledge about hockey broadcasters is slim and grim and none.
But at any rate.
Goldie, oh, he brought the game alive to me.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Oh, no.
Here's one knock and Kurt Warner.
Kurt Warner played a hell of a game last night.
No, I don't like his born again, crap.
But nevertheless, he played one hell of a game.
I thought.
Here's one from me.
It's always me.
I say, good morning.
Hey, remember this spice staff a restaurant in Griffin Road, the best corn, fritters and salad bar.
That's all I got.
Have a nice day.
We're not going to start with the restaurants again.
Okay.
Enough with that crap.
Call Fuddy on his show.
He don't have one, but call him up.
God.
Can you believe that?
The spice staff.
It used to be Alan Berksa, a sponsor.
Then when he got canned, they were my sponsor.
They had my name on one of the booths.
And the interesting part of it is I never ate there.
I don't think.
I think they brought in food one time at the station.
Maybe I would be okay.
But I never ate in there.
But they had my name.
And now they're out of business.
Long since gone, right?
Is the spice staffal?
Yes.
How do you know?
Well, I think the field is at that location now.
The field?
I'm not sure, but I think.
Petty fields are totty fields.
The field.
One of our final.
717 votes on the pool.
Now, this is a foodie pool speaking of food.
What's your favorite soup?
This is exactly the kind of crap that Fuddy would put on her.
But this is Charlie B.
This is what he's reduced to now.
And since I was much too busy with the Super Bowl over the weekend.
And losing my ass it would buy.
I just picked one out of the pile there.
And there you go.
What's your favorite soup?
And it's got 700 plus votes.
Claim or seafood chowda, 156.
Now, if we wanted to be technically accurate, we could have put like New England clam chowda.
And then Manhattan clam chowda was nothing more than vegetables.
But we know that it's, they're talking about the New England.
We do?
The creamy stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe you know it.
I don't think they know it.
Some of them might know it.
Some of the thing Manhattan clam chowda.
My phone.
Because there's like two pieces of clam in it.
That's where the clam chowda.
It's not chowda.
Oh, it fits from New York.
It's better.
Keep that in mind.
Okay.
That's right.
You better, you better get your priorities straightened out.
Favorite soup, clam or seafood chowda, 156.
French onion, 136.
That's mine.
Oh, do I love French onion?
Although mushroom barley or beef barley is a close second to me.
And that isn't doing all that well.
Chicken noodle, 56.
Leave it to Charlie B.
Chicks noodle he puts on there because he's lazy.
Chicks noodle, my ass.
WTF, 51.
Peas soup, 46.
Oh, no.
Gumbo 41.
Mozzarella, spelled very badly, 40.
Tomato 29, cream of broccoli, 25.
Cream of mushroom, 22.
Beef barley, only 22.
I hate soup, 20.
Well, screw you.
Corn chowda, 19.
Black bean, 17.
Lobster, Bisk, 14.
Shrimp, Bisk, 13.
And butternut squash, Bisk, 10.
Oh, my God.
Butternut, it's a good one.
It's not there.
It's not there.
Diddy Tucket or Diddy Cocket?
Diddy Tucket or Diddy Cocket?
Diddy Tucket or Diddy Cocket?
Diddy Tucket or Diddy Cocket?
The hot-a-show on Earth is back.
As contestants from around the USA battle to become the next.
American Spillie Idol.
I'm all out of home.
One more bad head, three.
King could bring a call.
Somebody please kill me.
That was truly horrible.
I'm so happy to try to get it.
It's a happy moment.
Why would you?
Oh, I just love it.
Your name is B-I-L-L-I-E.
That's such a great touch.
But your lip is a little off.
And I will have more spikes on your jacket, you know?
Here she comes now saying mo ne mo ne.
Hello everyone, this is the real Billy Idol.
I'm not American.
Shoot him down, turn around and come on mo ne.
But someone will be crowned the next American Billy Idol.
So I guess you missed the boss and all the trappings at halftime in the pregame
and the 85-hour festivities.
I didn't miss a thing.
No, you did not, because I saw about a minute of the boss.
Now maybe like 20 seconds more like it.
He couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack.
If somebody shoved an uzi up his ass, he is strictly state of mind.
He is to music what the rascal house was to food.
The boss.
He's just a screamer.
He shouts and screams makes a lot of noise.
Yeah, that's the boss.
And yet we were supposed to tune in to watch the halftime thing because he was singing.
Yeah.
Although thank God we didn't have Justin Tinkerbell and Janet back again
so that the FCC would clamp down on everybody again.
Oh please, please, cracker, please.
Can he belt one out or not?
No.
Oh.
Guess who died?
You can kill that anytime you want.
Guess who died?
I don't know.
Ingham Argio Hanson.
Oh really?
Do you know who that is?
No.
Was?
Director or something?
No.
Okay.
The no.
No.
Ingham Argio Hanson 76 dies.
Swedish boxers done the world by knocking out Floyd Patterson.
Oh, no.
Never heard of it.
Less kinder.
I can remember that one of those fights.
There was one fight where they knocked each other down in the same round.
But at any rate, you're not into that because it's too sporty and I'm not into it either.
I hate it.
Should have been banned long-term.
It's for our birds.
Boxing, whatever.
What?
Ancient boxing.
No.
Ancient boxing?
I don't follow ancient boxing from the olden days.
What does that mean?
You follow boxing from the current days?
No, no.
That's the part of the joke there.
I see.
Somebody who explained it to me later on.
Ingham Argio Hanson stands over the fallen Floyd Patterson in their 1959 heavyweight title fight
at Yankee Stadium in New York.
And it's got a picture here which I can't show you on the radio.
Johansson from Sweden became only the fifth heavyweight champion born outside of the USA.
Johansson died at a nursing home in Kong's Becca on Sweden's West Coast said stick Caldeborn,
Stig, STIG, Stigget.
A close friend who sparred with Johansson when they were in their teen.
He sparred with him.
Caldeborn said he didn't know the cause of death but the associated presser that Johansson had recently returned to the nursing home after being hospitalized with
a lot of people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
They're people who say that.
Johansson was diagnosed with Alzheimer's and dementia more than 10 years ago.
Couldn't have been that boxing.
Could it all those hits to the head?
When he lived in Stockholm, he spent the rest of his life in Koon's Baka only a few miles from the house where he grew up.
Dementia.
I couldn't even imagine those cauliflower ears, you know, like Rocky Marciano and Rocky Graziano.
And of course, look at Mohammed Ali.
He's looking pretty good.
On June 26, 1959, Johansson knocked out Patterson on the third round,
he stinted into Winnehavenway title.
He floored the American seven times in the third round before referee Ruby Goldstein stopped to fight 203 into it.
Back home, hundreds of thousands of Swedes listened to the live radio broadcast at 3 a.m.
As Johansson became only the fifth heavyweight champion born outside the U.S., his feet earned him the AP male athlete of the year 1959, the second Swede to win the award.
Who would be the first one, Bjorn Borg?
Okay, sure.
The Swedish chef.
You better learn your Swedes, Mr. Kuzushyur, don't.
Nope.
Patterson avenged the F set loss a year later in the rematch in New York, knocking Johansson out in the fifth round.
And March 61, the Swede floored Patterson twice in Miami before being knocked out in the sixth round in the rubber match.
Johansson had four more fights, all wins.
One of them a knockout of England's Dick Richardson for the European title in 62 before retiring the following year.
Johansson was married in divorce twice, survived by five children.
Ingmar Johansson, Ingmar goes down is dead.
He won't be going down no more, always going down.
Somebody pressed the elevator button because I think Ingmar wants to go down.
That thing about the elevator is, boy, that's just spooked me.
Yeah, spooked me?
No, no.
No, but I still do occasionally when I get off the elevator.
I take my first, I don't look first.
You know, that looked before you leap cramp and I don't do that.
I just take a step confident that I'm going to be on my floor or some floor.
Right.
Is that a bad thing to do?
No.
Kevin says I found a five guys play.
I don't want to get started with that five guys crap again.
Okay, enough with that.
Yeah, I'll take your word for it that it's great because George is never going to go there.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to go 15 street fisheries or I'm going to go to tropical acres or I'm going to go to high life.
Those are sit down places.
Those are burger joints.
Whatever.
Oh, stop.
And today's economy.
And today's economy would seem to me to be going to a burger joint.
I go where I don't have to pay.
Oh, oh, free loader, huh?
That's right.
Now they're freaking free low.
Where do I pay?
Well, that's going to come up at that big meeting with jolly joebell.
I'll tell you that.
I'm going to ask him where the hell your car is to.
Where's George's car?
You fat ass.
I'll bring the life.
You tub.
Oh, my God.
I've resigned.
What?
K Paso.
Oh, it's from my financial guy.
Okay.
He's resigned from something or other and he's going to be sending me other forms to fill out.
By the time I get done, who the hell knows where my money is going to be.
I know, but he's been good.
He's been very good.
Anyway, Kevin says found a five guys place in four-later day off.
South East, 17th Street, Causeway and Cordova in in a plaza.
What the hell is Cordova?
The bird of it.
I didn't either.
I must say the burger was great.
How come no one's mentioning how the cardinals were robbed one more play at the end of the game
by not reviewing what was clearly a forward pass, not a fumble by Warner?
Because there was five seconds left in the game was over.
They blew it.
They blew it.
They freaking blew it.
They had it right there in their hands and they blew it.
They let it slip away.
Not to mention all those stupid obnoxious penalties.
What kind of a you talk about smash mouth football?
What kind of a game was that anyway?
It was a great game, but every time I play with it and somebody would smash somebody else in the mouth.
Harrison from the Steelers should have been ejected for his actions early in the game as well.
The officiating was horrible, but otherwise it was one of the best super balls indeed.
Both teams played their hearts out in the fourth quarter.
Love you guys, Kevin.
But you know what?
Three quarters pretty, pretty boring.
Not too much going on.
And then all of a sudden in the fourth quarter, a football game broke out.
George would have enjoyed it.
What?
Not.
You're just a hard ass.
That's all.
I have no interest in watching other people play games.
Why?
For the sake of that.
Why not?
You don't like vagina?
Oh my god.
What if it was a really hot girl?
You know, it's like that.
What if it was a really hot guy?
It's the same thing.
No interest.
Thank you.
Not for me.
More for you.
Oh, this poor bird guy.
He's starting to really just bug me.
Let's see.
Races.
Tune in late this morning.
Just looked at today's pool.
Did anyone happen to mention?
I'm surprised.
If George didn't say the absolute best soup on the face of his potato soup from the field.
Nothing else.
We got that on there.
Oh my god.
That's what it says.
Please add it to the full end.
Shame on you, George.
I'm a real Roger's God.
I'm Chris Magist, play hotball on MSNBC.
I feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl who's wearing a skirt and those scrappy thigh-highs
and the winches blew off from my coachy.
Even though the economy is decimal and I run seems to be crumbling.
I feel exuberant and excited like a 13-year-old girl going to see twilight.
Welcome to 3CEOs of the automobile industry to huntball.
Got an hour Malawi of four.
Robert Nudellia Chrysler and Richard Wagon of a G.M.
Wagon of the program, gentlemen.
Let's start with you, Richard.
Didn't know if you realized that you actually named after him.
You're a station wagon.
That's nice name's Wagon.
Yeah, it's like a station wagon.
That's funny.
No.
No.
I think it's funny, maybe not if it's sent to him.
Anyway, let's go to you, Alan.
Don't you think it's funny to Richard Wagon.
His last name is actually from a station wagon.
I think I know comedy anyway.
What are you doing with an elephant with three balls?
You're welcome and pinched and giraffe.
Anyway, let's go to you, Robert Nudellia Chrysler.
Robert Digg, I'm going to ask you about the Richard Wagon and name reference.
I'm not going to say a curveball on highball.
Why is it that you guys flew on private jets into getting to a big bailout money?
Don't you think that says the American people screw you?
I think it's not a say screw you American people.
Well, I don't get me wrong.
I'm a big believer in spend, spend, spend, spend, but that's kind of crazy, right?
Well, I'm kind of excited.
I don't know.
I wish I had a private plane that way people wouldn't over here to screw up with things I say while traveling.
I'm asked transit.
Why is you coming back to you over there, Richard Wagon?
Your name reminds me of where I had sex for the first time.
Get it station wagon.
Hey, are you wearing any wood paneling on your side?
I don't.
Anyway, let's talk about the big bailout you guys think you deserve.
Well, thank you.
Go ahead.
I jump, go ahead.
I'm trying to get an answer out of you.
How do you feel about the bailout?
Yeah, I do really think.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What I'm trying to say.
But that's Robert Nudellia's same question.
Nudellia, wait a minute.
Just hit me.
Your name sounds like a Mac and Rowley.
I think I had some fucking sauce in Nudellia last night.
Well, I don't think so.
I thought he could hide a minute.
No, not like that.
Who's that?
I remember.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, who's that?
A who's that?
Orch.
Orchid Gladley to say, bear, I know comedy.
Let's go back out of the Alamalala you've fought.
Wait a minute.
You know what you're name reminds me of Big Valley with Miss Barbara Stamwick.
It rhymes.
Malawi's Big Valley.
Of course you can also be the kick from Will Grace for the high squeaky voice.
Don't you think it's a funny?
Don't you think it's a funny?
Let's go ahead.
Let's go ahead.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm telling you, it's funny.
Miss Barbara Stamwick.
They keep where we first saw a million dollar man, rightly major.
It's funny.
Listen, we're here.
It's done listening to you.
Maybe they'll back to the house.
Too late tomorrow on my special guest debate.
The priest is rabbi and the prostitute.
That's funny.
Chris Matthews played hot ball.
I miss them.
Be certain.
All right.
1033.
They can just keep getting better and better.
Yeah.
I know comedy that line.
I just like Joey Reynolds.
Fresh new comedy, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody's laughing.
A lot of people are crying.
Rob and PEI says,
Gildi is the panthers foster Hewitt.
I wonder if he can pronounce Corn White.
Yeah, every time I think of Gildi, I think of foster Hewitt.
The boss can't sing, but the music rocks, says Rob and PEI.
Prince Edward Island.
Well, they don't have a lot going on over there.
So I guess, you know, spruced up their day.
The boss.
Oishmoiju says,
Bruce Branstein is the biggest notellum humsmuck in the known universe.
Worst halftime show ever.
His wife is even uglier than he is.
Who's he married to?
I don't want to hear the boss, okay?
Oh, God.
Lamb, a lamb, a lamb.
And...
Sorry.
He starts.
He starts.
Oh.
John says,
Hey, George, how about following your boss's instructions?
If Neil tells you to go to five guys, then go.
F off, John.
Please tell George.
Please keep George on his toes, Neil.
Anytime you ask him a question, he tries to ignore you.
And invest humorous use, so he can just leave him alone.
No, George.
No. Start working and stop slacking off, says John Jane.
Oh, my job to go to restaurants, although sometimes it is, actually.
When I'm paid to go.
Oh, in other words, if we paid you, you go to five guys.
Yeah, that sounds good.
How about if somebody brought some in?
That's wonderful.
What a great idea.
And then you could pay for it, because you can't take free food and eat it on the air.
I'm not going to pay for it.
Well, somebody would have to pay for it.
Somebody can't do it because that's the Edith from...
...Jolly Jo Bell.
Right.
The Edith Edith.
See, some of the best stuff that we've ever done was during the course of eating food from different restaurants on the air.
People bringing in food and talking about these people.
We've had a lot of fun with that over the years.
But of course, fun is not in the vocabulary, Jolly Jo Bell.
All Jo Bell knows about us talking about stupid-ass ball games.
And give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Only more on distinct like that.
I mean, I understand people who enjoy it.
I enjoyed the game.
It was the Oliver game last night, even though I hated the ending.
The outcome.
But it's one thing to enjoy.
It's another thing to live it, to eat it, to breathe it, to have it seep through every pore in your body.
God.
Paul says not to pick nits.
But you do have a couple of glaring omissions on there, meaning the pool.
No, it's notably nistrony.
That should be on air.
And Vulja Bayes, the ultimate soup perhaps, fat.
Vulja Bayes is like somebody took a bunch of dead fish and put them in a thing of water.
Oh my God, are you chmenting me, Paul must have gotten kidnapped in New Orleans or Baton Rouge sometime.
Once upon a time.
You can put an astronomy on there.
That's a long story.
I'm doing it.
Vulja Bayes is a soup.
Like people, I got an email.
It was chilly, you're soup, and I just do you know deleted it.
You deleted it?
Goulash and I.
Goulash and the soup.
I do like goulash.
It's great.
I know.
Can I say I liked it?
Yeah.
I like it too.
French onion is one of those soups, Paul says that's all too often done badly, but when done right is fantastic.
Yeah.
We were just talking about that.
Right.
Very point.
Ribbolita, Chopino and Vichy swas are also missing.
Oh, Vichy swas.
Yeah, right.
I will say that I would not want ministering lumped in with vegetable soups or Bougat Bayes and with other seafood soups.
Don't worry about it, Paul, because Bougat Bayes ain't going on there.
We asked what you put a vegetable soup on there.
No.
You want?
Why not?
All right.
See, a lot of people think that the ministry of the vegetable are the same.
Which is a lot of places.
They fake it.
They give you vegetable soup with a couple of noodles in it.
Oh, here's our minister.
We're doing what they always do.
We're asking what's your favorite soup and they hear name as many soups as you can.
That's right.
Give us a list of all the soups.
Go to the Campbell's or website.
And any of you people, if you eat Campbell's soup, we don't want to know you.
We don't want to talk to you.
We don't want to smell you.
Campbell's soup is a can with water and a few things smeared into it.
And a lot of salt.
And then the low salt.
Have you ever had one of those low salt soups?
What's the point of that?
It's like non-alcoholic beer.
Delicious, but no taste.
All four Michael Phelps be having badly.
They're just obsessed with this.
He smoked out of a bong.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good.
That's about the first human thing we've seen.
You don't do.
It looked like he was doing it right.
So I don't know.
Yeah, there you go.
It looked like the egg.
Exactly.
It's an egg of experience.
That's right.
Try to humanize them a little bit instead of knocking them out.
Oh, Michael Phelps smoked up.
Oh, geez.
He's a bad role model.
Yeah, right.
I think he's a good role model.
I think if all the politicians smoked a lot more dope,
I think the world would be a better place to live in.
Brandon says today is usually the highest day of the...
The highest day of the year for people to call in sick
because people eat way too much on Super Bowl Day.
Like I did, he says.
I picked up some fresh brats, roasted them,
had them with the load of fries.
Today I feel like I need an alkyceltar.
But as long as the food is good, who cares?
Right.
I didn't eat like a whole lot, which is unusual for me.
I mean, what would I cook up?
I could have ordered delivery.
Right.
Could have ordered chinks.
Mm-hmm.
Or a friend could bring you something.
Who?
A friend.
He brought me lunch last Monday.
See?
Shocker.
I don't think it'll happen again any time this year,
but he did.
He brought me some good crap.
Let's see.
I totally agree with you.
The boss does not sing.
He yells.
That's right.
I'll sing a great for my friends when I say
the Rolling Stones absolutely blow.
No talent, can't sing, songs suck.
No, that's where we part company, Roberto.
The Stones have made some fine music over the band.
Yes they have.
But nevertheless, to each his own.
Oh, Phil Arck says, leave Leo alone.
Oh, I'm going to print this one out.
Great.
This is great.
Phil Arck.
It Phil says that you know it's full of crap.
I wonder if he's kind of Jonah of our.
Paul says springsteen's new wife is leading guitarist
last night on stage with him.
At least he's better looking than Stevie soprano Van Zant.
Says Paul.
Here's a sample pool.
No adding necessary.
A simple poll says Joe Dodge, Yola.
Which comedy bits are better Mickey Mouse or Chris Matthews?
Oh.
Joseph's honestly don't know which one to choose.
They're brilliant.
I just about fell out of my chair laughing at the last
Christmas.
You know Chris Matthews.
And I know when there's a new Mickey.
I'll start hyperventilating them as well.
I work with someone whose last name is Eisner.
And it takes my every ounce of restraint for me to keep
from calling out Eisner during the Mickey bits.
Absolutely terrific stuff.
And then every day they're like them.
What?
I said Eisner.
Oh, and if everyone who doesn't like him.
Well, FM all.
You don't like him?
F here.
The Chris Matthews bits are a hundred times
funnier than the Mickey and Eisner bits.
Yes.
And tighter.
The Mickey bits are ponderous.
After the first one or two, I mean they could have, you know,
comedy in there, but they're way longer than they need to be.
Oh, thank God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's not a complaint.
It's just an observation.
Phil Arx is leave Leo alone.
I have no agree with him in regards to guilty.
He's a good broadcaster.
He's a thousand times better than your boy, the big or the big dog.
Oh, my boy, the big oh.
Oh, yeah.
I'm crossing my fingers for guilty to get the show slot that follows you.
I know he doesn't have a big deep voice, but that's just not luxury to be a
regret.
He doesn't have a big deep voice.
No, he's a squeakmeister.
Okay.
Phil, he's a squeakmeister.
I can't believe you defending Kurt Effing Warner.
Isn't it interesting?
He's always quick to thank Jesus.
I don't care about that crap.
Okay.
I hate him like poison, but he played a hell of a game.
I'm defending him.
What am I going to do?
Say that to Jesus.
Let him down.
Always thanking Jesus and the angels when things go his way, but I didn't hear
you that yesterday when he lost.
I guess God had the unders on the Cardinals, but not the outright win.
I hope he dies of throat cancer, never makes the hall of fame.
Springsteen was great.
What do you call it?
See, this guy would real taste in his Tossus.
A man in his mid-50s running and doing acrobatics with much gust of energy is
really inspiring and exciting, not to mention the great music, which he doesn't
make.
Better seeing him than some washed up and boring R&V or Motown has been like they've
done past super will have times.
P.S., I tried the burgers at five guys.
Am I humble opinion, bland and boring?
Nothing out of this world or to write to your mom about.
Well, must be sensational then.
Hello and D.A.Y.S.U.C.A.S.
Hey baby!
Thank you, brother.
You see back later.
No, he was a great show, bro.
Thanks, man.
What to be honest with you?
You stink.
What?
Well, faith in the guerrilla.
God, after 72 cities and four hours a night,
do you think it's about saying you had yourself a shower?
Hell yeah.
Okay.
And I've got just the soup baria.
Goo, Irish Springsteen.
It's the boss of the order and soul.
Hey baby!
Come enough for a wetty order.
Good I like it too.
Please, you with this.
Irish Springsteen.
Now you won't be smitten like no jersey in your mind.
Let me say it again.
He never sang a note in his life and never will.
1047 and 560 WQAM.
Now Walt says because this soup thing, I mean,
I guess we could have listened every soup that's ever been invented.
Right.
Walt says, ever had Gaspacho?
Dan Good, hard to find.
No, it's Dan Badd and thank God it's hard to find.
One thing I don't want is cold soup.
Yeah.
Ooh.
The whole idea of soup being a comfort food is that soup is warm and...
Oh, yeah.
It's souping.
Oh yeah.
It's soups your innards.
Cold soup.
Oh my God.
Ooh.
And also he says pasta a faggola is the right at the top of my list.
Well, learn how to spell it.
It's pasta faggoli.
Meaning pasta and beans.
I love pasta fajoules.
But the only thing is if it's got too many beans, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
What?
Because you don't like beans.
I hate beans.
Right.
And they use like kidney beans in pasta fajoules.
Like it says, depending on the dialect of Italian being used the word faggoli,
maybe pronounced as it's spelled or close to fajoules, even vazu, pasta vazu.
A 1927 song by Van En's Shank, capitalizes on the latter pronunciation in the rhyme.
Don't be a fool.
Eat pasta fajoules.
Uh huh.
Yeah, I like it just fine.
If it's made a certain way.
We could put that on there if you want.
But whatever you want.
And certainly we're not putting a spacho on there.
No.
We're talking about real soup, not cold soup.
Because spacho, my ass.
Another thing about spacho is what are the kind of beans, those big white,
right round beans they put in there?
No, not lime of beans.
No, not lime of beans.
Maybe beans.
No, they're not really beans.
What the hell do they call those things?
Garbonzos?
Garbonzos beans.
Now you're talking all gooey.
Yes.
Oh, gooey.
Mushi.
Right.
What have I always told you when it comes to the food?
Right.
Man, I don't like mushi.
Not all beans are created equal, but those are the mushiest of them all.
Yeah, and the word Garbonzos beans.
Yeah.
Strictly for goyem.
Oh, here's a very timely email.
The title of the movie you were trying to remember.
Last week you were trying to remember the name of a Jim Carrey movie where he's...
We got it.
That's stuck.
Yeah, that's right.
The name of the movie is called Groundhog Day with Bill Murray.
Right.
We had that discussion.
Yeah, we had that discussion.
It was a long ago.
But thank you anyway so much.
Not.
Last year you were talking about yaddy, yaddy, yaddy.
And I just don't want to give you the answer, you know, like that.
God.
Oh, Bob says I used to work at the Red Lobster.
They have excellent clams, yaddy.
Yes, they do.
But I saw how they make it once.
They take their concentrate and then add a gallon of pure cream.
It's a heart attack and a bowl.
But their seams are great.
Love listening to you here in Connecticut's his Bob.
Well, thanks Bob.
Their seams are great.
I wouldn't say their seams are great.
See them.
Don't even get me started with him, okay?
Oh, I'm hungover with the...
Then tamper with the party and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Didn't get up till 1045.
The stories aren't up there.
He's strictly just a party guy.
That's all.
He doesn't want to work.
He just wants to screw off his whole life.
Your buddy.
You're always defending, by the way, right?
You mean defending people?
Always defending quarters.
I like him.
He's a nice guy.
He eats, and that's not personal.
Right.
We're talking about two different things.
It's business.
The only one kind of business that he specializes in.
You know what it is?
Monkey business.
Sure.
That's all he knows.
He's like that thing.
I mean, if he was like 90% monkey business
and 10% real business,
I wouldn't have such a problem with it.
But he's 99.9%.
Just like, what is it?
I don't know.
99.9.
I have re-soap.
That's right.
Oh, and if you people are still using soap.
I don't think I ever going to bring that up again.
I give up.
Oh, and guess what I found?
My soft soap pink grapefruit.
Great fruit.
Excellent.
I saw that on the shelf yesterday and I grabbed it up.
While I could still afford to buy it after a very bad morning at wood buying.
Here's a little tip to all your slot players.
Do not play.
They're not going to get started on the $5 wheel of fortune.
That is the biggest suck in in the history of mankind.
Some guy on the, um,
tell them they call that game.
Crystals.
Crystals and sevens.
Crystals sevens.
He won 60 grand in the $5 room yesterday.
60 grand.
So I guess I had to make a contribution to pay a little part of that.
$5 wheel of fortune.
It's, uh, it's addictive.
It's very bad.
And you keep feeding and feeding and feeding.
Where's a spin already?
Where's something on the line?
Give me a little something, something.
Just keep feeding it in there like crazy Maurice the frog.
W.B. says the posted article why people believe in God by Larry Bernhardt is brilliant.
Fine heart.
I read his book, Fog Facts, and suggests it would be mandatory reading for the general population.
But then the idiots would, uh,
something after the first few pages.
You're going to have to do something about this chopping off on the right hand column on these.
Uh, yeah, before the show.
Let's play with it.
Thanks for that posting and the continued effort for the rest of the postings.
I appreciate the direction says WB.
Why people believe in God?
Yes, on our website.
It's on the bedtime stories that Cortis actually put up.
Maybe he got to bed before three, four in the morning last night.
Maybe the post-superb of all parties weren't as, you know,
draining is the pre-superb of all parties.
And I do mean draining.
Oh, here's one from the fake Tinney Williams.
You'd love this.
You love the email address?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tinney Williams at a safe number three.
Doesn't mean any bells.
Tim, that's a safe number three.
The number one is too dangerous.
I don't think that's what they're going for here.
Yeah, it is number three.
No.
Yes, number 37.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Forget I said anything.
Okay.
Uncle Neal, I can't tell you how much I love seeing that born again,
A-hole, Kurt Warner blowed a Super Bowl last night.
It was orgasmic.
Maybe he should convert to Buddhism or Satanism.
Clearly, Jesus doesn't give a crap about him anymore.
What a complete and total bang boy loser.
I hope he chokes on his vomit just like he did at the end of both halves last night.
See, I can't stand Kurt Warner and I really hate the aborn again,
religion is but the fact that it matters, I hate the Steelers much much much much more than I hate Kurt Warner.
I despise the Steelers.
The other great thing about the Super Bowl is the Steelers had no ex-University of Mimeel
Literate Gang banging thugs on the roster.
So, memo to the kiddies out there.
Don't be fooled by the fall, fall, fall to roll and propaganda.
The road to football glory does not go through moral gables and hasn't for a very long time.
So, there's no need to go there.
Especially when you only have a 50-50 chance of getting out alive in the first place.
Have a great week.
I hope everyone who lives in Miami, Dade County dies in the fire.
Timmy Williams, General Manager, 94.9, General Mangler, it says.
I wonder if he's still probably not.
Once mommy sold a station to Chief Channel, I'm sure he got candy immediately.
Not sooner.
Timmy Williams, what?
I said, are you sure?
No, you forgot the whole story.
I think...
Oh, Neil, I'd rather be a safe number two or number three.
These people want to be a safe number 37 here.
Number three is way too high.
This is about Timmy Williams.
It's not about these people here.
That's all you know is these people here.
These people here.
These people here.
But that's not what this email is about.
All right.
No wonder that guy ripped you an ass about not going to five guys.
I think the guy had a good point.
Sure.
Is he going to buy?
How many assignments do I give you?
How many assignments?
Virtually none.
I can't even afford a car and he wants me to go out and buy a burger.
I thought they're buying you in like a Cadillac Escalade.
Yeah, that's all the accoutrements on it.
All the...
Oh yeah.
Spinning rims, Daddy O.
Yeah, I want gold.
Spinning rims.
That?
No.
Spinning the...
Spin the cradle, okay?
It's never too late to start spinning that cradle.
When is Porum, by the way?
I guess I can't ask you.
You're not in the same room with the calendar.
Over here, I just have to get up and walk over to it.
Wow.
Porum must be coming up.
I don't know.
I'm sure I'll go look through the break.
Is it in February, March?
And we better talk about Dave Halberstam in a silly-ass book about this right?
I mean, I still get angry.
I mean, obviously it's all subjective.
But some of the names he's got, I mean Phyllis George and Bryant Gumball
and the Jim Nance who's just as Vanilla as Tapioca putting.
Frank Gifford.
Oh, Frank Gifford.
Jesus, God, Halby.
I'm telling you, when the heat can't his ass,
it must have affected his mind or something, because he's lost it.
Lost it.
And Tom Jicca, you owe an apology to the world for writing that crap about
a where's this one and where's that one and Harry Karing-Bot Prince.
They weren't networking out to his time, and even you suckered me,
and you led me down to Garden Pound.
This is the Neoronchir show.
You're- you're- you're- you're- you're failing.
This is your brain.
Go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go- go.
Any questions?
soda and shampoo and coffee and water gel candles and TV rings for your daughter.
dump up that tutti- re case of champagne.
These are the things you can take on a play.
Oh, my God.
She's with and hair gel and lip balm and toothpaste.
Oh, clear it still for all of those that's on your face.
You have that sunburn but no solar pain.
That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
I feel what you'll be waiting in me seems insane.
While they make you grow out all of those things
you cannot take on a plane.
Oh, here you go. Here's a real brilliant email. This is great.
Now you know as well as I do that most of the polls,
especially lately come from Charlie B or Sean from Hollywood.
Correct. Why don't make them up? You don't make them up.
No. Here's one from Jeffrey who's just all bent out of shape.
Your poll leaves out many soups from around the world.
What about Thailand's Tom Kha Guy,
coconut chicken soup, or Peruvian spicy shrimp chowda,
chupide comodones?
What about spicy lental and sausage soup?
This poll is biased and only reflects your taste and sucks.
Yeah, that's right. I put the poll together.
Not. I have a counterpoint point.
Yeah, what's that? Yeah, right.
Jeffrey David Maia says more likely from more Howard David.
Jeffrey David. Never trusted guy with two first names.
That's what I've always said. Oh, wait. No, that was you.
Jeffrey David. Yeah, it's a biased poll.
Oh, here's a good one though that we have to add,
which I love Italian wedding soup.
Oh, I just had something the other day with the little meatballs in it.
When I was sick, yeah, we ordered from an Italian restaurant.
Oh, that's the best stuff. That is one of my favorites.
It is good. Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm going to know.
Italian wedding soup. You got it?
I would actually don't be biased now.
Put on some stuff that's a glam life.
Yeah, yeah. How about that?
Some young guy memories to get that delivered to the station?
Yeah. I think that's what they're talking about, isn't it?
That Tom's guy or something.
Some off shoe, some bamboo shoot of it.
I don't know. From some tense world Asian country.
I have no idea. I don't like it.
One thing that they're very good in spreading in Asia.
Is he? Yes.
That's what you were going to say. Yeah.
That's exactly the word.
I was going to say that's the word rumors.
Like SARS. SARS came here by way of China.
Right. Sorry.
Because we know that in China they're very, very sanitary.
Ooh.
Maybe that's why I would buy it.
I find these old smelly Chinese mon.
It's in their blood. It's in their skin.
It's in the pigment of their skin.
That aroma could put you in a terminal coma.
Smelly old Chinese mon.
When did I mention somebody won the jackpot Friday?
A wheel of fortune.
227 grand.
I told you to not.
Wasn't me.
Some Indian guy.
Poon job.
Somebody another death.
In fact, I think I got two more deaths.
Yeah, I have two more.
Oh, but before that, this is much more important.
A Tucson television station says its broadcast of the Super Bowl last night was interrupted for some customers by about 10 seconds of photographic material.
All right.
Honey, I like that.
I think that's what it was.
It was Matt Linerd on his knees.
KVOA TV in Tucson posted a statement on his website late Sunday saying the viewers were able to see the material where those who received the channel through Comcast.
Whoa.
KVOA, that doesn't say what the material was.
KVOA says it will investigate the incident.
The game was sent out from the TV station without interruptions or pornographic material.
Comcast spokeswoman Tracy Baumgartner confirmed the company's standard feed was interrupted during the Super Bowl.
Although she said its high definition feed was not.
Oh, well, it would not have been great to see the opponent hide in HD.
Baumgartner said engineers are investigating.
They're looking into it.
Pay your taxes, Tommy.
Tom Dash, all these guys.
They don't want to pay their taxes.
Well, well, you caught us and I will pay him.
The whole world is run by crooks.
So if you think that Obama is going to get a whole bunch of honest people in there to run the country, dream on, baby.
The world is run by crooks.
Cooks and crooks.
Yeah.
John Gordy is dead.
You think he's going to very Gordy?
Who?
No.
But he's got a Detroit connection.
Former Detroit line lineman led the NFL players union.
When a negotiated, the first elected bargaining agreement in 68, died of complications from pancreatic cancer at the age of 73.
Gordy died Friday of complications from pancreatic cancer at UC Irvine Medical Center in Orange, California.
His wife something said his wife, Benny.
Go on and on and on.
We don't know what I'm care about that.
You care about it?
Obviously not.
No.
You have to do with football.
Right.
George's adamant and militant about that.
I don't want to watch other people play games.
Don't.
Don't.
Don't.
I'm going to have such a woman.
Nobody can understand that either.
What?
I said, how's it going, eh?
Oh, I'm the only one who doesn't have sex with what is that?
No.
And I'm the only one that didn't watch the Super Bowl.
Or that doesn't like to watch men play games.
I'm perfectly capable of doing that myself.
Thank you very much.
You play football?
No.
I play the game that I enjoy playing.
Another dead guy.
Who?
Robert Stone.
Who?
Former Top Executive at the Hertz Corporation, who in the 1970s hired OJ Simpson as a pitchman for the Carbano-Jerim.
And that he was 87.
Oh.
Didn't I soon enough to make me happy?
Who?
Robert Stone.
He was a former Top Executive at Hertz.
He hired OJ in the spots.
I heard that.
We were jumping over the counter.
I heard it.
I was just ignoring it.
Well, you are absolutely impossible today.
Sorry.
I think Gelti's going to come in and give you a spanking.
Is that football I took on this Saturday?
We all just like he does.
Make you make those sounds.
I don't know if I could do that.
You know, the idea that there are people defending Gelti being on here is so ludicrous to me.
It's like saying a nice sunny day.
Like today, the sun is shining.
It looks nice from inside.
A nice sunny day when the temperature is 75 is a hell of a lot worse than a day when it's like 45 below zero and it's 4 feet of snow on the ground.
Even I wouldn't say that.
All depending on where it is.
Stone became chairman and CEO of Hertz in 1972.
It is now known as Hertz Global Holdings.
It was Stone's decision to hire football star Simpson as the spokesman for Hertz in a series of iconic TV sports.
His wife said at the time Simpson was a national sports hero not a murderer yet.
The ads featured Simpson leaping over luggage inside airline terminals.
And have it sportsmen themselves don't want an athlete to represent Hertz.
He was tired of watching commercials with actors who didn't do anything but talk.
Simpson, she said, was fabulous at that particular moment in time.
He was a different OJ.
He was named murdering thug criminal slimeball who's in the slamer for years and years and years.
Oh my God.
Oh, can you imagine the National teeth and QAM?
Uh-huh.
Oh, poor OJ.
This screwed OJ.
Understands leadership at Hertz.
The company's revenue increased from $21 million in 72 to $200 million in 78.
Stone left Hertz in 78 to become CEO for Columbia Pictures.
He retired in 1983.
Retired.
But continued to serve as a consultant in 80 Fortune magazine named him.
One of the 10 toughest bosses to work for.
Oh, that's before that's before they found out about jolly joeville.
Stone came to Hertz from NBC.
How do you like that idiot saying how it's turned out a bad voice?
Yeah, even you wouldn't say that.
No, but I don't like it.
You know, like his voice sounds like a continuous droning sound to me.
He's got a great voice.
Fine.
More for you.
You can have it.
I don't I don't listen, but he's got a great voice.
See, one thing about me I can be fair just like to think with the game last night.
I can't stand born again.
Bible, frumping people in sports pushing their religion on me.
But the fact of the matter is I hate to see there's even worse.
I didn't give a crap.
I'm being fair.
I'm being played in hell of a game.
Doesn't do it again for me.
Sounds like a droning sound.
Howard's voice sounds like a droning sound.
And that sounds better.
No, I say that.
I say that either.
My God.
The idea that any of anybody anywhere would pagoli on the year.
Is this silly?
I put Mickey on your first.
Leisee's entertaining.
Here's one from one.
First time he made or loved the show except George.
But my dad says he's been listening to you since I was an itch in his sack.
And I tried to listen on the radio every day, but I'm listening to the show from the Internet.
And it sounds great.
This pulls sucks as much as George does.
All he does is talk about bad music and rolling around like a fagot at the skating rink.
When he's hosting the show, there should be a disclaimer that lets people know the show is going to suck today.
He better be kissing your ass because when you do kick the bucket, all he'd be good for is a pooper scupper at the zoo.
All of it's his popper scupper.
I say they just open a five guys here in Kendall and it's great.
Is one.
Well, maybe one will bring you something.
Yeah.
No, something something.
Kindle.
No, thanks.
And you got John James all been out of shape.
Oh, and you know something I've been playing the wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The whole first hour and you never even chanced eyes me for it.
For what?
Playing a wrong execute the wrong deal.
Okay.
I put the new one in there this morning and all four breaks in the first hour we played the old one.
I didn't notice.
Well, that's because you're not paying any attention.
You're too busy worrying about where's that damn new car that jolly joe promised you that you know you're not going to get.
You know you're not going to get it.
I know.
The only people that get cars in that company are big shots like Ray Perry and the scu-ran.
Joe's a gaki.
Joe's a gaki as a car.
I think he does have a car deal.
Joe's a gaki's got a company car.
A company car.
A company car deal.
A car deal.
Yes.
Or he does sponsor an exchange for the car that that kind of deal.
You mean like Hank used to have orange Henry.
Correct.
Well, why can't you do that?
I don't know.
Well, that would require you know well, let's talk about that at two o'clock and we have our big on another one of those conference.
Well, this is the last one by the way.
I could be out there making back all the money I lost yesterday at Woodbuy.
I don't know, but it's been fun and instead I got to spend an hour on the phone with you long kids.
Now who's going to be in this meeting?
Or we can't talk about on the year sure we can't sure we can.
We can't you and Charlie Joey.
I don't know Chris Jones.
Chris Jones is sales manager this even on my name does he know that we have a show here midday that kicks ass and has the highest ratings on the station for 11 years plus.
Oh.
John James has a challenge to George.
I got one that I challenge George to an IQ test. Oh George you're not half as smart as you make everyone believe if I beat you in the IQ test
You have to go out and eat five guys burgers. No, I'm gonna challenge John James to a physical contest
And if I beat him in the physical contest then he gets to crawl off bleeding
You're a single Neil Rogers. Were you grudge back in?
All the stunt rejoins all the time
Just keep getting a toast. Yeah, I'm the host
Everybody is
They got us by the
I like to do some driving
For the world
Is the
After

Where just the rich and dirty can't afford to buy gas.
The corporate newspapers say it will end.
The ones that I use for the sheets on my bed.
You ain't good enough, it may defend in control.
They've helped us fly, but now we've got it thus far.
We are in a deep depression, but they don't want you to know.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
For the world's richest country, this depression flows.
It flows. Don't you know this is the depression flows.
1119 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Monday, too. Stealer's one to Super Bowl.
We're not too happy about that here.
Make a stink.
Anyway, here's one that says,
Hey, Neil, do us all a favor and send that bitch George home.
He's the biggest no talent jerk to ever come down the pipe.
I guess it's pick on George Monday.
I didn't realize that.
I'm the same person writing all these emails.
Get out of here.
See ya.
JCP Black Knights.
Yeah.
Jimmy or something or other.
If I wanted to, if you want to email account every two minutes under different name, go ahead.
Why go ahead?
I'm not gonna go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I know comedy.
Well, the high ball.
I mean, yeah.
Whoever whoever is doing that is a, there's a great job.
I mean, I think it's so close.
Huh?
I think it's pet and go.
Is it?
I think so.
Everyone's in a while.
Wow.
Well, two three times here.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Andrew says, hey, Neil, how could you leave out lentil soup on your initial pool?
I didn't make the initial poll.
Okay, Andrew.
Let me say it again.
And I hate lentil soup.
Mm-hmm.
It'll never have a chance to catch up with that.
Now, so no point.
Go ahead.
Put it on there.
Lentil soup.
All right.
But come on.
You left out the best soup of all lentil.
Not to mention a bunch of others.
Of course.
Put on the lentil soup.
Lentil.
Lentil.
Lentil.
Don't start with that gentle green crap again.
Okay.
Lentil green.
Speaking of the dolphins, our Dave Joseph talked to Lentil green.
I just wish he said, speak to him about the dolphin.
Oh, brother.
The fake Larry King, who obviously whoever the real person is, is a total moron.
Says, out Michaels and John Madden are overrated and passed their prime.
I like Madden with Pat Semarol, but not with Michaels.
Jim Nance and Phil Sims are the best.
Oh, my God.
Jim Nance is mediocre at best.
He's okay.
Medi-oker, but not great.
And Phil Sims, one of the most annoying people ever to appear on my TV set.
Or anybody's TV set.
Phil Sims.
He's out.
We're on the sideline.
Number 85.
Oh, God.
I just just think about him.
I want to puke.
Fake Larry King.
Your taste is in your Tullus Larry.
Maybe somebody ought to like empty your bag.
Take a little bit of the pressure off of there.
You know what I'm saying, Larry?
Correct them.
Uh-huh.
Okay, here's the way the pool shapes are right now.
We're going to make a thousand votes on this pool to that thing.
Ooh.
Won't that be something?
Nope.
Yeah, well, what's your favorite soup?
Claim or seafood chowder, 178?
See, the two of them shouldn't be under together.
This is Charlie B's bad.
Seafood chowder is stupidly tasty.
Right.
People who love clam chowder like I do, a lot of us don't like seafood chowder.
They should be separate entries, but too late now.
178.
French onion 150.
Chicken noodle 68 or chicken noodle as Charlie B wrote because he's a lazy turd and thinks
he's cute.
WTF 56.
P. Su 53.
P not for me.
P your heart out.
Gumbo 47.
Mots of all spelled badly 46.
Lobster Biz 31.
Tomato 31.
Beef Barley 28.
Should be much higher than that.
Beef Barley is just awesome.
Killers.
Cream of broccoli 26.
Cream of mushroom 24.
Now, let me also say this and I don't want to make any additions, but there are other variations
of mushroom like wild mushroom soup.
Right.
Have that?
Yes.
Awesome.
Great.
With like unbelievable.
Corn chowder 24.
Say how to the colonel.
I hate soup 21.
Well, guess what?
How can anybody hate soup?
I don't know.
It's like saying I hate ice cream.
I hate candy bars.
No matter what we put on.
We hate.
We're in South Florida.
We hate.
Black bean 19.
Shrimp is 14.
Butternut squash, Bisk 12.
Oh.
That just a sound of it.
I mean, I know what it is and what it tastes like.
Like mousse.
The sound of that.
Butternut squash, Bisk 12.
Pasta fajoli.
Pasta fazool 3.
Potato soup.
And why doesn't it say from the field on here?
We didn't want that on there.
I thought that's exactly what the guy said.
That's what the guy said, but we're not putting on that.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
That's what the guy said.
I mean, vegetable soup to me is like, I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
I think it camels when I think of vegetable soup.
Noodles.
Was that his name?
Yes, that was one of the characters.
Now was noodles.
Was that the red-haired guy or was that the Robert De Nero?
I forget.
No.
I think you ever saw.
I did see it.
It took me three times to get through it.
Brown Bloom was in it.
Yeah.
Whatever happened to Brown Bloom.
I don't know.
He got old and ugly, I guess.
I imagine.
He was on some stupid ass soap opera and then he vanished from the scene.
What a shame.
He's no Bruce Braxton.
I'll tell you that.
Who is?
There's only one boss, the boss.
Oh.
Oh, all these state of mind things.
We have to do a poll on that soon.
Not just restaurants, but people like Elvis, the boss.
Who's another one?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
State of mind.
Eric and Tamarack says, good morning, question four.
Did you hear what Bruce said at the end of his craft show?
Oh, Springsteen.
I'm going to Disneyland.
Did you catch that?
Last time who Disneyland was in California.
Unless I was saying, he can't wait to get out of this guy for a second state.
Disneyland.
Not Disney World.
Disney Land.
I love the show and I hate Goldies.
Is Eric and Tamarack?
How do you like that, Goldie?
Hate you, like poison, which is you would croak.
Can't stand the squeaking.
Enough of the squeaking.
You know, it's really what a shame.
I mean, not just because for this reason, but if she were still around,
which he's not.
The thanks for calling, lady.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
She could do a thing for her.
Enough of the squeaking.
Enough of the talking.
Right.
She and mother also have the season.
They saw.
And you never found out when Purim was.
No, I didn't.
Well, during the break, that would be something really very productive for you to do.
I knew you were thinking.
Don't rejoin.
Yep.
And what the hell has happened here?
Wow.
Three times.
In the wind.
D-A-Y.
S-U-C-K-S.
Well, from the hot bar on M-A-S-M-B-C, I'm Chris Maddews.
I gotta be honest with you.
I feel like a little fluffy white kitten who's just been giving a warm ball of milk.
I feel like a completely different person since we have our new president Barack Obama.
He's just like an actual ghost whisperer with Jennifer Love Hewitt, a play psychic medium of Olympic Gordon,
which he looks at Sam.
She sees that that husband Jim's face is when he died he jumped into Sam's body.
And draw the parallel because when people look at me, they see me.
Chris Maddews from high-ball numbers have been seen.
But when I look in the mirror, I see a little girl in a pink rump, but my hair in pink tails.
Licking a lollipop with like a two-footed circumference.
I feel like Rose from Tuna Half Madden, you know, Charlie Stalker girlfriend.
I'm totally in love with a man who doesn't know him alive.
But it matters not.
People say to me, hey, Chris, what about the fact that the downpunch to its lowest level
on the night duration day history?
So what?
People say to me, hey, Chris, how can we possibly create four million new jobs under the Obama administration?
I say he can.
He's a candy man.
He can take a rainbow, wrap it in his side, soak it in the sun and make it grubby, lemon pie.
I feel like a cherry pop type that's been baked, golden brown, the perfection and the toast are oven.
And he's just sitting on the counter waiting to be consumed.
I feel like Angelina Jolie's underpits.
It's a new day.
Same on crappy economy, wars, horrible real estate market, endless despair and divisiveness.
But now we have a president who can take tomorrow.
Dimpit in a drain, separate the sorrow and collect the ball of cream, Obama can.
Obama can.
He's a candy man.
I'm Chris Mathews by Hot Ball, I'm a Sampie State.
Who can take a sunrise?
Who can take a sunrise?
And then sprinkle it with soap, and buy my cans.
It covers it in chocolate and America with two.
You know what?
He takes a candy man.
Yes he can.
The candy man can.
Okay, those are great.
Anybody who doesn't like to get smacked with you, bits, I have one thing to say to you.
BAM!
Porum is Monday night Tuesday, March 9th and 10th.
Monday night and Tuesday.
I wrote it on the calendar.
Well, somebody has sent me and they also say, now tell the truth, how can anyone in their right mind like commentation is the world's worst cookie ever.
Are we going to have a Friday?
Guess what?
Only somebody with a goiish or cup would say that because commentation are not cookies.
And the real ones, the good ones, don't tell me about those hard little triangular ones that they try to pass off.
Are there some months yourself?
Those things suck what?
I'm on the outside looking in, argue that amongst yourselves.
What's traditional?
The real commentation are the big fluffy soft ones with like the poppy seeds inside the moon, poppy seeds.
All the real Jews are the ones that argue with you about that, I ain't there.
Yeah, because there is no other...
Well, this must be a fake Jew from Miami Beach who sent me this email.
Must be.
The world's worst cookie and I would agree with you about those little hard ones.
Ooh.
The big ones are soft and brown and aren't cookies at all.
They're pastries.
That's exactly right.
Even a goi like George knows it.
And over the years back in the day when we could get food brought in, remember we used to get home and Toschen brought in?
Of course.
In fact, Dave Halberstam wrote that stupid book about the sports casters.
Even Dave used to send us all kinds of good stuff including the real homontage.
No, he would send us the fake ones.
Oh, like I said, never liked him.
It was a pastry lane, if I recall, the pastry lane.
Very, very good. What a memory.
Honey glazed poppy filled.
Yes.
The spicy salad.
Yes.
Delicious.
Yes.
Those are the die for.
They were real Jews eat real homontage.
Okay.
Only Erzatz Jews, aka goi, eat those little hard triangles.
Could crack your teeth on those damn things.
They're nasty.
So somebody at Marx's once upon a time in America, Robert De Niro was noodles and James Woods was max noodles.
Luxian.
Luxian Cougal.
Now, Lux is a director.
What?
Yeah, there you go.
Lux, I've told you this before, is a often derogatory term for Italians.
Really?
Luxian, yeah.
And so, Luxian Cougal is noodle pie, like he said there, noodle pudding.
Okay.
And you cut it into squares, you know, like, oh, God, is there with raisins in it?
Is that because, like, calling them spaghetti, is that what that he amounts to?
Calling them pasta?
What's Luxian?
Noodles.
All right.
Robert De Niro.
So you can't call an Italian a noodle?
Not a limp noodle.
Ah.
Look, every, every language, you've got derogatory words for, I mean, everything.
For example, schwarzherr in German or Yiddish means black.
Schwarz is black, dark.
Schwarzherr is a black man.
Sure.
And it doesn't necessarily be, in fact, Mo, you used to get, is there, oh, the things that he sees on the air, he ought to get shot for Santa.
Unless you intend it to be derogatory, it doesn't necessarily have to be.
Like a schwarzherr is a black man.
A schwarzherr is a black woman.
It's banished the word for the color in the person is the same and it's not derogatory.
It just happens to be negra.
Negra?
Negra.
Is that what they call the name of negra?
That must be why.
Is it black?
Once upon a time in America, superb says Marx so long as you're watching Sergio Leone's four-hour version,
and not the shortened version released by the studios, which was told in chronological order and made no sense whatsoever.
I've seen it a dozen times and find new details with these viewing.
Well, I guess in four hours you would.
One stormy Sunday, I watched the Godfather, Godfather Part II, and once upon a time in America, back to back to back to back, all three amazing, amazing.
Or last night on A&E, they had a thing about the Godfather's versus the law or something like that.
Okay.
And I came up with a punny apart with Lucky Luciano.
Okay.
It was pretty interesting.
I mean, the thing I wonder, he was getting all these other mafia dons killed and how come they never got him.
He was more careful.
He was more careful.
I guess he had better bloody guards.
You know, the other ones, they were slipping.
The don was slipping all due respect.
Could I have gotten him five years ago?
Ten?
No.
No.
But then again, Frato.
Frato is the bodyguard.
Where was Pauli?
Oh, he was sick.
Uh-huh.
He's been out sick all winter.
That's trunced.
Oh, Pauli, that's trunced.
That is one of the great lines.
Very short and sweet.
Oh, Pauli wants to eat him no more.
See, you can talk about once upon a time in America all you want, but we could do Godfather quotes all day long.
Oh, once upon a time in America, does he have any quotes that I can recall?
No.
No, there's just no compare in the two movies.
No.
It's good, but still.
It's great.
No, it's not good, it's great.
Okay, but still, it's no Godfather.
And when you see James Woods' zits popping out in that garbage thing at the end, yeah, garbage truck.
Isn't that supposedly what's going on in there?
James Woods' body is in the garbage bin.
Oh, yeah, that's the implication.
And the zits are like pouring out.
It gives me the schmitz when I see that many zits.
Oh, Oishmojius says I had Garbanzo bean soup in a Cuban restaurant in St. Augustine.
It was great.
Send George to hire Lee to pick some up and FedEx it to you overnight.
Otherwise, no soup for you.
No soup for you.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, castle hoist.
I wouldn't do that to you, don't worry.
I would not eat Garbanzo soup.
And I wouldn't send it to you, son.
Now, let's see.
Garbanzo bean soup.
Am I confusing Garbanzo bean soup with Gaspacho?
I don't think so.
Garbanzos are chickpeas.
I don't know what they are, but it's also cold.
It's a composite soup, also cold.
No.
Oh, I don't think so.
Well, Gaspacho is cold.
Yes.
And isn't it like potato soup, a kind of potato soup?
No, it's a vegetable soup.
Okay.
Then I don't know.
I looked it up.
Okay.
I love potato soup.
Man, I do love.
You know what's really great is potato soup with like a little cheddar cheese on top.
That's the thing about the field.
It's they put like fresh bacon and cheddar cheese on top of it with a nice scaly.
Oh, I think that's like the die for me.
You've had potato soup and then you've had their potato soup and there's no comparing any other kind of soup.
I see.
So in other words, you're looking for a freebie there.
Is that it?
Maybe they'll bring in food.
I do get freebies there.
And the field?
They're one of our meal deals sponsor.
I know they are.
I think it's so.
And you still get freebies there?
When I get the certificates.
And what about when you don't?
Then I don't.
We don't have a deal for it this week, by the way.
Duff is very apologetic about that.
That's all right.
That's all right.
We have no restaurant.
It's okay.
I'm on a.
You're on a what?
A plan.
I don't want to call it a diet.
I just on a I'm not eating like a pig plan for the New Year.
Oh, poorly once you have no more.
That's me.
That's me how I'm doing on it.
The best lines in the movie are from Clemenson.
Yes.
Am I right?
You are.
The fun.
I mean, obviously the dawn had a lot of great.
Yeah.
No, lead the gun.
Take the cannibal.
And Santino had a great line.
It doesn't matter with you.
That's college boy.
Here's one.
It says I've seen this many times.
It starts in grade school.
For example, I was one of the guys picked first in games of kickball, dodgeball, whatever was being played.
George was the little scrawny, uncoordinated pint-sized outcast.
It was picked last even after the girls.
No, sorry.
The natural defense.
This is the scrawny kid who announced he hates sports.
Yeah.
I'm trying to leave the impression that he could play if he wanted to.
No.
He would choose not to.
No.
Everyone knows different.
The way he's doing it on the skinny kid's mind.
Sorry.
It goes on for your school's on and on.
No.
I was a second round draft pick right after the jogs.
I could play anything that I wanted to.
Second round draft pick.
I'm very good at whatever I want to be good at.
The reason I can't go to school.
He is anyone who tears a hamstring skating with a kid.
He is an uncoordinated scrawny.
He wasn't skating with little kids.
He was a skating class adult like a baldy.
Stay in your chair, George.
You must watch movies.
Whoever that is, whatever faker, whatever Reverend Homo that is.
I'm sure Elizabeth has a girlfriend.
I can't throw a football because my hands are tiny,
but I can beat them in any other physical contest as long as it doesn't have to do it.
Are you picking on tiny again?
I'm picking on that guy.
That fat loaf who wrote that.
Rob says, not sure if this would be categorized as a super or not,
but I love chili.
No, it's not a soup.
It's not a soup.
It's a food.
Did not mind spring steam.
But wonder why the NFL can't get someone who has a hit within the last decade.
Enjoy George when he sits in for you.
Think it's a nice change of pace.
see there's somebody who likes you there's one. What? No, nothing. I'm just
a chocolateing after that or email. That's always the accusation. I'm good at
every physical activity that there is. Here's one about BM Brian Murray, the
spokesman, the fool, and it says the spokesman. I'm not doing hockey, okay? Sorry.
Leafs won two in a row. How do you like that? All right. They're on fire. Don't
know if you've heard of the soup man, but there is one in the adventure. Of course we
have. Yes. It's the same restaurant that the soup. The soup. Not. We were talking about
the new central. Yeah, we know I added lobster bits to the pole just because of the lobster
bits. How George to go there ASAP? We were talking about it before the show today.
God, they think we're so stupid. They were a sponsor for a while. We've had the
next right. That is correct. We love.
You're fired. You need to pack good things and go. It is not a good time for me to lose my job.
Hey, happy birthday. You're fired. You're fired. Well, yes, he's been fired.
I have been feeling that the management doesn't care. Whatever. I've been replaced by some
computer software. Let your amounts be for my incredible bonus was due. That's fine.
Well, ain't this a kick in the air? Under the unemployment line unattractive unemployed and living
with his father. It's very set up faster. Under the unemployment line.
I'm the boss. You sick bastard. Really? What do you say? You sick bastard? That's what he said.
I thought for a second he said something else rhymes with sick.
What's the story on this meeting at two o'clock since I got no information about?
Are we doing it the same way we did the other one? I'm going to send the other room on the phone?
Or am I going to sit in here and everybody's coming in there? Oh, I assume that it was going to be the same as before.
Conference room and somebody's going to call you. I'm not boring. Yeah. But that way you can't play sound effects.
Oh, that's no good. I got a whole bunch of them in here. I wouldn't want to play.
Make some sounds with your mouth. That's my message for the management. Oh, God.
John James says why is George surprised most fans hate him? Uh huh. Look, tell George I personally buy him five guys.
We're going to take it to the studio and shove it down his mouth. Oh, you guys are starting to get into it.
It's the same guy. No way. Homo Jones. Well, here's one that says George always says it's just one guy doing the hate mail about him.
Let's just say it's he's off by about a hundred. Uh huh. Says JCP black nights at Jimmy with a number with a number company.
Too bad about that horse on a Friday. Oh, well. I did my best to do my duty. You know, I know. Can't win them all.
Dave Yon says please add Mulligan Tony to the list. Did you ever hear of Mulligan Tony soup? Yeah.
As chef and founding member of the soup guys, I can tell you it is superb. I've made soup for the past two years at the Danubeach relay for life.
I've sold many bowls and this is hands down the winner. It was also a feature in the infamous side field soup Nazi episode.
I won't be participating in the relay event this year, though. There were such a holes last year because we were drinking wine at the event.
Here's some other favorites I've made. Lam's stew and Swiss charred chicken shrimp and and do we gumbo?
Chili, which is portly and chocolate. Oh, parking to Matt, Tomatio stew and Mulligan Tony soup.
By the way, Mulligan Tony is a curry flavored soup. So you really like it. Yeah, it says Delaware farm chicken and fresh veggies flavored with Indian spices. Curry. Oh, get the bowl.
By the way, you are chickpeas are not mushy. Stop buying the canned cramp and get the dried ones and cook them up. They have a wonderfully firm texture and nutty taste. They suck chickpeas. Oh, God. They're horrible.
And I don't care what anybody says, including this may have money that they would argue with me when you're the one that was ripping into them.
They're mushy. I don't like chickpeas. Okay, and a salad and a soup and anything. I don't like them. I mean, I don't hate them. I'm not going to like spit it out. So to speak. You might. Oh, not another poll suggestion. Oh, the reason George is you're right.
Since one or two people just nothing else to do. You're the target. You're a remote Jones. Yeah. Stop.
The reason George is such a grumpy bitches jealous of Niels talent jealous of Niels pay check ran out of weed. We'll fell off the roller skate can't get the free car. Can't get laid. He short all of the above. Yeah.
Yours the honorable and esteemed the bag Chris Esquire. Oh, God.
Is this this guy? Oh, here's the guy with this is your wimp. Yeah, you're uncoordinated North. Okay, great. No one. No basis for that whatsoever.
John James is back. It's you against the world today. Yeah, can someone stuff. George's faith was so. Oh, I'm not read. Yeah. I'm says is right.
Just like the ones that rip me an ass. Oh, and on Friday, remember a fan returning soon. I can't wait for a fan to come back. Not a fan. Remember that call. Yep.
Now, what was the situation with that phone with the technical did nothing. I'm going to try to get into that. I got a whole pile of emails. We never figured out what we weren't. Didn't. We straight it out by accident. Eventually. No, I did. Yeah, I mean, I got him on here, but, but they didn't sound good though. We don't know.
I mean, who wants to hear? I'm your friend. Who wants to hear that? Unless it's nice and clear. Right. Unless it's nice and queer. You want to try and experiment again? No. Okay. Well, you're trying to sucker me into doing the phone again. Don't take out on me. Your frustration with all these emails that are being with nasty. I don't care what that guy. These are probably Arizona fans. Sure.
These people are probably pissed off because the steals didn't cover. I don't know what the spread was, but it sure as hell wasn't whatever wound up.
What it went up 27 24. So I've had like whatever the hell it was. Whatever it was, it was and whatever it is. It ain't. Did he tuck it? Did he cock it? Did he test? Did he that screw it? How come they didn't play this is what cracks me up about football?
Other sports as well, but football especially. How come they didn't try all the things they did in the fourth quarter? How come they didn't do them the first three quarters? That's what I'd like to know.
When they were marching up and down the field like there was nobody else on there was nobody out there. Bad coaching, I say kick that field goal at the end of half, go in a locker room, tie to 10.
10 points swing. None of the mavens talked about that. None of the experts on there, which they have so many. If somebody doesn't shove a roller skating bob caustism off pretty soon, I'm going to be pretty parked off about it. He just makes me nauseous. He is such a twerk.
Oh, we got a new fake. We got cousin, Lucy. That must be Johnny dark. You think? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. He even wrote out. Yeah.
Uncle Neil springsteen is a fairly good lyricist and decent songwriter, but he can't perform for crap. In other words, he's just like his idle Bob Dylan. They can both code take a flying leap. Maybe they'll have Dylan do the halftime show next year in Miami. Or maybe they'll let glory as Stefan do it. He has no boobs anyway. So if there's a wardrobe malfunction, nobody would notice.
Canis must match it anyway. Here's to the wingland winning their fourth Super Bowl next year on Miami's turf, just to rub it in the noses of dolphin but holes even more, especially after the dolphins go to and 14 next year.
Son cousin, Lucy, AKA Johnny, Dork for sure. For sure. Positive. Yeah. Who else would. Yeah. Right. Right. Remember those days at IOD. Oh, yeah.
Tell George it's not hundreds, but thousands who hate him. All 30 people are off his can stand in my cousin. Yeah.
Told me that he was an a whole when he knew him in Libby. Right. Is that in Montana? That is. But of course I've spoken about that at length. So. And it signed Faisal. Some terrorist raghead. Yeah.
Oh, here. Pedro says you never put this pull up. How much credit card did you have? That's right. Cause I deleted it then I just deleted it again. It's boring. Wow. How much credit card did you have? Who cares? Your favorite number. Yeah. Pick it up. Between one and a billion.
Rosemary says I like George. Okay. But it seems to me. He is so bored with the show. Didn't you? Can I read this? All right. That was down 67. By the way. Thanks.
Please seem to have had a good connection with you. It was enjoyable. Listen to two of you. It's been a long time listener. But most honestly said, I don't listen when George is on. Well, George is on right now. And you're listening.
Lauren says, soup. A good clam chowder is the best soup. There is. Well, that's your opinion. I like it when people state their opinions as fact. You know. So I'll say a great French onion soup is the best soup. There is. Okay. That's my opinion. I'm not my Disney. I'll say a great lobster.
The best soup is the best soup. There is. The two best ever had in a place called barnacle and marble had mass and the other place called. Old world in East Lansing.
You can almost eat it with a fork serve with a good dark bread. And finally, what is Italian wedding soup? Italian wedding soup is a little like a chicken soup with little meatballs and stuff in it. Right.
I think there's a barley and different things different people make it. Yeah, like maybe little noodles, you know, like. Right.
It's like chicken noodle with little meatballs. That's tiny little balls. That's a tiny wedding soup. That's some last week.
Nuts and that you're commenting on George's size and sports as a shortman myself. Non short guys tend to think that high translates into not liking sports.
Not liking to observe other people play sports is more likely I'd rather play a game pick up football or something than watch the Super Bowl.
How does any NFL team winning or losing impact my life? At least when I'm playing the game myself, I'm having fun and getting some exercise.
So that fat tub of large who knows so much about George go get another bag of cheeto chips at a six pack. If you can lift yourself out of your lazy boy.
I was active all weekend long. Thank you. My nine year old son and I watched the boss at halftime. I some looked at me and asked me why the guy was so popular.
He sounds like he's always clearing his throat. That's right. That's a great line. Even nine year olds know the boss blows.
Oh, no, you're looking to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. I'm some sort of.
I'm going to play it later.
560 Q a n.
The biggest name is the best talent. Mark Whipple. Here's a new theme song.
Break it. Mom is back. Do you live with it? Do you live with it?
When the offense isn't moving corner backs. Make it to safe. Take it out.
Welcome to town, my man. And I just want to let you know the last two offensive coordinators for the university Miami of sock.
We're depending on you, Mark. You got some players down there. Get the pass of chance.
When I'm in the long.
You miss my day.
You miss my day.
Get it into shape. Shake it up. Get it straight. Go for it. Move ahead.
These are all the things we want on our offense.
Whoa.
The big dog, Joe Rose.
Yeah.
All right.
Day morning, six to 10. You're on sports radio. 560 Q a m.
And just sitting around the house. We're not much to do.
I got Neil Rogers on the radio and. Hey, what do you know there?
It's said, what do you call it there? 12 to 1 hour.
Hey, it's a creepy looking guy with the microphone strapped to his head for everybody's favorite late night infomercial.
That's right. It's time for another plug for scam. Wow.
Scam Wow is more than just a towel. Yeah, it's a towel. We charge it 25 bucks for.
But seriously, the new and Bruce scam. Wow can do so many things.
It can clean up spills. It can soak up blood stains when your old lady gets on your last nerve.
And believe me, I know.
And scam oil can also remove grass-stained polish your trailer hitch.
Pure homosexuality and clean up your presidential legacy.
Isn't that right? George W. Bush.
Yeah, I'd like to scrub away the war and Iraq the economy and that torture.
And we've done it. Get more.
And no problem. But that's going to take a whole case of scam. Wow.
Mission accomplished. There you go. Another satisfied scam. Wow.
Customer and if you order now, we'll throw in his second scam. Wow.
Got to remove him, or I'd end cure cancer. Take it from the creepy looking guy with the microphone strapped to his head.
If you can't trust me, who can you trust? All scam. Wow claims are completely fabricated.
Ever scam. Wow. It's made in China and covered in toxic lid paint.
Are you going to tell me that you still haven't seen the Sham well guy?
Oh, I've seen the Sham well guy. Oh.
You know, the Germans make good crap. Do they?
That's what the Sham well guy says. You'll just say wow.
Okay. I don't know. It sells itself. Wow.
Bravo. Two at five sixty WM. Here's the I change the pole. All right.
We got nine hundred three votes. Once we got to nine hundred move on.
What's your favorite soup? Clam or seafood chowder one eighty four French onion one sixty two.
Chicken noodle seventy four WTF fifty six P soup fifty five. Oh my god.
P soup.
Monster ball spelled wrong fifty gumbo forty eight.
Now gumbo what what does that mean? Isn't there like chicken gumbo and seafood gumbo?
I write mumbo gumbo. Van Lingo mumbo. Right Van Lingo. Mungo.
Lobster best thirty nine tomato thirty four beef barley twenty nine.
Cream a broccoli twenty eight corn chowder twenty six.
Cream a mushroom twenty five. I hate soup twenty five.
Black bean nineteen. Ooh shrimp is fourteen butter not squash.
Bisc. Ooh fourteen. Italian wedding soup six pasta fajoli for five pasta fajoules potato soup from the field five.
Mm hmm.
Minestrone for lentil only one vegetable none.
We finally put lentil on there for that one guy.
Oh you left it off and it wanted to catch up now.
Yeah I got one vote and probably from the guy that sent the email.
Lentil tastes exactly like what it looks like okay.
Yeah.
There we are.
Yeah just like that.
That's what it looks like and I'm sure that I wouldn't I wouldn't touch that with your mouth.
It's mushy like guilty that guy that says I got Leo with all your upset because you can't have him.
I wouldn't touch guilty with your tongue okay Leo.
I'm sure Leo would.
Barry says George is not an a hole he's probably a regular guy but he's terrible on the radio.
I never listen to him when he is on and every person I know who listens to Neil thinks George is terrible.
It's terrible.
Yep.
You're terrible George.
I'm going to go cry and.
I guess you're right they have a meeting and they decide what the agenda is going to be for the day for the show.
Almost Jones it is this is their life.
Yeah I have no life.
One I agree springsteen sucks to funny thing about George when he agrees with you or doesn't care he shrugs or agrees in one word.
Yeah but hit him where it hurts and he won't shut up.
Oh yeah.
Neil can't you see here and feel the difference between George and flee from last week.
I honestly think you should consider flee not just for your show and if I'll in for you but maybe just maybe to use him as a wedge to possibly get another non sports show down the pike says Andrew.
Who hates you like poison.
Yeah.
And you won't shut up.
Nope.
So I accused Lee of going after your job and he says you know you make more money than he does.
He's a good guy he was just in here we were just doing what he was microwaving the back.
That's right he's microwaving the suit in our microwave over here.
He's a good guy I like Lee.
Yeah I like him just fine he's not going to be on the show and you know all that they could put anybody in there that we've always said this.
Sure.
Anybody in there for one day oh a different trained monkey a different voice a different person.
Yeah.
How many times.
Joe says why do you suppose they brought that loser Matt Millen back to TV he proved he's incompetent picking winners with his dismal record at Detroit.
This would be akin to having George W. Bush be a political analyst says Joe well.
You know why they have all those dumb ex jocks on there because they're all great broadcasters and that's what us people want to hear said that one jerk in the beginning of the show.
Yeah sure.
Want to hear a bunch of illiterate goofballs like Shannon.
Hey Shannon.
And not only can he speak but to look at him is enough to make you want to just uptuck for years not for days not for hours for years.
Here's the new poll what decade the South Florida become a crappy praise to live in.
This is Brandon's fool by the way 24 votes 80s 9 1990s 5 there's nothing wrong with South Florida 3 2,000s 3 70s 2 50s 2 and the 60s none.
The decade that South Florida became a crappy place to live in.
Got it got it.
Former priest accused of possessing a child porn.
And the type on this story Douglas thank you for the story before the type is so tiny.
You could use.
Magnivision reading lenses worst winery when we need them right over here.
A former Catholic priest faces up to 10 years in prison if he's convicted on charges of possession of child pornography.
Kenneth Hasselbach 68 was arrested Friday after the FBI learned that he downloaded several pornographic images of young boys during their ongoing investigation.
During questioning CBS 4 or there we go with that again channel 4 news partners the herald report Hasselbach not only admitted downloading the images from an email but also having child pornography at what child porn online.
And admitted to having engaged in online chats with 14 and 15 year old boys about their sexual experiences.
A search of Hasselbach's computers allegedly revealed several images of boys under the age of 18 posing nude and engaged in sexual positions.
Brackdom in 1994 Hasselbach was accused of molesting a 12 year old boy when he was preached at our lady of Mount Carmel and patchhog in New York.
He moved to South Florida.
Oh he was moved to South Florida by the Catholic diocese.
He went to move more on.
Let him let some other kids down there and over here and over there and over there.
Brackdom over for sure.
How unusual huh?
Oh yeah.
Another isolated incident.
They do add up.
Speaking of the father, stand the man lead the living legend creator of the Fantastic Four and Spider-Man will produce a series hero for showtime following life of a gay superhero.
The concept is based on the book hero by Perry Moore which features a high school age second generation superhuman whose powers are manifesting as he comes to terms with the sexuality.
Boy if he comes into the room I would really cover my big time you know what I'm saying?
Depend on this power.
Oh boy.
The deal to develop the series under the showtime banner is a testament to the cable networks desire to become innovative.
Showtime produces dexter weeds and the L word.
While he's still has some work on behalf of Marvel comics he's continued to be a creative force on his own for who wants to be a zero superhero on sci-fi.
The story of which focuses on up and up and coming superhero star of the ideas I secret identities is based on the book hero by Perry Moore.
They just said that more is pending the script and also executive producing along with Hunter Hill.
The comic book may have been as in development of several features for Paramount including Thor the first Avenger Captain America and a sequel last summer's Iron Man.
Well good good a good a good a gum drop just when we need you say yeah superhero why not probably looks like Leo.
Oh I don't mean Leo that's in love with the.
Oh, I mean you with the caprio what I said Leo the Martian.
Are you mumbling again are you starting it?
Yeah that's it I'm mumbling.
Pick on George today it's pick on George Monday.
Yeah as if this is what they decided that they're meeting.
Maybe over the weekend.
I had a great weekend except for losing my ass a wood by yesterday.
I mean bad.
I'm amazed you don't have wonton soup on your fine pole.
That's a good point.
More of it's consumed and chicken soup and a kosher restaurant says Paul from Boyton Beach.
Wonton soup well I'd pull's already gone so sorry.
I'll let me put it on there anyway.
How's that just put it on there anyway even though it's gone.
Oh my god we just got through doing this Paul I think will be interesting to see how the e-mailers and others think they contribute to the show.
Here's the question with a few options feel free to manipulate either as you please.
When I call in or email Neil it's usually to agree with him disagree with him help him program the show reminisce a bust his balls call somebody a D bag required like that.
We just got through doing one like that then we yes very similar just got through doing it thanks anyway Paul.
George is fine on the radio says oh and I enjoy when he's on there you go there's one for little George.
I actually wrote that under fake e-mail.
I believe it.
Dear Neil have a poll suggestion the following do you believe which of the following do you believe mostly exists likely bigfoot God E.T.
Mothman Nessie champ pig boy etc. I saw a bigfoot in Alabama 1963 when I was six years old.
Ten days until I go to jail.
Needle Gods is somebody.
Well good have a good time in here when in doubt work it out.
Oh wait a year this hey guys loyal seven ninety list of what I switched over to your show from 10 to 2 about two months ago.
I stream the show at work you do ever consider playing funny past show moments for your web list is during the breaks no we did not and will not.
The masters producer does that and it's cool and some of the other guys at the seven ninety are starting to do the same well good for them.
It beats hearing Joe Rose Pimp nature be it says regards Mike Buck sounds to me like somebody from across the street who only wishes that they could Pimp nature be.
I guess no loser loser.
I'm 60 QAM.
The you.
Oh.
He's on the.
Oh.
Get out of the street.
Don't care.
It's not just about.
I'm going to be.
I'm not.
I'm not crying.
I'm crying.
I want to.
I want to.
I want to.
I want to.
I want to.
Tell everyone.
Love quiet number nine.
Oh, your life.
Don't let us know.
But it's night.
I can't spend our.
Well, I thought him on the old pretend official saying he is a man.
But to me he looks like a mom
I wanna get things done
I'm only seven DY my king
That Reverend Wright
He must be crazy
We made record profits once again
Really all I am companies
Taking all your money
More profit, more gas
Price is gold, keep selling gold in it
For gold, high gold
Higher and higher, higher, I had enough
Yeah, he goes
Done with the game
But that is one game
So it's good fight and tag
For the rest of the chores
Of the gather and the stands of winning
Perfect for profit, perfect for profit and the chest
Hey! Breast you're a future hall of fame
But now you're on a team
That could not be any labor
For the winner
Michael Bell
The man in the swimming capri
We ain't over love, but rather the dance
When you speak it's a huge event
I picked a girl from Alaska, Governor Sarah Payton
Are you ready for the debate?
What's the pretty little reporter?
Yeah, we got McCain and Obama
So they're gonna get this thing started
Over down, down, down, down, down
And no consumer price is not slippin'
I said from very big places to it
So we drop and down, high price goes for the kids to it
It's just a bell, it's the bell I'll build
And they're debating it on Capitol Hill
Baby, baby, oh, change going to jail
All right, for the robbery and that is the verdict
We got a meal, I got a doctor
I'm Joe the Plumber, a hard worker
Don't drive a homer, we're the big three
We're the big three
Chrysler GM, Chrysler GM
We are the jersew, full our private jets
And then said we're the poor, we're the poor ones
Well, it's better right now, it used to be high
You've got a big smile, I'm telling you why
The price of gas is coming way down
George had to duck some footwear
During that farewell speech
A couple size 10 win flying
They came up at a racky speed
We'll win on up, win on up
Still the white high
Kick, no way for the kids right out
Moving on up, moving on up
Still the white high
And moving in with no money down
You're fairing
Oh my God, one of the greatest TV show themes of all time
Haven't done that in a long time, about two months
Nope, TV show themes
We could do that regularly
We want?
We could do that regularly
Yeah, like once a week would be good
I do love that, moving on up
The Jefferson's was to me, one of the great shows
Tom Jekket didn't like it by the way, thought it was like
had racial overtones
Maybe it did
Too bad
And still
Still was great
I think that was the idea
Oh
Is that why there were all those dark folks on the show?
Coincidence
And that interracial marriage
And all of these things
All of these things
Well, I still liked it, I loved it, I didn't like it, I loved it
Moving on up, but anyway
Most of those people are dead, aren't they?
Yeah, a lot of them
The neighbors, the willesses
I think so
I don't know
The fact guy, he's dead
And what about the bed?
He just died like last year, something like that
Mr. Bentley died, oh my God, send that pasty
Breadback where he came from
He was funny
He was good, everybody on that show was good
What was the Florence, was that the maid?
Yes
She was great
Yes
And Weezy
A little bit, yes, thank you
And then that queen
Gage, George Jefferson
What does his name?
Sherman Helmysley
Sherman Helmysley
Helmysley is here lately, on a Hemsley?
I don't know
I get those two confused
Harry says Harry was about 400 years old
Harry in the Sunniows beach
What is all that hate George about?
He does a great job all summer
He gets better ratings than any of the sports shows
Which proves he has an audience
He's no need but no one else is either thank God
His shows are always entertaining
Obviously, he has a good following
Because he gets intelligent calls from real people
Not the A-holes who call whenever Neil tries to get his audience involved
That's right, George gets the intellectual call
I get the drugs
I'm your friend, I'm your friend
They're all set of calls
What?
The ones that you get?
Yeah, I pay people
I'm sure that
I'm sure Jerks probably gave you
That's right
George, keep up the good work and Neil, thanks for recognizing
George's valuable contributions to his Harry and SIB
Thanks Harry
Give it a rest, Terry
It's Harry's 80th email today
And that's just second or third
Well, it's good good that somebody's kissing your ass
No, we want flee on there
flee is really great
And the interact can't you hear?
Yeah, I hear that
I like flee a lot, he's a good guy
But his voice is like
A little bit like
Almost like that
Nobody can
No, you beat me to it
I was just right
I was on it
Yeah, nobody can shriek
Like the chic
That's true
See, going back to that Leo guy with his obsession with Geltie
There are people who have a voice for broadcasting
And there are people who just
Don't
Don't
And never will
Even if you were a good guy, you'd take Geltie under your wing
And the massage is thick
That thing
Well, I mean
I wasn't really all that gay until now
I had to do something with kids, you know
Get in
Put on this gymnastics uniform
You know
Oh, man
Now, who's this guy with C Steve Nichol?
That is correct
Neil, without the drops, was the quote
Right
Yeah, Steve Nichol must open that drawer one extra time
Before he heard that
Turned
Or there was a drawer I'm talking about
Dude, it was a magic drawer
Yeah, the magic drawer with that magic stuff inside
Oh, yeah
Pixie
Oh, all these polls, my god
Hey, don't knock on
No, I'm sorry, I'm going to get a good one eventually, right?
What is the worst thing you've seen parents do?
Oh, surely, this is the second time you're sending me this surely
And I deleted it the first time we love you surely, but enough
Oh no, she said it only once, I'm sorry, I just deleted it
That's the lady that boy is the ticket of Gulfstream
Yes, very nice lady
She's a very nice lady
She was
But her polls
Races, I heard there was an empty seat at the Super Bowl yesterday
A man was sitting alone with an empty seat next to him
Everyone around took notice of the empty seat
Finally, halfway through the first quarter
Someone had to ask a guy sitting behind the empty seat asked the man
What's with the empty seat?
Oh, I hope this isn't a joke, it sounds like a joke
The guy said it was his wife's seat
He said that every year since the first Super Bowl
The two of them attended a Super Bowl together, but now she's dead
After a few minutes, the guy said that was very sad
But certainly the man must have a family member afraid of wanting to go to Super Bowl with him
The man said, you think, but they're all the funeral
R-R-R
Oh, God, you called it
Oh, now you know what we don't do
All of that joke the other day, that old one, it was pretty good
I forget what it was, the one's cute
The one?
I said every once in a while, you know
I said every once in a while, you know, I don't think I'm afraid them, you know, that might be a good idea
But to show the lack of material the audience out there, the general population has in South Florida
One personal ascended joke, remember the beginning when we started doing the emails
Somebody sent a joke and I read it and it was pretty good
And then all of a sudden, like, 8 million jokes
Ah-ha, like today
Somebody rips Georgia and asks whatever his name is
And now all of a sudden we got like 4,000, we hate Georgia emails
Keep them coming
Oh yeah, keep all the crap coming man, we love it
And believe you me when I tell you it kills a good time
Not that we have an hour and a half to go to get paid the same
Now we're really doing that thing at 2 o'clock because I'm just, I don't know
Shouldn't have picked, that was my bad, they asked me to pick a day
That's right
I picked a day after the Super Bowl
I'm sure it'll be short and painless
You think so?
How much is there to talk about really?
Nothing!
So all the show get Georgia a card deal
See ya
Oh right, right away get Georgia a card deal
I mean, that was the second thing I said
Sell the show, promote the show
Yeah
Respect the show, get that crisp back on the show
When you move down to the new building make sure that the stuff really works as opposed to this half-ass jury rigged piece of crap we got right now
Oh well, a judge can't put the calls on from the studio and blah blah blah blah blah and all the other things
They just as soon as they had a chance to take that fat bastard off the show they shoved him in there in the overnight
As opposed to hiring an additional employee
Right
I don't see why they just don't automate the overnight the SPN crap
Can't they do that?
I think they still have to have a human body here, I'm not sure how that works
Why is that?
I've CC rules and regulations, I'm not sure, don't they have to have an operator?
Operator?
I mean, but that's a good idea they could have the like the power 96 person come over here and you know fill that water thing
Yeah, that's right
And make up the transmitter reading
I don't know about you but when I used to work at things right
I think your talking Chris out of a job is what you're doing
No, I'm not!
We want a back!
Don't you want a back?
I do
I do
I like Chris
I mean like today after the Super Bowl can I talk to you about the Super Bowl?
I mean most things in the world you're certainly more worldly and more knowledgeable than that fat tub of lard
But generally speaking anything that has to do with our connection to the sports world I even flee
Even flee right?
Was a little helpful on that not real helpful but a little you know
I want to bang in the butt honey
Any smartphone can make calls surf the web, email and take pictures
However, only one can tell you what you did last night
Introducing Blackout Berry
Oh God, oh I'm so hungover
Where am I?
Wait, this isn't my apartment
Just a touch of a butt and Blackout Berry fills you in on all the sorted details
Complete with sound and video
Dancing on the tables?
How did that guy get me to go off?
Oh no no no not the geeky guy
Oh no I didn't kiss him
Oh
A dick more than that?
We are
Care yourself for a storm of embarrassment with a bold new approach to remembering what you'd rather forget Blackout Berry
Blackout Berry
It's a 1233-560 WQAM
Mark says, Neil I'm not sure if you saw the story about Comcast and Tucson
I'm hearing 30 seconds of porn during the telecast
I don't know you don't like links or I'll leave it to George to find it for you
So I don't like the time you just took a few minutes to go you read that?
Why?
Would not like just 10 minutes to go you read that?
Yeah, just a few minutes ago I read that
Within the last hour anyway
Well Mark maybe just tuned in you don't know
He means well he's trying
And we're dying
Casey says, enjoying the soup conversation
The Olympia-flamed diner on US one in Deerfield does a lemon chicken soup on the weekends it's my favorite
Lemon chicken soup that sounds pretty good
That does actually
A good chicken soup and a pile of saltine crackers like us like this
I have it no saltine crackers for me thank you all that extra salt and all those carbs
God
George is fine on the radio I take him over cash your no balls and old Ron or Jimmy Cifalus any day of the week
How do you like that Jimmy Cifalus?
Thank you idiot
You're fairy
So how can we don't hear any more news about what's going on over there or what's going on over here?
What's the deal with two to four?
How long is rock solid?
Are we going to be settled with that? I mean the big old two to four this afternoon
That's right. You sure catch that? What?
That's right. Maybe we can ask that during that on the phone meeting today
Go ready. When that helps something going to happen to something we're going to put something good on here
As opposed to all of jolly Joe's buddies like Kenny Walker the Kenny and blow morning show
He'll run out of buddies eventually. Oh, I don't think so he seems to have an never-ending lineup
Old buddies like even the
Oh my god. Oh my god. We find out worked over there in Fort Myers somewhere
I
I mean is that is that a joke or what?
Hey, we got nothing to brag about in this town
No, I'm not talking about the quality but I'm just saying the idea that they worked in Fort Myers
Is that make them radio people? No, it makes them beasley people
Ah, I see all the more reason why they're not radio people
Karney says Shamwau guy has got a new product the slap shop
It's so funny. Neil I know you don't like links but Google it sometime he's out of F and control
The slap shop
Georgia's demand stopped making a hate array to everybody since current hate array
I love it. Well they had a bunch of it left over from a single Sunday so they're just
Sucking down the hate array
Shamwau guy
He is strange. He is really weird. I don't think he's of this plan
It's your attention though. Oh, yeah, he sure does
You'll say wow
Shamwau
Never less. What is it like 50 bucks for a towel?
I don't know. And then of course he brings out the paper towels
Here I spend a hundred bucks a month on these anyways so why not you know
You spend a hundred bucks on paper towels
I mean you got a whole family you know I bet you don't spend anywhere near
I don't know. He probably don't spend 20 bucks a month on paper towels
I don't keep track of that I'm sorry. Well start keeping track and you can call up the shamwau guy and give him a bunch of crap
Sure how much of you are to all those e-mailers get when you craft
Oh George now I was one of those pansies that was always picked last for you know
Okay, in gym class for basketball and whatever one nothing wrong with that
I just didn't happen to be one of the well I was
I was like
Yeah, yeah pansy
And I scored a few baskets during those basketball encounters whatever the hell you'd call them
They were games but whatever
Just gonna task it I could really stuff it into basket
I heard basketball too
Mm-hmm. Here's one that says I'm really torn as to which sidekick are like better
Lee or George on one hand there is Lee whose contributions I enjoy and he seems like a good dude
His voice however so damn squeaky I'm convinced he there is balls are locked in advice or the heavier to drop
He makes guilty sound like Isaac Hayes
George on the other hand has a better radio voice I agree with him on most things
But his feigned arrogance can be obnoxious
Oh it's a big
I suppose it's due to his obvious Napoleon complex
I'll not that you give a rat's ass about my opinion nor should you but there it is
Yours truly the honorable and esteemed D-bag Chris
PS Blackway of it and Pavelin in 2012 an unbeatable ticket
Ha ha. So there you go there's that
Yeah
Little did we know
When free came on that he was a what a trying free agent
Hey, why should he the only one be the only one not to try
Tom jicca top 50 sports casters and arguments starter
And Tom just totally no mention of Pittsburgh legend Bob Prince of the Great Harry Curie
That's because they weren't networking out to his time
He suckered me into that when I read that article his and then went down that list
Tony Kubak. Oh my god
Oh
Says Kubak style might have fashion trend of color commentators that included the ex players who followed
Like Jim Palmer with the magic underwear
Tim Macarver and Jim cat kitty
Oh
And how could we forget speaking of unacceptable
Jocks
Who's that it is that does the White Sox games him asking you
Oh that guy
Oh he put it on the board
Yes! Oh he is the worst
The absolute worst what else is name I can't think of it another dumb ex joc horrible
You can put it on the board yes!
No
How can I see I had a brain fart on that and our Chris wouldn't know it either so don't feel bad
All right I won't don't feel inadequate that you're not a sports nerd OG
I could look it up but somebody somebody will immediately email it in
See one thing we don't figure about on the emails is the delay
Holy Schmidt Niel I can't believe you read my email
I think the funny breaks for your online fads would be a big plus oh this is the uh
Clown allegedly for across the street fans like me like your show but typically this like five sixty
What do you say I say uh write us down
Michael Hartman, Merritt Yachtbrokers
This is the guy who allegedly has got something to do with across the street
For a lot of day I can't believe you read well why not what a child
Oh my god Niel read my email I'm gonna go home and do the squats all day
Oh Niel!
It's Goldie I forgot my phone
Oh
24 QM Ken Harrelson the hawk the white socks announcer what are the all-time worst and another classic example of how X-Jocks are dumb
They're illiterate they shouldn't be broadcasting ball games and that John Idiot there with no last name was said that fake email in the beginning of the show
Beautiful a crap oh no they have insight yeah insight my ass
Oh did that have to use a light yeah search party scope
Hawk Harrelson WGN and FSN Chicago for the boring white socks it says terminal fake enthusiasm no roxy for sure
Who else roxy I don't know roxy rooker keep up the chuckles and George presents killer shows in your absence keep up the great work Jim
Thanks Jim Mike Lang detailed broadcast his voice genius enthusiasm my favorite
And Mike Lang is great and he got screwed stabbed in the back by his former partner stagger wall there who's horrible
So they demoted Mike to radio and stagger wall to do in the TV for the penguins my stagger wall backstabber
Always look out just like flea think he's a good guy now just wait
He wants that job that's fine
Brandon says it's George won't do it I think I'll have to go to lunch one day this week at five guys give you a first hand report
Well least there's somebody we know and we can trust I think maybe he makes the big bugs one Brandon Brandon he's manager in his office I don't know how much he's going to make it probably doesn't have a family and kids either
No he does not I think he's got a girlfriend and a boyfriend but other than that I guess that's kind of tough when you're by you know you probably have to have one of each hanging around I wouldn't call it tough
Besides I'm sick and tired of all the crap there isn't downtown for a lot of else is Brandon so he's got he's got to be our spy reporter for five guys way to go
And fries what I said wait to go can the hawk here else and I got about four of those total idiot thank you
Total idiot doesn't come close to describing he is embarrassing and grotesque put it on the board yes he just just a home or I mean nothing
I would be in a home or if you're a broadcaster as well he is a home or without being a broadcaster you know I mean he's just a shatter
Boy several several can of her else and emails good
142 votes on the new poll that means we did over a thousand for the two oh yeah
We're going to do over 1100 all told who the hell needs that fat tub Chris anyway so so what's the story is he going to be doing the stories in March
I mean I realize it's only February the 2th March is coming up pretty quickly you know he's a short month
Sun is shining I think this weekend it's going to be in plus territory yesterday it was plus four 40 degrees here heat wave
I put on my bathing suit and I ran outside naked and swimming around in the snowbags not wow
And now it's all the way up to minus one it's going to be zero today 32 oh we're having a heat wave like an astray do you see that people are dying
Yeah not that there's any such thing as global warming you understand it's a myth
myth like myth America yes 145 votes on the poll what decade did South Florida become a crappy place to live in the 80s 55 the 90s 36
There's nothing wrong with South Florida 22 right those are people that just moved in 70s 14 the 2013 the 50s 4 and the 60s only one
I guess the 60s were pretty good just about no matter where you live unless you got to like 67 when all the riding started like in my life
Detroit and Watts like Watts up I'll take your word for it where were you in 67 Cuba you were three years old I was more than 64 oh my God
God are you older what I was for that's when I came here pretty soon you know by the time we finish with a show if I live that long you're going to be 50
50 yeah you should live so long not not with the kind of not with the kind of lifestyle that you live that's why you're always sick
right any blames it on the on the wife and the kids and the dog you know whatever you say everybody in the family sick and I couldn't avoid it and blah blah blah you're sick because of your
decade in lifestyle that's it whatever you say Bob says except for George whose voice is quite distinctive everybody else who was
helped on your show the past five few years all around the all sound the same since the days of being a boy
anyway when you were George is on vacation and two guys are on the show I can never tell who's who it was as if the station kept guys starting in radio
or production who all had the same pitch and speaking pattern to their voice is that occurred to anyone else is Bob no never
occurred to me did it occur to you it's actually just the same person under a lot of different that's right it's just like the emails it's just one person using a bunch of names
free is really Josh Cordis and really fat Chris and you know like that it's the same guy don't tell me we're going to start running out of emails now yeah they're done all this is pretty good they
curated almost to one o'clock today aren't you proud I am as a bunch no actually I have a pile here I didn't realize it oh no this is not what this is no this is pile of crap
oh this is that top 50 sports announcers crap from Tom juk and Dave Helberstein I can't believe Tom juk and well yeah it's easy to get stuck
I didn't on that but it's network announcers for quite a lot and yet we can argue about them all day long because there's some real crap burgers on that list
how be and let me ask you this how do you determine what what's the difference between number 11 and number 12 good point like for example when we asked before about the favorite soups what are your 10 favorite soups
is there like a list of criteria and yet to check things off how's your and then what what is the difference between number eight and number nine just a little more
pepper in it you know really put it open yeah oh yeah how about paprika okay oh that that doesn't affect paprika and pepper are the only two things that don't
dissolve in the body they come out exactly the same ways they go in so they go steam rolling through your guy it's just and then they make a
beeline through your oh my god can you imagine the tracks they leave on your inner I wonder when you get a colon
on me which I did have that one uh-huh I wonder if they see like the tracks well I mean all depends on who's they said don't talk to graffiti written on the walls can you imagine the tracks in Tom Cruz's
back home that's a different different kind of track kill Roy was here kill joy but you know what I'm saying all the different kinds of food that have gone
burrowing through there and all hot spices especially Mexicans ooh speaking of that Cliff and Kendall says need I put a bar
bucket next to my couch and watch the trials of 10 Hagger than HBO last night first I've never seen him before he looks like a flaming
screaming queen well that's because he is second he had a poop eating grin on his face the whole time that made me hurl good
thing I had the bucket handy a poop eating grin oh I can't even begin to imagine what kind of a grin that is
can you oh too bad that restaurant critic is dead Peter Clayton he could have probably given us some insights
out of that get the dental floss yeah get the little spoon restaurant critic oh I'm telling you the one
time that Bill called her had him on and I was sticking around you know after midnight and he brought in I'm
trying to think of what kind of food it was in a can yeah was it brown yes and he opened it up and of
course called her and I both knew about his approach to the point we've been told by somebody who knew him well I
started laughing so hard that I I had to hurl myself up against the studio wall so as not to fall down on
the floor and started peeing my pants and had to run to the tea room it was I'm trying to remember what
they were they were nasty looking anyway since they interviewed the male prostitute that outed
to the haggard he was a good looking guy on the downside of his forties it was obviously a picture not a
picture I think I read this tonight sounds familiar actually yeah I read this on Friday but that's okay all
that guy's going to be emailing you back you read an email no he's not can't all the other one yeah you're
ready to read that one too bad too bad so we got I got a couple more things here then we're going to do
one of those one to two hours one of those remember we used to do them on Wednesday those one to two
hours well here's a couple more which would you rather be in without nasty cold weather a hat or gloves
gloves who the hell wears gloves I mean I see some people here wearing gloves up north of the
beach outside for a while pansies what if you have to be outside for a long time gloves yeah I sure
sell them want to be without my tooke right I don't see too many people I mean you know baseball
caps yes but like a real hat who the hell wears a hat anymore like a fedora you know right like a top
hat but a tooke everybody's gonna have a tooke in the winter you bet you Paul says the clam
chatter I just farted so bad it must be called a soup talk that I'm just nauseous I just want to
either that or was about that the kaka stuff kaka yeah the clam chatter I had in Maine at the
cliffhouse was the absolute best ever in the world man I love it so much I got the recipe please
make it and you'll never go back love the show and keep smoking mine and it's got the whole menu
here I'm not the whole recipe I'm not doing recipes hickory smoked bacon and butter and onion and
garlic and oh one teaspoon of the cliffhouse spice blend which it tells you how to make that with
about those like a hundred ingredients in here I'm gonna make that you must be crazy like all of
us said I'm a gourmet cook and I'm gonna stand over a hot stove stirring a hundred different
ingredients yeah gourmet Neil the gourmet the gay gourmet there's a show yeah I think he's
already under the gay gourmet you can teach people how to cook with fruit he's been screaming
bald guy that British guy that you can't never think of the name because I don't know him yeah you
know who I'm talking about you tell me that the guy that you watch is always making fun of him he's
an island's man islands when I was reading the other day about Jamaica where how's everything
that's somewhere online about how Jamaica's the most homophobic country in the world
uh I've heard this and I've yes known some Jamaicans and they they confirm it really yeah
in fact understand that every word in Jamaican means you fairy like that
it's a good machine man you fairy yeah wow that's the way it goes also Sri Lanka oh maybe you
tell me what the Tamil tigers are the Tamil tigers correct because evidently there's been a lot of
bloodshed and the murder and stuff in Sri Lanka and over the weekend here there were like uh because
any country you can find in the world we got a whole bunch of them here okay and there were a whole
bunch of Sri Lankans demonstrating and blocking off a couple of the streets and holding up placards
and screaming and yelling and stop the murder and stop the insanity that's another country where
they don't like the uh fangots Sri Lanka
sorry I'm belching are you really well we know you're eating something no all the soup talk maybe
really hungry but all I've got is those nasty well I've got news for you maybe at two o'clock
you can have somebody bring in some food we won't eat it on the air or talk about it and you
can spike it you can do something with it and feed it to all the other people in the meeting
we just got the bell and when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the
pole I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the new Rogers hearing balance one
to two hours meanwhile the democratic race between Barack and Obama and Hillary Clinton still too
close to call we'll have more later that went smoothly yeah no I'm just gonna I'll have to add
live it give me one interesting exit Paul please I'm revenge spray you see 25 today back to you Jan
thanks Maria 617 and health watch this morning doctors in Utah are hoping for a new
new medical breakthrough to solve the problems of attention disorder to behavior with problems with
children attention deficit deficit hyperactivity is a common disorder it affects three out of five kids
or actually three to five percent of the children with let's start to solve over again back it up
and started over I'm lost so I'm doing the first one he's not expecting a big win
and then how is this money and staff situation changed okay and then there's much more cbs news
ahead okay Freddie Giuliani's dead I mean you know what I mean hey Eric did you use the cool shadow
on the snow shot yet the cbs yeah it's so cool I don't think it's okay I think it's so cool
a local man spots something suspicious and that he decides to spring into action he has
done something that is very good wheatland or wheatland wheatland right how do you say that does
anyone know sorry wheatland wheatland wheatland okay oh okay wheatland was constant sausage Cynthia
Cynthia his pretty eyes she's there freaking me out a little
no she looks like a husky you know this weird blue eyes
like huh yeah like I'm not close out
sitting McCain has the most intense eyes they're like light ice blue and she had a purple suit on
and I was I mean they were so intense I was like I couldn't stop staring at her
she was about I was weird thank you all right it's back here Giuliani don't let her go away
this that's what does she have a response to that she's still there what's that the ladies just leave
yeah that's too bad she's back every one yes yes what'd you like to know I would I'd like to know
a response to what the gentleman said the gentleman's very effective spokesperson for the
for the company but obviously the people who live there are not satisfied with his explanation right
what do you want now well if I have to teach you how to be a reporter Ali I'll do that later I
want to do that later Jim but I think the lady expressed herself and you're not here you're there
would is there any question you'd like me to ask her and no I I'll I'll give you lessons on how to
become a reporter I'll give you some lessons and how to be an editor because I was your boss once
yeah if you were and I no longer how that happened I don't know I'm gonna go to the middle
clearly putting a mission accomplished on a aircraft carrier was a mistake for some people
predicting Obama would beat Hillary by 20 points 10 double digits okay obviously some of my rhetoric
has been a mistake nine seven point two magnitude magnitude earthquake rattled Alaska size
and the act of a loose style it was magnitude seven point two it was a very large earthquake
the good thing is there were no media reports many differences
after the break we're gonna interview Eric why had mayor who climbed the highest mountain
in the world Mount Everest but he's gay I mean he's gay excuse me he's blind so we're here about that
okay as we had the break a look at the six there have been disappointments I will grab obviously
with the huge disappointment during the presidency now having weapons of mass destruction
was a significant disappointment I know who likes chocolate our zane burgey loves chocolate one of our
make you this nice melon behind you there that's we check the boogie boogie's out short I don't
appreciate the speculation about non-Runspell he's doing a fine job I strongly supporting what you
say to critics who believe that you're ignoring the advice of retired generals military commanders
who say that there needs to be a change I still listen all voices but minds of final decision
and Don Rumpspelled is doing a fine job I have strong confidence in Don Rumps I hear the voices
but I'm the decider Huckabee he wasn't expecting to win okay and then I'd like to ask her
in South Carolina he should do better I'd rather look ahead to that yeah okay
okay Jen hold on two seconds Rick can you hold on two seconds Jen where's my new
Clinton Obama took those two cards you made me that you put out you condensed the two cards oh
here it is here it is you have to just just titled them okay okay Clinton Obama you know what I mean
okay otherwise it's hard for me to pull them out you know what I mean okay thank you never mind
sorry okay sorry Rick okay
set a bad monitor on top just that curiosity it looks so much better in the one below
so I guess I guess Romney was exuding kind of false confidence right
harcening back to his Olympic experience in South Lake City but will he do well in Michigan
again today is Tuesday right yeah thank you I'm sorry I feel like I'm losing my mind yeah amen
that blow is 107 at 560 WQ I'm waiting for the first email to come and say oh that was really
funny once it twice but don't ever play that again you know like I don't know if I'm going to ever
get tired of that one really I mean there are there's a lot of funny stuff in there but it's only
six minutes and 37 seconds not long enough that's why I like it I know now wait till you hear this
the you think we get stupid ones before like the thing about the porno in the Super Bowl
Matt says Neel are you kind of playing this this was sent a 102 six minutes ago okay
Neel are you kind of playing using my soup pool watch out Charlie that would be two for two
Michigan Matt found a life PSA used to work for the Grand Hotel in Macon,
and they had Swiss cheese soup on the menu one time it was just chicken stock with Swiss cheese
melted in only cheese that'll melt and blend without breaking huge archivalists and no critiques
or complaints here PS Rand Hotel also has lots of Jamaican waiters their man
are you kind of playing using my soup pool that's great that's awesome oh I'm just going to
sit on the floor till two o'clock well take the mic with you now now are they're going to call me
a two right at two or two oh and I presume they'll write it write it to him and it'd be busy for a few
minutes doing what something not joicing okay sure why not again yeah again
as well as in rejoice baby have you ever not done that twice in the same day yeah oh very often
sure so I was thinking about it earlier and then I thought nah I don't know
but I can wait and I'm gonna this was written April 12 2006 in Time magazine the most
homophobic place on earth question mark and I'll give you a hundred guesses but the first 99
don't count what the country it's about oh all right what's gonna say that oh I think I'll do
the break early and because I want to I want to read it and sit in its entirety okay
because I have one thing to say in the it's any homophobic Jamaican you fairy I risked my case
is the story stuck it in and hold it start rejoin number 50 you idiot turns
stop give it up stop and let's have fun oh it's really tough to realize one doesn't call me
my gay gay gay gay gay gay whoo good good gay is a pronto good good gay is a pronto oh
115 at 560 WDQM so mad comes back at us mad for Michigan you know Michigan mad yeah what
is so funny what's the big simmous did you super did you run the soup pull all weekend oops
no I didn't write it all weekend I put it on there yesterday and it was on the
this morning till at least noon and it got a lot of discussion and a lot of votes 902 votes and
that's that mad go away oh I got a life on the new pole guy I got a two for two yeah what mad
is trying to say is I have no line right can you believe that I believe it did it run all weekend
maybe maybe if you'll check our website once in a while you'd find out what that was on there
and I take it back I credited that to Charlie B sorry Charlie and it was mad who did the soup pull
with some really bad spun Matsa M A T Z A Matsa Scott and panelists Park said Joe
my worst announcer Joe Morgan he calls him Joe Migraine
you know maybe he's talking about I don't know maybe it's not Joe Morgan
Joe McGrain I don't know who that is he sucked with the rays alderman homework tried to start
crap with curturing of the red socks was always pathetic an NBC's Olympic baseball coverage
work three Olympics for them also stumped during the postseason on Fox now is with a new majorly
baseball network yesterday were desperate who's Joe McGrain I thought he meant Joe Morgan never
best soup it's a tie he says the B vegetable soup at Denny's and steak and shake a dicking oh
that's because Scott is stuck in Penelope Park I guess I didn't even know steak and shake made soup
do they I guess they do Tim Horton's makes soup never had it
and if the best soup is at Denny's oh wow that says a lot I thought they had good restaurants over there
anyway Tim Paget in Kingston Jamaica right it's the most homophobic place on earth
he says Brian where sunglasses to hide his gray and lifeless left eye damaged he says by
kicks and blows with the board from Jamaican reggae star Buju Bantan Brian 44 is gay and Bantan 32
is an about homophobic whose song boom bye bye decrees that gays happy dead have to die
happy dead in tune 2004 Brian claims Bantan and some toughs first it was house near Bantan's
Kingston recording studio and viciously beat him and five other men after complaints from
international human rights groups Bantan was finally charged last fall but in January a judge
dismissed the case for lack of evidence it was a bitter decision for Brian who lost his landscaping
business after the attack and his fearful of giving his last name I still go to church he says
as he sips the red stripe beer every Sunday I asked why this happened to me though familiar to
Americans primarily as a laid back beach destination Jamaica is hardly idyllic the country is the
world's highest murder rate and its rampant violence against gays and lesbians have prompted
human rights groups to confer another ugly distinction the most homophobic place on earth
in the past two years to the island's most prominent gay activist Brian Williamson and Steve Harvey
have been murdered and a crowd even celebrated over Williamson's mutilated body perhaps most
disturbing many anti gay assaults have been acts of mob violence in 2004 a teen was almost killed
when his father learned his son was gay and invited a group to lynch the boy the school
months later witnesses say police hanged on another mob that stabbed and stole a gay man to death in
Montego Bay and this year a Kingston man Nokia Cohen drowned after a crowd shouting baddie boy a
Jamaican epithet for homosexual chased him off a pier baddie boy baddie boy I say Jamaica is the
worst any of us have ever seen said Rebecca Schliefer of the US based human rights watch author
of a skating report on the islands anti gay hostility Jamaica may be the worst offender but much of
the rest of the Caribbean also has a long history of intense homophobia islands like Barbados still
criminalize homosexuality and some seem to be following Jamaica's more violent example last week
two CBS news producers both Americans were beaten with tyrants by a gay but bashing mob while
vacationing on St Martin one of the victims was Ryan Smith was Airbus to Miami hospital where he
remains an intensive care with a fractured skull this was written 2006 gay rights activists attribute
the scourge of homophobia Jamaica largely to the country's increasingly thuggish reggae music scene
few epitomize this melding of reggae and gangster cultures more than bantan who's one of the nation's
most popular dancehall singers born mark myri he grew up the youngest of 15 children and Kingston salt
lane the story of slum dominated by ultra conservative Christian churches and intensely anti gay
rastopharians bantan parlayed homophobia into a ticket out of salt lane one of his first hits 1992's
boom by by post of shooting gaze with oozee's and burning their skin with acid like an old tire wheel
bantan's lyrics are hardly unique among reggae artists today another popular artist elephant man
on the elbride 29 it clears in one song when you hear a lesbian getting raped it's not our fault two
women in bed that's two satamites who should be dead another bounty killer Rodney price 33
urges listeners to burn mr. Faggity and make him winston agony burn mr. Faggity and make him winston
agree to it don't it yeah reggae's anti gay rhetoric has seeked into the country's politics
to make his major political parties have passed some of the world's toughest anti-satami laws and
regularly incorporate homophobic music in their campaigns the view that results as Jamaican human
rights lawyer Philip Dale is that a homosexual isn't just an undesirable but an unaffirmed criminal
meanwhile gay rights activist say Jamaica police often overlook evidence in anti gay hate crimes
such as the alleged assault by bantan in 2004 his accuser Brian says ex-sized bantan's rule from
their reports of the 2004 beating a police spokesman denies that but in dismissing the case earlier
this year the judge in the trial warned bantan to avoid violence and seek legal recourse when he
has complaints against gays in the future bantan refused times request for an interview his manager
donovan germane insists that the singer is innocent and that banger's lyrics are part of a metaphorical
tradition they're not literal literal call or kill gay men there are some signs that Jamaica may
soften its approach Jamaica's ruling party last month elected the nation's first female prime minister
Porsche Simpson Miller a progressive who gay rights supporters will eventually hope
I move to decriminalize homosexuality you like to have the way I'm reading this so far what it's
great she hasn't yet said that but Jamaica's beleaguered gay say they at least have reached
now to hope their government will change its tune before their reggae stars ever do let's all
go did you make them on and kill some faggot smoke a big fat one and kill some faggot's
I was speaking of that brand and says first off only a girlfriend I don't take guys just play with
them second george is absolutely right since I have my money grabbing girlfriend which I don't have
a problem with her handing a few dollars here in their due okay financially but if I had a family
with a bunch of kids I'm sure trip to five guys could be out of the question even for ballers like
me my money doesn't go as far as it once did I actually dipped into my savings for the first
time in years but something that was for something that was a bit pricey yeah we're all dipping
into our savings maybe we're dipping and dripping well I appreciate him volunteering to be our
correspondent there and thank you pardon since he's more liquid than I am I appreciate that he's
volunteering to go and do the report he's going to go and check it out for us five guys mergers and
fries well I bet you that footy I wish he's either done that soup pull himself man oh he
he might still be on the air but I sure would have put him over the top yeah or maybe Jimmy
syphilis might want to steal it stake in shake has good chili sort of like soup chili is not soup
I think they might have another soup too but I always get the chili says somebody Marty Marley
and scrooge Joe McGrain was a very mediocre catcher for the Cardinals
the mid 80s always not it's not Joe Morgan he pitched in the 87 World Series against the twins
he is okay as a broadcaster oh my god
Brandon says if you didn't see it during the Super Bowl George could even enjoy this and all
Denny's in America is going to do what all Denny's in America is going to give everybody a free
grand slam breakfast Tuesday from a 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. tomorrow there you go really 6 a.m. to 2 p.m.
all that got plenty of time before the show Jess what do you think I just might grand slam it
Joe McGrain I now starting to ring a bell a little bit I think I don't know Joe my grain
he had Joe my green gives me a McGrain not Joe Morgan he's horrible also by the way terrible awful
I think the knob guys at my door yeah the knob getting used to it the knobber really yeah he's
a policy my not a sensitive is used to be kind of like Wayne Gritzky likes to polish his knob yeah does he
use a little bit on his what his nose or his nose like it good morning American to its Paul Harvay
stand by for news Frankie was driving home and was pulled over by a police officer for a broken
tail light the cop looked into Frankie's car and saw a collection of knives in the back seat
sir the officer inquires why do you have all those knives and Frankie replies well therefore my
juggling act I'm afraid I don't believe you says the officer you need to prove it
so Frankie gets out of his car and begins juggling the knives at the same time another car with
Joe and Steve inside drives by man said Joe I'm glad I quit drinking these new sobriety tests are
hard out page two Nicole sat on a plane heading for New York when the pilot announced that because
of difficulties with the plane's engines he was going to make an emergency landing
Nicole fearing this may be the end of her life looks over to a man sitting next to her and
rips her shirt and brow off and throws herself upon him make me feel like a woman again she screens
so the man rips his shirt and pants off and says here iron these Paul Harvay
good day 135 60 WQAM that was mildly amusing old but cute yeah very old and mildly cute
so there's one question I'd like to ask you like it maybe I do here's the pull results so far
226 votes now what do we get out of 902 on the first one we're 1100 plus votes today
whoo and of course it was Matt with that soup pull I really turn the audience on its tail
right them what what are you going to use that pull I don't know maybe I'll use it over the weekend
what decade did South Florida become a crappy place in which to live
1980s 82 wasn't that the decade of the Mariel Bolif yes yes I see 1990s 61 there's nothing wrong
with South Florida 37 16.3% of you have the audacity to say that
2000s 23 shouldn't we add on this pull I don't live in South Florida good idea don't live there
2000s this decade 23 1970s 15 56 and the 1960s Solomentade dose out of 226 yeah if you add on
there don't live there in like another couple of votes just did another few so what about that
Michael Phelps man bad role model for your kids smoking the Agonja I'm so sick of these goody
two shoes in the media who are crawling around on their hands in these stone on every loosenage
and it's ever been invented and they're giving us a song and an answer about oh Michael Phelps first
of all he's a freak okay I think if they want to investigate his personal background to be a lot
more useful to find out what planet he came from as opposed to whether he smokes weed you don't
you think he is a he's bizarre man he's all out of proportion his face is strange his body is strange
or maybe his uh is strange I don't know and I don't care people are strange weird what people have
strange people have strange it's right but he's getting some strange I'm not sure what
some strange stuff oh another winter storm but it's gonna miss here thank god
down to the Gulf Coast and this air keeps going as well it kills all the way down into the Gulf of
Mexico blowing that cool cool air always that sky miles are brine into Florida I will also keep the
humanities low here in Texas where we have those fires tomorrow 68 Miami how do you like that
woo you see how you like the cold man get out you're good now let me ask you this okay
having grown up up north yes in the wintertime and of course my mother was such a you know
fuss budget overbearing bitch mm-hmm but in the wintertime your parents would make you wear either
you know when it was snowing and ice rubbers or galoshes I mean back in those days rubbers had you know
two meanings correct now to be the people still wear rubbers on their shoes overshoes
I imagine that they do is that what they call overshoes yeah up north now I'm not talking about boots
no the overshoes the people that wear suits you know they wear overshoes over their dress shoes
or they change into you know from boots back into their dress shoes the the ladies especially
like to change their shoes what kind of an answer was that well first of all I don't live up north
you do so you tell me so in other words and when you lived in Montana didn't snow it did snow and
people would occasionally the suits I'm talking about like people who were lawyers bankers not that we
had a whole lot of them would wear overshoes over their dress shoes but mostly people wore boots
and then they would change into their they wear boots right they would change them when they got to work
well what about just everyday shleppers you know like us I never saw it and every day
shlepper wearing overshoes or rubbers or galoshes no we all just wore goolashes let's get back to
that soup thing let's go ahead and hang your in goulash put galoshes on there
yeah let's put galoshes on this pool
so that didn't answer my question I don't know I don't see anybody wearing them here
I think your past sake and I don't have a fetish with feet like you do you're very much in the
feet yeah absolutely yeah including that one punk that worked there when we were doing that
horrible whammy type of thing whatever you say I'm always talking about his strange feet dude if
the guy wore sandals and his feet he can you always put his feet up how could you miss them yeah
I he must have been ugly I don't know yeah yeah he was who we know what guy wasn't fat ugly joke
he wore like Birkenstocks he always had a fat ugly Joe that fat effort yeah god he was
annoying his hell man whatever happened all those people they sure they sure his hell never came
back and contacted us again actually an abortion the way they butcher that thing up they wouldn't listen
to me it was my show but they wouldn't listen to me oh no we got to get some calls on there
gotta get some call well they knew better yeah obviously and then of course the audio kept you
couldn't hear the audio on that thing I want to be a horrible I mean that was just talk about
embarrassing thanks a lot Marvin that's your buddy Marvin he couldn't get me an IOD couldn't
finish me off so we gave it his best shot on whammy whammy my amy and of course now no speaking
English there anyway so whammy got it sucked yeah don't you think we need a few more no
speaking English stations on TV and Miami that'll bring more people to Spanish language that's
right like Ray Perry would say that'll bring a lot more people to speak Spanish if we just put
a lot more Spanish like which TV stations on here and radio stations too the same Ray Perry who
said oh if we just had a lot more sports talk stations it'll bring a lot more people to sports talk
right so we can divide that little pie we can divide that thimble up into a millionth of a piece
like Mo would say a tiny sliver of a slice but that was something I was at hurricane
which one was it I don't know it wasn't Katrina was it no it was the the other one Wilma Wilma
I was one of those and maybe it was Katrina I don't know it was Wilma was much worse in South Florida
than Katrina yes and nobody could drive nobody could get anywhere everybody was like a stuck
the restaurants were all closed nobody in electricity and so the guys from power if I've got
the story right right ordered in some pizzas or they went out and got them they made bomb
brought it they physically brought it in with they physically brought in pizzas for the power 96
staff for themselves it was just one pizza just one pizza two guys brought in one pizza for
themselves to share it was from two guys no or five guys pizza and fries Papa John's
yeah and Mo went into the kitchen and stole how much of it like a quarter of it he just went
in and grabbed like three slices all the what you guys can't hog all this pizza yourself in the
trying to do it and he shoves them out of the way he will like like they're standing in front of
the box you know and he like wedges his arms in between them pushes them out of the way and
and tears into the pie and walks off of the quarter of it not my buddy Mo I'd choice you not
oh for me oh the stuff that he did in this place I just gang rape is funny you'll never believe
you mentioned Mo I guess what happened on my computer it crashed no but this uniblued speed
up my PC this whole thing popped up on there again where does that come from I mean I just
deleted it was that connected with like my outlook expressed I have some spyware or something like
that you keep saying that and the answer is no no what it's because you have a browser open that's
where it's coming from or you have some spyware or something like that well let's see what Gabriel
has the emails have slowed down oh it'll go down is one of the most only super balls of all time
that's correct but it has become all too commonly in the NFL and officiating controversy threatens
to overshadow the stiller play on the field oh are they going to start again about that last play
there did he tuck it did he cock it the five seconds left it's true he was trying to pass it was
ruled a fumble and it was not the problem is there was no official replay review to take a closer
look at the ruling and said the steelo's got the ball now meltdown the clock ran out and there you go
frankly it's remarkable there was no booth challenge to review the play it was certainly
closer up to order look it was a incomplete pass and all probability the call in the field would
have been confirmed but why not appease the masses and rip any talking controversy in the bud
if the call had been overturned Arizona would have had the ball in the Pittsburgh 29 yard line
certainly close enough to have had a reasonable shot at scoring a last second touchdown
it was a night marred by questionable calls but the game managed to make everyone forget
about the disparity in penalties a hundred six yards for the carnivals against his 56 for the
stelers with the thrilling finish and then came the unreviewed call oh papa papa papa on and on and on
on NBC al michael suggested there wasn't any doubt the player would be looked at in the booth he was
stunned as anyone when the steeler's meltdown for the victory no he wasn't stunned because he said
it was definitely a fumble he tried to cover it up for what it's worth carrot war and a thought it
was incomplete pass to it is supposed to be a press conference he said I was really surprised
on that one because it was definitely moving out for a while you lost okay you lost evidently
Jesus was busy with other things and couldn't be bothered they lost yeah it should have been they
should have had five seconds left but after all the other controversy and after all the other
a crap and penalties and smash mouth crap uh it wasn't enough even George turned it off at that point
Yeah
Oh
you're a majestic
Cause we don't know how
Don't brush our teeth, don't come hard
Here we don't even wear clothes
We'll have to make you queasy
With our private barge sex balls
I'm a monkey here, I'm a kissie
He's a monkey, he's a monkey, where I'm a kiss now
We're not well-mannered
We'll be hateful, just love to drop troll
Well don't come fritz, we'll make you laugh until we are bad
Then we'll lay down scratch art, but said watch you
I'll turn red or I'm a monkey
He's a monkey, he's a monkey, where I'm a kiss now
We wouldn't want to be a dog that cat a horse or cow
We're smelly and we like it and we've heard the things you said
Don't come fritz, we'll be hateful, but so I will list on your head
I'm a monkey here, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie
I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kissie, I'm a kiss now
We're in three to three, please leave us one treasure
Now list on your head like these as well, we're all about
Oh
Oh
How family well under me and no hope could be found
We had a restaurant that kind enough to print up each and down
Then you walked in the studio and put the whole eye in your back
We'll be the features
That's my kissie
I don't care what you stop to death it's no fun time
I'll have you know it's more important for me to survive
You grant me Marcel number two entitlement besides
I only had a niggurish man in his slimming of his slacks
I want your pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
14, they'll two at five sixty W
Oh
Q, I am
Don't let me forget during this big discussion we're having this afternoon
About the formatics there with those v joints because now they're worse than ever
Yeah, because now we got a whole bunch of them that just end cold and every now and then we don't expect it
These sports leaders all that crap you know
Why don't they just get rid of that all right
It's like an SNM thing for the endurance contest for the audience
Yeah
When will it finally end and when do we get back to the program
Man ever
God
I just mentioned that in passing not that they're going to pay any attention to it because clearance is a programming genius
He's a maven
Maybe you could pull like a Michael Corleone during this meeting because you're going to be actually there live
Yeah, excuse yourself to go to Joyce and then come back
Two shots of peace in the head
Let me go put something in the bathroom real quick
Yeah, stick it behind that ball and chain you know
Former LA priest gets three years in prison in molestation case
Oh, what a shocker
A former Los Angeles priest at the center of Cardinal Roger Mahoney's unsuccessful attempts to keep Archdiocese personnel files from county prosecutions
Was sentenced today to three years in prison for molesting a young boy two days ago
This was on Friday
George Miller 70 pleaded guilty in December to molesting the child between
1988 and 89 and admitted sexually abusing at least three other boys as the Archdiocese received its first complaint in 1977 about Miller molesting a child
My family trusted you to teach me the ways of the Lord not the ways of hell one of the victims down his 30s
Told Miller in a trembling voice in a San Fernando courtroom
Miller gray-haired and spectacled sat silently with his fist covering his mouth
A handful of supporters sat behind him in the courtroom audience. I bet you they'd love to shove their fist back on somewhere
He probably enjoyed thinking might like it a father
The district attorney's office initially charged Miller in 2002 with molesting several boys
But the charges were dismissed the next year along with more than a dozen other cases against priest or former priest
When the US Supreme Court struck down a California law that extended these statute limitations for decades old sexual abuse
Prosecutors were able to pursue a new criminal case against Miller when an additional victim came forward
Authorities said Miller befriend the victim's mother when the boy was five years old and the priest was assigned a guardian angel church in Pekkoima
Pekkoima? I never heard of it. Did you?
Neither. No. P-A-C-O-I-M-A butchered up. I don't think we'll ever hear of it again
An attorney for the victim said Miller was placed on leave in 1986 after he was accused of third time of molestation
Church officials said he never returned to the ministry was reduced to lay status by the pope in 2005 the pope returned to lay status
Maybe he just wanted to get laid
Miller was among the priest whose personal file was worthy subject to the vigorous legal battle when Mahoney fought against Trinum over to the LA County Grand jury
What are you hiding father? What's under the garments there pops?
Art Stice's officials argued that disclosure would violate priest bishop communications and priest privacy rights
They yielded when the US Supreme Court refused to hear their arguments
Federal grand jury is now investigating Mahoney's response to allegations of sexual abuse by priests
The beat goes on baby
On and on
Oh no it's just a few isolated incidents couple of bad
Screamers right
Isn't that what it's all about that's right or which had against the church
268 votes on the pool
Oh look at this here's my official notification from the Aloha Pacific Federal Credit Union online
Whoo your rich here's here's a link to log in now. I don't think so
A little piece of credit for what they're unsuspecting fools
Did George go to the Celine Dion concert on Friday?
She's somebody I'm gonna snort I saw him there. I went with my wife. What was his excuse?
Says Bill
Oh yeah Bill was so pathetic about seeing you there he sent this twice
He's so nice he said it twice
Oh God Celine Dion
Yeah
Oh when wouldn't that be a fly-up or I'm going to say Celine Dion?
Whoo
Better you than us we got that bitch out of here. Yeah, she is to Canada what what's your name is to Florida the US?
I need a Bryant Gloria Estefan. Oh come on now come on now what
I got news for the Gloria stefan she ain't no see that cruise no she ain't I
Think that's gonna be our new let's discuss that with the powers that be we ought to have like a couple hours every day of see the cruise music
To win over who's those numbers up
Oh she's sweet that's the cruise
Could she sing her way out of a paper sack? Oh, don't get me started
Did I mention that I got my annual Christmas card from Enrique when I was down there
Came in a mail Enrique Degreesius every year. I'm honest. I didn't mention it if you did I forgot
Well there you go. All right Enrique. Did you get one? No no that's probably he's the one that's sending you the hate mail
Let's be
Ha ha wouldn't that be something that would be if in Enrique well I feel very honored and of course I hope that Leo gets in touch with
The guilty very soon because obviously he wants to help him you want to see a really close with he's star struck with guilty
Mm-hmm he wants to get close to some kind of creature that makes those kind of sounds
At a boil Leo keep him coming every day
I wonder which goofball across the street is sending though
Maybe he took a shining to Leo when he was over across this tree I mean guilty
Think that could be when he was on that shuttle bus back and forth and back and forth coming at you
Here's guilty
And don't forget about the booster he was there that's right you know something now that we think back coming at you wasn't all that bad
Oh no
It's day if I am the town
Here's a bird at five six o' W Q A A
When the sun beats down and burns the top of my head
And when my employees laugh at me I wish I were dead
I got a false five and top from me
Yeah
Should I paint it
Plants or cover it it's all up to me
All up to you
He's got a false five just like a billion balls
He's got a false five I feel three inches tall
He's got a false five please help me run both he
He got a false five I know how Larry can't feel he got a false five
False five
Oh when I painted my head my wife she said she's on a ear
And when I go to the John the guys are using my head for a mirror
I've got a false five and top of me
Yeah
Should I paint it
Plants or cover it it's all up to me
All up to you
He's got a false five just like a billion balls
He's got a false five I feel three inches tall
He's got a false five please help me run both he
He's got a false five I know how Larry can't feel he's got a false five
False five
