The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and
collars.
Charges of gall-streamed Pungent is guts up.
It's staffed advertisers for agencies.
560 W.
Church up with the loose machine.
The Neil Roger show.
Judge Corners by the way is in India.
Jim Fennel, he serves on the Web 560 in South.
In other counties, I think he's got the 775 Neil or Pregnant Josh, six people in
India.
And for one year, I'm going to share opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his
colleagues.
And of course that's a big risk.
And I don't know how you deal with that or his sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger show on 560 W.
Q.A.
M.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Fellow citizens, for eight years it has been my honor to serve as your president.
What, uh, what's life going to be like?
What are you going to do now?
I am confident I'll be driven to do something.
I just can't tell you where it is yet.
These January health is on the way.
Reports are there inside the bank.
Only man for the job.
George W. Bush, Mall Cop.
I know the human being and fish and cogs just peacefully.
He's always been dedicated.
Fool me once.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
It fooled me.
You can't get fooled again.
Super-tected.
Too many OBGYNs aren't able to practice, sir.
They're locked with women.
The last thing they expect is...
I hear there's rumors on the internet.
Who is this guy?
I'm George W. Bush.
Mall Cop.
And I think the world would be better off if we did leave.
If we didn't, if we...
If we left the world, it'd be worse.
The world is better off if it's not leave.
You're an idiot.
I'm George W. Bush.
Mall Cop.
Inference.
Come from overseas.
Showing no in a theater near you.
You fairy.
10-0105-60W-QM.
So George is a golf team.
Beases in the studio with all kinds of rumors and just
crashing everybody in the building before the show today.
Now that was me that was doing that, not the beat for once.
Now he's calling me, man.
I can't answer the phone right now.
Josh Cordis.
Josh Cordis.
Hang on, I guess we could do this on the air.
Yeah, go ahead.
Do it on the air.
Find out what is excuses that there's no stories.
Hello.
I'm a set of 20-some odd.
Hello.
I'm trying.
Yeah.
I guess I missed his call.
Oh, jeez.
I'll call him back.
Call him back and see what his problem is.
I had these headphones on.
I couldn't.
Unless he's in the hospital with some horrible disease, which
in that case Brandon's going to throw a big party this weekend.
But unless he's like got some horrible thing going on,
how difficult is it to put those stories up on there?
I don't know.
You can be laying in bed flat out with pneumonia or something
at home and still got your laptop and to tap it out.
I think he's tapping it all right, but it ain't the stories.
Did you call him back?
Yeah, I'm talking to him now.
And what's his excuse besides being a bozo?
We got two guys who wants to know what?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What?
I wait.
What are you doing?
I have a conversation on the phone, man.
I'm there.
So what does he have to know?
I'm not up here in the car right now.
And he'll look into it as soon as he gets to other things.
He'll look into it?
Yeah, he'll look at it.
He'll look into his what?
Right.
Oh my God.
He'll look into his ass.
Jesus Christ.
There you go.
Well, let me look on the stats again.
Maybe some miracle happened.
Let's see.
No, there's nothing on there.
So maybe he thought he put them on it, which has happened before.
And he didn't hit the right button or something like that.
So between him and your friend, Tubby Chris Whalen,
between the two of them, they don't know how to put them on there.
What can I say?
Oh, here we go.
The fake Larry King revealed I am Mr. Radio.
And I'm obsessed with Phil Sins and the old WIOD.
Well, your taste continues being in your process, OK?
Mr. Radio, how do you like that?
The fake Larry King.
And it's funny because there's a great skating column in the New York Daily News
today by Larry just ripping him and ask which I'll get to.
And I thank Wes and Lakeland for sending that along.
I hear something.
Don't you hear like, no, I hear you.
I mean, there's like a cricket or something.
Am I right?
I don't.
It's sort of buzz, hum, something.
Yeah, there's like a humming buzz.
I don't know.
Sorry.
So Frank is the guy that's going to be our pick-up-ony contestant today?
Yes.
Frank.
I sure hope we don't have more than one Frank out there.
Did you pick the pony already?
Yes.
All right.
Well, but you know something.
I'm not going to say it on the ear because I want some tips from the audience
on our our Neil at Neil Rogers dot com.
Second race of golf thing today.
OK.
It's 10,000 claim or two non winners of two lifetime fillies and mirrors four years old
enough.
Six for a long.
I eat.
Claiming race.
Some real and it's a guy.
There are eight horses in there.
And I got news for you.
None of them look like the next secretary.
I mean, it's just not great.
So it's not that easy.
I've got mine picked, but I'll wait till I see some.
Some input from the audience.
Maybe they got some hot information, which I doubt.
OK.
Well, that noise is getting louder and louder.
We have like motorized things going on.
You know, a lot of construction going on over here, but I don't know if that's what you know.
No, that's not it.
It's more like.
I don't like that.
Clarence stuck his head and he's going to work on it.
He's going to work on it.
Yeah, he says you hear it out there.
Yeah, I think he's been working on it all morning.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Clarence.
He's going to work on it.
Doesn't bother me.
I don't know.
Does it bother the audience?
There used to a lot of noise.
At least it's in English.
It's not an esponule.
Steps going to go see if it's something, you know, that can be dealt with.
OK.
And if not, we'll just put up with it.
That's driving me nuts.
Well, we get a really good,
negative email every day, at least one.
And Tim, Tim said, and of course he, he's, I'm sure, thinks that this is a very positive email.
Tim is a crazy person.
He is.
And of course, I read you that one line about him calling a few times today.
Anybody that wants the calls back that tells me that he calls a few times today,
has got to be part of the problem.
Tim says, I have to agree with your emails.
I'm afraid I have to agree with the negative emails you've been getting lately,
especially the ones criticizing you for not taking calls.
Since you went to email, you've limited your listener feedback to those who work in offices.
Gee, I thought that like people at home have computers and people can send email from
their, crackberry and their phone.
Right?
Right.
Look at me, for example, Tim says, I don't want to.
Why am I writing an email at 9.30pm to a show that went off the Earth, two PM in the afternoon?
I'll tell you the answer, Tim.
I have no line.
That's the answer.
I have no line.
So that coming.
I don't get home till 9 o'clock.
This means I have to wait seven hours to get feedback.
Don't take this as a negative because it's not.
No, of course not.
But it seems like any email that doesn't kiss your ass is considered negative.
Right.
That's right.
I've just very sensitive, ultra sensitive and thin skinned and I make it up.
I just want to inform you that the new email format has severely limited those of us who
want to interact with the host, Neil Rogers.
Here comes the cooped grass.
Okay.
There's always one line like the one yesterday about working, we register our complaints if
you don't take calls.
Here's one.
This is a guy that's complaining about why I don't take calls.
Before I would call your show a few times a day, but now I can't even do that.
A few times a day.
Any wonders why I'm not taking calls.
He would call a few times a day.
Please start taking calls again.
Please just give it a chance.
No.
There are plenty of smart listeners out there.
Don't let the I'm your friend guy run it for everyone.
Oh, and by the way, why isn't that all other hosts on the station able to take calls
successfully except you and why isn't that this show continues being the highest rated
on this radio station, which will get to Barry Jack as his real column in a minute.
I wonder what that is.
Before I was calling your show a few times a day, but now I can't even do that.
What a line.
What a sentence that is.
Get this guy put him in a straight jacket.
You're depriving him.
Yeah, I'm depriving of his opportunity to interact with a host, Neil Rogers.
He's not a man who interacts with crazy people like you.
And he's not going to I'm your friend guy.
He's not going to prosack Ron.
I got news for him.
Anybody that calls a talk show more than one time a day or calls every day has got to
be a crazy person.
Tell our colors.
What all of our sports colors do it?
Do they?
Oh, yeah.
How about what's his name?
So what does his name the one that Joe loves?
Which one?
The one that calls every single day.
Which one the dark, complex guy storming storm can't storm cat.
Oh, yeah, he calls three, four times a day.
He does?
Oh, yeah, every time.
But you know what old Baldy one said W.H.
Years ago, George and I were still at I.O.D.
He said, oh, we don't worry about those colors.
There's only about 10, 15, 20 colors on those fourth stations.
They're just the same people over and over again.
And I think even Baldy had a point back.
Before he bailed out of the dolphin organization,
when he still got 5%, right?
See, don't be knocking Wayne now.
We'll lose that dolphin franchise.
According to Barry, we had a 14 share on Sunday afternoon
during those dolphin hours.
I wonder how the hell he got that.
I don't know.
Where do you get that from?
How do you get a breakdown Saturday and Sunday,
like hourly?
I never even heard of such a thing.
It's that dumb math.
We keep hearing it out.
Yeah, I think we made it up.
And of course, Johnny Joe, any of these people,
they could tell Barry anything.
Oh, they had a 98 share with the dolphins.
He'll put anything in the paper because he's a putts.
Here's the pull results from right now.
If my boss gave me a pink slip tomorrow,
due to the bad economy, my reaction would be,
we got 791 votes, not too bad.
What will I do now, 172?
F you, 156.
F you.
That would be my reaction, then.
And that's still my reaction now.
F you.
Deep depression, 76.
More time for weed and beer, 71.
Yippee, unemployment benefits, food stamps, 71.
No problem.
I'll have a new job light up tomorrow, 52.
I understand why you have to let me go, 37.
I always hated this job anyway, 34.
Yippee, an extended vacation, 34.
No problem, my spouse has a job, 26.
Take this job and shove it, 25.
I want to go postal and kill some people, 23.
I can't go on, I want to die, seven.
If I don't see you soon, I'm going to die.
Seven.
No problem, I got my second job to fall back on, seven.
I just can't, I just love that scene with Flemiza.
In fact, you got to love Flemiza anyway.
Just, he's great.
He was one of the all-time best in the Godfather.
Right, everybody's got to have their comic relief, that's him.
Then he had a heart attack which we didn't see and he died.
They told us that, you know, maybe that later on,
they told us about four people.
Now, Tessio, was he, he wasn't in Godfather too, was he?
Tessio?
Yeah.
Wasn't he?
Was that the one where he, I don't know, now he can't remember.
No, of course not.
No, he wouldn't.
He wouldn't get me off the hook for all time.
That's right, I'm saying that was in the first Godfather.
You're right, you're right.
I can't do it, Sally.
More coffee here.
Don't call me Sally.
And then it was an accident and nobody got hurt.
Oh no, the stream keeps cutting in,
that sounds like you guys are underground since Adam Oshmak
in Kitchener Waterloo.
Sorry, Adam.
It looks like Josh posted the news stories from the 24th
instead of the 23rd, they're up to just have tomorrow's date.
Says Eric, I say.
Well, what does that mean?
He's got the wrong date.
So I guess they went, yeah, he posted them in the future.
So they won't show up until tomorrow.
Oh, and Mr. Radio wants to know what's with the buzz.
Well, the beast will tell you the buzz.
He's the end of the building.
We got a buzz, we've been just talking about that.
You moron, Mr. Radio.
That's our goal for 2009.
Somebody's going to dig him up, find his ass.
And we're going to hang him right outside the building.
Now, is that supposed to be a big secret
what the beast told me before the show today?
About me, whatever that is?
I have no idea.
Well, I'm asking him.
I wasn't told that it was off limits or anything.
Well, George said it's a big secret.
I did not.
No, you did.
You said it was a rumor that I've been even told me about it
because I got a big mouth and I put it on the radio.
No, I said you remember that I've been told for a year.
Big mouth.
No, I believe it.
What do you think?
I have to.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Neil God.
I used to be a rich doctor until I met him
because of Ernie made up my future is grim.
And now again, a poor, the joint of freaking gym
I'd like to drop him.
Bernie's face punched him all over their place.
What can be in the eyes?
And tell me freaking cries I'd like to face?
Slap Bernie's, yeah, make him walk into a bear trap.
Take him in the junk and shove him in my trunk.
I was a rich doctor, the American dream.
Until the turkey put me in a Ponzi scheme
where things are not on paper.
Why does they might seem I'd like to drop him?
Bernie's face punched him all over their place.
What can be in the eyes?
And tell me freaking cries I'd like to face?
Slap Bernie's, yeah, make him walk into a bear trap.
Take him in the junk and shove him in my trunk.
I used to have a platinum card and drove a Lamborghini.
And I had him in serving the Gus.
I used to date pretty girls who were sexy and teeny.
Now it's two bliss girls who ride the bus.
I was a rich doctor who got rid of your call.
But now I got no money because Bernie made all.
Took everything I have that dirt bag with me off.
I'd like to drop him.
Bernie's face punched him all over their place.
What can be in the eyes?
And tell me freaking cries I'd like to face?
Slap Bernie's, yeah, make him walk into a bear trap.
Take him in the junk and shove him in my trunk.
We finally found a bag that we can say on the air.
Besides the wild.
And that great garbage bag.
I beg your pardon?
How's it going?
See now I know what that means.
Debag.
I always thought it meant something else.
The Debag is dirt bag.
And nobody has given me any tips on the second race of Gus.
So I'm going to have to do my own.
Yep.
What?
Nothing.
You know, I thought these people would be helpful.
But they're not.
Well, wait a minute.
Here's one.
For the second race today, I'd like to forehore somebody says the name is with mixed emotions.
Morning line odds four to one.
Love the name.
And I wish the person good luck on the bed.
Well, that's, that's not very, you know, he likes the name.
Yeah.
Hope you guys find out what the buzzing sound is in the broadcast.
And you hear the noise during the sports?
Have a great show.
And thanks for the last sentence.
By the way, we have dialed up with a different doohickey.
Is there any difference?
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, I don't hear that.
Yeah, it's actually not as bad.
That's right.
There's a little bit of a bug.
They have so much power equipment plugged in and running right now.
So what do you mean by that?
You know how like going to a lot of these motorized things that are going on there plugged in, you know, air compressors and sand blasters and things like that all around me.
So, you know, it's funny because when I went over the entries here, which has nothing to do with what you're talking about, but that's okay.
Right.
My first pick was the forehorse.
Right.
Who finished second at a mile last time.
And who gets bet each of the last three starts was bet down two times the favorite last time five to two second choice.
But I'm not going with that one.
I mean, there you could you could find a reason to pick several horses in here out of the eight, but I'm picking the seven Barbers attitude with Elvis Trujillo.
Elvis has left the starting gate.
The only thing I don't like about this horse is that he's been off.
She has been off for a two months.
But has been working out decent, not spectacular, but decent works right along.
And I think because the race that she won was at this distance six for longs in the slap October and with an 85 speed rating and went off the favorite that day.
And then the next two races were in much in allowance races, much tougher company.
And now coming back after two monthly off and is dropping way down to a 10 claimer.
Now sometimes that's a bad sign. Sometimes it means that she's like, you know, on her last legs.
And now the times means maybe they're just trying to win a race.
And I farted real, real bad just now.
Real. I mean, where did that come from?
What?
Do you hear that? That's part of that buzz, I think.
Oh, no.
Hey, we can't do anything about the background.
I've released the Joyce before the show. He went out for a long time.
Really?
He must have made the walls of the building tremble.
Well, shaking her ass.
Shades of Fat Boy.
Are we sure he had a lot of fat people in that building over the years?
He's going to Fat Man. There's a guy walking by right now that looks just like Fat Rich.
Oh my god. It's like a ghost of Fat Rich walking by right now.
The ghost of Fat Rich.
Oh my god.
The ghost of the Fat Man.
He was really funny.
I was watching some races last night from where I wasn't.
Metallands.
Yep.
And there's a kid, I don't know what his name is.
Some Jeff DuPlaze.
Well, his father was Norman DuPlaze, who raced in New York for years and years.
And Rich evidently didn't think too highly of him.
So he said his nickname for him was DNF DuPlaze.
DNF meaning did not finish.
DNF DuPlaze.
I mean, he had to be.
They have to know who these people are to understand it.
To appreciate the humor.
But that's a good line.
DNF DuPlaze.
I'm not hearing that buzz real bad.
830 votes on the poll when we get to 1000 will change it or not depending on what we feel like doing.
So no more tips on the second race.
That's okay.
You might get some points on it as a win.
So Frank, you got the 7 Barbers attitude.
That's my final answer.
The 7?
The 7.
All right.
What's all the noise now?
What is that?
Power drills and things.
Oh, they're building.
Yeah.
The walls of Jericho are tumbling around your.
I knew it.
I knew sooner or later you'd get yours.
So the stories are up there on the website.
And so, you know, I'm not going to apologize to Cordis because he's got it screwed up there on the stats.
Like Eric said, he's got him on the wrong date.
What a bozo.
Well, he's got syphilis and you know, like that.
He's got crabs.
He's got syphilis.
He's got genital awards.
And that's because he's you know, always running around everything with a skirt on.
He's poking it.
That's what the B said.
I did.
Very Jackson, the real one, not on, not on the email, but in the hero this morning.
So it might be true.
WQM at the top of the latest rating.
Oh, hallelujah.
Happy day.
And even mentioned my name in here briefly.
The battle between WQM 560 and 790.
The ticket continues to swing back and forth with WQM beating the ticket in the most recent ratings period.
Thanks to strong waiting for the dolphin games as well as for its morning and midday programming.
Now what does that mean?
Our morning show had a big number.
I thought you had a two nine.
He had a really strong hour in there somewhere like a four something for one of those hours.
Yeah, one hour.
He'd say eight to nine hour.
What?
He beat Sid.
Well, oh wow.
He beat Sid.
What we do?
That's all that matters.
He beat Sid.
Sid has got the biggest mouth with the least results of anybody I've ever seen in the history of this business.
I mean, no number ever.
When I was on a midday, he's stonking the morning at once.
First he had two.
So now he's down to one.
So one eight or one.
So whatever the hell it is.
And then open up a big mouth.
Jesus.
God almighty.
The stations of all the victories against each other in the past for our return rating books says very.
Hit very.
You fairy.
How's that Salami sandwich, Barry?
In the most recent book covering September 18th to December 10 WQM was 13th in the market with the 3.0 share in the coveted mail 25 to 54 graphic group.
The ticket, which has a marketing partnership with the hero.
In other words, they got their nose up each other's ass was 21st with the 22.
They had a 22 and Sid looks lovely wearing it.
On average, WQM had 84,000 pardoned listeners a week in that demo group compared with 51,000 for the ticket.
Some notable numbers from that group.
WQM got a big boost from the dolphins from 1 to 4 p.m. Sunday.
When most dolphin games were played, WQM was first locally with a 14 point to share.
The ticket was 29th with a 0.0 share and set your own punchline here.
8.0.
How do you like that?
0.0.
Like our 9 to 10 at night.
Predictably WQM also beat 790 with the off and pregame and postgame programming.
One to four on Sunday.
The tickets got a 0.0 among sports hosts WQM is Joe Rose and the tickets to the end of the bastard had strong books.
And head to head competition 7 to 10 a.m. Rose was 11th in the market with a 2.9 share and 790 Sid Rosencrantz Bernstein in the shorts was 19th with a 1.9.
A 1.9 my god.
I bet you I miss won't even talk to him anymore.
During the three hours when LeBaster and John Wiener stew gots directly compete with WQM to see a man at 4 to 7 p.m.
The ticket was 4th with a 4.6 share and QAM 16th with a 2.5.
Mad dogs having a tough time following two hours of dead air.
I was speaking to that WQM's Orlando Alza query hosted two weekday shows for the final four months of 2008 finished with a 1.1 against 790.
Oh finished 1 and 1 against 790.
From 5 to 7 a.m. his 1.7 share top 790 0.9.
Part Andy King, part Rosenberg, part Rosenberg with a 0.9.
Oh my god.
But from 2 to 4 p.m. he had a 1.1 share compared with 790s 3.6.
One hour of George Sedano and another hour of LeBaster and Wiener.
LeBaster, it's kicking your ass, mister.
Rock solid.
Boy, you better start speaking English.
No speaking in English.
WQM's Neil Rogers finished 4th in the market with a 4.6 share from 10 to 2.
The ticket two hours of since fired Kevin Rogers and two hours of Sedano was 20th with a 1.9 share during that span.
Oh my god. Another one with a big mouth that punks Sedano.
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
That went smoothly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What was that? Well, I was supposed to be doing a mic check, but I didn't know it was hot.
Just watch your language.
Much more CBS news ahead. Okay. Freddie, Giuliani's dead. I mean, you know what I mean.
Hey, Eric, did you use the cool shadow on the snow shot yet?
The CBS?
Yeah. Yeah. It's so cool.
Not here today. I don't think it's okay. I think it's so cool.
A local man spots something suspicious and that he decides to spring into action.
He has done something that is very good.
Wheatland or Wheatland? Wheatland, right? How do you say that? Does anyone know?
Sorry. Wheatland. Wheatland. Wheatland.
Okay.
Oh, okay. Wheatland was constant. So I'll say Cynthia. Cynthia?
Yeah? Just pretty eyes. She's freaking me out a little.
No, she looks like a husky.
You know those weird blue eyes?
Like, huh? Yeah. Like, are we not close out?
Cindy McCain has the most intense eyes. They're like light, ice blue.
She had a purple suit on and I mean, they were so intense. I was like, I couldn't stop staring at her.
She must have thought I was weird.
Thank you. All right, it's back to your time.
Don't let her go away. Does she have a response to that? She's still there?
What's that? Did the lady just leave? Yeah. Oh, that's too bad.
She's back, everyone. Yes. Yes. What'd you like to know? I would.
I'd like to know a response to what the gentleman said. The gentleman's a very effective
spokesperson for the company, but obviously the people who live there are not satisfied with his explanation.
Right. 41 now. Well, if I have to teach you how to be a reporter, I'll do that later.
I wanted to do that later, Jim, but I think the lady expressed herself.
And you're not here. You're there. Is there any question you'd like me to ask her?
No, I'll give you lessons on how to become a reporter.
I'll give you some lessons on how to be an editor because I was your boss once.
Yeah, if you were, I don't know longer how that happened. I don't know.
Clearly putting a mission accomplished on an aircraft carrier was a mistake.
For some people predicting Obama would be Hillary by 20 points.
10. Double digits. Okay.
Obviously some of my rhetoric has been a mistake.
97.2 magnitude, magnitude earthquake rattled.
Alaska size mainly I could lose silence.
It was magnitude 7.2.
It was a very large earthquake.
The good thing is there were no immediate reports.
It was very serious.
But...
After the break, we're going to interview Eris Wyhenmayer, who climbed the highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest.
But he's gay. I mean, he's gay. Excuse me. He's blind.
So we'll hear about that. Okay. As we had the break, a look at the six.
There have been disappointment. I would grab obviously with a huge disappointment during the presidency.
Um...
Um...
Um...
Um...
Not having weapons of mass destruction was a significant disappointment.
I know who likes chocolate. Our zane burji loves chocolate.
One of our banketed, oh nice melon, finds you there.
Whoa!
Whoa!
What's that? Sorry, was that a phone call?
That's what we checked the boogey... uh, booze out, short.
I don't appreciate the speculation about Don Rumsfeld. He's doing a fine job. I strongly supporting him.
Ordinance, say to critics who believe that you're ignoring the advice of retired generals, military commanders, who say that they need to be a chain.
I say I listen to all voices.
The minds of final decision.
And Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
I have strong confidence in Don Rumsfeld.
I hear the voices, voices, voices.
But I'm the designer.
How could he? He wasn't expecting to win.
Okay, and then...
I'd like to ask her in South Carolina he should do better.
I'd rather look ahead to that.
That's a big good word.
Yeah, okay. Okay.
Jen, hold on two seconds Rick. Can you hold on two seconds? Jen?
Where's my um...
New Clinton Obama took those two cards you made me?
You put... you condensed the two cards?
Oh, here it is. Here it is.
You have to just... just title them, okay?
Okay.
Clinton Obama, you know what I mean?
Okay.
Otherwise, it's hard for me to pull them out.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you. No mind. Sorry.
Okay, sorry Rick.
Okay.
Is that a bad monitor on top to study curiosity?
It looks so much better in the one below.
So I guess... I guess Romney was exuding kind of false confidence, right?
Harkening back to his Olympic experience in South Lake City.
But will he do well in Michigan?
Today is Tuesday, right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Yeah, we're sorry, please.
Anyway, 24-11, I'm going to change my pick at Gulsdom. You want to know why?
Why?
Because I just looked at that again and that Seven Horse hasn't run since November of 2007.
I see.
I got my ears mixed up.
I was thinking this mirror was off two months.
She's been off 14 months.
No way Jose.
Is that a...
Now the... what?
Is that the horse's name?
Well, here's the thing from Tom Jicker, real or imaginary.
I guess it's the real Tom Jicker.
I've been in California, so I haven't been able to listen.
Is that the beast on your show today? Yes, it is.
What happened to Fat Chris?
I thought you hated the beast.
Fat Chris got to take it off the show.
He's working five to six in the morning and overnight as a way of sticking it to us.
And the beast is here because George is out of Gulsdream.
You read it, Tommy.
Do it, Hayley.
What?
At times.
I saw Barry...
See, I gave you like a partially...
Yes.
I saw Barry's article, Good Job on the ratings.
Yeah, really good job.
A 4.6.
Woo!
But, you know, the way things are today.
I'm hearing rumors about 940 going back to Fox Sports.
Have you heard anything about this? Yes.
That's the rumor.
I'll contact Ken today, meaning Ken Charles.
If he's still around after the clear channel Budbath says, Tom Jicker.
So, Tom's pretty upset about Fat Chris now being there in the beast being there.
I think he hates you too.
I mean, he hates you.
Tom, I go way back.
What does that mean?
Go way back.
Yeah.
By the way.
Back, back, back, back.
Speaking of going way back, I don't know if you remember one of our engineers from Paxson, Lino.
You called him J-Lino?
Yeah, no.
Okay, well anyway.
He works here now.
How does that have 159 points?
He wanted me to tell you you're gay.
No.
Wait, that's not it.
I wrote it down.
He wanted me to tell you high.
No.
The three genuine diamonds got a shot, but this, uh, she hasn't been out since July of 2007.
So, like, uh, you're in a half.
I mean, what is, what, what kind of a field is this?
I may have to go back to that four horse.
Yeah.
I'm just telling you, I'm smelling you right now.
Although the three genuine diamond looks like she's got a shot.
Let's see.
Let's see those workouts.
I'm working, working long.
I don't forget your picket for two today.
Wouldn't be by that.
Well, I'm petting two.
Well, you know, I was going to get to that.
And the fact of the matter is that this is all balled up.
Like all QAM things are involved.
All right.
No matter because I need the racing form for the first alo.
Somebody did send me the racing form.
I'll see if it's all there.
I need the charts for the first race.
So I can pick one for you to lose.
I mean, when on the biggie, let's do something fancy too.
Like wheel in or something that I don't even even understand.
Yeah, we're your ass.
Box of charms, the six.
What just happened there?
What every time George hits the cop, but it.
It sounds like sounds of sound.
Trust me.
You want to be you want to be to hit the cop button just then.
Box of charms was off for like almost a year for 11 months.
And then had a tightener.
And I was coming back six for long.
A tightener.
A tightener.
In other words, a race a race to get ready for the next race.
Okay, thank you.
A tightener.
I don't know any of this stuff.
Well, I didn't know these terms.
And it's dropping down a glossary.
I think I'm going with a six box of charms.
Okay.
Lucky charms.
Lightly raced Philly.
She's only raced a four times lifetime and one of them.
At Gulfstream.
So likes the track.
Let's see about the workouts.
102 and two for a five for longs.
49 and three.
And.
But I don't know.
I mean, it's a real.
It's not much of a race.
I'm going to go with the six box of charms.
Got it.
That's a fit.
That seven's been off for 14 months.
Now, the seven wins.
Too bad.
Oh, well.
New York City Dave says,
high Neil and George regarding your talk about Godfather.
I saw Abe Pagoda the other week in my neighborhood diner,
Cafe Luca.
A beats there a lot.
I was wanted to walk over him to say the line patino says to him
at the end of the Godfather.
Sorry.
Not this time, Sally.
At the end of the Godfather,
this Sally already sleeps with the fishes.
Right.
He's thinking of Tom Hagen.
Can't do it, Sally.
Boy, I'm telling you, New York City Dave,
you're really screwed up.
You think I should give it a shot?
I'll give you a shot.
If you say that to him.
And a closing tell George to hit it big today and on the ponies too.
Yeah, hit it big and on the pony's face.
It says New York City.
He's a real clown.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Alpachino says to Tessio.
Sorry, not this time, Sally.
No, no, no.
Oh my God.
What is with these people?
The drugs must be in the drinking water supply.
Must be.
Free drugs for everybody.
That's Obama's first official act.
Great.
After closing Gimmo, he's going to win.
Order them on.
Where do we get him?
Where do I line up?
Three drugs.
Oh, when you're at the racetrack,
they know a lot about that stuff.
I'll just go to the stables then.
Tom, can you give me your dog?
World type sink.
Can't do it, Sally.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-hole.
We salute you, Mr. Fake ID maker.
Mr. Fake ID maker.
Sure.
You don't have the best equipment.
In fact, your scanners produce images only slightly sharper
than silly putty on the Sunday comics.
Calvin and Huff.
It doesn't matter though,
because your customers are completely faced
when they visit you anyway.
Most establishments would deny little Jimmy his alcohol and tobacco.
But thanks to you,
he purchases a 40- and a pack of smokes with ease
while his underage friends wait around the corner.
Don't forget the magic!
Sure.
The cops have tried to shut you down.
But you provide a public service,
keeping businesses that would otherwise go belly up in the black.
Ow!
So we salute you, Mr. Fake ID maker.
Your inkjet printer, your 3X-wives,
and the scores of hungover teenagers
who couldn't get up for school today.
You are a real American A-hole.
Okay, 1047.
Thanks to one of our finalist news out there,
and I thank him profusely.
He emailed me the whole racing form.
Yes, Steve's gonna do that again or have it emailed to you.
No, I don't want it done again.
Well, too late, he went, he left.
Oh, jeez.
Well, you're just gonna have to deal with first racing.
You were already had the second.
Right.
That's all I need.
Unless we're gonna stick around all afternoon,
but all the races, which I can't do,
because I gotta go to Woodbine.
Let's see.
God.
What?
No, just Tiffany Miranda is gonna be singing the national anthem
tomorrow, around 12 o'clock.
And she's walking away from me right now,
and it's really a thing to say.
May goes four years old and up is the first race.
Mile and the eighth on the dirt.
Mile and the eighth, my God, are you kidding me?
Some of these are gonna fall down after the first quarter of a mile.
That's bad.
Don't say that.
Oh, here's a ship in from Tampa.
What'd you say?
A ship in.
Oh, you heard what I said.
No, I didn't.
The red very loud here.
The red fox.
This is one that never raced it to a golf team or even a corder.
At least not on here.
The four, the red fox.
What kind of speed ratings has it got?
Really weak.
Weak.
Socio, the five.
How do you pick a winner in this race?
Just close your eyes.
Get it done.
I guess so.
Well, it's gonna be your money.
You're the one that's gonna punch your gut sound.
That's right.
I think what I'm gonna have you do is back wheeled the horse I picked in the second race.
Wait, I love back wheeling.
I have no idea what that means, but I love doing it.
Yes, you do.
See, you just forgot.
I did forget.
That's what happens when you smoke too much bad weed.
You remember going.
It's good weed.
Bad weed.
Good weed.
Boy, look at this eight.
Amazzo Amazon with an apostrophe between the O and the N.
Amazzo N.
I don't even know how you say that.
I don't know.
Bothered.
Does that say it's very hard to read the stamp racing form.
No, no threat.
No threat.
Six by 13 lengths.
And dropping down just ever so slightly.
Not good.
So anybody can win this first race.
Even the red fox from Tampa.
Where that spastic announcer is a Tampa Bay down.
So that's what we'll do.
Okay, I can't pick a winner in the first race unless, of course, somebody out there has got some tip for us.
Not I like the name.
Oh, I just love that.
I like the name.
I like the color.
Yeah.
Oh, what a pretty jockey.
You know, like that.
There's some pretty jockeys.
That's right.
Let's see.
Very continues back to the very jackass.
I forgot.
I like the column here.
Really?
Well, I don't want to like blow the whole thing right off the bat.
Although WQM 7 to 8 PM Dolphinshire was much improved from the old version.
It registered only a 0.8.
Oh, much improved 0.8 25th in the market.
During that hour, the ticket was 21st with a 1.3 including Jonathan Zazlow who has since moved to 10 to noon.
Armandale sell Guarrow Panthers games in a few late season Marling games.
The Martins from a 21 PM WQM mostly.
Damon Amindelara D.A. was 21st with a 1.0 share compared with 790s 0.6 which ranked 26th and had some Zazlow Panthers.
Marlins and the since canceled DOS Amigo show.
So how are the stations spinning it?
Very asked.
They're spinning it like a dreidelberry.
Ticket station manager Howard Davis who's always making excuses said 790 would have beaten WQM during the day if you compare sports to sports and take needle rogers out of the equation.
There at the home of the Dolphins that expect they'd win in football season.
I would have expected they would have done a little bit of that he did said Howard Davis not to be confused with how David did did.
WQM manager Joe Bell with 1L said we won three or four measurable day parts and weekends and we've won two of the past three books.
They have a tendency to change the numbers depending on how they do.
We just let the numbers speak for themselves.
Yeah, like that 9 o'clock hour that point.
Oh, it speaks for itself and that 2 to 4 with a 1.1 rock solid.
Teach for itself.
Oh my god.
We just want to put it's true though.
I give you the numbers the real ones and they like make up stories.
Oh, well, if you take rogers out of it.
Well, they haven't taken rogers out of the equation.
You guys with all your big talk over there.
He had a chance to hire us and put this show on over there and kick some serious ass from this dying place.
We didn't do it because you talk a big game.
But even the predecessor over there, Mr. Feinberg.
Joel Feinberg.
Talked a lot and daddy had a lot of money, but they weren't willing to spend any.
Maybe they knew we hadn't now they're like a bells.
Bells and birds in the back, but very quiet though.
I say, bells and birds.
So now are you going to play any slots or what?
No.
You're not?
Not.
Well, why not?
What's the matter with you?
Is it going to be loose?
No, because when two o'clock hits, I'm going to get out of here.
I got things to do.
What do you mean when two o'clock, I'm talking about during the show.
During the show.
Yeah, you did last time.
Yeah, but we're outside now.
We're in the breezeway by the breezeway bar.
I'm nowhere near a slot machine today.
Oh, I hear somebody up belly.
I can about some spot.
The big old doesn't know.
Hello, Riance.
Yeah, okay.
Brandon says I might have not been paying attention, but I thought love 94 was supposed to turn into WIODFM.
And today when scanning the station is love 94 is 93.9 WMIA, which is kind of dance in 80s music.
That's old news, Brandon.
Old news.
I don't know, but it was crappy music.
Well, that's a cheap channel for you.
It's old news, baby.
Get with it.
Monty says every time I hear that kitty, correct, but I can't help thinking about fat Hank climbing on top of her.
I say.
This Hank ever mentioned their past relationship.
I know I'm probably not alone in wanting some juicy details.
Any good burger suggestions as Monty?
Oh, God.
Monty gets some help.
Here's one that says, oh, this is hysterical from Phil.
Hey, Neil, I haven't heard you since the days of the bird who I believe to be now DCs.
That's correct.
He's still dead.
A couple of days ago, horse racing came up and it made me think about you when you had people calling to ask you if they could call some racer or another.
They would do and the emphatic down the stretch they come and generally lose their mind.
So I looked you up and yeah, you're still on the radio.
The lightning round was definitely hilarious too.
Really great to hear you again.
Taking calls or not, punch your guts out.
See you and say hi to George to his fill.
I feel filled and even though we were on the air, that's the great promotional machine we've got here at QAM.
Didn't even know we were on here.
By the way, go buy and see George.
He's a Gulf Stream right now waiting to see a whole bunch here.
Bring him a bag of money so we can punch his guts out.
That's right.
Well, how many horses are there in the first race?
Eight.
So for eight bucks, you can back, you can back wheel the six.
Is that the one I picked?
Boxes, terms.
I want to bet more than that.
Come on now.
Well, then bet 16 bucks, $2 back.
Okay. That's what it means.
You got all the horses in the first race and then of course the six has to win the second one.
You're going to have to repeat that later when Steve Stone shows up.
Oh, I don't repeat it again.
Unless I get paid for it.
Just remember if you, if you say everything twice, you only have to say half his money.
Eight hundred and sixty three votes on the pool in New York City.
They've apologized for screwing up the line from the Godfather.
You don't know nothing about Godfather Dave.
Pozo.
Let's see.
Here's one from somebody.
Who's it from Mirio?
Happy Friday, Neil and Georgia just finished reading the Barry Jackass piece in the hero and what a joke.
Among the sports host, Joe Rosen, Daniel Baxter helped the station with the ratings he writes.
Among the sports hosts.
Why only them?
Who helped the stations ratings more?
You were Joe Rose.
You're sure was the highest rated Joe on either station, but that doesn't matter because it's not a sports show.
Now you're getting in, Mirio.
The obsession with sports on the airwaves is very scary, very scary.
Then you have Steve White saying, now who the hell Steve White is talking about Howard Davis.
Steve White's a program director over there.
Did he quote Steve White in a column?
I don't think so.
No.
Oh, this sounds like an inside job to me.
I don't know.
From our place.
Then you have Steve White saying they would have beaten QM if you compare sports to sports and take Neil Rogers out of the equation.
What this guy's a station manager?
No.
Compare sports to sports.
So if that were the case, they would have been a very close race for the 20 something place in the market.
And how about if you take Neil Rogers out of the equation comment?
If that's the logic they were using, they would have been number one if there weren't any other stations on the air.
That's right.
They'd be number one if we'd all just shut down.
We'd be number one at night too, even with a point at nine o'clock.
If everybody else would just shut down.
At least Barry Jackass had enough time to mention you in the piece after he put down his sack lunches, mommy packed for him.
Sports on the radio is acceptable in moderation.
Sports every hour of every day gets you in 13th and 21st place in the market.
The point of being businesses to have your product be it all its competitors and whatever measure of your nature of business.
When you rank 13th, you should focus on being in the 12 competitors in front of you.
Yeah.
Not just one competitor who's eight places behind you.
Nah.
To put it in the sport whole terms, that would be like the dolphins this year focusing only on being better than the bangles.
I still remember when you had the girlfriend beating Joel Feinberg on your show and told him he would give his left nut to have you on his station.
His reply was, if you're on my station, we wouldn't be the number one sports station.
George replied, yeah, you'll just be the number one station.
George has commented the most since he just disregarded and went back to beating his girlfriend.
Einstein said that in Sanities.
Sorry.
I'm saying that in Sanities doing the same behavior over and over and expecting a different result QA and the ticket keep trying on all sports format over and over and over and over and finishing number one never reaching and making both stations insane says Mario.
You got it, Mario.
The crazy.
This is the Neil Rogers.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
And now.
White left town with a banana.
Love a rotten deal.
Found that your devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a few.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
The white left town with a banana.
My baby slipped by the way.
While I was singing in Sanities,
I decided to play a girl streethadily as a child.
Japanese people have started to cheat on ballsy Jump
because of the sorts of polyoptional issues that come out of their pockets.
Spーrain dreams of happy sisters.
I'm a jealous man, she found us six inch Latin love fur
Now she does the thing with her right hand
And right now I could just die, easy in my banana cream pie
My wife left town with a banana, my baby's slipping
My baby's slipping, my baby's slipping away
1103 at 560 WQM we got Geldia to this afternoon
Wow
Curtis for the man dog 4 to 7 Dolphin night 7 8 with its number and then the DA who's got a point oh from 8 to 11
Greg Lykins 8 11 to 1
What's the story on him beast?
What do you want to know?
Why is he on? I mean why is there the other night we put the ESPN?
Because when Joe brought him over from 790 that was the deal that they made
They promised him they'd fight a night show
Oh, we made a funny face
No
But you know another reason why he's on?
Me? No
You don't even know who that is
I have no idea
Greg's a great guy by the way
Oh good, like I said he's on 11 to 1 tonight after DA with his cheer
So the first of the day as we crack on to race number two start to the game
Here's the handicap from the fairgrounds by the way that the race collar with a real bad hair piece
One of the worst I've ever seen in my life and the chick who's so anorexic looking
If she weighs like she's you know fairly attractive, but she weighs about 40 pounds
Scar crow
Here with a four howdy is gold
But a bit bit about so we don't care about the fairgrounds and noleans do we know
Here's one of the best emails I've ever received short and sweet to the point
Michael sends me a question from Joe Rose you want to hear it?
Yes
You want to hear it George?
I want to hear it
Neil how are you doing with the ladies?
Oh God
How are you doing with the ladies?
Well come on just one time
No do it with the ladies just try no just once no way just couple booby ones
El Paso just give it a squeeze no
Mr. Radio a real a hole if ever there was one who just doesn't get the message
Hi Neil I've been listening from about 30 man the show has been sounding good lately but today it's a little strange
I didn't think I'd hear the beast on your show again
He may also probably want to know the names of the crickets that were making those sounds in the background in the first hour
Talk about a groupie talk about I have no life
He's the poster child for I have no life Mr. Radio does the beast have any good Joe's a gackie stories to share?
Ask him if Joe still has the funny haircut
Maybe I should ask him if he still looks like penis face
Do you really believe I'm behind the fake emails? Yes have you heard from Paul Harvey Jr. Lady or is he dead?
I haven't heard from him and I don't know and I am whatever and George doesn't care
No
In fact you're hoping he's dead
Whatever no I don't dislike him
He doesn't email us there's some of the chronic callers who don't email us
You know that's a very good and polite fake name yeah
So that's another good thing for the emails
Is that even though?
And the thing with the emails you can weed out the lunatics although I do really love that guy
That started us out this morning
Tim
Right Tim before I would call you're sure a few times a day but now yeah a few times a day and you wonder why he wants the calls back
Maybe he's the I don't know which one he would be
One of them one of the ones we never want to hear from again
Harry says on the poll you need to add our I already received the pink slip and I'm surviving barely
Harry and S.I.B. What's S.I.B.?
I don't know
Something something beach
Okay
South
Something no we got a different island South the idiot yeah I don't know
Well good luck to you Harry we wish you all the best we're not changing the pool though
Are we changing the pool?
No, no we're not
How many hours until post-time one 15 this first post-time with Gelstrom you got a whole bunch of people come out to see you so far or what?
A couple people swung by that they really Tiffany Miranda came by so that I would say her name on the air a whole bunch of times
Sounds like a stripper
Never the last she's not she's a singer something or hope is on American Idol I hope so
81 votes on the pool let's see what Harry read the same
Bring the
Stressed
Who will be an African-I'd use in that utilize
Later
Maybe a positive stuff maybe about the CBO analysis
Thank you House Bill so far does not have a path to remember there was a
New
Washington
I'm an avid fan of the show I've been listening to since I was 14 years old and
Started listening to you because of my dad has been listening to you for around 15 years now
I just wanted to say keep up the good work tell Georgia's tattoo looks awesome you have a tattoo yes thank you
Oh and mancoater still looks ugly as hell thanks Mike for my
What are you laughing about nothing God you'd be a good one-man audience for just about anybody not
Anybody because you laugh your ass off and stuff that's all case nobody's told you you can be funny every once in a
While but you are laughing at me I didn't write that email no but your delivery son delivery my ass you
I'll go get the four points my God talk about ask is the rental trust oh please you wouldn't be on the air if you weren't funny you know you are
Now what does this say DRF PPs for the opener today good luck
What does that mean oh post positions for the openers already got that already got it DRF daily racing
For me got it got it first races unpicable I mean you know I could go out on the limb and you're gonna have to
What a great story is Robert in the middle of a grueling six game road trip where a very young hockey team is away from home
The third game of the trip ends on a cold Canadian Saturday night and this goes on and on at person airport they do this and they do that
Yadi yadi yadi oh it goes on forever boring I love when people say what a great story or this is the funniest thing you'll ever see
And then it turns out to be some real piece of turd you know you like Dan Leberturd
84 on the pole when we get to 900 we'll switch it I don't like this one anyway if your boss gave you a pink slip plenty of people out there already got the
Old Pink Slip and some of the guys are wearing it
Wesley isn't this Wesley over in the Lakeland or somewhere the one I always say I wish I could get out of yet is has from today's New York Daily News
Hey Larry King time to hang up the suspenders by David Hinckley I'm gonna read that after the break
So what's going on out there you had a couple people stop by we got people milling about a lot of people on scooters
I don't know if you know scooters you know those little scooters you know fat people on
Oh fat people on really gigantic people on school wow
Wow
Hmm
How about old people well I mean this place is nice of like if you had roller blades you know
Or ripstick or something you could really tear it up in this place
Yeah
Yeah
How about some old people with walkers and with yeah
Yeah
No no walkers yet but there's no old people milling about they're starting to show up
Are they?
Mm-hmm
And other people too I mean it's not just old people you know
They're gonna be out of my house all day
Hello George tell that Neil he's a son of a bitch tell him we're here to me should only croak
I want you to get one of those maybe some of the chronic e-mailers will stop by and you'll find out who they really are
I invite them to some of the fake people will stop by as soon as you see a fake a fake people you'll know
I brought weaponry just for them good
I'm your friend I'm your friend
Maybe we'll take some calls but I'm sure we won't
Oh here's Tony E who hates you like poison oh yeah
Oh Joe's question made me think why are you gay
Oh boy
Why are you not a great quiet Tony
Yeah why are you an a-hole Tony I'll print it out and read it remember Tony E from the other day no I
Did it is ripping you an ass. Let's see somebody says my bad Neil I meant to say Howard Davis not Steve white oh God
I just got my names mixed up it must be the fact that all the hosts across the street never stop saying or mentioning Steve white
I don't even know who that is
Me either be program director
When you calm down just for clarification is not an inside job
I'm 22 year punk who doesn't work for either station or any station for that matter I just call like I see him by the way I'm proud of myself
I made George crack up
I've got to have a great weekend all of you I guess even the Beast balls in that well wish I'll be listening
Plunge your guts Neil and find a good machine monster's marry west
Okay, you're forgiven mario don't do it again
This this in relationship with these losers across the street that this is one of the reasons this place is failing so bad
If they would target like the entire audience is opposed to just the jock straps sniffing audience
Tony East is why Joe's question made me think why are you gay Joe's question how you doing with the ladies Neil
I mean other than that you seem pretty logical women are beautiful maybe you were just curious when you were little or you
Were molested or something happened to me you too I was not molested I'm still little but I was not molested yeah you might have wished you were not kidding
I don't get a new you must be a little off you are funny, but you had just had that defect oh well keep it straight dog
Says the Tony who's a real real in fact bigoted remember he was writing at the racist crap too. Yep, so he don't like anybody
Biggest name
Let me trust you guys
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty police stemming from an incident in an airport men's room
A defiant statement from Idaho Senator Larry Craig
I am not gay I have been gay I know I double all right. Let's have a little coming out party come on out and show us what you got
Hello
You go I am not gay I have been gay I
Know I know I know I know
Hello and
In 1982 the newspaper reported Craig had sex with a man in a bathroom at Union station in DC
But now I know your gay so it's all good girlfriend
Okay, 1117 now let's see tomorrow at Gulf Stream they're going to be given away a pair of tickets to the Super Bowl and Tampa next weekend and there will be a chance to win a new Honda CRB from Patan
Kahn, you want more info go to Gulfstreampark.com on the web of course he George there right now he's waiting in breathless and since it's right first race
Do it's only a little under two hours away 115
Excellent Steve's here if you want to tell him what what it is that we're going to do for that first race
I'm going to back back what and or the second
Well, yeah, we're betting the double excellent. We're back wheeling the three horse in the second race genuine diamond
Okay, I got off the 7 because she hasn't run in 14 freaking months for crying out there. There's two or three of them in there
I have a run sin a long long time. I don't like horses running after a long lay on okay
Okay, Josh Cortes to fake one or the real one. I don't know. Hey old man. You want stories posted on time. How about
Getting me a check on time. I haven't seen one dime from you and waiting too long a time you start paying more attention to my wallet and I'll start
Pay more attention to your insipid stories. Thanks Josh. Oh nice wallet Josh.
Pay attention to it. Yeah, snake skin. He's another slacker, you know.
Yeah, and then of course he wouldn't be doing the stories if it were for the fact that fat Chris Whalen is one of the laziest subhumans on the face of the globe.
I thought he was like, you know, pretty good guy. Yeah, even the beast was ripping him and asked this morning. Wow. Well, they, you know, they had their issues. Yeah, well, fat people generally like a feud, you know.
I had no idea fat family feud about fat birds of a feather flocked together. I bet you Josh Friedman don't get along with the beast at all. No, we get along just fine. Do you really? Yeah. Why you eat a few meals together? No, we've never actually had a meal together.
Oh, so in other words, there's no competition for food. They wouldn't share anywhere. Does he let you smell his cottage?
Anyway, here's the article from the New York, New York, New York, Henry King time to hang up the suspenders. You know what we mean, Larry? It's time for Larry King to start working for a smaller, more selective audience like his mirror on the eve of Barack Obama's inauguration.
He spent several minutes on his nightly CNN show, tracing how this historic moment represented the climax of Dr. Martin Luther King's dream. So did a lot of other talk, host and commentators, except that the way he presented it with archival video of himself, it seemed as if the dream came almost as much from Larry is from Martin Luther King.
Okay, everyone, everyone is ever hosted a successful talk show and there's no disputing the length of success of this one has an ego, but at a certain point it has to be tempered with a splash of reality and too many times lately Larry King seems to have skipped that part.
There's no other logical explanation for us telling Bob Woodward the other night that his eight year old son can and wants to be black. Black is in. Is this the turning of the tide question mark?
We'll take that as a rhetorical question, but King apparently is so mesmerized by the Obama victory that in just 10 years he also told us listeners we can have a lesbian in the White House.
By the end of next weekend, this place will be visualizing the oath of office for a midget telemarketer and the elephant man.
Now one of the ongoing charms of King's show for many years has been his random comments from another galaxy, a byproduct of the fact he proudly does no preparation for interviews referring to talk with guesses if he just randomly bumped into them on the elevator.
So when he interviewed Michelle Obama last year and the subject of her husband's presidential opponent John McCain came up, Larry flirted out that McCain is a US senator. I know replied Michelle politely.
At the end of that interview Larry's final remark was a reminder she had met him before she didn't say I know that time.
King is signed with CNN through through 2010 he'll presumably attract celebrity guesses long as he stays on the air because he's in attention getting brand and the questions are soft enough to stick a fork in and roast over a campfire.
But he has Ryan Seacrest in the crown prince's seat waiting to carry on his legacy.
So with that reassurance knowing America is fulfilled his dream, maybe it's time Larry King started limiting his conversation to people he really does meet on elevators.
York Daily News ripping Larry and assy so richly deserves.
What is that that I'm here in the back? I don't know what he heard the back.
I don't hear anything sounded like that scene in the hospital you know when Don Cologne is in the hospital.
And Michael walks in and the record is stuck and the record keeps you beating enough. I don't know that.
And it's like real hollow echoey inside the because there's nobody around.
They're all having a big Christmas party. All the nurses are having a big orgy with each other.
Oh, here's one about the beast. I can't wait. Oh, now don't tell me seconds back. Oh, go away.
Zach Zach array on pine. I thought I blocked your ass. Go away. And then he sends this to me twice.
Have you seen the jackass movie they dress up as old people and race with the scooter through publics?
I haven't seen it and I don't care about it. Go away. Zach.
Hey, me. We love the beast. He's a hundred times better than fact Chris. People like a funny fat guy like the beast and John candy.
Not a milk that like Chris way last. Give us what we want. More beast. Feed him too. You're as truly Marty.
Yeah. Feed him too. Yeah. Fat chance you're going to get food in there. Fat chance. That's good.
Oh, here's one from Jane Cooper City. Hey, Neil. Just wanted to tell you it's my birthday today. I'm going to the hard rock and plan on making a large deposit.
But maybe I'll win on the wheel of fortune. Wish me luck on my 34th Jane Cooper City.
Who's obviously sucking around for. For. We're in hell. Oh, there it is for this.
There you go, Jane. Orchard charge. Happy birthday. I just wanted to let you know it's my birthday.
Did they want to find that kind of an interesting way of putting it? Sure. I'm the world wants to know happy birthday.
Jay. Pond your guts out. And don't play wheel of fortune at the heart. Well, I don't know.
Now, where do you plan to be? Do you have a? I've been your heart rock and I've never won a costume right now.
We're not going to promote hard rock while George is a Gulfstream. I've never won there except on the George wants to damn cheap. He'd be out there playing the last time last year.
You were playing some machines while we were on here. Yeah, I lost my money in record time. Yeah, that's right. Save your money for the horses. That's right. Aim to do the only thing I've ever won down here is a video poker.
Yeah, silly time. I've ever won anything down here. Like how much? Five five six hundred bucks.
Lotto went the night here was 33 million to six forty nine. Nobody won it. So it's Saturday tomorrow night's going to be 43 million.
Now, of course, as an American citizen, I would have to pay taxes on that.
I don't know how to make a bet. I'm out like that because they would publicize it and it would be difficult to conceal unless, of course, I like deposited real fast and got like a wire transfer to some bank in some foreign country. Yeah, that's right. In the end of the case.
900 votes on the poll. I'm sure it can and I'm changing it.
With or without the approval of anybody else. That's the one thing we don't have fat Chris to like boss over the poll now.
Can you believe that he's so lazy? He won't even put the stories on there even for like that extra cash that he so desperately needs?
Yes, always cry and form out. One thing about people are always crying for mouth. I've noticed that they don't want to really work to make the money. You know, they want to hand out.
Who's gone furthest with the least talent is our full question. George W. Bush Madonna, Kissville, wall, Donald Trump, can't
erase tiny timber. He spears when with Paltrow Ron Jeremy Dan Quail Michael Jackson and coater sting Jay Leno. Adam Sandler. The only reason I say Jay Leno is because
them renewers to say that. Will Smith Katie Kirk Bob Hope lyric King the sex pistols Andy Kaufman Terrence Malik?
Who's that? I spall that M.A. L. I. C. K. Never heard of them MC Hammer AC DC Jauchel Gabor Kathy Lee Gifford. I'm voting for. I mean, it's hard to put politicians in with the, you know, performers. Yeah, I'm going with Jay Leno. Okay. Leno's up for Carson tonight.
Buga Buga. We sure miss old Mikey. I'll tell you that he was those are good days. Those were some fun days. At the time we thought they really sucked, but now in retrospect, right?
Especially with the jolly joe bill era.
Biggest name. Some best talent. You don't get no Rogers. Want a lot of pop little boy?
No. No. No. No.
Rustin and with right up to my knees. I was in the sky.
Now I'm in a sublime.
Water.
Crazy by toll.
A bag of blue diamond.
I'm not. It's floating by my nose. Under me. The Hudson. I could see.
A rocking port with both his feet. In a pocket of country.
I can take a stroll along the wind. Thanks to a pocket stupid piece. That is a water rush.
I'm dying on the hands.
132 at 560 W. The earlier email from Tom jica wasn't from the real Tommy. No. Well, I got the real Tommy. We can I have a code. I say so the real one says the email you read this morning wasn't for me.
Of course, unless somebody broke our code, which they did not. I have better things to do than obsess over what 940 is going to do. Tell George. I love him to.
I love him.
I love him.
I love him.
I love him.
You have bad taste. So I call you on it. What's wrong with that? I have bad taste. No, I actually have excellent taste.
Tell George. He's the least manly sounding voice on the radio. You sound so much compared to him. At first, I used to think he was the gay one.
Anyways, he may be a head of robot. He sounds effeminate. There's no denying it. Some Cuban sound that way. So here we go with some shots of Cubes to one thing about Tony. He hates everybody. I know he's just a big.
He's very nasty old bastard. He's very bitchy like an old queen. He thinks he's an authority educated on every possible topic. He's clueless about religion, movies, women and radio. Tell that piece of ish to pipe down and butch up. Love you, Neil Tony. Go to hell Tony. Drop dead.
Dial wicket death. You're what's wrong out there. You are exactly what's wrong.
Nasty, hateful sour and of course behind the anonymity of the phone, he fake emails with the phone, he names you can write. Be a big shot. I have bad taste. I absolutely have some of the best taste in the world. Believe me.
900 votes on the pool, which is outgoing and George Bush did not belong in this other one. You know, Sean from Hollywood. So take it out.
Yeah, take it off of there, Eric. Please George W Bush. Who has gone furthest with the least talent? I mean, you don't talk about politicians talent. You know, anything negative that bush would be on a pool. He's going to win the landslide. It's pointless. Right. So Eric will take that off.
God. Here's the previous one. 900 vote. What's that? What's all that rattling going on? I mean, I'm rattling my headset. Well, don't be rattling.
I get rattled when I hear sounds like that. If my boss gave me a pink slip tomorrow to the bad economy, whatever my reaction would be, what do I, what will I do now? 188 F you 178 deep depression, 92 more time for weed and beer 86.
Yippee unemployment benefits food stamps 80. No problem. I have a new job lined up tomorrow 56. I understand why you have to let me go 46. Yippee and extend vacation 40.
I always hated this job anyway 36. No problem. My spouse has a job 30. Take this job and shove it 29. I'd go want to go postal and kill some people 25. I can't go on. I want to die. Seven. If I don't see you soon, I'm going to die. No problem. I got my second job to fall back on seven. I've 900.
I have a crappy poll. I mean, we got a lot of polls lined up there that people have emailed. I just keep flipping them on there and flipping them on. But just don't need like real, anyone's that really just do it for me.
Yeah. Well, I have to go back. Well, here's I eat again. Just tuned in. Is that the beast I hear in the background? Oh my God. I just says last time I heard the beast I heard him along arguing another guy about how nice the shoes were called crocs.
When I finally got a chance to look at them, I thought to myself, he's got as much fashion sense as a fruit fly. You got as much fashion sense as a fruit fly beast. I agree. Crocs. What are crocs? They're those plastic clogs that are not meant for men. No, sure they are for fat men. Tell Georgia. I said, hello, good luck. I wish I could be there, but I'll be there in spirit. I'm squeezing my Santa. Rea beads as we speak. All right. Georgia. I hope you have the beads. Your mom brought you for your daughter. Maybe something you love.
He has tell me go. They're all going to laugh at you. One point one only by the allowing us to know that he even I doesn't expert on the number. He knows that a one point one share. Just don't cut it. Even if you think that you're rock solid.
Yeah. Let's have rocks in your skull. Whoever put him on in there in the daytime when people are awake. That was the rockhead bonehead former teammate of Babe Ruth dies. Somebody I never heard of. I've actually the beast never heard of me.
I'm not a leader. Who bill Werber never heard of the oldest living former major leader and a former teammate of Babe Ruth is died. He was a hundred years old.
Weber son Bill Jr said his father died yesterday morning of old age. After moving into an assisted care facility three weeks ago. See, that's what happens with old people.
They shove us into like some kind of a nursing home and then we curl up and die. 100 years old though. I think that's enough.
Yeah, a career 271 hitter with led the American League and stolen bases three times. War were played with Ruth Lou Gary Jimmy Fox and lefty Grove instance with the Yankees and Red Sox.
War was also a member of the 1940 World Series champion Cincinnati Reds and a Duke first all American baseball player basketball player.
Bill Werber never heard of you hear him beast. No. Too late now he was a hundred years old and he croaked. He died of old age.
When that quite a revelation, the fact that he died of a no what was the cause of death 100 years old you have to have a cause of death right old freaking age.
He expired that that's right. His heart gave out his organs caved in but sure is noisy there if the Gulf.
It tends to be. What are they doing in the back. There are announcing things that people are showing up.
Starting to see. Crashes in the first two races by the way. I was scratching myself just a few minutes ago. I'm sure that I still see George W Bush on that pull.
I'm sure Eric will get out of it. Still on there. Really pisses me off.
You're sure not getting your money. No. You're sure not you sure not getting you money. No says a PR Ralph. What? I think he's lost it.
Oh, Adleric came to the Everlasting list of people lost money with Bernie made off.
A perfectly placed source at the host of CNN's Lurikin live lost over a million bucks with made off. It was a lot of money.
King spokesman Howard Rubenstein declined to comment the first loss would explain why the usually.
The U.S. King 75 has been so quiet about the made off scandal. Even when it was announced that celebrities like Kevin Bacon and Cura Sedgwick were among those who lost their life savings with a Ponzi scheme mastermind.
It wouldn't be the first time King has faced financial fall out in 1978. He declared bankruptcy paid six before the two years ago.
The King owed money to creditors Miami Beach. Joanne Bond the author of Miami Beach Memory said some local snarl just a dimension of his name. That's right.
In 2006 King sued the Merlin based Meltzer group claiming the insurance brokerage cheated him in connection with $15 million in personal life insurance policies while losing a million bucks to made off his severe one source said King made seven million year from CNN under a contact through 2010.
He just has to stay healthy enough to keep working and squeezing that bag. He suffered an art attack and in 2007 underwent hard surgery for a cardoid endartectomy. What is that? Never heard of it.
His wife Sean mother of their sons Jason Cannon recently went through rehab prediction to painkillers. Meanwhile King is not the only one in queasy help several sources of total paid six that made off himself as serious health issues. Thank God somebody who said the former money manager has pancreatic cancer made off lawyers to climb to comment.
When you know what they say the Lord works in mysterious ways and it still says George W. Bush 28 votes on the pool. I just got a texted Eric.
You can text Eric and tell me get rectified. Get it to the hell off of there now Eric. We don't want to be pushy but get it off of there now.
It's Friday you bastard.
Oh
11 is what they got
It
You
You
You got 13 to noon at 560 WQ I'm happy Friday to you boy this week just when zooming by I don't know why good. Yeah good is right.
We got the beast here today instead of nobody.
And that's because George is out of costume. We got to have somebody sitting in there to play the spots and coordinate and whatever.
Right come watch the juggling show.
What is happening we're all juggling out here. I'm learning how apparently everybody knows how to juggle except me.
You jiggling it. Leakin juggle. Steph can juggle everybody can juggle except Josh quarters is a really good juggler. I can't. Yeah I'll bet Beast can juggle. Maybe that's what he was doing yesterday.
What is supposed to put those stories on the website is juggling. Mm-hmm. He was juggling it. So we're taking turns. Maybe he had his hands in both pants pockets and was juggling.
Zek says Zek see this is the problem. Zek some of you people just don't understand. I put up with almost anything only the most chronic and irritating of all of them are the ones that I block on the emails and just get totally fed up with right.
So there must have been a reason why I got just nauseated with Zek. Hey Neil why are you so mean to me I thought you were cool.
I tried to get you as a buddy on my space man. Come on man peace and love. Oh.
Is that pathetic or what? Who in a life's life is that he's Zek. I have no life. And what kind of a name is that anyway Zek ZEC. I have no life. I don't want to tell me Zachary.
Zacharius Zacharias. Is that what it is? My son's Hebrew name. It's Hebrew. My son's Hebrew name is Zacharias. Tell us about your son. What would you like to know? How's he doing?
Much better than he was a month ago. Just a month ago he was in bad shape. Very bad yes. Really what's he got? He had his lungs shut down he almost died. Oh my God.
Now is that because you keep eating the baby food and you won't let him eat or what? No he had a massive virus. He had a what? A virus.
Well it sounds to me like you guys aren't taking care of that child. There's no other sounds like George. Call HRS. Yeah there you go. Call HRS on the beast. They're not taking good care of that baby. They got for my wife. Is she nice? Very nice.
See the one thing about the beast he loves his wife and she's very nice and he says nice things about her as opposed to George who rips his wife and ass just all the time. Yep. Yep. And why do you think that is beast if you met George's wife?
I have I think she's lovely. She is lovely. She's like everybody but me. She's about three feet taller than George. Yep. She hates me like poison but no she does not. I'm saying he doesn't. She doesn't. Where would you keep making that up?
Because I remember the one thing at borders that time when she started to come over and say hi and I was just about to get up and give her a hug and a kiss and whatever and some listener came by and wanted an autograph. Yeah. And as a result I just kind of like.
I'm like. You know I'm back down in my chair for a second and I signed the autograph and then I went over to your wife. She loves you dearly. You know how to hear I'm telling you.
Hates me like poison. You just make that up. You make stuff up all the time. Just like that one email or oh you got to take your red. Joe that was that Gary Gold barb and we said.
Yeah. I remember you. I've got. Remember that crap. Sure. How my legacy is never going to be complete unless I take care of George and George ought to be making 250 300 grand a year.
Any other crap on you Yentza out there man sticking your nose and everybody else is business. It's one of the reasons South Florida blows and even though Gary Gold barb is in New Orleans or whatever it's a good place for you Gary. You're another idiot.
How can we complain how if we can't call how can we complain.
The sound of South Florida.
I bet your customer is going to be doing that on Monday morning. I bet you can't do it like I do. Nobody can. Nobody nobody can do that like I do.
And that's because I read that on the emails incessantly all the time. Now a beast it's almost new. We've been on two hours. You seeing the phone calls.
There's been like two. No, I don't mean that what do you mean you're answering them? No, I've seen the phone light up. That wasn't the question. I'm not saying that we're getting any why would anybody call when they know I'm not taking any. Oh, they do anyway.
Are you missing them? No. Maybe they could put what's his name on? What's his name? The one I was talking about before stormy storm camp. Oh, I'm sure he'd be happy. Yeah. Call up and Carl. You know Carl the sports nerd. No, I don't. Carl sure.
Yeah, Beast knows Carl. He's another one of the highest week. He voices. It sounds a little like guilty. Like a dark, complex guilty and Richie from Hollywood and. Oh, not Richie from Boris. Oh, him too.
And Mark the Jets fan. He doesn't call him. See one thing about Joe. He'll talk to anybody. That's the thing that really just bugs me. I love Joe madly, but even with that big head. But he just he'll talk to anybody. He doesn't realize that these people are hurting him. It's like, oh, now that we got to Beast on now.
We can really nail it to the wall. Okay. Who is making the decisions to keep putting Drew Rosencrantz towards an Alex Marvez on that show. And I were a windbag on a mandat show. I think that comes from the top. No, Clarence comes from your boyfriend Clarence. I believe so. And Joe don't have the cajon's and manage to have the cones to say, hey, these people are a tune out. Nobody wants to hear that crap a million times a week. No, they love that stuff. They do. Yeah, because I mean, let's work for them. Oh, I see. So.
In other words, Joe Rosenman and manager lazy is what you said. No, so. That's as a bulletin for you. Beast on the near Roger show announces the world that Joe Rosen,
manager lazy. They're mailing it in. Jim Madditch is not lazy. Yeah, but he can't follow two hours of dead air. He just doesn't do it well. When he used to follow me, he used to have big numbers. He did great.
When we had the real winning lineup on there before they screwed the Humper over. But he doesn't follow two hours of dead air. We do well. We had,
I mean, just stop and think of the people we've had doing two to four. First there was that. And then we had that. And then we had coming at you. That. And now we got rock solid. That with a 1.1 share.
I mean, how do you follow a four or six or whatever we had in the one o'clock hour with a one one? I don't know.
In fact, the nine o'clock hour sucked to it was a one something. Am I right George? Yes. I'll find it. It's there. Let me give you the right numbers. One six. Yeah, you can. I was in up all these numbers. One point six at nine o'clock.
Little dog. I was not the hour that he usually has du Rosenstein crants. I have no idea. Yeah, well, it is. See, you don't even listen to. I know. I don't listen. Why not? God. I've been listening to you. Listen to the ticket. You're listening to your buddy said.
No, I know. Definitely not. No, I think it really gets to you when your buddy said is on here. He lets out with a. Roy.
Roy. Remember Roy Foster with that big black dildo? Yes. We still have that. You know, do it. Yeah, you. I've ever you putting it on my head.
He wanted to work the way man or in the best way. I'm not really sure. He was well. He was hot for that big black device.
I think anyone had one of the one's grand saw. Man, she was shrieking up and down a hallway. Good old. She's still there. How?
And she still is. Yes, over there on the other side of the building. That's right. Who has gone furthest with the least town? That's our poll question. Our new one.
55 votes on this one. Not this one's not going over real big. Can't imagine why. Oh, a medical note. What does this say?
A cartoid and our act to me is when they slice open your neck, open the cartoid arteries and scoop out all the ice cream and.
Max that is going there over your lifetime. It's done after a stroke to prevent a recurrence. Well, I had two of mine or strokes.
I have it in his group open my neck. Here's this Tony. It is. How much does George make? Let me tell you. No, you. Do you pay him at least 40 grand?
I don't pay George. Do I pay you at least 40 grand? More little guy needs to make a living. Just share the wealth with the spec. He says they like that.
Yeah, real nice Tony. Let me block that moron. That's simple. Tony. God. What? I wonder how many of these come from the.
You know, the same street. Oh, the same person. No question. Oh, from across. But who that person is, you know, some of life's less in you know, there may be Howard Davis. What's the PD's name?
Steven White. Steven White. Is Steven White? He is. And tall. You know, you know, I'm you hang out with him all your sports and it's him. No, I've never I've only met him once. And what kind of a guy? What kind of a jerk was he? He seemed. He seemed just fine.
What does that mean? I don't know. I met a talker for 30 seconds. Yeah. And he seemed just fine. What did you guys talk about? Ball games? Nothing.
We were in line to get our credentials for the Super Bowl last time. Really? When? The last time the Super Bowl was here. Oh, last time. Yeah.
How come I never heard his name before? I guess I'm just not a good thing. I guess I'm just not as wrapped up with what goes on across the street with a bunch of losers over there as the rest of you guys at QAM are not me.
Man. In fact, if you if you took QAM's staff out of the equation, they wouldn't even have a zero share across the street. That's how small they're audience. And you know, that's true.
Remember when that station with more testies distrater was on here that 1690 sports, whatever that thing was. 1700 to the fact. Yeah. No. The only people. And I mean the only people listen to that. But the people inside the QAM building.
And some of the night and whenever I am in Miami, I listen to neuroadjust for two hours. Money has got a little bit tidalight. I only have this much money. I declare bankruptcy.
She's spending me to the ground. I'm broke. Tell my daughter. No, she don't realize daddy going to spank me.
From my daughter. Your daddy's little girl. Your dad took money for this group book fair. Let me just go shopping. New graduates are asking for a breast implant.
Okay. Now let's see. Here's a email from George to text. I mean, a text message. Well, whatever it is. Sure. No problem. Talk to Steve and let him tell us what's going on. Right. He'll be around. He'll be he's gone on his way down.
And the food here. So I'm going to be talking with you know, my mouth. Well, what food is here? What we get watch here. They feed us.
I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have
to it. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't have toaces back other ways. I don't have to Breakfast.
I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to try to go. I don't have to go ahead. I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to offer them. I don't have to offer to go. I don't have to offer to go.
six horse in the double. All six two dollar and you're going to explain what that means to me again, right?
Well, I mean that means you got all the horses in the forest which
there are eight of them so that's 16 bucks. Okay, you got a two dollar double
So that means anybody that wins the first race you're still alive. All right
Still alive they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
And you hope of course you hope for the longest shot on the board in the first race you get a nice double nice
And maybe Steve can tell me what's going on? Are there any scratches in the first erasings?
You look out on a total board. Do you see any information? He's running over there to take a look right now, right?
Maybe they'll scratch two or three in the second race, but I know that second rate well the first race is impossible to make
One of the reasons for that being that
Whoever sent me this and I appreciate it very much, but it's that that's master for Gulfstream
It's not from the racing form the second race that I got from the racing form
And I'm used to handicrapping from that
But this other thing I can't make us where where the speed rating is where they are
Not scratch it go. What no scratches? No scratches good scratch this so Steve got that all all six is got it two dollar doubles all six
Now that's 16 bucks. We don't want to start y'all
Well, you know, and then one good thing about when you back we like that
Mm-hmm
And you have all the horses alive in a first race that means that carries you through at least the first race
So when we get to the second race you don't have to make another bed
You see what I'm saying right because you're gonna be alive
You're gonna be the winner in the first race, but all depending on if it's like a short price
You're not gonna win did Lee squad so who'd you pick for Frank for our contestant?
I just got your tell you the six all right
Well, I'm gonna bet you think I'm gonna have you bet something other than what I bet
I'm gonna bet that to my god that sounds like sus-suspect to me. I call for an investigation on that
Mm-hmm. Let's get rock back black joy of it
Black boy
You know this I hear this haircut
There's a president Obama talking with Nancy Pelosi with the red dress building people to account to tracking where those dollars
Very read who looks like a dead man in a suit form taking a look at those companies
I'm discussing the economy and who we gonna pay out next who we're gonna give our money to next
Here's the way I look at it if you screw up bad and you can't stand business then tough luck too bad right you done
Joe judge says I hate Jimmy syphilis
Usually don't listen to other radio, but took in 30 minutes of his morning show today of that 30 minutes 15 minutes
Work commercials 10 minutes on three separate traffic reports leaving Jimmy long enough to mention how much he admire Sean
Hannity and rush is it still a show if you're on for less than five out of 30 minutes?
50 minutes commercial 10 minute traffic report out of the 30 minutes 25 minutes
Well, I think they've got it figured you know they who I want to hear him anyway, and by the way Jimmy
I don't see any emails from you now that they're gonna move
It's secure America down the dial to six ten and blow your ass out of there although maybe Jimmy can stand in the morning and become a liberal now
He seems to go whichever the way the wind is blowing a Jimmy you can
Here's a picture of math Damon some of the email mama B mama B's a good emailing
Cinco be lots of good crap changing channels Glenn Garvin on TV in the hero
South Florida's lazy paparazzi
Man, we can't do anything right around here. He writes even our paparazzi are lazy in second rate
interviewing mad Damon for a story that'll appear Sunday asked him what it's like living on Miami Beach as he has for the past four years
Instead of in Los Angeles where the movie TV industry is located the answer from Matt great
Here I don't have to deal with any of the nonsense he said all the proper paparazzi live in LA
There are guys waiting outside the gates to your house 24 7
But here my wife and I figured out pretty quickly
It's only on the weekends because Miami paparazzi have day jobs
They can't hang around all the time so we just never go out on the weekends the only time I leave is to go jogging
One of the guys stopped me once and said can't you do something besides jog
I've got like 20,000 pictures of you jogging and I said man, that's the whole point
Can't you like pick your nose or stick your hand up your ass and do something really you know
controversial whip your thing out
Although to be very honest with if you saw the talented mr. Ripley
I don't think he needs to whip anything out. I think we already saw in that green bathing suit boy
I'm really sure what was in it it might have been like you know
some slim gyms
Anyway
Lenses I spent an afternoon this week hanging around the cook at a growth studio where Damon was taping the narration for an episode
The PBS environmental series journey to planet earth for more of his opinions on spies torture the war in Iraq and infomating
Act fish check out Sundays Miami Harrel's is Glenn Garvey. Okay Glenn
I like my team and okay just fine. He's okay. He's okay. He's a demon. I don't like what's his name? Ben Affleck
Ben
Yeah, careful careful how you used to know I know I know
So I wonder if they occasionally still get together. There's two every now and then
Maybe they have a special you know friendship like John Travolta and then Annie. Yeah
Ron says Neil you don't know nothing about sports
Sports Ira is very good. Oh about sports nerding
Ira's very good. He's knowledgeable and he makes sense
Now the agent is a different thing. He sucks meaning Drew Rosencrantz team house bird
I mean he really sucks. Why would you listen to a sports agent on a regular basis?
Kirk what's his name is also pretty good. Oh, yeah Kirk Jirks Street. Yeah sure he sucks
I think I've mentioned before to you that Joe Rose sucks. Okay. I can't stand yelling at me
Can't they moderate the volume with some type of technical doodad when he's on I say replace him with guildies is Ron
Oh, yeah, I wonder what the beast would say about that. I like holding
Replace Joe Rose with guilty that was see you come up with some non-sequitur that wasn't the answer to the question
What do you think you're replacing Joe Rose with guilty? I like golly a lot
Do you think that's a good idea?
That's above my pay grade
You're so full of crap you know you you like to pretend that you're Mr. Big Shot Mr
You know all this other crap you're a wimp. What do you want to know? You're afraid I asked you the question because
This idiot Ron says replace Joe Rose with guilty which I think is one of the most outrageous
Suggestions in the history of the subhuman race replace anybody with
I guess he wants us to at least be consistent throughout today of the 10 and 2 and get like you know zeros and ones
Zero oh oh what kind of a number is that?
What kind of a number is this not even a number? Oh?
Am I right? Yeah, yep who in their right mind ever heard of a
Means nobody is listening if you're looking the average quarter hours on that column on the page
It says zero keep our listeners
I mean, what's the point of even spending the money to keep the juice going to keep the transmit?
They're not oh point. Oh, they're not spending anybody
What does that mean? Well, we they're not spending money. What do we run in about 10 watts?
really
that oh
We got the swillies this Senate replacement where the hell is it? Didn't I print it out? Oh
My god
Cursed in Gillibrand. How come I don't have that story? I
Printed it out and I must have thrown it away right away
She serves on the House Armed Services Committee Agriculture Committee and she was chosen to fill a swillies
ascendancy
New York governor David Patterson elected representative
Cursed in Gillibrand a 42-year-old kind of a swimmer from upstate New York who's known for bold political moves and
the centrist policy positions
Defiled the C vacated by swillery to be Secretary of State and thank God Caroline Kennedy came to her sense and said oh not me
See, I don't understand this whole thing because her name is Kennedy therefore she's qualified to be in the Senate
Yeah, what kind of crap is that are you eating or talking or what do you know it? Oh?
Well, let's do the break until George is the mean cuz if you start eating talking with your mouthful again like yesterday
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized
Yeah, it's great. Matthew's playing hot pop at 2009. I tell you what I got fat over the break
I ate so much turkey when the doctor put his hand up my color to do my exam. He pulled out stuffing
I'm serious. There's actual breadcrimes and chopped onion not that you care
But it's gonna be a tough year for yours truly. I can't bitch moan wine. I can't play anymore because my guys in the white house
Maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people are gonna have me. I've only wanted a habit
Maybe I'll learn to play the trumpet on the sofa phone
Stop and lost my mind for a minute nobody cool places
Soap phone. It's impossible to look cool. Why you had that big donut around your head
Why don't you always make the fat kid play the sofa? Anyway, let's get right to play hot bar my first guest with
2009 is the president of the United States. I should say outgoing George Bush. How are you?
You have a crazy laugh. Anybody ever tell you that?
You make me nervous. Why are you looking at my zipper? Does it bother you having a last name Bush? Does it answer the question?
Well, go ahead. Go ahead times up don't answer that question my next guest on hot bar first episode
2009 don't have another guest real life people don't like me anymore. Well come on to program
Ha ha. I gotta talk to nine issue people like congressman for Maine. What the hell gets 2009 makes me the news anchor most likely to play the
Soap phone up on back for another year on MSNBC happy new year
1217 at 560 wq. I'm so George is out of Gulf Stream and Steve Calabro
Calabro Calabro get it right looks like a real gangster looks like a busy
He doesn't want to pinstripe his pack and heat you have so looks like you have a camera great
Well, maybe he can fix one of the machines for you. I think he has a union job here
Maybe he can set you up with the guy that fixes the machines. It's amazing. You're psychic. No, he doesn't go ahead talk to him
Tell he'll tell you himself you fix the machines me. I hear you're a wheel of fortune fan. Yes, I am
Well, we've got some of the best wheel of fortune. We're getting some new ones to actually coming in in about two weeks
The newest wheel of fortune they've got but did you try out our new one e-base locks just came in first time in Florida
Never ever any other casino in in in the state of Florida
Yeah, one of the hottest games going right now. It's on our finish line casino. So you walk into the world. What about deal or no deal?
Deal or no deal. We've got it right in the finish line casino
Matter of fact, it's it's been hitting unbelievable. It's
Pretty much hits every other day or every day the jack this is the jackpot hits
Neil did you hear what happened last week here? No, I did not last week. We paid out a
$250,000 jackpot
250,000 oh by the way two days prior to that we paid out two
Just two separate 50,000 dollar jackpots last night a guy 130,000. Wow. We've been paying him out this year. So you playing
I'm coming on the
It's the timing is right. I'm a Toronto man. I'm on the way to woodbinding to a clock
We got to get on an airplane. It's sunshine millions weekend. I actually when I was down there the last summer
I did pretty good in the beginning and then I made a bad mistake and went back
You know, you know how that goes? He got to clear what your head you guys always find a way to get it back
No matter how much we win you guys always find a way to get it back
Well, we've got some new games since you've been here
You know right now we've got probably the latest and greatest not probably definitely the latest and greatest slot machines
We've got Fort Knox quick hit. We've got hot shot
You know like I said you know, let me let me ask you something
Why is that game so popular every casino that I've been to every all the hop my shot machines are always packed
You know what people sitting there and and I played it a few times and and you get three of those things
And then you get like the little the little tiny slot machine that spins and it never pays the jackpot
It never pays anything. Well, you know what it is. I take I'd say it's got the big jackpot right now ours is $37,000
So that's that's the big carrot out there and it does have
From a technical standpoint never hits no the math is fabulous on that it just it didn't hit when you were there
Neal oh my god
We saw you come it not on just kidding. I'm only to you name it to Toronto to Montreal
I've seen it hot shot and you know, it's a fun game to play you got to get the three little things that come up
Hot shot and then the little tiny slot machines come up and you got like three or four different levels
And if they if they hit then you win a little jackpot, but it never hits well
We got ten of them upstairs and they were so popular upstairs
We just put six additional hot shots in our finish line
You can put a thousand of them in there. No, be packed. I don't understand what the attraction is
I don't I don't get it. You're a real fortune guy. You're a real man
I am and the bad news is it would buy and they're taking the they're they're redoing the machines to some other games starting in February
Late February and they're taking real fortune out. Yeah, I think they're getting real
You know the economy the way there's I think they're getting teed on don't you guys have to pay like a royalty for real
A fortune. Yeah, we pay a daily fee
But what wheel of fortune is the most popular game in the country that is correct in the world
Yeah, in the world it matter fact, you know a lot of games slot machines they'll last for it
They'll have a lifespan of about two years, you know, they kind of go like sort of fads not wheel of fortune
It's the only one that really bucks a trend so you're a trend center nail
No, I just like that game because I want a ton of money on it last four and a half years. Oh, okay
That's that's a good reason isn't that what people like to play is whatever they win on
I mean isn't that your favorite machine is the one that pays that's your plan exactly
Hey, Neil, we got we also have tomorrow you got a shot while you're playing in the casino
To win a million dollars really yeah, we got you know
We got sunshine millions during the day in terms of a horse race and in the afternoon starting at three o'clock
Every hour till midnight. We're gonna pick one lucky guy one lucky customer
If you're playing as long as you're playing on a slot machine
We randomly pick somebody and we give them a shot to pick out
Three out of 21 envelopes and if the numbers inside the envelopes add up to a million dollars you go home with a sunshine million
I'll be there. I'm telling you she get on an airplane
Yeah, I should
What I think sounds maybe Georgia to be there tomorrow and you can like
Fishing up Georgia. Yeah, if you rig it up now, let me ask you this
I'm really curious what with the economy the weight is right now like the end of the world
Do more people gamble or do people use their discretionary dollars for different things?
But you know what we've seen Neil is that customers seem to be more customers
Especially in the last three months and in January more customers are coming to Gulfstream Park and
I think they're there I know when you look at the numbers in Florida
They're just not going to our competitors at the same level our competitors are down about
10 20 percent we've been up about 20 percent so I think what the customers are looking for a good value
And we offer that in terms of our all of our promotions and all of and our good slot machines
So like for instance in promotions tomorrow our chance to win in million dollars if you're coming for the races
You got a shot at winning a super bowl tickets were given a car give away
So there's a lot of value here so so the customers in these kind of tough times are going where it's a where it's a better value
In Gulfstream Park. We definitely got it right now. Okay. Well, let's fix up the first two races so George can win a few bucks
That's right. I did some money. Okay. We'll do that. Okay. Thanks a lot Steve. All right Neil. Appreciate it
Okay, watch where you walk when I pinstrived suit
Good luck. He's here. They watch where you walk
Take care
Yeah, he sounds like a mover and shaker. Oh boy
Sound like he got all the next day because I want to smooth with this guy
Well, how can you talk like that about it guys? Stand right there and you're talking about he's a
It's on the radio. He pulls out a gun and shoots me everybody. You'll know it and hear it. Yeah
In a safe place lots of pain in the ass innocent bystanders around here
I wonder if he eats it runway 84. Did you ever go in that place? No, I never did
I'm sure he's wherever he wants to that is one of the most interesting restaurant and the food is I like it
There's some people all over the this is rubbery and I like it. They give you way too much food. That's one of the problems
But why shouldn't be promoting other restaurants because they got fine restaurants right there at Gulfstream
But you know, they're not all the other people aren't gonna all close down because we're doing Gulfstream today
And we're just might anyway run away 84 a lot of interesting guidos in that place man with pinstrived suits and big fedoras
And it looks like they're filming Godfather for in there in 1984
does
Okay, here's our poll who's gone for this with the least talent and
Colter mancolders got seven Britney Spears seven Madonna seven. How many votes we got on this turkey?
What do we got why should print it out again?
Hundred and twelve I'm way behind I better print it out. It's all right. Well, you're doing that
I want to thank Shirley for out buying a ticket for me
She bought you a ticket on what yeah?
The first race is it's the first race thief?
Five bucks to win on the four horse on the four. Yeah, just laid it on me
Let's see the four is the red fox that's that chippin from Tampa what where did you say?
Oh for 12 lifetime five-year-old gilding ran 12 times
A last year was three times second five out of 11 in the money last year and
Then did that run this year? Yeah, January 4th of Tampa, oh nine
Had a tightener like I told you the fours got a shot the red fox
Thank you, Shirley
Thanks, Shirley. Oh, is that our Shirley my emailer? Yeah, oh
Wasn't I what the what kind of person is she a very sweet wonderful person? Well good and she bought you a five-dollar ticket yeah
And what's the odds on the four in the first is the are they have the odds for the first race up yet or not?
It's a tourling. No, it's tourling
Get out of here Tampa 8 downs. Oh wait a minute. Here's my favorite race guy
In a funny way although actually I like that guy. It's a freezer downs. I wonder what happened to him
He already got a big last week. What Canada taking me Tampa Bay down to the one another Saturday
See there you go. He's giving me a special salute in Canada
Taking the signal to sac an on he's getting and he's taking these poppin pills right now this guy
You're in condition and camp is fast and the turf course firm and they're off and they're off and
Then he gets more hyper from there
How come we are bitten on the first race from Tampa Bay downs? You could be betting on the Simon casting and losing a lot all afternoon
But yeah, remember we used to bet on a woodbine and the runners. This is enough pressure current three to five favorite number eight all about mama
All about mama
Mr. Richmond sir steps in yeah mama now waiting for the great coat all about mama
This guy is a space so many race callers who are a space now
Maybe goes with the territory. The new Jersey Brad takes his spot
They're out the other sirens coming to get this guy here. No, hold it there. Yeah
They're coming to take this clown away. They're in a gate
They're all in
And
They're off a way in running unthinkable is a way alertly on the outside there goes deputy Kate now moving up in the speedy
Golds are quickest of all far outside the favorite all about mama's underway
But five wide and already far back at the early going is he's all that
They swing around the far turn fire rage on the outside now moves up toward the rail golds are up on the far outside
Is all about mama and unthinkable makes it for across the track
Then it's two and half links by the back mr. Richmond star is toward the rail
Then it's a gap of three to deputy Katen five links by the back northern by you and far far back is he's all about that
That's the eight of them as they turn into the stretch three sixteenths of a mile to run toward the rail as golds are up on the outside
All about mama runs at the later second fire ridge there between our sister
Mr. Richman sir with a link run down along the inner rail for it inside the final print on
Golds are has a hundred yards to come all about mama one last final lunch at the later all about mama on the outside is up in that shadow of the
Where
Are you growing tired of sports?
Already oh
Well, we are too
Let me just feel like
How's that the management at five sixty WQ am finally grew up there and we call them the suds and rig pulled out my floppy last night
Clean it starting this Monday 60 10 a.m. It's the suds and Rick Joe jam it only on five sixty WQ am
I got some good news for you and that is the five dollar win ticket on the four horses like a
Thing
Because the four is the favorite in the first race of Gulf Stream 9 to 5
Okay, so it's like a backup in other words if the truck wins
It's going to be a lower double but you'll have five bucks to win
We're still like that a paper much nine to five is like
Five ready for two bucks. They've already got the bets down. I got my little ticket hill
You're not paying attention what I'm telling done what oh, it's not that I'm not paying attention
So that I don't understand it
Surely is five dollars to win on the favorite
Means that even though your double would be lower if the four wins at least you have another a few bucks for the four winning the race
Okay, assuming assuming your course that is that and then even if the six doesn't win the second race
You still can cash on the four. I'm just trying to give you like a little hope. Okay. Thank you handy handy camping these two races is like you know
What are you gonna do so what does Steve say there about everybody's winning millions there at Gulf Streams?
How many said that's right? They just got bags of money laying around
Everywhere people are trying to get over money over here
Actually, I said down I won like six seven hundred bucks in the first 20 minutes there in that last summer
Yeah, I'm on squeal of fortune. I forget what I hit
But and then after later I went back and not so good, but you know a fool in his money soon farted
Who's gone the furthest with the least talent? Okay, we got 112 votes and
Mancorder 15 Kathy Lee delivered 13. It's tight
Larry King and Britney Spears 12 a piece Madonna 9 tiny teammate Adam Sandler 7 kiss 7 Danny quail 6
Cano Reeves 6 Toronto boy Deca and O Reeves who cares does it go for Katie Kirk 3 J. Lennon 3 will Smith 2 Ron Jeremy 2. He's got a peer
When his countro 2 Donald Trump 2 Bill Walsh 2 Andy Coppin 1 Bob Hope 1 none none yet for AC DC MC Hammer Terrence Milleek
Sex pistols sting or Michael Jackson. How could anybody what why would sting and Michael Jackson be on there?
Some people I don't know don't think they have any talent. I don't know
When I really stings stink that hoids that hoids bad
And of course that was a Sean, you know, that was this pull I guess
Maybe he doesn't like he can he show up there. Did he come? No when I replied to his email this morning and said yeah
Show on up combine bring your girl friend while you are okay. Let's see what kind of a person you are
Right here. I think that's neat. That's really actually showed up and bought you the $5 went to him. I'm
Belly on the chalk no less. You know what you know what I think about the chalk all the chalk that's the first race at Tampa right
Not by much. What was the horse mama mama don't give a crap?
Mama negra 2 to 1 2 to 1 on the four so 5 bucks to win is like 15 bucks. You'd make 10 bucks there. You'd almost cover your
16 boxes, so you got a little back up there you covered your bed surely do cover it for it. Thank you Shirley
Thanks, Shirley. Of course that doesn't mean the four is gonna win because that that race. Oh my god
Tell Steve I asked the what glue factory they found the horses for in the first race
No, seriously. I mean it's just
And I'm still trying to make heads heads or tails of that
Erisatz racing form that somebody sent me. What is it called?
I don't know what those call but I can't I can't make heads or tails of it
It's called stat master for Gulfstream stat master. I mean you know all the years that I read the racing form I read it just fine
I understand it. I know about it. I know about the buyer speed ratings. I know that Andy buyer probably a full of crap but nevertheless
I'm looking at this thing and it just oh
It's harder read it
Stats master, but then again, I've been away from the flat for so long. You know saying if we were doing harness racing like from the meadows
Or like that I could be right on top of it, but we're not
Now what's going on with the emails are we done with that because we got 22 minutes. Yeah, there's nothing
Bubber there's nothing in that view
There's a whole bunch of polls though. I'll send that and my friend Ken from Atobico
Send me the latest offering from Al Goldstein's blog
Okay, and Ken's comment is I think he's getting worse by the week
I doubt that he could be any of this could be repeated on your show. I hope you'll enjoy it
Well anything from Al Goldstein blog there have to be a lot of those in there
bronze barracks
Okay, that's that's the header I say on L's
Not the L's I'm sure he did blogging ass
He says the world has been transformed by the inauguration of a raccoon saying Obama son of an African I
Am a lowly diseased Jew bastard a white
I was bred by a mother who my father
Educated in the streets of Brooklyn join the army during Korea because I didn't have enough mind to go to college
I lived my life in the gutter with a so-called middle class who had a brief limo or hope in the post war era
Luckily, I got a free education it sent me apart from the other ill-bred kikes whose families still had
Reds what is that red stains on their mouths from sucking down borscht
Education gave me a chance to achieve the American dream my dream was a wet one wet wet wet wet
I can't read the I saw a vision
Barack Obama you have fulfilled the dreams of millions of street the trample of underclass that is
Persistent in this country for over 300 years
You've unshackled every black man woman and child that have ever been persecuted by the white man. I love you
Mr. Obama I watch you and hope you're Hawaii in Hawaii shirtless and proud
I saw that bulge in your trousers so big as Africans
So African so frightening to a white man to see
Oh, this is a stereotype of the whole thing
You've used not only your Harvard education as a tool to become the leader of the free world
You have swaggered about and use that mandango as a means to overpower the white establishment
It worked
I it worked and I've always theorized that in the world three things a man can use to become successful one money two brute force
and three a big
Helps
In the Darwinian sense you have used a means of all means necessary to get where you are
They should take a plaster mold of your
And bronzer
It should be in the Smithsonian
Institute next to George Washington's white whale bone dentures
If you need any help during your service to the country feel free to reach me at the Brooklyn VA hospital
I usually don't accept calls but just have your chief of staff mentioned in charge
I'll be waiting for your call you are the effing man. I love you Obama. I love Al Goldstein. He is really
I mean, what is it to say about him that we haven't already said he's a piece of work. He's funny. He's only yes
That's right. He's a he's a stitch. Yeah, but out of control. That's the problem. There are a lot of like your friend for around
You know, he was fine, but out of effing control just ask to be still tell you
Yep
He was talking about for well and and so does and stuff this morning
died in regular coke
The best
You just yesterday my mood amazine a dad was ruling out any compromise on Iran's nuclear program
Today the government and out
A letter to George Bush
But before even reading the letter the white house rejected the overture ran as the place that would be
And this is page your train that way
If they get new the world will be those run away run away run away
Hey
I
It's in the wrong world
Better go alive
The cruel government you
Don't survive
It's bad
It's
It's
It's
We want the
Gatians
It's like
No
It's bad
It's hard
We got it
It's hard country to defend
Yeah, we have all have bad days, but I'm going to have eight years of bad days every day
That's the obvious question. It's hard. Anyway, the one is the talk in the first race now
Goal stream nine to five I say good and the four is five to two. Well actually let's see. Let's finger this out
Surely covered your bet for you. Thank you, Charlie five to two is seven bucks and change. Let's say seven dollars even five dollars to win
1750 you get 1750 for that ticket you only bet 16 bucks on the dollar
And of course then if the six does come in then you really you got double duty
You know what I mean in your pantalooning. I really blew up when he had Steve Calabro on yes
Is that how he says name? I forgot already. I called it calabro
See that's not a word. It's calabra. Yeah calabracie. It's what it's calabra then
Why got it wrong right calabra calabra? See don't worry about it. Maybe he's not really Italian. Maybe he's like oh
He's really Italian. Maybe he's a kid to my or lansky very Italian
So anyway, 35 bucks divided by two 1750
Okay, so that would like guarantee your bet and uh that would be good. So let's root for the four
Or let's root for the longest shot on the board and then hope that six comes in the second race
What do you think okay now now let me ask you where where are you sitting now that I've been there
Right, where are you sitting now where we have where we were set up very very close just a few feet from there as matter
Factive um like remember you remember where you were sitting
Yes, uh if you look forward from there, that's where we are
We're just like in front of that position right by the bar off to the side really
So there are no slot machines like we're close by anywhere near me. No
Oh now three to one on the four
The four is three to one in the first race so that's eight bucks. So that's funny
You'd be four bucks ahead of the game if the four wins even without the devil
Whoo
So nice going surely thank you see that's our crowd right that's my email buddies surely and Sean did show up by the way
Vitty and what he's working around here somewhere. He's uh looking for booze. What do you look like a guy? What does Sean look like Sean?
Decent looking guy for a day. Yeah, he goes to the gem a lot. He's got muscles
I'm not asking about his muscle
My god
His girlfriend's way harder next thing. El Goldstein will be writing a blog entry about his muscle probably that that was just
I wish I could have read it the way we went about. No, but sure. Obviously. I could not we got the point
You know
We're not for the fact that he's just a
Got a death wish. I'll could have been one of the funniest comedians in our history. You know he's this can't wish comedian kind of like a guy
With an incredible sense of humor and but just a filthy mouth and a filthy mind and a death wish
He's got a funny and a death wish. Yes everything he says is funny
I'm a loose cannon. I just I can't club you
You're looking for glory holes
He's gonna be my woman. He's gonna be my bit
Wow, I had it twice just to make sure
Oh, he's a big guy that teaches me for playing El Goldstein's I hit it too. Wow. We all hit it. I'm here
I'm gonna hit it right now. You even have one and you hit it. Oh, I hit something. That's nice three to one on the end
Let's see. We got 25 minutes though to the first race
My god, so I guess down to two hours going to be racing intensive sure the pressure next ten minutes is going to be nothing intensive because there's no more emails
I was just gonna say. I mean, what else we got
We don't know about as well just be all over here
But we do have this through I never got to yesterday about scar faces palm island mansion to be sold okay, and a people in 10 strives suits
One is two to one. What's what's the one? I don't know. It's like far away
Alone at the wall I got news for it. This is a mile and eight race by the time they go the first of three quarters of mile
A lot of these will be alone on the ground. I mean, I just I can't see this crowd going a mile and eight
This group of houses these eight but nevertheless they'll have some some of the will finish
Legendary mobster Al Capone's palm island mansion being sold Capone's grandson Chris Knight author of the memoir son of Scarface
Is staying at 93 palm island till the deal closes
The house listed at 6.7 million is presently owned by Hank Morrison who purchased the house in 1970
One other person on the home before a night's grandma sold the home in 1958
Acquainted in night a middle-aged entrepreneur is purchasing the home and plans to remodel it
Morrison assured Knight that the new owner will try to restore much of the home is possible
I feel very happy about that being that this house holds a lot of history
All the fixtures are original even the windows the turlits the sinks you name it
Even the 60 by 30 in-ground pool which my grandfather installed which wasn't I think still is the largest in-ground pool in the state of Florida
my grandfather
Had the line imported and had this beautiful grotto built which has always been the centerpiece of this beautiful estate
Palm Island. I wasn't that we're a need of Brian hung out. I don't know
Palm Island. I wasn't here in those days
weren't you those wonderful days know all the North Carolina 70s and 7 to 6 and it was in North Carolina
Then I went for Montana as for staying in the house night says it's a very surreal experience
My grandfather passed away here in
62 years ago my grandma sold a place 51 years ago for me to be here in
2009 and see and feel the estate its original state
But my grandparents own it. It was a once-in-lifetime opportunity, which I'll treasure forever. He said
Night also feels a certain closest and understanding of his late father William night Capone's son who lived under an assumed identity for obvious reasons
I father love boating night reminisces
Ironically the port terminals right across the street. I feel my father's presence here as I look out
Above the blue waters and understand which my why my dad loved to see so much
To him it was freedom freedom from his father's notorious name his life was the sea and how I get it
If you were Capone's son where would you go to hide the sea who would find you they didn't have GPS back then and it goes on
You care about Al Capone's mansion. No if I was Al Capone's son. I'd have you know be running around telling everybody and getting free stuff
Yeah, you get some free lead
sure that
And look at that look at those emails
Nothing. Oh look at that come to a screaming halt
Although here's one about Al Goldstein
Ha ha ha ha
Oh
Oh and here's one again today Bubba loves bunch mentioned you as the top radio talk show host
They were talking about ratings and all the clear channel crap
He also used you as the gold standard of the industry on his first day
says kilo
Sucking up to the local talent that that's his deal I guess
Am I supposed to be impressed by that I don't take it for whatever
Sure, I get in a whole lot of input about his show other than Brandon says it sucks, but other than that
Wouldn't it be nice if he took about half a poll and old Ron's numbers away
That would be something to do by the way
You tell me you got them there. Oh god. I like that's a racing forum
You got what a racing form you do have a racing form
And what could is gonna do you you couldn't read it if they held a gun to your head. That's right might as well be in Chinese
Well, let's see how a poly in the old Ron did
From tend to whatever
CMQ F.A. M a no speaking lace i.o. D was second
Now wait a minute. What is that oh that's
That's midday. Oh, that's right. That was rush
Rush with big gigantic right wing numbers
And you notice how Jimmy syphilis real or imaginary is still quiet because he knows that he's on a way out
Because chief channel is uh
cheap enough to get
Did slide in the air america down the dial and turning 940 into fox sports again with that then silio idiot in the morning
By the way, Beast is a big fan of his is it am not no horrible
We had a four six they had a four uh they had a three seven
Big ten to two and are they until noon or something like that then they had like a 50 hour show
Something like that see how i don't understand that
Don't you like it's like uh who wants to be an engineer oh it was such a big hit that ABC put it on
50 times the week and guess what and that just kind of burned it out
Well, how many times of programmers try to get you to do uh, you know an extra
Well, Disney got me to do 932 and that went over like a pregnant pregnant probaltor and then Greg
We decided to put the show on 9 to 1 which nobody show starts at 9 and that didn't work either nope
That's not a day part 9 to 1
I'd say it was also not a day part rock solid 2 to 4 we got gildey on today 2 to 4
Woo-hoo ordinarily we'd be a little bit. I don't know
All look at that your horse has taken more money the four is five to two second choice
They're betting the one and they're betting the full
And if if you have any luck, I mean maybe the tool when he's 25 to one then you get a big big fat ass double 30 to one
No chance battle back
He couldn't win against chicken picker in the two horse race
battle back
But this is uh, this is and you know and hopefully we'll win you some money now
Didn't we win you some money a couple of times last year? Yes, I mean the rest of the time lost your ass
But then this whatever at all works out we're here for a good time not not to win any money
We're here for a good time like sunny from the market said look what happened with him
Oh, this is on this is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. Hello. This is Robert Eiger president CEO of the Walt Disney Company
Hello
Diane is this you
Diane is that you?
Is this Diane Sawyer?
No, it's not Diane Sawyer. I would die and say recall miss not the uh mr. Mouse
Oh my god you're alive
Are you okay?
I don't know
I haven't seen you since your 80th birthday party
I was gonna pick up truck with two bags and doesn't make
Sir do you have any idea where you are?
I'm in a warehouse
You're in a warehouse and I'm chained to a dead fucker and you're chained to a dead fucker
In the corner and there's a puppet sitting in the corner
It's Iger sir sir why you chained to a dead hooker
Iger sir
Sir it sounds like you're in saw six
What you know the movie saw
No way
Yeah
I don't know last one did pretty good yeah no it was pretty good pretty scary
And listen
I think I've lost my left leg
And uh I'm right in here in a car I can't really see what it can't wait smiles like vomit
Sir do you have any clue where you are?
Well the hooker is definitely from Honduras so I would start there
Sir how do you know the hookers from Honduras?
Because I can see you have a big hair cloud
Valmer
I don't fall
Initial tracking device
Initial tracking device
There's a tracking device implanted in my left ear
What put it in there years ago
Okay, I'm not gonna initiate it under my desk
Get over to my right
Okay
Initial tracking device
Okay, we'll do
It's your man
Oh okay, we'll do sir
I don't know how long I can last
Hey
How's the party huh
That was a great party sir
Oh man, I don't know how to pair a party
Yeah
Great party
I know you give me the favor
Okay
I can't send a 30 sexy money in a pushing game
You huh
Sir you're you're chained in a warehouse to a dead hooker
I've lost my leg
And you lost your leg
I've lost my leg
Yeah
I'm reading against a hair cloud
You mentioned that
Can't tell those two shows
Sir are you sure you're in the right condition to be cancelling programming on them
On the business man
Even change again
Hucka and Honduras
Miss a lagging booting out
I know those young suck
Oh
Okay
I'm trying to hear
I think some masks are tightening
Oh no
I'm gonna go run to your office and initiate the tracking device
I don't
You don't have to tell me what you're gonna do
Just get it before it read out
Okay, by the way, happy birthday
Oh thanks
I appreciate the wrap
You're welcome
Bye bye
Bye
Hi, bye
Okay, 104
It's only 11 minutes till post time
10 minutes
Woo
Freshers building
Very great
Before just got hit again
Went back to five to two and the two is two to one
You wanted to go up
You want to like three to one would be nice
Yeah
I mean at this point
You've already she already made the bed for you
So at this point
You might as well want to get more money for you or a thing
Here's a silly email
Hey Neil
Here's an opportunity to kill some time and revisit the
Best Burger discussion
No, I don't think so
Currently on America online
Home page
The main revolving window will bring you to the
Best burgers in America
Perhaps a bit ponderous
Who cares in spry day jimin boy and beach
Get a life gym are you crazy person or what
There's got
Talk about one no Charlie's
Oh, yeah, let's talk about hamburgers again
It worked real good for a footy didn't it
Okay, yeah, I mean
What was that?
What
I said I'm in if we talk about hamburg
You missed it we already did that for about 600 days
Have you eaten it five guys?
No, but everyone I know loves that place
And George that was his assignment last weekend
Yeah, I mean this weekend you can get to five guys
Maybe
I wouldn't mind doing five guys this weekend
I had a lot of activities that last weekend
What was so funny about that
Your line was really funny
Was it really yes
Especially if I could like pick them out
You know, oh this one and that one yeah
Oh, but you have such bad taste your game
You're a failure I have such bad taste
You should live so long I have such bad taste
Just get me a Mac Castle's autograph
You know how close I'm ever going to get to Mac Castle
However far it is from here to wherever he's going to play his next game
Which won't be in the wing by the way they can't afford him and the brave
surely name
Well, and they can but I mean that would be you think that would be a wise move
Yeah, because I'm not sure Tom's going to be healthy
That's where he still got that knee problem
He's still got some issues around the knee and groin area
George you still listening
I'm right here
George wouldn't know Mac Castle from Royal Castle
So does I hear a name I don't know
Also somebody sent me a big thing again about Wayne Arles
Which we already didn't we already do a big thing about that just a couple of days ago
Some of you people are so neurotic with the repetitions like the guy from a pointin again
Oh talk about burgers again no no no no
Mike and four Myrises sorry to be late about the race
But as the guy said if we were taking calls I can express my concerns earlier just joking
I like the 471 exact the box in this race good luck George. Thank you
I have no idea what that's around gold
And I was just listening to one of your old shows from years ago
When you were giving out those perverted tapes that I'll used to bring in forgiveaways
I can only imagine a reaction choice would get if that stunt was pulled today
Yeah, she'd be pulling them all right. We'd be off the ear in a heartbeat remember that
Yep
I used to bring in the four oh you're up to three to one let's hear it on the four
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money
Now what's this so for this stiff I mean this this is a race the red fox
ships in from Tampa
Last race on January the fourth a tightener obviously
Horrible speed ratings, but then they all have bad speed ratings in this race
Assuming I'm reading this right and I'm sure I am
But at least one thing about that horse
He's gone the distance. He's got a mile and 70 yards a mile and 16th them out
He's got three distance races and was second in one of them, but second by 13 lengths
Oh
But we'll see there are a bunch of pigs so you know anybody can win and who's the jockey on the four
Carlo Lopez
You never heard of him. You ever hear Carlo Lopez? Oh, yeah, no
And what about your sick horse six horse that I picked for you as frank in the second race? Oh, Jose Laskano
Well, there's a good jockey
Is it Jose? Can you see? Yeah, he is
Not wrong with Jose
Now Maria B is here with us
Well, Mr. Raju is sending a very bad example for your listeners as mentioned in prior emails the most educated people realize
gambling is for suckers if you want a real return on your money turn to the markets. Oh, yeah
However, did you mention that there is dollar draft tomorrow Gulfstream if so that's definitely a reason to travel to hell and they'll be some drink and plunge your guts out
Have a great weekend make sure to tune into the closing validated witness the market bounce regards Maria B
Right by the way dollar draft tomorrow Maria you be so silly Maria. Let's do the break early and then we don't want to make the race
Okay, one thirteen what's a good thing now they're showing the post-barate from Tampa for the third race
Okay, yeah, I see that they're up to the nine you do see that I do somebody just can't relate some more tickets on me
Really? Yeah, I have no idea what they mean. Steve already told me and I'm like what what the hell you got?
We got one woman to post and we'll get off of this Tampa crap on my H.P. I think here we go. I got an exact
Exact what's the number one dollar on the first race of five and the six
five six yeah, and also on the first race yes at the daily double three and four said
A dollar for a dollar yeah, well there you go. See you guys all kinds of stuff going
That's glad I got Steve here. I didn't understand none of this
One day though
One minute to post time. Oh, there's show any away dream totals
I don't want to see the way dream totals. I want to see the toad board you idiots the toad board the toad board
Oh, let me go to the other channel here with the odds gods channel golf stream the forest three to one still
There we go they're at the gate
There are your hope in somebody wins
And not not the one for hoping for anybody but the one
Listen in this field if they can go on my little nathal be surprised if so many finishes crosses the finish line
Not the one you got it got it
I hear something is that you no, it's not me then that's the audio from the
Gelser from the racing channel wait for us walking by really high
Get him in there already for crying out loud. There's the foregoing in
Is that the one you've got the extra benon from surely yes. Yes. There they go
There they go
That's what I see oh when you're like two seconds ahead of me
Because you're right there no doubt
I'll be able to cycle you as long as you're on it
The wall from the rail to be a part of the early picture as well and alone at the wall is gonna come through on the inside to grab the lead
Gabi go damn one
For the reasons today's more back to mr. dealer then comes bullseye boy and Amazon trails your four a second lead
7200 9.5 seconds flat
Onto the back you know and Gabi goes to take an over the lead challenged on the outside by socio
And they go socio to take over as they head to the back stretch
Gabi goes to second by two the red fox third alone at the wall
To find self-reguised running in fourth and three and a half length off the lead
Six is a call expect a battle back mr. dealer to the outside
bullseye boy
There's three seconds left of the back stretch seven 90s lead and the name we're out there's one
A half and fifty and two
Past the half my uncle
socio and Gabi goes to their right together on the lead
I'll link the half to the red fox alone at the wall saves ground forth as they move into the fire turn
And this two dealer already get out battle back and they're followed by four
eight to one and a half to get to move for the back
Rongo five turn and here comes a low
The one's at a low and at the wall makes a move for the lead
They're right now to turn ahead toward the quarter pole there's one of these socio and Gabi goes trying to stick with a
two faddy boy five three
The red fox bullseye boy a wide Amazon battle back
Six to five they're into the stretch and a low and at the wall and corn
Oh
Now the far outside Amazon moves up late plan
The can't Gabi goes for second and they've left the others behind
It's alone at the wall and Amazon one two and alone at the wall strolls home to victory. Oh
That was not good, but in your least you're alive you got a one six double right for two bucks
You'll never get your money back
We
Here's a fact that says above the dumb email whatever you call these
Love at love spun dumb sponge was talking about you this morning how he listens to you
What am I losing you in the ratings? Oh, and about the beast in five guys. He probably eats as much as five guys
Uh, but love sponges on six to ten. Yeah
So what is that about beating him in the ratings? What was that mean? We're not on the same time
I know here according to the respiratory ports. He stays on longer like Howard, you know
Until he just runs out of gas and ego. Are we out of gas?
Well, we're out of gas. We've been out of gas several years since Joe Bell pulled into town
So
So the frickin one now you're gonna have to get the one once it's official. They'll show the double payoffs and
Steve will look for you on the thing and you'll find out what the one six has been a pay. Oh, geez
I'm feeling it today is not gonna be really good. Oh well. Oh well. Oh well. I bet she's got here comes now
Oh
One surprise me
How bad he puked
There's nothing worse than a puke right by the way pretty decent crowd
Really? Yeah
Like bite bite dude. So what's the lowdown on Sean from Hollywood? He's like a ringer. He's running around
And he's like running around. He's got drinks. He's got a cigar. He's got a fistful of tickets
You got Dan Quayla on the pool so you must add our different former presidents as somebody know
Let's take Dan Quayla off of it. Yeah politicians don't belong on that pool. You don't you don't describe politicians as having talent
God
Am I right? Oh
One could but that's not what we're talking about right now
No, that's exactly not what we're talking about. I mean you could but that's just another excuse to rip W
Which takes no talent. I mean since ponderous it's the same old same old
Who's gone furthest with the least talent man colder 35 4
34 can't think they get a different 20 Britney Spears 20 Larry King 16
Tiny Tim 15
Madonna 13 and Dan Quayla will take him off of it. He had 12 take the other screw the double digit ones as a list that too long
Now what does this say from Neil?
Deer Neil I screwed up and got a DUI in Dave County sent me to 20 days of Dave County jail
I'll miss you for those 20 days because I listen every day. Please do not retire before I get out. I love you
You got a DUI going 20 days to Miss Landwell
Well have a good time in your new
What is that noise in it?
Those are raks being rolled by food prey raks
Raks raks raks
Like you know when people bake bread and they put them on raks
So did the Steve take a look to see what the one six doubles going to pay if it comes in which
Where that went he he's walked he walked off so I guess now don't forget frank
It's a $50 win ticket on the six horse in the second race. Right. What do you mean he walked off Steve's loan walked off presumably to go do something or someone
He went to do someone maybe well, it's probably still not official
That's a shame because the four went up to seven or two
Which would have been a nice nine dollar payoff that would have been 2250 you'd have been six bucks
What have been shut up and cut up, but guess what you're not oh well, yeah
Like I told you to that friend of mine in Detroit years ago 100 years ago
1960 that's 49 years ago. Can you believe that yeah?
I can or second race the six is the morning line favorite five to two
And now we just went up to three to one the two is getting all the money in the second race two of six to five
Optimate with ibar koa food well used to be ibar now it's a bar a bar koa
Yeah, used to be ibar now he decided he's a bar
Boxed charms the six Jose Laskano and the seven's five to two. Well, that's the one I originally picked
But it hasn't been out for 14 months remember that I picked right seven and went off and oh, I sure hope that one doesn't come in
Because then frank is gonna say oh gee you wafler you should have stuck with the original
I don't think so horse that hasn't raced in 14 months
I mean they're only going six for logs, but now and nevertheless
But that first race was a real stinko one at the one just never the rest of them was not the one was so good the rest of them were just so bad
Am I right? Yeah
Now why does it say 50 minutes to post time
The races at 144 should say 22 minutes to post time well, they got some real issues here on this gambling channel really
Maybe Maria put a hex on
Gulfstream 50 minutes to post it says under that's got to be a mistake. Oh now it's just said 22 they must have heard me
Yeah as soon as I said that they changed into 22. Well, here's the a third race at Tampa Bay downs
And the two horses want any part number two comes and fractures behind the gate
Facts just behind the gate the jockey got off and the two their shovan is ass in there get in there you pig
He's 26 to one one you expect this is there got two chances none and much less than none
So we're worst off slowing right now he walked up right now
He must have done what's the double 1220 oh
So you got to win a race just to get within four bucks back of your 16 dollars. Oh well 380
Oh Sean got the one. He's the one. He's running around smiling with a fist full of dollars
He had the one the one is a shock he would take like five bucks. He's all red in
Yeah, grinning. Oh, I had to win or I had to three to two shot big deals Sean. Well, he cached
Oh my god, here's another pool. We've done a million times. What way of dying you fear the most sorry
Been there done that
Do you want to hear the third race at Tampa Bay downs?
I really I just get a kick out of this guy the audience does want to hear but it's Friday. He's uh he's not the announced right life
And there are
The favorite Phoenix hotel is away and certainly as well
Moves up on the outside and Diablo's got back makes it three in a line
Of course, somebody is the last person away to the first we don't want to hear them
Okay, here's an email from Rdolfo Rudy
I've been a fan of your 1220, but that's pretty low pretty weak
But that's a good sign though. It means the six is gonna be uh taking some serious money in that second race
He was morning line truck five to two
That's seven wins you can keep me in the shins, okay
Okay, Rudy says I've been a fan of your show for some time now
I don't get to listen to it off these days as I was lucky enough to leave South Florida these days
I split my time between Rio de Janeiro and Dubrovnik
Good, good, good
I can't you buy the internet from time to time as it's challenging due to the time zone difference
I'd think that I uh like most fans uh
And at times I love your show at times just like it at times had enough of it
Nonetheless, I always come back for more because you are articulate intelligent and frankly funny
Funny guy just look at me which is the reason why I sent you this email
Today I have it to catch you show there was a brief interaction between you and George
We were suggesting you try to squeeze a breast. He insisted you try at least ones
There wasn't so much the topic or the
Sexual preference connotation of the conversation that made me laugh so much as the exchange between the both of you
It sounded sincere and it raised the curiosity of us listeners
Humans by nature are curious creatures and people we like and enjoy we want to know more about
I enjoy your political insight the realistic way of project the South Florida lifestyle
Enjoy the statistics and facts that you bring to the show, but I must say I enjoyed very much the interaction between you and George
Exchanging words in regards to personal matters about each other's life
Today was one of the best shows I've heard in quite some time do it more often and thank you for the free entertainment
Good luck to George at the racetrack today Rudy. Thanks for today was one of the best shows. He's heard in a long time
Hey, I don't know what they sound like from the inside out must be me
That must be the beast being there that must be it yeah
He had it pounded
So I've done it
19 minutes till the second race of Gulfstream now let me take a look at the uh board okay
You didn't take a few get it from where you are can you see it? Oh, yeah, six is heavy chalk three to two
That's good seven to five even lower six is getting pounded
To me that means he demolishes that field the seven went up to five to one four seven to two and the two is four to one
And a one and a two these ones and twos it sounds like the numbers across the street
Howard David's a bitch
Elite
All
Keep me
So
Hey everybody, what's the dance they do it boy who's down low?
But I'm a very checking fan and shuffle across the snow
And they enjoy it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Yeah, do it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Yeah, do it boy, boy, boy, boy
Do it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Do it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Do it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Do it boy, do it boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Hey, you think we're the guys?
This is the dance of our boys
And that I never said, Span no
I said to the pretty shadow of a year
I was your shield doing that
I will see here
Everyone was waiting now
How are you doing all day?
Shopping for jelly shoes?
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
Oh, you'll hear a lot more of that
Two to four this afternoon
With Gildi, Gildi for a present go
You know Gildi for president
Of the organization
Or his fairgrounds in New Orleans
Saints Relic, God's Days, Prade John
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
I'm a huge fan of it
That's right
If the 6 wins
If the 6 doesn't win, it gets our best wishes
Right, even money
A two-lifetime at claiming level
If the showing speed and tarring to finish fourth
In a local return
That was against 20,000 dollar-times
Which was her first race
Which was her first race
In 11 months
Train a wing, cat, a kettle at all
Wheels are back in seven days
We've seen them do this last week
We're on the horse, drop them back
Bring them back real soon
And win yesterday
And that certainly looks like my pd case again this afternoon
The horse did it yesterday
I'm in Wayne, ran off the screen
With the easier opportunity
And it appears to be all in front of box of charms
In a similar scenario today
Box of charms, you bet they're touting your horse box of charms
Lucky charms
I got an email from the beast
The real beast
Oh, the real beast
The real beast
He wants those flowers that were left this morning
And he'd take a moment, he'd even do his lovely wife
Go right ahead, please, with my best wishes
By the way, I guess you're doing ad for them or something
I don't know anything about it, I haven't been told anything
So we look forward to it
I understand that, but don't the beast spewing it on the air
Until somebody talks to me about whatever it's all about
I don't know nothing about it
Of course we got Valentine's Day coming in a couple of three weeks
So that must be what it's all about
Like I said, take them home and give them to your lovely wife
From my best wishes
Thank you, you're so welcome
Senior producer, University of Miami sports network and sideline reporter
Wow, you're the senior producer, the U of M sports network
That was the two that blow into Gaki out
I'll take that as a yes
What?
Who said that?
That's what we've been hearing that day
The dolphins are blowing out Jimmy Cifilis
And the canes are blowing out the Jimmy Joe, Joe Z
Peanut's face
I haven't heard that
Nine minutes till the second race by the way, Gulf City
It's gonna be over very easy here, but you're taking a horse that hasn't been around in over a year
I imagine you must have kept that chart in your head and away in your head
Oh, I got a secret way of finding it out
Oh, for sure
Six to five on the favorite as they head out for race number two
Oh, the one is Lady Laurie with Pasquasio Lopez
What kind of a name is Pasquasio
Like I'm so glad to hear Hispanic, huh?
I got Paco here
Two is Abar Koa, Optimae
Abar, good jockey, Abar Koa, one of the really good ones
But he can't figure out if it's Ibar or Abar
Maybe it's Abar
No
Three is Janie Wendiamon with Javier Santiago
Fourteen to one means no chance
No shot
Four
With mixed emotions, many crews
Look at the nice red colors on the jockey there, huh?
Oh, look to Laura, it's the red jockey
And they're pretty colors?
Five enrolled moon with Innocencia Ayaraza
Innocencia, I bet he answered innocencia
Not no jockey
Four, he's seven to two, he's the second choice
There's your horror six, Jose Lascano, box of lucky charms
Gonna jog right down the road with the heavy load
It looks pretty good, the six
He looks like a, you know, with a tail and everything
Elvis Trujillo, Barbara's attitude to seven
That was my original pick
And I saw she hasn't, she hasn't raised for 14 months
If she wins, I'm gonna be a really pissed
And so, Frank, it was five to ones that I used $12 horse
And the eight CBT Mocha Mocha
With Mani Aguilar
17 to one shot, no chance
Of course, when you say no chance, you know what that means
And look at that, Uniblu speed up my PC just popped up again
I'm just sitting here, I didn't do anything
And it just popped up on there
Now where the hell's that coming from?
I don't know, I've been since coming from Outlooker Express
I looked at stress
So six to five on your six
Now what's Steve Bettin? Is he a, what?
He bet with us
What does that mean?
He bet back there, that's back build a six
He's waiting to lose $3.80 just like you
Just like me
Well, we were hoping for anybody except the Chalk in the first race
And with our luck, one wins by open lengths
Just demolish the field
Just set there in a lurking position
Third or fourth and then just blew the field away
No more Uno
At about three to two
Whatever the hell was, heavy Chalk
So this would be an all-chalk double of the six wins
So 12-20 I guess is not that bad
When you consider there aren't that many horses in the two races
Am I right? Yeah
Right, what do you know about that?
Can Bo-Campur walk him by?
Really? Yeah, say something like
Can Bo-Campur is there
He's walking right past us right now
And Gulfstream? Yeah, Call him a Homa
Hey, Kimba
You're fairing
Get out of here
He flipped you off
What do you do to say you're number one?
He said you're number one, that's right
Screw you Bo-Campur
Haven't seen him in a Koons age
Six minutes till post-time for your second race
Tell him nice job on that seven to eight hour
He just... you tell him
He's already gone
What, he's gone
He walked over towards the track
Diddy? Yep
Maybe he's gonna present the award of the six-horse in the second race
He's gonna give the blanket
Maybe he's gonna wrap himself up in it
Or maybe he's just gonna go out there and impersonate the cigar-ster engine
Well, I better do the break because there wasn't a way
He has to wait in the race
Okay, it's 144, it is now post-time
I bet
Phil Saltsman says hi by the way
Phil is there? He's here
He's watching the races right now
He's got a kiss for me, he's got my hand, says hi
What do you say? What do you say?
Is he still alive?
Yeah, they tried to kill him in the hospital
And they butchered him up and they took out his gizzard and his innards
And good to hear he's still doing good
I told them he's my children fatter than the last time I saw him
Right, aren't we all?
Not like Henry Bearled though
They're going in the gate for the second race
The six is seven to five heavy chalk
Does Phil like the six?
He didn't say it
But he didn't say it
Well, we love the six and of course it's 50 bucks to win for Frank in the audience
And the double for you in the Steve Sloan for losing $3.80
And that wouldn't be a bad day at the track, 380
Right
I got my shoes on, my pantaloonies, my shirt
I'm going out to win a billion dollars at woodbind
I can smell it
Hmm, they're off
Six broke nicely
BT, Mocha Mocha broke well, box of charms
Barbra's attitude ranked there with genuine diamond
Optimay and lady Lordy from the inside
Two and a half back to Emerald Vonin with mixed emotions
Is the trailer as they race up the back stretch box of charms
Plenty of competition up front
Optimay is
Optimay, poker head in front
Five-step charm
Right on side, broken one, 22 and 4
I think they have to barbra's attitude
Get that two out of there, you piece of gold
You paid Lady Lordy at the rail
Two length four and then anyone diamond with mixed emotions on the inside
And Emerald move in the back
Well, it's like he's got two pieces of charms
Now, back in front, Ozele is kind of in box of charms
Opening up in hand here
Now it's the link for Lady Lordy
Here comes with mixed emotions
Moving quickly now
I'm coming right in front of you
Optimay has given way on the inside
Come on Ozele, get into this piece of charm
Still on top and Lady Lordy is right next door
There's 30 to one shot on the outside
Lady Lordy has taken the lead
Lady Lordy is on the board
There's 30 to one
Moving away from box of charms
Lady Lordy pulls off a big upset
Oh no, why don't you finish nice second
Oh well
You get for that
Nothing to get for that
That's right, like our 9 to 10 hour number
Oh right
What the hell was that all about?
Well, I told you it was a bad race
Two bad races
And one didn't just win the race
He demolished him
Lady Lordy, let me look back now
Is there any chance I would have ever bet that pick?
No, dropping down a little bit
But 7th by 24 in this class
Two races ago
How do you like that?
Somebody knew something that we didn't know
No
You lose
Sorry Frank, sorry I'm one for two in the
Pick them department, pick the ponies
We'll do it again next Friday
That's disappointing, it looked like he was
Going to win
Oh well, oh here you go
Robert says you have reached a new low, your show sucks
Why don't you play all tapes of big Wilson
It will be more entertaining than the horseman you have on now
Uh huh
Go suck on a schnitzel group and you furry
Yeah, that's what it says
Right after we get feed in the horse race
And I get an email like that
And Jimmy D who just won't stop
Jimmy Dorsky, you know
Just want to say have a great weekend you and George take care
Yeah you too Jimmy, bye bye
Thanks Jimmy, take care
Your show sucks watermelons, whatever the hell that said
What kind of a thing was that?
What kind of a nasty shot
And you know who that is
Yeah, cross the street
Probably Sid
Yeah, they probably haven't assigned a computer somewhere in the building
Oh, I sent him all those fake fake this one, I fake that one
Just like his fake audience
Which evidently doesn't exist with his 1.8, 1.9 share, whatever the hell it is
Couldn't crack a two, couldn't crack a two
My god, what was that number in the 6 o'clock hour and minus what
230 votes and I'm sorry that you guys lost it
Look pretty good there, it's the top of the stretch, isn't it?
Yes it did
And then I'm looking at who's second, there's nobody else coming at all
I'm thinking, well that's the longest shot on the board
31, he's doesn't worry about
And he got off right alongside then zooming by
Zoomed on by
After the two soft enough to six a little bit with some early speed
And the one just goes puking by
You see that the sal beando, whatever his name is again, the group wall
Steve, what's his name?
Steve Kalamari
Oh yeah that guy
Yeah you see him again, tell him oh boy
We should have cash no tickets today Steve
But you hit it, oh just kidding
Why because he wears a pinstrike suit
Yeah he's got his finger on his nose like a twerk's a sign
He twerk's like this you know
When a jockey's came out he gives him that little kind of side of the finger on the nose thing
Now he is out this race he's gonna go
He didn't talk like that
I'm kind of in a tighted defamation league he's gonna come after you're damn it
Yeah what are you gonna do to me?
Yeah you'll see
Look real fast thing you'll see
Who's gone furthest with the least town that's our pool
I'm soody pressed I thought the six had it in the back
You know you can't win them all man I mean how many 30 to one shots win
Exactly in fact that was the sound that the six just made
Well I had to clarify that because you asked my think it was like a horse fart
Who's gone furthest with the least town and mancolder 45
Kathy Lee Giver 21 Britney Spears 21 tiny Tim 20
Larry King 17 Madonna 16 Dan Quill
I thought we were taking Dan Quill off of their 14
I texted Eric I guess he didn't know
Well he's busy you know he's busy
He's like Paco he's busy
Adam Sandler 11
Judge Agabour 9
Kiss 9 Hiano Reeves 8 Donald Trump 7
Jay Leno 5 Ron Jeremy 5
He should have had a lot more votes than that
A guy has grotesque and hairy is that and he's a porn star give me a break
Andy Coppin 4 Will Smith 4 MC Hammer 3
Hey Hammer Katie Kirk 3 she should have got a lot more votes than that
Winner's Paltrow 3 Bill Walsh 3 ACDC 1 Bob Hope 1
Yeah he went far into the box I mean why do we have dead people on there
Although they haven't qualified yet
Thanks for the mammaries he he was funny sometime I don't know but there was not in my lifetime though
Maybe he was no votes for Terrence Malik which I still have no idea who that is
The sex pistols sting or Michael Jackson good they don't belong on there
When you see Sean from Hollywood again kick him into your ass say hey
They put some real stiff son at his over that's there at the bar drink and non-alcoholic beer
Is he really so much did he make I don't know
Oh here's a good one
Your numbers will never be as high as Castor and Oven Ron your show is stale
Your anti-American thank goodness that you're in Canada this country doesn't need a socialist communist like you
You never hear Paul and Ron say anything bad about our past president or knock this country
Like you do you're old and need lots of help please stay out of my country thank goodness George is here
I need my lawnmode already like that cute they're getting really hostile toward the end of the
Forceedings here today
Davie Greg says if you Google Neil Rogers there's a selection for Neil and the loves bunch bet to place
Bet to place how about bet to show all the pansies bet to place and show
Jim from Getsville, New York says I'm headed down to South Florida from my annual vacation
Just letting you know I'm gonna
I'm gonna take South Beach
Apart block by block says crazy Jim and Getsville, New York it's near Buffalo
I guess and I have said many times anytime he emails us you know you'd be out of your mind to view near Buffalo
There are many places that makes South Florida seem like paradise and certainly that's one of them Buffalo
An outdoor toilet if you ever go to Buffalo just take your pants down and do all your one and two and three right there on the street
Because you couldn't make it any more of a toilet than it already is
A little bit of hostility there toward the end of the show today all of course coming from across the street
I guess Sid's getting upset that we're talking about is really embarrassingly bad number
He didn't come and said so we're on to it now they're coming from across the street
And they've got Sid sitting there all afternoon I guess once his show gets over they wheel him over to the computer room
And that's his job is to send all the hostile email to fake this one
And of course like I said it's a fake station a totally fake station with Dennis Collins at the helm that should tell you a lot
Look we did for WS News look at that funeral and weren't these two guys going to put the tombstone out front of our place
Yeah according to Barry Jackass and according to the actual numbers which I have right here in my gland
We meet the snot out of except in the afternoon when that labaster guy he's what they got
If they don't pay him some serious bucks they're crazy because he's all they got
And I mean all they got all they stew gots
Well listen thanks to our friends at Gulfstream get out tomorrow big big day
Got a chance to win a million bucks chance to win a Honda CRV tickets to the Super Bowl
And of course some of the best racing of the entire year tomorrow
The biggest name the best talent
He don't have no time anymore
It's big if I have any talent at 560 WQA
Thanks Bisto
Welcome
Oh
Cause it's all in my fridge
I don't want that over all over again
I can't eat anymore turkey again
I can't eat more games
Yeah it's all in my fridge
I don't want that over all over again
I be heat if over and over again
What I see the day my crew wave it out
Unwrapped the fire
And it start to get whatever I look inside
Breakfast lunch and dinner
It's cold turkey and cold turkey pie
It's a shame to see all this food going down and going to wait
Let's open some over again
It's got a bad taste
Let's open some over again
Oh when I think it's turning
Oh my stomach's turning
I don't know what else to do
How about going away that far
Cause it's all in my fridge
I don't want that over all over again
I can't eat cranberry sauce again
No mashed potatoes
No it's all in my fridge
I don't want that over all over again
I be heat if over and over again
What I keep is that I can't eat it
Cause it's all in my fridge
I don't want that over all over again
Bye bye bye
