I think they're sliced up.
5.6 is not a QAM.
Presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to the A&DL 560505
are you hearing me or what?
In other counties,
Cold Cold Free,
877785
Hello, world!
Or Hound 560 on your AT&T
and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil,
his guests or his colleagues,
do not represent those of WQAM management
that you hear me.
Yeah, he knows.
Now the Neil Rogers Show.
I'm Bob McMan,
we got W. Silly Williams.
We got Bob McMan,
Nothing's negative, bro.
It's a win.
D-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S-O.
Do you have to take your daughter
to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
I got the Jonas Brothers!
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask
so you don't have to watch.
Earplugs so you don't have to hear.
And a sign I'd capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work.
Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
You can make it.
The film is only 76 minutes long.
I got the Jonas Brothers!
Give me those earplugs!
Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers!
And the sign I'd...
Oh my God!
The Jonas Brothers!
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit.
It's too late for me to save yourself!
Yes, you're fair.
Well, here we are in the brand new studios.
At least you are.
Yeah, not...
Not sort of.
Well, seriously,
did they do an operation on Joe Rose or what?
Is this the same Joe that when I first came to the station?
11.5 years ago, was screaming and yelling and carrying on
and bitching about the format in too many spots.
And he's just kissing there,
asked this morning like a wild child.
Little bit, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, these are the greatest studios.
They've got one line working, one phone line.
Our studio isn't even ready yet.
I come in here this morning at 8.30, like usual.
Mm-hmm.
And here's a message from Flea.
It says Neil.
The near-roger studio is not ready yet.
The line is fine, but the studio isn't complete,
so I'll have to do the show from the producer studio today
and maybe tomorrow.
That means we will not be able to communicate down the line
like normal.
I will find a working Fax machine to set out today's
large.
That worked out really well.
Took three different machines before I found a Fax machine
that worked.
Can you give me the Fax number since the old Fax machine
isn't hooked up and I was using the speed dial.
I'll be running around and building,
but we'll have when I phone with me.
So just call or text me if you need anything.
I'll be in the studio with Greg and Zach around 9.45 AM.
Yeah.
Well, nice job in finding a Fax machine that finally works
so I can get a log in my copy and stuff.
Yeah, that was an issue.
And why is that?
I don't know.
Nothing negative now.
Nothing seemed to work.
These are the greatest studios in sliced bread, man.
That's what Joe Rose was saying.
Good God.
What happened to him?
Joe?
Yeah.
He's a chill.
Well, you said it not me.
I guess he saw what happened to George.
He don't want to be next.
Right.
Well, he's already had some bad experience there with when they when Greg
re-kept postponing meetings and lying through his teeth to him.
That was in a previous Joe Rose incarnation on Q.A.M.
And then all of a sudden, guess what?
You're gone, Joe.
We got the Howard Spurm show coming on.
Wait, somebody in radio was lying?
Yes.
That's crazy.
Liers are us.
That's the big sign they put out in front of the new studio.
Liers are us.
Wow.
Oh, so let me give you the itinerary of my bonus check, which thanks for your
attempted help on Friday or Thursday, whatever day it was.
I don't know what day it was.
I think it was Friday.
Wait, wait, did you hear this is from the tracking on UPS?
And first of all, why did it go out UPS?
I don't want to start out negative and bitching in moaning because Joe said
nothing negative.
But it's still ain't here.
It's still ain't there.
It started in Haya, L.A. on Thursday.
Origin scan.
Then departure scan.
Then arrived in Lauderdale on Friday early in the morning, 1.52 in the morning.
Out for delivery, 5.10 a.m. never got delivered.
And then wound up in their hub at Louisville, Kentucky.
What?
Yeah.
Out for delivery, Friday morning 5.10 a.m.
and the next thing shows on here, Louisville, Kentucky, Saturday, 5.50 a.m. departure scan.
Left Louisville, I wind up in Miami, 8.22 Saturday morning.
Departure scan, 8.53 a.m. Saturday.
And of course, unless you specifically request Saturday delivery, they don't deliver on Saturday.
So arrive at Lauderdale, 9.38 Saturday morning.
And now it's out for delivery again.
Hopefully you won't be delivered to a Louisville, Kentucky again.
Yeah, that's crazy.
6.35 this morning, out for delivery in Lauderdale,
which they still haven't delivered yet.
Oh my God.
What kind of nonsense is going on in that place?
It's kind of crazy right now.
That's for sure.
Is it really?
And then where are you physically located now?
I am in the producer studio.
What does that mean?
That's where Zach and Greg and Curtis nest were.
And the other 15 people that work on Joe's show,
how come we only got you and me on this show?
And everybody else has gotten blown out.
I don't know.
But it requires just like the old days, it requires like 10 people to do that show.
I don't get it.
The sports has required a whole bunch of people to do it.
But on this show, it's just you and me.
Wait until you're the first email.
Oh my God.
What yours, I guess, was the first that I read.
And then we went through that procedure.
And I do mean procedure to get you to find a fax machine that worked.
What was wrong with the other two?
Well, the first two you tried.
I have no idea, but it wasn't going through.
That's for sure.
No, it was not going through.
That is for damn sure.
You have no idea how exciting it was when I heard this.
When I heard that grinding, you know,
when the fax machine starts pumping crap out.
That was about 943.
Right.
I think I started faxing stuff at like 9.
Or attempting to, anyways.
Nothing negative now.
That's what Joe Rose said.
He said, George Corsa would build us the most magnificent studios.
And everything is wonderful.
Even though they had only one functioning phone line.
And then two of the fax machines don't work.
You faxed studio.
What?
I don't know.
I just accidentally hit something.
Sorry.
What was that?
That was you fairy.
That's the 360.
You fairy.
Oh, I see.
Thanks.
Sorry about that.
That's okay.
No, be sorry.
At least you got the 360 in there.
What else have you got in there?
That's about it, really.
We got the ability to play commercials.
And I think maybe take phone calls?
If you want.
I think I'm taking phone calls today.
No, let's be.
I would not take phone calls today.
No.
Well, why not?
Well, first of all, there's about a 50-50 chance
that I would actually get it on the air.
Oh, I see.
And second of all.
I'm your friend.
No, I haven't heard of the experiment with the phone calls.
No.
So on Friday afternoon, when I was biction about my talent check
not showing up, my bonus check, whatever the hell it is,
to a clock, I get a text message from Joe Bell, no less.
It was sent, just not delivered.
It was then, then, I got a series of messages from him
about having a nice weekend and sorry that you're having to
take all this crap about Georgia getting fired.
It's not your fault.
No, it's your fault, Joe.
Not my fault.
And have a nice weekend and yada yada yada.
What was that all about?
I don't know, but they gave you the old checks in the mail,
or routine, huh?
It is in the mail.
Yeah, I know.
It just hasn't been delivered yet.
In fact, what I'm doing is I'm staying on the tracking page
for UPS.
Why was it sent UPS of all things?
If it was sent FedEx or Courier, it would have been
there the same day.
Mm-hmm.
Thursday.
But no, it's sent UPS.
Out for delivery, that's the latest.
6.35 this morning.
So in theory, you should get it today.
No, and not in theory, I should get it today.
I damn well better get it today, or they're going to have to
like cancel that check and send another one courier
over to my PO box place.
And stop screwing around, stop with all the stonewalling.
That's the response.
I'll let you know by two o'clock if it shows up on there,
whether it says delivered.
Okay.
You know how that works on the tracking, it'll say delivered.
You know what that means?
It means delivered.
It's in somebody's hand.
It's not on a way to Louisville again.
Ah.
From Hylia to Lauderdale to Louisville,
the Miami-Back to Lauderdale.
UPS.
I always like FedEx the best.
FedEx is great.
UPS, I don't know, I always like FedEx,
UPS 2 up until this episode.
We just can't seem to get anything done right lately.
All of a sudden, everything is just fallen apart,
coming unglued at QAM.
Unglued.
Now wouldn't you have thought that our studio would be ready?
I thought you were somebody told me it was all set to go.
It was nice and great.
Well, the line was ready.
The line is ready.
I mean, you know, you can hear me and I can hear you.
And it sounds fine, you know.
In fact, yesterday when I came in here,
when you sent me that text,
it was nice and loud and it was clear, it was crisp.
And I got a spy report that even on the ear,
we sound a little bit better than we did before
from the old Billy.
I don't know why that would be, but.
New equipment, maybe.
New equipment, is that it?
Yeah, we got a brand new shiny, like stainless steel,
digital board.
It's really nice.
I know.
And we're going through that now.
Yeah.
The sounds of our voices are going through that right now,
as I speak.
Correct.
Heavy duty.
Here's an email from the fake Harry Potter,
which I thought Harry Potter was a friend of mine.
He used to be on my space.
The original one would call himself Harry Potter,
but I don't know.
Here's my take on the latest events.
Well, wait till you hear this.
This one will just floor you.
This one makes the one from George's mama
and that Patricia bitch Thursday and Friday
pale into wind significance.
Here's my take on the latest events is the fake Harry.
I could sense two months ago that George was on the ropes
and he knew it.
He sucked up to you like never before.
What is this man on?
What kind of drugs is this guy doing?
Not here.
It was disgusting how you bragged.
It was your call to produce your show.
And I guess George bought it and figured all he had to do
was suck up to you.
I think he realized how the show was not to climb as it is and was.
Your mix of putdowns and no BS reporting and commentary
has evolved into the lowest common denominator.
I'll put down with little else.
I'll put down.
That's right.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
I'll put down.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Final edition vs.
Scott Ferell can survive after Q.A.M. Soakhenhe.
The lowest drag on the planet's name gets forcefed.
In other words, somebody's holding a gun to hear.
He said, making him listen to Scott Ferell.
This is sad.
Yeah.
And wait to hear this.
It was kind of sickening how you put down flea
while George was in his last days,
while it was obvious you were excited about the change.
Why?
Do you think I was excited about the change?
Absolutely not.
I like flea fine, and especially like the part
where he knows he's working for the station enough for you.
He's gone overboard to show you respect
and treat you like the boss.
Yet when you really get to busting his balls,
he draws the line as if to say buzz off
which George would never do.
This is...
These are the ramblings of a lunatic, of a crazy person.
I'm off to Cleveland tomorrow for another golf event.
I know you'll be watching.
No, I will not.
Maybe too much golf.
Maybe too much whack-in-the-a golf balls,
or somebody's balls.
Maybe that's the problem here where you've lost it.
This is a guy who used to be...
If it's the same guy,
I can't imagine there being another fake Harry Potter.
He used to be like, you know, friendly and supportive
and a good guy on my space.
But my space is vanished.
I did get one my space on there from some goofball
lamenting the George situation.
I didn't get any update from George this morning.
Have you?
I mean, almost every word in this thing that I just read
is just kaka.
Yeah, it's pretty crazy.
But I'm going to try to stop putting you down,
and you know, nothing negative about the fact
that our studio isn't ready yet,
and the facts machines don't work, and et cetera.
And at my bonus check is still in the mail somewhere
in transit.
UPS, no less.
Either Nat, everything's great.
Well, I mean, that's not the end of the world.
I'm not going to sound like I'm starving
to death without that check,
but it's just, you know, it's way past doing the first place.
And secondly, there's a right way to do things
which we've been doing for years,
and then there's the Joe Bellway, the new regime.
But nothing negative, though, because George Corso's
built us these great state-of-the-art studios,
and maybe tomorrow you'll be in one.
You think?
Mm, doubt it.
You doubt it?
I don't think we'll be in a new studio tomorrow.
Well, what is it that's lacking in there?
Microphones, computers.
That's about it, I guess.
More is that.
I don't know, for some reason they put that,
that studio was supposed to be ready first,
and for some reason they put that on hold, I guess,
to work on this studio that I'm in today.
Oh, waiting to see if I would walk out
when they fired George?
Yeah, maybe.
1013 at 560 WQM, I don't have the schedule,
so I can't give, I don't know what it is.
Now, you're still anywhere near where
that fax machine that works is or not?
No, but I can always go down there and try again.
Because it's scheduled, I don't know,
I guess you didn't send it, or you don't have it, or whatever.
Maybe clearance is still diddling with it.
Yeah, you know what, we had it,
and when it didn't go through, I think they
left it on the fax machine, so I'll grab it.
I just send it.
Okay, no emergency, I think we have a pretty good idea
of what it's gonna be.
Although here you never know, for sure.
Oh, no!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On south Florida, it's four-wheel.
It's later.
560 QAM.
No person at the end.
What do you think it is with the best
that things have been delivered, baby?
9.59 AM.
Oh, I'm excited to hear what.
I'm afraid it.
Oh yeah, I sure am.
No, good.
And now, a royal flush.
Princess Di, are you in there?
Yes.
Could you bring Princess more tissue?
Yeah, okay, bitch.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
1018-560 WQAM.
I guess I got a bad memory.
What?
Those weren't parts.
No.
They were a little more rock solid.
Something, I don't know, more substantive.
So here's a report from George.
I guess George is gonna email us, thank goodness, every day.
Okay.
And you people are saying, oh, have George call it
on the phone as a guest every day.
What is wrong with some of you people?
Really?
I mean, in times of direct stress,
then you find out who the real crazy people are.
And there's so many of them in so little time.
I want to know what I'm doing.
Why?
Take that kid there at Notre Dame and just jam him
in the river somewhere.
What's the river in South Bend?
Is there a river?
There must be some body of water.
I have no idea.
No, am I?
You never been to South Bend?
I've never been to Indiana.
Indiana, I don't think ever.
Really?
Well, let me tell you about my house
and how Indiana that are rented.
A house?
Wow.
George says not much new to tell, waiting for a couple of callbacks
from prospective employers and sponsors.
File for unemployment on Friday, everybody's quick and easy
as everyone said it would be and they do direct deposit.
Just like my social security, nice going, George.
Still getting lots of sympathy emails, which are nice,
but I hope I get more, we want to sponsor you emails,
got some, but would like more.
Got Eric working on a website for me.
We'll let you know when there's something on there.
In the meantime, I'll be at this address,
the one that you, George at neo-rodgers.com.
Thanks again, George.
Thanks, George.
I mean, hang in there, George.
He doesn't sound like I'll be pressed and bummed out.
No, not at all.
Is that exciting or what?
Tracking my ship and it's a delivered 9.59 AM
in Plantation, Florida.
How is it possible?
First of all, let me ask you this.
Why would anybody in their right mind?
And again, I use that expression right mind, liberally.
Why would somebody send it next day air?
I don't think there's a whole lot of flights
from high-level to plantation every day.
Next day air.
Wait, the check was going to plantation?
Yes.
And why did it?
Not here.
No, my stuff goes down there.
And why did it go to Louisville?
You're asking me?
That's one of the hubs.
That's one of the UPS hubs.
Wow.
You're asking me to explain to you the thousand up 123 points.
Let's hear it.
My bonus check is in the mail.
It's in there.
It's in the place.
It's been delivered and the line here works nice and queer,
clear.
And one of our chronic complainers on here,
oh, the fan of informer, the thing is acting up.
He says the streaming.
It is not acting up.
If it was acting up, we'd have a whole bunch of people,
branded and a whole bunch of other people who even listen
locally online would be screaming and bitching and moaning.
There's nothing wrong with the stream.
Quit making trouble.
Okay.
We got more professional trouble makers.
This is one of the main reasons I don't want any part of living
in South Florida.
No, no, no, no.
I don't.
I don't want to be there.
I was just there for a couple days twice in the last two months.
I was there a few days here, a couple days there.
That's enough.
That's more than enough to get the lead of the land.
Lawrence who's just again, I think some of you people are coming
on glued is QAM continuing to run spots with George last Friday.
I heard a couple starting out.
This is George Rodriguez of the Arranger Show.
If you heard them, then obviously they are Lawrence.
Yes.
Jesus God almighty.
Can you relate to these people?
No.
I had a pretty decent weekend.
I mean, nothing spectacular.
I had a winning day at Woodman on Saturday and a bad losing
day yesterday lost my ass yesterday,
but that's the way it goes.
It's called gambling for that reason.
But I had a decent weekend.
Nothing exciting.
Damn black hawks stuck the joint out against the Red Wings.
Yesterday, but you know, big deal.
Yeah, that was my goes on.
Huh?
That was bad.
They give it like three goals in the third period.
They lost five to two.
They stunk.
Nikolai on Habiboulin.
Oh, the fake Tom jikas back again.
First, he's got two of them.
Since George is gone,
any thoughts about bringing Stanley T major in the studio
for a visit?
Absolutely not.
No.
Why would I bring Stan major?
What's that kind of do with George getting fired?
What does one have to do with the other?
And why and why would I bring Stan major in the overwhelming
majority of the people listening to the show right now?
Don't even know who the hell that is.
Am I right?
Yes.
He has basically been off here in this market or I don't know
maybe he's still on overnight.
I don't know.
I'm somewhere I would don't even know or do I care?
Jika also says the George firing was mentioned.
My the big old Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
True.
What do you say?
He said that George will be missed.
He had good things to say.
Said he loved the bridge tender,
but I heard with one here.
I think he means ear.
Geldie mentioned George over the weekend.
Geldie mentioned George.
Wow.
What Geldie say?
Didn't hear it.
Why not?
Well, we're going to spy report.
Oh, I got a spy report though.
Apparently I offended a Sid Rosenberg by saying show me some numbers.
Because I guess he text over to somebody over here and said,
what do I have to prove to this guy?
I fully I don't to prove anything.
I'm like, no, you don't have to prove anything to this guy.
No, you don't have to.
We know you suck.
Okay.
You're a failure in the loser and a piece of crap.
The definitive radio drifter.
Then he tried to be my friend on Facebook and I hit ignore.
You're on Facebook as well as Twitter.
Yeah, I don't do Twitter that much.
It must mainly.
He tried to be your friend.
Yeah, he sent me a my space long time ago.
Yeah, with one word, it said,
gay.
That was it.
Gay.
That was it.
I just ignored it.
Nice.
I don't understand the people on this station sucking up
with some of those losers over there.
I don't get it, but to each his own.
You know, it's your life.
You do whatever you want.
Take her park out there.
And a white code says,
maybe you can help me out here.
My father's aunt is celebrating 75 years
as a Felition nun this week.
I saw a great movie last night.
Almost forgot to talk about it.
So two movies over the weekend.
One that I've seen before called birth,
which really sucks with the what's your name?
Nicole Kidman.
Have you seen that?
No.
About the little kid who claims to be the reincarnation
of her dead husband?
No, I haven't seen that.
Hey, he's a 10 year old kid.
And then last night I watched on my pay-per-view thing,
doubt with Nicholas with the Phil Philipsy More Hoppin shorts
of Lipschitz.
Yeah, he's good.
And Merrill Street, which ordinarily I don't like Merrill Street
but all, but she was sensational in this movie.
It was a good movie.
Hmm.
You see it doubt?
No.
Anyway, getting back to this from Takeer.
My father's aunt is celebrating 75 years as a Felicia
none this week.
I have no idea what to write in the card beyond congratulations.
Is there anything you would suggest?
Have a nice day.
75 years, she must be an old bag.
Well, how about B-Well?
Right.
What else would you write?
I don't know.
My father's aunt.
I don't know.
I mean, you know me.
I'm so anti-social.
I wouldn't write anything.
So that would be his great aunt.
It would.
I think so.
Your father's aunt would be your great aunt, I would think.
No, it would be her.
It would take her.
It's great.
And this is a lady.
A lady.
Oh.
I don't understand what's happened to Joe Rose.
He's lost his fighting is now.
He's just what did you say?
He was a suckle.
Yeah, something like that.
Wow.
I can't believe you said that.
I mean, I like Joe just fine.
I wish him all the best and he's a good lead in the idea.
The idea.
Although I don't think he ever mentioned anything about George.
Is it?
No, I don't think so.
Oh, why not?
I don't know.
I mean, if what's his name got?
Can't fat the Zach God can't or something.
We'd sure talk about it at length.
Although he won't because he's on a sports show, you know, right?
Sports shows need a lot of people on their first support.
1026 at 560 WQ.
You're looking to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm on some sort of school.
No, we're later.
560 Q A F.
Yeah.
Yeah.
D A Y.
S U C K S.
D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
ok,git t on wF do vlog how to乐
port and loget it
I guess they got the big ol' at two, right?
Yes.
I don't have the schedule.
Man, Mr. Man, which is four.
Yep.
And then after that, nobody listens anyway,
so what's the point?
I ask Clarence to send you the yes, schedule.
Oh, thank you so much.
I'm sure he'll be right on it.
Yeah, he's right on top of it.
I can see him right now.
And then, extending that the shipment finally arrived
from Hylia to plantation.
Only could have walked.
It was sent out Thursday night at, let's see,
7.59 PM is when the origin scan in Hylia,
they could have walked from Hylia to plantation faster.
Then, UPS got it to the mailbox joint.
Yep.
Well, what's that all about?
Oh, no, that's crazy.
Probably they put a special note on there.
For aggravation, say, just a stone wall, stall it.
Send it around to country.
Send it on a magical mystery tour.
The thousand up 150 points.
Wow.
And John says absolutely nothing wrong with the streaming.
Thank you, John.
He's the one who cared enough to let me know
that the Phantom Informer, who's not even the real Phantom
Informer, is full of crap.
See, once you send me an email, let's full of crap,
that that, that, that cast is doubt on everything else
that you send.
Am I right?
Yes.
It's like when somebody lies to you one time,
like in this business, if they lie to you once,
that means they'll lie to you all they want.
Right.
Here's the result of the poll from Friday.
What's your take on George getting fired?
We had 1,1666 votes.
1,666.
I'm pissed off, 735.
I'm not happy about it.
It's 359.
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ, Lanti Cristo, 255.
Good ridden, son, 160.
I don't care, 157.
Here's the new poll that's up there right now,
with one mistake in it, by the way.
Sorry, Charlie.
B. Charlie B sent a whole bunch of new polls,
including the one he keeps insisting on sending,
which I'm never going to use.
What's your favorite condiment?
That it's like one step away from paper or plastic.
What's your favorite condiment?
Jesus, God, Charlie.
But, well, this isn't technically not a mistake,
but we'll give to it.
If I were offered an all expense paid vacation to some US spot,
I'd never visited before.
I'd want to visit blank.
Hawaii, 143.
Hawaii is winning in a good choice, by the way.
And I've got an email here from Hawaii Bratz,
as you're pulled as timely.
All your listeners who've never been to Hawaii
should come right now.
No one is here.
The beaches are almost deserted.
I'll get into this whole email eventually.
Hawaii, 143.
I've been here six times,
but not in many, many, many years.
I love Hawaii.
Boy, the Pacific Ocean, just fabulous.
Warm and clean, crystal queer.
Alaska 67.
I have no desire to go there.
Do you?
No.
Alaska.
The Grand Canyon 49, your 7029.
That's what I voted.
Never been to your 70 National Park.
I've been here.
It's nice.
Is it?
What do you see?
Guys, what we went during the winners,
you could actually snowmobile through there
and go see the guys.
Is it really cool?
Jews don't snowmobile.
Real Jews.
Well, that leaves you out.
Las Vegas 28, San Fran 19, the nation's capital.
How come we just couldn't pull Washington DC?
The nation's capital 17, New York City 16,
the Virgin Islands 15, the Rockies 14,
Mississippi River Crews 12, Martha's Vineyard 12,
the deep south 7.
Guess what?
You're in the deep south.
Most of you.
New England 7, Niagara Fall 7.
That's the one I would depict a bone with.
Because there is Niagara Falls in New York,
which is the US side of the falls.
So technically it is the US spot.
But nobody wants to go to Niagara Falls if they have
and half a brain wants to see the US Falls.
They want to see the Canadian side.
They're the real falls.
What?
They're better.
The bigger and no comparison.
The US Falls is like taking two rocks
from the backyard and putting into your bathtub
and running water over it.
The US Niagara Falls is crap.
It's bush league.
The Whitewater Rampant 6, Hollywood 6,
the Desert 5, Puerto Rico 5, Boston 5,
one of the great lakes for the Florida Panhandle 3.
Forget it.
South Florida 3.
What does that mean?
Oh, these are people who don't live down there.
A Nashville 2, Central Florida 1 and Philly 1.
Central Florida.
Now who the hell would want to go there?
Not me, I hate Orlando.
Wow.
You hate Orlando?
Why is that?
It's all strip malls and neon strips.
Signs and it's hot in the summer and cold in the winter.
You know, one time years ago, I was in Orlando in the,
I mean, I don't know what month it was,
but it wasn't like in the dead of winter.
And I stayed in the motel, came out in the morning
and we had a frost overnight.
And the door to my car was frozen shut.
I had to really screw around to get the key in the lock
and unlock it the whole deal.
It was not pleasant in Orlando.
You wouldn't think you'd have your car door frozen shut
in Orlando any time of the year.
I don't know when it was.
When you hear this email, you're just going to lose your mind.
By the way, Eric sent one to George.
I don't know why he sent it to me.
I guess he sent me a copy of it or maybe he hit the wrong button.
You can go on to yourrages.com on our website
and right there's a link to send emails to me or to George.
So if you want to send George best wishes or whatever,
it's right there.
Dows up 130 point.
Oh, great things are happening today.
It's going to be a fabulous Monday.
Do you believe me?
Yes.
When we're going to be in that new studio,
I'm hoping by Wednesday.
Maybe tomorrow, but I doubt it.
You said that before.
Yeah.
Confidence is slim.
If Clarence is going to send me the schedule,
I don't have it yet.
He's doing it right now.
Is he?
How do you know that?
Could he just came and grabbed it from me?
He grabbed you?
Yeah.
And the schedule too.
Here's the one.
Here's the email I think that will put you over the edge.
Neil, I listen to your show online from the great Northeast.
Not a place just a great Northeast, not a city, not a town,
not a state.
There are always periods when I can't listen,
but always take comfort in knowing that when I return,
I can pick up with you right where I left off.
However, when I tuned in today,
and this was sent to me this morning, 10, 25 a.m.
So I don't know what they're talking about.
You bombarded me with tons of new show news.
Has George been fired or did he quit fired?
When did this happen?
Wednesday.
What archived show or show should I listen to?
That there are 4,000 questions in the email.
Was this a daily beginning of show or end of show topic
of discussion?
Did George get a chance to say goodbye?
Was this drama played out on the air?
Who's responsible?
I thought you two would both sink or swim together
with the loyalty and rapport you both had built up.
Has a replacement been selected?
Do you have a favorite?
Is it one of those guys who've been fillings over the past
couple of years?
Could it be a female?
Does the station have a new direction?
They want to take that position.
How about your show?
Is this the sign the station wants to change
other aspects of the show?
Neil, next I hear you talk about a new studio.
Is this just for you and your show?
I thought your show had a new studio to replace the Raton
and Feston when you joined QAM.
Is this mean you're back to doing the show from South Florida
again?
Does the station feel your local show would be more effective
if you're down around daily basis and more plugged
into the pressing issues and emotions of the community?
Sorry for everybody else saw the movie a doubt.
So you haven't seen it.
No, it looks good though.
It's very good.
But it's very disturbing in that the name of the movie
is perfect because it leaves you in doubt all the way through.
You don't know whether to believe him, the priest,
or believe the miserable old bitch none.
The frustrated old bitch who is once upon a time
married by the way.
Ooh.
Is that a little unusual for a nun?
Yes.
That was before she became a nun.
Now the fact that she lost her husband and then she
became a nun is that's supposed to be a sign to us that
she was a frustrated old bitch.
Merrill Streep, she's great in this movie.
Fabulous.
She's a good actress.
I never liked her before.
In fact, I dislike her intensely.
But last night she was just great.
She was great in the French lieutenant.
Well, take your word for it.
And Phil have seen more Hoffman shorts, lip shots.
He's always great.
Yeah.
Although in this movie, he was very good.
But I mean, he didn't really need to do that much acting.
Because her role was far and away the most important one.
She was just obnoxious.
I mean, talk about hate.
And by the end of the movie, she lies.
She admits that she lied about setting him up.
But never, but the church moved him around anyway.
Suspected pedophile, so they moved him around.
How unusual, huh?
Eric says to George, I really hope everything works out
for you for the better.
If you do land a gig on there anyway,
please let me know how I could listen to your show.
I'll let you know.
I'm going to miss you on a show,
and especially when you filled in for Neil,
did your own show.
I'm especially going to miss the times
you went after organized religion.
Nobody does that better than you, not even Neil.
Oh my.
This sucks for us to fans of the show,
but hopefully it'll be the best thing that ever happened for you.
Thanks for all the years of entertainment.
And please keep in touch.
Keep it touch says keep it touch.
Eric and West Palm Beach.
Well, I'm sure he also sent that to George, aren't you?
Yeah, hopefully.
And Hawaii Brances, your pool today is timely.
All your listeners who've never been to Hawaii
should come right now.
No one is here.
The beaches are almost deserted.
You can have a beautiful piece of white sand beach.
All your selves in many cases have a shelter
with free electricity if you know where to go.
There's a place on the north shore of a Wahoo called
Mala Hikara and Hana, something where you can
rent a beachfront cabin for just 50 bucks a night.
Please come to my beautiful Hawaiian spends lots of money.
Aloha and Neil God bless.
Some local top expert analysis.
This is South Florida sport room leader.
560 Q AM.
Neil God.
Oh, my friends go with tea baggers.
Tea bagging together.
Wow.
Tea baggers have to open wider.
Do you not talk with your mouth full?
Do you make me sit on my trowel?
Well, I get to see bagging.
What is that in your mouth?
Tea baggers is a ball over.
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth.
Tea baggers lies onto a molas.
Why can't you ever just keep your big mouth shut?
Come keep my mouth shut because I'm going to sit you big mouth.
Tea baggers goes to an easier.
The next thing I remember is having my knees and my ears.
Tea baggers has tubes and a teeth.
You're so good at tea.
Oh my God.
I just, I don't have a good feeling about this.
Tea baggers.
Oh my God.
Tea baggers can hold me gas now.
It's hard to talk with your key bagging.
How about I sit on your kinky face for a while?
Why you think about that?
Take a little dip.
Shake him under bed.
Make him do a flip.
Then squeeze.
Take a little dip.
Shake him under bed.
Make him do a flip.
Then squeeze.
Oh my God.
I'm on for.
1047 and 560 in a QA.
And that schedule is over here.
Here it is.
At a bar clearance, you're the best.
You believe me?
Well, do that sounds sincere?
Kind of.
A little bit.
Let's see.
We got to big O2, Mad Dog, at 4.
Dolphin tonight at 7.
D-A-211.
Kind of a pristine schedule.
No games.
No ball games.
No give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
How come they're so dolphin intensive in the middle of May?
I don't understand it.
Can you explain that to me?
I have no idea.
Is that because Joe is a suck up now?
As you said, suckle.
It's a wall of football.
Oh, I forgot about the wall of football.
That's right.
Even though it's the middle of May.
There's no football, but we got a wall.
I wish we had a wall.
I wish we had our studio working.
That'd be nice.
Or AC in the studio because I'm dying in here.
Really?
Oh, I'm about ready to pass out.
There's no way AC in here.
I turn the lights down as much as I could.
All right.
Maybe they're trying to fry the flea.
Yes, up here at the third.
That's me passing out on the floor.
Well, that's not good.
So in other words, see, you're complaining.
I heard Joe Rose giving instructions this morning.
All of this new studio is fabulous.
It's going to be sensational.
No complaints.
No, I don't want her any complaints.
Yeah, you know what?
The studio he's in is air conditioned.
Yeah.
And it's finished.
And it's working.
Except for the fact only one phone line is working.
Right.
Gordon says, doubt sounds like a good movie.
I wish though you hadn't revealed the ending.
Yeah, I got a little carried away there, I guess.
Did I reveal the ending?
A little bit.
A little bit.
When?
What?
When.
I haven't heard from anybody who has seen it though, actually, yet.
I don't know why.
Haven't had an email from anybody who saw it.
Anyway, speaking of doubt, there's doubt about the streaming.
Ron says, yes, there are sporadic problems with your feed.
Not too bad, but it's there.
And Joe Rose sucks, okay?
He says.
Jeff says, Neil, there does seem to be something wrong with the streaming.
It's dropped it out a few times, and I was replaying a part that just came across.
But Brandon comes through for us as usual.
He says, they are tinkering with the stream.
While it hasn't gone out completely, it'll stop for a second or two and come back.
And it seems that they're trying to adjust the quality because it's gone up and down a couple of times now.
Nothing too major, as in stay in major.
It was dropping out this morning, but I thought that might be my computer.
Really?
Well, maybe they're tinkering with it.
Maybe they're poaching around with it.
They must be.
Because this is obviously this whole new studio down there is a work in progress.
And no, it doesn't mean I'm going to be coming down there and doing any shows because that isn't going to happen.
Nor do we really have the ability for that to happen anyway.
Because the new studio, once it's finished, is for one person.
It's the flea studio.
Right?
Yep, for one small person because it's tiny.
Oh, here's one from Norma Camp.
Just waking up.
What's going on today?
Call my secretary if you need anything.
I'll be in court all day.
Norm can't attorney specializing in the leisure industry.
Well, what does that mean?
Here's somebody in Rhode Island, Paul.
I don't listen to this often.
I had to go back to school.
I'm really sorry to hear George is gone.
I think he's a great guy on a year and a half.
I'm sure he might even feel relief.
I'll miss George.
Have an excellent day, Neil.
Paul from Rhode Island.
Thank you, Paul.
Oh, Phantom Informers back again.
Perhaps it's a bandwidth issue.
The QM streamer kept rebuffing in the start of the show at 10 a.m.
I guess everyone tuned in at once and it sucked it up.
And the bandwidth too.
Saw your channel tentative he would die in Magnum online this weekend.
Diane looks like she's on the care and carpenter diet.
Do you know how many years ago that is?
No.
100 years ago.
When she turned to the side she looked like a sliver.
You had the big hairy, curate glasses on.
You could have passed for a son to late skip.
I thought the interview focused a little too much on your personal life
by showing John so much, although he looked like a handsome guy, not too fruity.
Well, great.
You're not too fruity, John, for the Phantom Informer.
Who also follows up with another one.
Any word from the WTKS crowd?
No.
There is no WTKS crowd.
Just a few chronics like you fantasizing, making up crap.
There's nothing going on with me in WTKS or with Sirius or XM or anybody else.
Any word from the TKS crowd?
These are just people whose lives are, they live imaginary lives.
You know what I mean?
They have no real life.
I have no life.
So they live imaginary lives.
They live vicariously through all this gossip and fall to all.
Now one person has seen the movie Doubt Yet and has any comment on it.
That's pathetic.
And on IMDB, you know how they were the people rated?
7.8 out of 10.
That's a high rating.
Very high rating.
7.8.
And I agree.
It's an excellent movie.
But it just leaves you wondering in the end, well, we'll never know.
Yeah.
I'll pick it up.
Did you know with that black kid or was, was he just invented all out of her mind?
You know, there are a lot of questions.
Doubt.
It's on my pay-per-view crap.
PR Ralph says, Hardee's on Stabro 27,
heading north of Lake Wales to be furbished and open.
And the Schroenburgers are the best.
I agree with that.
And the Swedish restaurant is still open, but that was not an even park.
It's on 27, also north of Lake Wales.
Swedish, I thought it was German.
I don't think it's Swedish.
I think it's German.
Right.
I think you got the wrong one, Ralph.
But there's a Hardee's north of Lake Wales.
If I was you, I'd hop in a car after the show and head right on up there.
Get me a Schroenburger.
The mushroom Swissburger.
Boy, that's good.
How come there's no Hardee's in South Florida?
I don't know.
Good question.
Too good.
Just like for years and years, there was no steak and shake.
And then we finally got it and then they started out pretty good.
And then the burger started falling apart.
Great shakes, though.
They got the best shakes at steak and shake.
Phil Asman also sends a thing to George.
And I don't understand why he's sending it to me.
I don't get it.
Dear George, don't you find it a little unusual when you open an email that says,
dear somebody, it's not your name.
Right.
But at least we know this is from a friend, from a good guy.
You're right.
Right.
Who's got his own little drop in.
Sorry I haven't written it sooner, George.
I can't believe what this business has come to.
I'm disgusted by the news that you're no longer with WQAM.
Just as you were really coming into your own as a host,
do a meal, had great chemistry together and it'll be missed.
Hopefully you'll land on your feet utilizing your talents elsewhere.
I'd love to get together for drinks one of these days.
Please stay in touch.
Best fill.
Phil Asman.
Good guy.
But that was meant for George.
Let me say it again.
If you want to send George something, send it to George.
If you want to send me your copy of it, that's fine.
You know.
If you want me to read it on your hand,
then you'll please read this on the years where everybody knows I sent it to George.
I don't know.
Gary says, sending your check via UPS was a real bonehead decision,
so makes perfect sense that QAM did that.
I have an occasion sent letters to my sister from Homestead to West Palm Beach.
If I send it on Thursday, she gets it on Friday.
All that for less than a half a buck, says Gary at Homestead.
PS George is the lucky one if I had an insane asylum.
You're right about that.
He'll land on his feet and then the long one he'll wind up sane and, you know,
doing better.
Because this is a, this is a crazy house.
Getting all these messages on Friday afternoon about my bonus check.
Oh, well, it was sent but not delivered.
Well, what does that mean to you when somebody says it was sent but not delivered?
It means I don't have it.
What?
That would mean that I don't have it.
So send it again.
Well, it's there.
Oh, Joey Reynolds is back again.
Guess what, Joey?
I already got the same exact email from the fake Joey Reynolds on Friday and Reddit.
Go away.
Scott and panelists, parks as I was buffering.
Oh, it was buffering a bit.
Thought it was my ISP as the culprit.
Meaning the streaming.
It was buffering.
Did Flea find the ABC contemporary sounder?
Oh, I doubt it.
No.
You don't have a computer in there, do you?
I have a regular computer but I don't have like the DCS or any of that stuff.
Oh, my God.
So once again, we come on a year in QM isn't prepared to provide us the studio.
Yes.
What does this say possible ACC baseball turning game on Wednesday?
What time would that be?
Like 11 in the morning or something we hope?
I have no idea.
That's what it says on a Wednesday schedule.
Possible ACC baseball turning game.
Oh, wouldn't that be great?
Like from 10, 30 to 2 o'clock.
Oh, that'd be nice.
Wouldn't that be sweet?
Let us know what time that's going to be clear and so we can be prepared for a nice day off.
Oh, Neil!
Maybe they can finish the studio during that.
Here we go again.
On SoundSport is 20 minutes later.
560 QAM.
Here listen, SoundSport is 40.
560 WQAM.
Miami.
Fort Lauderdale.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your Bonnie.
Aah, eh, eh, eh, heuds, eh, eh!
Oh, eh, eh!
Evening wallet, no way.
Another earth is here.
This is you Toolworking.
Where's that head?
Where's that head?
ÉsministeringCons�וat.
This is the Blood Mamie?
This is the Blood Mamie?
storehouse?
What news is it?
But now you don't think I'm so dumb
I play it like you did you got me free
With poison champs in her head
And to collect double indemnity
I'll push the bitch down the stairs
And I'm in your two days
Too late I'm already mad
Way too late
No, it's out this stairs
And in your two weeks here
You think you're sure?
It's the right thing to do to take my way
It's hard
Oh, he's a piece of work, I'll tell you
And police says Joe Bell is a Joe Rose
I get my Joe's all mixed up
There's a lot of them
Is a suckle
That was the first thing you said this morning
Right out of the gate
Bastard from a basket sends me this
We could play the drop in, you've got it there
But you don't have it in that computer
No, that's not on the DCS, I'm sure
It is, oh is it? But I don't have that
But you should have that
No, I don't mean DCS, I mean on the 360
Oh, no, it's not
No, I don't have it, I don't have that drop in
George offered a send it and I never took it
See if I had that now I could have played Bastard from a basket
Well anyway, says Neil
That was a very good movie
But you forgot one tremendous performance from the movie
Viola Davis who played the boy's mother
That's correct
All I can say about her performance in her scene on the street
With Meryl Streep is wow stunning
Anyway, very good movie and there are no fags in the church
No pedophiles in the church
And certainly nobody pressed lesbians nuns in the church
Are you sure?
I wouldn't have minded 30 or 45 minutes with the younger redheaded nun though
I definitely make her see God, it says
Yes, she was cute
The young nun
By the way, the Keynes baseball game on Wednesday could be at noon
If they didn't have any idea
Oh yeah, there is a God
They're all God
Now what is that dependent on?
Well, it's going to be at noon
I guess what they're trying to determine is
If they're going to put it on air or online
They're going to preempt this show for the Keynes baseball game
Wasn't bad enough they put those basketball games on back in the winter
How do we get that winter book?
Oh, I'm speaking to the book
Thursday morning, the next rating thing comes out
Yep
And this is going to be the new deal
Yep, it'll be April
With the new ratings service
Correct
Which we can't, why can't we say it on the air?
Not sure
We can say PP
Or don't say PP too much
Joyce gets real nervous, Joyce has a PP problem
That's what I've heard
Anyway, this bastard from a basket says
I hope you're just joking a possibility
About taking me for cocked phone calls again
No God, please no, his ponderous is some of the emails are
And I think the likes of a fan, Fat Man after dark, Timmy Dorsky, Joe Dodg, Yoyla, Oishmoi, June
And the endless litany of fakes
Like Tom Jika, Barry Jackass, Mark Hawkman
And Adam Kirschner, almost as bad as
Hi Ron, it's John Biden, this is Andy
At least when they're idiotic words of being read in your voice, it's more tolerable
But if you go back on, I can say his going to Chalfin
He's very strong, don't go back, take any more calls
Very strong
I don't have any need or desire to take any more calls
It's not like I feel I'm missing something
No
Like if somebody chopped off your right hand or something, you'd feel like you know a loss
You'd wake up in the morning and think, oh gee, I think my right hand ain't there anymore
But in this particular case, I think I could live with or without
Plus there's only one phone line working anyway right now, am I correct?
I think you are correct, yes
And maybe that's why those other fax machines aren't working because they're probably hooked up to lines that aren't working
And that'll logical conclusion?
I guess so, but KISS has been working out of this building for a couple of years now
You would think they have a working fax line
Maybe they don't send faxes out from KISS, what are they going to send out?
I don't know
Kind of nose picking, maybe they sent out boogers, okay? They're doing a lot of nose picking
Now let's fax some boogers over down the street
KISS is in the building, oh my god
Don't tell me Johnny Dork was in that building
Oh, I don't know
Maybe he put a curse, maybe that's why our studio isn't functioning in ready yet
Maybe Johnny Dork put a curse on it
Mary says, sorry about George, your show is not the same without him
For those of us listening to you online, did you do an interview with Diane Magdum?
Can we see it online?
100 years ago, Mary, when she was a channel 10, I don't even know if she's still there anymore
100 years ago, and evidently you can see it online because the Phantom Informer aka Mr. Radio aka I have no life
Saw it, big deal
I don't know where you'll find it, Mary, probably on YouTube, on you...
CUBE!
Or somewhere
Tom and Pobby sent this Friday afternoon after the show
How long are you going to be on the No Fly List and come back to Florida to do the show
And George sucked anyway, isn't that nice?
First of all, I'm not on No Fly List, I was just down there a couple weeks ago for the weekend
And I was down there two weekends before that for three days
But I'm not going to be doing the show down there
How long are you going to be on the No Fly List and come back? I don't want to
I have no interest in doing the show from there, well what's that going to add?
Well, what is it that I'm missing?
Oh, but Brickle is so great now, yeah good, you go to Brickle, okay?
Here's one from Shere, SATR, Shure, Shere, I don't know what that is
Neal, didn't you have another producer? Adam, whatever happened to him? He works for the Sun Sentinel, Adam Kirschner
Good luck to George when he lands on his feet somewhere, please let all of us know
I will, he's sending us emails every day
Adam was your producer?
What? Adam was your producer?
Adam worked at IOD, I don't think he ever produced my show, I forget, I don't know, I don't think so
I had a million producers over the years, I had John Levitt, I had WS News, I had Chris Sloan at INZ, I had very briefly
Rawl San Sone
That was my choice, I thought he was a good producer and we hired him and then I found out he wasn't
He didn't have a freaking clue, and then we did the show at the Hallmark, at the Hallmark
with all the old folks in Hallendale, death plus ten, and when I asked him who do you think we ought to book for that show, he said
well I would bring in K Ballard, that was up 148 points, you know who K Ballard is?
No
Old time singer, I mean 100 years old back then, that was 100 years ago, when he said to me I would bring in K Ballard
and I said I don't think so, at that point I knew I was dealing with our goofball, Rawls F San Sone
He sucked, is what I hear, but at any rate I had a lot of producers over the years
Who else? Nick Lawrence was my producer at IOD for a while?
The real Phil says I wrote last week I thought the reason George was let go is due to you constantly waiting against management and Joe Bell in particular
Yeah that's right, that must be it
A few things that were said on your show verify this line of thought, number one would be the fact that Joe Bell went after some college kid for calling him the C word
I mean really how petty is that?
You think a person in a corporate management position might have more pressing things to deal with, you think so wouldn't you?
Even please said that last Friday
Didn't you?
I did
Secondly, when you asked me if you thought I might be correct, there was a long hesitation before he said no, which makes me think he was playing CYA
No, playing CHA cover his ass, not cover your ass
By no means am I implying that any blame lies with you
Oh well that's a breath of fresh air, quite the contrary
It shows how completely unprofessional QM management is, not to mention how thin skin Joe Bell is, that is correct
Regarding having George on as a guest during the week, that might be a good idea if for no other reason it will piss off management and Joe Bell in particular
No, we're not having George on as a guest
I mean it's just, well, seriously I read this stuff and I wonder what is going on in the world? I mean I know it's a crazy world, okay?
What is going on out there?
What's in the air that these people are breathing, if they are breathing?
You think it would be a good idea to have George on the air on the air as a guest?
Well why would George want to do that?
He wouldn't, and you think they would sit still and let that happen? No, no
Oh finally somebody has something to say about the doubt, without a doubt
Doat, if you're in Canada you're going to say doat
There's a couple of, a few, here's one from Willis, as I saw a doubt it seemed very well done, though slow developing, yeah it was slow
The mother of the kid was excellent and received along with the young man and Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, or with the young nun
You can interpret the priest, Gilder and a Sinsa Korn, your own opinion of the church
Richard, Gierran, Edward Norton, and characters deal with clergy abuse in the movie Primal Fear
and the movie Sin City has a segment on abuse starring Rucker Howard, Elijah Wood and Mickey Rourke
I just saw angels and demons about the Pope Illuminati Vatican, archives, Galileo and the Swiss Guard
and has more action than its predecessor to the Da Vinci Code
If you don't like Tom Hanks you may not want to see it, I don't
You don't like anybody, I don't like Tom Hanks
Movies with Academy Award nominations you might like include Grand Torino, Eastwood and Subigited Old Carmage and Lee Factory Retire in Highland Park, Michigan
Milk, Sean Penn as the SFG rights icon, W, about W, and Frost Nixon, no I don't want to see Frost Nixon
Well thanks Will, Frost Nixon is on my pay per view movies, I saw it on there, I wouldn't dream of watching that
Why would I want to see a recreation with two people who don't look anything like David Frost or Dick Nixon of something that we already know about
They've still got the original tapes with the interviews, so why would you see a dramatized movie version of it?
Right, I don't get that, but then again there's a lot I don't get
I have a documentary of the original tapes
Three, well good for you
Milk was good and Grand Torino was okay
Oh, just okay
Oh the Phantom Informer again, Neil Rogers profile on Channel Tenney sends me a link, I have no need to see it
Cut the crap, sends me a link to it
Here's one from PR Ralph, Happy Victoria Day, it's holiday in Canada, why are you working at Go Home? I am home
It's not a holiday for me, but I'm glad you reminded me of that, I forgot all about it, it's Victoria Day
It's one of the silly Canadian holidays
Mm-hmm
Mike and Kendall says first I was having the same off-and-on problem with the internet stream today but it's no big deal
It's better now and the price is still right
Second the film doubt did lead me wondering, nevertheless I did like it as the acting was great
Finally I'm so excited about this week's Neil deal
The family's been regulars at Sports Grill Sun set for over five years
And I can tell you and everyone out there there's nothing better for chicken wings cold beer in a friendly neighborhood bar atmosphere
Yep
The special grill wings are some sort of combination of sauces that make for a fantastic flavor
For all those in Kendall, Sun set anywhere else in South Florida, these should fly off your websites as Mike and Kendall
Thanks Mike
Sounds to me like Mike's going to be buying two three hundred
Her Jesse Agro twice this weekend on 790 doing the Marlins pregame show so Jesse went across the street, huh?
Yep, you got on the shuttle bus? He did
He's a good talent and a good guy, we wish him nothing but the best
Another guy that got stabbed in the back and screwed over by QAM
Oh, Neil!
You're a thing to Neil Rogers
Well here we go again
I'm on South Florida sports later
560 QAM
We have Joe Rose, we have Jim Mandage
And we have Jim Boken
A football town, your football station
And South Florida sports leaders
560 QAM
Yeah, get baby!
STD Lady Strip Joyz
Approved by Joyce, Fartsounds
Rejected by Joyce
Online gambling scams
Approved by Joyce, words containing the word bag
Rejected by Joyce, direct dial dysfunction spots
Resoundingly approved by Joyce
Tova Sounds resembling Fartsounds
Rejected by Joyce, Platon Sports Related Faggery
And Sports Show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores
Happily approved by Joyce, Fartsounds
Rejected by Joyce
1118 at 560 WQM
Got a major development here, you're not going to believe this
Okay, I have an email from, I'll give you one guess
Um, Joe Bell
Yes, wow, how did you know?
I don't know, it's a good guess
You sitting in his lap right now?
On it
In it?
Not in it
Joe Bell says, I don't have any problem with George being on his off and as you guys want him
His position was eliminated for budgetary reasons, I'm okay if he's on every day
Says Joe Bell
So in other words, hey George, you're welcome back but only for free
Oh yeah, I did get that on my phone
You got what?
I got copied on that email on my phone
Did you really?
Yeah, here it is right here
Why is that?
I guess he copied me on it
And I got it
And I don't know why
Maybe the audience might find that a little bit strange just as I do
But nevertheless
So what do you think, Hugh? You want to call George? Put him on a ear?
Sure
Let's set it up for tomorrow, okay?
Make the audience wait
In fact, until George lines a new gig or as often as he's willing to do it assuming he is willing
I don't know, I don't know how he would feel about that
We can have a regular segment every day
Yeah
And then Wednesday we went and had that baseball game
Oh, oh baby
The Canes
So what's the deal?
What are they going to decide?
Whether they're going to carry it live on AM or whether they're going to carry it on the Internet
I'll try to find out as soon as possible
Would you?
Yeah, well you're on top of it
And a nice long pregame would be great
Starting at what about 10-30?
Sounds good to me
Oh
We just started officially last Thursday
It's this hot in here
No, it's boiling in there
Well, by Wednesday don't you think we'll be in the regular studio? I hope
Yes, I think so
Here's the poll we have, how much is 600 votes? Let me look
602
Refresh that baby
602
If I were offered an all expense paid vacation to some US spot I've never visited before I'd want to visit blank
I'm only going to read the ones in double digits
There's too many, there's just too many things on here
Okay
Hawaii 176
Way ahead of every place else
And good choice like I said excellent
Alaska 89, the Grand Canyon 60, your 7040, Vegas 32, San Francisco 25, Washington DC 21, the Virgin Islands 20
New York City 19, the Rocky 16, Mississippi River cruise 14, Martha's Vineyard 14, and Agra Falls on the New York side 12
New York side because that's the USA
Believe me there ain't nothing to see in Agra Falls on me
Although you can see the Canadian Falls across the way bring your binoculars
And then just drive across the Peace Bridge
Or the, what's the other bridge? The Rainbow Bridge did a whole bunch of bridges
And bring the bridge to the bridge to send her with you
So what do you think about that having George on? Do you think that's an ifty idea?
Yes sir
You think he'll go for it?
No
You don't? Maybe he'll go
But I doubt it
There's two ways to look at it
Number one, he'd like to communicate with his fans and the audience again
Number two, the other way I would look at it if I were him
Is they don't want to pay me, why the hell should I go on there and do something for them for nothing?
Right
After they just stabbed me in the back
But that's your bell for you
It was done for budgetary reasons, we love George and meaudiata, you know like that
We'd be more than happy to provide him with a dumpster for him and his family to live in
I'm not sure they would do that, you think?
No
Tim says, my wife saw a doubt I wouldn't go, I hate nuns
They really, really creep me out
Or you'd hate this one, I'll tell you that, the one I'm wearing in the movie
Uh-huh
She went with my sister-in-law and said that it was great but depressing
No, Schmidt
Also, didn't you say last week you were blocking Mr. Radio the phony phantom or did you forget?
Anyway, flea sounds good but Mr. George but WTF
My pal Tim
WTF
That's what you got to say like Tom Cruise said in what movie was it, Frisky Business?
He said once and why you just got to say what the F?
Remember that?
Oh yeah
That's back when we actually like Tom Cruise a little bit, not a whole lot but a little bit
I like them back during Rainman too
Yeah before he got really weird
Before he got gay
Oh, into the Scientology thing?
Yeah
And everybody realized he was deep in the closet, deep in the closet way way back in there
With our Kelly
Andres says, seen doubt last night
Seen doubt last night
Wow, I watched it last night too, it's a great movie
My wife and I watched it on Demand Comcast right before FitBet
I watched it on Demand Rogers or Cable
The little black kid drank the Jesus juice and they thought the priest took advantage of him question mark?
Was a little unsure because he didn't admit to messing with him but got the infamous magical priest transfer
Merrill was a total bitch, he played a good role
I wanted to slap her ass, I'll bet
It was funny when she made the
None eat the food after spitting it out
One thing that had me confused was that white shirt or blanket in the locker weird gay
Was his t-shirt
The young nun saw him put the t-shirt in the locker
And he said he left it in the place where they do the wine and all that stuff
What do they call that place?
I don't know
I'll see that's one bad thing we got two Jews on the show we don't know any goyem stuff
P.S. I seen the bastard from the basketball movie to the absolute worst movie fell asleep two times
And it was still going nowhere horrible, you're right it was horrible
Did you see it?
Yeah
There will be blood
There should be blood for whoever recommended that movie
And I like Daniel Day Lewis, he's usually good
And what happened?
Well he was doing the movie, the movie just wasn't good
You talk about an over the top performance
Well that's right, did you make any money on the racial Alexandra this weekend? No
Barry MacCocknus has been the truck
Well she's a great Philly man, I'll tell you that one horse, always the one horse
A real drama or something like that?
Yeah
That horse really pissed me off
He screwed up the race, almost screwed it up
Well you picked the second horse?
No I did not
Off the air you did, you told me you were going to pick him second
The horse that came second was the Derby winner
Right
Mind that bird
At one point you told me you were going to take mine that bird as the second place a horse
I guess you didn't
No I told Dave Johnson I was picking what you call it second
I'll find it
I can't think of a name
But at any rate, yeah I did okay
I didn't bet it, why would I bet it?
But anyway the rail horse
Big drama
That's the horse that threw the jockey off John Velasquez before in the starting gate before they get it started
And then he was all fired up when they came out of there
He set the pace and made racial Alexandra work real hard to get the lead
They went way too fast the first quarter and a half
But nevertheless great Philly and the fact that the cow old Calvin Morel said she never got a hold of the track
She was struggling, you're struggling
Was amazing, almost forgot about the prequeness
Thanks Barry
Oh Steve Rodden-Aros is good morning Neil
I just want to let you know some compelling news
I had a conversation with your GM Joe Bell
Mr. Bell was trying to peak my interest about working the two to four hours
I told Mr. Bell I don't cover sports
Mr. Bell's response was the following
It's okay neither does Neil
Tell Mr. Biggo not to wet his pants
I turned on the minimal offer for Mr. Bell
I did give Mr. Bell some advice
Keep George and do not fire him
While I see he did listen to my advice
From the fake Steve Rodden-Aros
What does that mean? I saw your ad
I believe I have something that will definitely interest you
Here's the link I saw your ad
I hope it helps you find what you're looking for it help me
What does that mean? What ad are they talking about?
Do we have an ad somewhere? I have no idea
Now here's the link am I clicking on the link?
Absolutely not
Oh Neil! You're listening to Neil Roger
Here we go again!
Montauflort is for you
560 Q AM
Neil God
Ladies and gentlemen
If I could offer only one tip for the future
Act strange
And people will leave you alone
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable
Than my own meandering experience
Put a slinky around your neck
And try to walk downstairs backwards head first
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps
And sing feelings
While the kernels go snap crackle and pop
Go up to a ticket booth
And try to stick your head to the hole
Where they say how much
Lick, a stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country
It's a sign of respect
Take lots of pills
One of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger
They've heard anything from Lewis
Me, Annoying
During an IRS audit
Staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon, a funeral
Play GoFetch with a C&I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling
Killer bees, Killer bees
Say the word titty
Without smiling
Try to figure out who said
Paulie Shore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy
Who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries
And try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work
But many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion
Tell your old English teacher
That your dog is still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire
They'll take a million dollars for one of his books
Try to find the secret to care atop success
Understand your conception was an accident
That your parents got wasted
And wanted a few more laughs before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door
Go on a car trip with bobcastis
And force them to stay in his car seat
Try to dribble bobcastis
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no ear willed anyone
Unless you don't like them
Then screw them around their own
Realize anyone who says that completely happy
Are completely full of crap
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman
Or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world
And you may just be one of them
Sniff an old lady
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it, embrace it, protect it
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash
Care enough not to care
Come while you eat
Act strange
And people will lead you alone
Now it's up 163 points
For all you suckers, I mean all you investors out there
1134, 26 till noon at 560 WDQM
A flee is at our new well-know-he's not
Kind of, in the new building
And what's the word?
I have the word at Bad News for you
What?
The ACCUM baseball game?
Oh no. It's going to be broadcast internet only
Well that makes too much sense
Right
Can you imagine what that would do to the number?
How many people do you think might listen to the UM baseball game?
About third man
And then I say that as somebody who did UM baseball for six years
But we broadcast games on WS News on the weekend primarily
And of course the regionals in the college world serious
But nevertheless
All of these
Right
So I guess we're going to be working all week
Yeah
And what's your thought on Heaven, Georgia on a phone?
You think he's going to want to do that?
I'm fine with it, I think it'd be cool but no I don't think I want to do it
I'm still working on the party, I think that's going to happen though
Oh okay well I had an email about that
Yeah, I should have final details today
Really?
Yeah
So this is going to happen?
I think so, yeah
Now is Jolly Joe going to come?
No, he said he would not come
Did he? He would need secret service
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, probably not a good idea just like Ken Moldins funeral
Brian and Wellington says last week
You and Flea mentioned the possibility of a farewell party in the near future for Georgia at the Hard Rock
I just wanted to know if there are any updates on this situation
I missed your previous appearance at Gulf Stream
We'd love to go to the Hard Rock to see you in the rest of the crew
Congratulations on receiving your bonus check and take care
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah, I could bring my bonus check to the Hard Rock
So what do you think? So you're putting this together are you?
With their approval and blessing
So far thumbs up from everyone
But Jolly Joe isn't going to be there?
Oh that's no fun
Now what when are you thinking about doing this?
Friday?
This Friday? Yeah like a happy hour thing, 4-7 something like that
Well how the hell can I be there if you're going to do it this Friday? I guess I couldn't
Oh I didn't know you wanted to come down
For George? Maybe the following Friday then
And how could I do that? I just can't do it without taking them off
I don't want to take any more time off
Yeah they're counting
Yeah I know they're counting
What does that mean? I don't know
They are counting what does that mean?
I have no idea
That sounded really sinister
They're counting
Yeah, clearance was counting
Well can you tell me how many days Niels miss since the beginning of the year?
Fersky says I think that George segment is a great idea
You could always pay him for his time on the phone and then she's got a smiley face
Phil Hendry did a voiceover on King of the Hill last night played a Canadian
Love you
Thanks Fersky when I get emails from Fersky
For some reason it reminds me of because it's an unusual name to say the least
It reminds me of one of my first producers
Fern Friedman on WKAT 100 years ago, Rest in Peace
I think she's on the other side
Young lady Fern Friedman, she was a sweetheart
And she was one of my first producers all over
I'm not really sure what a producer did back then because I booked my own guests
We were a low budget station
And I'll kind of like QAM is now
KAT was low budget
Fern Friedman
And then once upon a time I got a message from somebody saying she was a date
Just like Larry King, Slay, not Larry King, Larry Knight, Slice, Larry Stein
Just amazing how crap happens
You go through your life and then somebody says oh just like Mary Ellen Calder, Bill Calder's wife
She was young
She had breast cancer and she died
What a sweetheart she was
She was one of the nicest people you could ever meet
Had some incredible stories about working as a waitress
She wasn't a waitress, she was like the manager of the restaurant in Neiman Marcus
What the hell is that mall where Neiman Marcus and Saksar?
Here? Yeah
There used to be a Neiman Marcus over at the Fashion Mall
No, not the Fashion Mall
Somebody will know, there's one at the Adventura mall
No, but anyway she used to be the restaurant manager
And more of the stories she had were just spine tingling, just amazing
Moffo says,
Lister since WNWS, Moffo, get Moffo your money
Her Jesse Agley twice this weekend on 790 doing Marlins pregame show
He does a very competent job on that kind of show so I hope he sticks around
And it's not 790's version of QAM's Kevin Rogers weekend experiment
What ever happened to him by the way Kevin Rogers, he gone already?
Yeah, I guess so
And whatever happened to Ethan, what was his name?
Not Ethan Skolnik, Evan Cohen
Evan Cohen, he was on this weekend
Was he? Yeah
Well they sure can't make up their mind on those weekend people can they
We can find a bunch of people who work for free
I see we got guilty on again Saturday if no one between 1 and 4
Curtis is on 4 to 7 and Adam Cooper's dying
Are they? Oh and you know what really frosted my ass about the whole George thing
I mean the thing in general obviously
But something else, how about the money that they've been paying for a long long time to these guys
These sports writer guys and Rosenstein, Kranz, all these idiots
Who are just blowing away the audience
They pay them but George bye bye, you know I don't get it
How much do they pay those guys?
Oh I have no idea
They do pay them though right? Yeah they pay them
To chase the audience away
Anyway Moffo says, heard Geldy can't recall precisely what he said about George
But it was positive along the lines of he'll be missed in this business sucks
Both correct Geldy nice observations on your part
Made your disappointment but not surprising either big or mad dog soft fit to bid George a do
Mad dog is still the right wing twit and big dog is done four shows in a row about high school recruiting
And some bogus public school versus private school controversy
The year rip in Joe Rose this morning bad
A little bit
You said he was a shameless suck hoe or something like that
Only doesn't very briefly this adonial crystal like Joe says pretty lame thus far can try morning zoo type chatter yeah bad it's bad really bad
Well you think that Sid had bad numbers so do you want to say on the air did you tell me that off the air about Sid the kid or was that on the air?
That was on you oh I forget I don't care if he likes me or not I don't
Oh like that should be your biggest problem that he don't like you right
Sid the kid
Who's left a trail of blood and disaster behind him to like so it's few
See this is the thing I don't understand people like Frenell and
and Mo too the people westwood one told Greg read if you just want to ask us first we could have told you we could have warned you about him
Everywhere he's worked he's had the same people issues you know I mean mm-hmm I want this one fired and how dare you and I will see here like that
You are listening to Neil Roger I am going to share some of your footage later
I'm not saying that's 20 or 30 times
AM. We focus on local sports talk. That's why we are South Florida sports leader. 560.
Q. A. F. By the way, I screwed up. Yeah, I know. That's okay. I moved the spot up so you can do the
live in this next stop set. Really? Yeah. What a guy. Hey, Neil, this is Randy West. And as per our
phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northy of the day. He tells me your real name is Neil down.
And he's still ain't interested in.
I'm in South. Sure. God is man. He compares the locals to a willy walk of our chocolate.
Yes, right.
It's time for us to come together. It's time for us to rebuild a new Orleans. The one that should be
a town all the way over the. This city will be chocolate a chocolate. New Orleans. He never takes the blame.
For anything.
Chocolate at the end of the day. That chocolate in some coffee. I got one. All this. Renegant.
Renegant. You know I can.
Renegant. He wants to make new Orleans.
You can't have New Orleans. No other way. It wasn't in. It wouldn't be chocolate. It's 1147.
You know, they should take those kids at Notre Dame and stick them in the desert and don't give them a
mat. Though those kids are walking and breathing and living examples that we need abortion.
You know what I mean? Yep. I'm sure you do.
They're showing all the protesters there and then the handful of wackos at Notre Dame.
Oishmoiju's got a movie review. He said, speaking of bad movies, do not rent the wrestler with
Mickey Rourke. There was no chance I was going to do that. Anyway, a major piece of crap he says,
wow, please warn your listeners. Marissa, Tomé is pathetic, but believable is a broken down
pooled answer. Horrible scenes and dialogues throughout five thumbs down. It says, Oishmoiju.
Do not rent the wrestler. Yeah, it drags a bit. Oh, you seen it?
Mm-hmm. Bad. I wouldn't say it's horrible.
Is it as good as... Bastard from a basket? Yeah. It's better than that. No. Yeah. I would hope so.
Paul says, I listen via the internet. Am I going to hear the baseball game rather than you
are they going to use a separate stream for the game? Excellent question. Looks like I'm going to have
to take a drive to South Florida if the former is true. How's that going to work on Wednesday?
We're going to be preempted off the internet. That is a good question.
Do they have a separate stream? Mm-hmm. I don't think so, but maybe if they go to NeilRodgers.com,
maybe they can pick up the stream there, but I doubt it. I'll check with George Corso and find out.
Yeah, check with good old George Corso. Also, say, when the hell's our studio going to be ready,
Corso? You know yesterday you sent me that text message about them. Am I getting the audio
from down there? Yeah. And Friday night you sent me the message about feed some audio for
see if they get it down there. Right. It just seemed to me because when I came in here yesterday,
the VU on the... on the tellosting was just banging, man. I mean, it was just... into the red,
it was just great. Nice loud volume. And I listened to it and it was crystal clear.
I haven't heard anybody say it. The station sounds a lot better today in the new studio or in the
new building. I think it sounds really clear. Does it really? That's what I was told. I heard
a spy report on that over the weekend. I mean, our signal still is what it is, but when you can't
get it... The signal still stocks, but it's a clearer signal that you can't hear. Right.
Paul says, Neiman Marcus in the Boca Mall Town Center, I don't do Boca, okay, Paul? We're talking
with Big Mall. Sacks was in there. Neiman Marcus. On Biz Pregn.
On Biz Game Boulevard? Yeah. Pretty sure. Somebody will know. We're talking about in Dave
County, not in Boca. I can't remember the last time I was in Boca in order who I want to.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil. Boca's words are good. Oh, you talking about the Dateland Mall? No.
Dateland Mall, are you a crazy person or what? Neiman Marcus was never in the Dateland Mall. I don't
go there much, so I don't know. I used to live in Kendall for years, for five years.
So I know my Dateland and believe you me, sacks fifth avenue in Neiman Marcus ain't never been in
Dateland. The fake film in Poppano says, high Neil High Flea. I have something to add in relation to
there will be blood. I was in disbelief that no one picked up that Daniel De Lewis was doing a
reprise of his character from the film, Gaines of New York. Is that what he was doing? I don't know.
At least that's what I got from it says he was the only compelling reason to stay with that film
and not flea, F-L-E-E. Speaking of flea, did you get the other mail which I mentioned that
Georgia's removal was a vendetta against you much like waking in your bed to find Georgia's severed
head beneath the covers? If not, that's the thrust of it. Yeah, I got it. Like I've said before,
if I don't get to a particular email right away, just relax. Just cool it, okay? It's in my pile.
Much love, boys. Keep up the good work. The fake film in Poppano. The fake film. Oh.
Here's one that says, sorry to hear about George. Now he can leave Hollywood Florida like we did.
Thank Neil God we got out. We now live in Colorado. Beautiful, nice, friendly people. Not like the
miserable folks in South Florida. You're loyal. Listen to the former Rosa Lopez lady in West Hollywood.
Oh yeah. The Rosa Lopez lady. Let's go to Rosa Lopez's house and see the picture of the Virgin Mary
on that Toteino's pizza. What do you say? Sure. John Gruden joins Monday night football.
Night exciting news. Oh, very well after all we are your sports intensive of QIM.
John Gruden attends to coach again, but until that day, the man known throughout the NFL as Chuckie
will get to sharpen his teeth in the SPN's Monday night football booth. He'll join Play by Playman,
Mike Toreco and analyst Ron Jaworskin in September replacing Tony Cornhole. Oh, man, that's a good one.
Get him off of there. Yeah, he was horrible. Although Mike Toreco is terrible. Yep.
And Ron Jaworski go back to being a dentist. He makes my teeth ache.
This is a tremendous opportunity. I'm very excited to be associated with the SPN
in Monday night football group and send the statement that it's released by ESPN.
I grew up a fan of Monday night football, whether I coached a Monday night or watch
a hardly missed a game all these years to join Mike and jaws in the booth.
And to work alongside this top notch team is going to be a real thrill. Mike and jaws.
Jaworski is jaws. And I create the nicknames they have for athletes. Oh, yeah.
Pathetic. Like in hockey. I don't know about other sports, but a hockey they're all like
Paul laws was laws are in my way. Whitney was a razor. I mean the beazer.
Beazer. Yeah, beazer and razor and laws are in the
whatever. That's up 166 point.
Better days are coming.
The Anna Cornelholy guy Rick sends me an apology. Believe you me, there are plenty of you people
out there owe me an apology, but I'm not going to hold my breath from the craft that came in last
week. Oh, you should have paid your energy salary and you should have walked out and you should
do this and you should do that. Screw you. All these experts out there who want to tell all
of us how to live our lives and what they'll do. All these experts on my finances and every other
damn thing. Anyway, Rick says I'm writing this email to apologize for the email. I'll say you
last week concerning George. I was trying or I was typing out of anger and this was inexcusable.
inexcusable. That's right. I've been a lawyer listener of yours when George started a
philanthropic lawyer listener right out of the arbitrarian books I've received over the past
years. I even went to a couple of appearances that George was doing at Bill Sattles in Miami.
Ever since I started listening, it's always been you and George and I have and this abrupt change
was unsettling to say at least if it was unsettling to you, how do you think it was to me? Rick,
I know it wasn't your fault or fleas and I shouldn't have blamed anyone but the NF management
at QAM. Once again, please accept my sincere apologies. Please let us know where George ends up so I
could be a listener of his as well. I certainly will. And maybe we'll have money here once in a while
not every day. Don't you think it's a little over the top? Yeah. And by the way, to show will not be
on the web on Wednesday, they will have the ACC baseball game on the way. All those people,
those hundreds of people I listen to this show online. What the hell is this ball game on here?
What's this you and baseball? That's right. Wednesday, no, Neil online.
Are you thinking of the ball harbor mall? Bell Harbor. That's the one. Not ball harbor,
bell harbor. Yeah. Ball harbor. My ass. There's no R I guess. Who, who told you that?
My good friend Steve Branson. Thanks Steve. Ball Harbor mall. Was that on Biscayne Boulevard?
I don't think so. I didn't on you. What? What? Isn't it on the like US one at that point?
Or OZ? I think so. It's not on Biscayne. Biscayne Boulevard is US one. Yeah, I think it's actually
on like a one a. Well, what a word to how it is. Yeah, that's the one. Oh,
Neil. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. Uncultured as 20.
Later, 560 Q AM. Ah, Steve Goldstein. But you can call me Galsy. Whenever I'm in town,
I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12 to 1 hour.
Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't.
I am. Oh, how is it?
David. He's present and I'm in.
All over my own face. I'm blue with red. It's boys. Oh, they. I don't know why they.
They always. They always. It must be because I got these. They're with red. It's boys.
They. They. On my arm like a random alley map. A lock of what? I got beans on my nose.
Nobody knows that under my clothes. I wear fancy hares. But that no mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have had your own, I see my legs. I might as well keep on smooth and shaved.
Show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him. I can go to his agent.
But that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk out looking like Joe Rivers.
So where am I? I buy a little beast. The fat little freak. I did him a favor.
Now again, upon the heat. The reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard is big.
I see wouldn't shut up and he can't play conest.
Hey, somebody talk over there. Nobody talks when I rap. I rap and you talk.
Look at me. I'm hit. I ain't no square. I'm a ding-dong daddy, man. I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want. I don't care. But hopefully if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair.
I get fired myself and even happens to the grapes. Westwood once said you can add a hair well.
We break your legs. So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jets. Paradise.
Paradise. I don't kiss somebody's ass in paradise.
No, no, no, no. I'll be shoving up the screwkins when I get the chance.
If the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants, how long does it take?
Keltie calling for play. It was just a little thought. So what I left this day.
I get it. That's why I want another sandwich buddy. I can do what I want.
But the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
No, something you ought to know. But along his time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight towel. Now I'm straight. How about you?
What do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
Get out of here.
But it's cash.
That you.
Get out of here.
That bitch.
Get out of here.
From 020560 that's by request from a Tracy who apologized.
I didn't think I'd really get some apologies, but I did.
Can that sensational?
That's nice.
Tracy says, I'm sorry for my last email about not listening.
My reaction to Georgia's firing came from my heart and not my head.
It was not a reflection of how I feel about you or a flea.
The email was not meant to be harsh.
Hearing you read my email made me realize my overreaction.
I'm bummed, but I know it's a sign of the time.
This is my business is down as well.
The tea bagging bit in your discussion of doubt gives me a pool idea.
It might be too complicated, but we'll see.
The tea bagging bit reminds me of a hilarious scene in the John Waters movie,
Pecker.
It was that movie that I first learned about tea bagging.
So the idea is something like other than a porno,
what's the most educational movie you've ever seen?
And she's got doubt, Godfather, hotel Rwanda, and Schindler's List.
In Georgia's Honour could you please play the moment with Georgia on the comb?
Have a great day.
You too, Tracy Apology accepted.
The fake Tom Jicke says, you're speaking of Bal Harbor, although not on Biscay
Boulevard, it's on Collins.
It certainly is pretentious.
I wonder if Margaret is still around.
And somebody points out that Phil Henry's character, Margaret, was from Bal Harbor.
Are you sure positive?
Ron Bailey says, send that bonus to George, you schmuck.
No, I will not.
I'll do with it, whatever, and how I want to do with it.
Ron Bailey, see what I mean about these people?
Life instruction.
Do this.
Don't do that.
Do this.
Do that.
Say this.
Don't say that.
Scuria.
Send that bonus to George.
Georgia's got a bonus coming.
And of course, in his case, he'll have it done by the end of the year.
Now where's the one that says, change the subject?
Bal Harbor is on the beach at 94th Street A1A going north to Oliver Nled.
Thanks, Sam.
Bal Harbor Mall.
Yep, have been there in a hundred years.
Is it still there?
It's there.
Oh, you sure?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Oh, here you go.
Lobby Boots says, can you talk about something else beside George?
Let him rest in peace.
Joe Bell now wants to get another 19 years out of a corpse.
When you said these people were grave robbers, you hit it on the head.
Have fleed to attack them and sing some maturity temple songs.
See when the lobby it says, whatever that means.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
Lobby Boots.
Oh, Tim says it was good to hear that George is moving along.
We should see there is no subject on the show.
The subject is whatever you people write the emails about.
So don't give me a son of an aunt about I'm supposed to change the subject.
Just like I'm supposed to send my bonus check to George
and I'm supposed to send him a zillion dollars and all this other stuff.
Do this, do that.
Don't do this.
Screw you.
Don't even waste the effort typing it out because it goes in one ear and out the other
ear.
Correct them.
Bunch of Yenthas.
Anyway, Tim says I wish George luck and finding a good number of commercial
sponsors wanting to make a go of it.
Maybe he could bring a sponsor along for his visits and do a spot like
Dr. Rosencrantz says on the Joe Roe show.
That's a possibility.
Yeah.
They'd like that.
I hope the block feature for the new phone system manages to work in keeping the
show rid of Be My Friend and Jamba Freaks.
Don't not be my friend.
I'm your friend.
Get a ride, Tim.
Is the model you're thinking about the shops at Bal Harbor?
That's the one.
Still there, huh?
Yep.
How much in Eman Marcus ain't there anymore?
I used to have an Eman Marcus and a sax fifth avenue credit card.
Never used either one of them.
Thank God.
How about J. Virens?
Yeah, I had that.
What a dump that was.
Oh, yeah.
That was like a make-believe store, a phantom store.
That was like four steps down from Key Mart.
Yeah, of J. Virens.
That was a dump teaser.
There was a J. Virens in the fountain shops in Plantation.
The store that I loved.
I've said this a billion times was Jordan Marsh.
From Boston, Jordan Marsh.
I wonder if Jordan Marsh is still in Boston, do you think?
I don't know.
I like Marshall Field a lot.
Do you?
That's also in the Plantation shops.
Really?
Everything that goes in there eventually goes out of business.
I don't know why.
Like that white mountain creamery ice cream place.
That place was awesome.
Great stuff.
They lasted about five minutes.
I bet you that pet store is still there,
though, doggie heaven or whatever it is.
And what's the restaurant that I love?
Two J's.
That's in the same plantation shops.
Well, I don't know.
There's just something strange about that mall.
Nobody stays in business there.
It's still there.
Oh, I know that.
Don't you think I've been down there recently
like two weeks ago?
Oh, I know I'm out of touch.
You're out of touch, Neil.
We need you back in South Florida so you can touch this.
No thanks.
Speaking of that and says I heard guilty.
Maybe this is a blessing.
He was bitching that they didn't give him a key card
to the new building.
But the people who are there never got one.
I don't know what that means.
Says Pete the chronic.
It says let's invite Joe to a fake remote and then blank.
You hear the sirens?
Yep.
I don't think that's an accident.
That's not just a coincidence.
Pete the chronic had something evil in mind.
I'm sure.
So, uh, Jolly Joe is not going to come to Georgia's party, huh?
No.
Do you blame him?
No, I don't blame him at all.
If you were he, would you show up there?
No way.
Be ugly.
Wouldn't it be ugly?
Yeah.
Fat man after dark apologies.
And boy, if anybody owes an apology, he's one of the men.
He says I apologize for my cost to keep me
alive last week.
It was wrong for me to proclaim it to your feet
when I don't know everything going on.
And nobody can really comment on the George situation
because we don't know the entire story.
We never will know.
I will remain a loyal listener.
And hope you accept my me a cup of in the sincere man,
a man or which I mean it.
Fat man after dark.
I accept it.
But don't do that again, please.
You know, when people claim to be loyal listeners and they love you
and blah, blah, blah.
And then something happens that's beyond your control.
And then they want to they want to bury you for it.
That's not a good deal.
It's like all those good friends I had on my spot.
Every single one of them, every one of them vanished.
Except Brandon.
Brandon, I was on the other email.
Every one of them vanished.
Disappeared.
Out of 16, you know what that reminds me of?
I'm your friend.
All those, oh yeah.
Thanks for the ad.
I'm your friend.
No, you're not.
You're some anonymous goofball out there on the internet.
Of course, you're big on that stuff.
Facebook and Twitter.
And you also do my space?
I used to.
I haven't been to it.
Oh, no, ages.
Mainly Facebook.
Well, that said, you're a trendy guy.
You know, that's that's where it's at now.
Everybody's doing Facebook.
Not me.
I refuse.
Jimmy says, this is unreal.
I was only able to listen last Monday or since last Monday.
You hinted it was a possibility that George was going to be gone.
But I didn't take it seriously.
I thought it was just a stick.
Well, all you people are kept accusing us of it being a stick.
It's the next Monday.
Is George here now?
No.
Is he coming back tomorrow?
No.
Maybe on the phone for a few minutes.
I hope.
Says, I'm sorry, man.
I must suck for you.
Jolly Joe has no breaks.
I guess poor Ken didn't even cool down.
And Jolly Joe is attempting to kill some more people.
I know you have to look.
I know you have to look into me every once in a while, Joe.
I considered George my friend,
even though I didn't know him personally.
How much money could you possibly save you,
piece of Joyce?
I'm going to keep on listening, but QM is crap.
They, something away from, they took away from the show that makes the most.
I don't get it.
Flee, I'm not going to hate on you, although you should tell the truth about everything,
which I don't think you have.
Have you told the truth about everything?
Yes.
Well, you sure?
Yes.
Positive.
Positive.
And also to fire George the way they did,
where everybody else knew but Neil and George, it's low, Joe.
Whatever anyone thinks about George, he deserved better.
He definitely deserved better.
Says Jimmy, who is really pissed off.
You can tell, you can tell by the type it's hopping off the page.
No, I mean,
hopping off of there.
Hopping mad.
Key West dancers is Hawaii sucks.
Neil, I was placed to visit and do the tourist things, but no,
not a great place to live.
Spent 22 months on a Wahoo, who lived outside Honolulu.
Bad drug problems had windows smashed out of two vehicles at two different locations.
Apparently individuals were looking for a spare change, Mr.
Last draw, somebody tried to break into my house.
My wife said enough is enough she hated the place like poison.
So evidently they're gone.
And once they're gone, they're just gone.
They're not going back.
I haven't been there in so many years.
I couldn't come.
And I know the last time I was there was so crowded,
you couldn't drive from the airport into like Waikake.
I mean, I did, but with my rental car, but wow.
It was just a nightmare.
It took forever.
Lots of Japanese people there.
Oh, yeah, Japan and the Japanese bought up the whole islands.
Now, the way you say that is that a good thing or a bad thing.
I guess either depending on how you look at the Japanese, I have no problem with them.
I don't have any problem with Japanese except the fact that most of them are very ugly.
And they're loud.
Or are they loud?
Yeah.
Loud Japanese?
Because their language is seem so loud.
Well, what foreign language doesn't seem so loud?
English.
Oh, if there's anybody louder than the old Italians that would buy an omig and the old Ruskies,
wow.
But the Italian guide and the women,
but especially the husbands, oh my god,
loud, they think everybody wants to hear what they have to say.
Menage la mezere, yeah, that's what I say to you.
Loud, they're nothing worse than loud obnoxious people.
You know, in fact, the loud part makes them obnoxious.
Right.
And don't they realize it?
No.
When they're talking to somebody who's like two feet away from them,
is the other person deaf?
Is that the problem?
Do you have to scream?
Screamers.
I've seen a few screamers in my time.
BAMING!
Jimmy, I haven't heard from any of those people today.
Isn't that strange?
Now that we're in our new building allegedly?
Yeah.
Have it heard from the chronic berry?
All over the fake Tom Jickegaard in there a couple times.
Not the fake berry.
Or the fake Jimmy.
Or the fake Greg Budell or any of those.
1213 at 560 WQM.
Holy Makinah!
This is Joe Bo on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Open up, I say.
Let me in.
I got big news.
I ain't got no makeup on.
I get very open to door.
What can I do?
You see this here?
Production starting on three stuages movie.
Still no decision on who will play Mo.
Oh wow.
Don't you get it, mallet head?
The thing about this guy here with an ACO del Toro.
Good actor.
He makes a great Lord Mo.
But he ain't no Mo.
Yeah.
I'm perfect for it.
Why I am Mo.
Once they get a load on me it's a cinch-alcatholede roll.
Ah, you're dreaming.
Dreaming, huh?
Well, she holds dreaming when I get back from Hollywood, didn't it?
Ah, Hollywood at last.
I think this is the studio right here.
I hate Mr. Way to think you're going.
I'll see here.
I am Mo.
How would it be, then?
And I'm here for the new three stuages movie to make it.
I wouldn't go into that studio.
They're filming a gangster movie in there.
Okay.
Get out of my way.
Hello everybody.
I'm here.
The starter of your three stuages movie.
And ACO.
Hello.
Hello.
Whoop.
Whoop.
Whoop.
What's going on?
From 18 to 560 WQM.
I don't know what is with some of you people.
It's just, you know, didn't we,
didn't we already solve the question about the, uh,
Neiman Marcus and, uh,
Sacks was in the Val Harbor shops?
Yes.
In Val Harbor.
Not the Omni.
Okay.
The Omni was on Biscayne Boulevard.
Downtown.
Right now we were with the old channel.
Ten used to be as a matter of fact.
Remember the old channel 10?
Yeah.
That's where I think they hooked up the trailer and took
ambitious body away.
So, uh, Sandy couldn't get it, but she eventually got it anyway.
Sorry, Jimmy Cifalus.
So, Arcastic Samson just heard you mentioned Jordan Marsh.
You wanted on the, whether they're still around.
Unfortunately, they're not.
Yes, it was a beloved department store here in Boston,
but it's gone because it was bucked by Macy's.
They turned Jordan Marsh into a Macy's.
I believe Macy's did the same thing with bird eyes in Florida.
Made them all into Macy's.
Correct.
On another note, if you heard the Sri Lankan
tablet tigers officially surrendered, yes.
Perhaps the protesters in Toronto have done the same.
No.
No, these Sri Lankans, which are a terrorist organization, by the way.
And they still continue hawking away.
Oh, gee, this is wrong.
And blah, blah, blah, blah.
They're still, uh, Potsky and Ron at University Avenue
by the US Consulate.
Steve asked the Jordan Marsh restaurant of the Gallery of Maldon,
for Lauderdale.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, oh.
Woo.
What, one of these people talking about?
I have no idea.
Did I say anything about a Jordan Marsh restaurant?
No.
I said that Bill Caltis' wife used to be the manager of the restaurant
at the Neiman Marcus in the Bala Harbour shops.
That's what I said.
And now we've got to the Jordan Marsh restaurant,
which I don't even remember Jordan Marsh having a restaurant.
Did they?
I don't know.
Oh,
Oishmoy, juice is Bala Harbour's the old location for Neiman Marcus,
Collins Avenue.
All the immigrants move to the area and put them out of business.
Neiman Marcus is out of business.
And that mall?
Yeah, I think they're all gone.
Sacks?
I haven't seen a sacks either.
Wow.
Really pretentious for people with a lot of money or people
who are pretending to have a lot of money.
Right.
I know Bloomingdale is still around out here.
Oh,
Cliff and Kendall says I've been milling over how I feel about flea.
Is flea prepared to go through the garage's ringer as he ready to have his
personal life become part of the show?
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
The only way that George's personal life became a part of the show is by his own choice.
Sure.
Talking about his mother and how much he hated her and his wife and how much, well, whatever.
And his kids, the kid, the dog, the wife.
Are you ready to have your personal life become part of the show and go through my ringer?
Sure.
Why not?
So far we know that flea is the size of a jockey.
Came from an abusive alcoholic home in Yahoo Tampa.
That was you volunteered that the other day on Friday.
He has Jewish roots but claims to know nothing about it.
True.
You know nothing about what being Jewish?
Right.
Sounds like the makings of a great radio star.
I think I'd like him so far.
I hear the beginnings of good chemistry between you two.
Flea is no George Rodriguez, no city, try to be.
No.
Don't get too comfortable.
Flea, watch your back.
Don't ask for whom the Joe Bell trolls.
Joe Bell may troll for you.
You may be the next body on the growing WQM trash pile.
One thumb up for Flea for now is his different Kindle.
He gave you one thumb up.
All right.
I have one one, tell you where but.
Right, go.
Yeah.
Better to have one thumb up in the air than one foot up your back.
Right, go.
And that's the way I look at it.
Boy, the emails are just pouring in today, pouring in.
Which is good.
That's the way I want it.
Just because we have the ability to take some calls here on a one line that's working.
I don't want to get pushed into that.
Oh, take some calls, Neil.
Now that George got fired, take some calls like we like one's got something to do with the other member.
That last week, then giving me a song.
Any excuse for all you chronics to try to get a sucker me into taking phone calls.
No way.
No way Jose.
So Thursday, we get the April rating.
Right.
That's the way I guess we're going to have to refer to it.
It's not a book.
It's not an arbitrage on it.
See April rating a month.
Yep.
Oh, my God.
Support the Center for Immigration Studies.
Get off my web so get off my email.
Go away.
Go away.
Don't go away.
May I just go away?
Hawaii, by the way, is kicking ass.
200 people want to go to Hawaii.
They've never been there before.
A hundred want to go to Alaska.
So they can meet up with Sarah Pellan.
If I went to Alaska, I'd want to meet Levi.
Hey, Levi.
You know Levi?
Yes.
I want to leave.
I want to leave.
Where is Levi's?
Alba.
I've heard the Alaskan crews is there.
Nice.
I'll pass.
Yeah, me too.
Who that wants to go all the way up there.
I once picked up a hitchhiker named Chuck Bryan.
Who lived in Alaska and some little island
that you can only get to by a boat?
No, thanks.
He was on his way home.
Chuck Bryan.
That's amazing.
How many years ago that is?
1976, 75.
Wow.
34 years ago.
And I remember his name.
Chuck Bryan.
Let's see.
Deer Neil, I spent all weekend catching up with the archives
and listening to the inevitable happen.
I'm sorry that George is gone.
Being selfish, I hope that wherever George ends up,
Eric can create a website like yours with his own archive shows.
Whenever he would stand in for you,
I found a show was good or even better than yours.
That was not a shot, by the way.
Anyway, good luck with your new knob, Jockey Benedict Flea.
My new knob, Jockey.
Thank you.
Did you know you were a knob, Jockey?
Or you learned something new every day?
Yeah.
Benedict Flea.
I'm jockeying it.
Chuck from Bocus is my car this weekend.
I have it a turn on my radio,
which was left on your radio station.
So I was backing up my car.
The host was asking the audience,
who do they think had the best beard in sports?
I was so disgusted I turned the radio off.
Who would that have been?
Wow.
When was it?
This weekend doesn't say when.
It's hard to say without knowing what time.
Yeah, what time, what day, what place, what stuff?
But that's bad.
Look at this.
The morning you may be thinking about is either
Bell Harbor or the Bocatown Center.
I think that has an even Marcus for the restaurant.
Chuck from Bocat.
Not Bocat.
I don't go to Bocat.
I don't do Bocat, okay?
I got nothing to do with Bocat.
And how could it be either
Bell Harbor shops or the Bocatown?
I just don't understand.
Well, when do you?
When do you?
When do you?
Bocat is from downtown Miami.
A lot.
Many.
50.
Long ways away.
Oh, but they got all those great restaurants at Bocat.
Good.
Have a good time there.
Hopefully they don't have a grandlux cafe there.
Yeah, you don't want to get started on that again
because I get so angry.
When I keep thinking about these
phonies who keep, oh, you're wrong.
They'll give it another chance.
Well, I gave it one last chance.
That was it.
No moss.
Yeah, my wife doesn't like it either.
Oh, horrible.
If you're into humongous,
gigantic portions of crap,
then it's for you.
Yeah, that's right.
And there's a lot of snores in Broward.
Let's face it, they figure if they get a big,
big meal, gigantic portions,
and you know, although it's still overpriced.
It's not cheap.
Have you tried season 52?
Never heard of it.
You'll like it.
It's at the Galleria Mall.
With the Gila Rila?
Mm-hmm.
It's good.
What was the steakhouse I had dinner at the Gila Rila that time?
What else that steakhouse?
Really good.
I don't know.
It's an on Morton's though.
Morton's is great.
Yeah.
Real Christmas sensational.
Morton's is fabulous.
Yeah, there's one by my house.
There's a real good one right here in Toronto.
Morton's steakhouse.
And they have those desserts,
you know, they have to order like a half hour ahead.
Mm-hmm.
What do you eat in desserts for a you old diabetic Jew?
What's wrong with you?
I don't know.
I got a sweet tooth.
1226 at 560 WDQ and the-
Oh, no.
You're the single meal Roger.
Well, here we go.
I'm soundforded.
It's four minutes later.
560 Q AM.
They're good.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Standby for news.
35-year-old Jay Charles Miller
has been struggling for years with a minimum wage
job.
The toothless factory worker from Muskegee will suffer no more.
The one-eyed man won the power ball,
lottery, to the tune of 200 million dollars.
I'll say it again.
200 million dollars.
His wife, Thelma,
wanted to do something nice to show her love.
She went to the store and purchased a pair of
crotchless
panties.
When she heard her husband come through the door,
she yelled, come in here, Jay, and get yourself some of this.
When Jay Charles opened the door and saw his wife,
spread eagle.
On the bed he shouted in horror.
I don't want any of that, he said.
Look, what it did here underwear.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
He's still dead too by the way, Paul Harvey.
Yeah.
Well, you got a little prop here from
Meridian Idaho.
Byron Pagan mustered the wonder dog.
Says the Mall-Bale Harbor, A1A and 125th Street,
that's correct.
Please do a great job at says.
Wow.
How do you like that?
No, wha- wha- wha- from them.
Oh, the restaurant in the Gailoria Capital Real,
I saw some says Glenn.
Oh, yeah, that is a good place.
Capital Real is very good.
Sam in Boston says today's poll and you're mentioning Hawaii
reminded me of my visit and visit there many moons ago.
You and Flee are correct that the Japanese brought up all the property in Hawaii.
They treat every place as if it's the Tokyo subway during rush hour.
Pushing and shoving for no reason,
and the airport at the shopping centers main walkway,
and the hotel lobby, etc., are always pushing and shoving.
How do you like that?
They better quit the pushing and shoving or we'll nuke them again.
Oh, and the USS Arizona Pearl Harbor Memorial,
the Japanese all seem to be in way too happy of a mood considering this is supposed
to be a memorial honoring many people who died tragically.
They don't.
Extra-wide smiles showing their bad buck teeth,
happily snapping pictures of everything.
I guess Sam ain't too crazy about the Japanese.
No.
I don't speak Japanese, he says, but I'm quite sure they were saying,
hey, look, this is the place where we've found the crap out of these round-eyed bastards.
In a Honolulu airport, everybody was speaking Japanese.
Even the employees, we had a question about our flight,
and after finally finding somebody who spoke English,
I complained that if I wanted to go to a city in the U.S.
where nobody spoke English, I'd just go back to Miami.
Still, I'd love to return to Hawaii some days as Sam in Boston.
First, you say, so would this be a private goodbye party for George?
No.
If not, you have to be there.
I've always wanted to meet you, but never got the chance.
This would not be a private party, would it?
Nope. Open to the public.
Open to the public.
Open to the listeners.
Yeah.
That's the way I would be there is dubious, because I can't, I have to take it day off.
Or maybe two.
The Faketown Zikkas says, seasons 52 is very good.
Love their crab and shrimp appetizer.
Their filet is very good, but not Ruth Chris.
Well, what?
Well, what is?
Oh, it all depends on which Ruth Chris you're talking about.
If you're talking about the one here in Toronto, it's sensational.
The one down there in Fort Lauderdale last time, I was there disappointing.
Really?
Yeah.
Shocking and disappointing.
Here's one that says, can you bring, or this is Tom Jikristow,
could you bring back cocktails with Bob and Steve?
What does that mean?
You have any idea what that means?
Because I sure don't.
No.
My favorite hang statement was asked the program director with Andrew Asson the Woods.
He's dead, by the way, Andrew Asson the Woods.
I could tell you a story about him, but just how to respect for the dead, I won't do it.
Shocking story.
Also, Chef Sparky says there is a sex and an even Marcus in Dateland.
I didn't know that.
It'd been there for quite a while.
Also, the sports grill is where Godfather's pizza used to be that you'd frequent when
and live in Kindle.
On sunset.
Yeah, that's it.
That was the original Godfather's pizza.
Where Javier, the young Javier, was the manager.
Oh, baby.
Hey Javier.
That's like 1970, I don't know, nine I want to say 1980.
Like almost 30 years ago.
Yeah, Godfather's is good.
Godfather's is not good.
It's great.
Not good.
It's great.
Too good for South Florida though, I guess.
And now you can go to the Hess gas station to get the airsatz Godfather's, you know.
Yeah.
They brought some pizza by the station back years ago when I was doing shows down there.
They brought some by.
It was pretty good.
Not like the original low.
The really, really good one was the taco pizza.
Oh my God, with the lettuce and the little round tomatoes on cherry tomatoes.
Yeah.
Of course, you can't eat in the air there except on the Thursday.
Okay.
And since you're such a big fan of those wings,
you got something ready to look forward to.
Yep.
Leo says I heard your comment and the fact you don't want to take phone calls on
there.
That's correct, Leo.
You heard right.
I understand your point of view in regard to taking calls.
I know there are some stupid people out there just want to hear their own voice on the radio
and speak up.
Senates that being said, I must admit that in the past, I enjoyed listening to the
callers who call into your show and comment on ridiculous things.
Please consider taking one phone call an hour.
Okay, I consider it and I decided against it.
No, please consider it.
If them considered, the answer is no, not for now.
Maybe when we get the phone system really working.
Now do they have any idea when that's going to happen?
Because Joe Rose was so e-boying at this morning about the new studios.
He was sucking up heavy duty.
What?
What happened to him?
I don't know.
This can't be the same Joe that I used to work with.
He used to be an ass-kicker man.
He used to take no crap.
Remember the time he wanted to beat the crap out of Greg Reed and Duff Lindsay?
I remember that.
He's a big boy.
He had Joe could do it.
Yeah.
Back then, now I'm not so sure.
Maybe not.
That sounds like he's wimping out.
When and that's his Wimba.
What did you call him this morning?
A real major league suckhole or something like that?
Yeah, something like that.
God, that was bad.
Can you believe how you're going to face him tomorrow?
Same way as today.
No.
From the rear, you're going to show him your ass.
Maybe.
Well, let's see.
Now what is Chef Sparky says?
The sports were open in the mid-80s right after Godfather's became an institution.
The wings are awesome.
It was one of the first sports bars to really make
Monday Night Football an event.
Miss George and F.U. Joe Bell and the Quizzling Clarence.
F. Joe Bell and that Quizzling Clarence,
this is Chef Sparky.
I do like that.
All right.
You want to leave Clarence out of the mix?
Faghtown Jekyll who's just out of control today.
Just crazy person.
How could I forget Margaret from that?
And by the way, Mr. Radio emailed again and I blocked him again.
Go away, lunatic, lifeless loser.
Go away.
Tommy says, how could I forget Margaret from Val Harbor died after trying to jump her car across
an open drawbridge on the way to Harvey Wehrman's funeral?
Sure.
Whatever you say, little fake Tommy.
Jackie says, okay, now management is pushing their luck.
First, they take away everything they could from you and George.
Then, Dr. George, crazy worrying about his job and then firing him.
Now, missing with the webcast, get this management.
I listen on the web to hear the near Roger show.
Not a damn baseball game.
Damn it, says Jackie.
A lot of people listen online.
Every day between our website and the QM website,
there's over 1,000 people listening every day online.
Yeah.
Every day.
Not Wednesday, though.
And John says, streaming the Hurricanes Game Wednesday makes no sense from the standpoint
that many or most of the people who listen online live outside the South Florida area
have little or no interest in the Hurricanes game.
But what I'd like to listen to your show is they cannot listen via the radio.
Damn it, says John.
A lot of people saying, damn it.
Well, I guess contractually we have to carry that the game, right?
Right.
Somewhere.
Yep.
So just kissed the ground that we're not carrying it on the air.
Damn it.
Yeah.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Cut it out.
Damn it.
What times the Georgian sud show coming on?
Two o'clock.
Damn it.
Now, two o'clock we got the big.
Oh.
And were they telling me he's rock solid between the ears anyway?
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
On some sort is told you.
We'll be with you later.
560 Q AM.
Oh.
You know it.
D-A-I-S-U-Z-K-S-R.
I know that for many Americans watching right now, the state of our economy
is a concern that rises above all of us.
While our economy may be weakened, and our confidence shaken.
But we are living through difficult and uncertain times.
Tonight, I want every American to know this.
We will rebuild.
We will recover.
And the United States of America will emerge from the world.
Now, I will know that it's wonderful world.
From the next God unto the sea.
The weight of this crisis will not determine the destiny of this nation.
The answers to our problems don't lie beyond our reach.
They exist in our laboratories, in our universities,
in our fields and our factors.
In the imaginations of our entrepreneurs,
and the pride of the hardest working people on earth.
Those qualities that have made America the greatest force of progress and prosperity in human history,
we still possess an ample measure.
What is required now is for this country to pull together, confront boldly the challenges we face,
and take responsibility for our future once more.
I just want to try to know,
cry out,
that the world is ready for war.
I can't come to this God unto the sea.
If we come together and lift this nation from the depths of this crisis,
if we put our people back to work and restart the engine of our prosperity,
if we confront with our fears,
challenges of our time and summon that enduring spirit of an America that does not quit,
then someday years from now, our children can tell their children
that this was the time when we performed.
Thank you. God bless you.
And may God bless the United States of America.
1257 and 560 WDQM.
So anyway, I've got a couple responses about the movie Doubt,
and the people have seen it, liked it.
Okay.
But I don't know what they made of it.
In other words, you know, that's the thing with the movie is,
after you watch it, you wonder,
I don't know.
Yeah.
What was the real story there that he really molested a little kid
or did he just make up the whole thing?
Or what was the real story there, the real deal?
Leaves a lot of doubt out.
And of course, it's a movie.
So what turns into making what conclusion you come to
and because you can come to any conclusion you want.
Right?
Yep.
Blackie says, maybe you can do a live remote from Georgia's farewell party.
This way you cannot miss work.
Who knows? Maybe WDQM will pay for your flight.
Oh yeah.
Right.
Blackie, you are, what time is your show on, Blackie?
Real comedian.
Mike Johnson says the baseball game on the internet is Bulshmitt.
He says, this is a slap in the face by WDQM.
If is there a need to put this meaningless game on the internet?
There are no ratings associated with the internet streaming.
So I guess WDQM management is showing their ass by putting this game on
and slapping the near-roger's listeners in the face.
Given the additional stream or putting an amp-ball game on another station,
this has me pissed off just a few days after the George situation, the canes blow.
By the way, when are the Canning Joe's a Gaki?
That should be a cost savings.
Yeah, they lose money on that hurricane stuff.
Even the football, I'm sure.
Well, that's why they can't put it on another station because you know what?
It costs money.
Cost money to, well, why don't they put it on that 1470 on that Phantom Station?
They own it.
They do?
Yeah.
They own it.
That's a good question then.
Why don't they put it on KISS?
Can't hurt.
Why don't they kiss it?
Like Bubba would say, just kiss it.
I don't care what they do.
They do whatever they want to do anyway.
At least they're not putting it on AM.
Although, you know, if they did put it on AM, then we get the they off.
Like I said, love that Canes baseball, man.
David says it is so sad.
A family broken up.
You guys had the second longest partnership next to Howard and Robin.
Maybe George can join the Bubba Army and tamp on XM.
I don't wish tamp on George.
He would be great for XM.
Well, miss him.
Maybe George can start a radio show down here.
The suds and George show.
But loads it says you are the best.
And then it says.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
That.
Rick Johnson says here's some listener feedback.
It's a copy of a literary sentence, a Joe Bell, an email.
OK.
Long.
I have time.
You got some time?
Yeah.
If you got the time, I got the line.
Dear Mr. Bell, I know you don't know who I am and probably don't care
since I'm a listener of the near Roger show,
which you seem to be killing off slowly but surely.
I've been listening since the early 90s and have come to expect
George's production work is a benchmark for the show itself.
The fact that you fired George speaks volumes is
how much you value the talent you have at your station.
Your style of management is what we like to refer to as
archaic and part of the old guard.
This is chopped off on the right.
You like many others.
Can I look beyond the current court to realize that there are
long-term consequences for your hastily made actions.
So you saved somebody this quarter.
How noble of you.
You um.
Your kind is so quick to cut staff in an effort to increase bonuses.
And then think it's okay to bring in a slew of unpaid interns to make up for the difference.
Are you an unpaid intern?
No, it's the unpaid part.
Yeah.
This just goes to show that like most typical managers,
you're not a team player and at least not in the sense there's a team amongst the staff in WQA.
The team you play for is the one that can't pass the bottom line.
Can't get past the bottom line.
Unable to truly evaluate the worth of people I work for you.
Valueate.
I'm quite sure that between useless station promotions and quarterly bonuses that you and
your cronies receive, you could have kept George on the payroll as an invaluable component
of the near Roger show.
In case you'd like to counter this by questioning my credentials,
I've been in management for over 12 years.
Have an MBA from a real university in case you were wondering.
I have never let someone go for anything less than performance concerns and have always found
other ways to cut expenses instead of arbitrarily reducing staff.
I hope you feel good about cutting about yourself about cutting a member of the team that
brought value to the near Roger show.
All in effort to save a few dollars.
Thankfully, the concept of management that you embrace is evolving away from the style that's
been in charge for so long, a style that you have embraced and has contributed to the economic
concerns we're experiencing today.
Your station does not deserve George or the near Roger show and your loyalty is perversely skewed.
Thank you for your time.
I don't require a response.
One of that perhaps you take some of what I have to say to heart.
Next time you decide to frivolously let someone go.
Sincerely, Rick.
For Mr. Bell.
Remember Archie Bell on the Dress?
Oh yeah.
Do the Titan Up?
Love that song.
Did you?
You'd play it if you had George's library there soon if you had that computer.
So what's the deal when we go in the other studio tomorrow or Wednesday or whatever it's going to happen?
Should be Wednesday maybe.
You're going to have what are you going to have in there?
You're going to have the computer that you can play the music on for?
I should have everything in.
All the stuff.
Well, maybe a microphone actually that works in theory.
Yes.
I just don't get it.
I don't understand it.
Because when I asked you last week it seemed like everything was copacetic.
We were all set to rock and roll today.
And I come in this morning and the first thing I get that email from you,
oh gee, the studio is not done yet.
And I'm, and not only that, but you have no air conditioning and that little cubby hole they've got you in.
No.
It sounds like a lawsuit to me.
Yeah.
Sounds like a lawsuit to me.
Stuart Allert, Alan Greenstein.
Greenstein is dead.
Ellie Brecker, she's, she has been reduced to writing the orbits of the hero poor Ellie.
Non-coachers, shorties owner dead.
As a kid, Stuart, Alan Greenstein fell in love with the barbecued pork ribs,
a little joint called shorties on US one and Kindle.
That's why they built the metro rail so people can get to shorties fast.
He bought the place in 1980 from founder, shortie, Alan,
and with three partners, expanded to a four restaurant chain.
Greenstein, real estate developer as well as a restaurant,
tour died Thursday of pancreate, pancreate of cancer, he was 68.
Ooh.
He did not grow up in a kosher home, joke to his daughter,
hope wolf of Bedford, New York.
It's hard to think of one person, he's met her comes across that hasn't,
he hasn't helped in some way, wolf said,
there were dozens of loans he co-signed on, jobs he invented for an unemployed person he knew.
For a 65th birthday, he bicycle through Tuscany,
but he also imported imparted sensible advice.
One line I'll never forget said Larry Greenstein of Hollywood,
why are you taking a nap, you have the rest of your life to sleep.
He lived every day like it was a big party, his daughter said,
he opened that great bottle of wine, he wore those good clothes.
As a teen, he was the official heart's rabuff,
Holbinum, Habonum, a Jewish girls club, a coin to his first wife and the mother of his children,
the former Marsha Nuremberg, the heart's rabuff Habonum.
His father knew nothing about the restaurant business when he bought shorties with partners Paul
Scorrick, Rick Wallace, and Clifford McBroom, Larry Greenstein said, but he knew a good business
opportunity when he saw it, he loved the food.
Maybe he was psychic, maybe he knew they'd build a metro rail right to his doorstep for a billion dollars.
At the funeral, they're having a huge party at the Dural location of shorties,
we'll say he won everybody eating dirty, messy barbecue.
I'm not big on barbecue, barbecue, to me, I could be wrong, but I think barbecue is mostly for
goyam. Yeah. Am I right? Very. Even you know that, even in Aresot's Jew like you know that,
barbecue is for goyam. Yep. Not that there are some Jews who like it, I'm sure, but it's just
never been my cup of tea. How many votes we got on the poll? 728. If you were offering all
expense paid vacation to some US spot you've never been to before, you'd want to visit Hawaii 209,
Alaska 104. I don't get the Alaska thing. No. Well, what's the attraction besides what's his name?
Levi Levi. Maybe we are Levi. Hey Levi boy, he's a hot lot. Good luck in the young man.
He ain't no, what's his name from the Black Hawks? Patrick Kane, but then again, who is?
Alaska 105 Grand Canyon 78, your 70 55, Las Vegas 40, San Francisco 31,
Nations Capital Washington DC 26, Virgin Islands 23, New York 21, and after that,
small potatoes. How could there be anybody who's never been to New York? I don't know.
That was up 183 points. What a great Monday. Who'd be even greater if the equipment was working.
Now you now you've got the fact stuff now, you know which one works right? Yeah. So tomorrow we
won't have to repeat this morning's near disaster. I'm sitting here at 940 thinking to myself,
I got no copy for the a new spot I got. I got no log, no schedule. It's like doing a show like
Stark naked. Oh no, you're listening to Neil Rogers. Well here we go again.
I'm on some sort of sport. No complaints. 560 Q AM. Oh no. I got caught in the other room when
they're looking for a toothpick. Hello, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hour.
We're down in Jamaica in the catapene. Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table. They tell you this country where the gun's a beautiful.
Ask the man. Ask some. He want to sell and from my mile away you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. He like a display fan.
Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke.
The gun's a few good. You can carry lots of herb in the gun.
He's a sack. Smoke it every day until you're long-stung like with all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid. American tourists home here and say,
got nothing like this in the USA. They smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke.
They light up display fan talk. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke.
They're gun to be good.
Mama's help us on you are a rostum man. You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around to bite the herb for you by the ounce and the pound.
Rostum man say to her mama you're right. They gun to be good tonight and then they smoke.
Here smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. They light up display fan talk.
Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke.
They gun to be good.
All I. 103 at 560 W2QM. Happy Monday to you. And please in the new building not in our studio
because it isn't ready yet. He's in a broom closet with no air conditioning.
Now you're filing a formal protest on this? Well, exactly.
On the usual punishment. It's actually getting cooler in here now. So maybe the AC is working.
Was there a event? Yes. And let me see something's blowing out of it. Yeah. Put your hand or your
head to stick your thing in there and see if there's any air circulating. When I be something
if we got some AC in the little room. Oh, yeah. No. That would be quite an accomplishment.
Because you know what? Joe Rose said this morning, no complaints. Great studios man the best.
No, they're coming out. There's nothing nowhere. No. The AC is on in my place here. That's nice.
I'm going to need this week too. It's going to be in the 70s. 70s folks. Oh, yeah. 73 75. 77.
The real Phil says in my earlier email, I mentioned having Georgia on the show only because I
thought it would piss off QA management. Not because I thought it would make for good radio.
Well, what does that mean? What kind of a shot is that? And then interestingly enough, it didn't
piss them off. Joe Bell sent me the email saying, Oh, feel free to have Georgia on his offender
whenever you want. We're just not going to pay him. That's all. Yeah. And we're not going to pay
you either. So don't be don't be getting too cocky about it. Phil says, by the way, Phil Henry was
a guest voice on King of the Hill last night. Are you sure along with Tom Petty? He did the voice
of a Canadian. I had no idea it was him until I saw his name in the credits. Well, good luck to
you Phil. The fake Phil and the real Phil and the make believe Phil. Are you sure?
Henry everybody air all the fills. And Paul Harvey Jr., which he never did. Remember I told you
last week he said, call me and he gave me a phone number, which I'm not going to call. And he
should know that. Right. And then I said, well, if you got something you want to talk about
or tell me, send me an email. He never did. Yeah.
I just don't understand people sometime. In fact, with these emails, I really I thought I had
a little bit after all these years talking to people and cetera and doing all these shows.
I thought I had a little insight as to the human mind and human nature. I don't.
All middle school shooting in Louisiana, La Rose, Louisiana.
It's been a very beautiful, people condition, important to lose power share, create
wherever here. No one else was hurt as far as a motive to share.
That's the industry not have a motive to shadow as to why the student that did this.
The principle would not say crazy people and kids with guns, boy, that's the American FN way.
Crazy people and kids with lots of guns. You get pissed off like that. Bits a shoot somebody.
Got a couple of dead people. I usually do the old bits in the beginning.
But I did not. That's your fault. Sorry.
Frank Alleter, a letter. I don't know how you say his name.
A-L-E-T-T-E-R. How would you say that? Alleter? Sure.
I don't know. I've heard of him, but I know it's got a picture of him here.
Veteran character director who started the 1960s, situation comedies bringing up buddy and it's
about time died Wednesday. Last Wednesday at this home in Tarzanah, California. He was 83.
That's old enough. Yeah. Unless you're 82.
The cause was cancer. His daughter told the LA Times. Mr. Alleter acted on stage and in films,
he was best known for his TV roles and bringing up buddy, 6061. He played buddy, flower,
an investment counselor living with his spister ants.
And I'm not going to say aunt. Do you say aunt? No.
No, but nobody other than pseudo intellectual posers. Nobody says aunt.
Oh, how's your aunt doing?
In its about time, 60, 60, 70, played in astronaut travels back to the Stone Age.
He had regular roles on the Carol Williams show as the stars husband and in Nancy.
He appeared as a guest star more than a hundred series including
Perry Mason, the Lucy show, Lucy, Mags, Kojak, all in the family, fantasy island,
murder she wrote and Dallas. And frequently we run episode of the Twilight Zone from 63.
He played a kernel in the story about an astronaut who returns to Earth and a parallel universe.
He also appeared in the 55 film version of Mr. Roberts with Henry Fonda and James Jimmy Kegney.
He survived by his wife at 25. I never heard of it. I did hear of him. Frank Alleter.
I see the picture. I don't recognize him. No. If you saw the picture, you definitely wouldn't recognize him.
He was on mash though. That was a good show. No, it was not. You liked mash?
I liked mash. Yeah. I deleted it. The early mash.
I didn't like the I didn't even like the mishmash. I didn't like it.
You don't like anything, the whatever people like you hate it.
Robert Chaud is dead at 84 consumer advocate pushed for healthier cereals.
I guess maybe he didn't work that well for him. Although 84 is not bad, wouldn't you?
You and my 1134 I'll take it. His rankings of the breakfast foods which found that most were
just empty calories launched a national debate and changed the industry. He was also devoted to
social justice issues. Robert B. Chaud, an engineered turn consumer advocates campaign against
sugary brefusures led manufacturers to bolster nutritional value of their products.
Died May 30 to return to community in lemon grove in San Diego County was 84.
The cause was complications, complications which I think I'm getting them of dementia.
I'm getting it. I think they're the pressures. I think that's what they're trying to do to me.
Your buddy Joe Bell. Break me mentally. Dementia.
You know, and then you can always say, oh, I told that was worried about Neil South. I know he was
a break in. In 1970, children who'd been involved in campaigns against poverty and hunger made the
headlines when he testified on nutrition information for consumers at a Senate subcommittee hearing in
Washington. Using data provided by manufacturers, he ranked sugar smacks, fruit loops, and lucky
charms, and 57 other popular cereals by their nutritive value and found that at least 40 offered such
poor nourishment, they were essentially empty calories from a cereal called fruit loops. That's
crazy. You never heard of fruit loops. Yeah, I have you're out of the loop, Mr. It's all that.
You never heard of fruit loops. Yeah, of course I have. Yeah. It's wrong with you. Lucky charms.
Don't we have that bit called I'm playing a lot of old stuff today. You know what I said? Yeah.
All this week I'm doing that because because you're in the new building new building old stuff.
Swine flu claims a new victim. Oh, oh, swine flu outbreak.
Oh, there's one more. You know, now that it's spreading a little bit, they don't want to overdo it.
They don't want to overact like they did in the beginning because they got a lot of they took a
lot of crap and rightfully so the media right for getting everybody panic. Oh, you're all going to
be dead by the end of the month. Oh, it's the swine flu. Don't be looking at parking.
Oh, the cereal industry attacked his findings as misguided and erroneous, but within a year,
the nutritional content of the majority of the products on his widely publicized list had been
boosted to respectable levels. Like Cheerios now that make you live the 200 if you eat Cheerios I think. Yeah.
They reduce your cholesterol and give you good bowel movements. That's the word. I don't like Cheerios. No,
mean either crappy cereal. If you're going to eat I don't eat cereal.
But if you're going to eat cereal frosted flakes, you know what you would like then you would like
smart start. It's like it never never heard of it. It's like an adult frosted flakes. It's good.
Really? Yeah. Never heard of it. Smart start. Yeah, it's really good.
Fart start. Yep. That too. 40 years ago, Chote was one of only a handful of activists focused on
hunger and nutrition issues and his crusade against unhealthy cereals led millions of people to change
their eating habits according to Ralph Nader, the anxious and the repetitive presidential candidate
who just doesn't get the message. By the way, Ralph Nader made a big difference in his last
last election. It didn't need not finally because it was a glanslide, landslide public said we've had
enough of this crap. Although I think they're bringing some of the old crap back. It looks like to me.
I hope I'm wrong, but doesn't it seem like they're bringing some of the old crap back yet?
But nevertheless, now's down there up 177. 177, the designer of the prisoner of war flag died
end of barbed wire and a watchtower in the background with the words P-O-W-M-I-A. You are not forgotten.
Newt Heisley drew his black and white flag in 1971. It quickly became a symbol of the nation's heartache
for those missing inaction from the Vietnam War. And now he's dead.
I think in any more response on that movie doubt?
Oh, and Barry Jack has sends me the same thing again that they already sent me once before. Why don't you
give out fake Barry about the new rating service? I'm going to read it on the air, but I'm not going to
read the name of the rating because we've been told we can't. I don't understand that. Do you
understand it? You're close to the inner circle of lunatics there. I think that they feel if people
talk about it on the air, it may influence the results. Well, then we talk about arbitrage
on the diaries for years and years. Yeah, and I don't think you're supposed to do that either.
Well, sure we are. War. Why not? I don't know. And they're getting like lawsuits against them and
stuff arbitrage in some trouble right now. I was in trouble. Yeah. I'm going to do the break first
and I'll read this very carefully and I'll just put a way that word is, you know. So you'll know,
you'll know nobody else will know. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again.
I'm so sorry to spoil you later. 560 Q AM. Beware of exploding balls.
Welcome back to Kenny and Bo. The other is joining us again today.
I can't believe Virginia Tech canceled football training. That's not right.
I'll tell you what's not right. After 9-11 all sports was canceled for almost a week. I was in
control. Hey, you were doing a show the morning and 9-11, right? Yeah. Well, how'd you handle that?
I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami Hoi Recai. Oh, no, I don't know,
Gellie. Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit.
That's why you're not going to last as long as I have.
Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked, man. That wasn't a good
situation. So let me get this right. There's nothing more important in life than sports, right?
I don't care if my house was pointing down with my family trapped inside. Nothing will lift my head
from the sports page. You want jobs at Karrie? K-A-M? It's sports, sports, sports. If you want to work here, sports.
Gellie, come here. I want to show you something.
118 at 560 WQM, but I haven't played that in a long time.
Nope. Why not? I don't know. It's cute. You were a big fan of the Kenyane Blow morning show.
Oh, God. I think you were one of the worst haters of that show. It was terrible. Was it really?
It was bad. Well, for that's the case, it was so bad how come we got blow camp around here at 7
a night with his 0.5 share. And speaking of that, here's an email from the fake Wayne Heizinger.
It says, I have a message for WQM management. If they want to learn how to mail a check,
listen to the Nina Roger show. You mail it in every day. And that says,
Only three of them. You mail it in every day. Now, you use Canadian stamps. You forgot about that,
Baldi. Are we mailing it in? No. And you'll be thrilled to know. Maybe you won't. I am that the bonus check
not only is arrived, but it's in the bank. Oh, yeah, it's not that much. Send it to George right away.
WB Walt says Cheerio's kick ass slice up some bananas and strawberries on top some stick some
silk non-dairy soy milk in the bowl. Mmm good. He says. Mmm. Yeah. I'll take your word for it. I
don't like Cheerios. No, I mean either. I don't eat cereal. I mean, I eat a whole bunch of carbs. I
eat ice cream and candy and crap that I definitely should I should be dead for me to get in some day. I
will be anyway getting back to very jackass because I know you're bruffly hanging on the edge waiting for
this. What a sure are a lot of emails. Man, going back all the way. I haven't got back to
stuff from Friday. Very jackass says FCC formerly launches inquiry into the new rating service.
And as notice of inquiry, we see comment and issues relating to the commercial use of a radio
audience in measurement device developed by arbitrarian known as a portable. Can I read it? No,
a portable meter or broadcasters media organizations and others have raised concerns about the
use of the and its potential impact on audience ratings and stations that they're programming
targeted to minority audiences and consequently on the financial viability of those stations.
Yeah, the minority stations in this market really need some additional help. Not my god.
They claim that the current methodology under Council misrepresents the number and loyalty
of minority radio listeners. Well, that could be really good for us. Right. They assert that because
audience ratings affect advertising revenues under counting minority audiences could negatively affect
the ability of these stations to compete for advertising revenues and to continue to offer local
service to minority audiences. They express concern that such undercounting could particularly
affect the ratings of local urban formatted radio stations that broadcast programming of interest
to African American and Hispanic audiences. Oh, yeah, they're so under underrated in this market
for years. Not this NOI investigates the impact of methodology on the broadcast industry as well as
whether the audience ratings data is sufficiently accurate and reliable to merit the commission's own
reliance on its rules, policies and procedures. Do you understand that? Not really. Double talks,
sound like double talk to me, but a beep by the boot, but about. Well, we'll see. We'll see Thursday
morning. Boy, there's going to be a lot of heavy duty pressure. And how's that going to work now
with the fax machine? Is the fax machine like way down the hall or something? Yeah, down the hall
and downstairs. Oh, so how's that going to work with you faxing me the numbers? That's going to be
a mission. Oh, boy, we're going to get clearance to do it. Yeah, clearance hill to it. Boss
them around a little bit. Pick them in the ass. So how's the married life for clearances? Are you
looking better these days or what? I mean, happy? He looks about the same. Oh, that's not good. Well,
Rick and Wes Palms says a word about George. It was overdue and the station is making a good move.
Hostel. Just another bird getting his wings clipped. Another non-ended complete with
fave hoist who thinks he's a talent. Like the bird, he should just thank his stars. He was overpaid
for years to rub shoulders with an icon and run his hole about. She made nobody accept him in a
few misfits care about. Well, this is caustic. Like the bird, he's unaware that they could put a
broomstick on here and your time slot and get ratings. Hey, don't don't suggest it. They'll do
it. Right. It's cheaper. Well, maybe not. When he lands on his feet, bragging groceries at
Windixi, he needs to realize and accept that and not be thankful. And what is it? And be thankful
not bitter. You'll disagree. And I'm sure he's a great guy, but he's not a radio talent. There are
many people like myself who've listened for 20 years who've never called or written who feel likewise.
If you're... If you're something is the radio, that's just the way it is. I can't read it.
It's chopped off. I'm writing this a long time fan of yours. My mom used to listen to you from
way back when when you came out at 8pm in the late 70s from the Holy Joe's to the Hellendale days
to being taken off the air and returning to KWNWS's ads, desated to the present. I noticed you left
days a friend moved away in the early 80s at his request. I would tape shows from time to time
and mail them so we could get his fill. If you're anyone wants them, we'd be happy to send them
to the station. There are some classics, especially when you and the burden jica were leading up to
Alan Burke filling in for the 2pm host. When the hell was that? After the field that you had with
him for hours before his arrival, it's a wonder he showed up. I don't remember Alan Burke filling
in for anybody and I would do your any station I worked on, but nevertheless, on behalf of my family
and friends, I want to thank you for so many laughs over the years you've given us. It's a shame
you weren't national on your go. I remember your great commentary from everything from religion to
Mime riots, presidential elections and everything in between. Nobody can combine thought provoking
discussion with comic genius like you, Neil. Thanks again and best of luck in the future, Rick and
West Palm Beach. Kissy, kissy, wow. What a suck up that is, huh? Yeah. Rift storage and ass and then
kisses my ass big time. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. Oh, you sent me this this morning. I never got to
start using some of these things that you sent me. You're going to stop sending them. Now I'll keep
sending them. A woman named Allison McDaniel filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against Justin
Tinkerbell and three of his business partners today. The highlight of the suit being her claim that
during her time as manager in Timberlake's New York City restaurant, she was locked in a room with
two male managers as they watched Pornow and laughed at her when she started to cry.
McDaniel claims Tinkerbell business partners, Aitens Sugarman and Ronnie Camplin. I wonder if he's
located David Sugarman. Our guilty of violent discriminatory conduct. McDaniel 29 said her job as
the M became an ex-rated nightmare in which he was spit on, pelted with explosives and subjected to
porn. Wow. In at least one instance, defended Sugarman and Camplin viewed pornography while in
the locked room with McDaniel and made fun of her when she began crying. The suit filed a man had
in Supreme Court claims. McDaniel who worked at the second Avenue restaurant for a year was fired
after she wrote a memo complaining of the harassment of the suit claims. Her claims are almost
hard to believe because the scenario which he describes with the porn is so outlandishly
unthinkably illegal. Her lawyer probably saw nothing but a talking bag of money sitting across
the desk when Allison explained all of this. A talking bag of money. That's what when we have that
party for George that going away party. Everybody bring a talking bag of money or even a sign
of the money. I don't want his good.
Quiet, badger. Well, here we go.
On top of the toilet floor, 560 Q-A-M.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I hate you, Daddy. Daddy, you suck.
Eat my shorts, Daddy.
Idiot.
There's two things I know for you. Daddy, you're a loser.
She was sent here from heaven and she's daddy's little girl.
I let bad movies in my pants.
I think mommy cheats on you.
Well, but if I can sense at your bedtime prayer,
I stick a little white glass all in burnin'.
Hi, this is a male man on the wheelchair.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
A little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I have to turn tricks or cash.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, I'll buy a dose for the bride and groom.
Dad, I'm getting married again.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have syphilis.
Hey, Pop, we're movin' in.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I have news.
I'm a lesbian.
Oh my god.
132 at 560 WQM.
Well, that's just in time for Father's Day.
What was that come up this Sunday or next week?
You don't know because you're not no father.
It's in June, isn't it?
Get out of here.
Is it Father's Day?
Yeah, I think it's in June.
Oh, well, let me, let me Google it.
Memorial days on Monday.
Yeah.
And Father's Day, I believe, is in June.
Like the 15th, 14th around there?
Okay, I'm Googling it.
Father's Day, 2009.
June 21st, boy, it's a month away, a month and three days.
Told you.
Anyway, Father's Day, I got to play that every year.
Butterfly kisses.
Usually, a lot of requests for that back in the day
when we had an audience.
We'll see this Thursday morning when that new
beep beep beep thing comes out
when we got an audience or not.
Now, let me ask again, is this going to look the same
as the ones before as the other ratings?
Well, the information delivered is the same,
so I'd imagine it looks the same, but I'm just guessing.
In other words, you know what I know, right?
And a few new Susie, like I knew Susie.
Tony says typical of a company that wants to keep people
down that are smarter than the bosses.
From listening to George do the shows when you were on vacation,
he came across as a very intelligent person.
He must have been a threat to management's ego and jobs.
His ability to discuss the Bible from his experience
on the inside of the church were inviable to show the flaws of religion.
The best way to keep your position in life is by keeping
smart people under your thumb.
Some societies do that by depriving people of an education.
Look at how all those male, dominant countries
have denied education to their women.
Keep them in the dark and feed them a Schmidt.
Kind of like flea is today in the dark and OAC.
Yeah, in a broom closet.
As with the lone ranger, he needs a sidekick, and that was George.
George was a great sidekick and will be sorely missed.
I wish George the best in life and know that he'll land on his feet as he was in talent.
Please continue as the lone ranger in this market that tells the truth
and backs it up with facts.
The lone ranger.
Yeah, but when was the last time you heard a lone ranger reference?
Oh, long time ago.
Last time Tato stopped by for a Wampum.
What next?
Have a loyal listener will continue to listen every day until the lone ranger rides into the sunset.
Well, he's long ranger intensive this Tony.
Don't let the Graver Arbor's drive you out of the business.
Thanks for all the joy you bring into people's lives on a daily basis,
and closing Joe Bell sucks with several exclamation points says Tony.
Wow.
Diego Decale sends me a copy of a letter he sent to Mr. Bell.
He says it doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand
if any of a superb radio host has to offer an attracting and maintaining listeners.
It takes more than a good voice or talking about the same material everybody else is broadcasting.
It takes humor, spontaneity, cleverness, continuous innovation, having a sixth sense.
Neil is a king and all is right by the way.
Amazingly so George made it better.
He laid quietly in the background, but everything was under full control.
He jolted the monologue with his sharp comments and wise contributions.
Both he and Neil made a great team one that always promised the best there is to offer.
As a manager, anyone can take the scalpel that I set figures and faces to work the numbers,
but where you're mistaken and being a fool, there are places you can cut
and others that make you inadequate for your job.
Sincerely Diego Decale.
Kind of a name is that.
Diego Decale.
Besides fake.
Mike says, Neil, I sent the following email to Joe Bell.
I'm serious.
I'm gone.
The only thing I don't understand is why you keep normal.
Mike is gone.
I've listened to Neil for almost 30 years from a lot of different stations.
You took away the funny bits, the farts, etc. the sounds like they play in kids cartoons,
the food, and now George, I will not listen to your station again.
I will miss Neil, but it's not really the Neil Rogers show anymore anyhow.
Please put up a billboard on I-95 if you ever come to your senses or decide to make money again.
Otherwise, I will never know goodbye so long Neil, Mike.
Mike Fagan.
Bye Mike.
Just like what's your name last week?
What was your name?
Tracy.
Yeah, Tracy.
Tracy apologized today.
She said, oh, I'm sorry.
I was like, you know, and maybe Mike the same thing all the way down and I think Mike is gone.
The fake Philan poppin of says just listening will be clear to the show.
I can't discern any difference between flee on your show or George.
The difference, I suppose, will be what he does in your absence.
I tend to agree with a guy who characterized this as a vendetta against you, Neil,
like waking up in your bed and finding George's severed head beneath the covers.
Oh.
Gross.
Yeah.
By the way, what's the proper spelling of that South Florida sound of disapproval?
BAM!
I think he spells it B-E-H-H.
BAM!
Well, it is what it is.
Sorry about this turn of events if you're listening, George.
Love you guys and best of luck to flee.
Says the fake Philan poppin of.
That was up 176 points.
Wow.
You got any money in the stock market?
I bought some city bank at a buck 40.
And what is it now?
It's like three something.
Three cents?
Oh, three dollars?
It's a great selling opportunity, I think.
Wait until Maria B chimes and we haven't heard from her yet today.
Maybe Maria will give you a heads up and heads down.
New York City has its first wine flu death.
That when you have something like lung disease or diabetes,
your immune system can't handle flu the way a healthy person can.
So is it typical of a flu to get that sick that quickly?
You know what?
Sometimes it is typical of a flu to get that sick that quickly.
I was just talking to a flu expert a little while ago.
And he said, if someone has an underlying condition, they...
I was just thinking to myself, she is so Jewish and her name is Elizabeth Cohen.
She's the senior medical correspondent for CNN.
I guess I was right, huh?
Yep.
She is so New York Jewish, Elizabeth Cohen.
Oh!
That's what I was thinking.
Neil, how are you feeling today?
You sound a little under the weather.
This was on Friday.
You should think about phoning it in next week.
Nice time for a dry run before the summer.
Watch some scramble.
Let's see how high the fleet can jump.
Probably would end up right on Joe Bell's fat ass it says.
Do you understand?
I had one in my mouth once.
The 65 Pontiac GTO hit the swing.
1965, the year of the Quick Wide Trotters,
a little GTO in every new GT37.
And you don't have to be over 30 to afford it.
That's pure Pontiac.
Pontiac GTO for 1967.
In the time you decided to ride the Wide Trotting Street.
Wanna see something really exciting?
The arrow GTO hit the target seats, full carpeting,
and even a real walnut dash.
No price one.
One of the Wide Trottings from Pontiac.
To 1977, the Pontiac Trans that
is destined to become America's number one sports car.
From a road machine that really flies, get a firebird,
a Pontiac Firebird, the magnificent fire from Wide Trotting Country.
Flying out of your Pontiac dealers in mass plumage.
Check out a Firebird today.
You'll find one to fit your personality and your pocket.
Everything of 165 horsepower overhead can firebird on machine.
So the fabulous 325 horsepower Firebird 400.
In the 1971 Le Mans T37, when Pontiac builds a low priced hardtop,
it doesn't look low priced.
And the luxurious Firebird is free.
They're all pure Pontiac and all of your Pontiac dealers today.
No Moss.
No Moss.
No more Packard, no more Studebaker, no more Henry J.
Henry J was the neat little car.
Do you ever see one of those?
Oh yeah.
Had the tail fins like a little like a little Cadillac.
No Moss.
$7.89 and the pull we're going to go over $800 during the show today.
Is that nifty or what?
That's nice.
If I were offered an all expense paid vacation to some US spot,
I've never visited before I'd want to visit blank Hawaii 229 Alaska 117.
I still don't get that.
Grand Canyon 83, your 7059 Vegas 45.
Where's New York on here?
26 26.
26 people out there who have never been to New York want to go there badly.
I can't believe there's 26 people who have never been to New York.
How could you how could you live beyond the age of like 10 and up be in New York at some point?
You've been in New York many times.
Me too.
Nothing like that New York pizza man.
Oh that's good stuff.
I'm 34th Street.
Oh brother.
Nothing like it.
Allen, an Alexandria Virginia says this is a shot at George.
Not too many of those thank goodness and rightfully so.
Been listening since January 1960 1998 after my notice East Great
and in Lauderdale Lakes fell and broke her hip and she had no other family to assist and I had to go there.
I listen to work almost every day.
Not Wednesday you won't Allen.
I don't miss George at all.
I found him unentertaining the point of any radio TV show us to entertain and George didn't do it for me.
In terms of his other duties as a producer I have no clues to how he handled that aspect of the job.
My reasoning derived from his duties as sidekick and fill in host.
If he actually has talent another radio gig will load out materialized.
I just think he wrote your co-tails and won't be in demand.
So far after a few days the show seems fine.
Says Allen.
What would you say is the show seem fine?
Seems okay to me.
Today went by fast.
Yeah.
Did it go by fast?
Yeah it seemed like a pretty quick day.
Roger Eregion sunrise says the conspiracy theorist would say the real reason George was
was because they corporate ass clowns at QA.
I'm really trying to get rid of you.
They were hoping that firing George might cause you to walk and perhaps given that you quit
they wouldn't have to fulfill the terms of the contract.
Whereas directly can you would cost them a lot of money.
Otherwise I just don't get it.
What has ever had George ever done but worked hard to make this show work?
Surely his salary was not an issue or is it just personal.
Surely his salary was the issue so they claim.
Oh yeah.
Money honey.
Anyway since that ploy didn't work watch your back they'll probably try to
fire you for some violation so they don't have to pay you.
And finally I want to say I've listened to QM for about 10 years now.
I've never been so disgusted with this treatment at abandonment of one.
They truly good guys around.
Fuck oh.
Oh it's a good thing I got that.
Yeah I think I did that because you know what I don't think I have a dump
button in here.
Oh I do.
Good.
I hit it twice.
Yeah.
F all the management of QAM.
I read it.
I heard it.
I can't I can't believe I did that.
And you don't have a dump button there?
If there's one in here I don't know where it's at.
Well you heard it online anyway.
Yeah.
See that's one of the great benefits of listening online.
Little bonus.
Wow.
I can't believe I did that.
Can you?
No.
Must have sure you must have almost fallen off that chair.
All right dig.
Now I was trying to look for a dump button I'm like oh we're on.
Oh no.
Wow.
Well I'm sure hope this one works.
We'll find out.
We'll find out if it didn't trust me.
Well I'm sure that.
Sure.
Sean says can't believe Joe Bell just sent the email about how great you
and Flea sound that's completely unprofessional and insensitive.
This was toward the end of the show on Friday.
On top of him getting into a toxic correspondence with a college kid
is it possible he's melting down a bit?
Could be on his could be he be on his way out?
A toxic correspondence how do you like that?
Think he's staring to crumble hope so that way maybe we can
schedule some ads on your station.
Well first you'd have to lose that tired sports parody product that you
run the rest of the day that moron get rid of the only other original talent on
QM that might lure in more advertisers now advertising agencies from
on to advertise to the sports crowd can fit all the sports stations against
each other way to go Joe says Sean.
Sean don't sound too happy.
No.
I think he would say the F-word too if he had the chance.
So what's the deal did we find out from anybody if they listened in the
building we'd know?
Oh well I just got a text from my wife and she said that went out on the air.
No.
How's that possible I hit the dump on three times.
I don't know.
It was fleeting.
Oh.
It was a fleeting one.
It was what?
Fleeting.
Yeah I didn't I didn't add the last two letters I don't think.
How's that possible I went on the air when I hit the dump?
Don't tell me this dump button doesn't work now.
It is a good possibility that it does not.
I need to find out because that is a major problem.
No kidding.
You have to be kidding me.
Your wife said that that went on the air?
Yep she just text me.
I hit that dump button as hard as anybody because it's three times.
It was real.
It was real.
It was real.
It was real.
Because when you hit it I heard something like vibrating to my headphones.
Well what does that mean?
I don't know.
I assumed that that meant it was working.
You what?
I assumed that because it was making a noise in my headphones that the dump actually worked.
But apparently it did not.
Oh some jackass here says stop with the Pontiac commercials.
I think those are great.
I think that's fun.
All Maria says sell now.
This is for you.
Okay.
Hello Mr. Rogers but I'm about to say my surprise you in your listers.
I typically don't make recommendations other than it's a buying opportunity.
However to preserve my reputation with you in your listers today is a true selling opportunity.
The Obama balance has run its course.
I believe over the next couple of months we'll see some downward pressure in the stock markets.
There's Maria with that pressure again.
For you sir that might be good news because that'll cause the dollar to strengthen against the
loony.
More good news will be the temporary weakness and crude oil which will cause the loony the weekend more.
So do you and your listeners sell into the day's strength?
Take the profits that you made during the Obama balance.
Best regards Maria B.
More good news I found the dump button in here.
Yeah.
Too late now.
Yeah it's a little far from here too.
Rob Walker just pointed it out to me.
Oh Philc's it went on a year but it came across as F.
Oh I see.
Okay.
It chumped the last two letters off.
Shhh.
I was.
Yeah.
But if I had it if you're going to use your potty mouth again I found the dump button.
Oh you want me to sit again?
No.
Holy cow.
Wow.
I haven't done that in a long time.
I had to dump myself.
In fact I got to go do a good dump right now I think.
Okay.
Holy moly.
Yeah I've voiced a little.
Did you?
Yeah a little bit.
You dropped a little a Joyce in your pantalini?
A little Hershey squirt.
Oh no.
Well thank god it's almost two o'clock and I would say other than
we focus on local sports talk.
That's why we are self Florida sports leader.
560.
Q.A.M.
It's day.
Did my any town.
Girl.
Did her.
At 560.
WQ.
A.A.M.
I've got kids.
But I want a new one.
I did a girl to match my left hook.
I couldn't find the perfect one in London.
But in Africa they have one I can't find.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A baby a baby.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
I'm new one from the Lorry.
Even though the one I want has parents.
I won't let that fat get in my way.
I want to outdo bread in Angelina.
So I'm going to take one home with me today.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
A baby a baby.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
Fresh from the Lorry.
Gonna pick me up a new kid.
I'm new kid.
Fresh from the Lorry.
It's one of my baby.
A baby.
And bigger than tall.
Bye bye bye.
You're listening to South Florida's Fort Whale.
560.
WQ.
A.A.M.
