The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and not reflect those of everybody's house.
It's staffed advertisers.
No more joy.
It's not for the sport.
Thanks, you'll find out.
Thank you, WQAM, Miami, for the fun.
We love you, I like that.
560LUAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 56070560 in date and Broward.
In other counties, call toll three 877785 Neil or pound 56018 and Verizon wireless phones.
The appenings expressed by Neil, these guests or in the colors do not represent those of WQAM management, I allow them to force monsters.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560WQAM.
The Neil Roger Show on 560WQAM.
Now let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Let's go back to the next program.
Who will be next in line if you don't do it?
Who is going to wave bye-bye next?
Right.
Here's a message from George to the audience
that he emailed me this morning at 8.54 am.
He says, I've been getting a lot of emails.
I still can't send for my phone.
And the computer I used to at the station is in Hooked-Up yet.
I don't know when I'll have time to connect to respond
to all these people who are saying some really nice things.
I'm using the webmail feature of the account to write this
and respond to the emails that come in
from this point on, but the older emails are on the other computer.
I don't want people to think I'm ignoring them.
I'll be sending you a generic thank you back to many of them as I possibly can.
Soon as I get that computer working, but I don't know when that'll be.
Could you please thank all these really nice people for me and apologize for not being able
to give back to them sooner?
Thanks, George.
How do you like that?
No, it's a real bench.
So thanks to all the nice people for all the stuff you're sending to George,
because he won't be on the ear here in no mold.
My phone rang about two 20 yesterday afternoon.
I was sitting down in the lobby waiting for a pot to go to lunch.
And the phone rang and it was George.
He said, I'm fired.
Yeah, he sent me a text at two o'clock to a bell.
And clearance cornered him in the hall on the way out of there.
I guess ushered him into clearance's office and Joe shook his hand to tell him
how much he likes him and how much he appreciates his work on the air.
But it's budgetary cuts cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut.
I think they ought to shut the damn thing down.
Look at all the money they'll save them.
Just pay off the people under contract, not to mention anybody by name and shut her down.
Get her done and shut her down.
Look alive, Marie.
Now, if I ever see that again, I'm going to kill somebody.
I don't know why that just bugs me.
You know the spot I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Look alive, Marie.
No.
Yeah.
And do they have to share the food in those commercials?
It makes it look horrible.
Now, stop.
Sorry.
See, you're just starting in already in the first couple of minutes.
You're like digging a grave for yourself.
I'm negative.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Maybe that's one or no.
It's not got to do with negative.
It's got to do with dollars and cents.
Maybe they advertise on the station, putrid system.
I don't know.
But you do have a good point.
I've said that many times if you can't make it look good and really edible and yummy on TV,
then how can it be in person?
Yeah.
Don't show it at least.
Jesus.
God, let me just use my imagination of how pot roast from a box looks like.
You know, stop and think about that.
How does pot roast in a box looks like?
But at any rate, look alive, Marie.
No, come on, Danny.
Tommy and Miami says, I've been loyal listeners since my early 20s and now my 40s.
I've heard the management battles over the years, but this one boy sure shines a light
on incompetence, bold, augury.
And I'd say target practice on a personal level coming from management slash ownership.
Neil, I'll still be listening to you, God.
Oh, you're the one.
Thanks, Tommy.
He's the one that's still going to be listening.
But come summertime.
I don't know what I'll do without that George.
If it comes to his firing, well, it did talented, young at heart, well read, well spoken,
current on pop culture, outspoken on local national issues.
Sorry for the suck uping wording.
The Neil and George camaraderie will be sour, sourly missed.
You are all beacons, man, salvation in the sucking world pool of sports all day, every hour,
every radio station says Tommy and Miami.
Amen, Tommy.
Thanks.
Boy, it is so hot in here, I'm going to have to crack a window.
The AC goes on later today, though.
Boy, thank God.
It's only when I'm going to survive.
Here's one from Mark, dear Neil, dear George.
I just returned from living in Holland.
And this is the first thing I did after going through withdrawals.
I was putting was putting on your show.
It's been the only stab to the lunatic journalism and mad capability on it was America.
By the way, how's that the swine sleuth in coming?
I think it's over.
Oh, people aren't dropping like flies.
No, we're not all going to die by the end of the month.
George, thank you for making the Neil Roger show complete.
Though it's beyond my control to have Joe Bell subjected to extraordinary rendition.
You become a top notch radio town.
I hope you remain with the field.
I look forward to your future success and turning it to you again.
All the best, Mark.
Well, George Lanzagig on the air somewhere.
I'll be the first one to tell you where it is, even if it's right opposite us,
even if it's mid days on 850 WFTL.
There you go.
I wouldn't wish that on him.
James Crystal Radio.
I mean, that's an oxymoron James Crystal Radio.
There's nothing radio with you about that company or about Steve Lapa or any of those losers over there.
They got no money, no numbers.
They got nothing.
They had a pretty good signal.
They're on 850.
Nobody listens to it.
And me foes on 640, which don't even show up in the book.
It doesn't even, it doesn't even get listed.
Wow.
That means point like that.
A lot of those shows going around in this market now, a lot of crap.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, yeah.
Crazy person.
Percy and Miami Lakes rights.
Neil, I've been a fan of your show since the WNW West days.
You're truly a South Florida radio treasure.
I know you've been making a ton of money all these years.
Where's all that money gone?
By now you should have had a package stashed away big enough to choke an elephant.
Stop putting up with all this BS and buy your own radio station.
You obviously know what it takes to run a successful station.
PS already hear about George Atlanta and his feet.
If I had the money to buy myself my own radio station, you think I'd be sitting here right now?
Right.
Crazy person, Percy.
You're a lunatic.
All these people are experts.
Oh, you're certainly a stashed away as Zidian dollars and why don't you buy your own station?
Why don't you buy a brain, Percy?
Here's one that says, what a bunch of crap, Neil?
What's happened to radio is revenue down by that much or is it just an excuse?
I don't know.
Is it down by that much?
You got a better idea than I do.
Mixed down.
What kind of an answer was that?
I don't know what percentage it's down.
I know in some, I think was it thinking financial said they were down about 30%.
Yeah.
But this company turned a profit in the first quarter, eight thousand bucks or something like that.
I know.
Could make more in the street corner.
Spare some change, mister.
Get a nice big tent.
Tim can put the beesleys out there, put Carol and out there on the street corner.
Spare some change, mister.
Have a nice day, a Robert Paulie's dead.
Why tell you one thing, maybe email sure aren't pouring in today.
No.
Neil at NeilRodges.com.
They are not pouring in.
I'm sure you'll get some good hate ones later about me.
Really?
Out of magic.
Oh, and wait till Brandon finds out who's going to be filling in for you.
Well, for me, when I'm on vacation and you're working to do in this part of the show,
oh, yeah, I'll be real mad.
Josh Cortes, flee in Cortes.
Wow, which I'm a little bit relieved because I thought you were going to tell me,
oh, well, probably a, probably a clearance will stick the beast in here or something like that.
No way Jose.
No effing way.
Just remember, I told you that.
Okay.
It's not personal.
It's business.
He doesn't belong on a year to say to, to squeal hello, to squeak.
Well, we got a lot of squeakers on the station, including you.
You're a squeaker.
Yeah, pretty much.
The dows up 30 points.
Robert Paulie is dead.
The cause was lung and heart failure.
His son, Robert Paulie Jr.
said, Mr. Paulie was president.
ABC radio 1961 when the network was ailing.
He reinvigorated in part by emphasizing live events, especially sports.
He paid for the broadcasting rights to sporting events like the classic 64 boxy match between
sonny, listen, cash, his clay, a K a Mohammed Ali estimates put the radio audience for that
fight at 75 million earlier in 1960.
Mr. Paulie had scored a coup by having a little known sports announcer named Howard Cosell.
Then broadcasting news about Little League baseball.
Mr. Cosell became celebrated for his provocative commentary.
Robert Reinhold Paulie.
He's dead.
He was, um, how old was he?
I don't know.
He was born in 1923.
That makes him 86.
Wow.
Wow.
86?
That's a good long life.
Yeah, it looked good long life.
I wouldn't mind 86.
I give me another 20 years.
Yeah.
Although working for these people, I have my doubts.
Yeah, he lost probably about five years this in the last week.
I would think so.
I think that's the game plan.
Killed the old bag.
Murder the old son of a bitch.
I think that's what they have in mind.
When it outstressed him out, because for diabetes, there are a few things worse than stress.
Ice cream.
Byron Pagan mustered the wonder dog in Meridian, Idaho, chimed in this sucks.
Joe Bell sucks.
They take something that works in mess with it.
Hope George gets a job very soon.
This sucks.
It says with a whole bunch of exclamation points.
Mark and Miami says, I love you in your show, but this is the last straw.
How do you like that?
The last straw.
Well, I don't think they're going to beat you up.
I think they're going to beat me up all day.
Oh, you could have done this and you should have walked out.
You should have walked out.
You should have done more.
Mark.
PR Ralph says, I'll miss George, but I'm a lawyer listener for 15 years.
I'll see what happens in the summer.
And now George will hang with your useless agent, Norma Jean Kent and smoke together since George has no money for it.
Because a friend with weed is a friend in need.
And again, we'll see the summer issues and the numbers, et cetera.
Yeah, we'll see this summer.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I got big shoes to fill.
First key.
Yes, you do.
Yeah.
First key says, I just don't even know what to say.
I feel like a good friend has left.
This is just a shame.
Keep your head up.
Sorry, George.
Good luck.
Hopefully it says, well, there you go.
Good luck.
Hopefully.
Nice.
See, these people that are writing about their ratings and George's of this and George's of that, obviously, they're right, but they don't understand.
They don't care about the ratings.
This isn't about ratings.
This is about being niggeredly, if I can say that.
Can I say that word?
I think so.
Niggeredly.
Yeah.
Cutting and cutting and cutting and slicing and dicing and chopping to the point where they haven't got money for anything.
And if they're in such dire straits, I say shut the damn thing off.
That night, they got like a zero point something.
Share.
What is a zero point three?
Something like that from seven of them.
And I shut the thing down, shut her down, baby.
Get her done and shut her down and look alive, Marino.
Oh, no.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm so sorry to say that.
Four years later.
560 Q-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-R-R-G-S-God.
New at GM, the groundbreaking bankruptcy zero percent finance deal of a lifetime.
Get a sleek new 2009 GM car for zero percent financing pay for only three months.
Then our credit department will be wiped clean along with your debt.
And the car will be yours to keep.
The new GM bankruptcy zero percent finance deal.
We're all going under for lose the ethics and come grab some great.
We'll be inventory lab.
1018 at 560 WQ-A-M.
Here's Tom Jicke.
Although this isn't the real one.
Okay, this is the fake Tom Jicke.
Well, I know it's as I'm posting this.
Neil lost his longtime producer of 19 years.
George Rodriguez was let go from WQM yesterday.
Neil's new producer is Lee Flea Feldman WGM general manager Joe Bell says George's release
was economic driven.
George was making more than most producers because he did a lot more,
including filling in for Neil more than 60 days a year.
This could be a back to attempt to get Neil to quit, but I doubt that will happen.
Fake Tom, he says.
No one as smart as Neil and making that kind of money.
He does walks out in the sniff.
That's correct.
No one with any desire to survive.
Okay, especially during these brutal nasty rotten times.
And fat man after dark, which you should only croak, writes me this.
So you're going to just let Norm Kent screw up again and allow WQM to be
even breach your contract.
Here's an expert on my contract in my life and George's life and everything of QAM.
Fat man after dark, my ass got without even a real name.
Or did they give you your consent to have another producer come out of the,
did you give them?
No, I did not give them my consent specifically did not.
No, fought at tooth and nail.
Everything I could do.
Nothing personal with Flea.
As you know, I fought at tooth and nail right to the end.
He did.
And I didn't take it personal.
If you didn't, then they were breaching your contract.
You need to do something about it.
Do you have no sense of loyalty to someone who isn't?
Now, here's a guy who knows what's in my contract.
Not see, I always was in the impression that George was completely safe all these years.
And then come to find out the contract is so poorly and loosely worded that he's not and wasn't and is gone.
Do you have no sense of loyalty to someone who was the first line of defense against all the nonsense
of the station when you were safely in Toronto?
He took the bullet for you and you don't even care.
Do you?
All you care about is your next trip to Woodbine disgusting.
This is my last line of communication with you.
I listened to, in to hear what George's situation was,
but now I'll be finding someone else to invest my time in.
You broke our hearts, Neil.
Well, guess what, fat man after dark?
That's my comment to you.
Drop dead.
I did this.
I didn't do that.
What would tell us, you know, it's a radio show.
What tell us, you know what went on behind the scenes?
Nothing.
And how much crap I went through and how much grief and serice and screaming and gnashing and yelling and carrying on.
And how many phone calls and et cetera.
The Phantom, not even the Phantom Informer, but another fake Phantom.
I've been a lawyer, since the days of Barbara Kappettman spelled wrong, Casino Stan,
and the Swap Shop Elephant with Gilbert.
I'm 47 years old.
I'm saddened to hear that George was fired and did it with a whole bunch of these.
George is a great kind of sincere person.
I blame Norma Elliott Kent.
He's incompetent.
Best regards to the Phantom.
Yeah, Phantom, I asked.
And you thought you were going to be on the receiving end of all the crap.
It's going to be me.
Flea.
Yeah.
Oh, wait a minute.
I had you chopped off there.
I had your pot closed.
Maybe that was an act of God.
Cliff says, sorry, buddy.
We don't skate with broke men.
Sincerely roller derby girls.
Ah, whoa.
Brandon says, I know you like to use the word scandalous, but what happened yesterday afternoon is just downright.
It's sad.
I really doubt cutting George loose was going to put the station in the black, but there
always seems to be money to move to a new station instead of try to make improvements to the
old one.
And it's always the good people that the bad things happen to.
Hank, can Eddie and George, if people like your general manager keep getting pats on the
back and flea, you sure do have some serious shoes to fill your entire body couldn't
fill one of Georgia shoes.
How do you like that?
Are you that small?
Are you like a munchkin?
I'm small here.
And while typing this message, there's spot aired over the stream playing a clip of
you from a previous show and there was George chiming in the background.
Brandon's really p.o.
He don't want to say the real reason he's p.o. is because he heard courtes is going to
be doing with you on these shows.
Well, I have a new word that you can use if you want.
Someone called Joe Bell, this in an email.
Yes.
And I checked and were allowed to use it according to clearance because we can't say
d-bag, but you can say douche nozzle.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
They used that that was someone called Joe Bell at douche nozzle.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, we had that yesterday a couple of them.
Douche nozzle.
Sales is I hate to see anyone lose their job in the sucky economy.
I'm one of those who never listen to George when he were on vacation.
Thought he had a can't be bothered attitude and contributed nothing to the show.
In fact, whenever he opened his mouth, he brought your show down.
Won't miss him a bit.
And know whoever the new guy is does not have big shoes to fill.
He just needs to run the board, do his job and let you do your show.
Lawyer Listerson 79, love you, Niels' sale.
Well, that's a little nasty sale.
Little bit.
Very nasty.
Wow, that's Blushmiths as somebody been listening for 14 years and can't believe
you guys are a team.
And as a final walk, George is already missed.
Well, I'm sure that he's missed by me.
Yeah.
Here's one that says, couldn't those bastards let George finish the week?
Heartless.
Hate you, Joe.
Yeah, well, what was the deal of firing somebody on a Wednesday afternoon?
What's that?
I'm not sure how that all went down.
I don't I mean sure you are.
I really don't.
I mean, it was kind of painful to watch.
So it was kind of good at the end of it, I guess, but yeah,
why not let him finish out the week?
Yeah, I told Clarence when he called me yesterday afternoon to give me the bad news
as if I hadn't already heard from George.
I told him I said this was done so badly and so poorly, typical QA in fashion,
typical beastly style.
Put the rumors out, let everybody have twist and hang in the wind, let everyone
let George, you know, Nash's teeth and wonder which minute was going to be his last.
And then all of a sudden, a you're fired.
Done very badly and poorly.
How come everybody else in the building knew about it, not him?
I don't know.
Because he told me yesterday when he was starting to pack up all his crap, he said,
well, everybody is telling me that this is my last day on a Wednesday.
The fake gym certainly says when all these firing started happening at QM was easy to
say the economy was to blame.
Now after round two, round three and round four, a cuts, it said where I started to wonder.
I did some digging.
I've heard through the grapevine that visually Clarence are aggressively looking to sell QA.
I am, oh, please, please, pretty please.
I know there have been rumors before, but this time they want out.
I'm not sure if the climate is favorable right now to sell a radio station worth millions
of dollars with millions of dollars in overhead, but the word on the street is
it looking to sell now.
I have my big pre-pregnance party plans as the fake gym.
Sir, I mean, more excited about the prospects of racing back at Hylia.
I miss the days when Jikin, I used to go flamingo tipping.
What is that flamingo tipping?
I have no idea.
How's it going to ask you?
I remember the flamingos, they would blow the whistle and they would all like fart or something
like that.
They'd all line up to eat.
They had a trainer out there in the infield with the flamingos and he would blow
whistle and they'd all like goos step in the line and get ready to be fed.
Never saw the flamingos at Hylia?
No.
Well, I'll be damned.
I thought you knew something.
Brian and West Palm Beach is, I'm really pissed off about George getting a Schmidt
can.
I listen to QM from a 7 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. during the week and quite a bit on the weekends.
My protest will be dumping the station with the exception of your show.
Station management won't care, but I will have some sense of satisfaction.
Best of luck, George, as Brian.
Thanks, Brian.
Here's one that says, hey, Uncle Leo, can't believe George has been added to the list.
Here in Palm Beach County, two radio guys, Tim the Birdman bird of cool 105.5 and Keith
Van Allen of the Gatorate 98.7 both got canned.
Queer channel must really be hurting.
Scrum.
Kenny and George, who's next?
Oh, how long for the days of Tiger Radio when South Florida was a nice place to call
home, says Jim and Boynton.
Yeah.
When it was a nice place to call home.
And she risen today.
I'll tell you that.
Keith says I wasn't one of the folks you were mentioning.
It was under the impression that this was the last week of discussion regarding George's
pending termination with Stick.
Even so, I was hoping out hope that QM management might have a bout of temporary sanity and
not go through with their latest display of incompetence.
How unfortunate for you, George and the audience, if they decided to behave in their normal
manner.
It shouldn't be shocking.
It's still it is, right?
Your description of management seems to be accurate.
Niggerly, reluctant to give or spend stingy miserly.
Best elected George and tell Jolly Joe to put a douche nozzle up his joys hole.
He says Keith, how do you like that?
Douche nozzle up your joys hole.
Wow.
You're joicing joyce you.
You think I'm going to be able to survive four hours of this?
I mean, the last three days have been draining at best, just draining by the end of each
day.
I feel like a sponge that's been squeezed and squashed and you know what I mean?
Yeah, it's been painful.
Painful.
And the fat man after dark dropped dead, you fat tub of garbage.
Idiot.
How could you do this, Neil?
How could you sit back?
Don't you go to the last 60 QA and F.
Oh, God.
I'm looking at the white whale.
It is also me.
We're working with a guy named Hanis Alam.
I thought you didn't believe in torture, honey.
Watch on the left, let's do it.
What'd you do here?
I'm a political advisor.
This is above the world with friendship matters.
My sisters, going to want to meet you.
The brothers of awareness.
In the dead.
Who wants to be eaten?
I have an agent who will see I gain.
Light is on you.
You won't let me die.
He knows what he lacks, the Middle East, but he's not.
And that's the problem right there.
Wow.
That was it, huh?
Yeah, what thought was that?
I don't know.
Real hilarious, real hysterical.
I mean, all you people that want to punish me, thank you so much.
This is what I love about people.
After all these years, wait a minute.
I'm printing out right now.
After 30 years of listening to the show, I'm out.
Here it is.
Mark, after almost 30 years, I'm going to sign off from your show.
After following the BS last few days, I have to say that the firing of George is just another nail in the Elijah's coffin.
I very much enjoyed listening to George as he added a really good balance to your show.
He added a really great reason to listen.
I enjoy listening to you, but nothing comes without pain.
WQM has to learn that consequences do exist for every action they take.
A lot of people will say nice things about George, but keep listening.
That just perpetuates this manbling of good entertainment destroys people's lives.
I wish you continued success, but it'll have to be without me.
Mark, well, thanks, Mark.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
It's rude.
I want to punish me because they can't, George, and they're screwing everybody's life.
In fact, when I got that call, I went from Joe Bell, giving me a son to dance about how he wanted to determine a George.
And I said, this is a married man with a family to support.
And of course, they don't care about that.
They don't care about you.
They don't care about me.
They don't care about George.
His wife, his family.
They don't care about anybody.
They didn't care about Ken Maldon.
The Humper, Eddie Kay.
They don't care about people.
People don't count in business anymore.
And the fact that they lost all that money on the dolphins and on the marlins and all this crap for years and years and years,
that's not my fault.
They never lost money on this show.
Nope.
Lost their ass on the marlins a million bucks a year until they finally unloaded it.
Yeah.
This is a, here, this is typical.
Be for real, Neil.
This has to be a stunt.
George and Flea are probably getting the two to six hours as Mike and Hollywood.
You're an idiot, Mike.
This has to be a stunt.
Yeah.
Tune in tomorrow and see if George is here.
Tune in on Monday.
Tuesday.
Wednesday.
He won't be here.
Brandon even says, I think my anger for Cortis has passed.
It's very clear there are much more pressing things to be pissed off about.
At a boy, Brandon.
Now, Brandon's willing to even let go with his hatred for Cortis.
That goes to show you how peeled he is about this.
Yeah.
I mean, for him to say that, that's a lot.
Lisa says, this has got to be the worst day for your show.
Losing George will not help with the ratings.
No kidding, Lisa.
Keeping him behind the scenes might help to keep the flow going.
What does that mean?
Keeping him behind the scenes.
I don't know.
Like behind a curtain somewhere.
But losing him will only be the beginning of the end for the sinking ship for the once great Neil Rogers show.
It says, Lisa.
Thanks, Lisa, for your optimistic outlook.
God, what a bunch of, I mean, I'm just blown away by all of this.
But the way some of you people react is just subhuman.
Subhuman, maybe.
And bear's out.
Fortify is my ideas about why I don't want to be down here.
Great.
Oh my God.
We hate you now.
We used to like you when George was there.
But now we hate you.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Sam says, I want to say, buy the George and thank you guys for the great years together.
I actually cried this morning when you read that note from George.
I lost a brother.
This entire freaking catastrophe is just too much.
It's indicative of what's going on in the corporate world.
There are always our incompetent people at the top making decisions on issues they truly know nothing about.
I know it's because you don't do a sports show, but George is more crucial than Neil Rogers show them.
Curtis is the mad dog.
Rezekiel to the little dog.
The injustice.
Carry on the love you.
George and whoever is on the air with you.
He loves you, a flea.
Sam.
That's nice.
I mean, not that much, but.
Yeah.
He loves you a little bit.
I'll take it.
Tim is pissed off.
He says, the loyal listeners of the show have limited ability to express our disapproval of the ass and I decision to can El Cubano, George.
If we work out the show, we don't hear you and hurt the numbers.
Perhaps we can work out the show when they play those ponderous tapes.
There are going to be any tapes.
Let me tell you that right now.
Just remember, I told you that.
Is there any discussion about playing best of Neil tapes?
No.
Good.
And there won't be.
How about putting seven, 90?
How about seven, 90?
Putting a woman co-host on midday?
Well, we are down seven, 90.
No.
Even if she's good, I can't tell because nobody, nobody can stand to hear woman's voice doing sports as Peeve, Tim.
He's talking about their morning show, I guess.
Yeah.
Have you heard it?
Yes.
I have.
And?
It's not good.
Really?
I find it very boring.
What a shock.
Yeah.
You find it boring?
Very boring.
Even with Jorge Sadano on there?
Nice guy.
I don't like a show.
Oh.
And what about Catherine Fernandez-Schwarz, whatever her name is?
Yes.
She doesn't say much.
Crystal Fernandez.
She doesn't really say a whole lot.
She looks okay though.
I saw her on the website.
She looks alright.
I see.
So that's supposed to give them some audience as well.
She looks okay.
That works well in the radio.
Oh.
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
Here's one from David.
Okay.
I've had enough of this crap.
I listened to both stations.
I'm sick of all this budget crap.
Seven, 90 getting rid of Zazlow's show.
The only decent show they had.
Wow.
Now, Jorge getting canned on the eelshow.
Rather than going out of the business, seems only one answer.
Even though you hate each other like poison, you need to combine the two stations.
And here's the, here as the new PD, you as your new lineup.
Steve White, 5 to 10 AM.
Gooseo, 510 to I see 5 AM to 510.
510 to 520.
Big old 520 to 6 AM.
Joe Rosen, George Sedano, 6 to 10.
Neil and Zazlow.
Zazlow, a fill in for New York summer 10 to 1.
One to four mad dog and Zaz.
Man.
And Levitz from 4 to 7.
Levitz?
Levitz?
Levitz?
Somebody called him Levitz one time on the air.
Who's that?
I think it was Gene Simmons called Levittard Levitz.
Oh, Levitz.
Yeah.
Seven to 5 AM.
Who cares both your signal, Succano and Kenny, anyway?
You can put dolphin destroyers with Kimbobo camp in Armando Arm wrestling for two hours.
This will start next Monday.
Enjoy your new jobs.
David.
Very amusing, David.
I'm sure to you not to us.
Here's one that says, Flea, you son of a bitch.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, this is chronic Jason.
Why would you take this part time job for no additional money?
If it was to keep your self-employed, I guess I could understand.
But I would hope you're aggressively seeking new employment.
Are you aggressively seeking new employment?
Yes.
You are?
No.
When you agreed to do George's job for free, you might as well have pushed George down the stairs yourself.
Didn't you realize that by taking George's job for no pay guarantee that George would be fired?
You don't have kids.
Did you need your crappy job so bad it was worth it to sell your buddy George down the river?
George is a married man with a family to support with a soul income.
How do you sleep at night?
You feel good about yourself?
Look deep inside yourself and you really think you've made the right decision?
Have a good life.
You piece of joy, says Jason.
Wow.
He's angry.
Pist off.
Yeah.
And you, Flea.
Gene from Sebring sends one with real teeny tiny type.
So tiny I'm going to print it out.
So sad day.
Feel like we've had a death in the family.
We had the death of Ken Maldon.
Jimmy says, I'm his George, but he'll be okay since so would you.
Loyalist, you since 1990.
Sent via crackberry.
Thanks.
Isn't it funny how people are fine saying, hey Neil, it's no big deal.
Why don't you shell out $50,000 or hey Lee, why don't you just quit, you know, get fired, you know, to save George's job.
Really easy for them to say it.
And then why don't I walk out?
That's that that was the one that really got me.
Why don't I walk out and destroy my own life?
So Resri loves company, you know, right?
That wasn't that wasn't going to save George's job.
No.
Why don't I walk out and screw up my own life?
Some of you people are insane.
Let's see how fast they would walk out to save somebody else's job.
Right.
Especially during these times in which we live.
No, you could have done more Neil.
You could have done more.
You were normal.
You should have done more.
There's nothing more that I could do.
I exhausted all of my resources and George for one knows that.
Oh Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well here we go again.
Well congratulations, get a life.
Hey kids, it's me, the disease clowns.
If your parents are afraid of vaccinations and are forcing you to attend check-in-packs
party for early exposure, tell them about me.
Only I, the disease clown, makes balloon animals, plays games, and provides early exposure to most serious diseases.
You see kids, as an intravenous drug user for over 12 years, I collected classics like the measles,
meningitis, hepatitis ABC, the clapped, syphilis, and I've been trying real hard to get the slime flu.
I also have HIV, which you won't catch.
We probably won't need to share needles in the first party.
Whoa, did I say that?
Oh kids, have your parents hire me, the disease clown.
I can make it a party to last the lifetime.
I wonder if the disease clown is akin to the ass clown, do you think?
It could be, or the douche nozzle.
1044, 16 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
We got Orlando with two big dog, a mad dog at 4, whatever dog.
Hurricane Hotline is 7, one of the worst shows in history.
Eight to nine is high school gridiron report, the nine to 11 is DA with his numbers.
Well, you know what, that schedule is not right.
Really?
Because Hurricane Hotline played last night, actually.
They moved it for some reason.
So what's on it's seven?
It'll be the, I guess, just the high school gridiron report.
And after Dolphins tonight, so Dolphins tonight will go 7 to 8.
Oh Dolphins tonight, that's the show I was talking about, one of the worst in history with Kimba Blowcamp.
Come on, it's got a .5 share.
Yeah.
Mike says, I can't believe they let George go in the big O is still on the year.
Typical corporate garbage where the people making the decisions are coolest.
For sure this summer, the ratings will be in the toilet.
Good luck, George, you'll be missed.
Says Mike.
Dave says, Neil, have you taken a look at the Florida bar website lately?
Are you aware your attorney has listed as a criminal law attorney with suspended back in 2002?
Yes.
Perhaps it's really time to get rid of this guy as the fallout from firing George will be far reaching.
The fallout from firing George is going to be far reaching.
How do you like that? What does that mean? Can you explain that to me?
I don't know.
I just hope that everyone writing in who's saying that they will no longer listen to QM and his book,
how to make responses actually follows through.
George had a loyal following down here.
I hope you're in back on your soon.
Hey, Norma, if you're listening, time to take your picture off your website.
Your face is pink and you look like an idiot.
Keeping it real from a long time list of it says Dave.
Well, thanks Dave, I guess.
Blackie says it's not a good morning.
No kidding, Blackie.
It's bullshit what happened to George. He'll be missed.
I'm not mad at Flea. He had to do what he had to do.
I'm sure Joe Bell threatened to cut off.
Dump his ass if he didn't agree.
He threatened to do something to your ass?
No, nothing to my ass now.
No, how about the rest of you?
Well, as far as flamingo tipping, I'm sure it's the same as cow tipping.
It's when ass clowns push or tip them over.
The red necks and Davie are famous for it.
I'm with you on the black hocks, but for different reasons is Blackie.
What, what different reason could there be?
I don't know.
Unless you're really a black hocks fan, which I'm not.
I mean, when you get down to the playoff, if you're going to have any interest at all,
you have to employ the penguin, sure blew out the crapitals last night.
I turned it on. I was already for nothing.
They had even dropped the pucket. It was already for a zip.
Yeah, that was a whooping.
They lay the ass whooping on the crapitals.
And I'm expecting to see some hockey on here.
And I'm seeing some commercial and people are like rolling around on top of each other.
Kind of crap is that.
Pittsburgh six, Washington two.
Bad. I got to get that window cracked open. I'm going to die here.
How hot is it there?
Outside. I'm not talking about how hot it is outside.
I'm talking about inside. Stuffy. The AC don't go on till like later this afternoon.
It's 16 at 61. High will be 19 today.
66. Oh, that's nice. Oh, it is nice.
Although it's murky out there at rain this morning.
I'm sure Castano was taking notes. That's probably what put them up there with a big number.
Castano was stealing the Toronto weather reports from me.
Yeah.
So why they get the big number in the last book.
What the stuff just keeps on coming.
Eric, the grape nut says, wow, what a shame.
I'm sure going to miss George. He's great talented, entertaining,
and the two of you really had a good thing going. Yeah, we did.
19 years. Wow.
I wish him all the best. And I'm sure that he'll land on his feet just goes to show you
what a nasty brutal business radio really is, especially these days. Amen.
Well said, Eric.
While working in a as a sales hole for the original light bulb of Broward WF on the late 80s.
I was hired fired and rehard in one day.
As the station changed regimes and formats.
Anyhow, here's wishing you the best and keep up the good work.
Hopefully we'll get a few George spy reports.
So we'll know how he's doing and closing other than you, WQM can kiss my ass.
Says Eric, the grape nut. Thanks, Eric.
Oishmoy, Jew says I think we all knew the George deal was a foregone conclusion.
I'm sure they could have found another job for him if they wanted to.
George was a loyal employee and got kicked in the teeth for it.
I hope we got a halfway decent severance package.
I don't know. He didn't tell me how many weeks it was in his contract.
Yeah, I'm going to wish they had to pay him off to go away.
I have no idea.
Is it flea or flea with an A or an E?
E. Maybe it'll be flea soon, F-E-L-E-E.
That's what it is.
Anyway, it's not his fault that George got the boot hang in there flea.
In 18 years, you'll get the big one very near back side just like George.
Now, even I have less of a life says Oishmoy, Jew. Oishmoy.
Here's one that says, and this is Jimmy, even Jimmy, a listener knows,
with a town with such bad wagon jumpers, why do we need so many sports shows under radio?
I don't get it. We don't. We don't need him.
And nobody's listening to most of them either.
And I bet you that 940 is doing a hell of a number.
It probably starts with one of those.
And now they've got that syndicate.
What's the guy's name? George Cowpile on a midday across the street?
Yeah.
Clem Kadiddlehopper Cowpile.
Call him Cowherd.
Cowpile.
That'll get a big number. That's what I cowherd.
Here's one that says, love George, but why the outcry?
People are losing their jobs globally.
Why don't you pony up and pay him on the side?
Yeah, you pay him. All your people that want me to pay him, you pay him.
Get a fun paid George's salary. We'll bring him back.
Hey, we could do that.
Yeah, that's right.
Why don't I pay him?
I guess I'm supposed to pay everybody.
Why don't I pay him on the side?
Here's Sam. I've been listening since the early 80s.
I'll continue to listen.
But when you go on vacation, I will not listen.
Two years ago, I was sent a diary.
I'm your target audience.
I had QAM all over that thing.
I only wish they would send me another one this summer.
I thank George for his entertainment.
He's up ringing under your wing, made him unique in your station.
And will not be replaced.
Whatever that means.
Thanks, Sam. A little bit hysterical.
Here's one. What the hell is the matter with you?
You're a millionaire and you're too cheap to put the AC on before noon?
Oh my God. Are these people in Saint-O-Watt?
The AC is not available in my building.
Okay, and I'm not a millionaire.
The AC is not on the building.
As desperately as I want it needed, it's not on.
It's either the heater, the AC, and they're in transition mode.
Later today, they'll finally turn the damn AC on his building.
In this stuffy and separable building.
I'm too cheap to turn the AC on.
First of all, I don't pay the damn electric in this place.
So what do the things that make?
Nice.
Crazy people.
Crazy sour.
Baaah! Baaah! Baaah!
Like we don't have enough source going on here already?
Here's one that says instead of from the fake Wayne Heisinger.
Wow.
Instead of sitting there complaining in your typical flash,
not by looking forward.
George made no secret that he hated the email format.
However, the number is clearly shown the email format is a hit.
Unfortunately, George had to go because he would never be happy with the new format.
He'd rather have Prozac Ron ruin the show in the ratings.
Oh, yeah, right.
He loved Prozac Ron.
Yeah.
Not.
Neil is chicken-x safe.
He has long as I keep paying him. He's safe.
Michelle says, very saddened here that George was canned.
Even though you were talking about the real possibility of George getting fired,
it just wasn't sinking in.
I feel stunned and angry. I wish all the best for George.
I enjoyed listening to him while he was covering for you.
Would it be too much to ask to play George Bits today?
I don't have any George Bits.
I have that one I played yesterday.
What's George Bits?
I don't know.
Regardless that George is no longer with you, I'll continue to listen to you.
Well, thank God, Michelle.
Let me live so long to see Jolly Jobelle receive his come-up and see ya.
I'll dance on his grave, man. I'll dance a kazansky naked.
I'll stop.
I'll do the Bristol stomp on his tombstone.
And drop 40 quarts of bloody oozing diarrhea on it, too.
Here's one from Dale.
Don't poor Cotneil in response to the horror treatment of George Bore.
Work out those who advertise with I see.
I'm not getting involved in that.
Here's one that says George Who?
Very cute.
Very cute.
George Who My Ass.
1175 votes on the poll.
Who's the most hateful bigoted ultra-right ring radio host ever?
Rush Limbaugh's 722.
Nobody's even close to Rush.
We have 1175 votes.
And Rush has got 62% of them.
Oh, right.
Michael Savage's 234.
Sean Hannity's 76.
Laura Ingraham's 38.
Glenn Beck's 33.
Mark 1130.
Do you know who that is?
No.
I don't either. I never heard of him.
Dennis Miller's 18.
Hugh Huitt 12.
I've never heard of him either.
Michael Medved, 8 with that goofy mustache.
And Dennis Prager 4.
Out of 1175 friggin' votes.
If you would just have done this, if you would just do that,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
and your two teeth to turn on the air conditioning.
That could have been the all-time best.
You're too cheap to turn on the air conditioning.
Come on, man.
Spend a bucket.
Schmuck.
So now, did you see George yesterday
or did he before he left the building or what?
No, because I was at a meeting.
I had a one o'clock meeting.
Oh, another one of your meetings?
Yeah. I had two yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
Was this the meeting where they were discussing how deep
to stick the knife in George's back?
No, exactly at the booby trap.
The booby trap?
Yeah.
Doing what?
Talking about maybe doing some promotions with him.
How do you like to affect our salesman who came in this morning?
Yeah.
Asked me about a couple of spots.
How do you like that?
That's kind of crazy.
Now that George has gone, they're got lucky.
They don't want to lose that business.
I thought that one of the nicest emails that came in all day yesterday was the guy from...
High Life Cafe.
Chuck?
Oh, yeah. They're good people there.
Good people, great food, and they love George.
Yep.
And Lee, at least he's got a bunch of places he and a family can go eat free for a while.
You know, until things settle down until he gets that big, hopefully a big job.
Yep.
And can hopefully jam it down Joe Bell's throat.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Here we are in the middle of the NBA finals.
Round two, game three of a testy balance.
Now it's the Houston and Lakers and Hawks.
Nogit!
So many games it never ends.
You can still lose and play again.
These championships.
They're the 7th of all I know.
It will not end.
This is too bad.
And it's crazy.
Here was fished in.
Can you play on?
Here we go now.
To the final.
Hurry up now.
Come on, let's go.
Hurry up now.
To the final.
Hurry up now.
To the final.
Hurry up now.
To the final.
Hurry up now.
Hurry up now.
Hurry up now.
Hurry up now.
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
No.
11-01 at 5.60 WDQ-YM.
On Happy Thursday too.
When are we going to be happy again?
It'll be a while.
Will it?
I think so.
Maybe after the weekend.
Maybe.
Now here's two of them, side by each.
Doris and Palmetto Bay and Don Frado.
Doris says, Neil, I just tuned in.
Can you recap what happened with George?
And Don Frado says, just tuned in.
Can you reset the scene?
Why was George let go?
I'm in shock.
He was fired because they don't want to pay the money.
And somebody also asked me,
do they offer him a paid cut?
No, they did not.
Which I don't know if he could have afforded to take it,
but at least a pay cut would have been something better than zero, you know?
Right.
Better than what they're paying you to do it.
Yep.
They did not offer any opportunity to pay cut or anything else for a chance to stay.
They just said, you're fired.
That's it.
You're out.
Another cost cutting measured by the beeslees.
Who don't have two nickels to rub together anymore?
I'm sure glad that the Marlins organizations,
and they've been more than one,
and the Dolphin organization have got all that money that they've peed away over the last,
I don't know, 11 and a half years I've been on the station.
They share peed away a lot of money.
They lost millions on the Marlins.
Millions.
And the Keynes, do they make any money on that?
No.
No, it's just another,
another make busy project that loses a lot of money.
But in sports, it's the Walla football, baby.
Michael says, Uncle Neil, it's his sad day.
The reality is, the ratings from your show and the number of people who flip the station
at two o'clock is very ironic.
Everything is getting down to the corporate bottom line everywhere.
If the mega queer,
if the mega queer channel can slice and dice open the beeslees,
PSI just filled out two diaries for my wife and I did the right thing.
Check out the ratings in the summer book,
a possibility that I tune in on your vacation.
Mike W.
Now, what's the story with the book that's going on right now?
Are we in the spring book?
Is it actually taking place or what?
Yeah, we actually get the first ratings on a week from today, actually.
The first trend?
Well, it's not a trend anymore.
It'll be an actual book, I guess.
What do you mean by that?
Don't tell me that new deal is on that we can't talk about.
The new deal that we can't talk about is on and we get the first results from the thing
that we can't talk about a week from today.
Really?
Yes.
Holy moly, man, are you shmitting me?
But apparently there's still paper diaries out there as well doing a side-by-side thing.
I don't know, but to tell you the truth, I just said he is my filamount for us.
Right, so the 21st, we get the first thing that we can't talk about results.
Wow.
And how are those going to come in?
Now, they're going to look the same as the old stuff.
Yeah, she'd look pretty much the same.
Just a guess.
You're just guessing.
Right.
You're stabbing.
I'm stabbing there a little bit.
I got to open the window where I'm going to die.
I swear to God, I'm going to die in here.
So you know what clammy means?
Yes.
Clammy.
I'm ready to scream for my mommy.
That's how clammy would be between that and George getting candy yesterday.
And all this fall to roll and fall out.
It's your fault.
You son of a bitch.
You heartless rotten bastard.
You're probably happy.
Yeah, yeah, I'm thrilled.
All these years, 19 years of building whatever the hell we had,
and that having this great winter book that we just finished having,
and leave it to these people.
Leave it to these bastards to find a way to stick their foot up your ass
at a time when we should be happy.
At a time when we should be having a ratings party,
instead they're having like a wake now that they just buried Ken Maldon.
How many more people do they need to kill before it makes them happy?
Fought third man.
You ever stop and think about that?
No.
How many more people do they want to put it in the ground until it makes them real happy?
I'm going to open the window now.
Can you like...
Now what are you going to do when I do these things?
Like when the phone rings and I run out in the other room,
or what are you going to be doing?
Well, normally I would play music like George does,
but he took the computer.
I don't have any music.
I don't think that I can play right now.
You don't?
I'll be something.
I'll be something.
I got to get some music right here.
You don't have any denons in there, any CD players?
Yeah, I think I got that.
You have those den and decks.
You still sitting there to your left, I would think?
Like that.
Oh my god.
All right, let me open the window as wide as I can.
Okay, I'll be back.
I'll be back.
I don't want anywhere.
Oh, I don't want to put it in the right pipe.
I don't want to put it in the right pipe.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
There's good news.
Good news is it feels like there's a good stiff breeze, you know?
There's a stiff breeze coming from the outside, I think.
Yeah.
Enough to make the curtains flap around a little bit.
I wish it was like a like a hurricane out there.
We don't have no hurricanes here.
Yeah.
I wish it was like a freaking tornado.
But by tomorrow at this time the AC will be on allegedly.
Oh, a millionaire like you and your two two cheap to run the AC before noon.
That that has to be that that's got to be the all-time winner.
And that covers a lot of territory.
Ginny says, I used to live in Miami and no longer shocked at what's going on in the world.
I listened to you religiously and now do so on the internet since I was forced to move to this bum fugs state
where my rent and when my rent Miami tripled.
Where is she?
She doesn't even say where she is.
But I was appalled that George being dumped.
It just adds to my thoughts of big business which sucks.
All the name of money no loyalty.
I'm a lesbian.
I've been in the same boat.
And just don't understand all those who are hate mongers.
Money is the name of the game, but Neil baby.
Hate is really no more ono says, Ginny.
That's right.
Hate is what it's all about, especially in South Florida.
Steven says, George will get hired by Paul and Ron.
This would be the ultimate slap in the face to you by Paul and Ron.
Why do they want to give me a slap in the face?
I don't know.
They love me.
They're big fans of the show.
Castronova.
George's firing is a tragedy in the sign they should you should fire your agent Norma.
But you won't because as tough as you like to sound on the radio, you're afraid to fire him.
And why is that?
I don't know.
I don't know if Norma says I'm afraid to fire him.
I'm afraid of Norma.
All these people are experts like I've told you before critiques and complaints and life and show advice.
I'm afraid of Norma can't that that's amusing at best.
Joe Dodge-Ollis says last night I was flipping through the channels and came across Orlando Elsa query providing aesonine commentary as part of an ESPN roundtable.
I had never seen the big OBE for it looks like a typical obese Cuban Mafioso ass wipe.
What struck me wasn't a stupidity of what he was saying.
Only an athlete who's won a championship can be skitter considered a star.
He said I guess Ernie Banks was just a schlep then.
Right.
But the fact the idiot bitch who was conducting the roundtable kept saying that Orlando Elsa query was representing WKAM in Miami.
WKAM.
Hey, the vastage you work for does there all the miss identification and humiliation they get after yesterday?
Which will hit or for being known as Bloody Wednesday.
Hank Olber was also on talking about the preckness and he kept referring to Rachel Alexandra as Rachel Alexander.
She really must have great boobs after all.
It says I can hear the call now and down the stretch they come by while Peekow kick is out in front.
Yeah.
Rachel Alexander.
From the Harold from the illustrious Harold.
Good luck to George.
Jesus Mark.
I'm sure you'll come out of this just fine.
Good luck to flee as well.
He'll need it.
It says you hear that.
Yeah, I will.
And good luck to you.
You only have 9557 more emails to be excoriating you for not paying George out of your own pocket.
Why not organize a telephone or bring back the best in the LCDs with the proceeds going to George.
Jesus effing Christ.
By the way, is there any truth of the rumor that Paul Harvey Jr. and Jolly Joe bouquet of flowers to thank him for firing his diarist enemy?
Paul Harvey Jr. needs to join the real Paul Harvey in hell very, very soon.
Get a check and send it to George as Joe Dajola.
The first sign of evidence that WQM will pay for what they did to George.
It says WKAM.
There's Nancy Pelosi, but a beep but a boop but a bop bop bop can't stand that bitch.
Well, somebody we can't stand Jimmy Cifillitic says.
You know who Jimmy Cifillis is?
Manimunuo is over there at IOD.
Oh, really?
He actually outed himself a couple of days ago.
Now he's back as Jimmy Cifillis.
So sorry to hear about George, but he was small potatoes.
I hear the Beasley Broadcast group has no interest in buying out your contract or anybody else's for that matter either.
If you're unhappy, you'll have to quit.
Well, guess what I'm not doing it.
I hear WQM is already plans from mid days.
Your show breaks up the Walla football on WQM and the dolphins aren't happy with you on the station.
Perhaps you and George can be reunited on James Christel radio or that station in Orlando.
Bring the big O with you.
Good luck you'll need it.
Says the fake Jimmy Cifillis.
Lisa says Neil, I'm surprised you weren't able to keep George's job.
I love the Neil Rogers show, but I'll click my radio off after I tell WQM the Beasley's they can go to hell and have not lost one listener, but a multitude of us.
Love you, Neil, but this is about what's right.
Nick and Marty from Batavia.
How do you like that?
Nick and Marty from Batavia are going to stick it right in my shoot.
Where?
You know where?
Back them.
Stick their collective feet inside my body.
Races, radii, chronic races.
All I can say about George is firing is what the F.
I also will not listen to tapes.
A program needs continuity to draw people back.
I'll be back when you come back for vacation and hang in there.
Am I going on vacation anytime soon?
Next month I got a week and then we go to the summer schedule.
Yeah.
Yeah what?
And Jane I think you're right.
You take a vacation?
Yeah.
And then when I come back around the 20th and we go to the Tuesdays and Thursdays only for me and you Monday Wednesday and Friday you and Cortus.
How is it that he can do all that extra stuff now too?
I don't know.
George was there he could barely ever show up.
You got some kind of a pipeline to Cortus maybe your pan and slip in a few bucks under the table.
Yeah.
Part of your money.
Yeah just laying around.
I just never heard such a thing.
I mean what kind of a deal have you got there?
A crappy one apparently.
I mean when you were hired to come there did how many jobs did you agree to do for the same amount of cash?
I was hired as the promotions director.
Yeah and then you became assistant PD.
Right after they led Alison Turner to go because of budget purposes.
Vegetary yeah.
So I took on those added responsibilities for no additional money.
Wait I'm sorry for a pay cut actually.
Really?
Yeah.
And then now I'm doing this for no additional money.
It's a good gig.
Wesley in Lakeland says if they could the beastlies would try to enforce a non-competing against George.
Let's all hope that somehow turns into the best break George ever got.
Let's hope but I doubt it.
But first let's do this can't be bent into good news.
Says Wesley Lakeland.
Terry says George wasted nearly opportunity that you afforded him.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
He wasted nearly opportunity.
He could have been great.
He could have been the next kneel.
But he peed it away with his burps, farts and snot agenda.
Oh this is just a repeat of what we had from the same idiot before.
It says so the spick is dead long live the flea.
And Neil most of us out here are hoping that you are there crosshairs next.
Wow.
So the fag has no clothes especially with Norma can't as his lawyer.
And the only reason I'm still listening to you is because I hope I hear them canning your Toronto loving ass while I'm listening.
Terry from Bokeh.
Well screw you too Terry.
Yeah.
Josh Cortes is now that Neil is gone or the Georgia's gone.
How much will you be sending me when I work the border with the summer?
Fleet you want me to start booking the roller derby girls and sign language instructors?
Or should I wait just wondering Josh Cortes.
How do you like that?
Your close personal friend Cortes.
Yeah.
With a shot.
Oh Barry Jackass says you asked me to look at a WTKSFM's and Clear Channel Orlando's interest in your show.
I reached out to Linda Bird who's the vice president of programming for Clear Channel Orlando.
She responded by email that you are on their short list but didn't go further as I don't represent you.
So the short answer is they appear to have some interest in simul casting your show.
Really?
Yeah my new agent Barry Jackass.
The fake Barry Jackass.
Surely says I'm so sorry about George.
Hopefully he has some legal recourse.
He doesn't.
I know you did everything you could.
Yes I did but the jury's still out on flea.
If he's really trying to stab him in the back as rumor had it.
Well he still have access to the email through your show.
Yes.
If not, could you provide one where you can contact him right there on georgentnearodges.com.
And thanks for the 40 bucks that you gave to George Shirley.
In fact, maybe you can dig up a whole lot more now.
Oh me.
No show up for golf team for big bag of money.
Here we go again.
On source for it is 20 minutes later.
560 Q AM.
It's kind of like it was like do it yourself.
You know furnace to studio and Jeff Cohen from pizza lot brought us the first TV said that we had up there.
Which they did replace when it finally blew out.
And a satellite dish was donated by somebody.
All the stuff that was in there.
Wow.
Oh my computer is frozen up.
You're not going to have to do don't you.
Reboot.
Reboot.
Oh hold the fort for like 10 seconds.
Oh.
To hold for this man.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
That's the medley of the music you got there.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
For right now.
Well what are you going to do without a computer in there?
Are they going to get you one?
Oh that's right.
You're moving to the other building.
Yeah.
So they'll wait till my damn sure.
So what's the story going to be in the other building?
You've got that one little cubby hole and that's it.
Yeah.
It's tiny.
What about the cubby hole?
That's small too.
Wow.
Sean says, been a list of the things you started week one at QM.
It's a shame the powers that be don't realize what George meant to the show.
But every dog will have their day wishing all the best.
See something you don't understand Sean.
It's got nothing to do with what George meant to the show or not.
They don't care.
They don't care.
Am I right?
Yes.
They don't care what George meant to the show.
All they care about is they can blow him out and save that 70 grand a year.
And that's it.
Yes.
It's all they care about.
Cutting and cutting and slicing and dicing and saving money.
All the strength people's lives.
They don't they don't give a crap about him or his life or his family or anything else.
Any more than they give a crap about me.
Oh, I'm more I'm concerned about Neil's health.
That was one of the all time great lines.
In fact, it's interesting.
However, these last year for weeks, however, a long this thing has been filtering down.
That the concern and the excuses on their part have been changing.
The story's been changing.
Oh, I'm so concerned about the Neil's health.
And I really like flea better on the year and Neil's missing so much time.
And we got the summer schedule coming up.
And they tell George to his face yesterday how much he likes him on the year.
Mm hmm.
It's strictly business.
Not personal, strictly business.
They got some people in there.
They got some dead weight in that building.
I'm positive of it.
That's just unbelievable.
Yet the guy that shows up every day and does a hell of a job and produces for it makes them my helps to make them money on this show.
Screw him.
Screw him right, jolly Joe.
Screw him.
Barry McCockner says, I love George.
I miss George.
It's not your fault.
Flea's the man now.
Thanks for using my favorite term douche nozzle.
Oh, that's right.
That was Barry McCockner's term.
I forgot.
Sorry, Barry.
That's where that came from.
Douch nozzle.
I love it.
From the astonishing Barry McCockner.
How long until we're banned from saying that?
Oh, I don't know until Joyce finds out that we're saying it.
Now, do you remember that meeting we had on the phone that conference call?
Yes.
That idiotic conference call.
What more can we do to screw up Neil's show or whatever the hell was?
Right.
Now, wasn't clearance going to have some discussions with Joyce?
Yeah, I was wondering where that went.
Obviously, nowhere.
In the toilet.
It went to same place as George's job.
In the toilet.
One moment, please.
I'm rebooting.
I'm doing stuff.
Okay.
Is that okay?
Sure.
Whatever you got to do it.
We'll kill the old faggot.
We'll kill the son of a bitch.
No, you won't.
No.
I'll keep showing up every day.
That was up 47 points.
See, things are looking on the bright side.
Not.
Here's one that says Mr. Rogers.
I've never emailed your show.
I enjoy listening to you and all the way.
Usually, two now, George, when he's alone.
It's generally because I'm probably too old for his topics.
I also don't presume to tell you what to do.
But it would seem to an outside observer that you should seek out an expert entertainment attorney.
Mr. Kent doesn't seem to have served you very well.
Meanwhile, he's pursuing his practice.
George is sitting at home and you're suffering the frustrations that his handling of your business has brought you.
That's normal, can't.
All these years, he had me convinced that George was safe.
That it was my choice.
All these years.
And up until this week, I always believed it.
I mean, I read the language, the verb, you, myself.
I got it in the drawer there somewhere that's stupid ass contract.
And I guess I can wipe my ass with it.
Races, I'll admit I'm not a huge George fan, but I have no problem with them.
And most of all, I believe the job he was hired to do, he did very well.
That was to produce the near Roger's show.
I couldn't tell you about it on our personal level.
But from radio standpoint, George knows you like nobody's business.
His job was to make the near Roger's show run smoothly day in and day out.
He did that as good as anyone.
Sometimes, that means actually doing the show.
And truth I didn't always listen when George was on, but that was my choice.
And a whole lot of people did listen and enjoy it.
After all, he was the second string host him when the starting host was out.
He's not supposed to be better than you or what had been called the George Rodriguez show.
Nothing against flea, but no doubt your job just got a whole lot more difficult.
After 19 years together, George knew what you needed when and you didn't have to ask.
Maybe another 19 years, flea will know you that well.
You think 19 years?
Maybe.
That'll only be 85.
Lastly, a little more than a year ago, I suffered the same fate as George just did.
Fired because the boss wanted to save money.
Never offered me less money to stay just to pat on the back for the good job I did.
And a boot in the ass as he kicked me out the door.
Good luck to you, Neil.
And to George and Flea too, you're going to need it.
It's his way.
Good luck you're going to need it.
That's never good.
That doesn't sound good.
No.
Good luck you'll need it.
So how's the general?
I mean, you said something before the show today that I think...
It sums it all up very well.
You can't complain about the morale here because there isn't any.
Right.
Here's one that says, Neil, you didn't finish the job.
You should have gone after George like Al Niri did foray to win a Godfather part two.
Just kidding Neil, I'm not a hater.
Well, thank God for that.
We've already had enough hate.
BAH!
BAH!
George says, high-neil in Georgia if he's listening.
I'm very upset about George's firing.
He'll be fine, I hope.
From personal experience getting fired from a job you've had for almost 20 years is very tough.
I've been advertising all my life and been fired by the corporate A-holes in the past for no reason, except Tate and Jealousy.
Not money or ability, only hate.
You can never win.
I'm sending out a challenge to all your fans.
I'll send George $100 US and want to see all George's fans do the same.
A thousand pole holes sent $100 grand, not too bad.
Wow.
There are ten people out there that are going to send George $5.
Okay, George from Montreal, you're talking through your ass.
Post an address so I can send him a check right away.
I love you Neil and George.
I've been a fan forever. I'll follow you as long as you're on here.
Can I buy you lunch, George from Montreal, not a frog?
No, you can't buy me lunch.
Oh, Neil!
George from Montreal, go to lunch, George.
Here's your jam and fast.
Who's going to give Ricky a blow?
Break down, shout.
Weared the mudwings, go with the hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some who owned a station on.
Newfang called Rady O.
Now as George, Caroline goes.
Rolly's a big city, you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For Goli, Riley Jones.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, Farrell.
I knew GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to five, six, oh, with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Playings for full moes and order and control.
And then so, Goli, Rolly, Joe, a bug, you'll learn.
And in the note, he lets moes go.
And here's what blows.
It's Goli, his old show.
He'll make a big change.
And read a range.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
About a four, not that essentially blows.
For all radio.
GM of five, six, oh, Jolly, Riley, Joe.
1133 at five, 60 WQAM.
Grotesque Thursday, two, March 14th.
Yesterday was the 13th. Did you notice?
Yep.
Unlucky 13.
Unlucky for all of us.
Maybe not unlucky for you now that you got this new, no-pay job.
Yeah, it's nice.
Are you complaining already?
No.
Max says you were a great team.
And George was dumped on.
He was dumped on.
Schmidt.
Schmidt upon.
Here's one from the fake Joe Bell.
Says you better quit your equipping about George.
What is equipping?
I don't know.
Is that griping?
Could be.
Or you'll be without a producer altogether
and you'll have to do it all yourself.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
Your friend always, Joe Bell.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
Now there's no way Fleet would have banned in the show.
How could you get fired from a job where they're not paying you any money?
You can't stop and think about that.
No, I guess that's one thing you've got as job security with this job.
He haven't gone down with the ship.
And what kind of a comment was that?
What?
I'm just saying.
That was almost as bad as you're saying that the 18-34 male number
being tied for a second with power was crazy.
Crazy good.
What does that mean?
Crazy.
Like saying that you don't believe it?
I believe it.
I just hadn't seen it at all.
What's the point of time, even on this station, this show had phenomenal demographics,
spectacular numbers, once upon a time.
That's back when I could do the show.
Yeah, Clarence showed me a book from 2001 and you had like a 10 share or something like that.
Right, that's right.
Poor book.
Clarence.
Yeah.
And what was he saying?
How great the numbers were.
Really?
Yes.
On this show, Clarence was touting this show.
My good close personal friend, Clarence.
He was.
How did his wedding go?
I don't know. I wasn't invited.
You were not invited?
No.
Well, that don't sound too friendly to me.
No.
Larry says, now that this happened, let's not cry over spilled milk.
Oh, yeah, Larry, right.
It was milk?
All the hate emails aren't going to bring them back unless your shyster lawyer can prove a lawsuit.
And Flea, bring your up your base on your voice will sound more like a manly man, not squeaky like.
Yolte.
Okay.
Remember, life is short, his Larry.
Well, what does that supposed to mean? Life is short.
I don't know.
Life is short, so let's screw it up for as many people as we can while we have the opportunity.
Is that what Larry is trying to say?
I guess he wants me to use a fake radio voice too, I guess.
You sound, you know, like you.
Yeah, right.
Kind of like the chic.
Certainly not as squeaky as Gellie.
Fine, Neil, you need to better net.
There you go.
That's a little bit, a little bit squeaky than you.
Not a lot, a little bit, just a little bit.
The chic.
Whatever, what ever happened to that turd?
I don't know.
Frank says, sorry to hear about George getting fired, I'll miss him, but I'll continue to listen to your show.
Well, thank God you're the one, Frank.
You went about a handful of others.
You're the only show I listen to on WQM.
If they lose you, they'll be the worst station on the air.
Hopefully they'll hire someone who knows radio instead of some idiots who knows nothing.
Other than, they want to be jocks niffr.
What does that mean?
They'll hire someone who knows radio for what?
I don't know.
Keep up the great work radio needs more entertainers like you.
Take care, Frank.
Well, how do you like that?
Thanks, Frank.
Frank still likes me a little bit.
He's okay.
Not a whole lot, a little bit.
Pete from Bokers says just another example of corporate America's complete disregard for the worker.
George's firing is the icing on the cake.
Apparently, the big wigs at your station, just like the banks, AIG, the automakers,
and every other corporation don't have a freaking clue as to what they're doing.
These pillars of industry and commerce have run our country into the ground with their stupid management skills,
and lack of any real understanding as to what the consequences of their actions would be.
Time and time again, these morons ruin something that's working and turn it into a pie.
It's like a pile of smoldering crap.
Like millions of other Americans, George has paid the price for the bad decisions and reckless management methods.
These corporations have brought to us.
These idiots have tanked the entire global economy with their brilliance.
Thanks a lot.
Joe Bell and his cohorts should rot in hell.
Will miss George dearly.
He was a refreshing compliment to your wood humor ingenious.
No one else can fill his shoes.
Sorry, flea.
Yep.
That's what it says.
Sorry, flea.
Okay.
One of the last dynamic teams have been vaporized in the thin air.
Now the South Florida airways are.
What thinning entertainment will miss you George?
I hope you find something that offers an incredible new opportunity with endless riches.
Don't look back.
Just become mega wealthy and look back and laugh.
Laugh says Pete from Voka.
PS takes some time off George and enjoy the benefits you can only get from being able to wake and bake.
You were doing okay Pete.
You got to the comedy part, you know.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yeah.
You better.
Seems to me that you're I don't want to stick up for you because that would be the last thing or because I don't know if I can even trust you yet.
That's true.
Yeah.
Can I trust you?
I think so.
Yeah.
Oh, but time will tell you know I got to earn trust.
I don't know.
We'll see.
This whole business with George and with Joe Bell.
See your your two type with Joe Bell.
That's your problem.
You've got that hanging around your neck like a noose like an albatross.
Remember, Harry Harvey and albatross and then late Stanley Dancer.
Albatross.
The rarious of all birds.
Remember, Amber Cromby with Glenn Garntsey.
Mm-hmm.
Talk about a dead weight.
Jerry says there are things George did that I'm going to miss for instance when you'd mentioned a song like Traces of Love and In Seconds he'd be playing it.
So he hope you can keep it up.
I'll try.
Traces of Love by whoever.
If I had a computer that'd be a good start.
Oh, you don't have the computer that's right.
Yeah.
What do you want from him, Jerry?
He's got no no computer.
But this is how this is how cool George is.
George just text me a few minutes ago.
He said once a new computer gets in there and you want me to download the music and my music monkey or a monkey media.
He's going to come in and help me do that in his music monkey.
Yeah.
I don't know.
George had a music monkey.
We have an organ grinder with a monkey.
We never music monkey.
Yeah, George is listening.
Uh-oh.
Better say nice things about him.
George is listening.
It's just I mean, I don't know.
He just he was just always there.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I'm not saying I took him for granted, which I did not.
No.
Because I appreciate it in profusely.
There was nothing like being waking up in the morning sick as a dog and being able to reach over grab my crackberry and text him a message saying, boy, I'm sick as a dog today.
Can you please, uh, you know, you're on.
And within seconds, he'd write back.
He would text back.
No problem.
Got it.
Yep.
And I go back to sleep and hopefully recover from my ailments.
I got your bell disease.
There's one for a chicken act.
Joe Bell disease.
We got Bob Lasseter disease and Neil Rogers disease.
Now we need Joe Bell disease.
You ever catch that?
No.
Don't catch it.
It's a nasty one.
In fact, it seems to me that this whole swine flu thing that's on a way out.
They're going to be screaming about.
They'll have Sanjay Gupta under talking about Joe Belfrican disease.
We miss you already, George.
We're pissed off.
Here's one from sarcastic Sam and Boston.
Count me as one of the many who are p.o.d over what happened to George.
For the record, I originally believed George wasn't very good on you when he filled in for you during the summer schedule.
But that was years ago.
He improved a lot over time and currently I look forward to shows with George at the helm.
So now that George has worked so hard to improve his game and has worn so many hats to support the show in the station.
He gets screwed over.
That's right.
I hope he lands on his feet with his own show somewhere since Sam and Boston.
Thanks Sam.
I'm on behalf of George who is listening and he's going to do what he's going to bring in his music monkey.
Yep.
Traces of love by the classics for.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Make them do a flip then squeeze Take a little dip Shake them on the dip Make them do a flip then squeeze Okay, come on before noon at 5.50 WQ so let me ask you this what measures are they taking to try to get me out of my contract? Oh, I don't know. You don't know. No. Come on. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I mean they want. me out, right? You know that. Doesn't make any sense to me the highest rated show on. The station. So so I voting positions about money. I don't get it then on understand it very jack. Verse rates. this Rodriguez Exids orgasm. Little dusty QM. This is probably the fake. horse. who a hell knows all axis, what's all A imdija.
website has confirmed that long time easily sports WQAM AM AM in near Roger show producer
Georgia Rodriguez has been let go by the station's part of cost cutting measures. Rodriguez
served as a sidekick and fill-in host for Rogers for several years, 19 years to be exact.
APD promotions and marketing director assistant PD Malie Flea Feldman has been named Rogers
new producer and fill-in host and Rogers days off. Feldman worked with market manager Joe
Bell as PD Morningman at alternative WJBX Ford Myers has also served as APD MD at old
clear channel rock WZTA Miami and on the era of rock WSTV in Tampa. Rogers has been
complaining on the air about the station's round led Rodriguez go and claims to have a
clause in his contract allowing him to choose his own producer. Suffolored a Sun-Central
calmness Tom Jicker reported that the station and Rogers have battled over whether to use
best of tapes or live-host during Rogers annual summertime off. No, we aren't battling
over anything. There are going to be no tapes. Right. Rogers prefers a live show and Rodriguez
is hosted the show during the summer for several years. Let me say it again, no fricking
tapes. I think Joe Bell's got tapeworm. I think that's the problem. Maybe that explains
the size of his.
RACTIM
Prison Ford Lauderdale says considering all the responsibilities George handled and his
solid ratings filling in for you, I find it impossible to believe he didn't generate
more revenue for the station than he was paid in salary. Therefore, I don't believe just
a QM's justification for Georgia's termination. They don't have to justify anything. That's
the way businesses nowadays. They look at you across side. You're fired.
I believe the move was out of vengeance and bitterness and was completely personal. After
years of enduring your scathing, you have justifiable criticism of sports management.
The sport tards finally found a way to stick it to you. I don't blame you and I don't
blame flee. I blame Normans and Competence, but mostly I blame Joe Bell. There are many
crazy people in this town. If I were Joe Bell, I keep my head on a swivel for a while.
Good luck, Neil. Finally, Chris and Ford Lauderdale. Last night I said down and I typed out
a one or two sentence thing announcing that Georgia had been terminated. I sent it to a
fat Chris thinking he would put it on his one of the stories. I forwarded it to our news
thing.
He read it and he responded to me like I was a personal thing. But he didn't put it
on their fat Chris, but nevertheless, it's okay. Doug says sorry about George. The other
classic four song was stormy and then they eventually became the Atlanta rhythm section.
They did?
I didn't know that the classics four became the Atlanta rhythm section. Are you shmitting
me or what?
Wow. I'm so into you.
What?
I am so into you. I think that was one of their songs. You sucking up again?
Tealamon, no relation. I'm sure to farting Dave Lamont says I'm sorry to hear about George
just as everyone else's. I'm deeply appalled at this management's way of doing things.
Appalled spelled APPA ULED. They're probably doing the same if not most of all of their
stations, which leads me to this. You think they're having to deal with the performance
rights act bill that's affecting their other stations would be indirectly having an effect
at QAM. I drive for living. I'm usually listening to your show at least three of the four
hours you're on. I've been a faithful listener forever. I've never called but still enjoy
the show for many years. I'll probably continue to listen, but probably a lot less.
No disrespect to you, Neil. Keep up the good work, Neil. Let me just say this and you
can mark it down. George will resurface. Probably continue to listen, but probably a lot less.
Thanks a lot, Lamont, cranson.
Cliff and Kendall, who's a real fan, says anyone who thinks Neil didn't move heaven
on earth to try to help George is no fan. A pox on you all right. Yep. It took me a
while to digest the whole disgusting situation. Am I surprised that Beasley's shot down your
wingman? No. The Beasley's have a long twisted history of rewarding failure and punishing
success. That's correct. Maybe they'll bring back the Kenny and Blow morning show. Oh,
God. With Robert Greeper, the grim Reaper, the Lord of the board. Please know. I have to
say that George has played amazing grace and dignity over that three day long abortion
of a firing. I will truly miss his valuable contribution to the show. George, when fake
closes the door, oh, fate will open a window. May this change in direction turn into a great
opportunity for better things. Neil, the fact that the Beasley's are trying to make you
quit his blatantly obvious, not going to work. Boy, are they wasting their energy? Don't
they know they're just fanding the flames of that famous Neil Rogers determination? That's
right. I'm a survivor. I'll be here. The show must go on. I know you're going to squeeze
every damn dime out of the Beasley's. They agreed to. That's right. They'll rule the day they
chew George out of the bus. Based on the sounds coming from your Toronto location,
maybe George should look into the being a fire alarm test, your fire truck driver.
Maybe he can polish door knobs and bang on the floors in your condo building. Sounds like
steady work. Thanks, Thiffin Kendall. He's a good guy. He's a regular and not one of those
front running phonies. You know, when things are going good, oh, you guys are the greatest
and when things are going bad. Oh, whenever we're going to listen to you again, you suck. We hate you.
And etc. Barry Jackass is I wanted to say goodbye to George. Boy, Barry's just all over the place
today just foaming at the lip. Yeah. I wanted to say goodbye to George. I'm sure he's
listening today. I want he is. I was starting to really enjoy him and flew on the year he was
fighting himself. He got a raw deal. I hope you and he will be reunited down the line. I must say
with everything that's happened, please do yourself a favor and find a real agent. If you're
able to simulcast your show, perhaps it would give you a revenue stream to hire George direct.
Does your contract with WQM offer a simul casting on on BBG stations? Yes. You might want to
ask for the about this. Why would I want to ask you about it? I don't know. What though do you
know about my contract? Nothing. Everybody else is an expert on it though. Your contract says this
and your contract says that and normally didn't do this and normally blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And SILM says hello, Uncle Neil. I need to take this opportunity. First off, wish you a very happy
Thursday under the circumstances following this missile of George Rodriguez. In addition,
thank you copiously for many years of hilarities. Many years of hilarities.
I've been a lawyer listener for the past 18 years, although I'm saddened to know that George Rodriguez
lost his job yesterday, given the nature of the economy. However, I'm pleased to know that he's
no longer associated with the show really. For the past seven years or so, George have been
to the Ararja show with Paul Schaefer, the David Letterman show. The moment you allowed him to be a
little more interrelated with the show, all of a sudden he suffered from CSU can't show up.
Really? I didn't get that. I wish him the very best in his future and endeavors in the intervening
time the show must go on and we'll survive without him. Yours truly and SILM and SILM gives George
a couple of real shots. Paul Schaefer, my ass, least George has got some here. John says,
I must astonished your agent couldn't write a contract to ensure your choice and producers.
I always thought he had. This is a great school contract law. When idiot this man is George will
be missed. I'll continue to be a faithful listener and hope you keep us all informed about George's
future, whatever it may be. I will. I feel like I've lost a friend. Good luck to him.
Says John. Thanks John. I never thought there was any doubt that that was something I hadn't
control over but now I've lost total control. Content of the show, producer. What we can say, what we
can play if we can fart, if we can't fart, if it can be moist, moist, whatever. Here's one. It says,
just curious what legal loophole did the powers that be used to wiggle out of the contract provision
for George. Oh, here's another contract expert, right? What legal loophole? Ask normal. Let's give
us number out on the year and you can all have a good chat. He wants to be on there anyway. Normal.
Oh, no. You're listening to me. He's a real drug addict. Here we go again. I'm so sorry to
spoil you. I'll be with you later. 560 QA. This is Coach Dineshuler and I sound like Bob Hope on
acid and I want to tell you it's the 12 to 1 hour or whatever it is.
George George for Hey, my dream is big producer guy.
He's uncertain size. George George for Hey, my dream is ripped to the sun of a fish.
Don't give him no shit. With the boss like me, he's got a great deal.
He's moving and a brand new set of wheels. If you got the balls to give them a call,
just remember that he won't take your crap. These George George for Hey, my dream is clean as he can be.
You won't find no cheese. Don't give him no. QA. What do you want?
George George for Hey, my dream is critics.
Univ. Oh, come on at 560 WDQ. I am the new Roger show minus George with flea.
What? Oh, the fake John Maynard Keen's rights, sorry to become somewhat chronic with the emails,
but some things need to be said. I wonder if Joe considered the potential loss that
stacking George could cause to the station or lots of people were initially put off by a sitting
in for you. It seems he won lots of listings over recent years. That is correct.
What really does WQ ever say by getting rid of him? What do they lose? This is the type of
shortsight of thinking that's infected the world of management, fret over dimes at the expensive
dollars. I hope George finds his own show and fast, spikens, spuds, even on podcast. I'd
like to say thanks again to the entertainment Neil. You're the best. This is the fake John Maynard Keen's.
Maybe we can get George on serious. Maybe Greg Vudell can come up.
I have a friend that works here. Do you? And I can make a call, although they won't pay him much.
I don't have to move to either New York or Washington DC. No.
Here's a real joke. Why isn't George abeasily helping George out? She tried. She did? Yep.
What does she do? Call her grandfather. And guess it didn't work.
She has no clout. I guess not. She called her grandpa on behalf of George. Well, isn't that sweet?
She's a nice lady. Little crazy, but she's nice. Is she really? Little nuts.
Bring the good way. Why? She's crazy, but in a good way.
Keep in mind, this is your first official day on this job.
And you rip in Georgia, beasley and call her a crazy bitch or whatever you said.
Is that what you said? Okay. Is nobody said we got it on tape? Are you sure?
Pretty sure.
Uh-huh. Traces is Denysios to died about six months ago. This is from my death man,
Bos, Bos, Florida, who sends me all the obits. I'm sure we had that on the air when it happened,
but it just so did you remember that Denysios to the classics for it, croaked?
Not me either. He died about six months ago. Denysios. I just vaguely remember it now.
Remember getting all excited on here and agitated. Oh, not Denysios. He was good. He had a good voice.
Rick says a 10 share in 2001. What the F are the beesleaves doing?
Idiot once said that if an aid broken things are going well, then tweak it.
Any smart broadcaster would look for ways to keep your numbers going, for ways to improve a
palm what was making the station money. Now with management restricting your material,
cutting out an integral part of your show, George, and just generally making your life miserable,
they think that'll improve their bottom line. Nothing against flea, but I can already tell
that the show is not moving as smoothly as it has in the past. You hear that? Wow.
It's not moving as smoothly. What is it that you're doing wrong, flea?
I guess I'm moving awfully slow. I don't know. Good luck, Neil. Good luck, Flea,
filling George's shoes and definitely good luck to George. By the way, Flea, keep looking
over your shoulder. The Turk could be coming at any time. Suspere. The Turk.
Watch out for the knife. Only in matters of business. The fake David Horowitz is,
flea is a Jew with a bunch of questions. Marks will that explain everything now, doesn't it? No,
it does not. What do they mean? All the other Jews are getting canned. Yeah. Doesn't explain
anything. Why you're a make-believe Jew anyway? You're not for real. That's true.
I, of course, being a dietary Jew and I admit it. See, I once upon a time, I remember something
called ethical Judaism, which is to me what Judaism was all about. That's how it was presented to me as a child.
We had something to do with liberalism and all that. Then we started getting all these
self-hating right-wing Jews. Jew Lieberman in that crowd. Michael Midved. Oh my god.
And so I realized that the part of Judaism that really stuck with me was the food, the
blinces, the lockies, all that stuff, all the good stuff, Kishki, Griveness. I bet you never even
heard a Griveness, much less ever had any. I don't think I ever had it. No, I've heard of it,
but I don't think I've had it. Never had no Griveness. No. Onions with chicken fat.
Fried. Sounds good. Give you such a jade you could just scream.
Leslie says, this is bull Joyce. George is part of the stick. We'll miss you, George. George says
Leslie. Thanks Leslie. Jay from Cooper City says hello, Neil and Flea. I'm hurt that George is
no longer part of the show, but as long as you're still on here, that's all that matters. You are the
show. Keep up the good work. PS. Oh boy. First he, you know, looks my Tushy and then he goes, uh,
go ahead. Why are there no audio clips of go ahead on your website?
We want want. Go ahead because it's not on there. It's not going to be on there.
Everything they want for free, everything they want when they want it, where they want it.
The fake dick chain, he says, give it a norm and find a real shriest, dude,
you can find a loophole in your contract for George. Does Norma get a bonus when some poor
Slob gets hand probably? George, if Neil reads this and you're listening, keep your chin
and your pants up around, uh, you, Joe and Norma, oh, I see, keep your pants up around, Joe and
Norma. They'll drill you again. Says Dick, chainy. 1245 votes on the poll. That's because I haven't
come up with a new one. We need some polls on there on the website. My God. I'm down to like four or
five and they're also bad. I wouldn't use them on your show if you had one. They're bad.
Oh, and here's more emails. Neil, I don't blame you for George's firing. I blame George Bush for
the current state of the economy. Everybody's getting fired or going bankrupt. Yeah, everybody's
getting screwed. Smokey and Oakland Park. I can't believe the George is actually gone. I thought
he was part of your crew and as such, maybe included in your contract with QAM. He was with you
before QAM and very loyal to you. Are you pulling with Howard Stern did when WNBC fired Robin by
continuing your show to not give QAM what they're after? You're a rectum. What does that mean? I don't
know. I like your show. I've ever made the priority to listen during the summers because George is
great. He targeted the younger audience and I enjoy his shows more so than yours. Wow. This is a
shame as I probably won't tune his off and as as before, especially now during the summer when George
scores another gig. Please announce it on the year so I can tune in. Thank you.
And here's the thing on Wikipedia already on May 13th 2009. It was announced that but not confirmed
that Rodriguez was being fired by QAM. I had a.
Rodriguez future with the show has been the topic of interest in the South Florida media,
including the Sun sent a newspaper and broadcast journalist fat man after dark. Oh my god.
Broadcast journalist my ass. Are you ready for that? Probably Mr. Radio.
As George would say another pimply faced fat ass showdown loser. Right.
Eric says this is outrageous. The beastly suck. I'm a lawyer listener. Feel that what happened yesterday
was outright wrong and George is definitely getting the show at the end of the deal. Incredible
that QAM don't care about the best show they have on their station. Joe Bell should be fired for
being an idiot. Oh wait a minute. They'd have to fire the entire station except for you in
flee. George had it so much to the show. George made me laugh with his comments and remarks. I'll
miss him. I wish him the very best hope to hear him soon on the airways again. I will always
keep listening to the show and hope you keep up to date with what George is doing. Yes, I will.
I'll try. Keep up the great work you're doing. Thank you for keeping us entertained.
As Eric and Miami. Oh here's George Sedanos agent back again. Tim Jones ready for this. Yeah,
the one I couldn't spell his name right. Right. That's right. The one I kept spelling it with two ends.
He's got an end problem on his typewriter like James Conn did in misery. Remember he had a problem with
the ends. Right. Neil, I'm very sorry to hear what's happening. You're producing George
Rodriguez. I've been out of town for the last week. I just got back in town this morning and that's
when I heard the bad news about George. I wish I was the one who wrote up your latest contract with QAM.
I would have made I would have made sure. Oh my god. Talk about it. Literate. I would have made
sure George was protected from this happening to him. If you would like for me to go over your
current contract with you, I can do so free of charge. I'll bet. Even though I haven't got to
reply from you about our luncheon, it's not too late for you to hire me as your new agent.
I'm sending out my deepest sympathies for George and his family. Please let me know if there's
anything I can do. Please let me know. George Sedanos agent Tim Jones. Right. Yeah. Send money.
Yeah. Send him a bunch of money. Tim. Send him a bag full of money. Big bills. Hundreds,
50s, thousands. Atlanta. Somebody cares about this. The Atlanta rhythm section, sometimes known as
IARS, is an American Southern rock band. It unofficially formed in 1970 as former members of the
Candyman and the Classics 4 became the session band in the newly opened studio one in Doraville,
Georgia near Atlanta. It says that said about Jorge. Now I can't listen to Sub's Clomenon anymore.
Joe Bell needs a chainsaw up his rectum deep. Chain saw. John and Lake Worcesters have
feel compelled to chime in as well as over this George situation. To let someone go help out
your show over the over the top on multiple ratings, books bringing in countless thousands of
dollars in advertising revenue simply makes no sense. And that's the reason he was let go. Your
station has progressively gotten worse over the years with a firing of Hank. No signal to speak of.
The ridiculous neutering of the fart sounds. In other words that are frequently said on prime time
TV. Bad decisions continue to be made and this is just one more example. Loyalty hard work success
doesn't matter any longer in this country of ours. If it ain't broke, we must try to fix it.
If the listers in the Beasley motto very sad indeed. He's a talented young guy. I'm sure
Atlanta is fake. George, if you're listening, we'll miss you. John and Lake Worc.
And it goes on and on. I'm weak. My kishis are aching. You know what I mean? I had this yesterday too.
Aking kishis. You know what that is? I think so. I'm not going to try to speak either.
I wish with a goiish or couple like you would have made believe you who don't even know what kishis he is.
Did you ever have kishis with gravy? Yes. Did you? Good stuff, man. Yeah. Probably if that deli and Tampa.
Remember the deli and Tampa was open for about a half an hour. No, I don't actually.
There was one when we went over to do the S.U. End show as they brought food into me and last
not too many Jews in Tampa. Oh, I would say right there on Dale Maybey, there's a big
shul I know that I remember driving by it. Yeah. No, the one I'm talking about. Yes, I do actually.
Right on Dale Maybey. It's kind of scenic theory, you know. Yeah. It's the start looking at the
people. The red necks, the mugwumps, the Trogelites. Oh, operator error. Oh, not good.
Oh, it says, let's just skip this part. Okay. Is that okay? Sure. Ishma says, you know, Ishma, Ishma Ahmed.
Mm hmm. Jobelle's next tactic will be to play tapes during the summer. He knows everyone will
complain about fleeing Josh doing the show who sound terrible and sound like two gay men gossiping.
Jobelle will tell you we're playing tapes. If you don't like it, walk. I'm not walking anywhere. I
mean, walk from one machine to another to the T room at Woodbuy and that's about all the walk and I'm
doing. You have a week contract. You have a week contract. You have a week of the right to all the
tapes. Ishma was an expert like all these other people are all experts. Yeah. And then amazing,
how many experts there are on my contract and my life on George on this and everybody's a fricking
expert. Yep. One thing about me, I've been around a long time and I haven't met too many experts
on too many different topics. Even all these people, I still don't have a new poll for tomorrow.
Pretty weak. Pretty weak efforts. Now let me just give you the ones that I got on there.
And that's Canadian rock band or singer. We've already done that a million times. Yeah.
You want to do that one? Okay. Whatever you want to do. I bought for rush.
It's on there. There's a lot of them not on here. Brian Adams. Brian Adams. Oh my god. Yeah, he's bad.
Nickelbacks, Canadian band. They're not on here. They should be. They're huge. Yeah, they're big.
I think I don't have a name too.
So, Indian?
She's Canadian, all right? Yeah, unfortunately. I sure hope that Amstery Lankans are
to do it again today every day. Now they're tying up the streets here. These are crazy people.
The Tamil Tigers. Screw the Tamil Tigers.
You could do best Canadian comedian. There's been some good ones. No, it's not really on there.
I already sent it to. Let me see. Sent items. Eric. He's got Jesu's super tramp.
Rush, America, Neil Young, Gordon Lightfoot and Marie, Clantu, the poses. I changed my vote
then I go with super tramp. Not rush? No, I take super tramp. Now what about what's your name?
The cute little blonde singer. What's your name? Avril Lavigne. Avril Lavigne. Not a fan.
It's wrong with she is. She's chop liver. Well, once we get this on there tomorrow, you'll add to it.
Yeah, we'll need to add nickel back for sure. Okay, well don't keep that in mind. Okay, don't forget.
Make a note to yourself. Done. Are you good at that kind of stuff? You must be with 15 different
jobs to do. Yeah, I got to write stuff down everywhere. Here's the poll. Who is the most hated
bigoted, hateful bigoted right wing ultra right wing radio host ever. I don't think I read that too well.
255 votes because we've headed on their way too long because we don't have a new poll. Well,
we do, but it's not up yet. Rush Limbaugh, 760, 770 over 61%.
Michael Savage, 249. After that, small potatoes. Sean Hannity, 85, Laura, and Graham, 41.
Glenn Beck, 36. Mark Levin, 33. Dennis Miller, 18. Hugh, Hugh, 13. Michael Medved, 9, and Dennis
Prager 5. You're missing somebody. What? You're missing somebody. Who's that? Sephela.
Jimmy Cifalus. Yeah, yeah, that's a good one. Jimmy Cifalus, what about Todd Schmidt,
Meister? Oh, yeah, that one too. MJ. Let's, let's get him both on there. Him. Oh, yeah, MJ. MJ
and what's his name? Yeah, him and Bubba hate each other like poison. Evidently, they're in court.
They're suing their vis through that. Yeah. A lot of hostility there in that Tampa market, a lot
of bitterness and hate. And I thought Ann Kulter would be good to that list, but I guess she doesn't
have a talk show. Thank God. Yeah. Lauren says so much for those eight holes and
thought this was sick. That is correct. I feel bad for my job for George. My wife recently lost
her job and I have some inkling what he's going through. At least I still have a job. His wife
may have to get up off her duff. I didn't always care for his choice of topics during his
fillings, but for the most part, he did a great job and apologies to flee. You couldn't have a
better producer than George. I don't believe that said anything to do with money. At least not
explained by QAM is George costing so much more than Curtis, whoever works roses show where
the big O now. Now that's a firing at could support he says. Or should we also expect Joe
roses or landows and mad dogs producers to go out the same door in the same way as George?
Flea better get your rest because you're going to be working for free as the producer of all the
shows all day long at QAM. Yeah, he'll do it. George from a purely selfish standpoint. I hope he
here again somewhere in the dial preferably alongside Neil and on the station opposite QAM in this
time slot getting big numbers as QAM's dwindle. But from your standpoint, use this as a positive
opportunity. Get out of radio while you still have your sanity. Good luck to George and Neil and
even to flee even to flee boy. Wow. Talk about condescending.
Here's one from a sale. Why did they renews your contract if they wanted to be a sports only station?
Maybe because they want to have some numbers. Maybe because this is the one show that I always
made the money. Unlike the dolphins and unlike the hurricanes and unlike the marlins and a lot of
the sports will that they put on the air over the years. Would they lost a bundle on the marlins?
Then they kept having to go to court to sue every time the marlins would debol the team. You know,
like after they won a World Series, those two times then they would debol the team and put a little
league team out there. And then have to sue to try to like, you know, boost the broadcast rights way
down. Remember that? Yes, I did. Oh, not Patricia Walters again. She put a really, really nasty
email on here yesterday just slicing my ass. He says, flee is a traitor to George.
Joe Bell put the knife in but flee was the one who sharpened it for him. Beware of flee.
He is like that one Jew back in the concentration camps who'd pretend to be your friend. But then
we'll go to the Nazi guards and tell them what everyone in was up to. This woman is a crazy,
crazy bitch. Yeah. She is. Sounds like it. She sent me a psychotic hospital email yesterday,
the likes of which I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler and her. What a sour. I said that yesterday too.
Sorry, Patricia, but you're a sour. You're a hateful, nasty bitch. Go mind your own business. Okay,
rush hour. Go out there and demonstrate with the Sri Lankans in the middle of university avenue
at about 430 in the afternoon. What do you know about Sri Lanka? Nothing. Good. All I know is that
those people are like 200,000 of them here and they're opiniony ass. Oh, we want the Canadian
government to intercede and stop the killing. We want the US government in front of the US embassy,
which is on university avenue, which is like one of the main downtown roads here. Every day,
Queens Park, Blocking, Sri Lankans. Everybody's got an astagrime. You know what? I think we ought to be
out in the middle of university drive, uh, bitching about George getting canned. That would be a protest
worthwhile, right? Yeah. Why do you say yeah? Because I'd like George to come back. You would? Yes.
Then you'd lose this high paying gift. Yeah. And I'm always supposed to really believe this.
That you're getting paid nothing to do this. I am getting paid nothing to do this.
Not a penny. Just my salary. And if you, uh, what they did tell me is, I guess I will get George's
bonuses that he, whatever his bonus structure was. So whatever that is. You're going to get George's
bonuses. Well, not the one he just earned. Right.
What's going to be bonuses from the show what they're doing with you got to be kidding me. Right, I know.
Neil God.
Manning have a seat. We're sorry, but the stodger organization has to suspend you for 50 games due to
your failed drug test. Was it the marijuana? Was it the cocaine? No, it was. What about the
quailudes? No. The bite that out the estrogen replacement? God, no, man, he was for performance
enhancing drugs. So it wasn't a heroin? Manning, just stop talking. Get out of here and go relax.
Maybe I should take some oxygen. They don't call me down real fast.
Superdram was British, not Canadian. I didn't think they were Canadian and they weren't.
Here's a really stupid one from Jorge and Miami. All these people are experts like I told you before.
Everybody in South Florida is an expert. Neil, how can this relankans be demonstrating in front of the
US Embassy in Toronto with the Canadian capital is Ottawa? Oh, well, guess what there? Because there is a
US Embassy in Toronto right on University Avenue, Schmuck. Just like I'm sure there's a US Embassy in
Vancouver and all the other large cities in the country. Montreal, whatever. And of course,
in Ottawa, which is the capital. Believe you, me, I know the US Embassy. I've been inside of it. We
have a lot of people here. Very jackass is please note. See, I'm not the one talking about
Simon Casting and Show. All you fake e-mailers are who are full of crap. You're the ones talking
all this garbage. Please take note. Simon Casting and Show will take some effort. Don't hold your
breath for Norma. Can't do something on your behalf. Wait for your phone to ring. I'm not.
Since Lee was a clear channel employee, perhaps he has some connections and can be a goal between
for you. Yeah. Have him gauge clear channels interest in Simon Casting and Show on TKS in Orlando.
Clear channel also has an FM talk station in Palm Beach, ZZR. Bob and Tom in the mornings,
love doctors, mid days. But a beat bit of boot bit of pop. All of you people talking about crap.
Everybody's a radio expert. Now everybody's an agent. Everybody's an expert. Like I said,
everybody in South Florida is an expert. You pick the topic. They're an expert. They'll tell you.
Yes. Somebody e-mailing the contact information for that station in Orlando. We've already got it.
Yeah. There's no interest there. There's no offers. There's no nothing. Nobody's calling Norma.
Nobody's calling me. Nobody is. It's just all fake. Like Greg Budell and Sirius XM,
same garbage. The fake Greg Budell.
Mark Levin is a rabid self-hating Jew right wing talk show host. It says who can be heard
nightly on W.I.O.D. He's also the mentor to Sean Hannity. His entire show is nothing but
vitriol-expued toward liberals, progressives, and of course, Democrats. He's also a lawsuit
happy lawyer who sleeps 365 24 seven with a schmata on his head. How do you like that? He's a schmata head.
Wow.
Neil super tramp was British not Canadian. The band who once backed Bob Dylan were four fits
Canadian and Loppet and those Udlisten's his peat and Tampa. The band. Well, when we get to that
pole, uh, whenever, then we can add, subtract whatever. Super tramp my ass.
Now, let's see if Eric's got the new pull up. They're ready to go. I doubt it. Let's see.
Now, not yet. Maybe Eric's having a few lunches. Who knows?
Well, here's a poll suggestion from the fake Andy Griffin.
What's your take on the firing of George? Should we do that one? Sure.
I'm pissed off and fired up. Good riddance. It's about time. It sucks, but I'll adjust. I'll never
listen again after today, et cetera. Andy in Western suggests when George was starting to get
really, really good by himself, they fire him unbelievable. That is. Yeah. No, it's very
believable for them. They have a death wish. If it's good, they don't want it. And like George
always said, and I think he probably said it too many times, if they like it, it's going to suck
and it's going to fail. Remember how many times he said that? Lots. The dows of 68 points.
And there's the president's town hall meeting in Albuquerque, New Mexico. You believed that in a time
of great inequality. We could restore a sense of fairness to our con. Oh, yeah, fairness.
There ain't no such thing as fairness. No, Mo. Here's one from John ZTR. Haney, I'm listening to the show.
Now I still can't believe George was let go. I wish I could express my anger by punching Joe
Berlin the nuts. Wow. I hope it gets a better job somewhere else. I still can't believe it.
Believe this or not, it's unbelievable. This can't be real. Anyway, Neil, good luck and take
here. I'll send more movies to the station and flee before them to Neil. Yes, he will. Yes.
Will you? Sure. No, he'll steal them and take them home. If they're good.
John ZTR. Oh my god. Mike says from the era of the Grand Union grocery stores, I've been loyal
listener and occasionally sent an email, not a chronic. Sorry to hear about George, I've been listening
lately to the sack about his pending doom. Hopefully, Helena's feet, maybe he'll get a show of his own
with suds. I'll continue to listen. Hope for the best for your show. If all else fails, go ahead,
says Mike. Go ahead. Go ahead. Well, here's a poll idea. Which chronic would you prefer to see
get drawn and quartered? Sure. Vincent says I'm disappointed in WQM management. George was
hitting his stride filling in for you. He really went into great detail on how religion is
nothing but garbage. He sounded like he was having a great time at Gulf Stream and gave great tips
on cool websites and how to fix your computer if it went down. He'll be mistr momentously since
he'll be Vincent's teeth. Thanks, Vincent. What in my, what in God's name is this thing? Tom Jicca,
the fake Tom Jicca, of course, radio blog posted by Dave Hyde.
And it's just a narration of Dave Hyde and they are some, I don't know what this is.
A bunch of crap from the fake Tom Jicca.
It says I believe there are consulates in the large Canadian cities, not an embassy.
Oh, they're called the US consulate, the US, well, whatever the hell it's called.
Well, let's nitpick about it. Where you say, what you made a mistake? Whatever the hell it's called.
US consulate, US embassy, whatever it's called. It's a big ugly building with tree blankets running
around with signs and placards and flags in front of it. I think that's the tree blanket,
national anthem. Yeah, let's all sing it together. That was up 71 points and the president's
in the Albuquerque, New Mexico. Don't be jerky. I'll see you in Albuquerque.
They were been there? Never. Why not? I've just never had the opportunity. I heard it's pretty though.
It is very scenic when you drive through New Mexico. You see all those,
the last, last montagne, yes, all that crap. Let's see if Eric's got the new pull up about
getting out. Not yet. Maybe Eric's not even home as he in his little box. I don't know. Let me
look at my computer. Oh, that's right. You don't have a computer there. Sorry.
I can't believe, well, I can't believe because that's George. You know, he really cares about this show.
Yeah. And he still obviously still feels like part of it.
But the fact he offered to come in and give you his, um,
media monkey, media monkey.
I mean, what kind of guy would do that today after he gets canned? Uncertainly,
canned, fired at it, shoved out the door.
Nice going, Norma, can't all these years you had me convince George was protected.
Not something we'd even ever have to worry about. And then, oh, geez,
well, about to be put a hoop, but a bump and Joe was on. He's unpersuaded.
Even on his legal letterhead, it didn't persuade them. No.
Even signing it, Norman Elliott Kent, it didn't persuade them to do the right thing.
They laugh at you, Norma. They laugh at you like a circus clown.
Oh, Neil! Yeah, listen to Neil Rogers. This station stands for nothing.
Monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, he's a monkey, where all monkeys down.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, he's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
Swinging, free to trade, we scream at squat and shout.
No response, I bet that this is what we're all about.
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We don't do anything, we're told because we don't know how.
The brush, I keep the comb, our hair, we don't even wear clothes.
Will I go make your quiz, he wears our private boxx paws.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, he's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We're not well-mannered, we'll be hate, we just love to drop straw.
Well, don't come from here, we'll make your laugh until we are bad.
Then we'll lay down, scratch our butt, and say to watch you, I'll turn red.
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, he's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that cat or horse or cow.
We're smelly, and we like it, and we've heard the things you said.
Don't come from within, we've been seen, we've been seen, we've been seen.
And I saw a wheel that's on your head.
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We're just free to treat, we're free to ask for ketchup.
Now this boxx, I bet that this is what we're all about.
1242 at 560s, 72m.
Somebody says it's going around, Miami Heat reduces staff, including Wally Jones.
Who?
Former NBA star Wally Jones held several basketball camps for kids of special needs
during his tenure with the heat.
The economic downturn has reached the American Airlines Marine Offices of the Miami Heat
with the NBA team this week announcing a round of layoffs that includes popular community
affairs liaison Wally, WALI, Wally Jones, among others.
It's the current economic climate that's excuse for everything.
You didn't Chrysler announced they're going to shut down like 800 showrooms today.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Here's one, I guess this is a poor idea thus far, what do you miss about your age?
What does that mean?
Meaning me?
Meaning the listeners, I guess.
Oh.
Here's one that says Obama looking for the runaway bride, now a kirkie, yeah, he's, he
made a stop at 711, I got a blueberry slurpee.
This one says, I love your show.
Eastern financial got taken over several weeks ago, but they still have ads on the internet
of your show.
Have George looking at what?
What does that mean?
Eastern financial.
I don't know.
Got taken over several weeks back, but they still have ads on the internet of your show.
I don't know what that means.
I have no idea.
And neither do you.
I thought maybe I was getting old and slipping, you know, which I am, but never less.
Sun came out today.
How do you like that?
It was cloudy and murky earlier and raining.
And now the sun and shine is going to be 66, not bad.
One day soon, it's going to be 77.
Mike Johnson says after pondering this last evening, I'm surprised they decided to cut
George's position when I see several other areas where cost could be eliminated.
One sales staff, evidently, are carrying their weight with the press ad revenues, less
ads being taught, but should mean less sales.
Oh, they cut their, they cut their commission down what?
Twice about minus 10.
They cut it twice.
Yeah, they cut it twice already.
They have to pay to get in the door in the morning and have donuts and coffee to having
rock solid sports show host during two hour bridge shows five days a week.
Three, having host go on said that this goes on and on and on, Mike.
Oh my God.
Sorry, Deventon, get all pissed off and fired up at the George Farring has me quite bothered.
Me too.
Nothing personal, please, is Mike.
Nope.
Oh, it goes on and on and on and on.
It's just too long and too much too much verbiage, Mike.
Sorry.
Oh, and here's one little shot from Ron Bailey in spite of all your so called efforts.
Let me print it out.
It's teeny tiny print.
Why is it that some of the emails coming in teeny tiny print?
I don't know.
I guess the font on their computer.
There what?
I guess the font that they're using on their computer.
Well, why?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I got news for you, Mr. Rigo.
You're not going to be on this show about come, heller high water.
We're not talking about you about your lame entourage and going to happen.
Ron says subject firing of George, but of all your so called efforts, the bottom line
is you failed miserably to protect George.
You should have written him into your contract as your sidekick, not your producer, you
schmuck, you smuck, SMUCK, smuck.
You make fun of how it's during the sidekick Robin, but how it would never allow any
station manager to fire Robin.
Maybe that's the difference between a straight guy and a homo, so much for a homo loyalty.
Yeah, it's got to do with homo, yeah.
Yeah, it's got to do with being gay.
That's it.
You tried, man, you tried hard.
I tried feverishly, frantically.
I was sick to my stomach when I left here yesterday.
And then 15 minutes later, there's the call from George and there was no doubt.
I already knew.
Yeah.
Doug says, Neil, are you going to sit there and tell me, oh, and everybody else that George
couldn't make enough money by doing spots appearances.
He could have done the stories and then he threw a little something every now and then
even if there's no bonus.
Yeah, that's right.
He would have made up his saddle.
I've been doing a few spots and appearances, not idiot.
It says, and there's something mysteriously missing from all this.
George, abeasedly, I thought they were friends.
It says, friends.
Did you say, Georgia tried to go to bat?
She did.
Gornish, helping.
It didn't help.
Yeah.
There were a lot of people try to go to bat for George, but they were adamant.
They were just stubborn and impossible.
There isn't a person in this building that didn't like George.
That's right.
That's correct.
Except for Joe Bell.
Despite of what he told him to his face about how much he likes him and he loved him
on the year in Yadayani.
See, when you tell so many lies, when you tell so many stories out of all sides of your
ass like Joe Bell does, they come back to slapping in the O'cheek.
Oh, well, I like flea on the year better than George and he goes out.
I'm worried about Neil's health and he's out sick so much.
Yadayani, Yadayani, and this summer and all this other crap.
They tell George how much he liked him on the year, which is what he always told me.
J.P. says, so what's going to happen now on days when you're gone?
Flea and Josh Cordis is what he can tell us so far.
So far?
I don't know how much I can even brand and even brand and cave down on the Josh Cordis
thing, which that just shocked me.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Well, wait till you hear this from the fake Tom jikker.
I'm getting inquiries from Perry Michael Simon with all access.
Who the hell is that?
I don't know.
And other industry insiders on your interest in simulcasting your show.
Apparently the real radio or land of rumors are starting to circulate.
Has the station contacted you?
No.
Have you contacted Clear Channel?
No.
Is there anything to report?
No.
No.
No.
No.
All about your bull crap.
I made up in your head.
The fake Tom jikker.
And the fake Barry Jackass and the fake Jimmy Cifalus and the fake this one and the fake
George is right about that.
Yeah.
The number of real people out there sending emails, having anything to say about anything
is so minuscule, you can put in a thimble and have room for both the Joe Bells cheeks left
over and fat boy and fat man after dark.
Redlands Jim and Jan say near were amazed at the release of George in a Paul the manner
which this was done.
At least they spelled a Paul right.
As I said yesterday, we are loyal listeners, but now I'll be able to get some things
done around the farm this summer as George will not be on the air.
We will greatly miss his shows.
Redlands Jim and Jan.
Yeah.
Good people.
They came by with food one day.
They did?
Yeah.
Oh, good stuff too.
What did they bring?
They brought some oatmeal cookies that were really good and some of these cinnamon rolls.
Oh man.
Let me tell you.
Is this part of the plot to get me killed?
Is Joe Bell putting you up to get me killed cinnamon rolls?
No.
Next thing I'll be going to a mall where there's a cinnamon bun.
They were good and they brought the, I guess they make the strawberry jam out there.
They jam on it?
Oh.
They jammed on it well.
Did you ever stand next to a cinnamon and it looked like a shopping mall and just sniffed?
Yeah.
I think you actually gained five pounds just from sniffing.
Mmm.
The aroma could put you in a diabetic coma.
I'm telling you.
Is that good?
Yep.
Mmm.
Timothy says not Canadian meaning super tram.
From England, even though we located a California in the early 80s.
A couple of other non-connects on the list too, but didn't catch you while laughing about
super tram.
So sorry to hear about George.
Maybe you should try legal later to lawyers on the back of matchbooks.
That's right.
Flea is okay.
He'll be fine.
He's in a very tough position between a rock and a hard place.
Yeah.
You're in a difficult position.
I hope you realize that.
I'm sure you do.
I'm sitting.
You're in a very, very difficult position.
I changed my vote back to Rush Dance in super tram English.
Super tram is not Canadian.
Never have been, never will be.
Even if they come and visit the US consulate on University Avenue.
With or without a bunch of crazy Sri Lankans demonstrating in front, tying up the streets.
What else Canada going to do about Sri Lanka?
What are they going to do?
Drop nuclear weapons on Sri Lanka?
Guess what?
Canada don't have any.
And if Canada wants to sacrifice a bunch of soldiers, they already done that in Afghanistan.
100 and some odd.
Dead.
Holly says I was very sorry to hear about George's firing.
I was always fascinated by his shows on religion.
How is fleas knowledge on the subject?
What do you know about religion?
You heath and vast?
Would you fake Jew?
What I learned from George?
Oh.
You keep saying that there will be no best of kneel tapes.
What can toward you really have over that?
Is that in the same contract that said you had your choice to produce?
Holly's giving me a little stoch there, huh?
A little bit.
I have been and will always be a lawyer listener.
Good luck, George.
Hang in there, kneel always, Holly.
I thought Holly was my friend.
She's giving me a stoch.
This is not the time to be giving me a shot, Holly.
Now the kneel is down and depressed and morbid.
That's when they take the shots, though.
That's right.
When you're down, that's when they, you know, just like buzzards, like vultures, the old
turkey vultures.
They come in waiting to feed on the dying decaying carcass.
Oh my God.
Andre's a waspom.
Who's your favorite character from the Godfather movies?
Like we haven't done that 50,000 times.
That's his poll idea.
Oh my God.
My Johnson's is sorry to be so lengthy.
I'll just summarize the three points I was making.
One, why send a host of the senior bull and run up the food airfare and alcohol bill
to paying high prices for dolphin and hurricane broadcasts?
And three, have one station manager for South Florida and Southwest Florida.
Hope that's more concise.
Yes, it is my mic.
Thank you.
Wow.
Pusel, I'm a pussy footer.
I was thinking about him a little while ago.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because he's one of my long-old-time myspace correspondents.
And the myspace people, do you know how many myspace emails I've had about this in the last two days?
How many?
Take a guess.
Four.
Guests again.
Zero.
Right.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
None.
None.
Molder says, sorry to hear about George.
I listened to the archives of this morning yesterday show.
It sounded like bad news for George.
What's going to happen next?
Hope they're not gunning for you.
I'm sure they are.
After all of it, I still love the show.
It's his Molder.
Well, thanks, Molder.
Christ the eliminate moves to eliminate 789 of 3200 dealers.
And what's going to happen to all those people who work in all those dealerships?
Right.
That's what.
They're going to get George.
They're going to get Hank and they're going to get George.
That's what's happening in your America.
What happened with all these new jobs that they're creating?
I don't know.
I haven't seen it yet.
I don't either.
I don't know where they are.
Maybe they're in Albuquerque.
Is it as bad in Canada as it is here?
Yes.
Almost.
Pretty bad.
Everybody's got to work.
Everybody's crying.
Puselinamist Pussyfooter says,
some of the list in reaction to George's termination is so wildly off the mark I had to make these comments.
For those who seek to make George into a simple-minded martyr, they're insulting his intelligence.
George, who obviously was very smart, had to be aware of his circumstances.
Working in the hostile environment of a station where jocks sniffing,
not competent job performance was the most valued attribute an employee could possess.
Seeing the pay cuts and other cost-cutting measures that were going on around him,
such as the termination of Allison,
George had to know that he was likely targeting the next round of Beesley ordered cost-cutting.
I'm sure he wasn't the back of his mind preparing for what took place yesterday.
George was a real original,
and that vein that were times went on air, he would drive me crazy,
such as the awful musical selections as verbal interactions with clueless,
fist-melting, Lucy, and so on,
but his positive attributes far outweigh those annoyances.
What I want out of radio personality is entertainment,
not a sickle fan is going to agree with me 100% of the time,
and George provided that.
He'll be missed.
I hope he'll be appreciated, but more by management is next position.
As far as Joe Bell and Clarence goes,
there are subhuman anxiousnesses all too well-known.
No one should have expected them to look for alternative cost-cutting measures
when the elimination of George's position proved such an easy-expidient solution.
The fact that cutting George removed a person who had never hesitated to state his disgust
with the jocque worship sickness that permeates the rest of QA
and was only a bonus to these knee-and-it-thalls,
and by the way, no one has to wonder how that stations under heavy financial constraints
terminates a senior producer, but finds it possible to keep a website flunky like Cortis on-step,
but that's a subject for another email.
How do you like that? He hasn't even started with you yet.
We're already ripping Cortis.
He is a flunky.
He's one? A flunky.
And Neil, as far as Mr. Feldman goes,
I urge you within the boundaries of the consummate professionalism that you've always exhibited
to be very wary of this person,
whatever else one could say about George,
he was always looking out for your best interests.
Whether Mr. Feldman will do so,
or whether he's loyal to his element that I remain to be seen.
You even said that?
Yeah.
He's a joebell suck-up.
Trust has to be earned.
In closing, Neil, I assure you the greatest minute of your listeners understand
the circumstances under which these events took place.
I'm confident they'll remember why they're Neil Rogers listeners.
The loss of George will change the show,
but it won't change the most important thing that has made you're showing an important part of my life over the last 21 years.
You, a nearly forever,
Pusel Anomas, pussy footage.
I'm Neil!
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
I just pray you quit.
I like to shape my legs, arms, and buns,
while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
I can't remember back in Haiti or was school.
I said when I drove up, that's what I wanted you.
But now it's run by creating corporate holes and zones.
That only there about the bottom might not you.
They are of infinite power and no end.
Being part of the CEO is that he pushes friends.
Until the toe has been for you to be here instead.
Thank you, oh, no.
Your race was wired up.
Thank you, oh, no.
They confident they're gentle, the lady of size.
We're gentle, the lady of size.
It's a morning as the talent is gone.
The sound says ain't no matter where you are.
The cyber radio you can talk with, take it's place.
They open the satellite to orbit out and take.
And find a way for thousands of hours as a fan.
And keep my track, take it, just on the lane on the end.
Hey, oh, yeah, not in this far-fetch.
We're gentle, the lady of size.
We're gentle, the lady of size.
We're gentle, the lady of size.
We're gentle, the lady of size.
101 at 560 WQM, it's our big 1 to 2 hour.
Flea is with us.
Yes.
Yes.
Jimmy Cifalus is back again.
Just can't control himself.
Subject Jason Taylor.
I'll have you know, I broke the Jason Taylor signing yesterday in WIWD and WINZ.
Well, whoop, do you do.
We had it posted on the website before the other guys and Ken Charles called Fox and the SPN
radio to be sure.
Eat your heart out, big O.
Have your fakes keep dreaming about you going on FM.
It'll never happen because no FM programmer in their right mind would pay you a dollar to put you on.
Your finished bubbs, it's over, Johnny.
It's over.
That's right.
No FM programmer would put me on like on Zeta when we kicked everybody's ass in the market with double digit shares, but nevertheless.
Now here's one.
This is the kind of crap that really just frost my fat old ugly ass.
Werner Clemperer says you have to do something.
Neil, you just can't abandon George even if you're only making half your previous salary.
Half a fortune is still a fortune.
You could easily subsidize George's salary.
No.
I can't believe you won't help George after his 20 years of loyalty to you.
Stop being stubborn and insisting it's the station's fault of not your problem.
You are being a terrible friend.
You're standing by with your hands in your pockets while watching someone drown in front of you.
It doesn't matter whose fault it is.
Do something to help.
As a matter of fact, I just sent George a check for a couple grand last week just out of the blue.
But these people are experts on my fortune and how much I got and who I should help out in yada.
By the way, at least you could show some loyalty and not allow flee to be on the ear.
If WQM is going to force you to accept him as your producer, at least make him sit in the control room and shut up.
Making him your own on your sidekick one day after George is firing is the ultimate slap in the face of George.
I'd be very uncomfortable being a friend of yours after seeing how easily you sold out George in his time of need.
Well, guess what, Werner? You're not a friend of mine and never going to be.
Jackass.
Ass clown.
Fool.
That's right. Keep turning it around. It's all my fault.
I got to support everybody that gets fired. Everybody. Not just George. Anybody and everybody.
How about what's his name? Jesse Agler.
Should I send him a few bucks?
You should.
And you know what? I'm not getting paid to do this show so you can send me a couple grand, too.
No, sure. There you go.
Thank you.
No.
Thank you.
Here's one that says, Oscar plans for your day off.
Permit me to suspend my usual verbal mollying and demolition of you for a few moments.
Dush to which George all the best for the future.
It's obvious from what you've been saying. Joe Bell is intending to run archive tapes on your days off because he thinks
Lister is wanting to hear your voice.
That's never even been a topic of discussion here within the middle of all this George stuff. Has it not with me?
No, no, not with any of us.
Whilst your radio voice, whilst your radio voice is a good one, I listen to talk radio to you to hear a live person I can interact with.
And response to what's being said be it via phone or email.
If I'm here recording your voice, I can download an archive from your website.
Hope you'll stand your ground on this one and not let these management morons shaft you still further.
There's no discussion about anything having to do with tapes, Oscar.
Just keep fantasizing just like all these chronic so you're going to cheer your channel.
You're going to hear you.
Yeah, right.
Just keep making up a bunch of crap.
Here's one from the beast.
You ready for that?
Okay.
He was in here earlier.
What do you say?
How's it going?
That's it?
That's pretty much it.
Yeah.
What time was this?
And he said, good luck to us all.
How about an hour ago?
Well, this was sent at 10.39 this morning.
From the beast.
Neil, I'm still shocked and dismayed that the way George was treated.
A lot of us p-ons at the station in myro-George because we thought he was the one untouchable.
Guess not.
You hear them coming?
Yep.
Wow.
I bet it's a lot more effective with the window open.
Yeah.
Speaking on behalf of all the sport holes, even though George didn't share our love for watching men sweat,
he was a big part of our rapidly dwindling staff.
We all looked up to George because we knew we actually had a clue about this business
and always had the right answer when it came to radio stuff.
He was also maybe the nicest guy in the building.
He never failed to get everyone on staff a holiday gift.
He was always there to listen to us vent day after day after day.
He'll be sadly massed.
PS, I know I suck on the air, but the reason why I'm sure I wasn't asked to help flee,
they'd have to pay me.
It says the beast.
How do you like that?
Even a beast has got enough self respect they'd have to pay him to be on there.
Well, he's good for him.
Good for him, I guess.
He's got that, you know, he can do that.
He can throw his weight around.
Throw it gently though.
Jane and dear Fields, as I can't believe they fired George, he was a great producer,
always had the music when you needed it.
He was familiar with a lot of the same history as you.
He filled in for you in a flash and though I sometimes worried of his wife bashing,
I'm an unwillingly unemployed wife.
He knew a lot about religion and the way he used the Bible to beat Christian arguments,
I'll miss his easy banter with you.
One of these sport holes is going to get it.
They're not.
As soon as your show is over, I switched to NPR, I used to switch to I and Z,
but they changed to a sports format too.
Well, they're just in a heat out there today.
Yeah.
Wow.
They're losing money on the dolphins and the hurricanes.
I guess we're all doing because America's preoccupation with sports.
Now what's not America's preoccupation with sports is these radio stations preoccupation with it, all 40 of them.
The morons show out, tons of money to watch overpaid steroids,
soaked muscle brains, throw balls around, ask them who their representative incentives are
and you get a blank steer.
Love you, invest a look to George as Jane and dear Fields, thanks Jane.
She's a long time loyal.
Well, the sirens are just foaming at the mouth out there today.
Maybe the Ashree Lankans are at it again.
Could be.
Maybe I better turn on city Paul since he what's going on here.
Come out of 94 votes.
I would change the poll, but Erica is not around, I guess.
We're.
We're.
Well, the fate you'll be all says I will not run tapes when you're out.
Gregor will do the show in the studio.
Yeah, Gregor talk about his girlfriend's bowel movements.
Here's one somebody so buzz floor to send me the history of rock in Canada with 8,000 names, including Alainus Morissette.
Oh, yeah, Matthew Goodband.
Sloan is that Steve Sloan could be.
Brian Adams, Chilewack.
Bear naked ladies here.
The one bear naked ladies is on a great big sea and tea party.
Mother earth.
I'm on the earth.
Oh, that was a great band from the early piece.
A nine women.
Alainus Morissette.
I already said that.
Yeah, already pieces on my favorite bands to their good.
There's some good Canadian bands.
The four lads Paul Anca.
Finger 11.
Pineke, it wasn't Canadian.
He was lesbian, he was middle eastern.
He lived in Canada.
Maybe I should, I don't know.
Forward that Eric.
Is Eric there?
Let me check my computer.
That's right.
I keep thinking.
See, that's a problem.
It is a problem.
Well, Monday, that should be all straight.
No, they're going to have a computer for you there in the new studio.
Have you been over there in the new building?
I have.
Yeah, I was there yesterday.
And what's in there?
What's in our studio?
A board.
So far as the only thing I saw in there, a board in furniture.
A board?
Like a washboard?
Like a new actual digital board.
It's nice.
Wow.
Yeah.
Holy crap.
That's what I said.
1295 votes.
We're going to go over 1300 on this.
That's what we had on there forever.
It's going to be seen.
Now it got up to 20.
Now they're saying 21.
Before they were saying 19.
Now it got to 20.
So now they said, oh, yeah, 21.
It's the guarantee temperature.
Do they have that anywhere else you know where they have on a new station?
Today's guaranteed high will be so and so.
No, and what if it's not then what happens?
Then they then shoot them.
You know, so them.
Well, they have some kind of a stupid contest.
I don't know if they don't, if they don't make the guarantee high, they, you know,
have a drawing and they give a bunch of money to somebody.
Get a copy cup.
Yeah, tin cup.
Uh-oh.
Provents the table resolution on the crisis in Sri Lanka.
Sir, about the humanitarian crisis in Sri Lanka.
It will also push for Ottawa to put on the pressure to help end the 25 year old Sri
Lankan Civil War.
Yeah, Canada is going to go in your intervene, man.
They're going to go and kick some Sri Lankan ass.
Yeah, it's a civil war.
Are they back on university again?
Oh my god.
Live right here on Toronto's breaking new CP 24, about 12,000 protesters jammed city streets
from sidewalk to sidewalk, bringing everything else in the downtown core to a grinding halt.
They left Queen's Park at around 530, taking over college, young, Queen and university
before finally ending off the back at the legislature again about three hours later.
Well, that was yesterday.
Anybody out there again today?
I'm going to run a whole bunch of moa right like that.
You're asking to meal Roger.
Well, here we go again.
What an embarrassment.
What a joke.
Hi everybody.
It's Britney Spears with an all-me blog update.
So, my new song is doing well.
In fact, let me turn on the radio here to see if it's on.
All right, that was Britney Spears with her new number one song.
Five of the charts with a bullet.
That guy was dead.
Good.
Thank you for a gow with her f***ing gang it out.
Whether it's for it's coming out next.
Wow, I have another number one song.
Awesome.
Oh, excuse me.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, what's up?
I have something I want to tell you.
What?
You know what?
Your reception is bad.
It sounds like you said my tushy is finding out.
Call me back when you got better reception, okay?
I'll do that.
Oh, right.
Oh, you know what would be fun?
I'm going to open up another internet window and look myself up on Google Earth.
Let's see.
Top in my address.
Wow, there I am sitting on my patio.
Cool.
It looks like my f***ing hanging out again.
Well, I guess it's time for another round of clotheshop in.
KCYL, y'all.
160.
Well, Eric showed up in there.
I changed the pool.
Oh, good.
Here's the end.
We got to get some things out there.
Like get super tramphoffer there.
Can you do that or is Eric here to do it?
I don't have a computer.
Well, that's where you have a computer.
It's all you can't do anything.
Eric get super tramphoffer there.
Please.
And how are we going to add things on there if you don't have a computer?
I can go in the other room maybe and do it like during the breaks.
Eric can do it.
Okay.
Add nickel back, Eric.
Add nickel back in Avril Lavigne.
And who is the other one you were saying?
R80 peace.
Who?
R80 peace.
R80 peace.
And bear naked ladies.
13008 votes final telly on the other one.
Who's the most hateful bigoted Alter right wing radio host ever?
Rush Limbaugh wins hands down your pantaloonies.
800 votes 61.1% of all the votes.
For Rush.
Pill Pop and Rush.
Michael Savage 258.
Sean Hannity 87.
Lauren Graham 42.
Glenn Beck 38.
Mark Levin 35.
Levin whatever's name is.
Dennis Miller 19.
Hugh at 14.
Michael Medved 10.
And Dennis Prager 5.
Wow.
I'm just.
I wish I get that AC on in here man so I could breathe.
I got the window.
I got a little bit of air.
And the drape.
The drape is like a pition around a little bit you know.
What time are they waiting to cut it on?
I have no idea.
Just late today.
Cut it on.
Turn it on.
Mike says at least tell free to stop pretending to be Georgian V himself.
Are you pretending to be Georgian?
I don't think so.
Quit pretending to be Georgian V yourself.
I told you.
Okay.
Also Mike wants to know if you ever been on a radio with a woman?
Maybe try with Lucy Lopez I think you make great music the other.
No I've never been on a radio with a woman.
I have no intention of being on a radio with a woman.
Including especially Lucy Lopez.
What is their obsession with Lucy Lopez?
Because Georgian staff are on a lot?
Yeah.
So Archastic Sam says Paul Anka born in Ottawa the capital of your adopted homeland.
You're correct he's of Middle Eastern descent.
Let's be neat just like I said I googled it myself.
Let's be neat.
Says don't ask me how I knew that I have no idea but it did look up to make sure it's a salmon Boston.
Well good for you Sam.
Paul Anka.
The kid with a canker.
He's from a lesbian on.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We get the super tram got a vote they're not from Canada that's his.
That's pathetic.
British telecom announces 15,000 job cuts.
BT group the largest phone company in Britain said today had planned to cut 15,000 jobs and
lower its dividend for the first time in seven years after posting a loss in the fourth quarter
because of its troubled global services division.
They had a loss of 977 million pounds or $1.48 billion in the three months ending March 31.
Everybody's broke.
Nobody's got two nickelbacks to rub together.
Oh Jim Cabinol please.
I'm going to try to print this one out the first one I try to print out which the print is all funky on it.
You know like bizarre and it came out a bunch of squares and circles and it didn't come out like words.
You know that might be from a Mac.
Is this from a Mac?
Yeah that could be.
Well I'll try it again and see.
Pointy head McGinnies talking about the terrorists is at a Mochemak.
Because of the diversity of our people in Ontario we are connected in a real way to every region, every culture and every faith.
Everywhere.
Every bunch of pain in the ass of John Provac is great diversity.
Yeah sure.
That is our privilege.
And with that privilege comes the responsibility to stand up and speak out when you're right to be.
Speak out you would have said speak out might occur.
So today on behalf of Ontarians I urge the federal government.
Oh this one did the same thing again you write it's from a Mac.
I could read it off the computer.
Baron fits is I can pinpoint exactly when this crap was sent motion.
It was when flea first filled in for.
I doubt anyone thought it would come to this but Joe Bell's fat little wheel started turning right then.
Same thing that happened to me is his Baron fits.
I saved vacation time for three years took a long trip to Europe.
I keep her fill in did a decent job in my absence and that was the end of me.
Vacations are job killers good luck Georgie says I was weird you dropped out for a second.
I did yeah.
But yeah I went three years without taking a vacation because that's the way it always worked in radio.
Take a vacation and you were gone.
I see I take a lot of occasions I'm going to continue doing it.
Yeah you have a good contract.
America not Canadian is America on there.
On that poll the America is not on there are they the band America right.
Oh it is America is on there.
Like America's Canadian I mean what kind of crap is this whoever made this pull up I told you we were hurting for polls.
Yeah this is one of the worst Eric please get super tramp and America off of that stupid as pull please.
Pretty pleased.
Flea would do it but he got no computer.
They obviously were well prepared to do it to do this as usual.
So Jim Cabinos sends me a second email and once again it's all when I try to print it out.
It's like circles and squares and yeah because Max don't use word word.
Yeah Microsoft word.
They don't use that well you can but it's extra.
So I guess I can't read even Jim a second email which I'm sure must have been extremely important but I'm sorry Jim.
Can't do it Pally.
Evan and West Palm Beach says at first I thought this stuff about Georgia's firing was just another way of putting on a show for today.
Oh yeah.
However finding out today this is true I'm saddened deeply.
You and George had such chemistry you complimented one another.
Timing was perfect with all the sound bites when broadcasting.
Rock solid.
He will certainly be missed and what I will miss most of all was his wonderful laugh.
QA I'm lost to Jim.
They're out of their freaking minds.
George my best you and your family though through this bump of the road of life.
Neil is sad as this day is you're doing a great job from sure this is very unpleasant for you and closing years in Neil God.
Evan and West Palm Beach.
He has not only unpleasant it's grotesque and nauseating and puke inducing.
Makes my stomach ache.
Makes my inner it's shaking quick.
Oh William says I thought George couldn't be fired for your contract what happened.
So did I think so William but Norma can't says can't do this and can't do that.
Nothing that he said to them yesterday morning persuaded them to change their mind.
That was his just before the end of the show I got that.
Rix is enough about George how about mine that burdened the preekness see with fingerle.
I like the filly of sorry.
I like her a lot.
Is she the chalk right now eight to five in the morning line.
Calvin Borrell old Calvin that's the only thing I don't like about her like oh he just I can't he's embarrassing.
Screaming and whooping it up with no teeth you know like an old yahu he's an old Yahoo.
All the great jockeys are in there and kill him Borrell gets the you know.
He gets the derby and probably the preekness now who's going to be riding a mine that bird tomorrow we know I don't know.
Anybody out there know I looked it up this morning to try to find it still said Calvin Borrell unless they're doing a chariot race.
I don't think he can ride them both because he picked the racial Alexandra over mine that turd.
Sorry Rick I won't see you with fingerle so okay with or without the ghost of Ross Morton I will not be there.
I was there the day it opened that was enough for me finger legs racetrack in Farmington New York.
How big of a town can it be when it's a suburb of Canada where which is a town of 10,000 where I went to high school.
How big of a town can Farmington be about 40 people maybe it's on the middle of nowhere.
It's not on the way to the turnpike finger legs racetrack S. Mayor racetrack man.
21 already they predicting a high 21 it's only like what 125.
Sonny and it's hot it's smoldering out there which which is probably not that good because it got the windows open and it's circulating a little bit of air around but if you're not bringing no cold air in here.
I wish it was like freezing out there.
Did we get rid of America and super tramp off there not yet Eric.
I mean that's embarrassing America is on there the best Canadian rock band their singer.
And then embarrassing aren't you embarrassed by it a little bit.
Here's one it's just what going to happen on your time off what is flea to do play classic rocker just talk sports.
You must make it to work every day or I may go crazy says molder.
I'm not going to be here every day I'll be here being I'm supposed to be here and I'm not a sports geek either.
I mean I like sports but I'm not going to talk about sports for four hours.
Good.
Yeah please don't I won't I promise.
Please pretty please don't do it and I don't like classic rock.
Yeah there you go you don't like classic rock and he's not a sports nerd so there you go molder.
Rick see with finger like you should live so long it's like I'll see you a batavia downs I'll see what Vernon downs with Jack Bailey the orange man.
Jack Bailey and John Munchon.
So what do you think about that fat man after done a real piece of turd.
You're a thing to Neil Rogers.
What do you Roger?
If the shot eyes multiply our sides we reclaim your gazelle team.
It's a legal drug according to you.
A little diocene.
Oh
131 at 560 WQA I'm on a very modern Thursday.
Cliff and Kendall says it sounds to me like the Sri Lankans took a page out of the Cuban exile playbook.
The only problem is that after the Cuban exile was were finished rolling around on the Palmetto the rest of the county all 30 of us were so angry they forced the police to put a stamp to it.
When's that going to happen here already?
What are they going to one of the two passive people of Toronto going to say the police say enough with this crap time the whole city up with this garbage.
Where's the logic of angry your fellow residents in Toronto who have absolutely no power of any kind of influence what's happening in Sri Lanka.
That's right Cliff.
There is no logic just a lot of it seems to me the whole world is conspiring to make your life a living hell.
Neil says, Cliff and Kendall that's right.
It's a conspiracy.
Not that I'm paranoid you understand.
No.
Oh Jimmy Cifalus who's just out of control just a wild child.
Says Zeta was a hundred years ago and Rose Fulger isn't around anymore.
He's in San Antonio W.O.A.I.
You'll never work on FM again.
I'm having Ken May calls to Chief Channel Orlando to warn against you.
Your best bet is James Crystal Radio.
It's over Johnny. It's over.
We're tired.
No I won't.
I'll keep taking those big fat checks to the bank every two weeks Jimmy.
Jimmy Cifalitic.
Harvey says George is part of a major part of your show for the past nineteen years.
We've all watched and listened to him grow to be a great professional who's done every task asked of him by both you and most management
and it will be missed on your radio show.
This proves to us how your agent has to be worse than any of our bosses.
George good luck and all you do.
You'll be missed but not forgotten.
Joe Bell is a piece of crap and some things I wouldn't say in writing not even to a turd like him.
Hopefully here you someplace better than W.A.Q.M.
What a career manager Joe Bell is Harvey W.A.Q.M.
I thought it was W.K.A.M.
Was that what the big O was on?
Yes, Pant. W.K.A.M.
Yep.
At a boy big O you're really doing it for us.
This one says you mentioned earlier that revenue was down other than your show.
Everything else in sports or bad music why would anyone want to support that if someone was interested perhaps someone would buy time.
Sorry about George.
Right.
But we don't want to have a show with big numbers on here because they feel uncomfortable with that.
It's so you know a lot easier to work with.
Oh number small number.
Oh.
The fake Joe Bell says don't trust Lee.
I replaced George with him to fulfill my master plan of getting you off the air and accomplishing my ultimate goal which is to try to get the QM ratings down as low as possible.
I thought he already did that.
He's tried.
What?
That's what?
Say what?
There's a little air pushing in through the window just a little bit.
And you know what I'll take anything.
First he says I know I already emailed earlier a day.
Yes, but I just still can't believe it.
Will you in Georgia at least keep in touch?
Yes, we will.
But what does that mean?
If he's got any news, I'll pass it along.
If any of you want to bring a bag of money to him, I'll let you know where to drop it off.
Here's one that says what kind of comment has that flea said that you have a good contract where George what does this mean?
Oh wait till I read this.
I love these that are like all, you know, verbs and vowels and crap, nouns and verbs.
Why did they can't George bring George back to somebody?
Yeah, bring him back.
Wave the magic wand.
You'd play the magic wand if you had the computer.
You didn't even have the 360 there?
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
How do you like that?
The band America was made up of sons of American fathers and British mothers.
Their father is being military personnel stationed in the US Air Force in London.
All three attended London Central High School.
They named the band after the homeland they never really lived in.
And they are not only not Canadian, they are something.
So stay.
Hear those serons coming again?
Yeah.
What's going on over there?
Wow, technical problems at Google are preventing an unknown number of people from using its Internet search engine.
Email other services.
How do you like that?
In a Thursday post on its website, the Mountain View Based Company reports that a small subset of users has been able to get into the email accounts.
Without elaborating, Google says the email trouble might be affecting other services as well.
I've Googled it.
Ain't no problem.
Multiple messages posted on Twitter.
Now let me ask you, are you still Twittering?
Dispidestation.
Oh, God.
Why?
Because they want me to.
They want?
They want me to?
They want you to do what?
Twitter for the station.
If they wanted you to stand outside and put your foot up your ass and stand in the middle of Ives-Jerry Road, would you do that?
For free?
Oh, for free now.
Boy, you are easy.
Leonard says, what kind of comment has Flea said that you have a good contract?
We're George today.
We're George today.
Not there so much for a good contract.
Well, this is so illiterate.
If it was Joe Bell, wouldn't there be a contract put out on him?
Yeah, that's something.
That's something to think about.
You know what?
Although, why waste the bullets?
Yeah.
He's been getting some nasty emails.
That's for sure.
And well deserved.
You would agree with that.
Mm-hmm.
Would you say?
What?
He said, mm-hmm.
Very quietly though.
Under his breath.
Mm-hmm.
I'm just trying to keep my job.
Yes.
Yes.
Well deserved.
Yes.
People are pissed off.
You didn't expect that?
Oh, I did.
Yeah.
So why are you surprised there's nasty emails?
I mean, but they're nasty.
They're great.
They are really nasty and crazy.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, a lot of nasty crazy people out there.
One guy started it out by calling them the seawater right off the bat.
He did?
Yeah.
Same guy to call them a douche nozzle.
Same guy to call them a douche nozzle?
Mm-hmm.
I didn't get that when you got that.
I saw a copy of it.
How did you get it if you had no computer there?
Oh, that was yesterday, I think.
Oh.
Ned and Miami Beach says, would you please give us late listeners a recap about what happened to George?
Late listeners a recap.
He's fired.
He's gone.
In spite of all my efforts and Norma's weak efforts to protect him and keep him around, he's gone.
Fired.
Uncertainmoniously after the show yesterday.
Give us a recap.
Oh, my God.
Anthony says, I've been listening to you for many, many years.
Now that I've learned George sleeps with Luca Bratzi, I want to vomit.
He made many days with him without you very enjoyable.
They make powders to get rid of you.
Flea powder.
It says he will truly be missed.
Neil, this must also suck for you.
It'll never be the same again, says Anthony.
That's correct.
All due respect to Flea, it'll never be the same again.
George was, he was a part of the show.
He was like my left arm or my right arm.
My big toe.
What am I going to do about my lower back pain, by the way?
I'm not going to go have that one.
That's got to be stress-related, I'm sure.
I'm sure I'm sure of it.
I'm falling apart, thanks to Joe Bell.
You're a killer, Joe.
And you already warned me about that.
Today, on behalf of Ontarians, I urge the federal government and the UN
to take what steps they can to bring this conflict to a peaceful end.
Right, to get these bastards off our streets, you've got adult and you jackass you simple-din.
But the politicians here, men, they're all like vanilla pudding.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Very bland, very boring, very ineffectual, very, very weak.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Oh, you're listening to Neil Rogers.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yeah, that's the best thing I've ever seen.
Oh yeah!!
Oh no!!
Oh no!!
No, no, no, Jo!
Yeah, I was saying Wengen.
Oh no!
Ok, 143, 17, oh 2 4 5, 60, no celebrating 9.
You killed Man Pepo and Mark!
Okay, 143, 17, oh I'm driving 2018, okay?
It's increasing here, I've had some people walking in this morning or today and just saying,
Oh, is this real?
Is it real?
Is it real, Curtis was just in here and he goes,
Did that really happen?
I'm like, yeah, Georgia's really gone.
What part of Georgia got fired yesterday?
Don't they understand?
What word don't they get?
I don't know.
And then we prepared them with three days of all the mashing and the feudal attempts to
try to save Georgia's job.
Didn't that penetrate their brain at all?
No, they're like the people on the outside thinking that it was a radio stick.
All they stick.
How many?
They don't do stick on their show.
If you listen to the show for more than five minutes, you know, we don't do stick.
Although in some cases, stick it like Jimmy Cifalus.
Did I just read his latest, the ranting and rambling?
That guy can.
Correct.
Francisco says, I know how B.C.
Georgia was untouchable.
Yes, if only he was best friends with clearance.
If he was clearances, if I was clearance, I'd be more worried about doing my job than
making sure my fat, untalented friends stays on.
Your job ain't safe, clearances, Francisco.
Start doing it.
You're ratings other than Neil or in the can.
They're in the can.
You ready for that?
It's like maybe that's where I'm going to go now for a few minutes in a can.
You got a choice?
No.
Just hang out in there for a while.
Paul Smith, who's usually with a religious fanatic, crappy, no phony fake, I know I usually
rip you in Georgia and ask for the dumbass stuff you say and do, but I'm really sad to
see George go where he drives me nuts with religion and his music.
He was a part of the show.
So give me a day or two to go back to ripping you.
I'll never speak eligible, Bill, but Joe, you screwed up royally.
You ask Queen later here in Paradise.
It's just Paul Smith fake.
Not that there's any fakers on the emails you understand.
Now here's one.
This, this, this just, I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Carney lands for it says condolences, man.
Let me know if you need anything.
George, if you're listening, keep your chin up.
When I was down and out without a job, I put you in Georgia.
My references and got hired.
I will forever owe you for this.
So if you need anything, let me know.
What does that mean if you need anything?
Let me know.
George could use about $70,000.
Yeah, George could use a big bag of money.
If you need anything, let me know.
I mean, I don't want to be ungrateful or whatever,
but it just sounds so gratuitous to me.
It sounds so insincere and gratuitous and fake.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Fake.
Not that we get fake emails or anything like that.
Mm-hmm.
I want you to make sure that you understand that.
Mike says now that George has gone,
how about your summer schedule work?
Will flea be filling in?
Yes.
Is flea ready to work the summer schedule
or will best of tapes be played?
Or will you have to work all summer long?
No.
No tapes.
No tapes, then I'll be here Tuesday and Thursday.
And I'll try my best.
So Eric, let's see, to get rid of the,
who is it we want to take off of there?
Super tram, super tram, to get rid of them.
In America.
And who else?
America.
In America.
In Add Nickelback.
What?
In Add Nickelback.
In Add Nickelback.
Well, he got the whole long list on here, okay.
Okay.
Now, I don't know if Nickelback is on there or not.
You can, well, you could prove it if you had it.
Yeah, they are on there.
Okay, good.
He's got the list of every Canadian, the singers, every,
um, this jockey, everybody who was ever born,
ever singing out, including Paul Anke,
who is lesbianese.
Russia's winning, by the way, with 18-year-long 12-guess who's seven,
man, Marie five, Gordon Lightfoot three,
won each for Alainist Moore, said, Brian Adams,
Stephen Wolf, Paul Canca and the poses.
Everybody else has gotten on the big O.
Big O will be here at two, by the way,
in spite of popular demand.
Yeah, he just popped his head in here second ago.
What are you saying?
He looks to see if George was there.
Yep.
So even he don't believe it, huh?
Nope.
And I just got a text that says,
past and yell, joebell equals Pete Boulder.
Yeah, same, the assassin, the same, same mentality,
destroying everybody's life.
The hour worth him in Clear Channel.
Did you really, Peter Boulder, what a bastard he was.
Oh yeah.
Pete Boulder.
Little Midget.
Midget, he was a Midget.
He was a Midget brain, man.
Yep.
So the best thing that happened on Zeta's
when the show became so popular and so successful,
the ratings became so high, is I just grew the cajon
to tell him to go to hell.
So when he tried to give me a music list
or what music to play, I just played whatever music
I wanted to play.
And we kick big fat smelly ass on that show on Zeta.
Let me tell you, you want to look at a rating book?
Go back 1988, I think it was.
Go back to those books.
Double digits in every good demo.
18 to 34, even teens we kicked ass.
What was the format?
What do you mean?
What was the format?
It was a rock show with a little bit of music.
But what do you play like rock music?
Yeah.
Me and the burden captain Dave Caprita.
What was the format?
You're producing the show and you're asking me
what the format was of the show back on Zeta?
Well, that's a long time ago.
I didn't know it was a long time ago.
Maybe it's over 20 years ago.
Yeah.
We even had a few of our own jingles.
You can tell you've got it made
when you got your own jingle.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
I'm desperately trying to find it.
I'll find it. Here it is.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
With a smile.
Drinking back off the old bunch and I'm a donut.
With a beautiful, ugly dog.
Keep that you going to go with me.
With Zeta for a dial.
How did you work in my room with a darling nail?
With Zeta for a dial.
With her.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil and Tweety.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Tweety, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Tweety being the burden.
Rest in peace.
Oh, what you did to the burden.
Did you say to the burden all these experts out there?
Even go back then.
Everybody who ever listened to a radio show for five seconds
or longer is an expert on it, on the people on it.
They're lives.
What they should do, what they shouldn't do with all these things.
You know that, don't you?
So what do you got planned for this summer?
You and Cortis.
Oh, I don't know yet.
I got to give you some thought, I guess.
Yeah, you better start getting some thought.
It's already May 14th.
Not that I'm like trying to be pushy or anything like that.
But I think a month from today is my June vacation.
Then when I come back, I'm on two days a week.
You do know that all the way through the week after Labor Day.
There are a lot of shows in there.
A lot of shoes to feel.
I'm a little nervous.
Can I get a line?
Are you really?
Yeah.
Nervous about what?
Failing.
Now, let me just ask you this.
Yeah.
Because for obvious selfish reasons, I'd like to get some bonus money.
Sure.
And I don't want to see the show go into crapper.
Okay.
But suppose the numbers do go into crapper now that George is gone.
And the summer is special.
Because in the summertime, you're like largely responsible for what?
You're on three days a week.
Right.
What are they going to do then?
What are they going to say?
I don't know.
You're going to bring George back?
Maybe.
Now, let me ask you this.
This next break.
Is it really only three and a half minutes long?
Or is that just my imagination?
I see a spot cross.
Yeah.
They took the one spot out.
So yeah, three and a half minutes.
Correct.
Because I don't want to like screw up the back timing.
You know, when you're in radio, you do back timing?
Yeah.
I don't want to do that.
I don't want to like take away 30 seconds from the big old show
or God forbid, give them an extra 30 seconds.
Right.
Although generally speaking, we do.
We get out on time.
Ask him.
He'll tell you.
Keep that in mind.
That's one of the big things we get here on time
and we get out of here on time.
In between, it's hell, but you know.
Jeff says, I'm very sad to hear about George being fired for no good,
effing reason.
The ass-clons he worked for don't realize what they've started.
Part of the reason we listen is the interaction with George
and his ability to read your mind and throw in some good drops.
Plus, when he filled in, he talked about things I love too.
Pot, sluts, food, good old, God-bashing, music and concerts.
Wow.
That's good stuff.
I made it to my routine to listen to Howard in the morning and you too.
Yes, you were a pair at 10.
Skipping Paul and Ron, who I actually like because they talk about pot,
sluts, food, music and concerts.
They do a little God-bashing too.
I'll be able to listen to Paul and Ron now catch Howard on the West Coast feed.
Not personal, but they've cut and cut and cut.
You're sure to listen to a shadow.
So what's the point of listening anymore, says Jeff?
Well, that's nice.
I can read the bedtime stories myself online and vote on the pool.
In other words, he don't need me.
I love you, Neil, for opening my eyes about a lot of things in life.
But this is the last drop for QM.
It's time for me to move on.
Good luck with these ass clowns.
Don't let them kill you, my lord.
Good luck with the sluts, too.
The sluts.
Long live, live long and prosper my queen.
Good luck, George, etc.
Jeff's listener since 88.
I don't sound too promising, does it?
No, not really.
I mean, the idea that he would sacrifice this show for Paul and ancient Ron,
that's pretty embarrassing to me.
Yeah, they've been doing the same stick for 15 years.
And not even their own.
Everybody else is right.
OAPD, promotions and marketing director,
Lee Flea Feldman's been named Rogers, New Producer and Phil and Oates.
In big red letters.
Neil, how can you sit there and chat with that backstabbing ass kisser?
He's a management suck up, a FedExas Barbie.
It's got in red letters, Feldman worked with Mark a manager, Jobelle, yada yada yada.
Mm-hmm.
Back in the day.
Here's one, Chuck says, it's been a while.
I'm awake again.
Is George in the bird the same person?
No.
George is still alive.
Here's one that's from Peggy, not the smartest PR move ever for firing George,
who is Flea, by the way.
Here's one that says, the posies are not from Canada, they're from Seattle,
so there's another mistake in one on there.
Whoever made up that stupid ass pull.
How about Elvis Presley?
Let's get him on there, too.
Ain't he from Canada?
I think so.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
God, somebody, somebody really screwed up your time.
Get the posies off there, please, Eric.
Please.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
It's Dave.
In Miami town.
You fed you, you scaring.
At five-six-oh.
W-Q-A-A.
We hired quite a bit of a new show, but not like in the past.
You have to get off your fight ass for that.
Now please, Mr. Orrah, come to the show, as we use to go.
And give us our civil right back.
Now that we got rid of the Neil con round shirt,
the Democrat's better sit down and get you up.
And what's going to be?
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
And I'm just gonna be.
Oh, right.
I've been this race, it's gonna spew dead.
Pretty much the kids blue.
And they may just hand it around the world.
But they gave us whole royal school and our copage.
Oh, oh, a killed body of living with that.
Now get up, all those are ends of our history.
And you've got it with beach to make the job complete.
And if that's gonna be, oh, right.
Oh, right.
The next world's definitely me.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
All right.
All right.
Bye, bye, bye.
