Yeah, what about that Marlene, huh?
I love that Marlene.
Yes, and cars.
And you're not going to suck those.
The Beastly Drive test is about to be...
How about those Blackhawks?
I'm Ride.
You're listening to Sounds Road is for you.
5, 6, and WQAM.
Miami.
For the Lutterdale.
Sorry, it starts out quiet.
Oh, so, it's real low.
Although I can almost speak today.
5, 6, and WQAM.
Presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil.
To Joe Valesdi, Antichrist, 60 in date and brown.
In other counties, call toll-free, 877-785 Neil,
or pound-five-sixty on your AT&T and Verizon.
Well, as the judge, the opinion's expired.
I heard this.
His guests or his collars do not represent those
of WQAM management, staff, or sponsors.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on 560-WQAM.
Mr. Mary Catherine, Jesus.
That's Jesus El Fisto to you.
See, let's up you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used.
Use you to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say.
10-1 at 560-WQAM.
And the last five minutes yesterday show,
I thought I was just going to like get up and walk out.
I thought you were going to die.
No, I just had that mong in the throat where you just can't speak.
You had a flimball you could not get on the other side.
But that is correct.
And here I am and I can speak today, not 100% but about 90, 95.
And I finally realized being slow and stupid and old,
which I am.
This is just another sinus infection.
When I first came up here, first two years I was doing the shows here.
Air of the winter, I get numerous of those episodes.
Coffing and choking, you can't talk,
and you're taking the tea and sucking on the lozenges.
And then I went to see Dr. Hamft on there in a four-lawterdale,
and she got me on deliverquin, and that cleared it right up.
And I haven't had a problem since, and that's what this is.
Oh no, Neon, you've got the Shreinhood flu.
This morning, the first email I opened up from that ass clown
Phil Arck, whoever that guy is, a real jerk.
And you're right.
Now, having seen that movie misery a couple nights ago,
yeah, stalkers is the word.
These people are stalkers.
They want to inject themselves into your life.
They want to tell you how to run your life.
What to do?
He's telling me, oh, you want to be taken tam a flu
when you want to do this and you're old and you're out there.
So concerned about me.
Don't worry Phil, I'll survive without your help.
Mind your, get your own life.
Will you please?
I have no idea.
I'm sure of that.
I could read it to you, but I deleted it immediately
if not soon.
It's all right.
Same old crap.
Speaking of misery, I saw a movie kind of a counterpart
to Ms. Realized Night, which I've seen,
I don't know, two, three times before.
It's not what you call great day.
It's not spectacular, but it's pretty good.
It's enjoyable, especially because a younger Adam Baldwin
who's not one of the Baldwin brothers.
Right.
He looked pretty good.
And justine Bateman isn't it.
I don't care what you say.
She is me.
Okay.
You think she's hot?
No, no.
She's not even lukewarm justine Bateman.
That's not what I said.
What did you say?
I said, does she get naked?
No.
That's what I said.
And I asked you, why would anybody want to see her naked?
I said, I'll give her a look.
Oh.
That was the conversation.
I'd rather see him naked than her, but then again.
You go ahead and make up what you want from this point on,
but that was the conversation we had.
Okay.
Anyway, it's not bad.
Okay.
I want to watch it.
Even if she doesn't get naked.
It's a little hard press for you to believe that after she,
I mean, I don't want to do a spoiler here, but I will anyway.
Oh, it's okay.
After she's sleeping, he's keeping her prisoner in her apartment.
He's a crazy person like our general manager,
not all, although not that crazy.
And she's a med student.
And she just happens to have in her cabinet a container with botulism.
Okay.
I mean, then everybody, you know, have a little thing of botulism in the cupboard.
I have to.
And she slathers it on his cheesecake, which just coincidentally,
the top of the cheesecake is the same, the strawberry topping on the cheesecake
is the same color as the botulism thing.
It's the only handy that comes in.
And he gets fever, you know, and gets sick.
And she beats him over the head with a lamp.
And he spends one night in the hospital and breaks out and goes and tracks her down.
So that, that part of it's a little bit tough to accept.
Okay.
I'm going to take a strep of seal, strep of seal extra, not take it.
I'm going to suck on it.
Okay.
Okay.
That'll all be right now.
So if I start gagging and coughing again, you know,
we think Niels got the Schfinone flu.
The, the height job that the media are doing on this is so incredibly,
not unexpected, but just grotesque.
Well, I mean, it's not as important as the White House dog.
You saw how much time they spent on that.
Now that's true.
And boy, oh,
the media is sick and they talk badly.
Right.
Good point.
And, you know, the president comes on and says it's reason for concerned,
but not for panic and right away, everybody in the media is getting
everybody whipped up into a panic.
All these dead people in Mexico and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, and these students
in New York who had just come back from Cancun, Mexico.
My best suggestion to all, and I never gave the update on the,
I told you about it.
I was so excited.
I said, you were a text yesterday.
Oh, the package.
The highly awaited package.
I had an important document in it for Paco.
And it was coming Canada post, a large cardboard envelope,
like a FedEx envelope, exactly the same size.
And here I get this notice.
I go online and track it.
Oh, it was delivered Friday at noon and I go down to the office and it's not there.
They have no record of it.
So yesterday at two o'clock, Paco was so worried about it.
He even took off from school yesterday.
Thank God.
And at two o'clock we go downstairs and I was going to go to the office
and say, how do this get in this place, who lost it?
And I said, look in your mailbox first.
He opens up his mailbox.
Now as you would expect in an apartment building of large size,
the mailboxes are like, I don't know,
what would you say, like three by six, like that?
The little cubby's little pitch at home.
Yeah.
And he says, it's here.
And I look in the mail lady, the bitch, I mean the lady that delivers the mail.
She had taken this big FedEx size envelope and folded it over almost like a paper airplane,
you know, like in thirds.
Now suppose there have been like some important pictures or something.
And you know what I say?
She had no idea what's in there, right?
I mean, as it turns out, it was just fine.
But just so that took care of that.
That solved one problem.
Then, as I told you yesterday,
Norma can't and voice she sure can't,
was having that meeting with Joe Bell, that long awaited meeting.
It would have been better off if there would have been no meeting.
That's my advice to Norma.
I don't have any more meetings with Joe Bell.
Refuse to speak to him.
They'll take his calls.
Pretend he died.
Oh, God.
So I'm waiting during the course of the day and in around doing a bunch of stuff.
And I never hear from Norma Kent, who was going to call me right after the show,
with a report, spy report.
I'm glad he didn't because finding that package was a lot more important than what he had to report to me.
Same old crap.
Joe Bell will do anything in his power to get rid of George.
Oh, he's got to save money.
He's going to show them how to make money.
He doesn't care.
Let me tell you.
And then this is what I just wrote back to Norma, who wrote me this long apologetic crap.
After what they did to Ken Maldon, nobody is safe.
Yeah.
Isn't that putting it well?
Right?
Here is one of the finest gentlemen who has ever worked in this business, ever, anywhere.
Just a great guy who couldn't have been making, you know, how much could he have been making?
Not much.
And they just, they have to.
This man will f anybody to save his own fat ass, to be the hero for the beastly broadcasting group.
Give it your best shot, Joe.
Says right in my contract, the producer has to be someone that I approve of.
And you can bring me flea's name or any other flea just sent me by the way of a poll suggestion.
A really bad one, too.
I deleted it.
What do you think that's all about?
I don't know.
I didn't get it.
Maybe I did.
I did.
I got it.
No, I got the online contest email.
No.
I wouldn't even forward it to you.
But anyway, just just keep in mind.
I told you off the year before the show and I'm putting it on the year because I want the entire audience to know that George is the next one who said is on the chopping block and then for whatever reason.
Well, making all this muddy.
Oh, yeah.
And the amount of money we're talking about is, and especially if he's really making that money now, then what's the problem?
Why do you keep interfering with the show?
You give us no support, Joe.
Nothing.
Nothing.
I don't take calls anymore.
Why?
Because you've allowed two idiots to destroy their phone.
And even the last time you did the show, you were practically in tears about it.
Am I right?
Well, it was in tears.
But yeah, it's frustrating.
Frustrating and annoying.
And not the way anybody should have to do it or radio show.
No support.
No promotion.
Nothing positive.
Everything with this man is always negative, negative, negative.
And isn't it just a coincidence that everybody on a radio station from Joe Rose, whose number is now a half of what they used to be?
To me, whose numbers are less than half what they used to be, to Jim Mandage, whose fading from the map.
Everybody is like falling off the face of the earth on QAM.
And this man is talking a big game with Norma Kent, like, oh, he's doing a hell of a job and he's doing bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-
And I'm trying to, like, you know, hang on to George's back here the best I can, but they- they- they've got the best I can, but they- they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've got the best I can, but they've
they've got the best I can, but they've got the best you want to call it. Which is only going to be made a hell of a lot worse by this panic over the swine flu.
is just an excuse for employers to screw employees everywhere. I mean who the hell knows what- would there anything they tell you is real or not?
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
They're the employers and then the screwees.
We are the screwees.
And let me say it again after what they did to Ken Walden,
nobody who works for this company is safe.
Nobody.
Just remember I told you that April 28, 2009.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Yes, they had Joe.
Go to 5'6'0 with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
Playings for almost an order and control.
And then so, Golly Rolly Joe, a book you'll learn
And in the note he lets most go.
And here's what Bloss gives Golly his own show.
He'll make a big change and rearrange.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air and do.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a poor,
Matt Madison, lead blow for all radio.
The GM of 5'6'0, Golly Rolly Joe.
1018 at 5'60 WQM.
Let's take a look at that award winning schedule.
We got Rock Solid, the big at 2'4'7,
Matt Doggett Shulas,
and then the big at 2'7'0.
Should have had Joe Bell on here.
Rush Limbaugh 307.
Wins hands down your pantaloonies.
The Humper did good though, 132.
Hank, man called her 93, Jim DeFeedus 76.
Oh, a monster in the news gathering business.
Larry King 48, Barney Frank 42, Michael Moore 33.
Don I'm a 30.
Bought 30, man.
H Wayne Heisinga 20, the Beast 19.
The Beast is right on Wayne's ass.
William the refrigerator Perry, he'd be ill in 18.
Mohauer Davided to do the 16.
L. Hamhawk Sunshine 14, L.N.D. Generate 14.
Pasty Face.
Dave Game 12, Howard Spurm 9,
and Kimba Bokehmpir only had a small pair.
That's the boy yesterday.
What are we doing today?
Taking a look at it?
Right now.
The most annoying habit other people can do in my presence is
emit bad breath or BO.
We have 377 vote.
Good start.
emit bad breath or BO 97.
Like it would bind.
Two with their mouth open, 56, 55.
Pick their nose 46.
That's what I voted.
The BO bothers me like crazy too, but I don't want to see
somebody else digging for gold.
I can't stand it.
I do a lot of picket my nose.
Don't you?
A lot.
A lot.
Well, not in front of people though.
No, but not.
I don't want to make sure nobody else is looking.
The only place where it's bad is on an airplane.
Right.
And on an airplane,
your nose gets stuffed up because of the bad circulation of the air,
the bad stuff here.
And you get a lot of snot.
And I want to pick my nose on the airplane,
but I'm so afraid that somebody is going to be looking.
I'll blow my nose, but if that doesn't do the trick, you know?
Then you got to go to phase two.
By the way, I forwarded to you.
The poll suggestion that Flea had sent to me.
I wish I had a look at it.
I got it.
You get your email first for some reason.
Probably a candidate thing.
No, I just forwarded to you.
Or you got it originally.
Well, yeah.
Farth 40.
Somebody else farts in your presence gross, especially loud.
Although smelly is worse.
Loud, I wouldn't mind if it didn't stink.
Tube gum noisely 24.
Spit while talking 22.
Oh, yeah.
Like Dr. Ron from the hockey games years ago.
Oh.
What do you think a linguist?
He would just shower me with spittle every time you can.
And always talking right into your face.
Why do people feel they have to do that?
Do they think everybody is deaf?
There are people that their close talkers hate that.
Spit on the ground 21.
Scratch their balls 16.
Like Clarence did that one day.
He was conducting a search party.
Whistle 11.
Home 11.
Cracked their knuckles 9.
George says that all the time on the year.
Cough 7.
Murp 6.
Snees 6.
Well, how can you stop from sneezing if you're going to sneeze?
Right.
You pinch your nose.
You're that?
Yeah.
Pick their T3.
Bite their nails 3.
Jingle their keys 2.
Scratch their butt 1.
381.
I don't see a lot of it.
I don't encounter a lot of butt scratching.
Do you?
No.
No, no.
Record scratching.
Here's Stephen jerseys, is this on your other people's
annoying habits.
Can you please have?
Loud Joseph word conversation.
Sure.
You want to do it?
Sure.
Loud.
Sax...
Oh, boy!
Here we go.
The Supremes Redded again the F Passion Supreme Court.
I'll print this out.
Thanks to whoever sent this.
Thanks a pile.
And here's another one along when I'm going to print out.
Isn't that good?
We're off to a good start today.
Yep.
I haven't got to the one from the fake Tom Jikki yet.
The fake Tom Jikki by the way is D-FO.
Really?
You want to know how I figure that out?
How do you do?
Here's the latest one.
Tom Jikki, the fake one.
Subject, Jeff DeForest Fire Report.
Listen to 640WFTL this morning heard D-FO.
He mentioned the big O and Mandage
and told some old WQM stories.
It was actually pretty entertaining and funny.
You may remember, but D-FO did 6 to 8 PM with Mandage
on WIOD Sports Talk 610.
This is either D-FO or Mr. Radio.
In the mid 90s, WQM needs you an exclamation point.
D-FO does Hobben, D-Zevio Locking Cup.
Wow, really?
We need him like a hole in the head.
Already been there, done that.
We've got enough recycled trash from the past already.
Okay?
Mr. Radio or whoever you are or MIFO?
Here's that thing.
The Supreme Court is giving tentative approval
to government regulation of even a single curse word
on live television.
The Court in a 5 to 4 decision today
is refusing to pass judgment
on whether the FCC's fleeting expel
his policies in line with first amendment guarantees
of freedom of speech.
The justice is say a federal appeal score
should weigh the constitutionality of the policy.
Talk, I thought that was their job.
Yeah.
The decision throws out a ruling
by the second US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York.
The appeal score had found in favor
of a Fox TV led challenged the policy
and had returned the case to the FCC
to let the agency provide a reasoned analysis
for its tougher line on indecency.
The commission appealed instead to the Supreme Court
and the Supreme Court said,
but it would be, but it would be,
just like that meeting with Joe Bell
in the Norma Cant last night.
No more meetings, Norma.
Don't look at him.
Don't talk to him.
Don't spit on him.
Don't get near him.
I don't think that the most dangerous disease
in the world right now is swine flu.
I think it's Joe Bellitis.
I think we got it.
I couldn't sleep till 2.30 in the morning.
I was so agitated after my conversation with Norma,
which was hours earlier in the night.
Sorry about that.
Although I did watch Deadpool.
Well, it wasn't just the part about you.
I mean, that's disturbing to me.
You've been on the show almost 20 years
to a fine job.
You're there when we need you.
And that's the problem.
You're part of this show.
You're not part of his, you're not on his buddies.
It's not about business.
It's personal.
He pretends it's about business
and about saving them money and all that.
It's got nothing to do with that.
This is a man who wants everybody in the building
to be one of his flunkies.
And you wait.
I don't.
You didn't come from Charlotte.
You didn't come from the West Coast of Florida.
You're not one of Joe's flunkies.
And so you're out, George.
Danny Boykane 13 from Jersey.
Says I'm a lawyer.
I was wondering if you could help me out.
I doubt it.
I'm a professional tutor, a lifelong fan
of the University of Miami and Rutgers.
I think Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player ever.
I think New York pizza is better than Walmart pizza.
I'm a perfectly normal person.
I am alive.
Yet everyone on the University of Miami message board
believes I died from a swine flu yesterday.
They said it was reported on CNN and Fox News
and the onion and TMZ that I died.
And I searched their sites extensively.
No, I did not die, but nobody believes me.
I posted videos on YouTube proving I'm alive.
And everyone thinks I'm an imposter.
Neil, can you please read this and convince everyone
I'm alive and well, I'm at my wood send.
Thank you for your help.
Danny Boykane 13 from New Jersey.
Do you have any idea what that means?
No, hey, he's not dead.
Kill some good time, though.
Kill about two minutes.
Oh, by the way, I did the wrong spot in the last breakout.
I'll swap it with the next hour.
I did the wrong spot.
I'm getting way ahead of myself.
1027 at 560, QM.
I bet you did a lot of b.
The New Rogers on sports,
whole radio, WQ, A.M.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Joyce is out to get us.
Absolutely.
What you read and just join us show.
Joyce is a fan of 30.
Huh?
Look in my radio.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh, they ain't farts.
Joyce went to Jitilu Blastoo.
But it's for stupid hat,
Roger the turtle.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh.
I don't wanna hear any more.
It's like, man, this is not about me.
Anybody out there, I got you.
I take up prisoners.
Get out of the gate.
I'm afraid of I need.
I'm just a destroyer.
I only shut a key to six business.
I don't have a key for any of that.
I'll be your buddy.
I'm like a nice guy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Grab the mouse.
Get me no more farts.
You know we can't play no farts.
I don't get a farts.
I don't know.
I don't get a farts.
I don't get a farts.
I don't get a farts.
1033, 2074, 11 at 5.
60 WQAM, you're destroying as they come station.
They just keep coming along and we keep obliterating them
from the human race.
We got Joe Bellitis.
Bad kid.
Terminal dose, I think.
So what are you doing to protect yourself from swine flu?
Nothing.
Me too.
I'm looking fewer people than I used to.
Yeah.
And don't take too many deep breaths when you're out among people.
No, I'm just up, stop breathing altogether.
That's a good idea.
In fact, I think you just solved the QAM problem, the beastly problem.
They really want to save money.
Why not just fire everybody?
We can have Joe and Clarence and Flea.
Flea's already demonstrated he can do about a dozen jobs.
We can just have the three of them run the joint and fire everybody else.
Sure.
I was going to say pay off people with contracts, but the day that these people pay anybody,
never going to happen.
See, that should have been the topic of this meeting between Norma and Joe Bell.
Come up with a number, Joe.
Write a check and he'll go away.
Because I'm sure that's what they want in spite of all their denials and in spite of your resistance to that idea.
Oh no, I think they want you to go away.
They're just not going to pay you to go away.
Right, that's right.
The fake Tom Jicke, a subject, Manny Munoz.
Manny Munoz has been calling Joe and Josh Dindigat on WQM.
He's currently the producer on South Florida's first news hosted by Jimmy Cifilis on 610WYOD.
No kidding.
He's an ass clown, Manny Munoz.
He used to crank call the goddess.
Oh, Manny Munoz.
What a loser.
Pete's in Lake Worth.
Peter.
Peter.
Yeah, I ran that.
Peter.
How you doing?
I'm all right, darling.
How you doing?
I got that Manny Fired, huh?
I got that Manny Fired.
Why'd you get fired, you hypocritical.
Oh, it's still man.
Why does Manny crank call the station?
What is his problem?
Because he's a lunatic.
He's a good friend of yours, though, Manny.
Yeah, we hang out all the time.
Isn't he one of yours?
I haven't seen him since we worked together.
Yeah, he's one of mine.
Speaking of that, Dave Johnson will be calling in Thursday for our annual Kentucky Derby preview show.
Speaking of one of yours, I'm thinking of that mole line.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
And you came up with maybe your best line of all time immediately.
You said I didn't know Dave was Jewish.
That was great.
Thank you.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, yesterday at the end of the show when I was choking to death.
Yeah.
And I'm glad I saved it because there were a lot of names.
I don't know who put that thing together.
Because there were a lot of names on that poll of people who are not Jewish.
Pauli Osev, whoever this Pauli guy is.
Joan Crawford, sure as hell wasn't Jewish.
Charles Bronson is Polish and Ukrainian, so he's not Jewish.
There's a whole bunch of people on here who are not and never have been and never going to be Jewish.
Pauli.
God.
Tony Randall's name was Sydney Rosenberg.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
I think it'd be fun to read the list again.
George Burns, Nathan Beerenbaum.
I just love that name.
That's a good name.
It's a great you name, man.
Beerenbaum.
I mean, Lipschitz is better.
Who was, how Lipschitz was at Hal Linden?
I think so.
I don't know. I put it just put it away.
Because otherwise I'll be tempted to read it again because they probably didn't get the benefit of it yesterday because I was sitting here choking to death.
Right.
Yagging on my, a Shwinehund flu.
You people in the media are a bunch of crazy people and every opportunity they get.
They overdo it.
They get people whipped up into a frenzy.
Oh, but they're going to save so many lives and Dr. Poop did there on CNN.
They're even asking is it, is it safe to eat pork products?
And the obvious answer is yeah, unless you're Orthodox Jewish.
Or Muslim.
Isn't it amazing how the Muslims and the Jews have got so much in common?
Not amazing at all.
They don't eat pork.
They're both Semites children of Abraham.
Circumuscribed.
Right.
Nifty headgear.
Sure.
Brandon says here's something for the poll.
Why today is the first day in a, and you know something?
Today is only a week that I've had this crowd.
It seems like months.
Yeah.
But it was a week ago today that I said I don't know what I'm doing here today and I can barely speak.
That was the day this thing really kicked in.
Well, a week is not that long for a sinus infection or anasty cold or the regular non-swine flu.
Oh, he's got the bird flu.
He's got the avion flu.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Everybody go out and stock up on cipro.
Everybody was buying cipro and stockpiling it.
And then about two weeks later there was no more avion flu.
That's right.
There's avion.
You can buy it in bottles if you want expensive water.
Brandon says here's something for the poll.
One thing that drives me beyond nuts are sloppy eaters.
I know it's asking too much for manners, but please don't be a complete slob at the table.
You want to put that on there?
Doing it now.
Eat sloppy.
I wonder Jennifer Velopi eats sloppy.
Oh.
Tony Cigarette would know, but he's retired now.
So just amazing what's going on.
Everybody is vanishing.
Everybody's either getting fired or taking early retirement or being forced out.
Radio TV, newspapers, magazines.
Everybody's getting squeezed out.
It's the big squeeze.
It's the big screw.
So next time you see Joe Bell looking in with a real...
Baaah!
Look.
Alright.
Don't let him feed you any crap man.
He hates you like poison.
I understand.
He doesn't give a crap about you, about your family, about your life, about your responsibilities.
He couldn't care less about you.
And he also doesn't like you on the year too now we find out.
This is the first, just another excuse.
I see.
Doesn't think you're an adequate replacement.
I see.
This came blurting out of his fat ugly mouth last night of this meeting.
Or when I went over the hell it took place.
Michael says Uncle Neil, please touch base on two topics.
The Craigslist killer fear on say, what is it to say about that?
He's a bad man.
People that go searching for other people on Craigslist must be crazy people.
Because that's where all the crazy people end up is on Craigslist.
And the Air Force 1 decoy flying over Manhattan.
Yeah, what were they thinking about?
What, what is there to say about those things?
What is there to say?
Except maybe...
Bwaah!
Yeah.
Bubba's topic today, how the cheap channel people are trying to sabotage his advertisers,
offering four competing stations per commercial.
Waaah!
Waaah!
Love always Mike W. Invoker.
But then that was really the cooped grace.
When Joe Bell uses Bubba the love sponge endorsement of the show as evidence that the show is just as fine as DIY.
Yeah, what else do you want?
What I'd like him to do is admit that Joyce and him have destroyed the show that we have very little left
and that they continue trying to do it.
They won't stop.
They won't be satisfied until everybody on the radio station has a point.
And we all went up at the Mount Elliott Soup Kitchen.
Oh, me!
Space and stands for nothing.
This is I with this news.
It'll ask if you have any Sarah Palin.
Know her daughter, Bristol, was having sex.
Darn right.
In the darkest of places.
In the butt.
I've been there with Joe the Plumber and Joe Sixpack and four bears.
We'll show you some racy clips.
It's enormous.
Four.
I wonder if Sarah being the slut, the horny slut that she is.
I wonder if she ever wanted to get her hooks into Levi.
I don't know.
Maybe she'd go, I sure would.
I want to get my Schmidt hooks into Levi.
But ain't going to happen.
Ain't never going to meet no Levi Johnston or his Johnson.
Tracking the swine flu online.
Here we go.
Right.
Right over there.
Click back on the United States.
It zooms over here.
If you're traveling, if you're doing, you want to know the latest reported cases.
Healthmap.org is helpful too.
And I don't see any in Greenland.
There's no people there either.
You want to be safe.
Go to Greenland.
Sure.
And a good idea on my way.
420 in just this morning.
428 votes on the pool.
I'll tell you what there's nobody else who's they're going to bring in.
Who's going to say just this morning?
I'm sure I'll read it out for them and put it on a post-it note here.
Yeah, read it out for free.
Now, so what's your take on that?
Idiotic pool that he suggested.
What where did that come from?
I don't know.
I don't think it's a very smart pool to take.
No, of course not.
You think I would do that pool?
You think I would even read it?
No.
Read the question?
No.
No.
This indicates to me that flea is as good as he is in many areas is not ready for prime time.
And certainly not ready to carry your shoes.
Or fill them.
By the way, the character Adam Baldwin played the crazy guy in that movie, Deadbolt.
He had squeaky loafers.
Okay.
Oh, what do you people starting with the ice cream?
I'm just recovering from this awful sinus infection and crud, the Shfinheun flu or whatever I got.
And you're starting with ice cream?
That's the last thing you need.
This is Blackie who I thought was my friend.
Blackie's generally a pretty good emailer.
Starting with the frickin ice cream.
Stop.
Stop now before it's too late.
It's not bad enough we got Joe Bellitis.
We got a fight.
Maybe we got Tinkerbell's palsy.
Okay.
Do you think that could be it?
I think I had like a little bit of that at the IOD once upon a time.
Remember that?
My lip was like clipping and.
Yes.
Although I'll tell you we never had the disease at IOD.
We had the corporate disease from the vents.
Oh, right.
What was that guy that listener that came in with his company?
Barry Jackass.
No.
Very Macockner.
Okay.
That's it.
No, whatever it was.
And they came in and they went through the vents in the building at IOD.
They volunteered to do it for free, which is the only way we could get it done.
And they took pictures of all the mong?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
It looked like mountains of crap in the vents.
Yep.
Mountains of it.
It's amazing. There was any air flow at all.
And we were sitting there breathing in this crap every day and everybody was always coughing and sick and puking.
And Bob Green's answer was, it's not financially expedient for us to do anything about it this time, Neil.
It's not financially all the people are like ready to pass out and croak, but it wasn't financially expedient.
Mm-hmm.
You people in management in this business, you're a bunch of grave robbers.
If there is a hell, Joe Bell will be there for eternity.
And I'd even be pleased to be there too, just to see him burn.
Just to see the torture and suffering he's going to endure for screwing up so many people's lives.
See, when they found him, what they were looking for was somebody with no conscience, none zero.
Somebody totally anti-human and they found him.
The answer, Joe, very simple is no.
No.
No.
That's it.
What part of the no don't you understand?
No.
Go diddle with somebody else's show.
Go fire some of the suits that are wandering around that building, doing absolutely nothing, pulling down thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars.
Hell a lot more than George is making.
Mm-hmm.
Blacky says, good morning, Neil.
I don't know if you have a basket of robins in Toronto.
Yes.
Or if you even like their ice cream, yes, I do. I love it.
There's a big basket of robins in the food court at the Eton Center, where you can do a lot of eating.
Wednesday is 31 cents scoop night.
I know you're trying to stay off the suites, but this sounds like a good deal.
Tell George to take the kids.
Trying to help out on these tough economic times.
And in closing, I'm sure Keith Magnuson is proud of his black hawks.
Rest in peace.
Yeah, the black hawks won a 4-1 last night. They won a series.
They beat the Calgary Flamers.
4-2, 4 games to 2.
BYE-LE-AINING!
I have an email about the black hawks.
Yep.
Has to do with those young studs.
I'll get to it. It's in my pile here. Just relax.
We got three hours and 10 minutes to go. Who's counting?
Let me say it again. 4 hours. Way too long.
Way too long. Half an hour would be good.
Do you think? Sure.
Be tight-shuff.
If I were you, though, I wouldn't be making too many comments, because I hear your time is limited.
That's what I hear.
I mean, what kind of devious, subhuman, debag?
Oh, look at this Academy of Doctors of Audiology, the sponsor, here for you to advance national hearing health during better hearing month.
Better get Joe Bell and touch with them, because he don't hear the word no.
Ain't going to happen, Joe. The word is no.
Get out of this show. Quit diddling with this show, man. Quit diddling with everybody's life.
You make us sick. You make us pine for Greg Reed.
Can you ever believe that that thought would even ever cross your mind?
No.
You make us pine for Mo.
Mo was a real gentleman compared to Joe.
I think we lost our Mojo.
And Manny Munoz. I think Manny is all these fakers.
It could be. It's been suggested.
Certainly somebody from the inside or somebody nutty enough and sometimes acknowledges names and all that crap.
DeFo, it's all circles around IOD.
Right.
Having heard from the youngsters, Jimmy Cifilis today, I wonder if the big O talked about the rift on the draft party over the weekend between the big O and Jimmy Cifilitic.
I don't know. Probably not allowed to discuss it. I don't know.
You want to play the tape? Let's play the big O2 for our.
Excuse me. Sorry. Well, no, what's going on with you?
You got some kind of just a quarantine.
Now Mike sends me an email, subject annoying.
It's got nothing to do with our poll question.
The poll question is about things that people do in your presence that you find repulsive and offensive, farting, burping those things.
Mike says, I can't stand it when I hear the limies and the people up north adding ER to words that end in A.
For example, Florida, China, Tampa, Georgia, what's up with that?
What's up with that? Is regional affectations? What's up with that, Mike?
The Brits do it. The South Africans do it.
Anybody with British crap in their blood? The Aussies do it.
Trevor Dindman does it all the time.
The Great Race Collar from Santa Nier adds an ER to words that end in A.
People from Boston, New York and the Brits and their kin are the ones who are the worst offenders.
What's the big deal with that? Who cares?
I'd rather hear somebody say Florida than let me ask you a question.
That bugs the hell out of me. Not for the poll, but just in terms of people speaking.
Let me ask you about Florida and Miami.
Miami beats Miami. That's what the late Swifty Shindler used to say.
I don't ever hear old crackers say that.
I never heard him call it Swifty Shindler until Ellie Brecher wrote that obituary.
Deadbolt, Adam Baldwin, Justine Bateman. Anybody see it?
I'm glad.
I enjoyed it. To probably going to say that's one of the worst movies.
Your taste in movies is bad as you taste in music, Neil, and food and everything else.
And general managers.
And one thing I'll say about a normal cant.
She has been totally, completely 100, I mean nobody's perfect if you said her.
100% ineffective since Joe Bell came to town.
Totally, thoroughly. I think they laugh at him.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
They laugh. I cry.
Alisa says Carrie Grant was Jewish, but his real name was Archibald Alexander Leach.
I did a paper on him in college.
Love you, Alisa. Thank you, Alisa.
The thing about the Jewish name was pretty interesting except for the goyem that run list.
Joan Crawford, Jewish. I mean, who put that together?
What kind of maniac?
Oh, here's the fake Tom Jicke again.
You know me. I'm not Mr. Radio or D.Fo.
As the brainstem would say, WQM needs some help.
Joe Rose cannot carry a talk show by himself. He is weak at best.
Really? Joe should rehire D.Fo and Geltie and create the first team.
Yeah, that's what we're looking for is to add a lot more people on the payroll.
Good timing, fake Tom Jicke.
We'll also throw in many Munoz while you're at it.
Oh my God. The fake Tom Jicke.
You know me. Yeah, I'm sure I do.
Some radio misfit.
Yeah.
Anybody that wants D.Fo back on the station must need mental help.
Maybe they have a fetish for corn.
That corn sure grows tall on the D.Fo show.
I heard it was special.
Yeah, really is special.
So you never saw it that bold, huh?
Not that I think of, but no.
I think you might enjoy it.
I'm going to give it a watch. I'm going to go steal it.
I mean, the end is predictable and you know all that, but it's...
Kills an hour and a half and it ain't so bad.
Oh, Neil!
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Are you ready boys?
Start galking.
Yeah.
Let's go.
You keep back and watch it.
I see the movie.
Cause the TV show was a very good.
You don't like your business, so you need a reason.
I'll give you one.
In fact, I'll give you two.
And these booze will make the watching.
That's what we hope you do.
Cause the TV only good things in the remake of the film.
If you don't like redneck and car chasing.
You might think this movie is the worst.
But we hope you will still buy a ticket.
Just to see what's popping out of my shirt.
These booze will make the watching.
That's what we hope you do.
Cause they're the only good things in the remake of the film.
Living out to at 560 WQM.
How can you be talking about anything beside the Shrinehone flu?
Right?
And alien.
And the Pope.
Let's get those tapes on on Friday.
When people turn it on, they want to hear Neil's voice.
That's what they want.
They don't want George.
They want to hear the tapes.
Right.
This man is a stubborn and intractable as a friggin' mule.
I don't want to do the whole show on Joe Beligan.
I remember those days when those ugly renegotiations
for my deal were going on.
Yes.
And air every day I would come in and scream and holler and carry on it.
And what did it accomplish?
Nothing.
No, just a lot of odd to do, a lot of stress.
Mark and Miami makes a good point.
He says Neil, not that the Florida legislature has been able to pass a budget
with a session set to win on Friday.
But that's because they have more important things to do.
Such as pass a bill offering Jesus license plates
with the money benefiting faith-based teaching at schools.
And our governor, the gay Charlie Chris, says that he would not veto the bill
because it doesn't violate separation of church and state.
He's even happy that he'll generate more money for the charities involved.
Let me know if there's room for more people in Toronto, Mark and Miami.
No, no more room.
In his clothes, Mark.
Sorry.
Sorry, Mark.
Stick with your gay governor.
Jesus license plates.
Isn't that great?
Yep.
You're going to tack one on here?
Front and back.
When they bring you that new vehicle?
That's right.
I mean, you talk about a liar.
You talk about an instant seer.
You talk about backstabbing.
Frontstabbing.
You talk about somebody evil.
I'd get him first before he gets you.
Botulism.
Put it in his wikina.
Why don't you suggest going out to lunch with Joe?
Okay.
Yeah.
And just happen to have a jar of botulism stuff.
And when he's not looking, when he goes to take a big dump,
which ought to give you plenty of time in his case,
just smear a bunch of it on his bread.
He'll think it's jam on it.
Adam Oshmaku, we already know, is lifeless over there in Kitchener Waterloo.
Sends me an email about the swine flu.
It's in Russia, the Czech Republic, even in Livingston,
Alleyin, Counties, and Michigan.
It'll be in Toronto by next week.
This is what people have no life.
They sit around and fret and get all patty.
Get a life, Adam.
Get a search party together, round final life.
Get a search party together and go find a penis.
Even your own would be a good start.
Mike says, last week you said this, since the joke,
the ratings for most of QM's host have dropped.
I have news for you.
The reason your ratings have dropped,
has nothing to do with Joe Bell, has everything to do with $790.
The host on $790, not only talk about sports,
they talk about many other topics that benefit him.
That's why I said the kid had one shares in the morning
and Sadano's got one shares in the midday.
Jim Mandice is so old school,
unless you're 60-year-older, you're not going to find him interesting.
Dan La Bastard and Stu Gotts on the other hand are extremely entertaining
and they discuss many topics that guys like to talk about
and they always have interesting guests.
Mark my word when you finally retire.
Dan La Bastard will be the main man in South Florida radio.
Says Mike, you should live so long, Mike.
And it's interesting, and he also lumps Stu Gotts in there,
like he belongs on a year.
When Stu Gotts was on this station, what did I say?
He doesn't belong on a year, even to say hello.
Goodbye, yes, but not hello.
One note, Charlie, it's the Dan La Bastard, it's all they got.
And this business about all their other hosts, they're not entertaining,
they have no numbers, they got no audience.
And just like they were doing when they first went on a year,
and this obviously is from somebody over there,
they keep trying to talk themselves into ratings.
Either you've got them or you don't.
It's like balls, either you've got them or you don't.
And speaking of don't, Bob said listen to the first 30 minutes
of the big old show yesterday, he didn't mention a word about what happened over the weekend.
Sounds like he's been neutered, so to speak.
Maybe he's not rock solid.
After all, what do you think?
I don't know.
Oyeshmoid, you was back, chronic.
He says, we love you, George.
I know we all ragged on George as part of the show.
I think it would be a huge mistake to make canon.
He brings the dimension of the show that no one else can.
Besides if he goes, what will we bitch about?
Is the back station of the stabbing and every day thing?
No, it's not an everyday thing, it's an every second of every minute of every hour thing.
Since this new regime, this evil regime came in and took over.
He says, George is the next mole man.
You won't have him to kick around no more.
We wish you well, George, and all your future endeavors.
Joe Bell is swine and he's about to get you.
How do you like that?
Well, Joe Bell is swine.
Maybe that's what that flu came from.
Yeah.
I wonder if he's been to Mexico lately.
Let's send him there and put him on a subway, crowded subway.
I think that's a capital idea.
George Ann says, what the F-Duel Bell?
Besides you, Neil, George does a great job holding down the fort
when you're sick around vacation.
He actually keeps the audience listening and participating, especially with the young
listeners who are the future of your show.
Personally, that roller derby crap sucks, but that's just me.
Still better than any Schmitty tape.
Screw Joe Bell always listening, George Ann.
Thank you, George Ann.
Thank you, George Ann.
She likes you.
She likes you just fine.
And the summer rating book has shown that year after year.
I'm only on two days a week, George, as most of the show is the ratings.
We still remember one on the station.
A lot of summers were number one in the market.
Right?
Most.
More often than not.
The fact that we don't do any marketing, we have no promotion in the fact that the signal is unlistable.
Those two things have nothing to do with the fact that the numbers are gone down.
It's the fact that 790 is doing so great with their gigantic one shares.
What do you guys say?
You guys keep it up.
Keep talking a good game.
Keep trying to convince yourselves.
And then when you got paid religion there on 790, when Lincoln Financial finally gives up the ghost.
And you got paid religion on there.
Oh gee, what happened?
We were doing so good.
Kicking some serious ass.
Sid the kid.
He was perfect for them.
Big mouth.
Talk a big game and produce nothing.
And how's that new morning show coming?
I bet your Steve White was on again this morning.
Because I checked their website.
Stay tuned for the new exciting morning show.
I double-dogged here then to put Stu Gotts on alone in the morning.
Well, Bastard don't need him.
Put the Stu Gotts show in the morning.
Do you like that?
Sounds great.
Stu Gotts in DFO.
And Josh Friedman.
And...
Come on, Atchah!
Jerks.
Wow.
And we'll even throw in...
That's a dream team you're talking about.
The dream, the scream team.
Oh no, you need Jimmy Cifilis for that.
Can you believe he said he's a screamer or something like that?
He said he knows how to scream.
Yeah.
I'll still got that if you want to hear it again.
No, no.
Let's not play that crap again.
If I thought there was going to be something really volatile there,
something really exciting, we were hoping.
It was coma inducing.
And if that's enough to get the sports and there's all whipped up out there,
although I guess compared to the rest of the drafts,
it must have been pretty damn assimilating.
I reckon.
If you've been injured and retained in the turn,
don't wait for your case to settle to get the money you need.
Fast funds will advance cash for your personal injury case
so that you can afford to wait while your attorney takes the time
to recover the maximum possible amount for your case.
Don't wait for the cash that you wrote.
They pay now and never charge interest.
And if there's no recovery in your case, you owe them nothing.
Call them to get your money now, 305-598-6430,
or apply online at fastfundsforu.com.
If you've been injured and retained in the turn,
only one call pays you now.
Fast funds advance his money for your personal injury
and they never, ever charge interest.
When you suffer an injury, the expenses can add up really fast.
So don't wait for the money you wrote.
Fast funds advance his cash for your case now.
And like I said, they never charge interest.
305-598-6430.
That's 305-598-6434.
Fast funds.
Oh, Neil!
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Neil?
God?
Oh, you can tell your fans.
You don't like their demands.
If they have some requests, you'll just say no.
And then tell them on my can to tell them management.
You want nobody missing with your show.
Go round from ten to two.
And when your shift is through,
tell George he can relax and smoke some weed.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
Yeah.
He even almost makes you miss Gregory.
Absolutely.
But don't play a fart.
The sound of a fart.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with a peacefully clam.
Don't play a fart.
Oh, I just got back in my chair just in the nicotine
my hall is meant to lift us.
Excellent.
No, they're not excellent.
They're reading on these.
No, I mean, next one, job.
Get it back in your chair.
Oh, just a minute, continue, man.
So Paul is back who sent me the Jewish names list.
Yes.
He says, just copied and pasted a list I found.
I didn't verify all the names.
But now you made me go back and look at a couple
that some other people questioned as well.
Apparently, Eddie Albert and his ancestors
were Christians, his ancestors.
You ready for that?
OK.
I could not find anywhere else that confirmed Joan Crawford
was a Jew as well about your better knowledge.
I don't have any knowledge of it.
It just seems unlikely.
Yeah.
Charles Bronson was Jewish.
I found that in several places on Google.
He says, well, somebody sent me an email at the end of the show
yesterday, adamant that Charles Bronson was not.
So whatever he is, he is.
Right.
Like Michael said to what's his name?
You are what?
You are what you are.
Ralph Lorenz, real name is Ralph Lipschitz.
Levi Strauss and Calvin Klein were also Jewish.
Now, there's a few Jews still left.
There's still a few who was running around.
Although if Joe Bell has his way, now that's interesting.
Maybe Joe thinks that since you're speaking to Yiddish now.
Yeah.
That there's a little Jew in you.
That could be.
Fat man after dark.
Boy, haven't heard from him in a long time.
I remember him.
Right?
I missed the first hour of the show.
What's up with George?
Has he been let go?
Well, he's right here.
You still here?
Amazingly.
That would be a terrible mistake, but not unexpected for these
fans to make such a short-sighted, ridiculous move.
While they're trying, Joe Bell is trying very hard.
He wants George out.
Now, immediately if not sooner.
Right.
He was, as he was giving me a shot.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different
results.
If your lawyer is incompetent, hire another one or get a real agent or both, you're
a nationally known radio personality.
You have the money.
You have a contract.
What's the problem?
If your lawyer is useless and can't get the job done, who is responsible, not him?
Remember, no one cares as much about you as you.
Have a nice day.
You.
Rives with you.
You.
You.
You.
You.
Yeah.
Here's a dead person.
Frankie Manning dies at 94.
Help popularize the Lindy Hop.
Who?
The Lindy Hop.
A little before your time, Fr.
I'll say.
Frankie Manning was a star attraction of Harlem's Savoy Ballroom and brought to swing dance
or is that swine dance?
Swing dance, a flare for theatrical, helped Ketapal to Lindy Hop from Ballroom's Disagent
Screen.
Frankie Musselhead Manning, a Harlem dancer and Tony Ward choreographer, widely celebrated
as one of the pioneers of Lindy Hop.
A breathless, acrobatic swing dance style of 30s and 40s, died April 27.
That sounds like yesterday to me at New York City's Lennox Hospital of pneumonia.
He was 94.
He was only 94 and he got pneumonia and then he died.
The effortlessly nimble Manning was a star attraction of Harlem's Savoy Ballroom and
brought to swing dance a flare for the theatrical that helped Ketapal to Lindy Hop from Ballroom's
Disagent Screen.
It's had Cynthia Milman, who co-owned, who co-wrote Manning's self titled 2007 memoir.
Frankie Musselhead Manning.
Never heard of him.
Did you?
No.
What's that?
That's some swing music just for the occasion.
I'm going to do the Lindy Hop here.
Yeah, hop on it.
That's what Joe Bell said.
Hop on it.
Jump on Z.
That nothing?
Yeah.
Dana, who's really getting on my nerves, you know, chronic.
Dana says yesterday we're discussing awful sports casters calling games.
One for a poll should include Jean Deckerhoff, voice of the Tampa Bay Yucks.
He is in my humble opinion by far the worst.
Absolutely incorrect wrong.
Jean Deckerhoff, I haven't heard him in years, but he used to be great.
He did all the FSU sports on the radio and he did the bucks.
He's done it for years.
I guarantee you, Jean Deckerhoff is 80,000 times better than Jimmy Syphilitic.
I bet you're about $1,000 right now.
Jean Deckerhoff, my ass.
This is a guy who hates the bucks evidently.
So therefore, Jean Deckerhoff must suck.
I don't know.
I don't know what your problem is, Danny.
Your taste is in your tukus.
James says, oh, here we go.
Love the show.
Unfortunately, I didn't get to listen much anymore since I worked during the day.
But a friend told me you mentioned the Chicago Black Hawk's last week, something about you
wanted to be in the locker room after a game.
Oh, yeah.
Well, my girlfriend used to live in Chicago.
She's very good friends with some of the hawks.
She talks a lot with Patrick Sharp.
She knows Kane and Taves fairly well too.
So which of the boys are your favorites?
Kane.
And I don't mean Steve.
I'm sure she can get you an autograph picture or something.
Or maybe she can ask them to set up a webcam in the locker room so you can watch post-game
highlights.
Just a guy trying to say thank you for all the years of entertainment and last year
given me.
Let's hope they finish off the flames tonight in Calgary 2 Go Hawks.
And they did four to one.
Bye, bye flames.
That's a franchise I just can't warm up to so to speak the Calgary flames.
You know, they used to be the Atlanta flames.
You know who broadcast their games when they were the Atlanta flames?
Old jigs McDonald old hack.
He was in the car with Rimmer one day when he was doing the Panther games when he first
came to town.
And Rimmer of course had my show blasted on there and was kissing up to me by way of
jigs.
And somebody coincidentally called and asked me what I thought about jigs McDonald coming
to do the Panther games and I said he's an old hack.
Yeah, like you can imagine.
Can you imagine to look on Rimmer's push?
No.
Oh my good friend Neil, he's great.
He's a hockey maven.
Bum-bum-bum-bum.
And there's old jigs.
Old hack jigs.
Back to the island just man, a hundred years ago.
See, this is the trap that we get into in this business is that you know we make a certain
amount of money and we survive a certain amount of time.
And then it's time to retire.
But a lot of us can't afford to retire like Ricky Tiki Shaw.
I never had a response after he sent me that to think about the phone calls.
Yeah.
Now you know, Bos floor to this guy sends me all the obituaries but Bos your great guy,
good emailer, I don't need obituaries about horses, okay?
Wow.
Here's one from Baron Fitz.
Uncle Neil, when this whole thing started with Joe Bell wanting to get rid of George, I was absolutely sure it was stick.
I thought nobody could be that stupid.
I mean, what kind of fat retarded douche bucket would even mess with the highest rate of show on a station?
You and George are a trapper island in the middle of a sea of radio crap.
Go away, Joe Bell.
Says Baron Fitz.
Go away, Joe Bell.
Do you think that's a great idea?
No, you don't have to comment.
Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't listening.
I don't think anybody else is either.
That's because they got that George Sadauna on across this dream.
And whoever they got on, I don't know, I got some other nerd until noon.
Some turd.
Fake Larry Kings is, I can't understand why mad dog gets no ratings.
He's one of a kind talent as a great show.
To me, the problem is the mornings.
Joe Rose's mind numbing.
The big O is Howard Stern, but at least he has the common fan passion that's missing on some of the other shows.
The young Cuban wire in LeBaster for obvious reasons.
I think he means right in LeBaster.
I don't know what he's talking about.
The young Cubans.
Is an ethnic thing with LeBaster?
I don't know.
Remember, he said, we won the World Series, not the Marlin.
That's right.
We Cubans won the World Series.
That was a long time ago.
And he got away with it.
I was the only one who even commented on that.
It was one of the most egregious things ever written in the horrible pages of the Miami-Herald.
And nobody called them on it.
Kenny Rogers says, whatever happened to Kenny Rogers,
I thought he was coming to our stations.
He's on in the weekend or the one that they can't across the street.
I thought he was on the shuttle.
Wasn't he?
I guess.
No, I guess that was just a river.
He says, high-neil in George, you guys are gangster.
When my throat was really bad last year, I found those Ricola honey cough drops
with that echinaceous stuff and that f-n-crap work wonders.
Try some.
I've done it.
Don't work.
Do it.
Just do it.
If you guys watched the Obama Deception movie,
a friend of mine just told me about it.
I know you don't like links, but when you guys get a second,
on your own time, please go to YouTube and type in the Obama Deception
and prepare to have your minds blow away.
The film, this film exposes the Bilderberg group
and the possibility of a centralized bank.
Furthermore, it educates us on the realities behind the Kennedy assassination,
the Social Security scandal and a bunch of other interesting topics.
Sounds like Kenny Rogers is the right-wing lunatic.
Maybe.
Michael with the territory, sports nerds, right-wing lunatics.
So I've heard.
It was a mistake.
It was a setup, he said.
The Kenny Rogers.
Yeah, it was a setup.
Life is a setup.
And of course, Joe Bell, he's just waiting to set you up.
He's probably going to have somebody with like four pounds of weed
under their arms waiting by your car one day when you go out here,
or have a car.
Okay?
Just keep that in mind, okay?
Okay.
The fat man is out to get your ass.
I'm getting a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Ah!
I need a black magic marker.
You got a black magic marker.
It's the black magic marker, I'm right better speaking up to you.
I need a black magic marker and my eyes are so bad I can't see
Keep the cap on a baby The cap keeps it from fading
Don't lose the cap, boy baby It keeps the boister as the ink
I like it threshold and baby I can help the boat in Parker's Sea
Oh, that's it! Trick ending, I hate that, don't you?
Well, at least it ends with that, as opposed to just ending like somebody else
Watch here that again
Get it back it up? I'm back it up
I hope that...
I like it threshold and baby I can help the boat in Parker's Sea
Oh! What was that? What was that sound I just heard?
I didn't hear anything, I heard Henry Barrow
Boss Florida says Gene's build his FSU games and I agree he's good
He's damn good, Gene Decker-Haw
I mean here's a market where we got Joseph Gackie doing hurricane sports
Jimmy Cifillitic doing the dolphins and we got Rich Walls pretending to do the Marlins
Marlins and we got Red Deer Randy Silly Smoor doing the Panther games and they're not
Can Gene Decker-Hawth?
Boy, something's wrong with this picture
Something really, really wrong
So what do you think about that Spine Hoon flu, huh?
What about it?
Lissette says, hey Neil, I'm so glad you're sounding better today
I know how you feel as I just got over a cold I know how hard it is to get completely rid of it
Here that they're coming for me
Well, anyways, glad you're feeling better
Tell Jolly Joda Bug Off because you enjoy Georgia great
Yeah, Bug Off Jolly Joda, that's gonna do a lot of good
I love your show when you guys give me through my work day
I also enjoy it a good job while you're out of town
Keep up the great work and don't let Joe get you down
This is Lissette, thanks Lissette
Yeah
Kevin says, hey Neil, Mandage can take solace in this
Whenever Le Bastard takes a day off and Stu gots alone does the show
The dial immediately is turned to 560 and Mandage
Between the Marlins preempting to end show half the week
And Stu gots when he tries to do a show by himself
These factors should help Mandage and Future trans during the afternoon
How is it possible that anyone lets Stu gots on the air when people are awake?
Excellent point
Le Bastard is funny as a talent but he'll be fighting a losing battle against Stu in the Marlins
Love you Neil, George Stays, periods is Kevin
You stay, period
Well, thank you
Gosh dang it
You know, Charlie Christ your um, limperous gay governor says don't like the Jesus plate, don't buy it
Oh, well then
Earlier in the day, Western Democratic Senator Nan Rich said she would urge governor Charlie Christ to veto proposed license plates
That depicted Jesus and that depicted a cross in front of a stained glass window
Asked about whether he'd veto the legislation, Christ said no way
I would not veto those, no I would not Christ said
So you don't have a problem with Jesus on a license plate, Christ, no I don't know
What about separation of church and state, Christ, if they don't want one, they don't have to buy one
Is that state endorsement of religion?
I think what is it saying God we trust in every single piece of monetary coins and paper
We have I think it's fine says your gay governor Charlie Christ hypocrite phony faker
Suck it up to his Republican base, you know, yep his naive government Republican base for a two foolish to realize that he's a screamer
GAY
Flamer
FAMI
Somebody got married, you know, yeah that proves it to me
So did Tony Perkins
So did David Cassidy
So did Elton John get married remember that?
Yeah, oh yeah
Wow
Here's the poor result, let me print it out, I don't want to read it off of this thing
Can I do that? Please
I'm making a nice comeback, I'll tell you that
Sound queer as a belt, I do
You're fairer, yeah
Okay, I'm printing out the poll result, it's my mighty important crap
I wish I would have been at that meeting yesterday, I wonder if they went to lunch
I would have brought my botulism with me
Looks like jelly
For Joe and Norma
488 votes on the poll, the most annoying habit other people can do it in my presence is
He mid-bad breath or BO
Ugh, 116
Smelly old Chinese man
Two with their mouth open, 58
Pick their nose, 56
Fart, 49
Have a loud cell phone conversation, 34
Spit on the ground, 28
Spit while talking, 28
Chugam Noisily, 26
Scratch their balls, 16
Whistle, 13, home, 12
Crack their knuckles, 10
Wow, nice
Sneeze eight, cough eight, pick their T-6, scratch their butt five, burp five
Bite their nails for each sloppy three, jingle their keys three
Is that kind of like a signal when people guys jingle their keys?
Is it like when they were the red-hanky and the left-back pocket or the other?
I don't know how that goes, tap their foot
Oh, it's the tap their foot and the stall
Gay, wow, just yell out
You fairer
And then run like a son of a bitch, could be Larry
There's the president
And part of what makes the FBI so unique is its ability to adapt
Oh, speaking of gay, how about gay at your Hoover?
How could we make him out of them out of the mix?
Don't you love that expression, that's another stupid
So and so is, they use that in Goffa law, when they're reading the leaderboard, you know?
No, I don't know
And so and so is in the mix
Well, what the hell does that mean?
I mean, I know what they are trying to say, but what are they?
Oh
So many stupid expressions in so little time
And now we get to Shfinheon flu when the economy is falling apart
And they're telling everybody to stay home and don't fly and don't travel and oh my god
I'm going to start hoarding nickels and pennies and dimes
All right
In my mattress
Oh, ought to be comfy
No, under the mattress, you know
The part between the mattress and the box spring, whatever
Under the mattress?
Yeah
Well, you sure slowed down on these emails, I'll tell you that, Neil at Nearoges.com
See that? I might actually have a relapse
Nearoges
Hi y'all, it's Britney Spears with another blog update
Well, I'm here with my new boyfriend, he's a backup dancer on my tour
What up?
And we're about to watch an important speech from President Obama, turn on the TV, babe
Americans have much to be proud of
All forces on the drop of the devil, the economy is getting back on track and Britney Spears is K-E-R
Did I hear what I think I heard? The economy is back on track? That's awesome
Oh, seniorista Britney, oh, hi, consuela, she's my housekeeper, y'all
See, seniorista Britney, yo tengo un mensaje ms importante, English please consuela, oh, lo siento, yor-
... is hanging out
Chris is dang, I didn't even know she spoke English
Babe, I think she said you're f***ing hanging out
Oh, I'm J, so embarrassing, let me step this back in
Okay, that's it for today's blog, T-T-Y-L-Y-O
Oh, yeah, y'all
I'm just printing something out
Mark and West Palm says, fire George Ponderous
This is all flaming a-hole Joe Belko come up with, why doesn't somebody fire his ass?
Glad you're sounding better, Neil, and George delivers the top-notch product as always
Is your friend Mark and West Palm? How do you like that?
I think Mark, I didn't even know I had one
How do I boy, Mark?
The fake Superman says, I have two movie suggestions for both you and George and we've both seen both of them
Bill Maher is religious and zeitgeist, which has been on our website for months and months and months right
Both movies debunk religion and zeitgeist gets into many secrets of the government
For George, there's a torrent for zeitgeist on their website, but we got it on our website
Says the fake Superman, okay, thanks, faker
Only 16 till noon, my god, just because my voice came back, don't mean I'm ready to do four hours
Fire and peg and mustard the wonder dog, remember them from Moridian Idaho?
Yes, how could you forget? Oh, and I got to play a thing too
One moment please
Neil, today is my birthday, the big 55
I've been listening for over half my life, thanks for the laughs, keep it coming
I'm starting to catch up with you, Neil, it's not bad becoming an old man
Yes, it is, that's my advice to all you people don't ever get old
Joe Bell is an ass clown, George must stay, you guys making great team
The media is going crazy about this wine flu, around 35,000 people each year with a flu
When it starts getting like 19, 18, 18, so we should start worrying
And of course, back in 1918, they didn't have antibiotics and stuff, you know
Right, mass media, all of these
All of these are in the mass hysteria
Yeah, mass hysteria, that's what we need
Everybody pay
When in question or end out, run in circles, scream and shout
AHHHHH
Dear Neil, I don't know what that guy is talking about, Gene Decker-hoff is a great
Is great compared to the coma inducing Joe Zagaki
Honestly, how long is he going to ride the sympathy train for that horrible plan accident where he was the only survivor?
That doesn't mean he's fit to broadcast UM Sports on the radio, UM should spend some bucks in a real broadcast
Well, that's what I'd say about Gene Decker-hoff, he ain't no Joe Zagaki, thank God
And you would say the same if you knew who Gene Decker-hoff was
Steve in Kendall says
My ex-wife was from former East Germany and was well versed in the Urb-Lor of Europe
When I got cold, she prescribed teammate of Lyndon Leaves, time, Spitz-Wegrich and Kohl's Foot
Lyndon and time are easy to get, time is my favorite
And we'll really clean out your sinuses and get rid of any nasty cough
It's highly antiseptic, time-alls and active ingredient and listerine and kicks butt
Well, how do you like that? Thanks, Stephen Kendall, a rat
I got a big good jug of listerine in my bathroom
Do you know? Do you think I ought to be garling with it a little bit?
A little bit, why not? Can't hurt
I don't like garling
It's not what I heard
I'm telling you, it makes you nauseous
You don't get nauseous, garling?
If you do it wrong
Oh, here's an article, the general art of changing Jewish names and it goes on, it's about eight billion words long
Wow, is there a sister?
Oh, that's right up my alley, Sally
Although I don't want to be reading a lot of long ponderous stuff today
Bronson was a Lithuanian
It says a Lithuanian, Lipka
Tatar, the sinner, which would make him a Sunni Muslim
He was born in the Pennsylvania cool town, young as the 15 children, they were dirt poor
Well, all kinds of conflicting stories about Charles Bronson
He was Jewish, he was Goyish
Oh, Dana
Dana comes back with this anti-gene decarhoff crap
It's really, it's almost funny, it would be funny if it weren't so sad
Let's see the defensive is idiotic comments
This general art of changing Jewish names, this goes on for like 400 pages
Great
Wow, go on, buy some more facts paper, maybe it's a good thing I got a case
A case of what?
Flu, oh, Shfinhun Flu
Dana says the reason I don't care for gene decarhoff is because he makes a
3 yard gain sound like an 80 yard run for a score, sorry to be chronic
I'll just listen and leave you and then soon departing George alone
Why not just off Joe Bell and George who his excellent can stick around? Love the show never to lose Dana
Oh, I, what is there to say?
To each his own, I mean you're entitled to your opinion just happen to be bad wrong on gene decarhoff but that's where it goes
This is the business we have chosen
He mid bad breath or BO122 that seems to be winning hands down your pants
Two with their mouth open, 59
Pick their nose, 57, fart, 51, 52
In fact if we get the fart sounds back we could change the logo of the station
fart 56, I like it
Fart 56
Who? What was that?
I don't know
Oh this is from Oishmoiju
It is one, two, three, four, five, six pages long
Wow
Oh
I'll read a little bit of it, okay? Okay
See see see if it's assimilating enough for us to take it all the way through
You think? Let's take it for a test drive
The Medanski brothers max Solomon Benjamin and Jacob have written that their names henceforth will be May
It's the good old Anglo-Saxon name but the Medanskis are of Ageotic origin
Elmo Lincoln a movie actor comes in with LA court on the motion of his wife
And it's discovered that he is only auto-linked
A large department's their owner was born with the name Levy he now is known as Litten
It's quite possible he didn't like Levy as a name
Why did he change it for another Jewish name? Or perhaps it was the Jewishness of Levy that just placed him
Like Lipschitz, Birrenbaum and Goldberg
A popular tenor star recently bought suit against his wife
Who married him after allowing him to believe she was of Spanish origin
I understood from her misleading stage name that she was Spanish when I married her
Later I found out she was Jewish and a real name was Bergenstein
I wonder if she was kin to stand Bergenstein
One of the big... this goes on and on and on
Well, I'll just read a little bit just till the show's over
One of the biggest investment on stores in the US goes under an honored Christian name
Though every one of the owners is Jewish
The public still carries a mental picture of the good old merchant who established the store
Which picture would speedily change if the public could get a glimpse of the real owners
Take the name Belmont for example and trace its history
Prior to the 19th century the Jewish residents in Germany didn't use family names
It was Joseph the son of Jacob, Isaac Ben Abraham, the son being designated the son of his father
But in the Napoleonic era especially following upon the assembly of the great San Hedron under Napoleon's command
Because the distinct change in Jewish customs in Europe
In 1808 Napoleon sent out a decree commanding all Jews without family names
And Austria list of surnames was assigned to the Jews and if the Jew was unable to choose the state chose for him
The names were devised from precious stones as Rubenstein, precious metals such as Goldstein, Silverbird, plants, trees and animals such as
Mandelbaum, Luleanthal, Ox, Wolf and Lowe
The German Jews created surnames by the simple method of affixing the syllable son to the father's name
Thus making Jacobson, Isaacson while others adopted the names of localities in which they lived
The Jewish resident in Berlin becoming Berliner and the Jewish resident in Oppenheim becoming Oppenheimer
Are you finding this mildly interesting? I'm actually finding it fascinating
Are you? I love this very much
Oh, God, I may have most of my voice back but this is going to be the end of it
I think Oishmoj Jew is a plot, it's a plot
Now in the region of Schoenberg in the German Ryan country a settlement of Jews had lived for several generations
When the order to adopt surnames went forth Isaac Simon, head of the settlement chose the name of Schoenberg
It signifies in German beautiful hill, it is very easily fragified into Belmont which also means beautiful hill or mountain
A Columbia University professor once tried to make it appear that Belmont originated in the Belmont
He's family of Portugal but found it impossible to harmonize this theory with the Schoenberg facts
It is not worthy that a Belmont became American agent of the Rothschilds
And that the name of Rothschild is derived from the Red Shield on a house in the Jewish quarter of Frankfurt on the main
Yeah, I heard that story
Why the original family name? What the original family name has never been divulged
The Jewish habit of changing names is responsible for the immense camouflage that has concealed the true character of Russian events
When Leon Bronstin became Leon Liotratsky and when the Jewish Afro-Bombe becomes the Russian Zion's viv
And when the Jewish colon becomes the Russian Volodarsky and so on down through the list of controllers of Russia
Golden and becomes Isgwev and Friedman become Flotter Mirov
It's difficult for people to think that names do not lie to see just what's transpiring
What does that mean? I don't know
Indeed, there is any amount of evidence that in a number of cases this change of names or adopting of cover names as the Jewish description is for purposes of concealment
There is an immense difference in the state of mind in which a customer enters the store of Isgwev and the state of mind in which he enters the store of Alex May
And what would be his feelings were in that Isgwev painted up the name of Alex
May with that state of mind and view when Rosenbluth and Schlesinger becomes the American mercantile company there's justification for the feeling that the name of American is being used to conceal the Jewish character of the firm
The tendency for Jews to change their names dates back very far there was and there is a superstition that to give a sick person of the name is to change his luck
And save him from the misfortune destined upon his old name
There was also the biblical example of a change of nature being followed by a change of name as when Abraham became Abraham and Jacob became Israel
There's nothing in here about when the Udelevic became a Solomon
Well, you can tell us that story yourself
Yeah
Like grandparents, they didn't want to be so conspicuously Jewish when they came from Russia
So when they came from the old country they changed their name from Udelevic to Solomon
Aight
A Polish Jew named Zuckermandol emigrating to Hungary would be anxious to show that he had shuffled off the Polish allegiance which his name proclaimed
And the only way he could do this would be to change his name which would like to become a Zuckor, a perfectly good Hungarian name
Originally the Zuckors were not Jews now the usual guess would be that they are
In the US it would be almost a certainty such a change as Mr. Zuckermandol would make however would not be for the purpose of concealing the fact he was a Jew
But only to conceal the fact that he was a foreign Jew
Oh, this just I don't know about you but it was pretty interesting the first five million words
Yeah
It goes on and on and on and on until I stop reading
This is pretty quick whatever I shape my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
Real American a-holes
Real American a-holes
We salute you
Mr. Karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
Mr. Karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
You'll lug your crap around my death tonight
Just so some drunken slob can butcher piano man
It's high the fr-
You can do ice- up
Your equipment is state of the art
Your Karaoke collection is the best
But you are 42 years old and you still live with mother
How did it bring me my tape?
You fancy yourself as an entertainer
But does it really take any talent to introduce Sue and Josh singing Magaritaville?
Where's the song where's the song now?
Sure your cushy gif means you meet a lot of chicks
But they all smell like hot wings and look like John Madden
So we salute you Mr. Karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
You're my space page, you're nine volt batteries and you're posted notes
You are a real American a-hole
Provo one at five sixty WQ I am happy Tuesday to you
We got the big O rock solid
At two o'clock
Now somebody sends me a copy of this
I think I read it once before
Posted February 22nd 2009
Letter to the editor, the hurricane reader, the UM or newspaper
The hurricane?
Yes
At any rate
It says most people can agree that hurricane athletic is second to none
I don't agree with that but nevertheless
The list reads like a resume, five national football championships, four baseball national championships
And countless of words in other sports
However there's one award you will never hold for a long time
And that's the word for college broadcasters
In fact I'm more than willing to say that UM has the worst broadcasters among all division one schools
Therefore I believe Joe Zagaki should be in the unemployment line
Zagaki is affectionately known to his few and I do use the word few loosely fans as Joe
And is the main play by play voice for a football basketball and the occasional baseball game
Listening to Zagaki call a game is like nails against the blackboard
There are times when I've avoided listening to hurricane games on radio because of Zagaki
His voice is so monotone and when he tries to yell he sounds like a person who needs to use the mechanical larynx
Because he lost his original one to the smoking
Zagaki's voice is so bad it's gotten him major notoriety from such radio personalities that Dan La Bastard and WQM veteran Near Rogers
There's no requirement of being friendly in this line of work and Zagaki make sure that he doesn't fit the bill
As one former co-worker of Zagaki told me, Joe is a cold person because he's constantly looking over his shoulder
Thinking somebody will take his job
Zagaki's unprofessional conduct also got him into trouble when he confronted WQM and answers after a baseball game last May
You made a mistake!
I wonder what that was about
I don't know
My question is, who's asses Zagaki kissing the keeper's job as the voice of one of the proudest universities in the country?
I was surprised to not find one person who said they enjoyed listening to WQM's broadcast
Someone even further saying they would rather listen to WQM and sit as Zagaki
There are several candidates out there where I think it would be more than qualified to be the new voice of the hurricanes
Dave Lamont, Jeremy Mark, I already read this, Jeremy Mark's peltz, who's the guy across the street I guess
In the meantime, Zagaki should probably line up for a job at Don Bailey Carpid with that other stooge who thinks he's an analyst
Wow, pretty scathing from Paul Thompson
Doctorate, man!
Joseph Gaki sucks, okay?
Well, we haven't heard
Doctorate, man!
Wow, so you know, he can never play it too much
Almost all companies have a stated policy says this email
And if you work for them, you're not allowed to work for a direct competitor after working a part-time basis
Most radio and TV personalities only work for one station or channel
I have never seen a radio and TV commentator work at two stations
WQA and Jimmy Cifalus seem to be the exception
Jimmy Cifalus is a broadcast with an offense games on WQM with Joe Rosenmandage
Then Jimmy Cifalus during the weekdays has a show on 6-10 in morning drive hours
Which is prime time for WQM's audience of males 25-54
And direct competition with his partner for the offense games Joe Rose
How does Jimmy Cifalus get away with it?
What was it in his contract that the dolphins want Cifalus as their analyst and radio broadcast with their games?
Or is it total incompetence in the part of WQM management?
What does Joe Bell do instead of trying to get rid of Cifalus who's taking markets here in thousands of dollars in advertising revenue from WQM and Warning Drive?
Joe Bell is trying to fire a George who probably makes less than 50 grand a year
You're always talking in your show about how evil Joe Bell is quite frankly I thought you were exaggerating to make your show exciting
Believe me we don't need this kind of excitement
But with Joe Bell trying to fire George I have to believe that you're right
Joe Bell is an evil person I enjoy your show very much
Lot's hang over the same word as yesterday which I won't read again
They get help
Yeah in La Punta
So what's the Punta?
Punta Gordon
What's the point?
We're here we show up that's all we can do
Oh my God, Neil look at the bottom of the page on the previous email on Jewish names
The date 1921 from Dearborn Michigan
Henry Ford's hometown
He was the biggest Jew hater of his time Henry Ford virulent that by semi
The article indicates we change our names to commit
To commit fool the goyem sheep can you fool a fool to commit fool the goyem sheep what does that mean?
Dota
Neil spare me
Fred and Boca I got Fred Thompson on 1420 worn out records on FM and yours drives the mojabi desert today
I'm dry today with Elizabeth me as opposed yesterday you were really wet
Yeah I guess you liked it better yesterday when it's coughing and choking and puking couldn't talk
God
So tough world out there man
Yep
I think what we ought to do is have a big suicide party in Joe Bell can be the he can be the ringleader
He can be the pivot man
You know it's like guys who want to play Russian roulette you first oh geez like that
And it just gets and when you think it can't get any worse light like this totally out of the blue unnecessary meeting
That Norma can't head with Joe Bell yesterday accomplish nothing other than to stir up all this crap about Joe wants to fire George again
That's all that accomplished
Yeah and the thing about how when the new rating system comes they're going to screw everybody as usual
Oh if you think you're going to make any more money on these bonuses you're dreaming Chris will never make any in the first place
So as they say it may be kind of a moot point
Oh here's another death somebody I never heard of and I'm sure you didn't
You know one thing about Howard cosine O'Dave Johnson hated him like poison and a lot of other people did too
But he had balls man he made a big part of his living broadcasting boxing matches
He called some of the biggest fights in history of boxing and he was the one guy in the sports world who had the balls to say that boxing was barbaric
And should have been banned a long time ago
You're not impressed?
I heard that story
I don't know impressed if the is the right word
And should be impressed takes balls to do that
Okay yeah Greg Paige a former heavyweight boxing champion suffered a severe brain injury in injury in a 2001 fight has died at his Louisville home he was 50
His wife Patricia Paige patty Paige
Since he found the one time WBA champion is bed Monday morning dead
He died of complications related to injuries he suffered in the fight
Paige told the AP or husband is in a better place now you know I used to laugh at people who said that
Yeah now I'm beginning to agree he's in a better place now
The March 2009 2001 fight left Paige in a coma for nearly a week he then had a stroke during post-fight surgery
Which paralyzed him on his left side and he received intensive physical therapy
Paige won a 1.2 million dollar settlement in 2007 with Kentucky boxing officials over the lack of medical personnel at the fight
Boxing officials also agreed to establish your medical review panel for the Kentucky boxing and wrestling authority to check the health conditions that people involved in the sport who may be at risk for injury
You want the best example take a look at Mohamed Ali
He's looking at these days any that's a good
Paige and boy I must be psychic
Paige started fighting while growing up in Louisville and was sparring with Mohamed Ali by the time he was 18
He became the national golden loves heavyweight champion 1978 AIDS 20 now he's dead he only lived to 50
He turned to professional boxing lost his first shot at the WBA WBA heavyweight championship in 84 to Tim Witherspoon
And he's December that year Paige knocked out Jerry Coatsy in the eighth round of their bout in South Africa claim the title
But lost on points to Tony Tubbs five months later Tony Tubbs and that a great name yes it is they call it in this boxing through 93
Two years after being knocked out by Bruce Selden he started again in 96
Paige was 42 yada yada yada yada I wouldn't care about his let's see
You had a 58 16 in one career record going to the $1,500 fight against Dale Crow at Pills Palace in Erlinger Kentucky near Cincinnati
Crow was 24 and upcoming boxer Paige went down after 10 rounds and didn't get up
He's fall he's fallen and he can't get up he'd be falling
Greg Paige is dead never heard him
Who?
Boxing guy oh I think I'm gonna have to rejoice here any minute
Okay, it might be these halls I don't know might be all this crap. I'm suck. I could be you think it's possible anything is possible
More fights boxing dog fights. How's what's his name doing Michael Vicks? Oh, I don't know
Well, I'll tell you one thing last night I put Vicks under my nose and I smeared my neck really really good
I mean I worked it in there my vocal to my voice box
You think that helped I don't think it does help to be honest with that. I like it
I like it fine, but I think the Vicks and Hayler's what you need you need to inhale the fumes
It all helps
I could breathe though. I'll say that that's why I slept good. I could breathe good it helps always helps your health when you can breathe a little bit
But I think the Vicks under your nose is a little it's a little bit annoying. I don't know
Maybe maybe I'm gonna get something smeared all over my head now you think because I'm going to woodbine it too
What about those the little inhalers the little stick things that you stick up your nose?
You're talking about Drisdan. No, no, it's just it's got like um you stick it up your nose
Not all the way up there, you know, I think you ought to see it up your back
You like that you've seen them you what you just sniff on it
It's looks like a little tube. It's rounded at the end a little watch you a hole in there
I don't want to describe exactly what it looks like you get the picture and
You sniff it you sniff what the tube. It's got a Vicks inside of it. Well Vicks and Hayler you're talking about I never heard of it
Oh, man, yeah, I'm a little dry today. You can take them to the raves with you later, too
Some of you people man death would be too good for you
Fred Fred from Boka. Oh, that's right. He's in Boka Castle Hoyes Fred
Here's Jimmy Sifilitic. I'm hearing you're disparaging comments up until now your unprofessionalism has been unchecked
I will see to it that Joe Bell himself has made aware of your actions
I also have a meeting scheduled with the organization
You may get your wish to get kicked off the station soon. I hope they have a I hear they have a backup plan in place. Yeah, good
Yeah, back into this Jimmy. It wouldn't be the first time from what I hear
And now last night's 24
In 24 seconds
It's the longest day of my life
When evil Jonas orders at the I larried it with drop from Starkwood Larry complies
But first helps Tony sneak away next Tony meets Stark with Jim and Doug who directs Tony to Starkwood's weapons lab
And chief of staff Olivia learns journalist Ken has found out about the Starkwood weapons Olivia then sleeps with Ken and records
It's a prevent him from breaking the story now that's politics
Tony spots the weapons for the FBI dogs caught and killed by Jonas and president Taylor orders an air strike
Jonas detects the strike and calls Taylor to say how far missiles that these coasts that she won't turn the planes around
Taylor aborts the air strike but her admirals look more ready to fight than bodyguards that you sell and Tom Brady's wedding
Wow even Starkwood's afraid of those guys
Proves 17 at 560 WQM Senator Arlen Specter to switch parties. He's gonna become a Democrat
Alrighty then ready for that. I'm ready. Maybe he's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher at Parkland Hospital in Dallas
Remember the magic bullet sure do I
Think it's the same bullet that killed President Lincoln too. It gets around only bullet in history
They killed two presidents
Arlen Specter. I guess he wants to get reelected, huh?
Maybe they're gonna be a lot of Republicans switching the Democrats because everybody's running away from the Republican party
They're crazy people they always have been but now
But now that they took that weapon last November now they really lost it
Lost it
Running around with their damn tea bagging parties Larry Craig's doing a lot of tea bagging. I'm here. I heard toe tapping and tea bagging
Ernie says
Just heard there's one confirmed case of the swine flu in Orlando. It came on a flight from Mexico
Heard this from my fiance just a few minutes ago. Well, I haven't seen nothing about it on
Breaking news on CNN. I know some of the folks in this crowd are anti-abortion and they love this decision at least the group standing outside
Arlen Specter's office right now. Wow Lisa appreciate that Wow Arlen Specter
Crazy guy
But nevertheless
You know any politicians who aren't grave robbers thieves no, no, no, I know
They're trickling in today boxes are much more skilled or counted than basket ball baseball football instead of a love your show says macho man
Oh, yeah, boxes are much more skilled boxing is for crazy people
The purpose of it is
It's hard to think that's right to inflict as much injury and punishment on the other person barbaric
Animals in the wild do those things people are supposed to be civilized, but of course we know they're not what it's supposed to be that's what's
If somebody wants to be a boxer they know the risks involved who cares? It says look at NASCAR boxing is difficult and boxes are
Tounded from the same jackball
Boxes are talented
Yeah
547 votes on that poll not too shabby
Remember when fat Chris was here we used to go for a thousand and stuff like that. Yeah, not anymore
Come on people not anymore since they should make can Chris and stuck him did he ever get his check by the way?
Yes, he said he sent you an email, but he sent it to an email account that you no longer check
What does that mean face my space? No, he sent you a thank you email to an email account that apparently you don't check very often
Or you would have seen it my space no, I don't have any other email account that I don't check okay
Why wouldn't he send it to the you one that we use on the show I told him to and
What are you saying okay? How's he doing just fine? I reckon he's still working. He's still got a job
He's still here. Did you look at him say you still here? Yeah
See I don't want to say this but I'm gonna say it anyway because you know me. I got a big mouth
Yeah, go ahead. I'll wait. No, I just gonna say this I
Mean it's so I'm so lucky I kissed the ground thanks to Greg Reed for one thing and that is allowing me to do the show outside of that studio and away from Miami
Yeah, because if I had to come in there and see certain people every day I there's no way I couldn't do it I
Couldn't deal with it
And that's why when they come to you with a happy face in a phony
Glad hand I would spit on it and the hand too
Like that
In fact, you know something no, maybe I don't know anything maybe more like this
Like that should we especially if you have the Shfinnehon flew
Maybe I shouldn't have read that thing about his girlfriend told him this
I mean talk about unsubstantiated rumor irresponsible irresponsible. I shouldn't have read that all right take it back but I take it back
I'll see if we can find verification of that okay, all right
What are people doing coming from Mexico anyway?
What do you mean? I'm not talking about the ones crossing the border of Texas. I'm talking about people flying
Oh, you know people do that all the time they go through an indication not maybe crazy people. I don't know why
And hasn't there been enough murder and bloodshed in Mexico in the last several months all these gangs and all the drug
To go to the world's all the scrap people getting slaughtered oh
Let's go to cancun and have a great vacation. See this is the problem with punks. You can't tell them anything
They know it all that's right and a whole bunch of them from New York went to cancun spring break
No doubt and they come back with the surprise hey
We're not just talking about the monosumas revenge that used to keep a lot of people from going to Mexico
We're talking about the Lord's revenge God
What where did that expression come from monosumas revenge? I don't know a lot about Mexican history
Okay, you really want to know no go ahead go ahead what go ahead, you know money
Zuma was the yeah, the Aztecs when the Spanish landed there mm-hmm
I think was Cortez that that finally toppled him over
Maybe Cortez. Yeah. Yeah. I hear you had a happy organ
Anyway, that's a revenge on the white man for destroying the Aztec Empire is diarrhea
Well, I
Wonder Joe Bell's gotten that case of bloody uncontrollable diarrhea that I've been willing on him. I'm gonna get a voodoo doll. I swear to you
I don't believe in those things, but you know what what can it hurt?
Nothing ventured nothing gained all right a Joe Bell voodoo don't ignore them online
Can you really sure you can get anything online except for swine flu? You got to go to Mexico to get that
Or to Orlando
I want to see who sent that
No doubt some Oshan provocateur provocateur somebody irresponsible
All never find it
Movie suggestions nor a can't
I told I can't find it oh well all that I don't really care
You care not really could use a hell of a lot more emails between now and two o'clock. I'll tell you that
The well is running really dry. There's our inspector
We have a
News conference this afternoon that'd be glad to tell you all about what you're gonna do that here on the hill on the hill and the
What was the right spot for a staff sir when you all be a glad team?
Answer all your questions
Your constituents right here. What do you what do you say to that?
Crazy people
I don't I don't have I don't have to say anything to them
I've started to wait
Let's hear it for old Ireland Bush inspector, huh?
The magic bullet theory my ass as soon as they came up with that they should have put him in a rubber room somewhere
Certifiable crazy guy crazy guy
Our inspector become a Democrat
So that's gonna give the Democrats one more vote in the Senate. Did you stop to think about that?
I just know he's one of the most senior Republican senators
And I was gonna become a Democrat I
Think they'd be public and parties on the way out. Gee. I'll hold my breath
Just like Joe Bell thinks you're on the way out
Floridians dumb as dirt
Everybody I'm on senior hall and welcome back to
SARS search y'all ready for our first contestant all the way from Hong Kong
Give it up for comedian him long
Okay, okay, how you do?
First talk to a gentleman walking through bar first one sake
Oh
Put your hands together for him long bad everybody. Oh, man. I heard a down all steams that that was just pain all wack
All right, let's see for my judges. I'm at Zappa. What you think of him long bad. I loved him
He was great five stars
Everybody stars
Next up my homeboy the one the only
Ben
Stan his brand of comedy is infectious three stars
All right, it is and finally our last star at search judge the lovely and talented Naomi Judd
Who do you think you're him long bad Naomi
Naomi what up girl? Oh no, oh
She ain't breathing I better give a mouth to mouth come on baby breathe
Maybe that wasn't such a good idea
Oh damn what are going to do that?
We got to take a quick break
We'll be right back
SARS search
Maybe not well that sounds like the last five minutes of the show yesterday
Got bad news about one of my printer copy your fax machines. Oh, oh
I thought I must be down there because you faxed me these are copy stuff
Yes, and like the last page of the log it's like I'd black lines down it and
So what I did is I copied a clean page from something and I also had black line
So either I need a new toner just taking there which I got or a new drum which caused an arm and leg
David and I'm gonna start expensing all those all these
Office supplies that I haven't charged in my time for the last seven years. That's right
New drums like two 300 bucks
I witnessed news in Orlando is learned of Orlando's first confirmed case of swine flu
Thanks, Adam Oshmok see it coast to show you if you sit home all day
You got nothing to do eventually come up with something. Oh my god. It's the EBC new sounded
According to the chief medical officer of the Adventist Health System Loran Hauke the case was diagnosed this morning
We
We hit Bruno Tateglia four o'clock this morning. I just love the way Tessio says that so sad
Yeah, remember was it three o'clock this morning or four o'clock this morning close it up
So we got swine flu in Orlando, and I let me just say this to you. Okay, nobody panic. Nobody start getting crazy
And I'm still going to would buy it to a clock. I haven't been there for I don't know since Sunday morning
Tuesday swine
What you're going to what's fine to get some flu?
Now wouldn't that be a good case to get a place to catch something on I that did all those degenerates sitting side by each of those machines close to each other
coughing and puking and once the the first thing I do when I get home from wood buying is I wash my hands. I scrub them
Because you're touching all the machines man
People are sneezing and snotting and rubbing it on the machine on the buttons
Breathing all their lungs
Yeah
Now who was it that was the recluse who um
That had all the money the famous recluse Howard Hughes. Howard Hughes. That's right. Very good with the jars of urine. Yeah
The jaws of life. Yeah
Maybe he had it right although he had enough money to be able to do that. He had everything delivered right to the door
Right
Anyway, Arlen Specter is going to join the Democratic Party was facing a real tough challenge he nearly got beaten the Republican Party in 2004
No mystery Republicans are angry with Specter over his recent vote in support of the president's
stimulus plan
Specter was one of only three GOP senators who voted for the measure and now he's become are gonna become a Democrat and it says
A Specter party switch will give Democrats a filibuster proof Senate majority of 60 seats if Al Franken holds his
Currently in the disputed Minnesota Senate race which you will
How do you like that goodbye Republican party? They're just out of touch man
They're out of touch all they care about is Fagilas. That's all a half of them are. It's all they care about
Feetuses and Fagilas anything with an F so I say F them
Also F. Joe Bill while we're at it
Have you seen him today? No
No, no, I want you to tell me what do you think your thoughts are gonna be the next time you see him in the building?
Well, there's my good friend
but
Great friend listen great great great read hated me and I knew it and I had to work here for years
Yeah, and so
Manastana
Chalala Jose is what I say. I don't think Greg read hated you personal. I think he hated you either like you on the
I disagree he hated you personally sure
Why do you say that I could just feel it from the feedback that I got from everywhere?
Oh Georgia screwing up our summer book again
Yeah, is he the one to say that or other people? I think many girls said that the first year that I
Said in for you during the summer it was me and tapes and we got an eight two
Two points higher than whatever was in second place and certainly head and shoulders above everything else on station
And I tore pito the radio station was Greg reads commentary
I tore pito the entire station. That's why
torpedo that's all the other
I'm gonna torpedo the book again. Yeah, no, I already did I did torpedo the book
That's why all the other shows were we're bad except for ours during that summer because I
Faced a full rub bad for babies and young children can cause breathing problems somebody's sending this article
I agree with that if you put too much under your nose. It's like oh, I can't breathe all of a sudden
Now I don't understand this how I'll print it out
All these conflicting reports everybody's getting all wild and crazy about
About this Orlando thing oh well here's another big long ponderous article not as long as the what about the Jewish change in their names
Didn't Thena earlier say that he was gonna go away and leave me alone
Did he did he didn't say that I'm positive he said that not gonna be chronic just sit back
How serious radio doing Neil. I don't know. I don't care
It's Jose the copier guy from homestead
Oh my god
Yeah, can our brother get a break Florida license plate
Are you ready for that you want to put one of those on for real you may need one of those soon right better than the Jesus
Yeah
Good god. Oh, and then this guy sends me again about the certificate remember I forward that one of you. Yes
Oh my god. What are we supposed to do about it?
I have forwarded this to a George who gave it to the proper parties right and they'll look into it for you right
He sends it to me again
Greetings from your friend it says here
Brady net
Your friend forward to the fall right and it's got no name on it my dear friend. Oh, this is just one of those of those things
One of solicitation things I see
Your friend I got so many friends
And here's another link health officials no confirmed local cases of swine flu
That's in Orlando
Well, let's get to the bottom of this concert times
Uh Jimmy Dwarfsky who's been absent for a while he makes a very good point
I'm gonna sort out this Orlando stuff, but he keeps it simple and right to the point
He says you know what keeps me from going to Mexico
I give up the answer is mexican next Mexico
you
Roger
The post depends on you
And the powers you process
Six you say his life when you're fighting sister-in-law inside a job for you to do
Oh
Right
You have a brand new style to
We love the way you
With the make the under chest and full of troops in like this
Oh
With the speed of
Thanks to bad night straight to hell
When a building starts to
I think what George ought to do is waltz right into joe bells desk when Joe comes back from lunch pull his pants down and take a big squat and dump on his desk
Okay, sure
Health officials say no confirmed local cases of swine flu in Orlando
So I witnessed news it says a report on wftv.com
Shows a doctorate photo hospital confirmed the case of swine flu from a mexican tourist who visited walled Disney World
Officials at the Florida hospital said there are no confirmed cases of swine flu in central Florida
But state health officials said they've sent some flu like cases to the CDC for testing and this one said this and but a beep but a boop but about
I remember that with centino. Yep. What what do they say but a beep but a boop but a bi was good
He was great
Also was great in misery. Yep. I always like James Conn
Misery and deadbolt and rollerball didn't didn't have anybody in comment on the movie deadbolt
I guess nobody seen it or else they hated it
With Adam Baldwin and justine Bateman who George has the hots for heavy heavy duty hots
That even look worms. No
Smoldering hots about Luke Halpin
We've released one suspect case that was sent to a state lab protesting
We're waiting to see what that is orange County Health Department spokesman Dan Weisman said there may be more than one case any
Influenza like cases are being sent and being looked at
And of course you know what season this is
Fluency just yeah right flu season
Coincidence why is your said they haven't received any confirmation of a CDC about swine flu in central Florida
A report on wftv.com showed that a doctorate a Florida hospital confirmed a case of swine flu in a mexican tourist and walled Disney World
But guess what no way Jose
No way Jorge
Oh look at this here some photos from this swine flu scare of 1976 wow
Oh my god, and then there was the avion flu
And one flew over the kukus nest
Yeah, I think I'd like to see that recast with joe bill as a jack Nicholson character
Only in this in this version of it nurse ratchet puts the a thing around his neck and she don't stop
Remember the way she looked after he finally hurtful got him off her
Yeah, her eyeballs were bulging out of her head yep
Ishma says boka brine should change the song goodbye goldie bye bye goldie to bye bye George might as well do bye bye
Neal too once joe bill hires a good contract lawyer find loophole that you're in covenant attorney wrote probably while he was high
My attorney my in covenant attorney wrote while he was high
Hey
Hey, just write a check I can be going in 10 seconds get a chat and spade did not tell you this Dana Hall is in idiot the chronics are all
blah blah crazy people
We decided that a long time ago chronics
Chronic callers chronic emailers chronic anything chronic chronic be bad yep
Oh, there's our own specter the new democrat into an independent and still caucus with Republicans
But this is it's pretty big surprise and obviously you switching to be a democrat to be sure and what about the timing
What do you make of the timing of this and and I guess the the first question is why
Well, there's two mediums first and foremost he is up or a very tough
Next year in Pennsylvania Pat to me a former Republican congressman from the Allentown area of Pennsylvania
Very conservative he ran against him in respect to the primary
Five years ago in almost one he lost the primary only by about 10,000 votes and the respecter as you know voted for the stimulus package
Yeah, yeah, yeah magic bullet. It's on the it's on the stretch of their Parkland hospital
So here's Dana Hall's last email. I hope I'm just gonna block his ass. He's an idiot
The presidential election is a ruse ROSE against the American people
You ever have a good pop roost just this morning
The government overlords want to make everyone believe that they actually have a voice in selecting the rulers of the so-called great land
Be smart don't buy into it
Because it's nothing more than a grand p-match. He doesn't say p-match
I can't say that word
Regardless of anyone's political affiliation give it a second look and think for yourself
Sorry guys had a voice on this one Dana Hall now. I won't be chronic. Just go away already. You're a crazy person
The builder burgers the Illuminati the trial lateral commission
All of these all of these things
Now here's something. Let's see first this one from the Baron
Everybody's got a handle, you know sure. I got several
Do you on side? I saw that pull at the day when I was on vacation
My fake DJ name pole the Baron says good to hear you sounding better today. I thought I was gonna catch the flu
Listen you yesterday. Yeah, I was
Confident hack and just for the last five minutes though. Right really got bad
Maybe able to do it again today. I hope not
I'm sucking on my halls mental liptus
By the way the dying on the year that has been done jack specter dropped dead doing a weekend shift for W. H. L.I. in
1994
He was playing I'm in the mood for love at the time. Isn't that sweet?
ah
You know one of the people who's saying I'm in the mood for love
Fats domino
On imperial records. I'm gonna choice pretty soon. I think
Good to meet the bathroom. I'm on the throne or read my pantaloon. You say I got my shorts on I got a second dress pretty soon for woodbine
Do you sound like that you're gonna go to woodbine? You're you got a gambling problem, Mr
owning my honey. That's a movie you got to see did you ever want to see that with Philip?
See more hop I'm the one that told you about it first
Oh, you so you had seen it? I had seen it and then I told you about it and then you saw it and said yeah, it's great great flick
Great flick sad right true story true story in Toronto still very riveting
You know who was funny Bernie the black kid that worked in the casinos. Yeah, it was funny
You're gonna you're not gonna believe this the state of Florida the mugwump state is coming to the 15th century
The Florida Senate has passed a bill to outlaw sex with animals
Get out
Yeah, I better hurry
Don't be sheepish about it never have having sex with animals could soon be outlawed in Florida
The Senate unanimously passed a bill today that would make it a third degree felony for anyone to have sex with an animal
A similar bill in the house hasn't been debated on the floor
Florida is one of 16 states without any law banning bestiality
The bill sponsored by Senator Nan rich democrat or western would make the offense a third degree felony
Punishable up to five years in prison the Florida law would not apply to veterinary practices
Well, what does that mean
So in other words the vet can have sex with your dog or I don't get that that's right as long as there's no passion involved
No, well, that's what the preset on 60 minutes remember that
Said it wasn't a sin as long as there's no passion involved and that was about molesting girls no less wow
According to the national humane society
Several studies highlighted a link between sexual assault of animals and sex crimes against humans
Here pooch just sick really really sick
Can a brother get a break Florida license plate
Finding a Republican move to approve religiously oriented specialty licensed tags and bitter about for post-salary cuts for state workers
Senate democratic leader Al Lawson has especially tag idea of his own
Worried about the separation of church and state democratic critics are also incensed about the proposed tag that would feature an image of Christ on the cross
Lawson's amendment to SB 3rd 2326 is called can a brother get a break license plate
The plate must primarily display an image of state senator Alfred Al Lawson Jr
The phrase can a brother get a break shall appear in bull letters at the bottom of the plate
Proceeds from the plate would go to employees relief fund for the purpose of offsetting salary and benefit cuts by the legislature and providing grief counseling
You may not mention that Lawson is running for Congress next year
Can a brother get a break license plate
It's cute. Yeah, I won't mind
You want yours. I think you're gonna get yours. Mm-hmm. Now now what's gonna happen?
I don't want to conjecture because I'm assuming that maybe I'll be able to continue bailing your ass out. I do my best. Uh-huh
Don't I yes you do
But
What happens if they find some loophole some I mean that's what they're looking for
I think that's what he made clear it just meaning that's what got me so upset
In other words what I what I want doesn't count
No matter what it is right
I have nothing to say about this show anymore nothing so what's in
Which proves to me that they want me to take a walk and it's not gonna happen
If I should win a lot or something for like 15 million or something like that
Not only will I take a walk but I'll come in on here one day and do a show the likes of which they have never
They'll have to they'll have to bust the transmitter. Mm-hmm
What would you do if you thought about it? Yeah
Yeah, try to get a job on a radio station is plan a and if not the repo business is booming right now everybody getting
Yeah, you got a good experience. Yeah
Maybe you could repo Joe Bell
I
Sure he's doing but like I said I want I want to say this maybe I'll say it every day or
After what he did to Ken Walden nobody is safe just keep that in mind right
I mean it was the Humper in 80k and I mean just a long long laundry list
Of people that have gotten really screwed in tattooed
And I don't think any of them in a very ceremonious way you know what I'm saying mm-hmm
Because it would take a bench to do it in a ceremonious way and if there's one thing Joe Bell is not there many things
He is if there's one thing he's not it's a bench
Nothing
Right now on intergame is tonight the first lady Michelle Obama is generating the little bit of controversy
She touched Queen Elizabeth on her nipple and it's not so hard but the Queen's former press secretary says it's okay
They have ruled together that special relationship that we've always had also President Obama reportedly gave a sausage to her majesty
It's not perfect, but it is the right size
enormous
Plainly x-rated
Well, I got some bad news about my fax machine least one of them. Thank God I got two
Yeah, but the one I don't use all that much the one that you faxed me stuff on mm-hmm and the one that you sent me to log and like
Things I changed the a toner cartridge thinking that maybe that would eliminate those dark black line
And I just sent a copy of something through there. Yeah, worse than ever
Somebody remember it was happening over here and somebody told us that there's something dirty in there
Just needs to be cleaned and we did it and it worked
Something dirty and where in the copier somewhere not a copier guy
Maybe I think I need a new um
Drum okay, now if I were smart I'd take the drum out of the other one
Stick it in that machine and run something through there. What do you think?
Because the other ones working fine sounds like a plan
Maybe I should do it now
Now do it during the break. We more saying to do it now
Larry says you're right, Neil people do everything on the slot machines about the only bodily fluid
I haven't seen yet is pee, but I'm sure it's on their hands
I use my knuckle to hit the buttons there. There's some people that bring a glove
There's one strange young guy that way he was a black leather glove and a black leather jacket
And he plays one credit at a time on the um
Quick hit machines. Yeah, I'm a two-cent machines. He plays one credit at a time
Well, what's the point? I don't know to kill time to kill time. I guess
It said Larry says plus Joe Bell is Jewish to his father changed the name from Bela Witts to Bell
So his son was able to get a job. Yeah, you should live so long Larry
boy
Jew killer
But at any rate we don't want to dwell on Joe Bell
Do we whatever I mean? I could do the whole show on him every day, but what's the point? Mm-hmm. Oh heath
It seems clear that you know George has gone and you're trying to show him that you're attempted to protect
Neil you help him as much as a mother bird could protect his young
But that bird needs to leave the nest and probably won't make it. Sorry, Neil says heath. Yeah, heath is probably Joe Bell
Do you think makes sense? I
Don't think George is going anywhere
604 votes on that poll
About bad breath and mong and nose picking and ass scratching and ball looking. I mean the scratching
Now
Now blackie says I just got this email from the desk at work. I work for a hospital
Maybe this will help with a mass panic if there's one thing we don't want to do. It's create a mass panic
Although the rest of the media doing a hell of a job on that
Thank the Lord that Arlen spectrum decided to switch parties at least now that's all they're talking about as opposed to
That
You know no matter how much they get
Whipped up about something there's always something else that comes along right and knocks it off their front page
ah
Anyway, so blackie sent me this info. It's from Arthur E. Brown
Chief and director employee health and wellness services at this hospital
It says no doubt you're aware the cases of swine flu have been identified in New York City and outbreak is occurring in Mexico
Unlike the illness being reported from Mexico
The cases in the US today have been quite mild and New York City has not seen any increase in the air visits
for respiratory illnesses
Nonetheless
Hi ever
We want to make every effort to inform and protect our employees and our patients the infection control team is monitoring the situation carefully and will keep us up to date
We've had some inquiries from staff regarding the situations. They are the basic guidelines. You should follow
When in question or in doubt run in circle screaming shout no here it is
One if you have symptoms of respiratory illness fever
chills
sore throat cough severe fatigue muscle aches etc. Do not report to work
Notify your supervisor and employee health and wellness and contact your personal physician or visit your local emergency room
Following your recovery you must come to EH and WS to be clear to return to work
to
If you're already a work and begin to experience systems of a respiratory illness or as they say here respiratory
Please have your supervisor call
EH and WS employee health and wellness services and their professionals will just help you determine what next step should be
three
The most effective way to lower the risk of influenza transmission is for individuals with symptoms to stay home
Everyone to cover their mouths with disposable facial tissues when they cough
Additional precautions should include washing your hands off in with soap and water especially after you cough or sneeze
See there for
That when I was a stage cough. Oh not really was half and a half
For employees who do not have respiratory illness symptoms and are otherwise able to report to work are expected to do so
As this is an evolving story updates will be posted on the internet and on the EH and WS website. This is our already brown
That can be down a little bit okay
I mean there's nobody died from it in the USA yet
Good and the fact that they're dying in Mexico probably by some can be only viewed as well. I'm gonna say
A normal day
No
I'm not I'm not gonna say it okay
You're gonna try to see they're still hucking a china about our inspector
What do they do on MSNBC if they're if they're still in our inspector in MSNBC. Let's see
Things like a chairmanship or a subcommittee chairmanship from the Democrat there. You
As you're when I first
President Obama co-specter the Democrats are thrilled to have you she get that you
Immediately call and isn't that what you'll be upset about you. We're thrilled to have George. Yeah
It's
It's really interesting because in the past he's always had you know wonderful things to say about you on the air and about
What available employee you are and not nothing they've just said they want to blow you out
Oh, he doesn't like you on the air and there other people can do a better job and yada yada meaning of course flee your good post personal friend right
So I think this is all part of a greater plan to either get me to walk out. I think that's what it's all about
To give me to walk out. I won't walk out under any circumstances
I'm not going to cut off my ass to spite my legs
Good plan
But then that's what he wants and you keep denying that
Well, stop how's that because because you know how much money I'm making which is still even though half of what it used to be
Still a pretty good penny. Yeah, they could bring somebody in for like
10% of that sure and get and get the same numbers they get you know like certain day parts like oh like that
Or ones I think that's what they want
Maybe said the kid and I guess Joe's been launching with Sid Rosenberg. He's a good backstabber
From when I hear
Maybe they're cooking something up. You know, maybe they got a big cauldron up there in Joe's office
Like they like the witch in LA. What was the what was the which one was it with the witch?
Miss Cinderella
Okay, am I right? Yeah
The witch with a big cauldron cooking up that special abru sleeping
Get ready to screw you
The audience won't sit still for it though. Yeah, the tremendous outpouring. We've had today not
They're they're more worried about our inspector
And the sly and honed flew
Boy here here's a nice long one don't let me forget during the break to try that thing with the um
The drum from the other one
Because if this one goes out
What you need is a drum for your facts. You know, I believe that
Oh, Jose the copier guy he should know and needs a new drum right usually there's a warning on it
It says replace drum, you know, and you don't want to do that because because the toner cartridges aren't all expensive the drum. Oh my god
Maybe our ordered ten drums to have them just in case there you go
And charge it all to QAM
Have any idea how many thousands of dollars I spent out of my own well-heeled pocket. Yeah, seven and a half years
Sure never charge them a dime
And what do I get? Oh, we want a fire George. We hate you Neil
We love your show, but we hate you
Well, I like that one while deep
Paul Rodriguez says I assume the Vedic exception for sex with animals is in the case of artificial
Yeah, that's it
That's cute
The debate has been going on until I have to for a few weeks
I remember hearing about this debate for a couple of articles I read about the lovely state senator
larcenia board from Miami
It says check this out and stay very far away from here Neil. Oh boy
Via Jonathan Turley on counter the elsewhere freakish but Florida Mondays to have state senator
Larci and a board
Democratic Miami
Polar became agitated during a Florida legislative debate over a bcl d law
I'm not entirely sure based on my familiarity with Florida that this is a bad thing
I'm not sure that they should be excluding some of the smarter animals for their potential gene pool
Anyway, Polar became agitated when someone used the term animal husbandry
Riches legislation would target only those who derived or helped others derive sexual gratification from an animal
Specifying the conventional dog judging contests and animal husbandry practices are permissible
The last provision tripped up Miami Democratic Senator larcenia board people are taking these animals as their husbands
What's husbandry she asked?
Some senators
Some senators stifled their laughter as senator Charlie Dean and Inverness Republic and explain that husbandry is raising and caring for animals
Board didn't get it
So maybe that was the reason the lady was so upset about that monkey bullard ass referring to a kinetic case
Where the woman's suburban chimpanzee went mad
Yes, the federal government has grown increasingly long-crusted
But bear in mind that most of the laws that govern your everyday life determine how your children are educated
Limit how you run your business are debated and passed by the state and local politicians like larcenia board
So ask yourself do the anarchists still seem so silly?
How do you like that?
Well, and a commentator at the agitated points out that board is the vice chair of the agriculture
Committee in a former teacher
making her ignorance even more awesome
A rat animal husbandry
Isn't that right down the road?
Miriam pet sure you got gay marriage coming. That's what the right wingers are gonna tell you next thing you'll be able to marry your orangutan
The dows of seven points by the way. It's not doing much
Breaking news specter made decision after the poll showed him trailing in a primary boy
What a political opportunist, huh? He's afraid he's gonna get his ass whipped so he changes it. Yeah
Fighting against to me with to me having all the odds exactly. I mean five years ago
He beat to me by a whisker former congressman to me and so you know like everyone else
He saw more than 200,000 people leave the party within the course of the last year plus who are those?
It's called abandoning a sinking ship. It's like people jumping off the Titanic
Racing away from the Republican party like a sick dying animal in the desert
They some stands for nothing
This is I with this new jittle ask your governor Sarah Palin know her daughter Bristol was having sex
Darn right in the darkest of places in the but I've been there with Joe the plumber and Joe six pack and four bears
We'll show you some racy clips
enormous for oh I already played that but you can't have too much sex with Levi Johnston
You're in teen so I swapped out and Jose was right and I was right it was the drum man. Oh got a bad drum
That's the expensive part. Yeah, look at all the money you saved them
Now I didn't I already do this thing from Kenny grammar is a saying you got listen to the show Kenny about the supreme court and
Explosive yada yada yada I already been there done that
Been there and done that but you know what I'll print it out read it again. Maybe some people missed it
The world is and we've got
Butchery going on all over the world people are dying from a swine flu
The economy is where in a worldwide depression and the the government is worried about the words that we say on a radio and TV
These are the times that try men's holes a souls
Aren't they oh yeah
Need some more emails here this last 42 minutes. I'll tell you that
All the way I never got to this one actually I got a I got a few things
Couple things
Not a few don't say a few then they won't send you no more
Okay, you'll at neorodgers.com fat Chris could be sending his thank you. No to that email address. Not get it just fine
You know I miss getting you know with emails. I miss badly. Remember we see at the fake emails about fat Chris and joebell. Oh those yeah
Those were amusing
Not hysterical not fall down on your face and go nuts laughing but but amusing
It was bad enough when gale bucner took her husband's marked Polk County Sheriff's Office patrol car without permission
And went on a Sunday morning jury ride to Lakeland investigators say
It got even worse when investigators discovered that bucner was a convicted felon and three different types of firearms were inside the patrol car during the jury ride
To tap it all off the teenager writing in the back seat who founded exciting as the lights flashed in the siren
Wail was out on bail on an armed robbery charge or going to rest reports all right
Buckner 38 of Lakeland and Alexander James quintascat 19 or rested someday as was the second passenger Sheryl and Cooper 54
Buckner's husband deputy Charles chip Buckner the turd resigned today Sheriff's Office spokesman Kerry Elise said what they was this and this is it today
Investigators in the rest reports give this account of what happened 11 30 Sunday morning a
Witness saw Charles Buckner's patrol car leaving a gas station moving erratically down the road with a the lights and the siren on
As the patrol car drove drove toward cruise lake road
In rana red light other vehicles yielded to its flashing light and wailing siren the patrol car was going over 80 miles an hour
The witness followed the car into a subdivision and to the buckner's house
Uh
Sheriff sergeant called Charles Buckner who told the sergeant his wife had taken in his sheriff's office issued car without his permission while he was sleeping
He was sleeping
During the jury ride gale Buckner Cooper and quintascat and access to three weapons of sheriff's office glad pistol and
Something gained shotgun and Charles Buckner's personal 380 water a Walter PPK pistol
Kale Buckner told investigators she made a bad judgment call meant no harm
Cooper says he's suffering from a terminal illness and that's why Buckner took her for a spin in the deputy's cruiser
Maybe she wanted to do it. Hey to speed up the process you think
Oh, no, don't start again
Now with 39 minutes to go
Quintascat told investigators he knew he shouldn't have been riding in the car but assume Buckner had permission to take it because she had the keys
Hubby was asleep
Quintascat out on bail on an armed robbery charge initially gave deputies a false name
He told deputies that if he went back to jail his boundary would be revoked
The teen also told deputies he enjoyed riding in the patrol car and found it exciting
The downs up six points not too exciting
Oh, this is kicking in again. Oh, no
Remember yesterday right about this time in the last five minutes. Oh, no, we're gonna die
Not good
Maybe too many of these halls met the liptus
I think too much of this crap can scurry up
Anyway, Quintascat was charged with grand theft and personating a law enforcement officer
Grand theft of a firearm possession of a firearm by convicted felon and resisting arrest without violence
He's being held without bail at Polk County jail. Oh Polk's out of the dandy would be so proud Polk County
Ever been Polk County, Lakeland not lately. Oh, what a Yahoo place. I thought you were gonna say just this morning. Well, I was fast trip
What a real Yahoo place you talk about trailer trash. Oh
Oh my god, I'm getting choked up just thinking about it
And it goes on a little bit. I don't think we need to know what they were charged with etc and so on do we? No
I'm telling you this thing is coming back again for his last half hour here. I think three hours would have been fine
Uh-huh
See see what I mean. Mm-hmm. I didn't have any tea today though
But you know what I am gonna have
What bacon
I didn't make it this morning because we were too busy and I was talking about you getting fired. Yeah
So I didn't make no bacon, but I think I shouldn't have some before I go to wood mine as opposed to those candy bars probably
If
If there's one thing that will really screw up your throat big time chocolate. Oh, oh, yeah, Fleming am I right? Yes
Rick and Bokas says if you were Georgia trying to figure out why management may want your job forget it
You're thinking too logically and forget that all the recent decisions made are totally logical
Here we go again
Damn it you'll be more successful in predicting on what will happen with George by looking at the poor decisions made in the past and applying their logic to the president future
That don't sound too promising. No
I think I better get one of them strep oscillals
Good idea. I think I'll do any good. I'm gonna go get one
Oh
He lives on queer street lingers rounds on queer street
He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens
Hey
Hitches holes and pets is funky women clothes they can look real funky
He has a whiz whiz and knows what to do
You're fair. He wants me and he
He
But you
He lives on queer street
Here at Thor for all the creatures meet me
I wonder what they're doing
Is there
He said he likes to just find
If you know jute like I know jute
Oh
You're
Oh, yeah good old Jersey. I wonder where ever happened to her
130 this is coming back again
David we name it what
Well, that's not good. Well, I don't think I'm gonna try to talk for another half hour
Oh, I can't really speak. I got my strep is illo good
Hot tea. No, I don't have no hot tea. Should I go make some hot tea?
Yeah, I think you should I don't think that helps. I think that I think that actually led to my demise yesterday hot tea
Well, I don't I think that's just um, it's not a peddling point to sell more tea. No
You don't hot liquids the non flimmy kind like you don't want to drink hot milk
Well milk I don't drink no milk right crazy
What about my caffeine-free diet coke?
Uh, not as good as not as hot tea
My Johnson is back. He says joebells reach as far and wide
Seems like it's not only joebell blowing people out of beastly radio station in Florida
Across the coast in southwest Florida. They fired several other experience on air personnel
These weekend, etc in favor of inexperienced 21 to 25-year-old fluzies who wouldn't know Sydney, Crosby from Bing Crosby
Uh, that's cute
On top of that even though they fired them and not for work related issues
They're trying to block them from working at their competitors sports stations by invoking the non-compete clauses
Uh, joebell must have taught these people well before leaving here and coming over to these coast and ruining it there
And then they he goes on with his radio listening habits. All right. Well, thanks Mike
Oh, thanks for the first part
Are you fixing me something? Yes, yes, it's not gonna come through. No, I mean it'll come through with a bunch of black lines
Oh, no, I thought you could be able to read it. Oh damn it
Well save it for tomorrow
Well, what I can do is I can stick the other thing in there the other drum
Uh, and then you can re-refax them right. It's not pressing
What it's not pressing. It's just another right please story. It's a great pre-story
Where's it from
Arkansas, ooh, okay, I'll tell you what I'm gonna uh play a little tune or do something just just second
My mom is pleased. Oh, this isn't good
I'll say CD player don't work either
Oh
See
Okay, refactor two pages go ahead
Go ahead go ahead
And now let's see this should come out pristine and clean with the other drum in there
Of course once upon a time I used to keep a spirit drum along with several spirit toner cartridges which I have
But not the drum
They're expensive man. They're gonna cause joebell or fortune when I order like 20 of them. Wow
Well, you can ever have too many spares. Are you refaxing or not? Yes
Wow, this is exciting
Well, what's really gonna be exciting is if I can read it you think maybe
Now I'm not gonna be able to get another drum until tomorrow
So tomorrow morning remind me early okay
Before you fax the log to inner to swap these out all right
I know because I need to keep it in the other machine because that's when I print out all these nifty um stories and emails and crap on
Which is the show okay? Oh, why don't you take some calls in you you can barely speak take some calls. No
No
Maybe if I croaked I would take some calls
Did you are you sure oh here comes
Here it comes
And it's two pages to since it's gonna be a real challenge. I think I got over it. It was just like a lump of flame. I guess I started it again
Well, I'll take some of it to get this crap out of your system and like I said it's only been a week
Sometime this crap lasts for like two weeks or more wow
right yep
And like you said it waxed these in wanes and well here's a nice clean copy
I got a clean machine man from the Arkansas Democrat Gazette
Three more claim abuse by former minister you said priest oh
Whatever back this minister mister you better get your minister straight. They're all priests
They're all gay. Oh
Are they really?
In one respect or another whatever title they like best
Well, what do we buy that? Baptists have priests
That's the official title but they put the priest is the word for any clergyman is a priest
Even a rabbi
Benton Arkansas at least three men have come forward saying they were sexually abused as teenagers by a long time
Baptist minister who was arrested last week after a teenager reported a 2006 instance
David Kent Pierce former music minister at Benton's first Baptist Church was arrested on a felony count of sexual indecency with a child
According to an arrest report
When church leaders became aware possible abuse they contacted authorities and provided
Investigators of the names of three adult church members who also said they were abused by Pierce when they were younger
Pierce 56 of Benton showed teenage boys pornography on a church computer engaged in sexually explicit conversations and took detailed measurements of their bodies
According to an allegate it sounds like the NFL combine
Wonder if the thing always there rock solid
Ah
The indecency charge stems from a 17 year old boys claim that Pierce took him to a lake cabin when the boy was 15 and made him measure his own genitals
While Pierce watched and took notes which he called charting
Be arrest report says
Inecency with a child as a class D felony punishable by up to six years in the slamer
Pierce could face additional charges as the investigation continues
Said lieutenant Mike Frost were still interviewing victims frost noting that some allegations date back a number of years
The arrest report makes no allegation that Pierce touched the boys genitals and the sheriff's office would not discuss specifics
Same the cases ongoing
Pierce's denied any touching
While I fully acknowledge the sinfulness and immorality my past behavior
I did not engage in actual sexual contact specifically oral sex intercourse or masturbating another individual with any person
Person on the letter to church leaders letter was quoted in court. He just want to see if the kids measured out by guess
I don't like the NFL combine
Oh
There's the Toronto make believe they sure don't measure up
Man, I think it's the Marlies you like the Marlies
The who's the Marlies? That's the a minor league team. Oh the least minor league team the Toronto Marlies or you like the Marlins better the Marlins
Marlins have lost I don't know seven in a row now
They keep up like this man. They're gonna be nobody left to come to those games
I get that spiffy new stadium that lasts for about two weeks
Pierce also wrote he didn't think his actions have violated criminal or civil law
Pierce was fired from the church April 18 after emitting the serious moral failures
Past a Rick Grant told church members the next Sunday. I'm heart sick overall this grand said during my 20 plus years
The ministry here. This is the most difficult thing. I've had to deal with by far
It wasn't immediately clear who's representing Pierce though deputy prosecutor Rebecca Bush
Said during a hearing Monday that I fill it up
Ark of Delphi in attorney. What what does Ark of Delphi?
I don't hear that. No
Ark of Delphi attorney had been retained the attorney was not present
Pierce wearing a striped-out uniform said little as he appeared on the TV screen
Industrial Judge Mike Robinson's courtroom bail hearings in saline county are conducted remotely within major meeting of jail
Robinson said bail a 25 grand ordered pierced to have no contact with his accuser
Ah
Sexual or otherwise I
Think I made a pretty good comeback there during maybe it was that strep episode you think must have been I think all that stuff is crap
It's all like glorified candy
Okay, although that Rexall stuff I had yesterday see if I would have been smart. I would have gotten bought more I didn't
Now that was working pretty good till those last five minutes
Oh, there's an Arlen inspector
Just announced he was gonna be a Democrat. So this is exciting news here in Philadelphia and of course
Pennsylvania, but I think also for the country
Given his significant vote with regard to the recovery act and making sure that that was of course
Who the Republicans got waiting in the wings? You know who they're talking about now nudie gingrich. Oh my god
That's what they got
For the flagship station
You
No
you
We're gonna have to go right to the right
And I know come to give them back
But you know that we're nice
Cause we're A-I-G
We don't give a crap for A-I-G
And we won't give it back
A-I-G
A-I-G
G-G-G-G-A-I-G
Oh yeah, another one with a dead ending like that
And I just got back from gargling
And how is it?
Brandon said, gargle with something
And he'll clear your throat right up
And don't I sound much better?
Yes you do
What a freaking genius that Brandon
Let's make him the General Manager and fire Joe Bell
Let's take a vote
The cows have 21 points
Aren't you excited?
There's a pasty what's her name?
What's her name?
What's her name?
What's her name?
I forget
Arlen Spector's the Democrat
Let's hear it!
Oh!
She's Alan Greenspan's wife
I don't know who that is
The NBC reporter blonde old
Goofy faced
Sorry
Oh my god
Barbara Walters
Gloria
Loud cell calls was a late addition to the poll
So Steve and Jersey
It has now passed every item but bad breath
Indicating what annoying and anti-social activity it is
I heard there's a gadget out to cut off surrounding cell calls
Up to 50 feet and would have anything to have on
So Steve, enjoy
They do that
I haven't even looked at that poll lately of you
No
Maybe we should
Okay, let me print it out
On the good machine mod
Just another annoyance
You know?
Mm-hmm
Surviving this damn Shfinhun flu
Hotel's bathroom voted classiest US flush
Luxury Nashville Hotel is the topcent toilets
Well that's good
I'll save that one for tomorrow
If I'm here tomorrow
You might be here I might not be able to talk
Although I think I'm getting over it
Oh I am
I don't have any more nasal congestion
No more big chunks of snot
I can breathe
I'm not reason
Here's the poll, 644 votes
That's not too bad for now
You know, in the old days we'd have like 1100
When we had an audience
The most annoying habit other people can do in my presence
By the way, speaking of audience Thursday morning attend the book comes out
All you people in the business, all you closet listeners out there
They'll all be gathered around our radios
Like if the airs fireside chats
Everybody used to gather around the radio
That's what they'll be doing on Thursday
The winter book
I think our last chance ever for a bonus
I'll tell you your last chance
Right
The most annoying habit other people can do in my presence is
Emitt Badbreath or BO139
Have a loud cell phone conversation 75
Pick their nose 71
Two with their mouth open 68
Fart 65
Turn it around Fart 56
That's our new logo Fart 56
I can hear the jingles now
Wide mic can sing them for us
Spit on the ground 35 spit while talking 30
Chugam noisily
Bought third man
Whistle 24 scratch their balls 21
Crack their knuckle 13
Humb 13
Now speaking of scratching their balls
What is that Latin thing that Italians and Latinos do
Is a gesture of hostility
Where they grab their balls
Yeah, it looks pretty hostile to me
You know I'm saying?
Yeah, the brothers do it too
The brothers do that too
A lot of people
A lot of people grab their balls
Sure
Humb 13
Sneeze 11
Caught 11
Pick their teeth aid burp 8
Scratch their butt 7
Bite their nails 7
Did I say crack their knuckle 13
I don't think I can do it
Just a little bit
Not too good
Bought their nails 7
What's wrong with biting their nails
Some people don't like that
Well, too bad I bite my nail
Although I don't bite them in public
Eat sloppy for
Jingle their keys 4
And this one's my Corvette keys
Only got one key on it
Boy is that like some kind of a signal when guys jingle their keys
Yes, that you'd have to tell me
What do you mean I'd have to tell you?
Is it something gay?
Like a toe tapping or something I don't know
Oh toe tapping I don't know nothing about that
I know about tapping other things but not toe tapping
Well, oh I think I'm going to make it
Thanks Brandon for the good advice
He said just for a quick fix
Just go and gargle something
If you have mouthwash gargle it'll help clear through
And it did
I gargle not suggest that earlier and you poop who did
Who did?
Somebody did
You said I gargle my orange list of reen
Good
The only problem is I damn you're almost swallowed it
Don't do that
That gargling is like it's like a balancing act
You gotta like take a breath first
No, you gotta like balance that stuff on your taste buds
On your throat
And then spit it out
And the list of reen too
Vince says what's the deal with Joe Belgity with it George
What did George do talking trash about Joe?
No, they just want to save the money that's the excuse
Plus they hit him like poison
Yeah
And they want to do it despite me
Whatever I want they'll do the opposite
So let's fire George what are you saying?
See if I say that we ought to fire you then they'll
Hey, maybe that'll help
George and company did a great job in your absence
Thought last Wednesdays and Thursdays shows when especially
Using an educational you were educational I was talking to
What did that start?
I don't know
You were talking about what religion you know?
No
Little bit
Heathen
I know
As always the chronic colors were knit with but George did a good job handling them
So I hope that George stays on the show as long as you both like take care of Vince
Thank you Vince
Kim says just saw the big ol' on a video at the QA and website
Wow, not a face made for a video or in your lunch time
That's bad Kim at the evil
Am I on the wrong channel here?
Oh yeah I'm on the weather network but tell the way I want that
Seven
Yes, yesterday it was 27 it was like 81 degrees and now it's 7-45
You wonder why people get sick?
You wonder why they get this seasonal flu?
Forget about the swine flu?
What about the seasonal flu?
The change of season one day it's freezing the next day it's hot as hell?
Not good is it?
No
Not good for you
The fake Doug says now see here
If Joe Belfair is George I'll send George the pictures I have of Joe Bell and some other fat guy possibly Chris
They were at the poppin of seafood festival on the beach sweating and rolling around in the sand
Licking and kissing and they were so drunk they fell asleep with their heads between their legs
The polis had to be called over for them to stop the obscene behavior that was going on
Let me know if says the fake Doug
Well let's you know fake Doug I'm gonna make it thanks Brandon Brandon saved my ass
Now maybe if I could get a spittoon in here what do you think?
You should always have a spittoon in here
I get a big juggerlisterine
I get a big spittin cup like the people that chew tobacco
A big spittoon
I think what I mean we can't fart but we can certainly spit at least as of now
Right?
Probably get a memo from Joyce tomorrow no more spits
Hors-hay-bush says if George gets fired we will burn higher lead to the ground
And hang glide naked over the palm of that or expressway until he's reinstalled
George will be bigger than alien
Hang in there George help us on the way says Jorge Bush
Thanks we have the same birthday and I'm the baby Jesus
Curious says you just told Neil and George and any clergyman is essentially a priest
Neil asked you if a rabbi was a priest didn't respond what's your answer?
I thought I did respond
What did you say?
I think I said yes
Oh are we called?
Oh father, father Robinowitz?
It says thanks Joe Bell sucks I'm going to Taco Bell instead
And I'm gonna do a quick choice during this break if I'm not back you'll understand why
Okay
If I am the town
Oh oh oh at 5'6'0 WQA
Frank
My GD, he's president of the
S***, Rapub against my soul and
And in our Tickle, why?
If you want this, don't go
Don't let the drumming stupid
Be, don't go
Don't mind this drunk and rich kid
Don't go, don't ease even
Lumber than me
He's president of the S***
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got him in my hook or a frog
The Chris is right
Oh, what's best?
You will die, but have no fear
We've got a great leader
You're famous
With president of the S***
He's president of the S***
President of the S***
President of the S***
Bye, bye, bye
