The music expressed on the premium ocean
for those of the host guests and collars and do not reflect those at the
Beasts and Grandslam. Wow!
Holy cow's milk!
The biggest names! The best mullet!
You're listening to sports radio 560W.
You are for the only radio.
I am a sports lover.
Wait, it's your sports beer. I could do a dart.
Just use a dart.
One out of six chains.
Yes.
In your pants.
560WQAM presents the Neil Rodgers show.
To talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in date and broward.
In other counties, call toll free 87775neels.
4.560 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless Phone.
The opinions expressed by Neil,
his guests, all his collars,
do not represent those of the people you mentioned.
We ask the board sponsors.
Oh, sorry to the Neil Rodgers show.
On 560WQAM.
Neil Rodgers got all new Oprah's best life weight.
CZArman's masterclass for 2009.
Here is the action plan.
It's the very first thing you should do.
Take all of your money out of the bank.
I'm putting into a mattress.
Wow.
Be late on a credit card payment.
I love that.
Live in a little stacked forever.
Drop your health insurance.
Yeah.
Loose your money.
Loin your life forever.
Now let's get to the penis part.
Did you have like a penis implant?
Yes.
Take off your pants.
The safe home.
Yeah.
Don't touch it.
We'll be right back.
That's an unfulfilled look.
Next top right.
Un, daily.
I'll put in the set of better myself.
10.01 at 5.60.
It feels like Friday.
Let's pretend it is.
OK.
And not chew up the next couple of days.
That's a good idea.
I feel like Friday is a just maybe.
Let's have a good lunch and then just not come back tomorrow.
Well, you're going to have a good lunch today
because we got high life cafe going to bring in.
Right.
Thursday, it's a two for one, Neil Dale.
Neil Deel.
Neil Deel.
Neil Deel.
Kenny Gramer who's just obsessed.
There's a lot of people out there obsessed.
Let me just say this to you.
OK.
I appreciate all the input we get.
Positive, negative, or whatever.
As long as it's something.
But it's just a radio show.
This day, I mean, all these people
that take, no, seriously, they take it so seriously.
Oh, and you've got to do this and you better do that.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Just relax.
OK.
They take it way more seriously than we do.
Well, that's for damn sure.
God.
So Kenny says, Broward Republicans planning a thank you
president Bush farewell rally Saturday.
Broward Republicans want to say goodbye to president Bush.
Believe me, all the rest of us want to say goodbye too.
Couldn't happen fast enough.
Tonight is his farewell address.
Bye, bye.
I wonder how many times he's going to say,
Abu Gharram.
Broward County Republican chairman Chip LaMarcus
encouraging party members to take a few minutes
to stop by and wave a sign.
Thanking president Bush for his eight years of service.
Show him that we appreciate his commitment, dedication,
all the people he butchered.
And do what is right.
Do you do what is right.
This is the Sun Sentinel.
Kenny points out that in their cost cutting,
they've also cut back on proof readers too.
Do what is right.
Do you but not necessarily popular for the US and her citizens.
People will still have Bush yard signs from his presidential
campaign that would encourage to bring them alternatives
are homemade signs of American flag flags.
Ed Napolitano, I'm sure no relation to George Napolitano,
Jr. or Anthony.
President of the Southeast Barred Republican Club,
wrote in an email that Republicans are grateful for Bush
and Chinese tremendous service to our country.
And the way President Bush has restored honor and integrity
to the White House and protected America
from another terrorist attack.
He plans to hold up a sign that says,
thank you for keeping America safe president Bush.
The rally starts 2 p.m. this Saturday at the intersection
of Federal Highway and Oakland Park Boulevard.
Maybe some of the rest of you want to hold up some other signs.
Let's say screw you, you butcher, you bastard, don't.
What do you want to say?
And speaking of it's only a radio show
and some people take it way too seriously.
Yeah, Ray D.
Ray's a long time.
Ray's a serious, a long time guy,
faxer, email or whatever,
and sent me a couple of polls.
I haven't gotten around with them yet
because I got about a list of 9 or 10 polls
backed up here, which is great.
On the email, some Charlie B.
ones and some other ones had a couple from Ray,
which I haven't got to yet.
And Ray says, Neil, if my polls suggestions
are not needed or wanted, I will not send anymore.
I will listen for your reply,
regards Ray D with his name.
He always uses his full name, which I respect that subject.
No more polls.
Some radio show relax.
We'll get around to yours.
Yours are fine.
Just relax, Ray.
Jesus God.
Yeah, right.
Man, oh man, oh man, a chevets.
Good God.
Just take a chill.
Relax.
We'll get around to him.
Life goes on.
We got another five years and 11 and a half months to go.
Today is the 15th, right?
Yes.
So just calm down.
He.
Oh, seriously, why do these people,
what are they so uptight about?
If I was as uptight as they were,
I'd had a committed Harry Carey long time ago,
with and without the Cubs.
God.
Relax, Ray.
He's always out there.
He's a nice guy, I guess, a contributor, a loyal, whatever.
But just calm down.
We'll get to your polls.
That's just what he is.
The poll contributors not getting into a battle
with each other over who's going to get their poll on first.
It's a poll fight.
Can't you see that?
Why not?
Sure.
I don't want to.
I'd like to see it.
I bet.
I'll tell you who I'd like to see participating too.
But I better not because in that kind of a couple days ago,
never he never emailed back by the way,
the one that sent that long ponderous email about his co-worker
made him listen and hope the show gets better and wants
with all the bits and bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop,
bop oh my god.
If I come across a TV show and I'm sure that you just like me
are to use that clicker a lot.
You know, I'm all those channel surfers.
Oh yeah.
And if I see something that I have no interest in right now,
I don't think I just move onto the next one.
I don't sit down and say like, is there a place I can send them
a lengthy email for about 14 paragraphs and express my displeasure without delay like
lightning like like Jesus God Almighty so many and over the years I've gotten accused
don't even your so negative and I'm not negative I'm just honest I just call it the way
I see it and believe you me look around this sick twisted world today in an end of pretty
picture so just you know be my epic look real close if they're close they're fine and
just don't look beyond real close because the farther out you look the more brutal
they are this Saturday Georgia is going to be waiting for all those chronics I hope
they all show up to meet and greet you yeah me too no you don't I'm worth a lot of
people show up last time you made an appearance they were like six people there that that
doesn't speak too well for our audience oh well for the fact that we have one we'll
find out tomorrow morning waiting tomorrow morning attend oh yeah the book the whole
fall book oh that's what they always put their whole eggs in that basket because it's
the dolphin book and the dolphins had that big season 11 and 5 actually went to the
playoffs didn't stick around too long but nevertheless should be giant if all that all
can you imagine all the work in the effort that goes on all that dolphin stuff yeah I know
all the broadcast sure a lot of country and a lot of stuff including that one that one game
right here against the bills remember that yep in the Rogers Center deal good join George
Saturday at the coconut Creek Advanced Auto Parts from 10 a.m. to noon for their grand opening
to your chance to win a Miami Heat Team autograph ball and tickets to the Heat Selix game on Wednesday
plus you can take advantage of great deals and all your automotive needs to advance auto parts
65 46 North State Road 7 and coconut Creek Georgia will be there this Saturday 10 to noon
signing autographs padding you on the head squeezing your boobies if you got any unless you were
guy I'm sure we got some guys out there like the guy with the eyes he's probably got boobies I
imagine he probably rubs those boobies against that David Cassidy blow up now I mean oh can you
imagine that's not fiction that's some real dangerous friction yeah okay here's the poll result
from yesterday really crappy poll 888 was this a Charlie B1 I don't think anybody want to take credit
for this this is a lame ass poll the reason I haven't sent any Lennie phony emails is I send
away legitimate ones 208 sure I have too much respect for him 167 to busy at work 160 to busy
listening to the show 133 I don't know how to use the internet but I vote on the poll 62 are
really inane choice and 62 people decided to choose it I would but I don't know how to set up
a phony account 47 not near a computer 36 but I do send phony emails 30 so you keep saying it's
only the same two or three people 30 they say yeah I used to but he blocked me 23 and I prefer
to call 22 I'm your friend I prefer to call we only wish we had 22 cars which we don't we got
like five or six so that's yesterday's poll here's today is neither of which are radies polls which
are just calm down Ray you're a good guy and have a great life calm down if you don't want him I won't
send him I just relax yeah I mean I just don't get it what accessory do you regularly wear to
announce to people your religion nationality or ethnicity this is a Charlie B poll and again
a really sorry ass one 146 votes I don't wear any such accessory of course is winning by a landslide
over 86% of this crowd don't wear any such chotchkes 126 people Christian cross necklace nine
good to ward away the vampires a Muslim headrest three oh my god we got three terrorists out there
it's just a joke relax battle of the headgear star David necklace three are you on look at two
American flag lapel pin two some other lapel pin one like you know the American Legion right or like
that we got some oh missions like go ahead well the Christians uh is the well the Catholics in
particular they wear like lots of little saints on there the the Jews also wear the highs I see
way more highs than I do stars of David and then there's the Buddhists that hang a little Buddhist
or a Buddha around their neck okay so you want to add all of those well I thought we would just add
like Christian cross or saint like make that part of the same option Christian crosses number two
Christian crosses nine votes and then like star of David slash high as a high of the state you
already got star a David boy I don't wonder you're not in the polls at all well there's options
that are missing you're really sloppy would they say well star David necklace is already on there
if you want to book high put it on there hi up Ali hi hi how you doing God always helps to eat a lot of
dilly get a lot of mucus in there if you're gonna speak edition eat a lot of dilly eat a lot of
cottage cheese is good you know I haven't had cottage cheese in years I mean it's not I don't know
it's not something I really like all that much but I don't dislike it right I like it I have it
all the time with something of course with pineapple with pineapple in it or uh peaches you know
can peaches and something like that other kind of fruit or peaches in part of the
score salad the peaches and squirm nope the duo peaches and squirm yeah no them well just that
I remember the song what is it reunited reunited that I know yeah like that so you add on
your whatever you want because it's oh yeah there it is peaches and squirm another say
an individual artist saying peaches nothing to do with this yeah she sings peaches no tool dirty
filthy song what a talk up what a mastermind couldn't it be it is that it that peaches teaches yeah
number of peaches uh records and tapes and stuff sure I said I'm gonna do a stuff of the
peaches in fact film I didn't expect to do old peaches and four long ago I used to be there for
many years which is now uh Larry Funz hustler place whatever it's still there yes it is well how do
you like that yeah you're probably hanging out there that's all I can play why is that I mean
right out of the bat she just gets into really wonderful juicy filthy filthy stuff oh yeah
that last of that meeting yesterday you better hold your uh water even the title I can't say
the title of that song by the way we can't discuss it in fact I don't think there was a meeting
was there what I'm not sure about the
other you would be told me I want to answer yeah
money has been a little bit tightly please I only have this much money to clear background say
we're all scraping for some dough all our payments are must be high
my kid wants the latest mobile but I'm in the unemployment line she complains to her mother
she needs the best clothes in town but my daughter can't say that we're broke she's spending
me to the ground no she don't be alive
your daddy's little girl your dad took money for this group of parents let me just go shopping
new graduates are asking for breast implants I guess the fake Greg Budelde didn't get the
messages today even though he wrote back with a caustic rejoinder and bye bye goodbye and you
bastard and everybody said you're he he sends me the same crap today that he's saying yesterday
that I didn't read about Dave Capriina long ponderous email which I just deleted go away fake Greg I
think maybe he's got old timers disease or maybe he's got wannabe's disease which Greg Budelde
the real one always had wannabe who was it that was obsessed was a jica somebody in the local
media who was obsessed with Budelde always writing about him he never had any numbers anywhere
including the old waxy FM and including a gloves 90 for wherever the hell he was on but nevertheless
all Greg Budelde listen Greg Budelde and now he's like in playing pumpkin music somewhere in
Alabama with a banjo on his thing right as far as I know that's the real one the fake one we don't
know who that is and quite frankly boring see those of you that send me emails to be annoying I'm
a much less annoyed than I am bored with that crap so ponderous it's just a big way of saying I have
no life so radie comes back and says thanks I didn't want to be a chronic of faith worse than
radio death good ray just hold your water that's where you order you order hold your water
now Jimmy syphilis fake or real could be the real one I don't know but you say everybody's fake
because you're a skeptic right there's Eric holder the attorney general nominee he's holding it
Jimmy syphilis says you're sure we've sucked ever since cox old w i would need a
fraction you've been mailing it in ever since well wow that's really incredible you know how many
years ago that was that was nineteen well year was it 96 I think 97 they're boots yeah they're about
so in other words for like 13 years I've been mailing it in and making big big bucks doing it
well thanks Jimmy what it's yeah I guess Jimmy's is jealous maybe Jimmy's just upset because he
gets take showers with the guys after the games anymore then he says we'll be tuned in tomorrow this
is a separate email from the fake Jimmy syphilis we'll be tuned in tomorrow we're going to erect a
WQM tombstone on the front lawn that's an original idea what do we got that from maybe castor
and overthought that up for him a QM tombstone believe me we deserve it I have no problem with that
because one thing we can say loud and queer I'm dying over here I miss radio station boy
here jolly joe has as inflicted upon us a slow and torturous well not that slow considering where
we used to be a quick and painful death thanks a lot jolly joe you toured you who kept clearing
their throat in that meeting history not that there was a meeting but who kept clearing their throat
I don't know me it was very annoying to me no it wasn't you it was I think it was joe bill maybe
was it I think it was the uh screaming Roth our speaker no it was not okay that I don't know
but you you can't clear your throat and speak at the same time unless he's like a Paul Winchel or
something read that out remember Edgar Burmade yeah I like senior winches okay here's another
goofball says one of our regulars I just received this from a friend I have no way of knowing if
it's true because it's not on snopes if it is true I what what is this does everybody double check
on snopes to find out if things are true or not till yesterday I don't I did hear of it but I never
checked it out I still haven't checked it out it says Barack better fix it he's got a lot of
fixing to do I'll tell you that he's got a real mess subject unbelievable but true from Catherine
the economic crisis is hit by home among many others but this experience is really disgusting
my eldest daughter who made her living in the building industry has been out of a stable job for
nearly two years and hit a brick wall in September where she couldn't even find temporary work
to maintain herself but that's not the worst of this story she is staying with me and the family
will keep her going through these hard times the really disgusting part of this story is that she
applied for food stamps in November and received a letter that she was allotted food stamp funds in
December but she has yet to be able to purchase any food with this allotment her card arrived only
last week when she tried to use it it wouldn't go through so she called the food stamp or if it's
yesterday and guess what the person who answered the phone for that office is located in India
India man in people from India don't say man but I don't know just to me it kind of like fits in
from my wood mine experience you know you you'd be I don't know you'd be epa plec day if you knew
I had a good winning day yesterday but good what I had my cabbie drive me through and especially
on the way home you know it's like minus infinity and wet snow and and you get black ice on the road
have you ever driven on black ice yeah we had that discussion cars are sliding all over the road
right like he's just going to slow which is fine with me I'd rather be alive and get home in one
piece which we did but people would say jeez you risk your life to go out of that crap hole you
can go any day you want but I did have a winning day so it was it was well worth and my cab guy was
happy too because there was no business yesterday you have to be crazy to even go outside yesterday
and today it's like minus infinity but it's sunny today it's beautiful that should melt the
stuff on the highways and then it should re-freeze and be a lot of black ice so I think I'll go today
sometime how is it possible that our government is hiring people in the India it says here the
service Americans in the U.S. are unemployed I just can't believe this can you oh sure nothing new
I'm going to complain about representative in congress if you consider this to be an outrage please
write to your representative to regards Catherine Politi senior secretary of conservation at FAU
in Bokeh Catherine's pissed off and fired up you go Catherine give him what for kick some ass
oh there's your vice president and after the evening state of his apartment I get up and
I shouldn't say this problem but I I don't drink not for moral reasons I just never had to drink and
there's nothing worse than being the sober guy in a bunch of college with a bunch of college
guys who are hanging over the next morning I get up and decided I'd get in the car it's true
story atomic senator Harper and I drove up to the Capitol Moison fast this is your new vice president
you can literally drive right up to the front steps he's telling the bedtime stories how do you
like that maybe you can fill in on this show and mail it in for a few weeks sure well we take off
some time by the way Monday don't let me forget because I don't want to show up here on Monday and then
you remind me oh you're not supposed to be here today that's right Martin Luther King Day well you
don't forget what it want me to text you in the morning and say hey go back to bed oh I'll be
long gone if the weather is decent I'll already be at my machine mine I can't understand how a man
of your intellect the man of your age a man of your standing can sit in front of stupid slot machines I
like it this this new concept that has come since the emails have come along but I don't think
what the calls we ever had that before we just had a bunch of nut jobs but I have to justify
everything in my life the foods are like the hobbies are like anything whatever I like including
Brady Quinn I had to justify that to that goofball it sent that long email on Monday never came back
though because he ain't listed no more alleged can you imagine when I read that he was sitting with
the radio turned up so loud he was getting good vibrations in his uh... back home body parts
Marx says I was listening to the show yesterday from the archives on my iPhone and even
maylar mentioned that he streams on his iPhone can you reject give me the link or how to access
this page if I can stream live my life would be complete how to email dialogue okay I used to
work in Miami can I say hi to the artist a cheering manufacturing near your my gods is Mark go
ahead had an email dialogue with someone uh give me a whole bunch of suggestions about what to
tell people and everything like that if you have a device and you don't know how to use it that's
the saddest thing in the world first of all yeah second of all the answer to any question
thing you want to use it yeah is google there's an app there's like a as and windows uh an
iPhone app in the app store for streaming and if you own an iPhone you should know how to add an
app to your phone to do what you all in by the way somebody died somebody important this time
somebody is that you obviously aren't aware of because uh and I neglected a month of
month of money you knew it well I found out when I got home everybody was in the morning that
were wearing arm bands and what were they were they doing the christlyn New Yorkers they shaved their
heads they poured ash on their uh so we have that I mean I know I got it somewhere yes we have what is
it under oh is a new Chrysler ah no that's not it what is it under is it under New Yorker
this should kill some good time talk about mailing it in sure oh no here it is
here's Ricardo Montalban not anymore so that'll be coming up go and let me forget
because I don't know where I just found it though over there Ricardo Montalban there's a picture it's
his delayed Ricardo Montalban he don't look too good in this picture either he looks like he's on
the verge of Ricardo Montalban the Mexican born actor became a star in splashy MGM musicals and
later as the wishful filling mr. Rork and tv's fantasy island died when's demorning at his home he
was 88 uh I'll finish the over when we come back because it's we don't want to like gloss over
this it's pretty heavy dude the Mexican neon god here's Ricardo Montalban and the Chrysler New Yorker
this luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from under your current
now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker
hey moron you want to put on your seatbelt would you rather eat the steering wheel huh?
I yes this is truly a New Yorker
all right genius you let the goddamn headlights on cheese you want some man oh you know that
and for the most dangerous city in the world a security system second to none
hey bagel praise you want to lock the fucking doors or maybe you put a fucking sign in the
windows says rip me off yes the Chrysler New Yorker if you can find a better luxury car buy it
uh buy this dip shit I got your luxury right here okay he's dead now Ricardo Montalban let's uh go
in the morning for next couple hours it'll kill some good time here's the schedule for today by
the way guilty two to four guilty is in for the big go at two o'clock wow mad dog four to seven
hurricane hotline seven to wait diatio eight to nine nine to ten dolphins tonight and then
uh ten to midnight more diatio and show us interruptus he's on from eight to nine and ten to
midnight boy that nighttime thing on his station it's a good thing nobody can hear it you know what
mercardo moccal bomb was eighty eight his death was announced at a council meeting by president
Eric Garcetti who represents the district where he lived Garcetti did not give a cause of death
while eighty eight don't people are just like die of old age sure they do yep the Ricardo
moccal bomb theater in my council district where the next generations of performers participate
in plays musicals and concerts stands as a fitting tribute to this consummate performer Garcetti
said in the statement model bond have been a star mexican movies when mg m brought into hollywood
in nineteen forty six he was cast in the leading role opposite ester Williams in fiesta he also
started with a swimming beauty in on an island with you and nettoons daughter fiesta i wonder if
that's kind of that jimmy syphilis show in the morning an iod called ciesta a later generation
new model bond is the faintly mysterious white suited mr. rork who presided over an island
resort where visitors were able to fulfill their lifelong dreams fantasy island received high
ratings for most of its nineteen seventy eight eighty four span on abc tv and appears in re-rons
in nineteen seventy eight interview he analyzed the series success what is appealing is the idea
of attaining the unattainable and learning from it once you obtain a fantasy it becomes a reality
and that reality is not as exciting as your fantasy through the fantasies you learned to
appreciate your own realities boy sounds like a bunch of double talk to me sure does he also started
the nineteen eighty two movie start trek the wrath of con i wonder if that's genghis con driven by
eddy kob i was speaking of drivers guess who else died a driver no but a guy with a driver like name
peelets are pries winning poet wd snoggrass dies do you remember herald snoggrass no
from indiana great great uh not a great driver but a great trainer and uh whatever and driver
herald snoggrass okay he's uh then i'm sure anyway wd snoggrass what a name that is
culets her pries winning poet and a nearly forty year teaching career died as a
state in New York home in syracuse after a four month battle within an operable lung cancer he was
eighty three he died in Madison County just east of syracuse boy syracuse that's where gildy
went to school and uh oh my god that explains a lot what a horrible town that is
cuse although widely credited as a founding member of the confessional school of poetry snoggrass
himself dismissed the label and it goes on and on and nobody knows who the hell that is he was off
for more than thirty books of poetry and translations wd snoggrass i'm sure no relation to
the late herald snoggrass from indiana i saw herald snoggrass drive in michigan a hundred
years ago and and you're excited about that let me put a stamp on it and mail it in you know
who's doing that all that crap that's defo i'm positive i just came to the conclusion after those
two caustic emails this morning it is defo he's the master of mailing it in and living large those
are his two favorite cliches living large and mailing it in and the irony of it is is i've been
mailing it in for years according to him and i've been living large all that time so congratulations to
right couldn't have said it better myself thanks me foe he's a real bitter jealous pity
turd is what he is he's a turd
remember that whole deal about when they sold a station
caustic paxon yes we've already moved over to the other place and paxon was running it but there
was this big deal about who was going over to the um
where where where do they go what are you talking about i'm talking about like mandage left
and he what where he wind up i don't know sure you do here oh that's right and me foe the same
crap he wind up here too till the guy with that engine business with your close friend marvin the
raw man it's defo me foe definitely um he's probably all the fake fake rigged you know
uh
see that i'm getting chirped up about it what said careful just a little mucus
still a follow up to that uh nasty cool by the way i think it'll linger with me until i stick my
ass in the ground oh hopefully soon rogers yeah i know
Neil i don't want to try to drive your show to be sports intensive says Mike but i thought
this pull on the top 50 sports casters released this week was quite interesting
a sa i have no idea what that is they have a pole of the top 50 sports casters of all time chosen
by their members and a special committee can someone please tell me why little bobby cost this
is number six in the survey while Brent Mausberg is only number 44 just another case who were the
public or whoever made this list prefers bland crap like vanilla ice cream thanks for sticking it
out of this horse ball stations his mic and Ford Myers and then it's got the list number one is
been scully well that's that should tell you right off the bat that whoever made this the greatest
sportscaster all time has been scully another hit here a perfect game oh boy he's like the microse
install of major league baseball mel Allen number two it's got the whole list of 50 i could go down here
that would be and that would be mailing it in red barberkert gaudy Howard co-sell bob costus
co-sell and bob costus don't belong on here because they weren't played by play by play guys
they were commentators Jim McKay also not a play by play guy Al Michaels Dick and Burke jack
Buck Teddy using Don Dumpy great boxing announcer remember Don Dumpy no no Graham McTamy earning a
hardwell bar of Albert Harry Kerry John Miller Bill Stern check her in Marty Glickman
Morty Glickman Morty Jack Whitaker Jim Nance Chris Shankl Lindsay Nelson Russ Hodges race
god John Madden Bob Prince Joe Buck Milo Hamilton Bob Wolf Chuck Thompson Chris Burman Chris Burman
Phil Resudot Marty Brennan Clemma Carthy an old-time race caller from a thousand years ago
that before horses even lived Bill Walton Foster Hewitt Harry Callas Johnny Most Bob Nelson Bob
Elson oh my god talk about the living dead Brent Mausberger Pat Summer All Merle Harmon Dick
Vitale Dick Stockton Tony Kubak and Bud Collins Tony Kubak oh my god never recovered for
any got hit in the throat by that baseball 1960 World Series against the Pirates you know that
he got hit in the throat with a baseball Tony Kubak he was a moron he was as illiterate as the day is
long he made dizzy deans sound like Westbrook fan Voorhees what a ride ever happened to Westbrook
fan Voorhees I bet he died who happens to the best of him oh he was an announcer with a great
deep voice you know like Geldie kind of like that a little bit deeper 218
218 votes on the poll now let's see did I already send a poll for tomorrow yeah
it's a Charlie B poll sorry Ray you'll have to wait for another day I'll make sure that before
the end of the week I will can't do that like Monday we'll get a Ray D poll on there okay so Ray
don't feel like you know what accessory you regularly wear to announce to people your religion
nationality or ethnicity 219 and of course in this heathen audience 87.6% don't wear any
192 we don't wear any chachkes Christian cross necklace 12 Muslim headrests for star David
necklace for I think we're gonna add some stuff on here I thought I did what oh some other
I got halfway through and then something distracted me a Yarmul Kutri American flag and lapel
pin three some other lapel pin one you'd forgot about the high while I had to do some log
shenanigans over here and then I forgot to go back to it you have life fixed it now I had to
make some adjustments to the log and now why is that what what do you mean why is that
have you heard of what word did you understand well in in radio in radio they're
to the spot didn't you I'll do it whenever you want to then no and in radio they change they make
changes to the log periodically throughout the day really yeah I'll be doing you don't see
it going on but it happens you know practically if I had like that one of those little cam cam things
you know yeah cam cameras cam scammering Neil God
good bye bush administration I wish you painful urination
you certainly left your mark on American history like a giant ground in the street
oh we ought to think out all your teeth just like whosolini we'll need some time to recover
from eight years of rape by our Christians and in the days
if your proud to say that your an NBA and your destiny
lived to you ails like you make our acts as wrong without you
black dome and that's for all you smug white wish you'll be all the time
every day you ever knew who is completely wrong whatever you to color you
oh it's people all right I got a really caustic hateful email from the fake read
video so I know I touched a raw nerve meeple I do like that I guarantee is the fake
very jackass the fake great video the fake uh sunny fox the fake Adam Purshner who else the fake
the fake your mama the fake human being rocky from opalakas says hey fagalones see and they all
include you in that fact thing okay but George doesn't care anymore okay he's not okay about
his name no you guys are a trip let me just say I've been happy that you slowed down on the
Brady Quinn crap over the past few days what Brady Quinn crap is he talking about whatever
I mean the guy obviously has a great body but he looks like an under bite soccer ball head
asked backwards retard or something he's washed up he could have been a contender he's washed up
his career just started he's injured he heard it kiss it and make it feel better okay
slowed down on the Brady Quinn crap well what does that mean how much do I talk about Brady
in addition to which I wouldn't have mentioned his name at all today were not for this stupid ass
email rock chronic chronic emailer by the way rocky I want to add a great restaurant to the food
conversation and of course this restaurant has nothing to do with what we've been talking about
burgers and stuff yeah I want to add a great restaurant to the food conversation it seems we've
been having over the past few days flanagans every effent time I go through the surf and surface
fantastic the steamers are great it has a great raw bar seafood restaurant atmosphere the places
been around Florida forever deserves a mention deserves a mention so let's just talk about all
the restaurants in Florida we were talking about burger joints the other day in fact Monday and
it was seeped in a Tuesday too with five guys and four guys and etc. Hale the King George and
Queen Neil go heat oh you with your heat see they I'm not even going to waste my effort please
no I'm not gonna thank you it goes along with mailing it in wasting the effort of telling people
that you don't care about certain things like the NBA not for me okay boring ponderous
watching a bunch of seven foot tall guys slam a jamma into a 10 foot tall basket you know well
what's the point here's some for the poll what about the Indian dot by the way where do those come
from can you use a round price tag like the ones they sell that off his depot oh my god that's bad
our Indian friends not that we have any are gonna be really upset those are called bindi's
they're called what bindi's that's a bindi the dot a bindi a bindi how do you know that I know a
lot of things yeah well that was your coming handy someday there are a variety of sizes
covers your bindi and styles there's even bindi all we were have this is the first time in ages
one down on the streaming look at that oh geez to see that no you know you have one green one red
no oh now it's back up again that one it was down we had a little outage there on one of the
streaming things 239 votes on Georgia's pool by the way about the trotskeys that you wear around
your neck and on your so what about that binges bindi and bindi not only are there different
sizes colors and shapes of them not only can you draw them on but there are bindi's that you
can glue on that have little dangly gems hanging from them all really yeah they're and what's
the significance of that what does it mean decoration make you look good decoration that's it
it's got to be more than that like makeup I'm telling you now to only Indian women wear those the
guys don't wear them do they not as a rule no no unless the guys mean like the yeah oh sorry
nothing wow have to ask me for about the gay Indians here's one from Jose says I thought this was
something would bring a smile to your face I really enjoy your show try to listen to it as much as
I can considering the time I had the chemistry that you and George have together is incredible
that's amazing since we're like so far apart you know and according to that guy on Monday
voodoo magic baby and hope you both stand there for a very long time thank you again says Jose
and what he contributes here is he's got Spanish words of the day 14 of them you want to hear them
okay one cheese the teacher told Pepito to use the word cheese in a sentence Pepito replies Maria
likes me but cheese fat two mushroom when all my family gets in the car there's not mushroom three
shoulder my friend wanted to become a citizen but she didn't know how to read so I shoulder
four these are cute yeah Texas my friend always Texas me when I'm not home wondering where I'm at
five herpes me and my friend ordered pizza I got mine piece and she got her piece
hmm six July you told me you were going to the store and July to me Julyer
seven rectum rectum I had two cars but my wife rectum oh no eight chicken I was
going to the store with my wife but chicken go herself I don't think these are necessary like
Spanish I think there's these sound Mexican to me don't they whatever oh nine wheelchair we only
have one enchilada left but don't worry we'll cheer 10 chicken wing my wife plays a lot of
reason chicken wing yeah these are definitely Mexican yeah eleven harassment my wife caught me in bed
with another woman I told her honey harassment nothing to me oh that's that's bad yeah
I mean these are like rip off from the crap that we got mm-hmm that's old a lot of these are old but
nevertheless ancient sexual harassment harassment harassment a lot to me 12 bishop I'm wife fell
down the stairs so I had to pick the bishop well I had to pick the bishop pretty weak kid 13 body
wash I want to go to the club but nobody washed my kids 14 brief Maria fart in my car and it's
stinky so bad I could not breathe and thankfully that's the last one they were they were cute some
I mean for mailing it in they were kind of cute but so I wonder what the I guess this is me
foes hobby now he's doing the mornings on the 640 that nobody can hear and nobody has any
ideas even on here wait till that number comes out tomorrow I bet it starts with a oh oh boy
so he's basically finished and so now he's just bitter and hostile so he sits around and sends me
fake emails all day every day that's his hobby now I think he's trying to tell us I have no
line wow poor me foe you won't get any sympathy from me I'll tell you that you back stabbing little
turd you living large mailing it in oh my god what Steve Nichol did to that trial I'm trying to
remember once upon a time he was actually a little bit better before Steve Nichol started getting
him to use all those corny cliches remember that period of time I sure do remember the time he
cornered me in the hallway accused me of trying to get rumored his job oh talk about insecure now
wondering he uses the Greg Budele thing because Greg Budele is the most insecure person on the face
of the globe oh wait why does everybody hate me well of course in the his case it's true but
nevertheless why doesn't anybody like Greg well I don't know maybe because he's got no talent
and he's full of craft that could be it he's a legend in his own mind I bet he's big there in
Alabama not didn't you guys miss that Jewish necklace thing that looks like Texas for
Comhorns I think they called it high or something like that yeah we only talked about that for
like about a half an hour and it's under now oh it is yeah oh yeah it is a Budele necklace and a
high necklace there was a horse at pompano called high time once upon a time driven by George
and Apollo tunnel juniors a matter of fact wow yeah I think it was high time it was high something
Larry King named this kid higher after some religious thing if he was such a good Jew why did he
change his last name says rich in Orlando just a little atheist in the Baptist taught bet I'll
tell you why he changed his name because his boss when he got hired uh made him change his name
he said Ziger was too ethnic too Jewish and there was some I read about this just a few days ago
there was something uh in the newspaper open on the boss's desk king something I don't know
and he said how about king Larry King okay that that's that's a true story how do you like that you
won't get that on a day I'm a Jimmy Cifalist show I'll guarantee you that Jimmy Cifalitic
then Dover says I met you in person years ago at pompano miracle baseball game I think it
would be fun if he did another personal appearance maybe if the red lobster on federal highway
and for a lot of day no chance the red lobster is down there fat all your loving fans could get to
meet you and we could all pick out on some nice swim what do you say I say this no chance love
Ben Dover I wonder if he erases a Dover down do you think no I know Brandon Given the given I wonder
if Brandon's given you'll give it if Brandon Givens is given I'm taking I'll tell you that right
hit him again Brandon come on 251 votes on the pool we added a Buddha necklace and a high
necklace but foreign away 88% of this crowd don't wear any of these religious accessories
because most of them are a bunch of heathen bastards we're all gonna meet together and hell
on the right this is the neo-roger show
any question on the next Friday nice right now is every man for himself in a six-way face-off
starring Sharon Osborne your husband it's celebrity it's to wash your husband
in your face just come
pretty nice right now it's time funny
all the second that emotion is 11 I wanted 560 wq way I got the
most honest email ever okay finally from the fake Adam Kirschner
just a few words you want to hear it please
DeFo isn't behind the fake emails I am signed manny right I believe it okay you don't believe it I don't
disbelieve it how's that okay strong possibility okay when you need somebody who's like
like that sure but why would he send it as the fake Adam Kirschner or not the real manny
maybe he'll explain that to us okay it's something to do it's you know trying to mess with us you know
trying to be clever and cute and amusing and etc.
trying to be an ozhaan provocateur as usual well they can't crank call Randy anymore I'm sure they
won't put him on a year or so how do you like that manny is all these people the fake Adam Kirschner
and the fake Greg Vudelle and the fake this one and the fake a human being and of course that's
why it's the fake Jimmy Sifilis I have another one from the fake Jimmy oh very much
popular by the way who's definitely out of touch with the human race have you heard about five
guys burgers not too many people are talking about this place they're delicious let's get burger
intensive happy new year says Barry screw you very we wasted two days on that crap Monday and Tuesday
get out of here nobody's talking about him sounds to me like the whole thing is just a setup deal
oh here's one from Rafique who says I listen to Diffo with Leslie Visit and
Troy Stratford every morning six to nine on six forty this is by far the best morning sport show
says Rafique I wonder for Rafique say I'm one of those little things on his head what do you call him
bindi's bindi bindi
yeah I'm done and then just just for um just a chat that's right that doesn't have any religious
significance or any ethnic significance or ethnic significance yeah every ethnic group has a
different look like the Indian women like to wear those those sorry sorry joke here yeah and
no Muslim women with the burkas with a whole oh the whole get up every culture has a you know
a cultural thing so in charge easier a parallel and that's part of it that's on head gear right I
still don't know how you tell the the head year between the Indian people and the American no I
don't okay if there were a turban they're a Sikh and if they're not they're not the end
if they were in a turban they're Sikh right and if they're not what about Muslims who were not
here they they wear all those head coverings different cultures like the the different things
that's a Muslim thing but that's no those aren't turban what do you mean head cover those aren't
turbans like the Arabs with the Muslims or the obnoxious is that what you're saying now
in the public is the same it's the same uh the Catholic school of Stola from the Jews it's the
same thing just like all those old fairy tales from the Old Testament the Catholic stole all those
barbaric Middle Eastern religion right like the false involved have to you have to cover your head
because God doesn't like the top of your skull for some reason oh here's a bunch of people
marching on a senate look at this for a controversial bailout would pre outrage both stop
corporate greed they're all wearing fake hair you they got these cardboard signs made up and wrapped
around the tops of their heads that always impresses the hell out of me you know what 270
haha I told you many years ago and it's the truth the world is a battle of headgear
it's not so much the religion my religion is better than yours my headgear is better than yours
my schmata is better than yours 271 votes on your world famous poll I'm not going to read it
it's ponderous so many is the a fake of this one and that one here I blame D-fo I think you
ought to apologize to me for yeah you always got along okay with him I still do you do sure
why you you're probably meet every weekend the concoct all the party that's right I tell him what to
say when to say it and who to pretend to be when he does oh let me go back I missed one here I
deleted it and it was one of the all-time best I think it was Jimmy syphilis I think yeah you
are the one who tried to get Jeff Rimmer to replace D-fo on W-I-O-D no I did not remember was the one
who was trying to get a job there not me you have the hoots but a bitch about your reduced salary
yet we all know you're still making 500 grand a year lot more than that Jimmy lot more than that
you're the most overpaid talent in the industry talent and quotes with the numbers you get nowadays
you get a big kiss getting that new contract you should thank your lucky stars just wait till
the ppm comes to the market you'll be lucky to get a one share it's over Johnny it's over no no it's
not I still got five years to go big bucks a lot more than what you said each your heart out Jimmy
mr. fake play by play guy oh brother Kenny graemer is back
some of some of these people it's a good thing this show is on because I have no idea what they
would do all day between ten either do they although I like Kenny I don't I don't remember
you know you wouldn't you wouldn't have because he was that ugly is that what you're saying I remember a
lot of ugly you just uh not that ugly just not I'm Steve Ziggler he was ugly you would not have
found him a trucker is pocket well not a fond of attractive no what the hell is that is very
non-descript and he had like really big thick curly head of hair here's rocky rocky again
screaming about the streaming spots go to hell rocky okay get lost go to hell and hang out
there a long time all these people all those spots over and over again on the just forget about
those okay just tune them out on the streaming Casey says I thought you guys were gonna post the
picture of the girl with the big balloons on your website also cast her no balls sucks and should
be sending you royalty checks for all the material he's stolen that's okay I don't need it I'm
still making big bucks in spider white Jimmy syphilis things he's not even close you're not even
close Jimmy but that's okay here's one from a CT Haney LFY I Flanagan's burgers do kick ass they
have a Caribbean burger with sauteed onions and a bacon a big mouth burger loaded with lettuce
onions pickles in a mushroom Swiss burger that's great also don't know if this is everywhere but
the steak and shake and the pines closed down know you'll be dad to hear that anyway great job is
always CT the steak and shake and the pines closed down maybe the old folks in the cemetery village
couldn't gum meat I think that's it might ever gum the meat at steak and shake just this morning
Mary says sorry about another restaurant just out of it but the fact of the matter is she
didn't think of it she says a long time ago I think it was a sponsor a deli place in the shops
of plantation don't remember the name it was tucked back in a corner they had the best stuff
cabbage maybe she's thinking about two jays which is not out of business because that's the only
deli I can think of in the shops of plantation the fountain shops by the way flanagans has great
ribs and Caesar salad burgers she says I really miss out for a but I've lost 20 pounds since we've
been in North Carolina food stinks here sis Mary another food place and we're not going to get
hooked up on food again all four hours like Monday and Tuesday this is only Thursday right
it's going to be very good to be a sense of today yeah why it's going to be food in sense of very
so maybe depot bring in some lunch stop by and reminisce about old times but I try to get
rumor his job in i would be boy talk about paranoid and insecure and making up all kinds of fantasy
crap god and then I walk out walk out the door at two o'clock one day and there he's standing with
Greg read but he's standing with his back to me didn't see me coming and he's bad mounting me and
ripping me an ass and talking about to Greg about how I lost the nation's bank account at i would
be a ripped him on a year and I did this and I did that and he's ripping me and Greg sees me because
Greg is facing toward me and he's kind of like trying to hold back from laughing his ass off you know
backstabber me fo backstabbing clown and by the way who that would want to put rumor on here to do a
talk show anyway he is as boring and all he would have talked about is hockey hockey hockey hockey
I know you enjoyed those hockey shows immensely
viran peg and mustard the wonder dog and meridian Idaho our only listeners in Idaho I'm sure
say high-neil some more food talk oh Jesus god uh some more food talk both bettigans and black
anus have filed bankruptcy chapter 11 I remember eating both restaurants which were in the same
building 163rd northeast 10th Avenue I remember that thank you George W. for great economy
signed viran peg and mustard the wonder dog black anus remember that yep and what's the place
that had the um the what the me the mexican booze sangria oh with the seam right all you can
eat seat bar not sizzler because they didn't have any news oh man I know what you're talking about
sangria I know pictures of sangria I love sangria not beef steak Charlie's it might have been
really something like that whatever it is I know we talked about it and I never been there
because I was definitely wasn't the black anus I know that and by the way if anybody gets to one
of those places where you get to a micky d's it's got the uh anus burger with bacon and cheddar
trust me when I tell you it's damn good it's good crap the best thing they've ever sold bar none
oh but what about the fries I it always cracks me up these people have talked about fries fries
are so bland and boring I mean what's the big deal with that you know you know what people are
like obsessed with fries the Dutch really right right on the dam rack they have to oh don't
tell me about john revolt again and about his kid and his boyfriend how are you gonna do
they have these these shops that tell they don't sell like burgers or weenies or all they sell
this fries huh pumice frites I figure what they'll they call them in Dutch but no matter what it's
still the same crap you know and they and you can buy like they give you a bag with like 75 pounds
of the crap and I do mean crap but then again the Dutch are desperate for anything edible I mean
anything maybe that's why there's so much hanky spanky going on today they can't be any of this
not anymore they're free with each other naked in the streets
priest says its psychology helped him learned reading and to avoid medicine even when he was
tweeting he saysRAIN technal natureilly
shines a
about goreese. He uses his mind to heart his all his inner power and occasionally grow
and insult that fat flower. Some people say some crews doesn't have a sense of humor.
Maybe that's because he can't see a doctor for a tumor. Anything that happens he must
cure with his old brain. I don't want to judge him but come on that is insane.
Do they all gather around them together? Stiff airplanes? When they believe in aliens including
that I see you? It's been said that scienceologists are all miscudents. So it's possible that
they are running the New York Jets. 1117 at 560. Oh, there is this the farewell tour
of your presence. We deepen our alliances with old friends. Well, we got one thing we
want to say to you. Don't let the door hitch in. I'll reass on a way out. Good God.
Okay, so let's see. First of all, it confirmation is beach day Charlie's good work, George.
All right. I was just gunned. By the way, you're my bitch is back. Oh, I'll get to
in a second. Everyone should have one. Brandon LaFave says, played the no one speaks English
anymore. But no, I just played it yesterday. What? I said, I know. Yeah, and I'm not playing
it again today. No chance. Thanks, Neil. I'm hung. I would send you a picture of my
stuff, but I'm not gay. You're fairy. Oh, oh, send you a picture of my, well, he has
different words in there than that. Yeah. My end. The blobster says, I hate hearing all
these naysayer emails. You're the best show I've ever heard. And I love you. I hear you've
been letting your blood sugar go. Please change your ways before it's too late. Also,
Neil, you were wrong. There was a God, an old friend, the blob. Not cute. Not. Here
you go. You're my bitch says, Hey, why don't you shut the hell up? You asked George a question
about Middle Eastern, Garb, and then when he tries to explain it to you and drop a little
knowledge on your stupid ass and your listeners, you don't shut the hell up. You think you're
funny with your stupid little comments? Let's your speak. God, I switched to the station
over from a real radio show. And here it is. The same old Schmidt. Here's one from bat.
Here's one from bat. Here's the fake. Again, Jesus, what a piece of crap. Joe Bell, this
norm of that, the fake email or this fake that I can't do this anymore. I can't do it anymore
then stop sending me your crap and go back to the radio show you. Those emails aren't as funny
as the way you read them. I'm going to write a letter to the station to get George's own
time slot. I can't take it anymore. It's got a whole bunch of you. Yeah. You're my bitch.
Oh, sorry. Barry says, spots while streaming. This is this is the accupte grace, the
Coupe de Mark Grace, okay? Barry, who's obviously mentally deficient, who refuses to listen.
And he's not alone though. There's plenty of others out there. Let me just preface it
by saying for the umpteenth time we on this show, George yours truly anybody who ever worked
on this show, we have nothing to do with the streaming of the audio of the show. It's
a free service. It's there for you. You should kiss the your monitor, kiss your computer
that you can listen for free on there and hear it. In addition, the archives, the same
thing. We have nothing to do with it. Now here's beer. And how many times have I, how
many thousand time can I explain that virtually every day, right? Yep. But Barry says, I
like a lot of people hate the spots we hear while listening on the internet. It's the same
stuff every break day after day. Your answer is you always your answer is always you don't
have anything to do with the spots. I don't understand why it's your show. You never explain
why you can't change them. You have a deal with the company to stream your show only
if you play their spots. No, we don't have a deal with anybody. I don't. I don't know
anything about the streaming other than the fact that it's there and it's free. And I'm
glad that it's there because we have a lot of people listen every day. But the fact
that matters, we have too many people like Barry who just want to bitch in my mouth. We
have no control over them. We have nothing to do with them. What words am I failing to
articulate here? I don't know. Maybe you tried it in another language. Try it in Yiddish.
Castle hoist.
I eat.
Poobler says Jimmy, uh, syphilis, well he didn't say that. He said something else.
Needs help. He can announce games like he played. Can't tell the A-hole who said you may
let him do that. Mail himself. Put a stamp on his head and send the engine to answer the phones.
Have a happy. PS is always F South Florida says Poobler. That's his comment about Jimmy syphilis.
Yes.
Speaking of the streaming, here's another one from Paula that came in yesterday. I know this morning.
I don't understand. Yes, Neil, the stream is sputtering. Why would it be sputtering? And I
why would even be on it? 9.55 in the morning. It's been going on for a few days. Well,
guess what, Paula? If it's been going on for a few days, you're the only one who's commented on it.
I thought maybe it was my connection, but my IT guys is everything's okay here. Today seems
to be better than yesterday with only a few hitches since you came on the air. And again,
this was sent Thursday. Oh, look at that. Look at the date on this. Thursday, September 25th,
2008, 9.55 AM. You know, I just got it yesterday. I have a suggestion. If you're having a
technical issue, call India, call tech support in India. Listen, listen, I want to finish reading.
I supported in Hillary to begin with, but I'm voting for Obama early and often come election day.
Love your show. Long time, Mr. Paula. This came through believe me yesterday.
And it's dated Thursday, September 25th, 2008, 9.55 AM, Internet stream. Well, maybe the stream has
been fixed since then, Paula. Let's hope so. That's only a few months ago. She was originally and then
Paula's got another one. And the date on this is October 8th, 9.23 AM. Paula's got some issues,
evidently. She's got some, Paula's right there in four-louderdale. It's not like she's on your
reign as or anything like that. She's right in four-louderdale on Cypress Creek Road.
She says the price of milk runs anywhere from $3.79 to public's almost six bucks at MacArthur.
OJ is pricey. Last time I bought a gallon, it was around four bucks. I started to watch the debate,
but I heard nothing new, so I turned it off. I watched the recap at the end and nothing new.
Neal, you sound like you need to call in sick for today. I give you permission to take the rest of
the day off. This is Paula. This is Wednesday, October 8th, 2008. Oh, God. What is that all about?
How's that possible? Did they just get like held up? And I know sometimes text messages get like,
you know, delayed in space? You ever had one of those? Yep. All the time. Wow. Well, here's the
WIOD insider. I wrote your last week. This is J-Bair. And here's J-Roll Bear. And here's a picture
of you next to it with the dark shades on. George Rodriguez. Yeah. I wrote your last week about
a piece of art I did for WIOD. It was on the cover of the insider with your Neal's character,
Ronan. Do you have a copy? I'd really appreciate it if you could look thanks a bunch. No, we don't.
Write it back. No, we don't. Write it back and say, don't God it. Sorry. Have a great life. No,
we don't. It would be one thing if we just ignored these things, but the fact that a matter is
that I try to read each and every one of these on the air and they don't listen.
Didn't we spend a fair amount of time on that and who he was, what he did, and etc. and like that?
Oh, here's one about Oral and Anil. I think I'm deleting that one right away.
Oh, here you go. This is good. Add him something about the sys or the fart sounds coming back soon.
Not that you had your big important beastly meeting yesterday. No, they're not coming back soon or
probably anytime. If that's what is going to determine whether you're listening or enjoy the show
or not as fart sounds, then good luck to you. Fart yourself. Uncle Neal speaking of fries in
Italy, they'd fries with mayonnaise. No, in Amsterdam, they'd eat fries with mayonnaise.
They stick that on everything. I hate to break the news to you, but like in Rome,
they don't use mayonnaise for anything. Maybe in Northern Italy, they do because the food
there blows like in Milano, crap, a lot of risotto too. Oh, have you ever had Nutella?
That's great as to die for. Imagine that on a pizza. Very good. No, I can't imagine that on a pizza.
There's a restaurant on Sunrise Boulevard that has Nutella Calzone for dessert. Very good.
Until Rocky's a Fag. This is GM-33O idiot. 33O-21. We don't agree on everything, but I...
He's the one who vacillates back and forth. He's my friend. He hates my guts.
In other words, he's got some mental problems as what it is.
In Amsterdam, mayonnaise on fries. Not in Italy. Maybe they did. I don't remember ever seeing fries
in Italy period. I'm sure they must have, but I never saw. I'm not in Rome.
Oh, I have a burger in fries, okay? He's the kind of guy that you embarrassed. You ashamed to be
an American when you're a tourist, especially in places like Italy. I'll have the pepper pizza with
pepperoni. Right. And then spaghetti and meatballs. That's another American favorite. They think
that Italians have spaghetti and meatballs. No such animal, baby. Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
dyslexia is a learning disability that manifests primarily as a difficulty with written language,
particularly with reading. It destroys hope and millions of children each year. It even affects
famous people like Tom Cruise. Believe it or not, Tom Cruise struggled through most of his
blockbuster movies. Often causing other actors to play along, so Tom didn't feel like he was
different. He feels happy for him. But mostly creating frustration.
But then Tom Cruise found Scientology, which helped cure his dyslexia by having a f***ing alien
smack him in the head. Now we can all enjoy Tom Cruise.
Joe Vindemire! A feel the need for space.
I want to prove you can't handle the truth. Thank you Scientology.
You're welcome, ET. 1132 at 560 WQM. Don't forget to go see George's Saturday,
10 at noon at Coconut Creek Advanced Auto Parts. 6546 North State Road, 7 at Coconut Creek.
George will be there to see you. That's right. See you. And give him a way, uh,
heat team dancing. I'm working on a new juggling act tickets to the heat seldom scheme on Wednesday.
Jimmy Cifilis is back and says thanks to you and your fans, I might most likely won't be back in
the northern broadcast. Oh, happy day. The organization is looking into buying out my contract.
You people will get will get what you deserve as they're said to be interested in bringing back
Howard David. You know what? Dove a gigantic improvement, Jimmy Cifilis. At least he's a legitimate
broadcast, a religion, a play by play guy. Okay, even though he's a little old and confused.
Who's got the ball and who's on first, but nevertheless, there ain't no first in football.
Just like there ain't no freaking French fries. I was speaking of fries. Here we go again,
Kenny Gramer is back. You're close personal buddy. Obsessed. Oh, before I get to that,
Paula says, remember Paula will you delay emails? No. She says, I can't believe those emails just
arrived in your box. Let's see how long it takes for this to get to you, Paula.
How long have we been doing the email thing? Because the first one was from October.
We've been doing them that long. Maybe? Wow. Don't forget the book comes out tomorrow morning
at 10 o'clock. I bet you Jimmy Cifilis is going to be really unhappy. He'll probably do okay because
they got a kiss in the last trend. But the the right, the real right wingers on there,
Glenn Beck and Lardass. I bet your Lardass has got like double digits. See, I don't understand,
that's our look. That's this station is luck since Joe Bell came to town. You can't complain about
our luck. We don't have any. Obama wins a landslide, including in Florida. Can you imagine how much
you want to date Robert and Palm Beach in our market? And yet rush gets the diaries.
Oh, well, the checks keep coming and a lot more than what you said to fake Jimmy. A lot more.
Get your facts straight before you open up a stupid mouth on the internet.
That's Kenny says in England, they eat fries with vinegar.
Okay, because their taste is in their Tush. Lefties in Davy, 595 and high, this road serves them that way.
Yummy says Kenny. By the way, there are Mona Lisa sandwiches. Awesome. George, you should try it.
I've had a Mona Lisa sandwich. It's kind of like a yeah. What's in it? Like a Rubin. Okay,
but I don't like more. Yeah, more. Goy issue. I don't like thousand Island dressing though. Can I get it without that?
Yeah, on a Rubin. I always hold the dress. I do that when I order a Rubin. Well, go to a lefties and try it.
Maybe they'll bring it in someday. Is your food there? Yeah. No.
Don't let me forget, by the way, because the spot was in the wrong place as usual. We have some issues here.
Some radio issues. Things that have to do like with radio.
Our people aren't familiar with those and they really don't care about those.
I don't know what they do care about. Do you have any idea besides making the game with this smell?
That's right. The game in the smell. I was aware of that. I saw you.
Oh God. Pass it around the smell.
Did they have a couple of those that passed by the media yesterday? Everyone got their own.
I wonder if Joyce got the sticker knows in it.
Lisa says, do casinos pump extra oxygen in the air? Remember we talked about that yesterday in order to
make gamblers feel more energized. Keep them awake. I've heard this rumor quite often. She says,
according to my captain at the local fire department, pumping oxygen into a casino would be a
tremendous fire hazard that would greatly increase the flammability of all other objects.
Any small fire anywhere in the hotel would be fan and magnified itself by pumped oxygen.
As for the risk-beward opportunity, no casino would even entertain the thought.
That makes sense. It wouldn't be good for casino to encourage fires to spread,
especially since people like to smoke a lot while gambling and in a lot of places they still can
smoke like at the hard rock. Betfirms.com created the legend back to Mario Puzzo's book Fools Die
in which Puzzo described a fictional vagus casino Xanadu that pumped in oxygen. They're pumping it.
But casinos definitely do pump in smells. Oh, maybe those are the smells it would buy
and that I'm getting all ready to pass out from. They pump them in, which they believe
encourage people to gamble more. They tend not to identify the smells because they don't want to
give away trade secrets. In elephants on acid I described a 199 experiment conducted on the
gaming floor of the Vegas Hilton in which it was found that gamblers exposed to pleasant odors
spend 45% more money at the machines than those who were not exposed to the odor. A lot of
retailers have also bought them at the smell sales theory, though I think it's more marketing
hyped than reality. When you walk into a retail outlet you think oh boy it smells what are my
diets smell so good in here. Do you think that? No. It says I love you Neil, no matter what you do.
My only issue is I really get to listen to my wacky work schedule. I'm off a day or two
during the week. So I listen when I can. Love, Alisa in New York freezing and waiting more snow again.
Oh it's sunny here. No more snow. The most of the snow is gone. And once it's gone more comes back.
That's one of those things that doesn't apply. Once it's gone it's gone. No. Because with the case
of snow it melts and goes away and then a whole new bunch comes back because the Lord works in
mysterious ways. He's an evil doer. He keeps punishing us and making people get killed in the
highways and stuff like that and freeze to death on speed corners because he's a sadistic bastard
that God. 330 votes on a pole. Our goal is whatever we get. Since tubby left we don't have to
that that takes the I mean we know we miss him. You miss him, don't you? I do. But it takes the
pressure off I have any to do like X number of votes and this and that. And then when we do that
then we get cost of emails. Oh you know all you do is talk about the pole.
We barely talk about the pole anymore now that the polemeister is gone.
Adam says I'll still be listening Uncle Neil. Farts sounds and oh Farts sounds just wondering.
I had them as fortune listening to your show after the Farts sounds have been banned.
The show is hilarious as it is with all those crazy sound effects you have.
This can't imagine how much funnier we'll be with the Farts sounds and then it says doy doy doy doy.
Ain't never said doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy.
Here's one from the fake Andy Calb talk about nebush. Have you heard from Phil I heard him in
Maria have divorced says the fake Andy Calb. Did you hear that Phil got divorced?
No. I know he got divorced from reality when he started doing that right wing crap on
ear. He got divorced from his sense of humor and talent and these things fake Andy Calb.
You notice how these all tie together? Yep. And what station did they all go back to virtually all
of these? Iodate. Right. W-I-O-D. Where Jimmy Cifil is does mornings now?
What's the biggest name? Don't ask me how. Why?
Where are you dredged packing?
Oh where are they? Hold me. Hold it first. And I know they've nothing very eager about my denomination.
Yes, he's what they're going to be saying is you know that they want to hear they always want to
hear wouldn't not be boxed open. They'll know is they are got to send her and I was bound to build that
seat. Now I know the honorable governor. I've got about Ruby but go dear Peter by God
of it. He said I know dirty dealings are with me. Why everything me all this way.
Now show them by yet's got to be before confirmed but let me assure the citizens of
Illinois for all your needs. All your dreams. I can provide a solution. So I'll be seeing you.
I was bound to be in DC. I'll be rolling rolling rolling rolling. I'll be rolling.
Sixty to noon at five sixty WQM the fake Larry King says when are you planning the trip to Vegas
not doing it? Is that a joke or what? Maybe this is all from your friend Scotty Mack. Could be but I
doubt it. What do you doubt it? Because Scotty Mack is a very self aggrandizing individual who likes
to attach his own name to whatever he does. As opposed to the fake this one and the right that will
never give credit to someone else. Larry says there've been a lot of resort because he knows that
it opened since he were last there. Did you ever stay at South Point? Never heard of South Point.
It's a great place of except for the hustle bustle about five miles out of the airport.
But I love most about Vegas beside the sportsbooks is the food and the ambiance just missing at the
Indian casinos. But you go to Vegas and I'll go wherever I want to go Larry. I'm not going to Vegas
and I'm sure not to do another one of those stupid trips. Oh boy. If anything ever in this business
came close to putting me in the ground that was it. Viva Las Vegas. Oh yeah your good friend Bob Lincoln.
Wow. That was really something. Remember the scene at the Fort Lauderdale Airport when they
were trying to find him so we could pay the gate fee whatever the hell it is so they could park
the plane to the gate. Yeah. And we had all these zillions of people milling around one
week. Gee is the plane ever going to show up but we're going to take off and we're going to go.
Oh and that was just the start of it. And then remember when we had the 747 I'm not sure which of
the I guess that was the first one and we had a stop and refuel in the next somewhere.
Yep. Remember that? Yep. Viva Las Vegas.
Pete the Chronicles is the state of Florida is going to be increasing all traffic fines to make a
budget. More brokers coming with radar but at least we're safe he says. And he also says
Phil Henry 3 to 5 a.m. W.I.N.Z. 3 to 5 in the morning. Why but how many people are up at that hour?
About 30. Wow. Pretty sad. You know what? The fake Dave McGee says you know who Dave McGee is?
Nope. Chicago Harness driver. Oh. And it's Sunday McGee. And then there's always Fibber McGee.
Hey dumbass how can you not know about the streaming spots they don't just magically happen.
Someone has to have an agreement to stream your show including the spots and by the way
most radio streaming is free so you're not doing anything special. Did I say we were doing
anything special? No I said the price was right I said it's free and there it is take it or leave it.
Since it's your show you might want to learn about the things associated with it. If Dick Taney was
running right wing spots on your stream I think you might spend a few minutes to find out about it.
You bitch in mone all the time about what WQM is doing to your show but when the listeners don't
like something you have a little girly fit says Dave McGee. How do you like that? Everything is
wrong with that email. Go ahead. You don't know about the spots. You don't care. You have no power
over it. You don't care. We're playing a show. No put on spots that somebody else's job. We don't have
anything to say about it if we wanted to say something about it. That's correct. And that's the message
I'm trying to convey is I have another thing we'll do really just to be just people listening outside
of the market. The station doesn't care about the people listening outside of the market.
You know they don't get their ratings right. You know what are you trying to say?
Bug someone else about the streaming if you have a technical issue call India.
Yeah anything whether it's working whether it's not working what's on it what's not on it what
spots they're running all of these things excuse me. Have nothing to do with us.
But but but we ought to we ought to make an effort to find out about them. Yeah we ought to do this.
We ought to do that as if as if it has anything to do with anything that we're doing. No it's got
nothing to do with anything that we're doing. Oh I'm blessed to be able to introduce you to
Sainwire.com an online community designed periodically for those of us in recovery. Oh I see
well I'm not in recovery yet. Maybe after the show today I'll need to go into it.
As I listen to your Michael says as I listen to your site exclusively and not the 560 site
when it's not tended to your site is some issues like what the other individuals are describing.
I listen from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. to your site and it's at its worst from 930 to 10 a.m. and after 2 p.m.
Well what does that mean it's at its worst doing what I don't know what is what does that tell me I don't
it's at its worst. Here's a cartoon which I'm sure the audience is enjoying.
Oh there he goes again bitching and moaning like a little girl. Yeah that's me. What's this
fax is it from you? Yes. Oh look at that. Caulers 5 and 6 that's you read that whatever you want to
know. I don't read it now. Okay because we got the thing coming up at noon 11 minutes. High
life cafe. I callers 5 and 6 at 1 800 227 05 60 wins a hundred dollar gift certificate
to high life cafe in Fort Lauderdale. Check out their menu at highlifecafe.com that's
h-i-l-i-f-e cafe.com. Caulers 5 and 6 right now I guess please take care of this right correct
1 800 227 05 60. Caulers 5 and 6 when a hundred dollars certificate to high life cafe. That's a good deal
you got your food yet or what? No but they're here in the building in the kitchen fix and something
they're open it up. Yes they are. What about the food? I'm sure. Excellent. So that starts in about
10 minutes at noon. We got 50 100 dollars certificates and I bet you they're going to go like hot
cakes. I bet you they'll go really really fast. They always do. 354 votes on the pool. What accessory
do you regularly wear to announce to people your religion, nationality or ethnicity? I don't wear
any such accessory. 88.4% 313. He's saying that. Christian Cross necklace 19. A Muslim headrest 7. A
Yarmulko 4. I feel so bad for those kids whose orthodox families make them walk around with those
beanies on. You know you just know that a bunch of the other kids are like oh look at
any he's wearing a a beanie you know. Don't you feel sorry? No I feel bad. American flag the
Pelpin 4 star of David necklace 4 a high necklace 1 a Saint necklace 1 what is that?
Oh like Saint Peter Saint Eddie. That's right. Some other lapel pin 1 and a Buddha necklace none.
I don't think I've ever seen a Buddha necklace. Is it got like a little Buddha attached to it? That's
what it does. Really? Yep. And what do you do? You rub Buddha's head? You put him in your mouth.
Yeah you suck on him. Here's George. I'm not touching that. No. Not your type. In fact he was here.
What's his name? The Buddha? No not Buddha. The Dalai Lama. The Dalai Lama. He was here a couple
years. Remember that? I told you about all the guys with the purple robes running around. He had to
rub his head. You're supposed by me as a matter of fact. The Dalai Lama. What is his significance?
I mean what's what's the point? Well if you're into that sort of thing. Into what sort of thing?
That's like what should I like Buddhism? Yeah. And you know which I've never met a Buddhist that
could tell me what it means to be a Buddhist. Actually but if you're into that sort of thing like
Richard year and all these you know these fake Buddhists out there then it's a big deal to you.
Like the Pope for Buddhists. I see. So the Catholics have the Pope and the Buddhists have the Dalai Lama.
Sure. Hello Dalai Lama. And what is it? Why do they wear those purple outfits?
For the same reason that the Indian people are the dots I know. No. No. Everyone wears their gear.
All religious people wear their gear. You know like the Catholic priest wore those dresses and those
post you had lovely outfits. Oh my god. It's done. It can't be a religious sketch. He without
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the where is my god.
Right?
Mary Astor would be impressed by that. I wonder if he asked you what color it should be.
All the trappings and the crappings people are starving. The world is in a massive depression.
People are freezing to death on the streets of a lots of cities including this one.
And all these get skis are running around with all these expensive robes and chachkis and the chalises and they are.
Oh my god. Religion is the curse of mankind. Let me tell you that right now. In fact, if you take a look at what's happening in the
least it's all a bunch of religious cock eyes what it is because my god is better than your god.
And my falafel is better than your kisky. You should live so long. I still haven't found any good kisky.
Any even any bad kisky. Oh well. In a long long time. That's too bad for you. I got my food. You got your food there.
What do you got? I see some braised ribs over here. Boneless braised ribs. Right? I see some filet.
Gravy, some arugula salad. Some what? And I've salad. Some meatball. Dive into a crab cake and some mashed potatoes which are really great.
Wow. Little carrots from high life cafe. So we're going to do the break now which means get poised and ready.
Because right at the store could 12 noon we have 50 100 dollars to give it gets for a 50 bucks to high life cafe.
One of our most popular and one of the best deserve to from what you tell me I'm going to have to get down there next time I insist.
Okay. I'll pick you up and carry you. I'll drive you there. Excellent.
And you'll pick up the tab. Yes I will. Nice going to.
Okay. I have three emails saying that the number has been disconnected. The one 800 227. Is that bad information?
Yes. It's bad. Because we gave the certificates away.
Oh, because I dialed it in a rang and rang out like that. So try to stick your dialing fingers somewhere else you guys.
I am Frao Iliana Roslatenen and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewelry and listening to the near roe.
Amunista Outer. Take care.
We're all scraping for some dough all our payments are must be high.
I'm.
But I'm in the on and for the line.
She complains to her mother. She needs the best clothes and down.
But my daughter gets to the world. She's spending me to the ground.
I'm broke. Tell my daughter. No she don't be alive. I'm broke from my daughter.
Okay, 12 noon at 560 WQM my QAM page is like frozen I think sold out. We sold out. Yeah.
I'm down to nine and I bet if I refresh it again it's going to say sold out like in a minute. I mean yet to be verified but you know that's a formality.
And less than a minute. That's correct. I can't even get on this site.
I think there's a reason for it. Well, I'll take your word for it. Okay. I'm not going to like get all stressed out. We sold out the high life cafe in less than a minute and they're making it official now.
These stewards are checking. There's no inquiry and we'll make sure. So even Jimmy Dorsky who's usually a reliable emailer and then you know who else said that the number was disconnected.
You're my bitch. Try to get one of the certificates. Well, thank God it didn't maybe when the lines are all flooded the way that I'm sure they were.
Yeah, maybe that was the problem. Maybe there were like a zillion people trying to call. Maybe that's why I couldn't get on QAM dot com just now.
We heard you said say that. Checked it. And I don't know what these people are talking about.
To do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
I just got some stuff on the facts. Very important stuff. Muy important. They can't talk about it on the air though.
Very important. Oh good personal stuff. You know, like about money stuff.
What? Come on. No, not coming east to stuff money stuff. Oh good.
Good stuff. Good stuff. Okay, let me stick that over there. I always tell you my financial guy. He doesn't he.
He realizes I work from 10 to 2. But for some reason, he doesn't understand that I'm doing a radio show here.
I can't quite I know a lot of people like that walk in two gum at the same time. Keep calling you while you work.
Larry says this isn't Larry King. This is some other Larry. I'm assuming.
Dear near you vendor Europe more times than I've changed my underwear. But during my measly five trips last five years to Europe five times in Rome.
Patate, they feed their all over Roman, including the something the McDonald's.
Well, like I'm going to eat McDonald's in Rome. I'm not saying that they don't have French fries. But it's just not something like.
I don't see people eating them. Have you dominated the El Tempio, major of the Roman, the great temple of Rome? Oh, yeah.
Davenaria. Where's the pasta, pasta, la pasta in the ghetto of Rome along the typer? I was moved to tears while at the temple.
I heard the rabbi say, Baruch, ha, ta, anai, monagela, myzaria. And closing. Have you ever eaten in our two favorite restaurants in Rome?
One ill Giardino in the Jewish ghetto area or spirit to divino in the travestaria area. No.
They are as come a sedice in Italian. Me can plots in. See you someday on the cuda. I doubt it.
Mr. nine and nine, so you spawn. Do you understand what that means? That's.
Mr. nine, nine something. Yeah, 99 yards. Oh, is that what that is? Yeah, it's one of your drops. Oh, it's from sunny Hirsch. God almighty. It's nice to hear from sunny.
Races. Did you say that one 800 2 2 7 0 5 16 numbers disconnected? It's his ray. Surprise ray. Not only is it not disconnected? Oh, we had our team. Well, look, that's just the way it goes. Okay.
We've got it disconnected for specific people. Yeah, that's right. Like you're my bitch. That'll teach that bitch. Yeah, how do you like that?
It sends me all that cost of crap and then wants to get the freebie piece of turd. Yeah, that's a, you know, you're chuggling and twirling. That's how they are. You know, you know, me.
Oh, the good thing on the certificate deal now in the QM pages. They removed that sliding thing that kept covering it. Oh, yeah.
Zero left sold out. It's not official yet, though. Well, that could be a record. That was like in just a matter of seconds, I think.
We sold out 50 certificates. Can you believe it? Yeah, I believe it. Almost would indicate that we got a few people listening. Well, find out tomorrow morning when that book comes out. It's the dolphins book. We love the ratings. They really suck. We can't complain about our ratings on the station. Anybody because we don't have any.
We used to back before Joe Bell came to town and like they keep telling people here. Oh, we're not in the ratings. Hey, we're not done yet. We're still in whole numbers.
That's right. We haven't got down to a point. Something. Yeah, fraction. We can do better. Mike Graffalo of the newer star ledger reports New York Giants assistant offensive line coach Dave DeGuglielmo has interviewed with the dolphins to become their next offensive line coach.
Someone informed the progress of the interview with DeGuglielmo said he was offered the position and is accepted. The hiring could be announced as soon as this afternoon says the fake Barry Jackass. Thanks, Barry.
How do you like that on this sports station? We don't have anybody come running in from our sports department with that breathtaking news about this. Whatever the guy's name is. DeGuglielmo hopes to be kind of. I don't know some guy.
Oh, here's the thing from and now the thing froze up. What do you think that's all about? My thing froze up. Chris.
I'm clicking on it and it's not doing anything on my outlook or express. Oh, well. It says Neil deal winner. Yeah, my outlook or express now is all screwed up.
Neil deal winner. I just want one of the free certificates. I want to drop you an email. Say thanks. I'll call deal. Thanks, Chris. There's a good guy. See, there is the kind of guy who deserve to win. Right? Right. Not somebody who keeps sending us cost to crap. You suck. Die. Give them like to George. Like that. Like that. But I got it is decent enough to take the time to send an email and say thank you. How do you like that? Yep.
Yeah. And he didn't have any trouble getting the shoe on the align. No. This line is disconnected. My ass. I know that you got selective blocker works. Yeah, but what about what's his name? The one good guy? What's his name? We didn't block him. I guess maybe just your stuckest finger in the wrong spot. Cause I dialed it and rang right away. No problem. But that was after we already gave him away. X giant Dave mega charged with sex assault. Oh boy. Several months after. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
repay him. Maybe he got his $200 worth. The woman drove herself to the hospital where
Megat later met her and was arrested, according to police reports. Megat, who's listed as living
in North Charleston, had been out on bond to connection with another sexual assault charge.
He's got issues, as they say. Don't you love when they say that? I hate it. He's got issues.
In September, he was charged with third degree criminal sexual conduct. After a 17-year-old
North Charleston woman told authority she was raped by a man she knew as Michael, according
to police records. Michael, David, sound all similar. Jewish names, always a little bit dark
to be Jewish. She could be though, doubt it. Both South Carolina arrest occurred while Megat was
serving out two years probation for a 2006 sexual battery charge in North Carolina. Authorities
there allowed the Charleston native to serve a sentence in South Carolina, been notified about both
of Megat's recent arrests. Said Pete O'Boyle, spokesman for the South Carolina Department of
probation, parole, and pardon the services. The running back played for the New York Giants and
New England Patriots during his tenure NFL career. He was denied bond through his denied on charges
of first degree criminal sexual conduct and first degree burglary sent Spencer prior. I wonder if he's
been a kind to Spencer Ross, spokesman for the North Charleston police. He was being held in the
Charleston County jail. It was unclear if he had an attorney. Megat had been a
acquitted on sex related charges in the past 1990 while he was with the Giants. Megat was found
on Cule, a soliciting sexual and undercover police officer in Baltimore. Eight years later,
he was, oh, speaking of Baltimore, where the hell is Anita Marx? We haven't heard from her in two
days. I'm starting to get a little bit nervous about maybe her deal fell through to do 10 to 2.
You think? Maybe. Come on, Anita. The world is waiting to hear what time slots you're going to have.
Certainly not two to four. That's rock solid. And of course, now that the whole book is coming out,
we get to see the hourlies probably on Monday, right? Right. Oh, aren't you excited about that?
Not. Well, we certainly, it'll be the first test for the big O. First time he's been in for a full
book and we can actually see hourlies and see how two to four have gone since we dumped, I mean,
since a jerk's left, jerks and of course, and that one will be on two to four this afternoon,
by the way. We got no big O today. Guilty is filling the breach with his screech.
So what's Guilty have to say about things lately? Do you see him at all?
Saw him yesterday. He was at the end. What do you say? Does he have that meeting? He waived to me.
I went back and that was it. I heard. No hugging kiss and a little tongue action like nothing. John
joined next time I see him. Oh poor Guilty. Oh, here you go. You're my bitches back again. I
guess a little PO about the fact that he couldn't get through on the phone. Probably too stupid to dial
the number right. If you ask me, this thing has screwed up. It's not coming up. What's not the
email? I'm clicking on the thing and it goes to. Oh, here it is. Oh, yeah. Maybe the jackass is in
that building gave out a phony number and gave and I was just vanished again. Don't tell me
where oh, and the gave away the certificate inside the building. You all suck. Yeah, too bad. You lose. You
lose. Yeah, loser. You're my bitch. My ass. It's amazing how many retards of our there. Not that we
would know that from the phone calls, of course. 400 three votes on a pool. 88. Almost 90% of the
bodies don't wear any charge keys. Okay. Just like I'm sure if we took a poll about how many religious
or how many fish do you have on your car and how many religious bumper stickers my you know,
my fisherman was a Jewish goofball or whatever that one says. What does that say? My boss was
a Jewish freaking figure. My boss is a fat ass moron. The best name. The best talent. You're the
my religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. My beliefs are what's
required. You avoid a lack of fire. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than your
religion. My religion's better than yours. My religion advocates industry and racial hate. My
religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. What we like about the best
type of boys and wear a dress. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours. I speak up. We have no respect for women. Driver can't
make a living like a woman. I would believe in that. Absolutely. My religion's better than yours.
Chupa ha bros Citugos. We slaughter dates and dogs and goats. My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
Where? Our tasty sandwichsebodyjokemtejo  sovereignty 
My religion fenders feelings.
Fire their friends and reset them !
 coincides with played by H1
We but are not entwic 
Ans t
get to marry lots of wives, my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains, we're mindless living,
go for it.
My religion's better than yours.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Prove 18 is 560 WQM, got some bad news, not a big deal.
I just had to reboot.
I, all right, what?
Would you know what a process that is for me here?
Yeah, no.
Because I got all this other hazerai that comes up that I have to get rid of.
One day before the show, you'll assist me and get rid of that crap.
Yes, I will.
Because every time I reboot all this other crap comes out, I beg your pardon?
Gladly, with Glee.
Hmm, crap, fake.
Oh, so how's the lunch?
Oh, my God.
And is it official on the significance?
I think so.
I kept checking back and it didn't change.
And why is my, why is my Firefox not coming up?
Wait, wait for what?
Wait, Neil.
The little thing is going around and around.
Wait, Neil.
Because you didn't wait for it to boot up all the way.
That's why it's not coming up.
I didn't do what?
You didn't wait for it to boot up.
Sure I did.
No, you didn't.
How about it?
I said, look at it.
No, you didn't.
No, you didn't.
And now you have to wait longer.
Whenever I'm given somebody computer advice
and they click on something and something
doesn't happen right away.
Yeah.
I say, wait, Neil.
I know you're not impatient.
I mean, I know you're very impatient person
on the face of the earth.
Well, with computers, you got to be patient.
My idea of standing online is it's me.
I'm the only person in the line that's standing online.
You're dealing with computers?
There's a lot of waiting going on.
Well, you know what?
I don't believe it.
No, I don't believe it.
Because this thing is still going around and around.
I'm nothing in this house because you didn't wait
for the computer to boot up all the way.
Oh, good.
You didn't wait for it to make it all
for all the appropriate connections.
Because you're okay.
Well, I'm going back.
All right.
And I'm clicking OK.
And now let's see if that works.
There's the top part of it.
There it is.
See that?
Smarty pants.
Smarty pants.
Yeah.
You're pretty smart about a lot of obscure things.
But when it comes to like practical stuff.
Yeah.
I'm smarter.
I take that back.
Because some late times, George,
he helped me out with this computer crap.
You didn't wait for it to boot up all the way.
That's why you had to go back.
Well, there you go.
Here's one that says, well, there
be a farewell party at the station for George Bush.
Maybe you can shoot Joyce out of a cannon to celebrate.
Or maybe we can just shoot Joyce.
Let's see.
I also call the 800 number and got a disconnected message.
Tell George, he doesn't know everything.
Definitely.
Yes, did I just hear you say that tickle me Elmo's
going to be the dolphin's line coach.
That's right, Steve.
Tickle me Elmo.
Here's one from TM Nick.
I used to listen to you back in the Zeta days.
What happened to the bird?
He's dead.
Well, now what are you laughing about?
I mean, you get those all the time.
Talk about.
Well, they don't know.
Maybe they didn't know we haven't even
on the station now for crying out loud.
This is a guy from the Zeta days for Christ's sake.
I just heard you say that.
I heard you say that.
What?
How's it going?
22 years ago.
The bird is still dead.
He died a long time ago.
Johnny Dork was at his bedside, which I think
is pretty nice.
That's very nice old Johnny.
Huh?
It's very nice.
In fact, remember, he told us about how bad he looked
and about how good.
Well, it's the middle of lunch hour.
I don't want to go into it.
It was not a pleasant death.
I mean, I guess the research I think
is a pleasant death, right?
Is there a half that happens to somebody else?
No, and you know what I mean?
It wasn't a job that better or worse.
Right.
That's right.
I mean, no death is a good death unless you're like 110 years old.
And like my mother used to say all the time,
if I had a gun, I'd blow my brains out.
What did you say?
I'll go get you on.
Oh, I used to tell her all these pawn shops on 441,
right up the street here.
Because certainly if my mom ever said that.
Oh, I know.
You would just tell her you'd go on.
That's right.
Here you go, mom.
Full loaded.
Let me pull a trigger for you.
Let me give you some assistance with that.
You're a hard ass.
Neil, I didn't mean to come off like the other cost
of color says Jimmy Dorsk.
I was just wondering what happened to the number.
I figured if the lines were flooded, I'd get a business
signal, not the other message I heard.
Oh, well, that's life.
I guess I'll have to go to dinner at the low life cafe.
It says Jimmy.
I guess you will, Jimmy.
Sorry.
He deserved it.
Oh, boy.
This is, it says think you're having a bad day.
And it's a picture of some chick naked chick punching
some guy's junk.
He's punching it repeatedly.
Or it's just, you know, it's a thing.
It's a silly thing.
Here's one from just Bob.
How's this picked up?
Only things going to work.
I log in with my email and address.
Get a page that says thanks for playing.
How could I have played if I didn't pick a horse?
I'm not going to trash Josh Cortes,
but that promotion seems doomed to fail tomorrow.
If the QM website is all joy stuff, just wondering.
Well, we'll play it by ear.
Just get on there and register for it.
If you already did that, that's all you have to do.
And Josh Cortes is going to pick one name.
I won't give your name because then obviously
he won't pick yours.
Here's one.
George, why don't you just chew louder
for the whole friggin meal?
Jesus says Rocky.
Oh, quick being so so negative to it, Rocky.
Rocky used to be a good guy.
And now he's turn.
Oh, Jimmy Cifalus says I got it wrong.
Someone tells me you're making 750K a year.
Well, you know something, Jimmy, for a guy
who hates this show and hates me like poison.
You sure have a real amazing interest in the show and me
in my life and my just my new own business.
Rudy, I just started listening to the show.
So what happened in the QM meeting?
Nanya can't talk about it, obviously.
Anytime it's like a confidential meeting,
you don't discuss it on anything happened.
Wouldn't you think that's a good way to summarize it?
Sure, not the word allowed to discuss it.
Anyway, that was the first thing.
That's right.
We're not allowed to discuss it.
And my comment is nothing.
William says, tell the folks listening
on the web they should feel blessed.
At least they don't have to strangle
a listen with Spanish music in the background.
That's right.
That's correct.
Oh, my God.
These people.
Where?
Where?
Where?
Now I know what it must be like to be married.
That's a sampling.
Oh, the blessings of being gay.
And why gay people want to get married?
I have no idea.
I mean, I guess because it works out so well
for straight people.
Yeah.
Oh, maybe not.
Maybe not says George.
George says maybe for some straight people.
You know, maybe 10 or 20.
420 votes on a poll.
I think that's fairly impressive.
In fact, I think our goal is like 500.
Does that sound reasonable?
Sure.
I don't think we'll make it.
But you know, set a high goal.
Set the bar high.
Well, here's our our roulette again related to
Lucule.
There was most definitely a problem with the
prize line phone number as well as the
Neal Dealsight.
When I called the prize number, I twice got a
message telling me the number was no longer in
service.
Then when I hit buy now on the Neal's
Dealsight, 12 noon on the dot, I got kicked back
to the QM homepage, my computer froze.
By the time it unfroze, I got on screen message
telling me we're already sold out.
George, what's that number in India you've been
talking about?
I'll call it if your tech guys will do the same.
All these people are, you know, they got they got
shut out.
I told you, hurry, because once they're gone,
they're just going.
How's Tommy doing?
By the way, I don't hear him much anymore.
Yeah, I see I hear his voice on TV commercials.
Really?
But I assume he's doing fine.
I got a happy New Year text from him.
He's a good guy, Tommy.
Yes, he is.
Did you tell me they pushed him into sales or
some crap like that?
Oh, he volunteered for sales to make more money,
but then he decided he didn't like that.
And now he's back to production over there at
the other station.
Oh, let's see, Tom Cat.
Oh, Madden Miami, who I blocked a long time ago,
he just never goes away.
I forgot to tell you who I met at the Hard Rock
Casino this week, this weekend.
I was playing the Wheel of Fortune quarter slots.
When this dude next to me, they don't have any quarter slot.
They make believe ones.
When this dude next to me hit 100,000 quarters,
400 bucks on the spin.
I told him congratulations on his spin.
And then we started talking about the New Roger show.
I told him I emailed your show, but I don't remember
call the show.
He then informed me that he was the quarter slot guy
that called your show.
I knew by the sound of the voice,
he was the real quarter slots guy.
I told him Neil couldn't handle his deep thickening voice.
He asked me while Neil is so hard on him,
I replied I don't have a clue.
Oh, this is Matt and Miami,
who's that guy's biggest fan.
The whole story is BS.
He's like the guy's agent, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Quarter slot guy's agent.
This is also the same Matt and Miami who wants,
wants me to take calls.
He loves the calls.
Well, guess what?
Hold your breath.
I'm not saying never,
because every time I say never,
then one day I decide, oh, let's take some calls again.
Don't ask me why.
Oh, there's, oh, I see.
Here's this chick with a strap on.
In fact, it's not a strap on, it's a real one.
And she's, oh my God, I gotta, I gotta go forward this to you.
You'll find it amusing.
Howard from Broca.
Oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh, there's, oh
and with the whole iron wow Your the beta pizza
MyKasia
Your-Kiapposha stop to death as no concider
It'sjawlt
I only had a niggilish min in a snippet of the slums of the pizza.
I wake up, pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
I pick that pizza.
now for the second time responding to his email that he sent before and it gets
kicked back Wesley.
It gets kicked back to me.
There's no such thing like no no no no like he's got a screener or a blocker or
something like we have that I'm not getting through.
He's got you blocked?
He might have everyone blocked.
Well obviously then maybe that's why he keeps asking those stupid technical
questions because he's technically inept.
Wesley has advice not questions.
Advice about what?
About how the people can get their streaming on their iPhone.
Oh boy.
Which I know I just don't want to go into it.
If you have an iPhone and you don't know how to add apps to it I have nothing but contempt
for you.
How do you have a how do you have a device that you don't know how to use?
It came with a manual.
Manual came with it?
Yeah.
Let's see Mexican.
E-manual.
Oh, he went to the app store.
How about Ramay's Sakes?
Download what's the app?
He's got it over here.
One of you wish Ram Emmanuel.
He's I don't know.
He's your new president.
So chief of staff.
Ram Emmanuel.
Wonder with a you.
I mean, Ram sounds like an Arab to me or something.
Don't that?
Ram?
Who?
Ram.
Ram Emmanuel.
Never heard of them.
Get out of here from Illinois.
Who?
Big Shot Congress congressman.
I don't know.
Barack Obama's chief of staff.
And you know, Ramay really strange looking guy kind of short about two feet tall and got
like a purple head.
I mean, on his shoulders.
You don't know Ram Emmanuel?
Nope.
Not personally.
Well, Emmanuel certainly sounds awfully Jewish to me.
I don't know.
I mean, not that it makes a difference.
The most Jewish last name of them all.
I mean, Robinowitz, I think, is all those Shapiro and what about Goldstein?
Huh?
And what about me?
Molly Goldberg and Hank Goldberg.
That'll be about Captain Goldberg or Goldstein, something gold.
I bet you'll win.
Fine gold.
Sure.
Fine Stein.
Diane, fine Stein.
Oh, we're fine.
Fine Stein.
Stein.
Wesley.
Is this the same Wesley, Wesley, Chapel?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, he says, Tel Difo.
He's been emailing it in for who knows how long.
So there.
Here's the iPhone instructions one more time.
He says, and then he's got a whole thing here.
And it goes on.
But it beep, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop,
west in Lakeland on the road to La Cucci.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Right.
On the road to the nut house, on the road to Arcadia, west, but he's in Lakeland.
So I do like that idea of the most Jewish name.
Maybe we'll get some on the, uh, how about Cohen?
Sure.
How about Maricone?
Maricone, Maricone.
Haven't heard from that idiot in a long time.
Although probably, um, probably one of the chronic emailers.
How about Newman is the, uh, as the last Jewish name says Jane Cooper City.
Newman.
Newman's a good one like Paul Newman, Alfredi Levine.
Levine and Levine says Joe from Toronto.
Levine and Levine like Mike Levine.
What about Mohawar David?
Did it did, huh?
How about it?
David like Ted David.
Sure.
Jewish first name.
You see how many goyam named their kids David is a first name?
Oh, lots.
It's Christian name too.
You know, it is Bible stuff.
David and Goliath.
That's right.
That David was no goy, no, no, no million goyasha, David's.
How about the David and Rome there with a shapely penis?
You see?
Yeah.
Uncircumcised.
I don't think the, uh, oh boy.
I don't think they're research when they've carved that statue.
What do you mean by that?
Well, if it was supposed to be the David from the Bible,
he would have been circumuspect.
Correct.
He was Jewish.
You don't see too many Jews running around with force getting hangin' down.
I'll tell you that.
What was that movie, Europa Europa?
Right.
Where the cute kids say, I'm winning doubts, stretch it out.
Yeah, you can turn to one.
Get it back.
Ha ha ha ha.
Didn't work out too, can you?
No, no.
I wonder what happened to the fake Maria Bartheromo?
Did she vanish?
Oh, she'll write you an email if you want.
See, one thing about being on CNN,
you can't read that logo in the bottom right hand corner with binoculars.
That's how bad it is.
Now, let me flip over to MSNBC to get the MS.
Oh, the S&P is down 24.
The Dow is down just about 200 point.
And there's that scream repeat Williams on there.
It's just too bad that the Bush administration didn't do this from the beginning,
didn't see congressional approval,
and instead tried to do it on the idea that the president has inherent powers
because it was the argument at the time that it violated the so-called Pfizer.
We've heard that abbreviation a lot today.
It stands for Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Down to 02 on the Dow.
This is working now. It's just too bad.
Getting really depressing now that I turned on MSNBC.
I'm going back. Oh, and by the way,
let me tell you who really is very bad.
And I know I get a lot of crap.
Oh, gee, you won't give her a chance.
Rachel Maddow, she is amateur hour.
She comes on after Overnment and she tries to be like Keith Overnment light
or something like that.
Although I notice she is wearing like a little lipstick.
Now, that's an improvement.
I still don't understand what that is about pasty dikes,
about why so many lesbian women have to go around trying to be as unattractive,
no makeup, no accoutrements, no, you know, why is that?
Because they don't got to.
What do you mean they don't got to?
Because that's for those other chicks.
You know, see men don't have to wear makeup
so they don't have to wear makeup.
Don't you understand that that's a symbol of inferiority?
When you have to dress up,
when you have to gussie yourself up to be approved by society,
that's a symbol of inferiority.
Yeah, but what about when you're on television?
They don't play that.
Like Ellen and this chick, Rachel Maddow,
you know, this might shock you to dad.
It does shock me.
They are wearing makeup.
Really?
Yeah, oh yeah, I know.
Why'd you hate to see him in the morning?
I'm...
Your name's the best actor.
You don't have your name, Roger.
Neon God.
You fairy.
My name is Fairy.
Sing like a fairy.
Here.
He's got a nose shape like a banana.
Of my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
He's...
Like a banana.
You fairy.
I've got a hunker, the size of yonkers.
When I get a stuffed up nose,
I be dressed in a hose.
But now, upon the case,
my life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and singing.
My shnavs in your face got a nose shape like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shape like a banana.
Of my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I come a job, Brownie.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
You think the party has started?
Call them when the party starts.
Like a banana.
Did the party start yet?
They're good by George Bush party?
No, not yet.
Oh my God.
Today is Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.
And then Tuesday, bye-bye.
Bye-bye as we have the inauguration.
And have you noticed that they got the gay bishop?
Is it going to give the blessing, whatever the hell they did?
The what?
The what?
The benedict.
Whatever he's going to do, he's going to bless the something.
To try to pacify the crowd because that far-bison Rick Warren is going to give the...
Well, whatever he's given, they're all giving something.
They're all giving a bunch of crap.
But it's a bit, but it's a bit about...
Jason and Western says have either Joe Roser-Jim Manage done better in the ratings than Hank Goldberg did when he was there?
No.
I must have hoped for a love your show.
Take care.
Jason and Western, not to be confused with Jason in plantation, who's taken a nice rest today.
Thank God.
Wow.
Not that he's not a good emailer, but holy moly.
Sometimes when these people get all worked up, you know?
Like they're taking the show over.
You know how that goes?
Yes, I do.
Oh, there come the sirens again.
All I did was mention Jason in plantation.
And here they come in your home?
Yep.
You really can?
I do.
This time.
I'd open a window except it's minus 8 billion Celsius.
In fact, let me take a look at that.
I'm sure Pauli is listening right now taking notes.
And he'll want to be given the Toronto weather tomorrow after he talks about the Chinese month.
I'm sure he did say that.
Whatever.
Minus 15 Celsius.
What is that?
It's sunny. It's beautiful.
Looks really nice from the inside.
For my face.
Tosty.
Five degrees.
Plus five.
Five above zero.
And the roads are clean and clear now.
I told you how it took our lives in our hands yesterday.
They mean Pauli, the cab driver.
Coming back on that nasty frozen.
What are they?
Black ice.
Right.
And the one thing about the drivers here and they are the worst I've ever seen anywhere.
On a dry road on a nice sunny summer day, they go too slow.
Way too slow.
But when all of a sudden it starts like snowing and sleeting and slushing and there's like black ice.
Then all of a sudden they start speeding up and changing lanes real fast and doing crazy irresponsible things.
And then a whole bunch of wind up dead.
I mean, don't you feel that way a lot of times you have confidence in your own driving ability and you're not worried about your own situation.
That's all about it.
But you're worried about other people going to come sliding India or do crazy things that are going to kill you or stick your ass in the hospital.
Lecture to the daughter long and hard about that.
Not about what you're doing but about what the other people do.
That's exactly why you have to take precautions.
Absolutely correct.
Good enough to be a good enough driver for yourself.
You have to be a good enough driver for all the crazy people up there.
Absolutely correct sir.
Brandon says I think my favorite Jewish names are lip shits which I mentioned.
Finkelstein, how about Finkelson?
Like Alan Finkelson?
And Hyman Roth, grateful name.
Leave it to Brandon to come up with some like Godfather thing in there.
He's obsessed.
Roth and what about Rothstein?
Sure.
I'm going to let you make that list out.
Oh yeah, I know my Jews.
We used to have neighbors in Rochester and their name was, oh my God, I'm trying to thank.
Eisenberg.
Your buddy Bob Eisenberg, Denonberg, anything Berg.
Right?
Iceberg.
Sure.
Gold Boy.
I'm trying to think of the name of our next true name.
I can't believe I had a brain.
It's only 100 years ago.
So many great last Jewish names.
Lipshits I think might win it.
How do you spell that?
Google it.
No, I'm not going to Google it now.
Okay, I'll Google it.
Okay.
I got it right.
L-I-P-S-H-I-T-Z.
Rudolph Lipshits.
The German mathematician and professor at the University of Bond from 1864.
Gustav Driflett was his teacher.
He supervised the work of Felix Klein.
Oh, Klein, there's another one.
Right?
Yep.
Rubenstein.
Rosenstein.
All the steens.
All the steens.
And Steins.
I still don't know how you tell the difference.
Nobody was able to answer that.
And because it's an individual choice, I guess.
I mean, it's pretty sad when there are some people don't know how to pronounce their own name.
Yeah, I'll say.
I mean, how many people do you know name be health-or-risk?
Each.
That was known as the original name, Be Health-or-Rickies.
See, instead of just shortening a name like that.
Or you, the leverage.
How about Solomon?
See, at least that's a good sounding name, you know?
Solomon?
Sure.
And Rosen?
Nice flow to it that too.
Sounds good in your ear.
What?
Be Health-or-Rickies.
That sounds like a sound you make when you throw an up or something.
Be Health-or-Rickies?
Yeah, what?
I can barely even say it.
So anyway, getting back to Bluebell Ice Cream, remember we had that hype yesterday?
Right.
So one of our chronic regular emailers sends me this whole lengthy thing from New York Times,
no less, May 31, 2006, making Texas cows proud.
I mean, this thing goes on for pages.
I'm not going to read the whole thing unless I have to, you know?
Wouldn't you think there'd be a whole bunch of names being emailed in right now?
No.
No?
Maybe there are.
Maybe there are.
You don't know.
I don't know.
Berentbaum and Golden Farb.
The funniest Jewish name I've heard says this one, Mendel Berentbaum and Schlommel Golden Farb.
As soon as Obama takes office, he needs to wish the immediate arrest of Bush and Cheney for crimes against humanity
and stick their asses in the same cell as OJ, it says, but he won't.
Mendel Berentbaum and Schlommel Golden Farb.
I wonder if they're Jewish.
Oh, here's this idiot again.
The GM, I'm blocking him. He bugs me.
GM33 is an idiot.
I'm telling you they do this. They do that good.
Go back there and stay there.
Attorney John Fenster Shive.
See his commercials all the time.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, here's Jason, the product from Plantation.
You see what I mean? I just mentioned his name and he came out of a dormant state, Florida, and all of a sudden, here he is.
I thought I would send you something other than the recent food casino emails, girl punching guy, shower scene, red bull, apple bottom.
Oh, he sent me all that crap.
He's the one that sent all that pornographic crap with the fake email.
No, I didn't have a good belly laugh. I was grossed out.
George liked it, though.
I'm still laughing about it.
Are you?
Yeah, listen.
Barry Jackass has got the biography of Glen the Bird Hill here, including things I'm sure I never knew.
Isn't that amazing?
Sure is.
The fake Barry Jackass.
Paul Thompson says every time I hear Cohen, I think of Yarmul Kuzn and Blintzies, please add to the list.
Cohen.
Yeah, Cohen could be the winner.
Yeah.
Could be the real answer.
I don't want to ruin your poll.
However, quite a Wikipedia.
Cohen, Levy and Miller are the few most popular Jewish names in the US.
Miller.
Oh, yeah, it is real.
Cohen, Levy and Mizrahi are the top three.
Says Marty Cohen, Levy.
Yeah, Marty.
Marty.
Let it come.
How about Frankenstein?
Yeah, we got your Frankenstein over here, Rudy.
Cliff says Norman, Jewish and his is some of famous Hollywood director.
Oddly, he's not Jewish.
I never knew that.
I saw an interview with him where he said he was invited to speak to some Jewish organization.
When he arrived, he was asked to speak about the trials of being a Jew.
When he told him he wasn't Jewish, their jaws dropped open.
Can you have a more Jewish name than Jewish?
I don't know.
How about Solomon?
Didn't we just say Solomon?
Your little slow Rudy.
Maybe he sent that before.
Don't be pick it on Rudy.
Okay, here's the, I think I'll save it for after the break.
The bio of a Glen Hill.
Okay.
The last sentence says Glen passed away in 2000 at the age of 51 in Lakeland, nursing home with his good friend Johnny Dark by his side.
Doesn't that raise some questions in your mind?
No.
About who I'm talking about, Barry Jackass.
Oh, about the identity of the fake Barry Jackass.
Maybe with his good friend Johnny Dark by his son.
What's the biggest name?
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
And Spencer Ross.
And Jack Moiseum.
My wife took their card out of mold.
She drives my viewer again, she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with no way.
I said I'd needed a lady today.
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollyfus to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my friend's kind.
Looks like it's time to change.
Custom boss players don't always stay the same.
All they're gonna do is get a tells me to do.
The private highlights, he must be insane.
Just sitting here and resting my bones.
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never went.
We just wind up slapping through the mall again.
Oh, so I sit on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollyfus to take me away.
Oh, you're just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my friend's kind.
Oh, there he is.
Time to wait for the old man to get in this bench.
Where the hell have you been?
Where are you going?
Frozen black.
Like I said, we could do this all day.
You think there were like a trillion Jews or something running around.
What all those names?
Very Jackass says, subject Glen Hill.
Then grew up in them.
Maybe you got the cart there with the a cacolonnet.
Because I don't have that.
I do.
So you think that would be appropriate a little bit of that?
Oh, no.
Carst broke.
And it's gone.
Remember a lot of stuff got blitzed out of here because of a mishap?
Because of what mishap?
Well, the one DCS died in here.
So Timmy replaced it with a different one.
And when he hooked the new one up to the old one,
it started erasing things.
We lost 15% of the content on here.
Coincidentally, as luck would have it, anything I want was what was erased.
What does it have to do with the cart?
The actual physical cart is long gone.
It is?
I put it in the DCS.
Oh, no.
That sounds like something out of the...
A bug packs in songbook.
I might have a backup somewhere.
About the jerk.
What was that engineer's name?
Roy Pressman.
Well, what a memory you got.
Oh, we don't do carts here anymore.
And so we had like eight city carts sitting on the floor.
And they made us weed them out and shroud about like seven city in them.
Don't you wish we had that stuff back now?
You know it.
God, especially a butcher.
And foul mouth dolphins.
Oh, yeah.
Glen Hill grew up in Lake Bonny neighborhood and spent a lot of time hanging around WLAK.
The local NBC affiliate, a few blocks down the street from his home.
He eventually got into the business and made stops at Winter Havens WINT,
Sarasota's WIND, and Lakelands WQPD before moving to Miami.
There he became the producer and sidekick to talk to your host Neil Rogers,
who nicknamed him the bird because of his cackling laugh and dried livery.
In 1989 during the pair stood at WIOD, Glen was booted from the show and
had joined decision by station management and Rogers and the two went their separate ways.
There was no joint decision.
It was my decision and Mike Disney said, oh, how fast can I get down the hall and tell him?
Rogers remained in Miami and Glen, whose health was under decline for me to save
the illness, MS, moved back to Lakeland in 1990.
His last radio work was in the mid-90s.
His support off on NewsTalk, 1430 WLKF.
Glen passed away in 2000 at the age of 51 in Lakeland nursing home with his good friend Johnny Dark.
By his side.
Here is Johnny. I didn't know that Johnny was there when he died.
I knew he went to visit him and told me about what horrible shape he was in and how bad he looked, etc.
Was Johnny there when he died?
That's the story that I hear from you.
What do you mean that's the story?
I read this from Barry Jackass, but you're talking about I told you that?
No, no, no, from your mouth.
You read it from Barry Jackass. That's when I heard about it.
From my mouth to your Jackass? Like that.
Yeah.
Brackum.
I don't know.
It's a microphone.
What do you mean by that?
My ass.
It is?
Yeah, I talk into it.
Make the voice deeper.
I might as well be.
I talk out of it.
So you might as well talk into it.
489 on a pull.
We got 500 licked easy.
Why is this Edwin idiot keep coming back?
Who is more Jewish, he asks.
The Russian Jews or the New York Jews?
I don't know. I'll go find some.
Dan from I Me Meets says,
this is a short sample of a complete song for brokenhearted, which you're free to use.
And he's got a link in a taxman.
Oh, too bad.
If you send me a link, it's like when people send us stuff that they want back.
It's the same thing.
If you send a link or a taxman, it's going to get deleted immediately.
Not sooner.
99% of the time.
I don't have time to posky around with that.
Loyal 10 year Hispanic.
Listen, never had the chance to call in, but now the option to write is perfect.
Good.
I'm a painter working outdoors all the time.
Always since I discovered you on the radio, listen to you in Georgia and I'll turn it into information and fun.
Along the years your show has changed.
We noticed, but your number one, no more own old dammit.
Well, I don't think so.
We're not going to be number one.
We're number one.
We used to be number one.
Now we're number on Adam Oshmak is just, oh, yeah, the thing about little eight-off Hitler.
You saw that story, right?
Yeah.
Boring.
Hey, Georgia, I hate to burst your bubble, but there are no apps available in the store in the
eye store for live audio streaming and Windows format.
The only way to listen to the Roger Show live is to hack the phone and modify the operating system, which requires some skill.
So stop pitching about people not knowing how to use their device.
No, I won't.
See, here's the thing.
There's a way to do it.
And this is what I didn't want to get into.
Go ahead.
People that don't know how to use their equipment that make a half-baked effort to do so.
There are lots of people listening to the show on streaming audio with their iPhone or Windows mobile-capable phone.
If some people know how to do it and other people don't, that's not my fault.
I know how to do everything that I want to do on my phone and I did it all by myself by googling the questions in there.
If you're too stupid to figure it out, that's not my problem.
And you got the guy Wesley taking people through it, taking people by the hand that didn't want to get into this whole thing,
because every time you try to do that, every time you try to give someone tech support, they can't figure it out despite your best efforts, and then they get mad at you.
So really, yeah.
Dave King in Punta Gordas, as I just heard you mentioned, Blue Bell ice cream, so I decided to write.
My wife was recently pregnant with the newest Neil Rogers fan. Her cravings were Blue Bell cookies and ice cream, cookies and cream.
20 pounds later, I have my New Year's resolution. We love the show, have zero complaints, the price is right. Thanks, Dave.
How do you like that? The price is right. They got no complaints.
What are we freshing out? Look as opposed to where? Why don't you do this? How about you do that? Why don't you retire? Why do you? Oh, God.
Malcontents, misfits, morons, siblings, not that I like name calling and stuff like that.
Son of Shrine and it's a magnificent day. I'll tell you that.
It's a good, good day in my life. Trust me. I know it's only like half over, but it's a good day.
I got this whole article about Blue Bell ice cream. Take out to go into it. No. Why not? Why? Because there's no more emails. Read Wesley's again.
I don't want to say very detailed instructions on how to get the streaming on your iPhone going for those people that can't figure it out by themselves.
No. I'll let you in Wesley battle it out. No, no, Wesley and I aren't battling it out. Who is the people that don't know how to use their phones and themselves? Why are you going to repeat what you're doing?
I'm battling it out. Okay, keep repeating this. See, there's no more emails. I might as well. That's what I mean.
That's what I'm saying. Just keep repeating it until two o'clock. We got 50 minutes to kill. I'm going to give them Wesley's email.
I have a full question. Wesley can be their tech support. Oh God.
We sold out these certificates by the way for high life cafe and what about the 30 seconds? 50 seconds. Is that correct? That is correct.
And it's official. They're long gone. I knew they would be. I warned everybody. They go real fast.
Oh no. Nashville Tennessee. This is a well, it's not that long of a story. It's for the only email. Somebody as well get with it.
This is just killed a little time before those big ratings come out tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock and we start counting that bonus money.
499 votes on the poll. Once we get to 500, then we can go home.
How's Fat Chris doing? Any word? Fine. Saw me yesterday. You didn't. What are you saying?
Nothing. I came in here to grab my briefcase and everything and he like ran. I couldn't find him afterwards. I was going to have a little chat. He ran away.
He has birthday present over here. I guess he just ran right out of here.
It was his birthday. It was his birthday December 29th. And I have yet to give him his present. I've been carrying it around since then.
And he ran away. I couldn't find him. Not that I didn't exoncise a message. Maybe that was a silent message.
Renee and Jim Martin. Hello. Send me this story. Happy New Year to you in Georgia. I'm not sure if you've seen this story.
I did not. Since I won't be able to listen to the show till after its archive.
Two football coaches wrestling an only their underwear at 4 o'clock in the morning shatter the window at fall four stories.
And the best part is the name of the hotel they were staying in. You just can't make this stuff up. Says Jim and Tella has to.
And we'll get to it right after the break. Take your time by the way, George. Relax. No questions. Don't get upset with the rest of us.
You're a bastard.
The worst of these they all are fashion by. The worst of these. The worst of these. The worst of these.
Well, we had to just sit downstairs.
The right way not. One, two, throw. Text us from ourselves.
You've got to watch what you say you better or else.
You're a bastard. You're a bastard. The worst of these are monetary.
Everyone feels what I say. I'm not like that.
We both have to. Yeah, we both did. Hey, what it is. We're an edited version of that. I know there must be.
Let's see. Oh, yeah, there is. Right underneath it. Try that one.
I need closure on that bit. No. What? I need closure. Well, you're not going to get a closure yet.
512 votes on the pool. We kicked ass today. If a fatso's, I'm sure he's not. I'm sure he's sleeping.
So what? What kind of a schedule do you have when you work like from five to six in the morning?
I don't know. That's not the only time he works. He doesn't.
He's over night. Look at that shift midnight till five. So that's it. The essence. He's working overnight.
Correct. Oh, for baby. Probably some weekend stuff to what? Probably some weekend stuff to.
But not on this show. Now, who's working with you on Monday? Lee.
Flea. Who's working with me on president's day? Don't know yet.
Monty says and you know something I knew this would happen every time I make any comment about Rachel Maddow,
which is always negative because I don't like her work. Any time I make a comment, I immediately get something like this.
Monty says for someone who's always fetching about complaints and critiques, you should oh mind spewing yours.
That's right. Because that's why it's the near Roger showed it. They pay me to give my opinions.
I've never heard Rachel mad. I'll hold herself up as the standard bear of femininity.
Therefore, her looks really should not be relevant. Aside from the fact that she's on television.
She is however very bright and articulate news analyst who rise to start superstar and doesn't surprise anyone familiar with her work.
I'm never sure if your superficiality is just radio stick or true reflection of your off air personality.
I certainly hope it's the former best wishes. Monty.
P.S. take a good look in the mirror before criticizing others for their appearance.
First of all, I'm not on television number one. Number two, that's just an aside.
Since he's an out of the closet lesbian that she have to go on there as pasty and unfeminant looking as possible.
I guess the answer is yes. I guess Ellen already said the standard for that.
But that that's a small part of it. If she looked like dog poop, what would I care? Is Keith Oberman a hot looking guy?
I don't think so, but I love his show because I love what he says and I love what he does.
Okay, that's just a weak, weak imitation. And she does all these facial expressions, you know, all the same molding and stuff.
It just doesn't do it for me. Okay. I don't like her show. And as a result, generally speaking, I don't watch it.
Oberman brings her on the last minute of the show after he throws that phony thing through the window. And that's it.
And after like a minute or two, I turn it off. I don't send her an email saying, oh my God, you're such a dyke.
And what do I care if she's a dyke? You're making a difference of this old queen.
Superficiality or radio stick? How do you like that? Because I don't like her on the air.
Well, what does that make me? I don't know. A bad guy. Fat Homo.
Somebody with an opinion?
Whatever happened to Watson and met other bubble head on CNN, Paul Azan. She sure vanished real fast, isn't she?
Remember we had that stuff about the inside story on the TV talking heads and about the fact that the people have worked with her.
Said she was the biggest vacuum head they ever encountered in their lives. Bubble head.
And she was attractive relatively speaking. She sure was better looking at Rachel Maddow. See television, I hate to break the news to Maddie is a visual medium.
So when you go on there and believe me, I'm I'm a Zuglia Sim, but I'm not sitting here pretending to be like somebody who belongs on TV.
And obviously that whammy show that that was a massive tremendous production.
So we ever forget that. Thanks again to your good friend.
Marvin.
See one thing about Marvin, he hated me like poison.
Yeah, and you and you're in denial about that. No, I'm not. Or you're not. He might deny it.
On the radio show when he produced this show on that TV show on whammy, which he concocted, which was the most vicious.
Peptin, he'll get nothing to do with the actual production of it. Well, he invented.
Oh, Ray D Ray D stop.
You know something he didn't he say earlier in the show he wasn't going to be chronic.
And now he's sending me silly things.
Here's Ernie Banks, a K Rocky.
The Rocky that sends the psychotic stuff.
Yeah, as opposed to the Rocky that doesn't want to be confused with that Rocky.
515 votes on the poll not too bad, not shabby. I'm not going to read the result until the end of the show.
Oh, that Ray D. Well, again, I don't understand what these people do all day.
Don't people work anymore? I know a lot of people are out of work.
Don't they like do something productive? No.
Wow. Maybe they're just showing up at work and they're mailing it in.
I think that's what it's all about. Maybe Meefo had a point. The whole world is mailing it in.
Except him. Okay, here's Ernie Banks, a K Rocky.
Ever since I started listening to your show on the internet, I mentor kids in my neighborhood,
stopped drinking and smoking, started taking FN nature B, started a neighborhood crime watch,
and have passed all my something with the US government.
I don't cut down trees anymore. I've sent money to the NAACP.
I can't thank you guys enough. I feel complete. My life has totally changed.
Just messing around. I love you guys, Ernie Banks.
So he's talking about the streaming again. This is his way of coming in the back door with a sarcastic shot about the PSAs.
If you don't like the PSAs, very simple. Don't listen to them. God.
Dog barking at the moon and the moon. Guess what? Doesn't go away.
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
Don't you get tired of it after a while? Yeah. Very tired. I do. It's beyond our control.
I don't mind the hate emails. I don't mind the other stuff, but this crap about the internet stream.
And I'd like to have more on in the New Orleans Gary Goldbarm.
Everybody said the other day, I'll only write to you when I have something to complain about.
Well, that's not that's great. Yeah, at least he was being honest. That's right.
I'll only write when he wants to bitch and grow in and moan. Bah, bah, bah.
Dan from Miami Beach says, I should have known better about the attachments.
Is there any possibility you could hear or slice, use the material I want to share with you?
I don't mean to be push your renewations, but you are being Dan. Can I drop it off at the station?
Some song he's got or whatever it is. Yeah, you can drop it off at the station. Georgia listen to it.
I'll play it for you. And he'll play it for more. He can email it to me because I'm not superstitious about such things.
I'm not. Oh, why did you say that? I'm superstitious about it. I don't know.
You're not afraid to go to websites.
You don't understand. I don't I don't have the time. And I'm not going to take the time to go through every attachment and link that all these people send.
No, I understand that. Not every, but if it looks interesting, it didn't look interesting. Okay.
Did it look interesting? I didn't get a copy. Oh, well, send it to Georgia. Okay, Dan. You get a much better reception from Georgia. That's right.
Wow. Oh, here's that thing. The story Nashville, Tennessee, two football coaches from a Pennsylvania college were injured Tuesday morning after they fell four stories of gay Lord opulan resort.
Police said the two men Scott Koi 29 and Darren Demio 23 were wrestling shirtless in their boxer shorts when they tumbled out a window from a room in the Delta H.
Human section around 415 a.m. These are really substantial weather resistant double-pained plate glass windows.
So it's a very strange unusual occurrence for someone to literally come crashing through them and down onto the ground below said Kim Keeler opulan hotel spokeswoman.
Koi suffered a pelvic and femur fracture and is in critical condition at Vanderbilt Medical Center.
Demio suffered a broken vertebrae, but was released from hospital two days after the incident.
Koi is the co-offensive coordinator for the Westminster College football team in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania.
Demio is the team's running back coach. Police said a third man Tom Watts, the team's defensive coordinator witnessed the men wrestling and their plunge.
Alcohol may have been involved, but police don't expect charges to be filed. Demen were in town for the 2009 American football coaches, something rather.
And then it ends. It just ends.
Well, they were wrestling and they were like in their underwear, their boxer shorts and they went tumbling out the window.
You know, happens all the time, I guess. I guess. Wouldn't you think?
Don't forget, go see George this Saturday. Now, last time he had the appearance in like six people showed up for something like that.
And then I got blamed by somebody. It's on the emails. Oh, if you would have promoted it like crazy.
Every other word was your. That's right. Like five times an hour. And I'm doing the same thing with this one.
You know, I think in Lake worth. Peta. Yeah, we're in that Peta. How you doing? I'm all right, darling. How you got that manifier? I got that manified. Why'd you get fired? You hypocritical.
Oh, it's still man. Why does many crank call the station? What is his problem?
This is I was just used with his eight years as president coming to a close. The president admitted that some of his decisions have been unpopular.
One of the things I'm beginning to realize is that I am smarter than birds and some good news out of Iraq.
US military commanders have announced that the third annual bring your daughter to war day was a great success. We'll be right back.
Okay, Kevin wants to know how you register for the Pita pony thing for Gulfstream. You don't do it on our website. You do it on the WQM.com website. Correct.
Look on the page there and go scroll down on the bottom right. You'll find I don't know where it is. It's on there somewhere. Pick a pony contest.
And you click on that. You register and then tomorrow, Josh Cordis is going to pick somebody he likes. He already has. Has he already picked a contestant? Yes. So in other words, it's too late for people to register for tomorrow.
Correct. But they could still register for like next week because we're going to be doing this every week for like a while. Right. Months. Presumably. Yes.
Well, what do you mean presumably unless I pick bad horses? Is that what you're saying like the other day? Sure. Let's make that up. Let's make water. Is that just an excuse?
Gunman Rob's college class. Where is that? Student is telling us that a man with a wig walked into a class there on campus had a gun demanded all purses and wallets.
The professor was actually made to get down on the floor. The memory. We don't care about them. I'll go in Memphis. How about the interesting Jewish names in Memphis?
Did I say Schwartz? By the way, I don't think I don't think you do. How can you leave Schwartz out? Right. My God. How about Sarner?
Anyway, here's one from the same chronic. I think this is Matt Miami, the one with the fake phone number. If you were in touch with South Florida, you'd be talking about the cold weather. It's been the lead story and every newscast and every channel for the past day. Well, guess what? That indicates to me. There ain't nothing exciting going on there.
Who now wants to talk about the freaking weather in addition to which what do you know about cold hot shot? It's minus infinity here. And I'm not sitting here going. It's cold. Okay.
Some days it's hot. Some days it's cold. Some days it's just right. Some days it's lukewarm. And all days this any of this full of crap. At least you're consistent. Talk about the weather. Oh, 50s and 60s, poor babies.
We want to talk about the weather unless there's like some severe. And by the way, we did a magnificent job. If you asked me when hurricanes were coming, Katrina knows it.
And that's because we weren't losing our power. And we were in touch. Thanks to the internet and thanks to the TV minus 13. What's minus 13 Celsius? Sunny though. It's beautiful. I'm not complaining.
I'll just rush into the cab and my cab. You'll take me right up to the door and I'll run right inside. Find me a hot machine. What's minus 13 Celsius? Look, don't make me ask again. Please. Like 10, 12, 10 or 12 above zero.
Like nine and they're and they're bitching about 50s and 60s. In fact, yesterday was it yesterday? I think it was early in the morning. It was minus 30 with the windshield. And I remember I asked you and you said that's 21 below zero. 21 below zero and 50s and 60s.
God talk about a bunch of panty wastes. The fake clearances back. He says when trying to find great Jewish last names, look no further than QAM.
What names like Agler, Cranc, Feldman, Goldstein and even Darrow. I had to break the news to the clearance. Darrow is not a Jewish name, even though he is WQM never discriminates against Jews. Oh, yeah.
We even have a great friend Drew Rosenhausen that's Jewish. Unfortunately, he's killing that morning show him and that the other guy, Alex Marvez. See, they never learned the lesson.
But far be it for must interfere, you know, right? I told you Zach and the well, I think Joe, well, first of all, I heard Drew Rosenstein do a live spot this morning.
So anybody out there, if you've got a sponsor that you can endorse, come on in and we'll give you your own hour, your own segment on some show. So you can do a live spot or consider very confident for a Jew name.
My favorite spot to play and workout is at the J Morton, 11th All, JCC. I love you, Neil. I'm still working on destroying your show. I mean, doing everything in my power to improve your ratings. George, Joe asked me when you plan to start a his show, sign the fake clearance.
Probably the same day that he starts on the winery show with Roger Magutland.
Phil Attsman says Rachel Maddow has an Adam's apple. How do you like that? That's pretty.
What is that? Holder. Why? So does that hold? So does man colder. That's right. Only man colder, at least give Rachel credit. She's out of the closet.
Not that she'd be fooling anybody, but nevertheless. And let me clarify again, I don't care what she looks like. I don't like her show. I don't like what she does. She doesn't do it for me. Okay. Period.
Oh, you better take a look in the mirror. How are you? That really cracks me up. The idea that only attractive people can make comments or have an opinion of what other people look like.
Ugly people have no business offering opinions on what other people look like. When did when did that start? I miss the memo. I'll send it to you again.
Don't do it.
Dumb jingles be damned. Oh my god. If this is about the streaming. I don't know what they're saying. I don't know where they're coming from. I'll print it out. I'll tolerate it. I'll read. I'll give it a chance.
Well, here's one. Don't say anything funny. I had to get out of my car. Wait five minutes. Okay. I won't. I won't say anything funny.
Well, here's this idiot again. Same. Oh, Edwin. Go away. Edwin. I'm going to block your ass too. Pretty soon. Oh, you've been talking about emails. Then you keep blocking everybody. Believe you. Me. If you sat here and you looked at this crap.
If you if you had to look through this swill every day, you say, Oh my god. It must be dangerous outside. It's dangerous.
Maria Davis says, taste the real elixir of youth, try generic viagra. That was just a my crackberry. You heard buzz? No. No. Next time it buzzes. I'll put it up to the mic.
Here is the mini biography of Norman, Jewish and it was born in Toronto 1926. Do we care about Norman, Frederick, Jewish and not even a little bit. Oh, here you go. Monty is back. Your superficiality is just is defined by your taste for boy bands, Brady Quinn, Taco Bell. And your inability to ever say anything nice about a member of the opposite sex. All that said, I'm still a huge fan. And overlook your shortcomings. You're still the best regards. Monty.
He punches with one hand and shakes the other one. He shakes it with the other one. It's all right, Monty. Whatever you say, you're entitled, even though you're full of crap. I've never say anything nice about any member of the opposite sex. How about what's your name from what's your name? I don't know.
So not Susan Sarand, and who's the other one I love? Sigourney Weaver. Sigourney Weaver. I love Sigourney Weaver. He's never heard me say that. That must be because I'm an old fag. So I don't like women. You know, that's the state like swillery. I didn't like swillery. So therefore must be a fag thing.
Speaking of closet bag, swillery. I like yelling in Roosevelt just fine. She was an old bag. My husband said my husband said.
That was her one line. My husband said, well, her husband said a lot of things. He was president four times. And he was diddling his mistress to and warm springs. And all of a sudden, maybe he did a little bit too much. And he died. One day, FDR, he said, rock solid. No, he said, I'm dying. Oh, we got guilty for the big oldest afternoon. Everybody get ready for that. Be prepared. Don't say it in morning. I got a man who knew.
I think I played the right one this time. Let's say a prophet.
The worst of these, the worst of these, the worst of all these. The worst of these. The worst of these. I think I still am dead.
The right way, not one, two, pro, tech is from ourselves. You've got to watch what you say you better or else.
You've got to stand, you've got to stand. The right way, I'm on a terrain to every boy.
I'm on my knees and I'll stay and find the meaning. I do say this, come, please, please.
I hear my order, unit, and test, that you're getting forced, languageed by the power of the enemy and our Lord God pushed the federal communication to me and my promise even is not the house.
The worst of these, they want to test it, I had the worst of these. I have the worst of I said. The worst of these, they want my civil rights and the worst of these.
145, even had to edit that bit. How do you like that? For obvious reasons.
Here's one from Oy Shmoi. It says, I love Rachel on Air America, but since she hooked up with MSNBC, she's become Keith Obernman, Jr. One Keith is okay, but two and then it says, oh, wow.
Was that in stereo? Yep. And that's a big part of the point.
Is Keith Obernman is great and she's on immediately afterward. An MSNBC never had any clue what they're doing in the first place until I put Obernman on.
And so she's like Keith, Jr. and compared to him, she pales into in significance and a lot of the same guest that he's had on a million times.
Oh boy. Don't you be knocking Rachel Maddow and her Adam's apple. Okay. I won't.
I still don't understand you fail to explain to me why it is that lesbians on television, at least the ones around in the closet like Ellen and her.
Why it is that they have to go out of their way to be is non feminine, not what that they're going out of their way to be non feminine. They're not going out of their way to be feminine.
How about just attractive would be nice. That's attractive to them. For example, for example, men as a rule don't wear makeup.
Some do, but most of us don't and would not go out of our way to pretty ourselves up. But men on television do wear makeup. They do.
It's a little bit different. And again, I tell you what it means a little bit different. Ellen and Rachel and all of these women are wearing makeup.
I know. I know you don't believe me.
It reminds me of that money Python skit about lightly killed. You know, the same same thing with the makeup light makeup.
Pete from focuses yesterday. You had listened to complain about all the public service spots. Your station runs on the internet stream. Well, I agree with them. They suck.
For the longest time I endured these tedious spots to the point I'd find myself subconsciously singing them when I heard them.
You know how ridiculous I must have sounded my coworker singing them a gruff spot and similar retarded spots.
I didn't even realize I was singing the dumb spots till I got weird looks for my work mates.
Can you believe what I go through to listen to your show? Well, after a while, I just couldn't handle another dumb spot.
So I decided to pause the internet stream and wait long enough so I could fast forward through the dumb commercials.
So for all listeners who suffered through these intolerable announcements, please take my advice. Just pause and skip. Just like Tivo.
Your show will not be live, but it's well worth it to be able to jump over all that crap in between your actual broadcast.
I hope this advice will help all your listeners who use the internet to your show and find themselves humming dumb jingles in the middle of the day. Keep up the great work, Pete from Boka.
Okay, thanks Pete.
Now, does that aggravate you or is he got a good point to the aggravated?
Well, good. We don't want to aggravate you because especially when you got that big appearance coming off Saturday.
Here's one that says from Bill, nobody'll bill.
He says there no difference in the US between Stein pronounced steen or Stein. The German word Stein is stone in English.
The proper way to pronounce goldstein is what he says.
Now tell that to Steve Goldstein who's going to be on it too. Steve Goldstein.
There is no German word steen. Some of the mistakes were made at Ellis Island by the it's hard to screen incoming immigrants who didn't know that when two vowels come together in a German word, it pronounced the second vowel as long.
Other Jews use steen to disappear into the population of some Irish names have. Steen is the last part of their name. Anyway, steen is incorrect. Just in case you're on a quiz show. Love the show enjoying for years.
No, it all bill. Thanks Bill. So it's Steve Goldstein will be on it too. Not Goldstein.
You better inform guilty it's Goldstein. Okay.
Shane for geessen.
That's the best answer to story.
There were Jews who were put down as names Shane Ferguson who came from the old country. Shane for geessen and yet it means I forgot when they asked in their name.
I know it sounds ridiculous, but you know, I'm under stress and pressure. People can forget anything like your phone number.
Shane for geessen. I forgot. So they put down Shane Ferguson. Just like Don Corleone. Vito Corleone. What was his name? Vito and Alini.
Right. Vito and Alini. They Corleone. Italy. So they put down Vito. Corleone.
What did he have here like smallpox or something? He looked, he looked ematier than not. I guess he must have eaten pretty good after he became the godfather.
Because there's a little kid. He looked really ematier like he could have used a sandwich.
Neil, I'm on the edge of my seat. I hear Castro could be dead any minute now. It says yada yada yada. Edwin, you're a crazy person. I went go away. Go away Edwin.
Be a star someplace else. Everyone you bug me. 548 votes on the poll. That's pretty damn good. If you ask me, ask me and I'll tell you.
Oh, by the way, the last break is four minutes, right? Because the last two days I got out of here at the same time I always do and back time the same way.
And then I come to find out that we had an extra spot. They were like five minute break. Surprise. No, four minutes is what I have. What do you mean? Surprise. How did that happen? I don't know.
The auto log, baby. The auto log. I just do the auto log. Auto log. My ass. Oh, let's say it says I've been mean to email you since last Friday, but I'm just getting around to it now.
Just when I thought I couldn't love your show anymore. Last Friday, you announced that you'd be picking the horses on the your Fridays for a raffle or something. No, not for a raffle. The name that Josh Cordis picks out of there gets a $50 win ticket on the horse that I pick.
And if the horse wins, he gets whatever that pay off is. I'm not sure of all the details, but I'm glad to hear you'll be implementing one of my favorite past times on your Friday shows.
I'm psyched right now. His horse racing is gearing up and I'll be getting a little dose of it every Friday. Love the show. Keep up the great work. PS F Bush and go Obama. His list set. And we second those emotions. F Bush. Bye, bye Bush and go Obama.
Boy, who in the world would want to inherit his job right now?
No, they in the middle of the depression, you got your war in the right.
A little bit of Afghanistan. The Israelis and the Arabs are starting up again killing each other. Well, I never got to this story about Israeli forces.
Share you and headquarters in Gaza white phosphorus suspected because if I read that story, oh, there you go.
Being anti-Semitic again. You do bastard like that. You know. Some of these people don't confuse them with the truth.
If the truth doesn't meet their preconceived notions, then don't confuse them with it.
Now look at that. I just punched up out with your stress and guess what happened? Nothing. A big blank page.
Is it possible that my outlook expresses on gopach, you know, something? Anything's possible, but not likely.
Not likely. Close it. No, but it back up again. No, I just did that. A big, big blank page. Wait. Progams not responding. Wait.
Close it. Wait till what? Wait, let's wait till tomorrow. What do you say? There you go. Let's wait till tomorrow and see how it works out.
That was a good point.
The biggest name. The best town.
It's you.
It's dangerous. My every town. At five six. Oh, WQ.
Once there was a sanitary who was caught indulging a habit.
A boozer on not much different life.
Yeah.
A typical meoconcun.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
I'm not going to be a fool.
