Music expressed on the previous program.
Sounds like your night is already spoken for George.
Oh yeah.
Bull night of the Hoops and...
...Panetizer's Rangency.
Pratt and the biggest names of my talents.
You're listening to sports radio 560W.
To UAM.
Miami for the Lauderdale.
What's that?
What is it?
What is this for?
What?
Punish me with this.
With W?
Yeah.
Happy and saddest.
Is it over, Duffy? He's gone.
Is it over? I saw him flying over to help after God's help.
Oh, happy day!
Now we've got to have a retrospective and kiss his butt.
Just play the opening shot off.
560W.
UAM.
Prusance.
The Neil Roger Show.
Detrocked a Neil.
Dial 56070.
560 in Dave and Broward.
In other counties.
Call toll free.
87775.
Neil.
Or serious stock 11 cents.
Anybody want it?
No.
Come on.
No.
Flying opportunity 11 cents.
His guests for his college.
I'm serial.
Not represent those of WQAM management.
No.
Or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show.
On 560WQAM.
Neil.
Yeah.
Fellow citizens.
For eight years it has been my honor to serve as your president.
What's life going to be like?
What are you going to do now?
I am confident I'll be driven to do something.
I just can't tell you what it is yet.
This January health is on the way.
Reports are there inside the bank.
Only man for the job.
George W. Bush.
Mall cop.
I know that human being and fish can coagge just peacefully.
He's always been dedicated.
It's fool me once.
Shame on you.
It's fool me.
Can't get fooled again.
Yeah.
I'm too protected.
Too many OBGYNs aren't able to practice their love with women.
The last thing they expected.
I hear this rumors on the internet.
Who is this guy?
I'm George W. Bush.
Mall cop.
And I think the world would be better off if we did leave.
If we left the world, the world is better off or does not leave.
You're an idiot.
I'm George W. Bush.
Mall cop.
I'm George W. Bush.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
I'm George W.
Oh, do they ever.
Maybe something in the audience.
That was a lot of the shadows I got and I was lucky six months in the last time I saw this and my
All this crap about the Obama bubble.
Yeah.
Obama, a bump or whatever they were calling it, we were going to see yesterday in the market
based on what?
He got elected back in November for crying out loud.
So it's no surprise he was going to get inaugurated.
Didn't sneak up on you at all, did it?
No.
But the market goes down 300 and some points.
Oh, where's the Obama bounce we were supposed to be?
That again has dumb people buying into the crap.
They peddle you on the gambling channel, including Maria B and all the other hucksters on
it.
That's all they are.
It's a bunch of hucksters peddling crap.
Oh, let's put some lipstick on this pig.
How those people aren't all in federal prison, I have no idea.
What they did to people and their incomes, people work a whole lifetime.
And then all of a sudden they wake up one day and, oh, I've been fed a bunch of crap,
you know, burning me it off with all my money.
Or the enron people made off with all my money.
Or some hucksters on the gambling channel, CNBC, sold me a pill of goods about the new economy
as opposed to the old economy.
All of a sudden a bunch of lies, they're just peddling.
Don't you understand?
Because if you people stop buying, then they're out of business.
That's all they got to sell is lies and bullcrap.
Oh, it's a buying opportunity.
A bunch of fakers is all they are.
They're a bunch of carny barkers.
Do you ever read about the old carny workers?
Hooray, hooray, hooray.
Yeah, that's right.
I'd like to take a look at the two headed side show for only 25 cents.
That kind of thing.
Oh, I don't want serious as a website.
Seriously?
I'm serious.
I want to see the, here we go, the stock report.
It was 11 cents yesterday.
I didn't check it yet this morning.
So I'm checking it now.
If it goes down to a dime, all bets are off.
Oh, it's still 11 cents.
It's hanging in there nice.
Although it's down fractionally.
In other words, it's like 10.98 or something like that.
Oh, there's swallery and boba at the morning prayer.
Well, President Clinton and now Hillary Clinton,
not just the president, Secretary of State.
I'm continuing to look at those pictures.
So sorry, Brianna.
I certainly did need to cut you off.
And the show there is so much going on today.
Would you think his dancing, my son?
Do you see any of that at the inaugural balls?
Yeah, and I don't know.
It left me kind of like a limp.
I just don't think, well, you know, we didn't elect him because he's a great dancer.
I just thought that their dancing was what I guess they're not going to be on dancing
to what the stars know.
I wouldn't think so.
Although maybe they were auditioning.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Isn't that what we're supposed to be?
The new American hobby while everybody's starving to death and nobody's got a job.
And like I said, you know, he's not going to like magically.
Although here's the information about the beginning.
And his first act is president Obama approved a memo by White House Chief of Staff.
Ram, I'm very Jewish, Emmanuel, which orders all federal agencies to freeze.
Former president Bush's pending regulations until the new administration has a chance
to review them.
On his new website, Whitehouse.gov, the president also wishes a proclamation
that January 20th 2009 is to be a national day of renewal and reconciliation.
Of course, today's the 21st.
So that that's all over with president Obama called upon all Americans to serve one
another as a way of helping remake this nation.
Here I am serving you folks.
The price is right.
Doesn't cost you a dime.
And we're giving you free entertainment such as it is four hours a day.
That thing you told me about Joe Bell makes me want to do a real big
choice right in the cheer here.
Oh, we're going to renew our effort.
You're full of crap, Joe.
You're full of crap.
You and your Yahoo sales manager from Raleigh, okay?
You're full of crap.
Why would I waste my time with that nonsense?
What you're talking?
I don't know.
You know what?
You should tell him you should just spit in his face.
Say he's not going to waste his time talking to you.
What?
Nothing.
Well, when you when you let out that breath of road that grown right?
Why don't you play along?
And then if nothing happens, then you'll, then you can say,
Hey, look, I played it along.
How many times can you play along with the same BS?
How many times fool me once can't get fooled again?
Like W just said.
Well, maybe they're serious this time.
No, serial.
Yeah, 11 cent.
I'll say just some serial.
You want some serial?
Frosted flakes.
I love them.
I could eat them out of the box.
I want some golden grams.
You know, that's funny, though.
All the bad stuff that I eat with my diabetes and everything
and my blood sugar is really, really bad.
I never go, of course, I, well, yeah,
I do go to the supermarket once in a while,
but I never dawns on me.
Thank goodness.
It never dawns on me to buy like cereal
because I can eat it right out of the box, right?
I'm not going to buy milk because I don't like milk.
I know.
I don't think that another animal's milk is designed
to be drink, you're drinking the bios.
We cheese.
What?
We cheese.
I don't know why because I like the way it tastes.
All right.
I don't like the way milk tastes at all.
It tastes like milk.
You know, crap.
There's two different things.
You don't like the way it tastes fine,
but you're eating another animal's milk.
So, OK.
OK.
But I mean, in the form that I like, at least it tastes good.
I like cheese, although it comes up your innards.
I'd ice cream.
Although I don't have any problem.
Oh, yeah, of course ice cream is another milk product
in a dairy.
What about the chocolate?
What about cacao?
What's called?
What about cacao moon?
Cacao.
Trino is where President Barack Obama is taking the first step
to closing the infamous President Guantana
Will Bay asking military prosecutors
to suspend legal proceedings for 120 days.
Military judge agreed to suspend one case immediately
this morning, and the fate of other cases
is expected to be determined pronto fast.
A military judge has agreed to Obama's request
to suspend the Gitmo War Crime's trial of Canadian Omar
Carter, who was 15 years old when he was arrested.
And the people here are really pissed off
and parked off about it, parked off and pissed off.
I don't know how that goes.
They're not happy.
So he's suspending the war crimes trial.
You got it?
He's not wasting any time.
He's getting right to it.
Going to close up Gitmo.
He's going to put a bunch of...
How do you really think he's going to...
Going to put a bunch of fagilas in the military
so they can bunk down together?
It's wrong with that.
Nothing?
Now here's one.
Here's my emails.
I got a whole bunch of them, as you would expect.
But a lot of negative ones, which I just shmit can't.
I deleted them.
I'm so tired of the...
I mean, I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative,
but I'm like positively abulliant.
Remember the abulliant guy that Jack asked?
I'm abulliant compared to most of these losers.
Oh, jeez, he's not going to be able to do this.
Well, you know what?
So the world is corrupt and the government is corrupt
and it's run by a band of thieves and gypsies.
And what are we going to do?
He's not going to like, yeah, we'll see what he can do.
At least he gives you a little bit of hope.
What more than, how can you hope for than hope?
Right?
Right.
I hope.
So I may vent...
Is the name of the person...
The handle of the person who sent me this email.
Yeah.
So I may vent.
And fake email for the occasion?
That's correct.
Aren't they all?
Yes.
Don't know if you're in today or if it's George,
but I'll be listening, at least to the opening segment.
Now, now what does that mean?
I don't know if you're going to be in today?
Well, what's today?
The day after an auguration day?
Is it a holiday?
I guess.
Please don't get me wrong by my...
You...
...accounted my previous emails.
I'm a fan.
I admit I don't listen constantly,
but I do love the smart assesms
and the way you drive a show in George's 2.
I'm driving it.
There's no way I can be sincere in a letter
and expect you to be gushy on the ear.
And I dare say I expect no return from this email.
Well, I'm reading it.
But anyways, I do listen.
I do hear it and I do enjoy.
I'm curious, this is the part that gets me.
Okay.
How many years we've been...
I've been reading the ratings on the ear on this show.
100...
...100 years.
We don't make them up.
We don't lie about them.
We don't pretend to be number-un when we're not.
We give you exactly what the numbers are.
And believe me, the last two years under Jolly Jobelle,
they have sucked big time.
They blow.
Not as bad as some other people on the ear,
like the idiots across the street most of the day,
but nevertheless, I'm curious on the true stats
and the true ratings for the show.
Every GD station in town says their number-one,
God, I hate Bushmen and the fans.
Well, we don't Bushmen anybody
about ratings on this show.
We're number-four.
That's right.
We're number-four, we're proud of it.
We had a 4.6 share in men 2554,
which is not all that bad, considering.
Relatively.
Not all that great, considering we used to do double-lad,
but considering the idiots that we work for,
and considering some of the stuff they put on around us,
oh my God, I don't want to mention...
Rock solid.
That's bad with that 1.1.
I don't want to mention that 9 to 10 hour at night with a point.
And would I make that up?
Who would make that up?
Right.
If I wanted to, I couldn't make that up.
The idea that this radio station is once great,
prominent AM station could have a point before midnight,
before anybody was like even in bed, 9 o'clock at night.
And once upon a time, I'm old enough to remember it,
and I was a part of it, once upon a time at night,
on WS News and WYNZ, night time 8 to midnight
was primo-dlistening time.
Yeah, so the demos were old, but we had gigantic numbers.
10 and 11 shares, which doesn't sound like a point to me,
but nevertheless, no way in this joint,
they wouldn't be able to sell it anyway.
If they had a 20-year...
Oh, well nobody's listening at night and I'm...
You know, you wouldn't want to buy any spots, would you?
I was speaking of taco smell.
Well, I'll get to this story.
Man accused of a less-ting boy at Plant City Taco smell.
Okay.
One of these days, before January ends,
I vow to have a meal at Taco smell.
I love it.
And Mr. Yesterday, did you go?
No, no.
It was 20 tacos for...what was it?
Like, I don't know, 10 cent tacos, 27, I don't know where it was.
But I missed out.
Wow.
I missed out.
No, one guy, he just shoveled him down.
Shove him down is good.
Have any of it a plunger in?
Was this shoving him down there?
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
What were rusting and what right up to my knees?
Oh, I was in the sky of the...
You fell.
Now I'm in a superee.
What?
What were stored and freezing my toes?
A bag of blue diamond nuts is floating by my nose.
Under me, the Hudson I could see.
A rocking porch with both his feet.
In a bucket of concrete.
Rock solid.
You're lucky for me.
I think take a stroll along the wings.
Thanks to a flock of stupid bees.
That means the water rush gears.
Cools Russian.
I remember Rick Nelson had a recording of that, among many others.
Yep.
Remember that in Fouls Russian?
Oh well.
No, not you at it?
I got it all, man.
And if I don't got it, I'll get it.
You'll make it up.
You'll sing it.
Guess why I have an email from here?
Remember.
No.
Worst than that.
Somebody who claims she's going to be starting on this station in February.
Oh, the phony I need to mark?
This isn't the phony I need to mark.
This is the real I need to mark the spot.
Rick Nelson, he's still dead by the way.
That's what he meant.
Really?
No, it's Rick Nelson by this time.
Was it Rickie on his recorder?
Yes.
Oh, I have no idea.
I'm not a ghost.
63?
Yes.
There you go.
Good guess.
I'll take it.
Hi, Neil.
While my guys couldn't quite pull it off in Pittsburgh, they stunk.
Looks like it's time to trade in my purple and black for Aqua in Orange.
I'll be wrapping up my duties for 1300 AM in Baltimore during Super Bowl week on January 30th.
Unlike most in our business, I'll get a chance to say goodbye to all my faithful listeners
as I turn the page on this chapter of my career.
It's time to look forward to my new home on WQA.
When I start in February, I sure won't miss the winner in both Mr. Bell and Mr. Darrow.
Mr. Darrow.
Oh my God.
What a putz.
Have assured me that the station is going to run a tremendous promotional campaign to support my move to Miami.
I just can't thank them enough for the opportunity to join the premier sports talk station in America.
Boy, you talk about living in the past.
Certainly, hope there's enough room for two queens on WQA.
So I guess they're going to stick Orlando on at night.
They're going to blow out the amp putter in two to four.
Another failure.
Now that I'm able to narrow down my starting date, I'm able to focus on my support team.
Can you pass along my email address to that QD Pie Chris Whalen?
Oh, I didn't know that Anita was a vision challenged.
I need a right hand man I can trust.
I'm sure he can produce for me if you know what I mean, wink.
I really need to get a hold of him so we can get together.
Anyway, time to get going and start packing boxes.
Thanks for being so supportive Anita marks.
Oh my God.
He's really coming by the way.
All right.
Great.
I think what I just gave you it's just a guess, but I think that you know based on a little bit of information we had from Barry Jackass, real or imaginary the other day.
Mm hmm.
About how they're moving a big old tonight's and they're blowing out D.A.
Well, B.D.A. has got a point.
Oh, oh, he's got some really astonishing numbers there at night.
Then what will they be doing from two to four?
Anita marks.
Anita marks.
What might I want to hear my psychic prediction?
Go ahead.
It's going to suck and it's going to fail.
Well, that's because Joe likes it.
Joe and clearance like it so it's going to suck and it's going to fail.
Everything we put on from two to four has been just a...
In fact, everything Jolly Jo is put on has been a disaster.
Everything he's put on the year has been a mitigated disaster.
Jerks, Kenny and Blow and at Horrible Morning Show.
D.A. at night with a point at nine o'clock.
And not much else around it.
I mean, you can only blame lead ins and follow ups and, you know, so long.
And when you can't even break a chair, you're not...
You're not attracted much of an audience.
Even when you can't hear the signal four blocks away.
Well, that's a good thing they don't care about ratings.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
They don't care about ratings.
They care about football.
The smell.
The smell of jock straps.
That's what permeates the building.
If you walked in there, man, the sweaty, smelly uniforms and jock straps.
They're hung up on...
Yeah.
I thought it was illegal to hang laundry out on the line, but they have it all over the building.
They hang it on their faces.
No, yeah, on their push.
Here's the pull from yesterday.
952 votes.
If I hit the power ball, the first thing I would do besides quit my job is, and by the way,
you won't hit the power ball.
But anyway, if you did, travel around the world 230.
That was my vote.
A lot of traveling.
I'm a traveling man.
There's Rick Nelson again, see?
On Imperial Records.
We'll take a little effect all day.
What?
We'll have all Rick Nelson all day.
Okay, go ahead.
Invested wisely, 166.
Make a list of all the friends and family I want to give money to, 159.
I'm already doing that.
Leaves South Florida 135.
Already done that.
Oh, thank God.
Get a divorce and bang only young chicks, 101.
Buy a big bag of the good stuff, 75.
Traveling, man, this was the first video, music video, and history.
I'm a traveling man.
Did you know that?
I fully heard it.
Yes.
The genius of Ozzy knows.
All over the world.
I'll tell you one thing.
He had to be a genius because anybody that could take a family as boring as the Nelson's
and make a lot of money off that show.
I mean, God, were they boring?
Oh.
Boring.
Ozzy and Harriet never saw it.
Boring.
And even the next door neighbor, Thornie, he was boring.
Wonder if Thornie was horny.
Run Jimmy Cifalos out at an appointment.
Send George a big check to quit the show 28.
He wouldn't quit the show.
You sent him 10 million.
He'd still be here tomorrow.
That's right.
Yeah.
Get triad.
Triad.
Send him a bunch of money and see if he shows up.
Put it to the test.
Run Jimmy Cifalidic out of town 18.
Boy, his number sure were pretty weak.
Mediocre.
Check in on expensive rehab 16.
Go to the track and plunge my guts out 12.
And become immersed in my favorite charities only 12.
My whole life is a charity.
Maybe I need to stop doing that.
Maybe I should just take off after the show today
and never be seen again.
I could do that, you know.
Well, you don't have to resort to that.
Well, what's the alternative?
Just stop cutting checks.
Cutting checks for home.
Everybody.
Greenfield, California.
Felicia for rest of the Greenfield man
allegedly arranging to sell his 14 year old daughter into marriage
in exchange for 16 grand 100 cases of beer and several cases of meat.
Police said they only learned of the deal after the 36 year old man went to them
to get his daughter back because payment wasn't made as promised.
The man was arrested Sunday on suspicion of human trafficking.
He went to the police.
What a moron.
Officers also arrested 18 year old man on suspicion of statutory rape.
The girls 14 years old.
Now this is like an India, right?
With a dowry and all that crap?
I guess, yeah.
Investigators believe the girl went willingly with the man,
but she's under California's legal age, a consent, and can't legally marry.
Police say arranged marriages involving underage girls have begun a problem.
The small central coast farming community, Greenfield, California.
So there you go, George.
Somebody going to send you all that money and go marry some young chick.
Some hot, young thing.
No, thanks. I'm not looking for extra wives.
For what?
Extra wives.
Why don't we marry, but I mean, you know, in a general sense.
No, thank you. Not for me.
In a familial sense.
That's not my bag, baby.
Oh, getting back to that plant city taco smell.
A 22 year old man was arrested yesterday afternoon accused of molesting a four year old boy in the restroom
of a plant city taco bell, according to a criminal arrest affidavit.
Wow.
Ryan Wetzel-Lauri, a plant city was charged with ludenal civil sex with a child,
ludenal civil molestation of a child in false imprisonment.
Lauri's accused of following the boy into the men's restroom of the taco smell at 2442 James L. Redmond Parkway.
Plant city police say Lauri pulled the boy into a handicap, Stalin molested him.
Four year old boy.
According to the affidavit, the boy's grandfather walked into the restroom, witnessed the incident called a police.
Sick.
Really, really, really.
Sick.
I wonder if Brian is a...
Jones had to become a priest, you think?
I was just going to say.
Yeah.
Then he can legally alter boys.
I was the poor for today, come and have a look at that.
All that poll talk.
There you go with the numbers again.
He's mailing it in.
Pull, pull, pull.
I'll ask you.
I can do it like you did.
Oh, like that one.
You're my bitch or whatever that idiot said.
That's it.
Which most closely fits your bathroom hygiene.
This is Charlie B. He was a real sicko.
464 votes so far.
Drop a Joyce wash hands always 277.
Of course.
Drop a Joyce wash hands sometime, 127.
Wash hands.
Drop a Joyce wash hands again, 33.
Why do you have to wash your hands before you drop a Joyce?
You never know.
Drop a Joyce.
Never wash hands.
22 real slabs.
Can you imagine what they smell like?
No, thank you.
Wash hands. Drop a Joyce and don't wash hands.
Five.
I see out of 464 votes.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
You step aside and all you hear is coughing and sneezes.
Your nose can even run because when it starts it just frees.
It's spreading on your face like you've been sprayed with lace.
You take up all your layers inside but the cold lakers.
You feel an icy tingling your toes and your fingers.
And you just want to cry.
Your pros and cons.
Because it is so damn cold.
You can't unfold your hands up.
Told it turns off your sweat glands.
It sounds not strong.
Enough to warn yourself that's how it goes.
Winter blows.
Your coat is so gigantic you cannot feel a tick.
Go, you're walking down the street just like a human.
I say, though you're a freaking store, no learn.
It's not working like it sure.
Because it is so damn cold.
You can't unfold your hands up.
Told it turns off your sweat glands.
The sun's not strong enough to warn yourself that's how it goes.
Winter blows.
You feel like you've been subvying this warm of killer bees.
Because the cold makes your clothes feel like they made a twist.
Cheese, this nothing you can do.
Your lips just turn blue.
You know I just noticed that I thought it was me.
I thought maybe my hearing was going one of the channels is missing from that bit.
Really?
It's like in mono.
I don't mean it's like in mono.
They're all in mono.
You know what I mean?
Because one of the VUs is just barely who knows.
It's Todd Pettenkiel.
So what are you sure?
Nothing.
The fake Alice Rantel who's absolutely the worst of all the fakeers.
You know what is?
I'm sure it's Mr. Radio.
Always asking me a bunch of stupid inside radio crap.
Here's one of them from today which I won't read the other ones.
Hi Neil, I heard you mentioned Alan Birk has today.
Were you friendly with him off the air?
Al.
No I was not friendly with him off the air.
I met him once in my life I do believe.
And that's when they were interviewing me to replace him at INZ.
It's kind of awkward.
Or is I friendly with him off the air?
Oh God.
This is the motto of South Florida.
I have no life.
Oh my goodness.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I'm just playing that for four hours every day.
I have no life.
I'm telling you.
I have no life.
That's the new format.
I'm smelling you right now.
I have no life.
The only people I was friendly with off there that I ever worked with in radio was Bill
Calder and Stan Major.
Bill Calder, okay DC's and Stan Major might as well be as far as the business is concerned.
Remember we heard from Stan a couple weeks ago when we got Stan Major intensive and I
fake Johnny Dork and this fake one and that fake one all.
Oh you got to have Stan on the air.
Yeah.
You know that most of this crap is coming from across the street.
Anything they can do to cut it.
That's right.
That's right.
Anything they can do to try to sabotage the show.
Oh we're going to plant the seeds of doubt in the old man's mind.
We're going to make them think he's really lost it.
Yeah, screw you.
Screw you wannabes.
Why?
And of course the only reason that these people here care about them across the street is because
it spars.
Spars.
Because they're talking the same turd burger garbage that you hear on this station all.
I mean you know Orlando at the senior bowl two to four this afternoon that you get a big
number starting with a.
Oh hurricane let's see mad dog four to seven hurricane's warm up seven to seven thirty
canes and FSU basketball seven thirty that you get a gigantic list of audience and then
after the game the D.A. show with its point share.
I'll tell you jolly joey you may not be good but you sure are consistent and George little
George he had his thumb in it.
Oh hey how you doing?
Like you said if jolly joe and clearance like it it's going to suck and it's going to
fail.
Like this and eat a mark show two to four that's coming next month or whenever the
house she's going to be on maybe she'll be on ten to two.
Just keep the checks coming joe she can have it.
Millions of cubicle dwellers across the country help set records for internet traffic yesterday
as they watched online video of the inauguration ceremonies or at least tried to the overwhelming
demand that some websites and data networks had trouble keeping up.
Between eleven thirty in the morning and twelve thirty in the PM accessing websites which
carried the swearing in and speech was difficult if not impossible depending on your connection.
CNN dot com's inauguration broadcast was a watershed event wrote Richard Greenfield
an analyst with Pally Capitol.
Pally.
Hey Pally.
And then it's got a bunch of links here.
Newspaper covers from around the world and yada yada yada.
People push his print deadline and again out special inaugural double issue.
Well good for people magazine.
Good to come and drop for them right.
Yep.
Here's one that's going to make you well it's not surprising especially with the people
that we deal with every day.
Last night while browsing msnbc dot com that were displaying comments written by people
on the main page regarding the oh and by the let me interrupt this I've got one here
about them.
Oh my god it's in here somewhere.
Not probably somewhere about the what's your name Rachel Mato and the reason that here
it is.
I'll get back to this other one in a second.
The problem I bookmarked it.
The reason why you did not hear the inauguration audience singing to Bush Nana hey hey good
bias because you weren't tuned in NBC msnbc during the presidential inauguration well guess
what.
If I wasn't turned in msnbc then how come we had Keith Oberman's voice on there his
dulcet tones during most of the coverage we carry.
Right right we had a little bit of Wolf Blitzkrieg earlier in Anderson's pooper but I got really
tired of that we turned over to msnbc very early on.
You were not tuned to msnbc that's alive be it because of your loads in this disposition
of Rachel Mato or whatever your part you pardon but you missed what the audience said to
his face how be it twice and you ought to see the the address the email address this person
I can't use the words on here but nevertheless Brent and then a few other other made up for
the occasion email no these are words having to do with the male genitalia I see.
While watching the presidential inauguration of our new president Barack Obama in msnbc
I got to say it did you notice Nana hey hey goodbye being sung by the crowd of people
in George W Bush now once but twice yes well this wasn't the first time this goes on
Bapapapipat then second time people saying the song when he took off in the chopper it just
goes to show you that he will not be missed unless like governor Pialeine refuses to go away
he will not be missed that's a bulletin from this genius this rocket science just an idiot
as so anyway speaking of Rachel Mato the reason I read that yes is I watched the over
in last night and their coverage of the what happened earlier in the day and then she
comes on as usual at nine o'clock and I finally figured out who she is okay first of all
she's a guy okay secondly I'll give you a clue who she is she's guilty she is the guy
oh she's a guy I'm telling you she's got a voice that's squeaky she's got to wait deeper
voice than he does really well she's got a much bigger Adam's apple too yeah see she's
guilty probably not a bigger she is a man last night while browsing msnbc.com it says there
were displaying comments written by people on the main page regarding the presidential
inauguration when I saw something that almost made me fall over my chair and is a perfect
example what tells wrong with our country somebody actually wrote I understand it's a presidential
inauguration but enough with the pompous celebrations it's a little much it's not like
the super bowl or anything didn't know what to think just unbelievably just just made
an appalled emailer that's great I mean it's not the super bowl or anything important like
that the sports nerds of the world the sickest the most twisted the most pathetic the most dangerous
dangerous the best sports car is dangerous hour from bokeh
you're very joys days I've done absolutely joys days I've done
the martial is his son the show just ain't no fun so what does care I think Joey is gonna
do it's not a smile we can get and now we're crying out in pain
the ratings they reflected no way to read the record he's got a crawl away
hey joys got a gun joys got a gun Neil can't help this one
no baby joys are done what is it gonna do it's ready joys are through
you're trying to smile we can get and now we're crying out in pain the ratings they're
flexing no way to read the record he's got a crawl away
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
I am that him right 1045 at 560 wq a and the reason I play that is I got an email about
your friend joy oh my buddy Whitney says no George says I don't know why I don't know
I'm trying to figure out why the names at the bottom of some of these are different from
the email addressed the nevertheless they forget to fake both of them sometimes oh
high knee I've been listening since the old wk 18 days is George I moved down to Ilamor
out on the photo keys pure paradise I should have done eight years ago at night I can only
get one a.m. radio station from about one to five a.m. the only person on his year old
buddy joy Reynolds he's still trapped to listen to he has a bunch of old old old C rated
celebrities soupy sales was on a wiki only sounded dead he's still using those awful
jingles that mentioned his name over and over again he has some ones that are worse than
the ones used to play the only answer PSA says George
okay sad sad part of it is that he's still on the anywhere I wonder if he's still doing
that fresh new comedy I'm sure he kept threatening to fresh now fresh new comedy
it's a fresh gas what a jerk very good dead people browns legend Danny LaVelle 85 passes
away great receiver of the great browns in the 40s and 50s and here's a picture of daddy
standing next to his plaque outside brown stadium in 2002 he passed away at 85 yes
chered at day one of the greatest receivers the browns ever had a member of the original
browns in 46 LaVelle was a vital figure on Cleveland club that formed a dynasty in the
first ten years of its existence winning three NFL championships in the 50s and four
all American football conference crowns in the 40s LaVelle who was inducted in the Hall
of Famine 75 teamed up with quarterback Otto Graham receiver Max Speedy fullback Marion
Motley and kicker Lou Grozen an attack that revolutionized football offenses LaVelle died
at fairview hospital after a long illness he'd been hospitalized recently with congestive
heart failure and been treated for bladder and kidney infection in other words not good
not good and of course on my god pages and pages and pages wow this is amazing Bob Neal
Lee Brown's radio voice in the 40s nickname LaVelle glue fingers after watching him make
a series about standing canches Bob Neal not the one from Atlanta from Cox Broadcasting
not that little magic guess who else died nope you're wrong all right well because you
never heard of this person right so no matter who you would say it would probably be
wrong probably some old person right 77 AB 77 huh AB is good then Clint Valor Jr. who
pops songwriter had number one hits and his death gives me the Smith Clint Valor Jr.
a pop songwriter who crafted the number one hits you're no good for Linda Ron sat in
75 and Game of Love a decade earlier his daddy was 77 the game of love who did that the
um it's on like a light blue label that's that's uh that's uh that's you're no good that's
Linda right I love Linda Ron sat there's another shit I like a lot hey too love
it game of love the mind vendors is that right right that's part of it something something
and the something something in the mind vendors yeah guys name oh come on now Clint
Valor Jr. in the mind of the perfect talk up and you smashed you swathe Wayne Fontanon
I still got it I'd like to get rid of it but I still got it okay that's enough Valor
who's healthy curated after he had a stroke in 2006 died December 23rd his home in Denton
Texas as a friend Jacqueline Martinez although we often work with a partner the Texas native
wrote you're no good alone the song had already been recorded by R&B oh and by the way
they showed again last night you're either a singer in my country to be all night long
yet and she um whatever I don't like the way she split that word up you know and if anybody
else would have done that they would have said it was pornographic and find her a billion
dollars but not you read her she's the queen the song had already been recorded by R&B
singers D.D. Warwick and Betty Everett when Ron said including the heart like a wheel
album that marked her emergence as a bona fide star you're no good for the British group
Wayne Fontanon the mind vendors valid wrote the game of love their version was featured
in the 87 Robert Williams film Good Morning Vietnam wow and it goes on after discovering
the harmony duo the Kaelin twins in Washington DC in 57 well that's nothing I'd be proud
of they're on that video with Bowser you know on that to add the time life thing oh my
God they were so grotesque I mean so ugly I mean there's nothing wrong with being ugly
I know about it but God they were extra ugly in 57 Ballard became the Kaelin twins
managing wrote their first single the cheerful jump in Jack never heard of that then to
a three months later they recorded their one hit when written by Ballard's friend Paul Evans
and Jack Reardon Mitch Miller and his orchestra recorded Ballard's
hey little baby on the B side of March from the River Quai oh yeah and Columbia records
though let's Mitch Miller I hated him he's from Rochester with a little beard that goofy
little beard you know Mitch Miller remember him you do I sure do you still have to play
his crap on the radio back in the day oh my God Mitch Miller and the way he used to
conduct the orchestra like you know with I can't can't do it on the radio you know what
I mean go ahead I can see like that oh yeah that's it see it's amazing that I'm not even
doing anything in 60 Jimmy Jones reached number three on the Billboard charts with a playful
song that Ballard co-wrote called Good Time and that included the lyrics who in the world
would have ever known what Columbus could do if Queen Isabella had an Hector Jules
in 1492 but she had time and that it at it at it at it time and however that goes you know
it's good so writing for the close harmonies of the Holley's Ballard came up with I'm
alive for the British pop group and became a number one single overseas he also wrote
the nonsensical gingerbread for Frankie Avalon with others he wrote Rick Nelson's there's
not a minute and the zombies got to get a hold of myself gingerbread by Frankie Avalon
here's time and that's good and Jimmy Jones
here comes that's Gildi I'm telling you
the Aldi and Rachel Maddow same person I discovered it myself last night watching on and as
soon as she came on after about two minutes I turned over to something else in the late
70s Ballard moved to Dallas later settled in Denton where he became a real estate investor
had no immediate survivors and now he's dead at 77 Clint Ballard Jr. I wonder if he's
related to Clint Hodgins or Clint Galbrae you think?
maybe
now here's a bizarre really bizarre this came at 1022 last night
Neil usually listened to 560 am in the afternoon I could not tell was that you that said
Michelle Obama looked beautiful and Laura Bush like trailer trash yes also was that you
that said somebody should push Dick Cheney's wheelchair down the stairs yes just curious
sign David Scott just curious maybe he's yes what maybe he's monitoring David is monitoring
well too bad yes I proudly confess to both and I second my emotions okay
rich in Orlando proud atheist said the high point of my inaugural night was an interview with
former heavyweight champion Evander Holymoly Field the champ looking darker than Larry Hagueman's
liver was asked about Obama's key to success he responded prayer that's great here's a guy
who made $20 million of fighting a still boxing at 46 because he has to pay child support for his
gazillion out of wedlock kids I guess he prayed for sex and his prayers were answered if I were
holy molyfield I would have been praying for periods of course God Jesus gets credit for all the good
and bears no responsibility for the bad says rich in Orlando proud atheist you go rich you heathen
bastard I was speaking of a really good old time religion too too much religion if I had one
criticism we rest today's festivities too much God crap yeah had a schlep out that
fake or Rick war in there for the invocation and then we had a bunch of a religious poem and all
this other crap freaking poems and how many times during the speech did Obama mentioned God
oh no not 30 30 thousand 30 thousand times God this on look where they are now
the national national prayer service do we choose I'm not on the fast that placate our hunkered
down soul or the fast that reaches out to our brother a bunch of get you our sister
and time for those old guys with the red be in the red dress the leaders of this nation all of you
we need you to be guided by the council that Isaiah gave so long ago to work for the common good
for the public happiness the well being of the nation and the world knowing that our individual
well being the thing there are people dying in the world now who shouldn't be dying at all while
they're wasting their time with this crap yes maybe that should be if we we ever get a present
who really really has it he would say the first thing we're going to do is give all this religious
crap with government it's a practice your own baby PBG be go ahead
although I give him credit for at least acknowledging that people with no religion
you know have got a right to be alive in this country as opposed to George Herbert Walker
who said that atheists have no right to be Americans
and isn't it something when when crooks like George elect the whole bush family start
giving people lectures about religion and being good and all this other crap oh Alice
Randell is just out of control I'm not mr. Radio or the guy with the eyes or I'm your friend
or this is Eddie this is the real Alice oh god it would be a good idea to bring Stan majoring
but what do I know Alice yes the real Alice Randell oh and he said he and he said to Radio
expert that he sent me the email three times the real Alice Randell you should live so long
oh here's one it's the Daily Neo-Roger's Massage in the show we hate Rachel Joyce Anita
if they don't have a shlong we hate them yeah like uh what's your name Michelle Obama
Michelle Obama and uh what's your name you're no good Linda Ronstadt Linda Ronstadt
that's right I hate women just just make up whatever crap you want to and just believe it okay
and run out run to the window and yell it out loud Neo-Roger's hates all women bubble yeah go ahead
by the way here's another one's above I had someone on a show who knew Overman personally
who said anyone who ever came into contact with Overman despises him much like you no surprise you
like him no I don't like him I like his show I don't know him so how can I like him
here's one from the fake joy rentals you used to be such a nice boy but now you're so terrible
we all get old Neo you're not a spring chicken my comedy's been fresh for 40 years yeah you should
live so long Joey god what an old purge this is the Neo-Roger's show you you you you you you
fairy this is your brain what what what what what what solid any question this is I with this new
hate days before leaving office president Bush gave a final news conference how come they didn't
connect the dots to connect the dots and all of a sudden people were saying how come you're
connecting the dots president Bush could I ask you a question John my response is
what are you talking about it's a second part of your two part question huh that was three
questions no that that was only one question yes four or five questions as hard for me to remember
every question what kind of drugs are you on that's interesting question do I have to answer
now you notice how one channel is like dropping out and then then maybe it's just a disc maybe
or maybe not be like a wire fell out you know in the back of the board somewhere a wire fell
out in the back of the board something who knows start jiggling stuff oh yeah
let me try playing that again
this is like with this new thing eight days before leaving office
right you can't find out how come they didn't connect the dots to connect the dots and all the
sudden people were saying how come you're connecting the double engineer president Bush
oh what a lunatic well at least it's not in the board because well maybe it's in that pot right
think it's in the pot smoke a little and see you you know see if you can find out what's in the
that was up seven points there's the Obama bounce oh yeah well look at all these uh
schmata heads they're in India and in Afghanistan and Pakistan you are in the sea and now there's
the anti-Christ right there is that Tony Harris idiot that skinhead on CNN he needs to be taken away
you need to come in and drag him off the set so speaking about that good old time religion which
we were before the break yes the Roman Catholic Church has once again revealed how in touch it is
with modern times by calling for a ban on Facebook like social networking sites
the Italian Episcopal Conference land social networks and after opening a site of its own
apparently the fear is that people who use social networking sites will turn into individuals
who start to think for themselves archbishop palm pili hit out about what he called
networked individualism which he said creates people who terminate links with the surrounding
area we guess the archbishop thinks that the only people who are supposed to live in such unhealthy
isolation and live in the world but uh not of it are monks and nuns he warned that the relationships
formed online were not real well not as real as in well I guess he must be listening to this show
the fake this one and the fake that one well not as real in the same way as such important things
like invisible gods angels virgin birds and papal infallibility now that be real
Facebook and it's it'll create an online ego centrist and are responsible for drying up
of relationships he said although asking a celibate priest about relationships is like asking
of vegan about the best type of meat feast pizza to buy vegan can we say vegetarian it's different
it is yeah oh there are different levels you know oh I said dumb dumb or in dumbest
the chairman of the um the titan in a physical conference bishop mariano
kosiatta said that the internet varies between elation and mistrust and it's time to find a middle
way he didn't say what the middle way was however banging on the evils of the facebook does not
strike us especially um balanced all this is ironic when the church is released its own Vatican
social networking site which is designed to stick its priests a little closer to the faithful
if the church fears people would become individuals by using social networking sites then surely
it is sending its own faithful to hell and sticking demons on its friends list how do you like that
and end the secular social network on audio people on my space and your face and Facebook and
all this other no more oh and guess what what a Catholic priest has been removed from the
ministry over an allegation essentially abused a child while serving at a Newark church in 1985
i thought it would be cute to have those two stories right together the side by each as to us
for that that's look at that what about
i'm all the way down to uh marry sure and why god does not belong to the inauguration and then i got
that uh thing about that ice cream so that means we write it's only 11 o'clock 11 o'clock
five we run we've run uh out of emails oh my god i'm gonna have to do it for three hours
i have no life i have no life i have no life i have no life i have no life i have no life i have no life
a Catholic priest has been removed from the ministry if father Fredrick Lloyd was removed from
active ministry after officials of the Roman Catholic diocese of Columbus investigated
complaint and found the abuse allegation was credible the sexual abuse allegedly occurred where
Lloyd served at St. Francis DeSales church in Newark where he was the associate pastor from 83 to 87
the church announced bishop Fredrick F Campbell removed Lloyd from ministry december 10 the church
is studying options to permanently remove him since its preliminary conclusion is not proof of guilt
the release said the church's news release said the complaint was the first specific allegation
of this nature it received about Lloyd 64 who retired from active ministry in 2006 he had been
appreased in the Columbus diocese since 1970 a message he can comment from Lloyd was left at
his Columbus home but obviously not returned church officials said they notified Newark police
of the alleged abuse however sergeant Barry Connell said officers never investigated because the age
of the case precludes prosecution of a higher law requires most felony charges be filed within six
years of the offense yeah leave the social networking sites to the priests to fathers O'Toole okay
so they can get together with some hot young boys
alter boys that's right you like gladiator movies what how's that how's it going
well here's George he's going to give you some intellectual crap the next three hours oh yeah
528 votes on the pool oh here's Barry Jackass
says I'm trying to get to the bottom of this Anita Marks thing joebell is not returning my calls
you may find this photo interesting check out the background
and it's a NFL some kind of a shindig and way off to the side 560 WQM our QM banner
and then there's an attachment here which I don't want the attachment the attachment is
going to be a bigger version of the same picture isn't it I guess no it's no it's just
big big screen just the same small picture only smaller well I really is very helpful Barry you jackass
and why and why is mama be sending me a picture of misdrudge with a little dog
I give up some other some other queen with misdrudge I don't know I have no idea
the Catholic priest says Glenn are just as gruddle since my space in Facebook started
reporting pedophiles lurking on their sites yeah that must be it maybe they're a little
peyote about that kneel at neorodges.com that's where to send your emails and we need about 10,000
them to get to two o'clock today otherwise we're just playing I have no life I have no life
my god Joey Reynolds see this is this is the day after the inauguration how to see how
everything is going to like fall in silent now yep they had the inaugural balls last night both of them
they had 10 balls I guess you'd be pretty busy if you had 10 balls I imagine juggling especially
oh they're confirming the cabinet in congress or not it was a leader when it came to calling for
financial regulatory reform and this is really someone who was cut out exactly for this yeah well
cut it out Mary Shaw's got a good calm on this murking chimp by the way please somebody send them some
money so they stop begging for money every day my god wouldn't it be something if we went on a
year every day and begged for money keep the show going send us some money or else let's try it
good enough for a pbs and all the girls go by the way last Saturday you never were a toad
surprisingly good considering that it was 10 in the morning really about half a dozen people showed
up but they were really nice people surprisingly good that is surprisingly good all things
considered and they brought gifts I got a nice calendar I got some videos I got to send you one
as a matter of fact send me what Liz gave me a copy of flipper the movie oh you were also going
to send me all that stuff from Joyce to but nobody ever put anything in the pouch oh that yeah
yeah oh that oh that yeah all that very important stuff that I'm supposed to read and what
important it's a bunch of crap you'll get it eventually it's a bunch of proper improper
propaganda from Joyce and the other Nazis who run this company we got the Nazis out of Washington
now let's get them out of Naples 532 votes on the pool this is I think I'm going to change it
drop a Joyce I mean well what kind of crap is that well I know what kind of crap
haha oh don't be giving me those Joey Reynolds rim shots what a jackass
what are you laughing about it's no laughing matter you're right about that oh yeah the
up this next pool isn't so bad I think it's one from a raid D who's driving me nuts lately just
out of control when listening to the near-roger show whose opinions and observations you agree with
most often Niels George's the board ops which we don't have one anymore but I guess in the past
and intelligent caller like I'm your friend a random emailer fake celebrity and no one I don't
listen to the show participate in polls why would I really have my own opinion most what we're
getting desperate now aren't we you don't like that pool no let's raid D sorry Ray you know I can do
all I like him fine it's just it's just like he told me and I don't know him and I already say that
the rumor is that he's a real bastard and that he was pushing for I'm just to get canned for a long
time I don't care but that's personal his show he's he's been the one bright light on the year
on masking the Nazis for the last couple of years he's the one he beat a one that's right
and Rachel she's just a Keith wannabe she's a guy in Tony
you
which most closely fits your bathroom hygiene we close this turkey out 532 votes Charlie B
get something a little a little more a sanitary going god drop a joist wash hands always 321
drop a joist wash hands sometimes 145 wash hands then drop a joist then wash hands again 36
drop a joist never wash hands 24 slabs oh I can smell them now wash hands drop a joist and then
don't wash hands afterwards 6 which makes the whole thing pointless in the first biggest name
the best talent you know is you know Roger 4356 QAM the 4th lead new good live breaking you
want to take you back out live to Washington that were Hillary Clinton is having her
confirmation hearing let's listen in for a bit we need a good shot I was having a little fun
hard to find time but occasionally you can sneak that in she is expected to be confirmed
uh great New Year's Eve party there are questions about it my stomach stomach is a not
oh stay with us we'll be right back okay 1117 at 560 wqam here's a vegan versus vegetarian
email coming along all right sure is going to be really here is one from chronic rocky did
fn a Jorge go to five guys or what oh that's right that was supposed to be your Simon for the weekend
no I did not please tell me you saw a George voice senior pat the ass of that marine as he came out
of the tunnel before he was seated at the inauguration oh I got to block this guy this guy is
Ernie Banks you know no I don't know well yeah you do just another chronic emailer who never has
anything nothing nothing just a bunch of s'marm just a bunch of smegma on a piece of paper
Tim says in general vegans eat no animal produced food no meat no eggs no cheese butter
whereas a vegetarian would eat any animal product that harms the animal milk eggs cheese butter
all okay but steak is out of the question what you believe that what do you mean believe it
there are different shades they're just vegetarians and vegans there's all kinds of things in
between really yeah I know one of the things in between uh-huh theta um-hmm
fanatics sure well whatever whatever you say there there are people that don't eat that are
vegetarians where they only won't eat beef but they'll eat uh chicken and fish and there are
quote-unquote vegetarians that will eat well yes what the chicken and the fish I got feeling so I know
I know I know there were vegetarians quote-unquote vegetarians they call themselves that they will only
eat eggs and dairy but not any other not and then you know you know what that sounds like to me it
sounds like religion it's very a lot of it is very very uh it's it's the same way their mentality
Wesley in uh Lakelands got something fairly informative fairly interesting and depressing
after 25 years with clear channel radio Gabe Hobbs status in his industry pioneer was solid
it was rock solid now to notice rock solid is our guy between one and two who's got a 1.1 share
he discovered Fox News Channel star Glenn Beck when he was spending top 40 cuts in New Haven
Connecticut he created sports talk powerhouse WDAEM and developed WFLZ FM's classic power
peak format which has to stay to prominence in the early 90s by the way how is that what's his
name do on Bubba get no spy reports on him at all Bubba to love sponge oh now that yes maybe you'll
get something but when the company hit 1850 positions Tuesday they cut 1850 positions yesterday
at nearly 9% of its reduction some are calling the inauguration day massacre even Hobbs found he
wasn't exempt see they did this on inauguration day so it's to get as little publicity about it
as possible right but thanks to West in Lakeland we got we got the straight dope first
Barry Jackaz with all his load on this huh you're a slip and bad Barry mr. radio expert
still he remained loyal to the company he's defended for years despite criticisms that layoff
seemed the time to ensure the news would be drowned out by coverage of the historic presidential
inauguration you pour 25 years of your life into something it's like a marriage you just can't say
I hate you said Hobbs 52 will begin working at a corporate ancestor a clear channel republic
a republic in 1984 coming to Tampa 88 officials a chief channel radio declined to comment on the
firings or named those who lost their jobs giving journalists an internal memo sent by chief executive
Mark maize to employees mark maize the maize family and don't include willian at bunch either industry
website such as radio and records dot com collected unofficial list of those affected including
joey joey b bellardita executive producer of tod schmitz morning show on wfl zfm
bellardita's a 20 year veteran and shrugged off criticism about the layoff timing when is a good
day for somebody to lose their jobs had bellardita 42 yeah sure it's never a good day
Hobbs had a towering list of duties at clear channel senior VP of programming for news talk
in sports nationwide off-smanager for wfla wda and whnz am and caretaker the company's
relationships with area sports franchises all know possibly the highest ranking executive
affected by the layoff stops we call to hiring local legend jack heros to work mornings at wfla
helping develop the top rated a m Tampa Bay show and the brainstorming session at led to wfls
e fm to be christened the power pick in 89 was held in his riverview living room sparking a rating
success that permanently undercut dominant station wrb qfm q 105 now Hobbs hopes to land another
job in the cities called home for so many years don't blame the company for anything he said i
might cripple with who they let go but it's a tough economy tough decisions have to get made
yeah how do you like that uh-huh gave Hobbs do you ever hear him nope mean either
you care about him getting canned nope and all those other people at chief channel nope mean either
care about us yeah we care about us and we're like on skating on real thin ice with this crowd
but they want to do this and blah blah blah they're going to read what what's that term he keeps
using all these times i don't know revisit re-know not revisit re uh yeah re-screw
re-screw the talent that's what jolly joe wants to do is re-screw
wonder how many people wash their hands and junk before and after sex just something to think
about says jane kupersi i don't want to think about it they wash their hands and junk before and
after sex wash your junk that's right don't be a long wash your junk i don't have anything about
public love sponge in my emails here so he must be continuing to i don't know when you think he's
been on long enough now he's been on a couple of weeks yeah he's made some kind of an impact on
the market i mentioned them but i've got a few more spy reports that he was saying nice things about
i don't want to hear that that it's all that i can't get in those are the only reports that's so transparent
and so obvious god trying to use me to siphon audience in his direction screw that saying nice things
about me that's better than what the other people do when they hit town and what's that need at least
starting blasting you you know oh right here's not wait no oh here's the fake mighty corn guy who says
mighty corn very good very creative yeah here's one from eddy well i better print it out
not that eddy swear as well they're pretty weak they're pretty uh well you know everybody's
like just about passed out from all the energy we spent yesterday with the inaugural with all those balls
and stuff don't you think that's the excuse let's be 36 votes on the new pool when listening to
the erudger show whose opinions and observations do you agree with most often kneels 21
Georgia seven no ones i don't listen to the shore participate in the pools five if you know
participate the polls how did you vote huh huh huh huh huh five random e-mailers like fake
celebrity two and intelligence and call her like i'm your friend one and board off snone because we
don't have any more board off so what's the story with that fat Chris wailon how many times you
gonna ask i'm gonna ask every day till i get an answer i'll tell you what i'm gonna post the
answer on the wall and when it changes i'll tell you how's that no i mean seriously he sure he's the
one that told me he wanted to do the stories on the website okay and Josh court just didn't want to
do many more and he has never made any effort evidently to a find out how to do it or to start
doing it or whatever on it i'm saying i know nothing like you don't want to send a whole bunch of
stories one day and then get an email back oh well Josh court is don't have time to do it anymore
in fat Chris he's too much of a lazy lung to do it you know i don't see the man
i guess he just doesn't give a crap
he works from midnight till six in the morning he's long gone by the time you come in i'm sure he's
asleep right now yeah eating no oh yeah no i only take oh i was assuming that it takes him about
an hour to get home that's when he does his eating he's asleep i know yeah and he doesn't care
he doesn't give a crap i can't confirm all the nice things we said about him all they ask kissing
and all the sympathy for his making five cent now or whatever they were paying him and how they
screwed him over and nothing that's the nature of this business man people just really don't care
they put on an act when it's expedient for them but when push comes to shovel they just don't give
a flying crap and as far as court is concerned he here's a guy that's always coming in there
oh it's time for my check oh send me a check i gotta go out and get laid out you gotta have a check
i gotta go get drunk and get laid and as he following through on this i mean this is still the
ball is still in his court yeah the balls are still on his ass okay so let's get with it court
is okay do it or get off the pot
the biggest name the best talent you know what you know Rajas oh god Neil
real american a-hole we salute you mr fake id maker sure you don't have the best equipment
in fact your scanners produce images only slightly sharper than silly party on the Sunday comics
calvin and he doesn't matter though because your customers are completely faced when they visit you
anyway most establishments would deny little Jimmy his alcohol and tobacco but thanks to you
he purchases a 40 and a pack of smokes with ease while his underage friends wait around the corner
sure the cops have tried to shut you down but you provide a public service keeping businesses that
would otherwise go belly up in the black out so we salute you mr fake id maker your inkjet
predator your three x-wives and the scores of hungover teenagers who couldn't get up for school today
you are a real american a-hole okay 1132 at 560 w to q a m here here's one there there always
have to be a bunch like these every day with emails every single day mr. Rogers i must say
that i'm beginning to become concerned for your mental health yesterday afternoon you read an email
detailing how you would lost your edge since moving your shoulder Toronto with which i vigorously
agree it was a very perspicacious observation and especially since this is the person who sent it i'm
sure the first one came from Jimmy syphilite so there are two different ones you read it as though
with the first time was going on here claiming that it came in on friday night the reality though
is that you would already read the same email on friday now do you recall that my reading the same one
you do oh when you do understand this what and that is that a lot of these people send the same email
twice three times four times right even after i do read it on the year right
and reality though was that you what that crap happens all the time sometimes we'll play the same
bit twice uh you know who gives a rat's ass the reality was you already read that same email on
friday early on the show yesterday you claimed you had only heard a total of George doing radio
for a couple of minutes this contradicted your earlier statements in the summer when you
recounted how you listen to George doing the show and discussed in detail his show topic i don't
remember that i don't remember that because i don't listen i don't listen to the radio period
i certainly hope that the gloom of seasonal effect of this order said is not getting you
or something or something worse no maybe just these idiotic emails are getting me it is sad oh it
so freaking sad oh god sad doesn't even come close to describing it oh you're losing it old man
you're losing it in addition to which there's so many of them that are similar there was a follow-up
to that Jimmy syphilis saying well i agree with that email or any audio to audio and since you
were moved into rano and blah blah blah all this other crap guess what i don't give a crap how do
you like that i couldn't give a flying crap bless but if you want if you've got that much time
i have no life then keep writing the same a smarmy crap okay keep keep keep peddling it
no spy reports on bubbled love sponge by the way he must really be kick an ass
nothing
here's one from the star tribune mini apple the same paul massive cuts by national radio chain
clear channel communications hit home Tuesday would lay off a more than two dozen twin city
employees including several honor personalities the highest profile casualty kfans chat heartman
a sports talk star war for nearly 20 years who also serve as the timber wolves play by plan
answer for most of that run his producer doogie wolson was also let go i wonder if he's kind of doogie
housing and i also wonder if he likes to do it doogie style if we weren't facing this economic
tsunami and this came out of nowhere and multiple people weren't let go it would be a bigger
surprise that heartman still it's difficult when you're an individual who has to deal with it he
was given the news around the same time obama was being sworn in oh yeah so obvious so transparent
you grave robbing lunatics a cheat channel clear channel employees were braced for a rough day
the san antonia and where's the article about whoever got cut in the south florida market you know
damn well that there were cuts there too right very jackass should be on top of this and we
should be getting information about that instead of worrying about Anita freaking marks x marks the
spot clear channel employees were braced for a rough day the san antonia based company which
operates more than 1200 radio stations was expected permits workforce by seven percent
but two two two days cuts were worse than expected eighteen hundred and fifty workers lost
their jobs a cut of nine percent the move in response to a dramatic drop in ad revenue is
expected to save the company least four hundred million dollars grave robbers
chozzers give that four hundred million to me and george we can have a good time with it
that's right like rick riley and suds colman rick would take three hundred three hundred and
ninety nine million give suds fifty cents he's a shiny quarter yeah that's right dollar a holler
most of the local cubs came from sales and promotion departments at the corporation seven
twin city stations three other on air personalities were silenced however Dan rigs and Derek
Moran who's been popularly as a cake you ql 108 and cake 102 dj mary gallace who goes by the
on air handle mary mk at the country station what if he's getting to jasmine k got it down it
cia cia
that was his trademark cia and talking all the jailbirds and the fact that he had that big crypt
that he used to select his wife around him his whole life was in that big crypt giant trunk
okay well you call it a trunk it was more like a crypt wasn't it like you when he opened
it you expect like maybe Dracula come on coffin is what you're thinking
crypt a crypt is a building it is yes
a crypt is a building yeah you're thinking coffin or casket even
a tiskett a taskett it's a stone chamber or vault beneath it yeah you're right
like an amosolium they have a bunch of crypts and the bloods
and here's a picture of some old crypts look at that looky looky here comes cookie
when you're used to say that we could never figure out i don't know he said a lot of things we
couldn't figure out that's true but we liked him a lot and he said good good people are the dead people
squirt squirt there are some who believe clear channel communications timed as long and
anticipated company wide elimination about 1850 jobs to coincide with the oba no which is this
from i don't know what this is from i hate when they do that oh this is from the Chicago trip
but nothing about what happened in South Florida with cheap channel yet peri jackass
where's our sources where's our informers well clear channel actually did with it's this
missiles and a bit of cut of reported for a million dollar in cost including the unsurmonious
ouster of w and u a fm 95.5 hedren ricco del was to punctuate a moment in history
oba is an algorithmic arrest call the weakened economy a consequence of greed and irresponsibility
on the part of some but also our collective failure to make hard choices and per peri
donation for a new age one might say the same on the situation at clear channel where cuts
expected since before being capital partners and tomis hley partners last year closed at 17.9
billion dollar deal to take the company private likely became more severe as a result of the
economic downturn what is left is emblematic of a company and industry leads it for a decade or so
believe resulting efficiencies would more than pay for consolidation and when financial projections
go short after stations lost their individuality and edge in the marketplace came to realize more
cuts and sacrifices would be required just last summer Earl Jones clear channels president
chicago market manager called o del who's the guy i give up well it's in here somewhere
o ricco del they called him an icon in chicago radio on Tuesday o del had a stuff into his gym bag
whatever souvenirs he could from almost 20 years of w an u a before being escorted to the elevator
by mailroom clerk they escorted into the elevator you're out you're out ric plenty of other names
on air on air and behind the scenes person number floating around is also being among the cuts locally
couldn't be confirmed at press time in the chicago trip they're a good one to talk they're like
this they own a son suddenly print about four pages a day chicago clear channel management stone
wall referring all inquiries to corporate headquarters in texas the company in turn would do no more
than pass along a memo of surviving staff from clear channel executive mark maze they are a bunch
of bastards there and this this is the guy that there was a oh near roger's the gold standard
talk radio ken charles are real loser ever there was one ken charles over it local cheap channel
in my army two first days yeah never trusted guy with two first names like howard david
that's that's a real good example that's right so there you go and we're still waiting for
berry jackets let me look before we do the break and maybe very is got a breathless update of
what's happening on a local cheap channel scene oh here we go mama b oh here's Tampa well that's
Tampa who gives a crap about you care about Tampa nope clear channel clean house this is from
Rochester well who yeah I was born there what I don't even care about Rochester or the mole
moles as I heard above this morning railing on Todd Schmidt they used to work together at FLZ
in Tampa now they hate each other apparently Schmidt did not have good numbers in Tampa and they
fired his producer yesterday that's always a good idea fired the producer that's what what's your
name babbling brook and randy used to like not just them others almost every other person that's
like you know plan eight amj played out while like a mole right Schmidt played off like he didn't
know his producer was going to get blown out outside of one on air person getting blown out it was
mostly salespeople including Joe Klein who had been there for the least 10 years and Kenny
Gramer has got to something here looky looky here comes cookie oh boy I can't wait to find out about
that nil god
five six WQ a air your sword hole will read as been taking a brutal regime in the ratings of
the afternoon for too long the last ratings both finally convince management that sports folia
should never have expanded beyond a five minute feature at it's empty pain that you want
and information oh that was for randy air for coming soon to sport whole radio five sixty WQ
a m the blue man three guys painted blue will contort their bodies into different shapes and words
doing foreign and entry to you hi where's the blue man and we're and I talk yeah we can talk
you know sure go ahead our career only one as far as the panium dual core yeah we haven't been
employed since the panium four so now we bring our talents to you on the radio okay here here is the
letter s the letter p shoulder how much you want to get there letter p oh letter oh everybody
oh oh oh all right back it back it back down a letter r tell you to come back here let's go
right here and letter r and t back to easy one yes again yes for contorting for the benefit of our
listeners we just spelled sport the blue man yeah and five sixty WQ and all time
to do a big lot of football baby nothing and just like the Berlin Wall it came tumbling down
what were some other walls that came tumbling down wall of football yeah wall of football came
tumbling and crumbling down you can hear it hit the ground let's see here's one that says clear
channel cuts begin and it's got a list of every market uh fully uh new york nico nico nico
petrox since whtz new york victor lamb air at oh here we go at clear channels Miami cluster programming
assistant on air host victor Lambert exits after five years that's all it's got in Miami and you know
hurry jackass if they were on top of this crap we already have it but they're not
Louis uh hello us maybe it's a misprint how maybe it's Louis caplin exits oh m of clear channels
for Myers floater cluster first of all what's the guy named caplin doing in four Myers
you can be damn sure we got nobody named caplin working it easily for Myers it sounds way to
like that date no high oh new haven Delaware um Portland but all we got in Miami is victor lamb
word do you ever hear him nope never heard him the agoramo sex its clear channel top 40 wioq
fully ramos has been a morning fixture in the um city of breathily love for eighteen years was
most recently recently the local link of the syndicated elvester ran morning show
wow what what does that mean i what part don't you understand the agoramos i don't know who these
people are and you know what i really don't care it's just that they're probably all good people
are most of mar and the people screwed getting screwed because it's the nature of the business all
we're in a recession any pressure knows you get it yeah okay so Kenny grammar sends me uh this
is transcribed from vocalist Cleo Brown recorded march 12 1935 i knew that renewing demographics were
little on the old side but 1935 wow looky looky here comes cookie i see and it's got all the lyrics
here i don't know why i guess kenny's got a lot of time i have no right to do we have an original
recording of it i don't think we can play
added to my collection i got a lot of stuff from uh the olden days oh my goodness looky looky looky
looky here comes cookie walking down the street looky looky looky i call him cookie because he's
sweet and it just goes on and on i can add it to my Edison recording collection when he's near my
let's say oh my heart says ah tralala when he kisses oh it's tn t for two looky looky here comes
cookie want to fix my tie just a little angel playing hooky from heaven on high oh my sweet is
pumpkin pie pucky pucky pie so that's where that came from a looky looky here comes cookie i say
i didn't realize vinerie was like a hundred and fifty years old i've got a little tire to that
crap i know you right now i don't blame him so thanks kenny grammar before you talk about having
way too much time on your hands by god 103 votes but he's he sure is iod intensive anything
that never went on over there he knows it he knows where all the bodies are buried he knows where
Steve ziggler used to hide that big screwdriver oh yeah make no mistake about that the wonder it was
warm never forget today when steves ziggler came in and took that bad hair piece off his head and
heaved it at me and i gave him like a gigantic sitting ovation should have kept it
and done well with it could it could have had to hang out with from moe could have nailed it to
the wall like it's a scalp and maybe would have like moved around a little bit maybe or a lot
he used it as a warmer why do guys in fact there's a guy a woodbind guy like maybe seven years
has a piece that makes mose look like art that's how bad it is and there was a lady playing next to
me the other day and she said he was like a few machines down and she said why would anybody walk
out of the house looking like that yeah and i thought to myself that's a good question i still wonder
why i don't know i guess maybe i said maybe he doesn't have any mirrors in the house and she chuckled
you know like that maybe he's a vampire can't see his reflection oh my god a piece so ridiculous
so silly and so fake and so obvious like mose used to be like a muskrat died on his head
peat and tapas says gay beehob's once presided over wfla which was once its
manifestation when it had people like last year lionel and christ Thomas he obviously doesn't
care about being fair and balanced even having a decent product as wfla is now a virtual paid political
announcement for the republican party sounds like iod and my any jimmy syphilis and glendreck
and rush limbaugh and the time and smitmeister and all his other Nazis they got on the year and
that's because that's what cheap channels really all about peddling fascism in the last few months
he has fired the two voices of reason who actually did live shows me renappa mark bero and
daniel rooth says peat and tapas well thanks for the bad news peat that's cheap channel for you a
bunch of butchers and murderers we finally got a little something something here relating to florida
and cheap channel dan silio is taking over sports talk radio in the state we've heard that name
where do we hear that name i don't recall what do the massive cuts to the national radio
john cleary channel mean it asks this is from the orlando sentinel my radio sources tell me
this is by written by might be anky i wonder if he's kid albie ac he used to play for the syracuse
nats in the nva my radio sources tell me means every major market in the state might soon be all
silio all the time local sports radio host dan silio who already samukas is morning drive time
radio show in tampa and orlando is on in jackson vise of this morning and there's talking maybe
on my any soon to buy by Jimmy syphilitek all my wouldn't that be something if they blow out Jimmy
syphilis in jacksonville he replaced popular long time host david lamb and his co-host joe coward
at nine thirty a.m. the city's most established sports station nine thirty a.m. full disclosure i
do a morning radio show nine or eleven a.m. with co-host marked anil's on ten eighty a.m.
not a clear channel station so i guess you can call me competitive silio is all of his show
is on a different time slot six to nine a.m. honestly though i don't consider us to be competitors on my
sports talk junkie i listen to sports talk no matter what station it's on i've listened to silio
since he arrived in orlando five or six years ago frankly i don't like where local sports is
headed with clear channel essentially cutting costs to samukas syndicate it shows into all their
major markets for instance i like silio when he talks about sports orlando is interested in the
magic the gator seven oles night's nfl but we don't get nearly enough of those topics in orlando
because he's often talking about the books the raise and the lightning snooze because he has to
please his larger Tampa market what's it going to be like now that he's in jacksonville in my
army do we really want influx of jaguars heat and marlins talk at our local our waves the marlins
the other news coming out of clear channels cusses that seven forty a.m. a soon be dropping its
Latin format and going back to an all sports format with line of that includes silio in a
morning followed by syndicated programming dan patrick and jim roam with a chance that the legendary
uh... some some some doctor and partner mic tuck the words chopped off
will provide more local programming during afternoon drive that's in orlando stay tuned it says stay
tuned here's one that says i do remember you talking of dorge your show is the previously
mail or stated i remember you talking at length about the g r show dorge has been trying to
brand himself with a new lingo sort of like jalo et cetera q-conducing out about him let's just
lift your mind by the way is it would bind what and mind to
you know we call talking about listening to george show and if i did it was a long time ago
and when i'm telling you that i don't listen now and having for a long time by the way is it would
bind or would find to me it sounds like the first one a forever listener same would bind with the
b as in bitch as in vastardo as in borscht med like that b got it as in how you be okay
how you be uh... what is it george george oh uh
who whatever he said you were calling yourself now oh i don't know why are these two
none she all floor it's already on the floor so don't worry no more
hundred fourteen votes on the new poll pretty impressive not
this is the chaney i'd like to relax by having married magnalyn massage my balls while listening to the
new rod is twelve to one hour me while the democratic race between baroque and obama and
hila reeklinton still too close to call we'll have more later that one smoothly
no i'm just gonna all have to add live it give me one interesting exit call please
i'm re thanks for a new c 25 today back to you jam thanks marie at six seventeen and health
watch this morning doctors in utah are hoping for a new met new medical breakthrough to solve the
problems of attention disorder behavior with problems with children attention deputant deficit
hyperactivity is a common disorder that's three out of five kids
uh... actually three to five percent of the children with uh
start to solve over again can we back up and start it over i'm lost
so i'm doing the first one he's not expecting a big win and then how is this money and staff
situation changed okay and then there's much more cdf news ahead okay
pretty juliani's dead i mean you know what i mean
that's it
he acted you use the cool shadow on the snow shot yet
the cbs
yeah it's so cool i don't think it's okay i think it's so cool
a local man spots something suspicious and uh
that uh... he uh... decides to spring into action um... he uh... has
done something that is very good
we
weatland or we land
weatland right how do you say that does anyone know
sorry weatland
weatland
we can't
oh okay weatland was constant saucy synthia
sent
just pretty eyes issue their freaking the out of the
uh...
no she looks like a husky
you know that's weird blue eyes
uh... yeah
syni became has the most intense eyes
they're like light
ice blue
it's a purple suit on us i mean
they were so intense i think i couldn't stop staring at her
but about i was weird
thank you
respect your job
don't let her go away this that that's what she ever response that she still
there
what's that the ladies is leave
yeah that's too bad
it's good to get that
that's back every one
yes yes what do you like to know i would like to know
a response to what the gentleman said
the gentleman's very effective spokesperson for the for the company but uh...
obviously the people who live there are not satisfied with his explanation
right
forty one now
well if i have to teach you how to be a reporter all you do that later
i want to do that later jimba i think the lady expressed itself
and uh... you're not here you're there with is there any questions like me
to ask her
and no i'd i'll give you lessons and how to become a reporter
i'll give you some lessons and how to be an editor because i was your boss once
yeah you were
and are no longer how that happened
uh... well i don't want to build a millum clearly putting a mission
accomplished on a aircraft here was a mistake
for some people predicting a bomb would be held every by twenty points
ten double digits okay
obviously some of my rhetoric has been a mistake
nine seven point two magnitude magnitude earthquake rattle
a last-size-time lose silence
it was
magnitude seven point
was a very large earthquake
the good thing is
there were no immediate reports
many differences
for injuries
but the
after the break we're going to interview Eric why have mayor
climb the highest mountain the world mountain ever is
but
this gay i mean this gay excuse me he's blind
so we're here about that okay as we had the break a look at the six
there've been disappointment so i would grab obviously with a huge
disappointment during the presidency
not any weapons of mass destruction
was a significant disappointment i know who likes chocolate our zane burgey
loves chocolate one of our main kid at all nice melons
behind you there
that's what check the booby booby's out short i don't appreciate the
speculation about non-rump spill he's doing a fine job i strongly
supporting what say the critics believe that you're ignoring the advice of
retired generals military commanders who say that there needs to be a change
i said listen all voices but minds of final decision
and non-rump spilled is doing a fine job
i have strong confidence in non-rump i hear the voices voice
voice but i'm the decider
huckabee he wasn't expecting to win okay and then i'd like to ask her
and south carolina he should do better i would rather look ahead to that
that they can't hurt me yeah okay oh one moment please for major bulletin serious
stock ten cents okay okay
ten hold on two seconds Rick can you hold on two seconds
Jen where's my um new clinton obama to those two cards you made me
that you put out you condensed the two cards oh here it is here it is
you have to just just title them okay okay clinton obama you know what i mean
okay otherwise it's hard for me to pull them out you know what i mean
okay thank you never mind sorry okay sorry Rick
okay
is that a bad monitor on top just that a curiosity
that looks so much better in the one below so i guess i guess ronnie was
exuding kind of false confidence right
harkening back to his Olympic experience in sout Lake City
well will he do well in michigan today is Tuesday right yeah thank you
i i'm sorry i feel like i'm losing my mind wow what a production by chicken
act there huh well that stuff come from that was great
late great oh eight is what the title is of that and it's six minutes in some
odd mm-hmm which is enough to make me want to play um what when two thousand eight
year review come on play those back to back for an entire segment now you
better grasp the size of your tear grab red really okay
back them all right although this is from some unnamed person with a phone number
only okay and he follows he follows up the first one with one it says
oh an a m radio is over no shmit i told the audience that years ago
did i yep that is a door nail i said take your radio and put it in the toilet
and flush it crank the handle baby crank it
here's what's going to happen says this uh... anonymous emailer with a phone number
w-i-o-d is going liberal talk move from nine forty meaning skier america they're
showing that over to i-o-d nine forty is going sports talk with salio and a-m drive
one o three point five is getting limbaugh and crew expect call letter changes
how do you like that okay did you follow that i heard it
according to this now we have no verification and of course time jica and very
jack angers who is in the days long
w-i-o-d is going liberal talk meaning skier america moved over from nine forty
well that's what they do the best they keep shuffling stuff around from one
station to the other yeah nine forty is going sports talk with salio and a-m drive
all my god another sports talk station with a big fifty thousand one signal in
the middle of dial oh my speaking of dial i bet you jolly jose dropping a big
pile here and that one or three point five is getting limbaugh and crew expect
call it changes maybe the humpers going to show up over there on nine forty
liby wouldn't that be poetic justice yes
wow so that's the rumor from someone confirmed uh... phone number guy
with that not even with a fake name you know oh by the way a-m radius dead
as if as if we needed any confirmation of that
that's like that's like saying to the people on the Titanic oh and guess what
we're going down
Lisa Skolnik-Kolvin says is this hit real
what does that mean i don't know oh it's got a link to something i don't know
and i don't care and i'm uh... deleting it right now is this link real
the inauguration day massacre is what they're calling it in the tampa
and all over the country is teepe channel cuts eighteen hundred and fifty
jobs nationwide
so if that's the case if that's really true what we just had on there
about the uh... clear channel moves which have been hearing a lot of rumors about
that for a long time that means Jimmy syphilite out of work all the rest of
the stuff they got on their syndicated you know limbaugh and
shmit back it's all syndicated direct right the only local jokalika on their
jimmy syphilite the more i don't think he's gonna be around to be on liberal
talk radio you know i'm saying after his fascist rants of the last few months
that he's been on bye bye jimmy i don't have any emails from jimmy today saying oh
gee it's yours been fun
and we're getting the pink slips over here at teepe channel
always taking all these shots at me and you in this station and the audience
which believe me we deserve plenty but nevertheless
look in the mirror jimmy your days are numbered and i think probably in single
digits
and what that be great in all sports station with a morning show coming out of
orlando that should be very atopical shouldn't oh yeah
so how many sports stations is that mean we got to market now
very ought to be happy about that because he told us years ago if we just had
a hundred sports talk stations it would bring a lot more people to sports talk
right and divide the audience up by a hundred uh... times maybe that's how we
got to that point at night nine o'clock
grandin says here's your bubba spy report i can't stand bubba he's a lot like
howard in the fact that he goes way over as a lot of times show slot ten forty
and he was still on name dropping left and right how do you like that see you get
suckered in because he keeps kissing my ass and kissing up to me but the fact of
the matter is he's on there competing with us i don't know what you mean but i get
suckered in yeah you get sucked in what what does that mean i don't know
you just get kind by the bubba crowd i don't know what you're talking all these
nice things about you i said that the last five
port i got he was still nice things about you who care getting sucked in
i hope he kicks the crap out around an old paul
that would be great
but i don't i mean i don't know i'm sure i can look a lot of feedback maybe his
audience and ours just have no uh... common ground you know what i'm saying
common ground
coffee grounds yeah
now wait a minute
oh
oh i see there's just another new story
she got a lot of stories today people doing this and people getting busted for
doing that
for slinging crap bad meat at taco smell and stuff like that
but it kills some good time though
i can mail it in the big past
you know this is stamp in half of the eleventh sixty qa m
and now it's time for our long distance dedication
it's from hankoberg and he writes please play
the air that i breathe and dedicated to my kin passenger blow up doll
new from interrogation toys it's the board game that's making a huge splash
waterboarding it's waterboarding the cia torture tactic is now available for you
to play along with at home it comes complete with table for straining straps
blindfold saran rap towel in five different levels of interrogation questions
are you cheating on me
you supply the water faucet will supply the
five you'll never be bored playing
waterboarding get your family and friends that tell the truth
torture your neighbor who never moses line
or use it as some sort of weird sexual fetish
waterboarding
okay i got a real idea what what no let me let me uh play that again but i
just a little bit of it and i want to see if i can get the other channel back
oh okay new from interrogation toys maybe it's the this or maybe it's the
maybe it's the denon it's possible it's about time for them to go out again
remember i i should replace those yeah you should uh jiggle all your wires
and there's no wires to jiggle there's like the dead in there there's got to be
wires everything's wires oh get out here i'm gonna get up and go behind the
thing where you're crazy when before the show tomorrow
we'll jiggle them oh let me try a different disc okay
warners got it back to throw looks like rolls for high tower cost you're right
it's the denon hmm that's bad or maybe it's the pot
it could be the pot you're the pot expert we got to do the trouble shooting
procedure what what is that tomorrow morning we'll start with the source and
trace it i mean do they sound okay on the year yeah well you know it gets
monitored out by the time it gets here but probably we're missing something
how do we know what we're missing because we're not hearing it
we're you're not missing nothing but all right trust me in this place you're
missing something boy you're dreaming
anyway Lisa emails back says hi again sir i didn't flesh out my question
better but i said it during the katey crewer bit i was asking if that was really
her or a bit i have no links on my page
well that is really her Lisa that's her she's a simple didn't a moron and a
bubblehead and those are real outtakes from various crap
which chicken neck worked his ass off i'm not like in fact it was so good i
think we ought to play it again i agree five or ten times i agree
who you think and who are those people arguing i used to be your boss and
no no who are those people because that was funny that was the fun i don't know
i have no idea chicken up on that why yeah chicken i'll tell you who given the
astray poop here's one that's got a bunch of comments about dan
sillio it seems to me i could be wrong but i remember the name
wasn't he once upon a time on a year in this market like on fox sports radio or
one of those incarnations it sounds familiar yeah my brain tuned that out which
means probably that's what it was i'm pretty positive he was on one of these
incarnations of sports talk radio the 80,000 we've had in the last
several years went over like a pregnant pole of alter in the middle of
july at the equator not good here are some comments and i don't know where
these are from mama be i don't know where these comments are from
it's very sad it says very little about the quality of sports talk radio in
a book full like dan sillio can go stay wide he's either dirt cheap or the
sports talk audience in the state are a bunch of mental midgets
sillio comes at a lower asking price than other syndicated talk show host the
reasons why are blatantly obvious it's cheaper to be even pay one guy across
several markets than to pay several guys to focus on one market
a mfm our dead technology anyway it says try podcast your satellite radio
so many more choices and let me say it again as far as satellite radio is
concerned uh... serious is ten cents but you should know that that's not the
lowest point right no it's not they reached eight cents a few weeks ago
because you can see the high and low the last 52 weeks eight cents
then they went zooming back up to sixteen seventeen cent and now they're
sliding back to a nice comfortable dime got a dime you can buy a share of
serious i'm cereal you want some please some buying opportunity man that's
what maria would tell you how's the market's doing
another reason why not to watch cnn they put the number in the bottom right hand
corner in such tiny print now you you couldn't read that if you had like
a hundred hundred vision you turn over to msnbc though where the hell is it
and they got it there the s and p is up ten and a half points police investigating
unknown white substance of the wall street urinal
that's the breaking news that were found that contestant which is of course
based in the thousand seventy six and a half point i'd find out more details about
what's happening there at the wall street journal we will pass those along quick
break here we'll be right back okay good police are investigating an unknown
white substance at the wall street urinal that right right wing rack maybe the
liberals are getting even with all your right wingers now that would be good
uh... take a powder maybe it's bc powder is there anybody except red
next who uses bc powder that's the story we did one you asked that before just
like rc cola although i do like rc cola fine i don't see it around here i don't
see it around uh much anymore either i did have some in fact i still got some
diet doctor pepper i'm drinking right now not not caffeine
what doctor pepper you don't like doctor pepper what is wrong with you man you
know it's a good issue of all it's like poison
you know let me take a big sweet right now better you than me
i'm dying out of here it's good i love doctor pepper
although then like i said they do not make i think there should be a law for
those of us fat people
and since the majority of people are overweight or fat or obese
there ought to be a law made by the FDA and here as well
that any beverage that's produced with sugar is also made in sugar free and
caffeine and sugar free you know like caffeine free dye Pepsi caffeine free
dye coke like that correct am i right yes there should be a freaking lot of
protect those of us who don't want to you know i'll take my sugar and ice cream
or something that tastes good candy pie punky pie
i don't like punky pie i like blueberry pie just fine
blueberry had blueberry pie in a while no not lately i have i just love blueberries
Roberto Benignio Campos thought there ought to be a law for kicking a man out of the
bar closing time police said in Tampa they got real
tourists over there in Tampa when the staff at the Shangri-La
gentleman's oasis scooped up his drink at 3.50 a.m. to shut down for the night
compost called 9.11 to say he'd been robbed in affidavit says
Tampa police were not amused officers arrived at the bikini bar 2310 north
the Elmebre highway sized up the situation and told
campos no crime had been committed campos 33 was undeturbed
called 9.11 three more times to report a drink robbery the affidavit said
drink robbery they stole my drink they stole his drinky poo how do you like that
bastards the St. Petersburg man also advised the authorities police didn't
help him because he was a supporter of president Barack Obama at that point
police were glad to help compost to jail police charge him with misdemeanor
misuse of the 9.11 system for calling emergency number for a purpose
other than obtaining public safety assistance
campos was released this morning on $500 bill jail records show they got some
real strange people doing stuff like a taco smell and at bars and you know
places like that says there's some real strange people over there in the
west coast after that we don't have some strange people in south Florida
and some really strange people in Toronto like a wood buy
oh there was a chick sat down next to me yesterday i just wanted to die
i mean she was young she was like some old you know eastern european
bitch that never saw bars so she was like a young lady you know
yeah chubby fat yeah maybe maybe fat people at bad hygiene you think
there are places they just can't reach let's see i see not so much in the
folds like maybe like maybe they're all right she smelled worse than that part
over could i was swooning my head i really started getting busy my head was
uh your laugh and i was crying my head was spinning i felt like
Kennedy lunch yesterday what about portetti i mean it's just
speaking of yeah speaking of getting light had it
i mean why would you go there and why would his doctors let him stand out
to in the freezing cold for two hours uh you know well i understand what they
could have brought him out for like the most important for the speech and
like that you know for a few minutes they could have slept him out there
lot of really dottering sick people if that not the worst you could old man
bush with his cane and his uh whatever that thing was you and his nose
and chainy in the wheelchair with the cane i wonder where bobby bird was
a land i think he was laying down on the mall
biggest name the best town you know that the lord even loves neo-rodgers
what's going down with you man are you aware that when you say you do a stab
in motion that was weird
that is slightly disturbing
can help with thinking that this thing a little more tight
than everyone else
what they fall in like a spring in hell
with time and making them shut up i can't stand them
yeah they start to cry or get angry
you suck when losers are put down they're gonna scream
oh yeah that's right
the singing of a baby
when they suck on a million idol
you have one of the worst voices i've ever had
see you definitely blow next place okay twelve thirty one and five sixty
w q a m
you know here's one that says Neil the bastard said on the show that he went
on the jam cruise last week and had so much fun
that if not for his job at seven ninety would have just stayed on the ship till
his money ran out seeing that he's all that seven ninety has left i think w
q m she just pan the stay on the cruise until waxy goes under
yeah yeah great idea huh
Jimmy dorsky says tell these phony psychologists to take out their pretend
prescription pads care off the top sheep sheet and wipe their asses with it
the only edge you've lost is the quality of listeners i guess most of the smart
people in florida however you there were packed up and got out of town after
last hurricanes and market collapse all that's left our retards with too much
time on their hands who don't realize there's a knob on the radio it allows them
to change the station if they don't like what they hear but they won't do that
because they're probably the same people who snobbishly email you about food
and the big fat asses can't get off the fake leather sofa because they don't
realize panera bread is fast food too what's panera bread i was gonna ask you
now i don't know hopefully president obama can ship off these dingbats before
guantanamo is closed i'd like to know how they'd enjoy a fine banquet of
bread and water followed by having their sphincters jump started with a
car battery and while we're shutting down torture buildings in Cuba let's also
deliver a bunker busted to the radio station and their fears with qm
signal the only time i want salsa is when it's right next to a big bowl of chips
but let's not discuss food the snobs might start emailing again
take care of your george says good old jimmy d thank you jimmy that was nice
but he's always nice jimmy right i he's like a you know a positive guy
which we don't have too many on these emails most of it is
here's one from steven ocean reef he says it's time to stop talking and complaining
the time has come for wqm to fix the where radio the weak radio signal management can't be
that cheap oh that's what you think he was the listeners a clean clear signal the bleed over
from the latin signal is killing the ability to listen to wqm and the words of
president obama enough enough already ghanoug is not what obama said yesterday ghanoug
yes that's what steven ocean reef well thanks to the where's ocean reef over yandu
now where isn't i don't know you don't know i'll find out my god i thought you were the expert
in all things uh like that right right geography and like geometry right exactly
ocean reef
kielargo i don't think we ever had an email from anybody an ocean reef before i lost
kielargo kielargo
185 votes on the poll when listening to the new roger show whose opinions and observations do you agree with most often
kneels 105 George 43 no ones i don't listen to the show i'm participating in the polls 18
18 who are participating in the poll the douse have 74 points big deal that's the obama bounce
77 77 bordop's 10 meaning like fat chris and the courtess a random emailer
fakes celebrity like to fake alice rantell fake jury rentals seven and intelligent collar
i'm your friend four they'd agree with intelligent colors more often if a we took calls and be we
had any intelligent colors there is your out florida senator bill nelson yes that was covered
no that's not him speaking that's that this he's speaking but this chick on msnbc is the
happened a little bit of what you're saying right now too and talk about logistics here because when
we're hearing senator cornin suggest isn't that the contestant the flying contestant okay i don't know
and on the ccd news here they got some chick called what's your name max i don't know what her name
and what what's with chicks with all these men's name if anybody ought to have a man's name
it's uh what's your name there Rachel meadow she ought to be Steve meadow or you know
as in steve geldesign i'm telling you it's gildey it's gildey would like a bad wig maybe more left one
of his pieces behind his thing maybe former del ray preach that was the slip of the tongue it was
excellent cute former del ray beach priest john skihand pleaded guilty this morning to a charger
grand theft of more than a hundred grand but a successor plans to go to trial on identical charges
skihand is scheduled to be sentenced march 20 in pleading gildey skihand gave short answers of
yes your honor the circuit court judge jeffrey cold bath ever take a cold bath just as
after the hearing skihand hurried away without answering questions from the media state attorneys
are for spokesman michael edmondson said the judge will determine skihand's punishment grand theft
more than a hundred grand he's effectively throwing himself at the mercy of the court they said
an agreement which with prosecutors earlier this year final part when a judge rejected it the
agreement with a spared skihand prison time and allowed him to return to his home in Ireland
he could search for the lockness monster skihand 81 in the Reverend Francis guinon 66 or charge in
2006 with stealing more than 800 grand from St. Vincent for rare Catholic church in del ray beach
over a six year period skihand who was passed with the church for more than 40 years is accused
of paying for homes in florida and Ireland and for vacations abroad and giving money to his
girlfriend all with collection money guinon who succeeded skihand has had of the church in 2003
faces similar accusations that he skimmed church fronts to give money to his girlfriend and
to support his gambler have well at least these guys had girlfriends that's something maybe the
pope will give them like some special honor both men were charged with a single counter grand theft
of more than a hundred grand we then attorney Richard Barlow said the accusations against his
client are wrong you said the money went to employ bonuses building improvements and other
explainable expenses like maybe getting laid and stuff we can certainly account for most of it
Barlow said the case of the two Irish born priest is drawn international attention and other scandals
in the I mean other scandals in the Catholic church originally and auditing the diocese of Palm Beach
show the prayer took more than eight million dollars worth of church funds over 20 years the
prosecutors had legal time with someone that could file charges for eight million bucks why
nice nice outfit father what a joke but you people continue showing up every Sunday put money
in the plate so they can they can live high off the old hog here's one from Pete the chronic spy
report on the bubble show he had cheap channel employees x employees ripping cheap channel especially
ripping authors name touch mitt they rip them and ask them apparently he is suing Bubba and how
that jackass judge messed up how about the oh yeah judge Robert yesterday messed up the swearing
into Obama he said he was gonna he wasn't gonna bring notes he wasn't gonna bring it written out
he was gonna do it from the top of his head the chief justice of the Supreme Court and he screwed it
up and Obama looked at him and paused like what's up judge you like an on drugs or something my god
that was embarrassing and then at least at least Robert's after the thing was over went over to
Obamacin I screwed it up I'm sorry it's my fault my bad I'm an idiot and Obama said yeah we know
that that's why the first opportunity we get we're gonna put something in your tea like they did
into the poke remember they put a little something in the post T and that's the three see that
was all a true story about how they murdered the pope but now godfather three is so bad people
like so was the inquisition and they don't care about that either that was bad that was really bad
oh here's a uh I see joke forget the jokes here's one Neil I've tried to give bubble trying
the mornings he's still bitching about chief channel which does not make for very interesting
listening and Brandon is correct by saying he's a name dropper big time he sucks howards but every
chance he gets oh speaking of name dropping Randy mentioned you on her show yesterday referring
to you as the godfather of talk radio she also attributed you to naming her the goddess and he
truth to that yeah I was forced to say that however she didn't bring up to stand on the chair
must have slipped her mind I'm in a great frame of mind today I watched part of the ceremonies yesterday
and it was a real pleasure seeing so many Americans in a good mood for once now I know what it
feels like being released from prison can't wait to see what the new administration is going to do
about black water halibut and all the war profiteers not to mention the impending hearings should get
very interesting when they start to expose all the wrongdoings by the bush monsters love the show
you sound as good to me today as you always did stay warm john elicworth well thanks john
you know what nice sound okay to me too when you come back
were you brought back and ladies all kinds of naked you go out to all editions like this no just this one
welcome to hollywood yeah okay let's go make it as good hey there Katrina you look tight in your
bikini you could turn a homo straight but girls hate you cuz you're so pretty yes they do
I can't allow them to say yes they can accept that you sing smooth half naked doons
hey there Katrina be afraid of ryan sea cresty and Simon have a woody where a fong and they'll
beat you and they'll go blind yes and since your voice is just as tight girls will despise
oh that's not a bikini no it's not it's too tiny oh your father's pretty sweet oh I
do has come to be American strip and you're beautiful girl but that was a big song welcome to hollywood
okay so I think what I'm going to do is while maybe right now get up and I go around the back of the
right big thing here the where the denons are and diddle it and just and just look give it
how how can it be a how can it have changed there's no nobody in here let me let you in on a
little bit of secret since the beginning of times since we've started creating machines going all
back to the pointed sticks yeah so such thing as a machine that does not wear out in break it has
never occurred well I shouldn't wear out in break I just installed these myself with wear out they
break they fail things go wrong things get loose yeah to loose blood drink yeah things happen as
happens I've had that happen really oh more than once anyway 12 47 at 5 60 W we got the big oh
coming along rock solid two o'clock please somebody listen to them because boy those numbers yesterday
were pathetic tragic and please somebody listen to the D.A. show or you already tried it that was
up 51 points nothing too exciting they don't seem to be too worried about that white powder at the
Wall Street Journal there are a bunch of Nazis over there anyway 207 on the pool when listening to
the neo-rodger show whose opinions and observations you agree with most often kneels 116 George 48
no one's I don't listen to the show or participate in polls 19 idiots boredops 10 random
emailers fake celebrities nine like the fake Greg Badell or an intelligent caller is like I'm your
friend five out of the 209 now you're going to get upset about this oh geez well it's not about you
it's about technical crap listen to you and your phone from Warner Clemper remember him yeah
oh it's zero regarding the question you received about using the iPhone to listen to WQM there's
an app on the iPhone store that includes WQM is one of its preset radio stations it's called
wander radio what wonder we talked about it's called wonder radio and has streams from hundreds
of radio stations available including the most popular Miami stations did you know clear channel has
its own app that lets iPhone uses us and all clear channel stations on their phones no I didn't
know and I didn't care since satellite radio has been a bust maybe cell phone radio is the wave
of the future you're riding the wave of the future mr. president maybe you can lose your ass like
everybody else was that a mirror trade was that the the goofball that was doing those spots remember
back then yep during the big tech bubble oh you're riding the way to the future that guy was a real
goofball um um paul says panera bread is a Starbucks like pseudo deli bakery that's overpriced and
tastes horrible thanks paul a Starbucks like pseudo deli bakery panera bread no I never heard of it
did you nope we did now thanks to paul you think we're gonna make it till two o'clock today make
what till two o'clock the show yeah why not just play that better a couple more times well I can
play the other one the uh oh the other what oh here we go a whole thing about salio a whole
biography I don't want that thanks bazaar usually very good but why do we want a whole biography of
this guy oh he was in Tampa he did this oh here you go for sure see I was right for a short time
in 2004 his program was syndicated in wians e940 and miming that was Fox Sports Radio remember
they lasted about five minutes after they blew up with the suds remember that that was also I
was also just told by nobody that yes he tried oh like heavy duty figure on qa and get on qa and
and might be even still trying I see fucking around really hard really to get on this radio how can
he get on qa when he's gonna be on iodine well there you go I guess when he failed to get on here
you mean like when paul he was trying desperately to get hired to do mornings on qa and then
denied a lie about it I don't want to say the old cast are over lies but he lied because we had
that I'm very good authority from two different people who would never make up stories and uh
that's years ago he was trying desperately to get away from them and to get on mornings on qa and
desperately and then he denied it god as he adorked that cast her and I hope that
bubbled loves one beats the crap out of all the way down it maybe maybe who likes siphon some of
the audience away 2004 he was on nine forty that was Fox Sports Radio that went over like
halava in Siberia not well so I was right my memory say I may be reading emails that I read on
Friday again and think oh this is brand new well you know we got so many negative emails
oh you lost your edge when you did this and when you did that when you went to teranau and when
you went to woodbine and when you you know fell down and broke your hand you lost your edge
yes screw you each mid the fake Larry King says oh I'm so sick and tired of these you know once
and for all I'd like to know who this person is because this is somebody who really has no
it's got to be mr. radio okay because I don't know anybody although moe of course it could be moe
but moe does know all these people moe is from the wrong era in the market you know what I mean
he wouldn't know any of the people from the iod era fake Larry King says I want to give a shout out
of appreciation to bokeh Brian aka chicken neck sitting out of bench in Delray it's the town
and man you look we turn to go down to some of the best parody songs of all time
first of all it's not called man you look retarded it's called retarded green onions but
nevertheless right his moe and guilty bits are the best are you still paying bokeh out of pocket
uh I have one word to answer for that okay none you as in none you effing business okay
are you these people are writing a book I'm sure of it I can't wait for the book to come out
so I can read all their fantasies you're still doing this you're still doing that did you hang out
with Alan did you uh burg did you oh my god you know what these people are besides having no life
overgrown children yeah
panera bread is like a bad restaurant a cubano says somebody
a bad restaurant a cubano now what about that place uh it's in the airport too called
la carreta they're all over town we've discussed that before that's a bad restaurant a cubano
is it really it's mediocre it's just very uh la carreta aren't you press there they're saying
very very impressive they're they're a chain in their mediocre it best sorry and what's
lost they really the good one Las Vegas which uh started out small but they're a chain also now
but they're great too and the pocket yes no mooshie beans right no free hole is not if you don't
want the man no make who still have all this zest with beans I told that to a pop of the other day
you know every culture has beans in the man you're obsessed with attaching Chinese beans I guess
one of the culture has beans no they don't every so beans are a real world right
he writes not beans they have beans the Italian's he beans yes I guess I guess the Italian's
what's it a pop of the huh everybody has beans in their pocket beans with kiannis always nice
yeah Eddie says I just wanted to vent and say we're finally rid of that bumbling idiot
I've been a big supporter of Obama hope he lives up to most of the expectations we have for him
we should all realize there's no way he'll please us all all the time
however there are so many serious issues we need uh need to be addressed that have been swept
under the rug not just by the past administration but for generations in other words there are
a bunch of crooks Eddie there are brunch are crooks rape the public that's the game that they play
the oil companies all the other big corporations rape the public and the politicians got their hand
in the cookie jar too like uh rod blagoia which who put the oil he put the gory in blagoia which
we as a people need to stay on top of our elected officials I don't want to stay on top of any of them
and demand that there be intellectual discussions and not just the partisan politics
that have put us where we are today intellectual discussions like when George is on doing the show
yeah I don't believe all our problems will be solved by Obama well thank god for that but I do uh
oh you said thank god yeah I was talking about thank damn god
but I hope he begins to clean up the mess of the past eight years a lawyer listener since 88 Eddie
thank you Eddie Eddie says it's a new beginning right
it was pretty amazing day yesterday and then of course Teddy screwed it all up by eating that duck
I never had duck and I have no desire to have it because everybody tells me it's real
gamey tasting and real ultra greasy and you have to cook it like medium rare because otherwise
it gets real rubbery I didn't hear that part but that's what I was told it's a dark meat all
the way through oh I don't like dark meat and it is greasy oh I like the white chicken breast
on the chicken so I heard thanks for reading my email says Rudy Panera's bread is a great place
they offer free free Wi-Fi plus they also donate all their leftover pastries and bread the
local charities that can collect it it's great for the people receiving every Saturday my local charity
well whatever that means do you understand what that means nope I don't either in other words if
you get it if you're starving to death and you get it at the uh committals house maybe it's okay
boy talk about a long email from Jim and England oh my god Jim even the British have no life
I wonder how the queen is doing I heard the queen had a magnificent ball movement this morning a royal ball
lalalala so should lick him like a lolly lalalala maybe next time I'll just whack some
as they go back I'll have just scratch them
lalalala one o'clock at 560 w.w.qu.m. oh it's so cold Neil it's so cold down here well too bad
yeah whatever temperature you got I'll trade you for it how's that cold we almost had to open the
windows yeah Brandon says La Carrera tab blows big time
well Las Vegas is great especially the one in Hollywood which haven't going too since I was
is born like what?
Chipotle is a good place for some huge good burritos.
Everybody likes a big huge burrito and some people even like a big huge chalupa.
Sure.
Chipotle, you know that place?
Never heard of it.
No, well there you go.
I'll check it out.
Because so far he's right on.
I mean I was trying to be nice.
Why he got to be nice?
But look at Rita.
They're not spending any money on this station.
Are you kidding me?
La Carreta is going to buy his time on this station.
I'll be overrated.
La Carreta?
See, I do know where the one is in the airport though.
I've seen it.
In Miami Airport.
Well, they should could use some better food joints in the Fort Lauderdale while in Terminal 2 is where I go now, here in Canada.
And Terminal 4 has got like one.
They got one food place and everybody lines up like 600 deep.
What a stupid bunch of asses they are at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport.
What a stupid asses run in that place.
God.
And they've got that Terminal 4.
Talk about not ready for prime time.
They've got 700 different flights out of the same Terminal.
It's about the size of a shoe box.
Don't you hate that?
Yep.
And I'll tell you what else I hate.
And even in Terminal 2 and Fort Lauderdale, there aren't enough seats.
There aren't enough seats.
They've got to flight that seats like 300 people.
And they've got like 60 seats.
And then they've got a whole bunch of seats.
They're like a half a mile away, you know.
But nevertheless, I still think the idea is to if they had good places where you can get fast food and airports.
And then carry it on the plane.
What a great idea.
And say no thanks for that crap food.
You're going to give me even in business class or first class.
Take your crap food and shove it.
God.
I mean, once upon a time way back in the day, I used to get really great food in Allatine in a business class.
And then of course, they damn near went under and they became something else.
And last time I flew them.
Was it last year?
I think I flew allatine.
I'm not really sure.
I don't know.
But it was crapola.
Very mediocre.
You know, either be an airline and fly people from one place to another or be a restaurant.
It's very hard to do both.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You just have a vending machine there at the end of the aisle.
If you want to know.
And in fact, there are times on scare Canada when I'm tempted, you know, in in schlepper class and then coach.
They have a menu in the back of the airline booklet, you know, that they have in front of the seat in front of you.
In the magazine.
And the back of the magazine, they got a bunch of like sub sandwiches and different things you can purchase for an extra two or three, four bucks, whatever.
And I'm almost, I'm tempted.
I mean, I guess I'd feel foolish.
But I'm tempted to say, hey, I'll pass on your meal, whatever you're serving us.
That's included in the $8 million fair.
And I'll get me a sub sandwich.
Even sub boys starting to look pretty good compared to the swirlet they serve on those flights.
You want the chicken or the salmon or the trouser trout or you want the, oh my god.
And the tilapia.
Well, what is with tilapia?
I don't know.
It's just another fish, ain't it?
Yeah, but not all fish are created equal.
No, I know that.
But my whole life I went, I never heard of tilapia and then all of a sudden the last few years, everybody's screaming and there's even a movie about tilapia.
You ever hear about John Dory?
Jim Dory played for the Leafsboy.
He was one hot looking guy.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
That guy will get upset again.
The guy who doesn't listen because the show isn't for him.
But he tolerates fags.
That guy.
Eddie.
Jim says,
John Roberts and how useful the stories on your website turn out to be.
Yet two bad more people don't read them.
I would say the average story that we put on our website, which I'm assuming court is still doing and I'm assuming, we get about 200 reads.
Now that's not very impressive, is it?
No, not really.
Like today, it's time to stop being afraid of the notorious GOP.
99 people are read that so far.
Yesterday, George W. Bush, we will never forget.
That's got 278.
The day before Bush's only gift to America, that's got 205.
The day before Bush supported US attorneys and refused to leave justice to barmer 201.
Was King James Gay, 178.
That was the day before.
Palin, the press and her pregnancy, 228.
That was on January 16.
I mean, if you go back a while, over a period of time, they build up and there's something like, you know, a few hundred.
If you go away back, I mean, once upon a time, oh, here's one.
January of November 11th.
But that's the right after the election, 309, 304.
See, if you go by the accumulates.
But do you think it's really worth putting those bedtime stories on there?
That I can't answer, you know?
I mean, it's a labor of love, obviously.
A labor of love by whom?
To you?
By me?
See, it's one of those things.
It's not my usual.
It's like trying to get your kid to eat nutritious food, as opposed to junk food or crap.
They're not going to eat the nutritious food.
They're not going to eat the nutritious food.
So what's the way to make the suck?
What human restaurant in Miami is good?
Las Vegas?
Oh, in Miami, I don't know.
Las Vegas is all up in Broward, as far as I know.
Oh, well, let's find out from somebody a good Cuban restaurant in Miami.
And it's obviously not Carreta, because Mary and everybody in Brandon, everybody said it sucks.
Brandon is spot on, by the way, about that location.
Spot on, Brandon.
Brandon knows his crab, which he said, Bubba loves fun.
That show his crab, too, is what he said.
Rich, the atheist in Orlando says, Panera bread is a quick casual restaurant that's been very successful.
The largest operator in Florida was a 40-something storm McDonald's operator in Ohio.
It focuses on breads and other starches, which would kill a diabetic.
No thanks.
It's one of the chains that we pour goi in with mystery shop.
The quality is not as good as five guys, but pretty darn good.
Now, wait a minute.
I thought five guys was a burger joint.
Yeah.
So what does that got to do with a bread joint?
I don't know.
Also, I heard your micrineried drop a while back.
Didn't this voice vaguely resemble that of Johnny Most?
The ultimate homemer for the Boston soldier said,
We was robbed.
No, it did not.
He didn't say anything at all like we're Johnny Most.
Says Rich, the atheist in Orlando, is otherwise a good guy, but he don't know his Johnny Most.
We was robbed having a text all about.
He had a raspy, high-pitched voice.
Nothing at all like micrineried.
You want to play that drop again?
I'm getting a little tired of that crap.
I'm getting a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Then that sound just like Johnny Most?
No.
No.
Oh, wait, B-Lock.
Nice going by the Panthers.
Panthers haven't a good season by the way they got a shot at the playoffs.
If they picked up, wait, B-Lock, a real stiff.
I could have told him about that.
And Chad Kilder, who never played a single game there.
But nevertheless, what do I know?
We love the Panthers.
They're doing good.
They haven't a good season.
Nobody cares.
That's a sad part.
I guess there were about 11,000 people there for the Savers game.
The other night and about 3,000 of them were Savers fans.
That's not good.
240 votes on the pool.
They liked my opinion.
And you were somewhat too.
Of course, you're the intellectual guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Here's one about Las Vegas.
Ray says Las Vegas has several soft-load of restaurants including two in Pembroke Pines.
For some reason, the one in East Pines, Paman Pines,
leaves something to be desired.
But the one in West Pines is excellent.
I'm eating Picadillo from there right now, says Ray.
How do you like that?
Picadillo.
Picadillo?
Picadillo.
Yeah.
Picarillo.
Picadillo?
What is Picadillo?
Grombi.
I mean, they put stuff in it like, you know, diced onions and things like that.
Mmm.
That sounds like it's right up my alley, Sally.
Grombi with onions and maybe shrooms too would be good.
Sounds better than those crappy Mexican meals I had was forceful.
Oh, sorry about that.
You know, you got me curious now about real Mexican food.
Well, just because that family happens to be rising cooks doesn't mean many people.
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm thinking.
I would like a second opinion.
I mean, I was already told by Paco that mama, mama,
mama Sita couldn't cook her way out of her paper set.
That sounds like my mom.
Now, my mom in her earlier days, the first 400 years of her life, she was a pretty good cook.
She could cook up like stuffed cabbage and meatloaf and, I mean, really good stuff.
And pinwheel cookies.
Did your mom ever make pinwheel cookies?
My mom never made anything that you could choke down.
Dogs turn their nose up at anything, my mother.
Really?
But you know what pinwheel cookies are?
Yeah, that's going to my mom bait something.
What a ridiculous notion.
And also a toll house cookie she used to call them, which don't we call those chocolate chip cookies?
But she called them toll house cookies.
Yeah, I don't know what the distinction is, but yes.
Well, there must be a distinction.
Anyway, this, Jim says, I was on Google trying to remind myself of John Roberts' involvement in the 2000s stolen election.
One of the top links that came up with this article in the news archives on neo-rojers.com.
Our Mark Caputo.
Supreme Court nominee John Roberts had a larger 2000 recon role than previously reported.
And it goes on about how they recruited him to come in and help them fix the election.
Ted Cruz, domestic policy advisor for President Bush and was now a Texas solicitor general.
Said Roberts was one of the first names he thought of while he in another attorney drafted the Republican legal dream team of litigation lines.
800 pound gorillas, which ultimately consisted of 400 attorneys in Florida.
Who came down and knocked on the doors.
Why not say and let and help fix the 2000 election and are responsible able to be on death row.
For the 4200 dead American soldiers and hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis.
Now the other dead people as well.
Who died in that fake war fake rac attack.
So I bet you were going to get like lots of hope.
Maybe we won't.
Oh, here's what about Talapea.
There was a segment on discoveries dirty jobs that made me swear off Talapea.
Fish farms that raised trout used to lap you to consume the poop that the trout produced.
Then they sell the Talapea for human consumption.
Of course, we if we knew how all food was produced, the only thing we wanted to chew on was the end of a gun barrel.
Kid says Nick. Thanks Nick. Good point.
Next got a point.
Neil the best airline and best food by far is Swiss trites.
They fly to Miami, but probably not Toronto.
Also the terminal Miami that air Canada flies from is magnificent.
I'll let's stick with four Lottardale. Thank you.
Oh, Jimmy Dorsky is back with a tell the food.
Now that chipotle is owned by McDonald's.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing so far.
I guess Jimmy has now that new anus burger with bacon and cheddar.
I had one a couple days ago. It's damn good. I like it.
I like it a lot.
The fake Larry King is back. Mike Winnery was a good guy, but he sounded like a Yahoo.
I loved when he had Roger pull the plug.
What does that mean?
I don't know. Doesn't sound like Roger pulled the plug on what his pacemaker he didn't have on.
That rich had a pacemaker and guess what?
He died. That's correct.
Neil Rogers.
I.
My fellow Americans, this is your outgoing president.
I know many of you saw the footage of me dodging shoes thrown at me in Iraq.
And some of you were worried about my safety.
By some of you, I mean my family except for Jim.
He's always been jealous of me.
Well, I want you to know that wasn't really an attack.
It was a promotional stunt for my new job.
That's right, America. After I leave office.
George W. Bush will be the new assistant manager at footballer, Channel Demole.
Where right now, knockies are 10% off just in time for Christmas.
God bless America.
God bless the footwear industry. Good night, everybody.
God bless the fact that he's gone. He got in that chopper and away they went.
Including Mama Bush and Poppabush and Miguel says last,
cool up, aren't you?
I'm just cool up arenas and cooking a grove is an excellent Cuban restaurant.
Never heard of it. Of course, cool up arenas.
Not a good to grow as much as I used to.
Why not?
And because it's in Dave County.
That might be.
Oh.
See, I get all kinds of crap because I don't go to Dave County when I'm in town.
Too bad.
I don't want to.
I used to live in Dave County.
I lived in high Alia, highly gardens.
No, is it high?
Miami?
What, whatever the hell it was?
I don't know.
And I lived in Kendall for a long time, long time up and down on 17th Ave.
From Kendall Drive to Sunset, air just about every complex in between.
And then I said to myself, I don't think this is for me anymore.
And I moved to Broward and never looked back.
We used to do some appearances in Dave County, remember those days?
Yep.
Like in, where do we go?
Like peaches?
Sure.
Specs, places like that that are running out of business.
Cutler Ridge.
Remember Cutler Ridge?
Oh, yeah.
That mall.
But that's a long time ago.
You know, we got changing demographics.
No, say, Abla in Glace, Aki.
Okay.
So.
And of course, in your case, what's your excuse?
I don't like it.
I don't want to.
You don't like one, Dave County?
Correct.
As a rule, I mean, there are places in there.
But I mean, one reason, only one reason.
I need no more reasons, the traffic.
I hate driving south of the border.
The traffic, the freaking traffic in this county.
And I'm the traffic in Broward is a picnic.
You want to drive here one day?
You want to drive here one time, one day for about a half an hour?
Sure.
One day.
You would kiss the ground.
You would get out of your car down there and you'd kiss the ground.
By the way, speaking of car, how's your new car coming?
Huh?
I got a couple of cars coming in.
Johnny Jo Belzgan for you.
One.
I'm holding my breath.
There are people talking to people.
But people talking to people.
Go ahead, lot.
We're kind of crap.
You're going to sit back and accept that?
Oh.
You want to go up to that Eisenberg and kick my honor.
His nuts should be.
And to say, hey, listen, how's the car coming?
Goofball.
Bob Eisenberg.
Boy, if that's your best hope, all I can say to you is good luck.
Well, good luck, sir.
Thanks.
Jimmy D is backing in about Panera bread.
No one said the food wasn't good, but there's a moronic segment of the population
that thinks their food is somehow better for you than burgers and fries.
Also free Wi-Fi is never a real bonus for any kind of food establishment.
It just gives poser debags and excuse to bring their laptops somewhere public so they can try and look cool.
If you go out to eat, leave your video games and donkey on child porn at home.
Are you working on some kind of dissertation for graduate school?
Are you writing another best seller?
No, you're just loving a fantasy and a fantasy land where the cute girl at the table across from you thinks you're a cool guy
and hasn't noticed your laptop battery died 20 minutes ago.
Why do we need a panini that has more calories than a double-wapper with extra cheese and mayo?
Get a life and check your spam email at home.
Sorry, Neil, I'm a little worked up today.
P.S. tell the food's not that Chipotle is owned by McDonald's.
And so on by McDonald's, I don't see anything wrong with that though.
No.
Well, what you're saying is that snob think that a place where the fancier name is like, you know, is like that.
I think it's what's required of you at this moment.
It's the mark of your commitment to public service.
But the American people deserve more than simply an assurance that those who are coming to Washington will serve their interests.
They also deserve to know that there are rules on the books to keep it that way.
They deserve a government that is truly of by and for the people.
Well, we're waiting for that. Let's invent one.
That was up 77 points and that's the X-Up 17.
The S&P is up, Neil. It's up nine points.
I wonder where it happened to that guy. I hope he lost his ass.
Remember that the S&P is up.
Right.
Boy, too bad we are going to take any calls today.
Why not?
Because I don't want to.
Or do you mean why not? It's too bad.
Because they're going to suck and it's going to be the same this fits.
I'll wait a couple of years.
We got five years to go.
I'll wait a couple of years and maybe somebody will like go off them.
Maybe somebody will find them and dispose of them.
And we can go back to like, you know, the near Roger show.
I doubt that's going to ever going to happen.
Oh, it's you, Neil. You went to Toronto.
And that's when you started your decline.
Yeah, right. Blow it out your ass.
All these mavens, all these radio experts.
What time is their show on, by the way?
All these people have got such great concept of what's great to hear.
Oh, the Canadian Luny's 7902.
It's on the verge of going under 79 cent.
That would be great. Go down about 40 cent would be good.
That would be great.
Then I'd feel like wealthy again.
248 votes on your poll.
We can we can get to 300 maybe.
I don't know. You care?
Nope.
I know.
Simple.
That's why they're not getting you that car.
You don't care. That's it.
If you cared enough.
Richard Landau says, okay, Johnny Moe sounds like micrinary with a three-packed A habit.
Renewer used to change smoke too, didn't he?
Yes.
And drink a lot.
And then he died.
His death was just shocking to me.
I mean, I don't know about you, but when you don't even know that somebody is really sick.
Right.
And then all of a sudden one day says, oh, by the way, Renewer, he croaked.
I mean, Jesus, God, right.
But.
And then they remember they had just signed them to a new contract.
And they can't his ass that I would end.
And they had a pain for a year for not working.
I love when it happens like with Paxton and me.
It was great.
Don't you love getting paid not to work?
You never had that luxury.
Did you know I had it?
I see.
Well, we're starting to get a little bit input now on on Cuban food, including Brandon, who's just, wow.
That's good.
Kill some good time.
We got 38 minutes to go.
Not that I'm counting.
I'm turning this show today seems like about 20 hours to me.
Really?
You remember this morning, I don't want to go into it on the year, but I had like a little traumatic episode this morning when I went downstairs.
And ever since then, those kinds of things, I'm just the kind of person I'm like, you know, drama queen.
Mama, like I told you yesterday.
Is that what that means?
You what?
Is that what that means?
Yes.
Drama queen.
Because that's not what it means literally.
Well, I know what it means literally.
Jesus, give me a little bit of credit for crying out loud.
What's wrong with old black mama?
Here you go.
Nothing.
Is there something wrong with black mama?
Not that I know.
It's good enough for your retra.
I still can't believe the way she's saying that thing yesterday.
That was.
Rich and Orlando comes back and wants to debate this thing about Johnny most.
He says, okay, Johnny most sounds like we're near with a three day pack habit.
The difference is one octave and some gravel.
First of all, he doesn't sound like anything.
Well, they're both dead.
So I guess they both sound the same now silent.
Chipotle is not owned by McDonald's, but was spun off by McDonald's.
It stuck was a kick ass wonder until the market crashed.
Again, the carbs would kill the diabetic.
Try the soup at panero, especially the chicken and wild rice.
You'll be in hog heaven.
I never heard of it.
I don't know where it is.
And it sure is hell isn't here.
We have quite a few Mexican restaurants here.
No Cuban restaurants that I know of though.
No.
I wonder what that is.
No Cuban?
That could be it.
Chuck and Chicago says Chipotle is great if you're a pig who wants the stuff you're face with a pile of rice and crap.
The meat is marginal at best.
You want a burrito?
The tortilla, tortilla alone has 44 carbs.
The rice they threw in has another two carbs.
Maybe there's more than two.
Maybe it's chopped off there in the right hand margin.
Panera's a bakery.
They sell sandwiches, salads, and soups.
The soups are pretty good.
Now let me ask you.
Do you say soup?
Do you say soup?
Soup?
Is it a collective noun?
Wait a minute.
If it's different kinds of soup, then you have to say soups.
Same thing with fishes and deer's.
How about cheeses?
That too.
Cheeses, Christ.
Almighty.
Chuck says I fly American Airlines a lot.
Yeah, American.
They're not too bad out of Chicago.
In all honesty, the only times I really have problems with them is when I have to go through Miami.
I fly them a good bunch and frequently I'm in first class.
I have many times passed on the meal.
I've heard requested the cheese in Salami since I could buy in coach.
Okay, I'm going to do it.
I'm going to get that magazine out when I sit my ass down next time on Scare Canada.
I'll come down there.
And I'm going to order some snack food from the back.
Snack from the back.
All right.
And pay for it.
I mean, if you can afford to pay 80 zillion dollars to fly a round trip to a four-loader deal,
you can afford to pay four or five six bucks for like something you want to eat.
As opposed to the, you want to stake the chicken or the tilapia or the round snails
that are still moving around in the plate.
Oh, God.
What mung?
A warning, Chef Francisco de Pupu is creating the food for Scare Canada this year.
Yeah.
I say throw them out.
Open the door and throw them out.
Brandon says there's a chipotle on.
I was a chipotle or chipotle.
I don't know how you say it.
Well, he's spilling it wrong.
There's a chipotle on pines and hiatus and new home depot shopping center.
And here's something George might like to give free food away a lot.
Wow.
For Halloween, you get free burritos.
Just have a piece of foil wrapped around your wrist.
Woo.
Basically, what it is you go in and has three menus.
The first is your meat, second is your rice, and third is the topping.
And you pick one from each and that's how you build your burrito.
Careful though, because some of their stuff is real spicy.
Oh, yeah.
The Latino is like it's spicy and the food too.
Latin American grill and pepper pines sometimes has really good Cuban food.
Have to catch them on a good day.
But Las Vegas certainly is the tops and there are a few locations in date.
When I can't make it to the one in Hollywood, I'll celebrate in the two locations in the pines.
But there's something about the original one in Hollywood way above anything.
Now the parking situation there is a little bit crappy, but it's a small price to pay for Las Vegas.
Maybe Bob Lincoln stands outside and sings Viva osue.
I hope you like it.
Anybody have a hard or a liver?
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
I am an angry Cuban man with a lot of cuisine.
In a Spanish dialect that no one can translate.
I call it a phrase.
or dogs chose to change the world my way but I said in Cuban baby talk baby talks what I'm
using I see things wrapped all day on the palm of expressway the cars not go so I use
myself for to call my favorite favorite talk goes and I say I'm a 40 year old man you may find
that hard to believe my broke in English is so bad I sound like a baby would just the same
I make demands that you are crazy with me and understand my human baby talk I'm using
do
like
bad yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and yeah it's 2 year old
and the thing that convinces me that we have no Cuban listeners on this show, maybe one or two,
is the fact that, you know, somebody asks, we're working to get really good Cuban food in
Dave County and we get like nothing. Oh, as opposed to when you ask another question,
you get something? No. So you say that, I know you're doing it to be facetious because
every time we have an appearance and every time it goes somewhere, you get all these people saying,
I'm Cuban, I'm a listener, Cuban listener, they really continuously listen to you. No, you refuse.
You love it because of your hatred, your seething bigotry. What? You refuse to acknowledge that
a huge chunk of the audience is Cuban. You take these poles, you see it on the poles all the time,
but you just want to rip and rip. So go ahead. A huge percentage of you. What the hell are you
talking about? A huge percentage of the audience is Cuban. Everyone would love to live
and let's check out the diaries. Okay. When you see Clarence next time, I have a million
of the over 50, 60 year old crowd. You know, you like the chicken pig. Why? Oh, cherry pig. I'm sorry.
Jim from Chicago or Trevor, whatever his name is, Trevor says, I'm from Chicago where they have
the best steak burritos in the world and I miss them. Does anybody out there know we can get a good
steak burrito in South Florida? Thanks, Rachel Jones is for a burrito Trevor. Well, there's the question
anybody know where you can get a good steak burrito in South Florida? That's a good question. Oh,
what a steak burrito sounds good. Does sound good. Would like onions and stuff and like squeeze
cheese. I still miss that clucker, Viva. In fact, on sunset, is it on sunset in Kendall? Yes,
there's a strip shopping mall where there used to be Godfather's. I think it was the first God
Fathers in town. And they're also on the other side of the little strip shopping mall across from
it was Taco Viva. Okay. Where they had a great taco is with a great real real good meat and
squeeze cheese. I barely remember them. How many years since they've been in business? 100. Wow.
It was damn good. And yeah, it was better than Taco Smell. It was. I remember that much. So,
as a wolves man, wolves was a great fast food joy. I'm a great burger joy with the best onion rings
I've ever seen in my life. I tell you who's got really great onion rings is Ruth Chris. Yeah.
Did you know that? No, I didn't. Well, next time somebody takes you there for a great meal. That's
important. Anything. Well, Miguel says if you've eaten Thai food in Toronto, which I have not,
have you had the green mango salad? They don't have it in any Thai restaurant south food. If you
haven't had to give it a try, no, I don't like mango. I like mango. And I don't, I hate guacamole. Oh,
geez. I ain't crazy about Thai food. You're not? But coconut and peanuts and like almost everything.
The very few Thai dishes that can handle Dorothy M just buzzed me here. I'm like, it's by healthy,
be healthy using authentic drugs from licensed pharmacy. Go to hell, Dorothy. Quit buzzing my
crackberry. I'm so sick and tired these days. There needs to be a law. Okay. I thought there was a law.
But they got to stop spanning us with this crap. You don't think so? Mm-hmm. You get a lot of it?
Lots. See you. Alice and Viagra. Boy, you talk about barking up the wrong tree.
Dan says just had a pack of cat six packet castle burger. So Wayne is, I was leaving as good as it
gets. Wayne Arles is open again. 125th and Northwest 7th at 441. Wayne is open after a long time down
after that fire. 261 votes on the poll. 150 agree with May 65. I agree with you.
And everybody else says we're both full of crap. The sets is I'm a Cuban American girl born and raised
in Miami now living in Palm Beach. My favorite Cuban restaurant is Casa Romo off 67th Avenue.
It has great food and affordable price. I love the show. What lady? What? 67th and what?
Well, I don't know. It's just on the 67th Avenue. Maybe the Palm Meadow.
What? Maybe? And maybe not. Come on. Let's say we want to learn a lot more detail. Exactly.
Casa ROMEA. I guess I could Google it. Casa Romo. Although I don't get in that.
Jimmy D says Baja Cafe for the Esteec Rito in a discussion. He doesn't tell us where it is though.
Baja Cafe. He says. Okay. Caesar says I was just ordering a neatly burger at other food when
Mr. Arnold pulls up. We talked for a few minutes about him rebuilding the restaurant. How he's
listening since Zeta like me. He was a pleasure to talk to. By the way, I work with a fan your local
critic. I think he misses you since he got banned. Anyway, have a great day and the food was excellent.
He works with a fan. Remember that idiot? Yeah. Called in that day just about how to stroke. He pulled
a tent Kennedy right on the air. It sees you around the air. You don't let anybody talk with his
and just it just lost it on the phone. So you people that continue writing Costa. I'm not interested.
You know, I mean, you don't have to kiss my ass. That's not a prerequisite for calling or
sending an email. But my God, if you just want to send a bunch of Costa crap, I'm not interested.
Everybody's life is full of enough Costa crap without getting it from strangers. God.
Brandon says Baja Fresh Express has got great steak for Rito's. There's one in four
Saturday on US one right off of Broward Boulevard. Great. See you least breaking Brandon right. He gives us a location.
No, that was you. I heard that mean. Sorry. Maybe that's Mary Johnson with some pills for your
Johnson. Okay. Here's a pull suggestion from Brandon. When it comes to food, I'd rather do more
quantity over quality, more quality over quantity. I'm 50, 50. It's all food who cares. Yeah, I'll keep
that in my pile for a while. Oh, Jimmy, do you give it a rest, Jimmy? I know you're all worked
up today, but give it a rest. God. So what did we find out? Is there a good place for a
to-leaf us? Oh, Baja for the steak, Brito's. Yeah. That does sound good. Taco Viva. And all these people
who keep criticizing those of us old farts like me, and probably you, there's some extent,
about how there used to be all these great places and there aren't any more. What's true? Right,
they'll see. I mean, you can go to the Hess gas station and you know, that's that make believe
Godfather stuff, but they ain't nothing like the original Godfather. That one with Javier.
When that's something that was like, that was like almost 30 years ago. I'm thinking 1980,
a WS news that he came into the station and they bought spots and I helped to put them on a map
and the audio. Back in those days, I used to put a lot of people on the map, the Bokehburgers
and then in Jerry's and all kinds of stuff. Snapple. But then I came to QAM where, oh, what you
don't do a sports show? We can't be bothered with that Rogers. He's just a troublemaker and that
little spick sidekick of his. Yep. I'm sorry. I said that word again. Yeah, there you go. Then I'll
just say, he'll be sending another and wherever Horton. He'll be sending another email. Oh, I heard
you use that word. Yeah, I'll screw you. It's okay if I say Faggot, but if I use some other word,
and again, whatever happened to something called Sensei Humor, which obviously that guy isn't
to have. See, people that want to be offended, they pretend they have no sensei Humor. They know
you're saying something is a joke. They know there's not a chance in a million you would say it
seriously, but oh, I heard him say this. I asked, screw you. Screw off any. David's a bitch.
Yes. It's been rough on my attention that the
narrating said, Diane, and how? Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say that I was
to your hand. How? You get quite somebody good enough to fill my biggy pants?
It ain't easy.
Don't, don't, don't, don't. Very no, Jax. I love it. Be coming back.
How tight are you considering a little word of the indirect?
If you want to know, and I'll save you if I'm shutting that transmitted to the
audience, I'm not. Which radio has everybody doing the biggest ever was?
And we did.
Yeah.
All you need is now. Now, we do. All you need is now.
You can move on. You can move on. All you need is a show.
And you can go on.
Why, for all?
Oh, here's somebody that says Taco Vivo is the Schmitz.
You're right. In fact, it would give you the Schmitz, too.
It says the El Scorcho sauce was great.
You can't hold a candle to the place called Lime Fresh Mexican Grill.
Do you ever hear of it?
No.
Two locations north Miami Beach and Pemberg Gardens Mall.
The steak burritos and the fajitas blow away Chipotle.
Listening since 87 Rob and South Miami.
Thanks Rob. How do you like that?
And Brandon is back again.
You get food going and Brandon just all over the place.
What I would like to see more of itself.
Food is barbecue food. He says, oh, that's why they built a metro rail.
Everybody go to what's the name of that place?
Shorties.
Shorties ribs.
Shorties barbecue.
Personally, I don't like barbecue.
How do you like that?
Okay.
If I never had it again, it would be too soon.
Well, I like it. I'll have your pork.
There are a couple of places where the food is all right,
but nothing that makes you weak in the knees.
I want a good place to have some nice pulled pork or barbecue brisket
and of course ribs hard to find here.
I got to go to North Carolina.
He gets some good pulled pork.
Pulled pork.
Yeah.
Smoking on the lines about that.
But I won't say them.
It's heavenly.
And believe me, I'm sure Brandon knows about that.
Lissette emails back.
Well, it must be a banner day today.
People are actually responding to what we were talking about.
Write it down.
Lissette says, tell George Casa Romo,
rhymes with Homo, is located at 67th Avenue,
Miami Gardens Drive.
Oh, thanks, Lissette.
Thank you.
And that's right where I was thinking.
That's not that far, actually.
Isn't that off the Palmeiro?
Well, it's sitting.
Now, when 67th Avenue is what?
Is that Love the Maraud?
Yes, it is.
Very good.
Well, I'm very good because I worked there for 100 years at WS News.
Right.
At both clauses and runs parallel to the Palmeiro.
So right.
Boy, there used to be some good restaurants in that.
In the woods, what was the great Chinese restaurant?
I don't know.
There was on Dixie Highway in Love the Maraud.
Canton.
Canton, Canton.
Was at it?
They have several locations.
And there was a, not Tony Romans.
What was the other Bobby Robino's there, I think?
And a great Chinese join in there,
which I can't remember.
I just got through saying Canton, Canton.
I just said it.
See, you're losing it, old man.
That's right.
And I really don't care.
Good.
I get home every day.
I find my way home from Woodbine.
I drive just fine.
Yeah, I walk around.
I get from the back of the studio.
I don't have no locker.
Yeah, tennis balls on the end.
That's what made me feel so good watching old man Bush.
And Cheney there in the wheelchair.
Oh, he heard his back movie.
Yeah, he heard his back.
The Lord is Lord is smiting his ass
for all the people that he and Bush and Cheney,
whatever their name is, Bushard.
See, you're losing it.
Oh, well, I just want to give these people an opportunity
to send their hateful email.
Oh, you keep repeating yourself and you read that one email
about Toronto.
Okay, good.
Who cares?
Let's go to where they work.
Let's follow them around all day.
Let's go.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Here, here, I'm glad you said he must be psychic.
This is the same emailer that sent the cost of crap before about.
How I read the,
since I moved to Toronto, that's when the show lost it said,
this is the same jackass.
I guess they think that if they use a phone number,
I will recognize what the phone number is.
I won't recognize it.
Reason that you talk about how there used to be all these great restaurants
and there aren't any longer is because you haven't tried anything new in 10 years,
except maybe for cheesecake, Lux, of course.
So here's a guy that follows me around all day.
He knows all the places where I eat the restaurants and the food and yada full of crap.
In addition to which I bet you this guy hasn't had the the
Inus Burger with Bacon and Cheddar because he can't get it there.
I haven't tried anything new in 10 years.
Oh my God.
The food that I've consumed to maintain this girth,
you've got to be schmitten me man.
Yeah.
Really?
You've got to try new things.
279 votes on the poll.
We're not going to make 300 voters shame.
Fat Chris would be disappointed, but you know what?
Too bad.
He doesn't care about us.
All that time that he was on the show for like how long two years?
Okay.
Brandon's back again.
Calm down Brandon, but thanks for all the good stuff.
I can't believe nobody mentioned Versailles in Little Havana.
It doesn't get any more Cuban than that.
You hear Versailles?
I've been there with all due respect.
It's a shame to find it.
It's the Joe Stone crabs of Cuban.
Wow.
Yeah.
Very famous.
Very famous.
Joe Stone crabs.
Highly famous.
I was very underwhelmed.
It's no Las Vegas, how's that?
So Las Vegas is a place to go.
That's the place.
I'll take you there.
You'll take me there.
Gently and I'll tell you what to order.
I can go to La Carreta if I wanted to go there.
They might skip it.
Skip it.
Now some restaurants, I mean,
some airports have really good restaurants in them.
But not Miami or Fort Lauderdale.
I don't think.
I would every now and then you'll find a restaurant.
I mean, airport with like Pearson Airport in Toronto.
Crapie food inside.
Oh my god.
Crapo.
Here's an article by Chuck Strauss.
I would be nice if I could see where this was from.
Somebody sent this to me.
Mama B who sends me a lot of good stuff.
Is this from the herald?
Is this from something?
Royal Castle returns.
A Miami landmark.
Mason come back.
It says you know the tiny hamburger.
Some other woodenions who dreamed about after well.
A little glowing preparation.
The one you could buy anywhere in date county from the 1950s till 1977.
Arnels, Royal Castle.
The tiny restaurant on the corner north west of
Avenue and 124th Street, North Miami.
Quietly open January 1 for the first time since the fire.
Go to the place three and a half years ago.
Three and a half years.
Wow.
There were 900 for customers in opening.
They it's doing more business than ever before said owner rain.
Arle unbelievable is what he said.
Un-
Unbelievable.
Arneald now 70 years old and living in Davy went to work for Royal Castle back in 1961
when the burger that cost 99 cents went for 15 pennies.
The company moved him around the South till burger chef bought it in 73
and then declared bankruptcy four years later.
He was fired.
Arneald bought the North Miami place in 1980.
We opened it in 82 for next 23 years.
It was open 24 seven.
It burned in late 2005 after a storage.
Door fire.
Storage room fire.
Whatever it says now everything's new except the floor.
Arneald said the menu is the same except for the chicken wings.
Birch beer that once once went for seven cents a glass now goes for a buck.
But that's with all the refills you can get Arnold notes.
A buck something I think.
Well, it's chopped off.
You know how that goes.
Of course trouble still looms.
There's only one other Royal Castle in Miami date at North West 79th Street
and 27th Avenue.
I don't know if they even have the rights that the name manager LeVern Wright says.
We have a long history here.
Trouble still looms.
Well, what does that mean?
Trouble still looms.
I don't know.
The fact that there's that other one that that's also been there for a long time.
And we don't talk about it because we're friends with Wayne.
Yeah, it's not in Wayne.
Bring you any food that you can pay for.
No.
Did I email you that that that facts you that thing?
Oh, you sent me a facts earlier by the way.
Turned out to be a blank page.
Huh.
Was it anything important?
Was it for me?
Yeah, it was said had your name on top.
Huh.
I don't remember.
It was from there.
It was from La Rada, Ua Stasion.
That's not been anything important.
Maybe it was all about that new car that got you.
That must have been it.
Okay, I don't want to start up.
But was this another five minute break?
I guess so.
There's a promo there.
There's a one that was a promo that wasn't on the log.
It's okay if we go over.
They go don't care.
No, we're not going to go over.
We're going to go under whatever.
And maybe the big old can sure that one one with us.
Go over, go under.
Inside.
Sure.
Outside.
Neon.
God.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pia land.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter
hovering 50 feet off the ground.
I'm a 44 year old wife, mother and future grandmother
of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser.
And I'm here today to tell you folks about me.
You perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pianocostal perfume.
Wana gala gala.
Naga badala gala.
Fadala gala gala.
Neom after the religious practice, I no longer associate myself with
due to its controversial nature.
Pianocostal perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue.
It's perfect for all occasions.
Whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the
nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it.
This is a fragrance for all you gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pia land and I approve this fragrance.
Raga.
Naga.
Naga.
Fadala.
Naga.
Raga.
Hello.
Hello.
Bye bye bye.
