But we are out of time. Neil Rogers is coming up next.
Have a great day everybody.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
And do not reflect those of the music.
And the following program and one after that boy, I got the crud man.
New day, New Year's Eve.
That was on 327.
QAM, Miami, 411.
Wow, where'd that come from?
What the hell is that?
A screech.
560 WQAM.
I'm Bruce Sass three.
Neil Rogers show.
To talk to Neil.
Dial 567.
Now tell you all the emails, man.
We got number of 10 minutes today.
Then we go back to bed.
Call toll three.
We have nothing.
777-785.
Neil.
We've been abandoned.
We're like sexual.
We're 80 and T.
And Verizon.
We know what I mean.
The audience expressed by Neil.
His guests, their solidies.
Do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers show on 560 WQAM.
You know in P.A.
Y. S.
U. C. A. S.
This portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears,
the J.J.
It's hanging out, y'all.
Yeah, put it back in.
10-1 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
How can I say happy Monday?
I got this nasty cold.
I was starting to get it on Friday.
And then I got it.
You know, you get to that point where you're like right
any age and you're not sure if you're going to get it
or you're not going to get it.
You're going to like dodge the bullet, so to speak.
I didn't dodge it.
I got it.
All right.
And if I would have had any brains at a sent you a message
this morning around 815 and said,
Hey, guess what?
I'm sicker to a dog and you do the show, please.
But you didn't.
I didn't do it.
True.
No, because I'm a real trooper, man.
I don't want to like, you know, be a party pooper.
So I act like a trooper.
That one horse, by the way, in the second race on Friday.
I have seldom seen such a gagging, puking pig.
But Nick Zito was training.
You can't disarm.
I was riding.
They could have been pulling him with a tractor.
And he still wouldn't have been anywhere near.
When he got to the top of the stretch,
he was I looked at the chart.
He was second by a nose at the top of the stretch.
And I thought, but we're going to really shot.
Yeah.
He stopped.
He looked down the stretch and stopped
like he ran into a brick wall.
And finished last by from here to Venus.
Well, judging from the crowd reaction,
a lot of other people had him to.
Well, screw him.
Scrum.
Piece of turd.
Went from water cheering to a lot of, ah, really?
Yeah.
We might have to be careful about that open mic
in that situation.
I might have to press my mute button during races.
Are you really?
Oh, yeah.
Why?
Are you really thinking about that?
Next close to people that are like,
they're all around.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Oh, well, all about us.
I personally, I mean, I enjoy those shows.
You make a few extra bucks, but.
Or lose a few extra bucks.
It doesn't matter.
But I think, I don't know, the first racing thing.
Money, I hope I didn't.
gigantic tune out.
I beg your pardon?
I got the beast's money.
His $8.40.
Is that what it is?
That's what we want.
For 20.
Well, that's not bad.
We got almost half his money back.
I can get some good entertainment.
That, that nag stopped to a walk.
No, seriously.
Did you see where he was when he was finished?
No, I just had the little monitor there.
He was like 50 likes behind the field.
That's a big brown in the abelmont.
Jesus, God.
But anyway, you can't win them all.
I tried my best for you.
I know you did.
Well, we got some couple of dead people.
That's about it.
And I don't know what's going on with the emails.
So all week in long, all week in long, death,
valley days, nothing.
Well, maybe they were busy.
Maybe they were at that thing you were at.
What was it called?
Ultra music festival.
Not an ultra hot people.
They're going to George.
Yeah, they could people running around with hot bodies.
Oh, yeah.
The things.
Oh, yeah.
What a great demographic, too.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Living and breathing people.
Living and breathing people.
They're all the same color.
Me and I, out looking at expresses like frozen or something.
I don't think so, though.
I thought I had some crap, you know, maybe daily report.
Grab that Robert Goldman that idiot.
What is wrong with that man?
He's a professional Israeli.
He's an Israel.
What do you want?
You know, he's in his really military soldier.
God, one thing to be a Zionist.
How does that mean to be a crazy person?
Well, here's the poll today.
What happened to the poll from Friday?
I never printed it out.
View previous.
Here we go.
Who is the most self hating Jew of all time?
832 votes.
Jew Lieberman wins a glans lie.
I'm not just a Jeweling idiot.
Michael Savage 88, Jackie Mason 73, Ben Stein 69,
Roy Cohen 62.
I'm thinking next to Hitler and Mussolini.
He may have been one of the most despicable people
ever was born Roy Cohen.
What a stirred poll.
Wolfowitz 39, Ari Fleischer 37, Bernard Goldberg 35.
Well, the media is liberal.
The liberal media.
You're a crazy person, Bernie.
Alan Comes 31 Ron silver 27.
Well, I got a great email about that.
You'll, you'll get a chuckle out of this about Ron silver.
From Michael Friedman.
Neil, I think Ron silver is dead.
I think Abe Lunkin's dead too.
He was a liberal at one time that he went over to the dark side.
Even his roles on TV turned from liberal to neo-conner stream a few years ago
when he drank the cool aid for Bush and Cheney.
He hated himself to death.
A lawyer luster since before the day today is Michael Friedman.
Well, thanks, Michael, but you know, we're onto it.
I think he's dead.
Yeah, he is dead.
He's still dead.
That's the good news.
Ron silver 27 votes.
Mark Levin 70.
Robert Griefer, the grim reaper to Lord of the board 17.
Richard Pearl 14, Ben Ginsburg 11,
Mort's Zuckerman 6 and David from six David from
Chanel 600, but they don't know who that is.
Boys, he just there.
There's nothing coming in there at all on the email.
I think it's broken.
It's a broken.
That's a good excuse.
Sure.
Send me a test.
OK.
I'm I'm smelling you man.
There's nothing on.
It is a few, you know, polls, few old polls.
Very jackass.
Tanner concerned about the PPM data that that's from ages ago.
Now they're coming because something salon newsletter just got deleted.
They're coming in, but there's nothing from you folks.
So this must be a real, real quiet, deadly time.
So let me blow my nose.
Now I'm just going to do a real slow show.
I'm going to mail it in slowly.
OK.
Wow.
Oh, it's Monday anyway.
Well, I have no energy because I got this damn cold.
Right.
What's your zone?
I don't have any.
And if I told the audience that I ate my friend John from Florida came up
over the weekend and we ate it red lobster, not once, but twice.
Wow.
Oh, it's wrong with you.
You're such a jerk.
You have this bad taste.
It was great.
And let me tell you the second time we had a saved a little bit of room for the dessert
for that chocolate wave.
Oh my God.
That is so decadent.
It will kill you.
We got to big ol' at two.
We got mad dog at what?
Mad dog at BUC.
What does that say for the McDonald's all American game gymfest?
Well, what the hell is that?
What is BUC?
Buck.
Oh, I'm going to go out and ask somebody.
Dolphin tonight, seven o'clock at the end of the day, eight to eleven.
That's our schedule today.
Maybe somebody will tell me what BUC is.
I know what FU is, but BUC.
Speaking of mandates, they had a thing on the NFL network over the weekend.
The 10 NFL coaches who should have stuck to college the worst.
And they kept getting his comments on Nick Sabin.
Anyway, it was funny.
He's funny as hell, mad dog.
I don't know what happened.
His number is into his audience and what happened to his show, but he's a real hoot.
He's one of our kind, one of the billion.
But I think they destroyed his show with Ira Windbag and all these stupid guests they put
on there.
They'll not destroy anything.
There is nothing that they cannot destroy.
That show, manage, I mean, you name it.
They're good at that.
At least they're good at something.
That's their area of expertise is destroying careers, shows, radio stations.
Joe and clearance, man, what a team.
And of course Joyce.
Well, speaking of Nick Sabin, Lou Sabin is dead.
You're not even going to shed a little tear, ain't that?
Who?
Lou Sabin, the well-traveled coach whose NFL and college career span five decades and
dozens of jobs died.
He was 87.
Sabin died around 4 a.m.
Sunday.
This home his wife Joyce said.
He had heart problems for years recently suffered a fall that required hospitalization.
What do I always tell you?
You hear it?
You hear the sirens?
Yep.
Bank United Center, by the way.
Two ladies dead.
Bank United Center.
Buck.
I'm supposed to know that.
Well somebody had to tell me so don't feel bad.
What is that?
The Bank United Center.
Is that the Amicchi Arena or is that the U.M. Arena?
I don't know what's one of those.
It's one of the 800 arenas we got.
Let's build another arena.
I mean we got that new stadium going up in a couple years.
Let's build another arena just for the hell of it.
Sabin played football at Indiana University and for the Cleveland Browns of the NFL before
embarking on an unmatched head coaching career that occluded stops with the Boston
Patriots of the old AFL, the Buffalo Beals, then Vibrancos along with college jobs at Miami
Army, Northwestern, Maryland.
He was also president of the New York Yankees from 81 82 and coach high school football,
87 89.
Wow.
Yankees, principal owner, George Steinbrinner, mourned the passing of his friend and mentor
in a statement of release Sunday.
My friendship with Lugo is back to 1948 when we were both involved in the Youth Track and
Field Program in Cleveland.
He's been my friend and mentor for over 50 years and one of the people who helped shape
my life.
Yada, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he's dead.
Lou Sabin is dead.
Yes, who else is dead?
Somebody may remember, maybe not all.
I'll save it for after the break.
We got to really space things out today.
Do you send me a test?
I did.
Well, let's see if I got it.
Oh, I got some stuff on there.
Oh, the beast tells me the back United Center on the, oh, it's the arena.
That's what I thought on the UM campus.
Oh, Dr. Xavier Alokkencub, we really need that.
Yeah, because there's so much interest in UM basketball, not as in none.
But let's build a arena anyway.
Right.
George Rodriguez test.
Ease.
Okay.
Ease.
Paul Thompson tells me back United Center.
That's, that's all they got.
I'll just ask a lot of questions today.
New folks give me the answers.
Good plan.
Here's one that says, no mention on the Joe Rocho about Michigan State, but all Tiger
all the time.
Go state.
Oh, Tiger.
We're back to that.
That's from your friend PR Ralph.
Oh, Tiger is this and Tiger is that and Tiger got a hang nail and Tiger Tiger Tiger.
Yeah.
I'm sick of that crap.
I can't stand it.
It makes me nauseous.
The Dow's down to 120 points.
Let's get, what's his name on the air?
Stormy.
I'm sure that could be arranged.
Let's get Storm Keton.
Let him talk for three hours while I'm resting my cold.
Actually, this one isn't that bad.
And I'm stuffy and I feel fine for what it's worth.
I do.
Yeah.
Oh, that's bad.
How can, just like that email, it said, how can we register our complaints?
If you don't take any calls, that was your friend John ZTR.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it's given up today.
I don't have any of those.
Oh, I'm sure you will.
I doubt it.
Even the Negatory A-Holes ass clowns haven't, uh, haven't tried any.
I'm not trying to drive any one person away.
They're just going to change their name.
See, there you go again with that stuff.
It's the truth.
You don't believe it?
You're the one that's always said, you don't chase these people away.
There's nothing you can do.
But they tell me I chase everybody away sooner or later.
Yeah.
I chase away Johnny Dork and Greg Budeau and the bird and this one and that one and
Joey Reynolds, Bill Marshall, Steve Rondon Arrow.
Yeah.
All these other knitwits that nobody ever heard of, Mr. Radio speaking of
knitwits boy, get a butterfly net.
Let's get a search party organized.
Go out and find his ass somewhere.
Let's post this picture on our website.
Mr. Radio.
Wow.
Yeah, wow is right.
I was in the shower this morning thinking there is nothing worse.
I said it last week, nothing in the world worse than a radio groupie, nothing.
And if you want to like slice that down a little bit, nothing in the world worse than
a talk show groupie, the absolute worst.
Oh, did you hear what Jim Phillips said about you?
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Oh my God.
Yinta Central.
Yeah, it's not a bad deal.
Yeah, why?
That as you see, KS.
Ian Neil, please don't be alone.
Comparably to what you say.
He has a great voice and is a good man.
No, no.
Don't be as a mother-same Joe.
Good Lord.
What are you doing?
I'm writing fake emails.
Good Lord, don't you understand it?
You're sick.
You need help.
You hear that?
What?
I'm a penis.
Oh, that was so hot.
You hear it, listen.
I'm going to sit right down and send you a big email.
And tell them what's in the role to leave me.
I always hate and fun of me.
But how bad can my voice be?
I'm the mighty voice of the dead man.
I should have that job, not you.
Get up so I can sit down and write you a fake email.
It's been some time just blowing lies out my air.
I'm not gonna say we've poked it down and write you a fake email.
I can hear it.
And maybe they'll be deleted.
Why, by the way.
Why, we can almost feel it swelling up down there.
Oh, you're tired.
I did.
No!
Yeah, I did.
I...
Can I teen at 560 WQM?
Have I played that before?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I did?
Sure you did.
Did not.
At least once, maybe twice.
I've heard it before.
I think you're wrong.
I've heard it before.
Yeah, because you probably played it.
No.
You haven't?
I think so.
What do you think you can play when you finish the show here today?
The Dow's down 254 points.
Wow.
235.
Oh.
What happened, Maria?
Hey, Maria B.
What happened, bitch?
A fool in his money or a soon part of it, just remember I told you that a long time ago.
Yes, you did.
And I had me a really stellar weekend at Woodbying yesterday.
I had one of the biggest days I've ever had.
I'm not going to give dollar amounts because then they're going to get all...
Oh, Jesus!
Yeah.
Just amazing.
A shocking day yesterday.
Teabick says what killed Mad Dog show for me anyway is the extreme right political rhetoric.
I put up with it for a spell but then it became rather tedious.
Maybe Mad Dog wants to be Jimmy Cifalos.
Do you think that is old age?
Maybe he's trying to become Jimmy Cifalos.
I don't think he really needs to do that.
I think that takes the bloom off the rose.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Joe.
I mean, since one of the sports guys is supposed to be doing politics crap.
Why not?
Why not?
Because it's...
Wow.
It's not.
It's not worse.
Oh, more of a show killer than what they normally talk about.
Then I will win back.
No, you just don't get it.
You don't get it.
These guests, man.
These horrible, awful guests.
They pay.
They pay.
They pay.
They come on and destroy the ratings and taste the audience.
They pay people to kill us.
That they greet at the door with the black hair.
It's like hiring assassins.
Oh, yeah.
They probably give them like a...
I guarantee they eat all they want on the year.
Oh, yeah.
They probably cater it.
I will win back.
Yeah, bring in some CREPLASH and NUDENIC for...
I will win back.
We can do NUDENICs.
I just made that up.
It's not a food.
CREPLASH and NUDENIC.
It's almost paysocks, by the way.
We got Easter coming with a silly Easter eggs and the bunny rabbit.
Easter is just an excuse to sell a bunch of candy and rot your teeth.
What's your point?
Bunny rabbit.
Where did the bunny rabbit come from?
What does that have to do with Easter?
It's a monkey.
It's a monkey.
Pagan all of that.
Pagan symbols.
The Christians would adopt all of the pagan imagery to try to get the pagans to worship
along with Jesus.
So they would decorate same thing on Christmas with the Christmas tree and the mistletoe and
all that.
Hazarai.
Hazarai?
Yeah.
It's pagan stuff.
They would gussie their own holidays up with pagan imagery to get the Christians to come along.
Or to get the pagans to come along with the Christian stuff.
No.
I'm boring.
Well.
And we got Paisal coming.
Baby, we got Passover.
Don't be in trade on Paisal.
Gary Sarner will come to your house and eat your firstborn.
We got Matsa.
No Leaven bread.
No Leaven bread.
And I, I, I, I, doesn't even ask what that's all about.
There's lady in town.
She's another dox Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is on Leaven.
Wo, woh, woh, woh!
boolleeently blibble with each other but to spielen some different language the Greeks
and the Greeks must make a certain performance all of their paintings over a single period
of time as they passionately post the paid Bible collection.
The
And the bread is wonder wonder bread pills bodies a phrase
The bread is wonder
Yeah wonder breath like eating cotton
What a slide wonder bread white bread any white bread
Yep, don't eat bread all your kids out there don't drink milk and don't eat bread they'll kill you, especially the bread
my god here's the poll today we got 300 votes on it probably more than that but
I'm too I'm too under the weather to look oh he's mailing it in he's really
making excuses today I'm not making excuse I'm sick I'm so sick I'm ill I'm not
really that sick just just sick enough to be uncomfortable sitting here I
feel a lot better you know what wound around outside murky and gonna be like
five or six degrees is all today was a nice weekend actually in the 50s you
ready for that all right I hate getting old because most of the above 75 what's
the question 56 see I mean what what are those doing on there especially what's
the question but what is that I don't know some smart some some smart asked me
this poll here we're showing up in unwanted places 34 my hair is gone 28 I can't
get it up 26 my hair is great 24 I pee too much 16 I can't see 11 I've fallen
and I can't get up seven my ass is huge seven I sit in my testicles five I'm
constipated for I can't pee three my ass is gone too what does that mean as you
get older your ass is gone oh it kind of sag is down to the ground I guess for
something yeah the oddity here down to the ground my ass yes see my fries my belt
one I need depends one and then none for my ears are so large I can fly it won't
go down or my ass is more dimples than a golf ball see I used to think it was
pimple on the acid progress it turns out it's dimple on the acid progress
speaking of which Kenny grammar says very confusing the UN campus facility
Kenny this should be your worst problem but nevertheless he takes a shot of the
beast so it's worth reading so it's funny because I heard the beast read
a live spot recently during the commercial he switched back and forth a bunch
of times between saying bank Atlantic Center and bank United Center very
confusing yeah we got too many centers that's the problem we're very good
center we're very good center oh my god I think I'm losing my mind here today good
ought to be very entertaining I'm I'm serious I'm cereal I'm gonna lose my mind
right on the air today because it's just pathetic tragic the thousand on
thirty points oh there's a couple of emails not too much oh this spark plug guy
go away go away you bug me oh Yoshi Schmendrick is here he says what in the
hell went on Friday I lost my ass at the golf stream it's crazy I was so depressed
went to Jackson's and had a kitchen sink please don't let beast do anymore
you am baseball games he blows he sounds like a combination of Eric Reed Jimmy
syphilis and Geltie Yeltsin he sucks whatever happened to Duff Lindsey the man
with the is he still with the station yet he was in this morning making excuses
for that screw up last week on the restaurant deal seven ninety still doesn't
have a morning person is Jack still available come and access to who did the
morning show this morning over there we have no spy report you people are
slipping man you like to blame me and George you people are slipping where's
the spy reports where's the meat where's the damn beef huh Jesus got all mighty do
you know who did mornings this morning across the street yeah right you're not
talking to me right well somebody will tell you a fleet will come in or you get
a spy report from somebody then this morning I come in here I'm sitting here
in George sends me a text message he's on the crapper yeah which you were on
here for a very long time what I was and I'm listening to way in the background
listen to which any bit of audio from the Joe Rocio breaking up and I'm thinking oh
no who who screws up that board every day Sunday who knows I'd like to beat him
with a meat axe I'd like to just kill him it could be not any number of 20
people from any number of radio stations in that room over the weekend it
could be people that don't work here it could be homeless people that just walk
up in the you know yeah come on in the Neil studio screw it up because tomorrow's
Monday and he'll be all been on a white Steve white the PD to the mornings again
this morning oh my god how disastrous whoa yes whoo on the 30th of March this must
be an early April fools joke on the audience over there the happening the best
deals on the most comfortable mattresses on earth are just a phone call away at
1-800 mattress with daily deep discounts every day is a big sale day at 1-800
mattress save 20 to 58% of all brands a different model every day all sizes all
comfort levels that's 20 to 58% off each one is the lowest price ever for that
model just another reason why the independently owned and operated 1-800
mattresses ranked number one in the universe an overall customer satisfaction
and now it's more important than ever to buy from a reputable company get you
great deals on all the name brands including Celi Certa Simmons spring ear
Stearns and Foster in Tempropidic only at 1-800 mattress and choose when you
want delivery any days seven days evenings holidays even on Sookas even the
same day a call if you like all with the industry best 39 in home comfort
trial just do what I've done and what everybody here at QM has been doing for a
long time call 1-800 mattress today and get you a great night sleep for years
and years to come the one-on-one dollar mattress mattress dot com on the
webber just call 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTR ES leave off the last S it stands
for stupenda savings and stupid sales hole I don't have a penis I've never had
one I swear
I'm not a bad news another death just came in Jack dry fizzes dead found her the
driver's fund I used to have a few bucks in the draft his fund like about
$3 yeah that would happen he's 95 line of all three found her the draft
respond and now he's dead cause of death wasn't immediately known I love that
95 years old it says the cause of death wasn't immediately known
don't people die from old age he had been ill for some time said Arnold Friedman
treasure of the draft is charitable foundation as creator of the
draft his fund and its prayers draft his corp he built one of the first
mutual fund firms to actively court everyday individuals rather than just
professional financiers and institutions Jack dry fizzes dead he was 95 well I
guess who else is dead I keep postponing the reading of this
perfect our Levine you don't remember everything are a thing from NBC news no
come on don't skinny guy no really a Jewish looking his
his Jewish looking because his name was Levine and he was Jewish I wonder if he
was kind of Murray Levine was he like a newscaster yeah no well why not what do
mean no all because I don't pay a whole lot of attention to newscasters in the
first place a hundred years ago and then it's a hundred years ago he was a pioneer
in network TV coverage of economic issues with his distinctive bow tie slow-paced
delivery and use of his middle initial in the sign-up he became highly
recognizable but not to George the down to sixty four I'm gonna season
suck I'm in season all weekend for good reason season for good reason
you tell me everybody's got this crap it's going around for shelf well I'll be
damn maybe it's like some kind of a maybe it's in connection with that thing
that worm that's coming on April Fool's Day or not once it called oh you told
me and I didn't write it down I forget what it's called let's
at least all the peace on sixty minutes last night she she's just I used to
like her I like her a lot I thought she was okay and I forget which interview she
did that just made me nauseous oh is the one with Anthony Scalia where she just
kissed his ass she suck his toenails oh that was disgusting and now every interview
she does she's just breathless oh it's gonna do this and it can do that like she
like a bubblehead idiot she's a little bit too old to be a bubblehead although
you never told to be an idiot concon thicker con thicker it just came back to
me configor that's the a worm that's supposed to go nuts April Fool's Day or not
configor cons thicker if I see KER oh thicker thicker Levine died of prostate cancer
the hospice in Washington DC according to a son Dan R Levine wow Irving R Levine
and his son Dan R Levine what what is that that's bizarre that little strange
a little bit with his distinctive bow tie slow-paced delivery and use of his
mental initial and his sign off the balding Levine became a highly recognizable
presence in television news his dry manner made him an occasional foil for
jokes from late night TV talk shows a generation of Americans grew up knowing
the name of Irving R Levine from his signature broadcast style to a signature
bow tie this unlikely TV star came to symbolize the journalistic standards of
NBC news Irving R Levine was a global figure in the formative years of TV news
and his legacy is with us every day NBC news had fried in a statement Levine
also had a significant career beyond economic reporting he was the first American
TV correspondent a lot of the live-in and broadcasts from the Soviet Union during
the Cold War communist that communist that see he also covered the building of
Berlin Wall the 1960 uprising which was then the Belgian Congo and the
travels of Pope Paul the six to the UN India and Holy Land among the first
international journeys by a pontiff by an old guy in a dress oh my god the Pope
oh condoms are cause AIDS crazy person born in Potlucket, Rhode Island August 26th
22 Levine graduated from Brown University and earned a master's degree at Columbia
he began his journalism career as an obituary writer reported for the
Providence Journal you know one one job that's safe even in these difficult
times in which we live now obituary writers funeral powers because one thing
that keeps going on in God's plan is a lot of death I'm dying of a
police call these obits that we do at the beginning of the show every day and this
goes on after leaving Moscow 1959 he was stationed in Rome till 67 why what a
tough assignment that was wow during one economic slowdown Johnny Carson
quiped on NBC's this a night show things were so bad I saw Irving Arlefin
standing by the side of the freeway with a sign reading will work for bow ties
oh my god and keep in mind that these guys have writers somebody wrote that
yeah yeah yeah and that pathetic so all you people are giving this on to
it is about Johnny Carson I don't get I never did get it and I never will get it
I saw some of that old footage from the early days yeah you know I thought it
was cute funny clever but not for a long time after you know when you say he
hasn't done anything funny in 20 years the stress and not since his death no
especially I won't argue with that highly overrated and then again look at Jay
Leno he's got millions of people watching his crap with that chin you know keep
your chin up Jay absolutely lame Jay Leno is there any debating that I'm not he
was just in the right place at the right time that's right and you still get
worth griffin for crying out a lot look at all the money he made he made billions of
dollars I thought you were gonna play I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts okay I
will you will oh then I'm going back to bed I promise
the hell is that coming from his head I don't know where that's coming from
oh yeah now we're cooking now we're cooking with gas in your ass down
at an English fair one evening I let it move though is it oh yeah it is I'm
shouting underneath the planet it's ready to marcher orchestra and move
grip and who the Freddie Martin orchestra Freddie Martin band yeah and
murder I'm capital records I believe I could be wrong about that and I don't
care who cares Jimmy crack corn and I don't care time for the break and I do
care grab the wood
hello folks and thank you Ed what's that and like man is enough here yet
well if you've seen them lately you know it won't be long now
it's great to be up here in heaven now tell you it's better than the alternative
in fact you know it's so hot down there I'm glad you asked that it's so hot
they're thinking of re-daming it Los Angeles I always always gonna be a night
life at okay how about this one it's so hot down there
who day and who say asked Hitler if they could borrow a couple of his thongs
I'll tell you I'm having a great time here in heaven yesterday I played golf
of Bobhop today I'm playing tennis with Arthur Ash and tomorrow I'm recording
some tracks for two-packs next album why is it for me I I have to go back to my room
same Peter put me up in the Michael Jackson suite turns out Michael's not gonna
need it after all
talk about hype man talk about a guy that made millions and millions and millions
based on hype and how he's dead when he died from a lung cancer something like
that smoking uh yeah I think uh ultimately all those packets
great the dies down 273 points not not a good start to the week grim oh but it's a
buying opportunity it's a selling idea right all you pitchman there on CNBC they
had to drop a bomb on that building wherever the hell yeah broadcast from
out of drop onaga bomb a grande well somebody informs me it's McDonald's
national high school basketball term nothing bank united center comes
support the young boys love bill come all oh what are what she's doing now that
is she out didn't we have the story that she got out yeah we heard that story
who she do I mean what she doing these days I don't know laying low
because that what he was doing before mighty low all these uh let's see oh there it is
I hate when that red light goes out it's going out the bulbs going but we don't need no engineer in
here I'll try to that I don't need the bulb I can see the view just fine the needles moving it
means the mic is on if it's not it's not I'm gonna go in and take a nap when I come back
there's a bag of money on the table I know I have a partner if it's not there I know I don't
I just love that one why I love all of it but that that one's in a particular
where he tells him about mo green there's not a plaque or a statue or a screen
I didn't get angry I didn't ask any questions I knew he was acting whatever he said
talking talking loud speaking of talking loud oh oh we were at the red lobster
Friday night having to having a really good meal clam chowder was great what else did I get
oh I got some like nachos with all kinds of good stuff in it anyway there's a table
kitty corner from us with about eight people loud I mean laughing but you think that they were the
only ones who was in their home you know I mean people when you go out learn a little bit of a
common sense okay I'm not saying you have to be real quiet and like no I'm not a party poop
are all together but Jesus got almighty quit acting like hyenas you think that somebody had a
feather up their ass or something just just screeching and carrying on maybe they did
good god you ever you ever encounter that all the time people are just way way too loud and
voice was not a control we don't know how to act in public we have French and eating done here
remember they're just obnoxious by nature don't blame them then they can't help but that's their
nature they're frogs better you than us though I don't I don't encounter any frogs here thank god
I think they're they're in Ontario we don't let them in probably in Ottawa I bet you they got a lot
and I know they got them in Ottawa because the what's the racetrack in Ottawa we don't cart them I think
they got a harness track in Ottawa once in a while I'll watch the races from there for about two
seconds and the announcer announces most of it in English but he'll throw in a few French phrases
to pacify the frogs too you know don't you hate that a lot
thontario baby speak in english speak in english no speak in english sick of that
if I go to a foreign country then I expect them to speak some other language you go to
Germany expect them to speak German if you go to Belgium you expect them to speak belgian
yeah don't you French what kind of a country that doesn't have its own all they got is
Belgian waffles they don't have their own cuisine they don't have their own language
they're like a hybrid like a bastard from a basket
well everybody wants me to do this story it was on our website already so that to me makes it old
news but since there's nothing else going on today and since I've got a real dearth of material
here today I would have thought you know after the weekend you build up a whole bunch of stuff
and Monday should be like rolling out of bed right rolling off a log
but it's not out of sight out of mind especially Friday with that race
oh that was so depressing it's one thing you know to get beat by a neck or you know or whatever
give it a good shot but it's another thing when you're horse although at least you didn't get
like left in the gate and was it last by 80 lengths all the way around that's really bad
that's the worst he didn't fall down but he might as well have nice going next zito
never bet on a trainer whose last name is like a pasta right next to you
is that a rule I should write it down baked next to you I like to bake him after that
performance that was swill not that I'm a bad loser driven by I didn't lose any money on the
magic now moving on and I see you at 80 bucks up in the year movie magic there heads apart for the
lead Yankee threads runs in third Brahminical is fourth my boy JJ now back running in fifth
off four length break four bra yeah he's fumping like Marty Adler now fumping
John Embryale I think that is that I quote out you know John Embryale no wait
meet Vince Schlomi he's probably better known to you as the Shamwau guy
the ubiquitous TV pitchman who's been phenomenally successful peddling absorbent
thousand food choppers Schlomi 44 it's SHLOMI how would you pronounce it Schlomi you're
huh I think you're doing a great job sloy me
Schlomi 44 was arrested last month on a felony battery charge following your violent
confrontation with the prostitute in a South Beach hotel room according to an affidavit
arrest affidavit Schlomi met Sasha Harris 26 at a Miami Beach nightclub February 7th
and he subsequently retired with her to his $750 room at the lavish set Thai hotel SCTAI
am I saying that right? It's a Thai hotel store winner my boy JJ on the inside
citizen storm my boy JJ citizen storm but um
Schlomi told cops he paid Harris about a grand in cash after she propositioned him for a straight
sex I can't imagine how she'd propositioned him for like gay sex that's cute
Schlomi said that when he kissed her she suddenly bit his tongue and would not let go
Schlomi then punched Harris several times until she released his tongue the affidavit notes
the affidavit notes that during the 4 a.m. fight Harris has stayed facial fractures and
lacerations all over her face she had a lacerated pus after freeing his tongue a bleeding slimy
ran to the satai lobby where security summoned the cops Harris refused to cooperate with officers
that recovered 930 bucks from her purse both part boys are a grand well that's a lot to pay isn't
it the grand mm-hmm I never paid nobody a thousand bucks I've seen I've seen people I would
pay a thousand bucks but I'm sure not interested both parties had a strong odor of alcoholic beverage
emitting from their persons police report in a brief telephone interview Harris declined to
answer T.S.G questions about her run in which slimy who's T.S.G I don't know well that's whatever
this is from though she did say she's considering a lawsuit against the pitchman asked if she worked as a
hooker Harris declined to comment as seen in the below mug shot see it slimy was also injured during
the fray kiss and court records show was treated at Mount Sinai Medical Center and he survived it
that's the best part boy I guess he and I are the only two ever got out of lie from that joint
remember by gallbladder operation Mount Sinai yep why slimy and Harris were both arrested for
felony aggravated battery prosecuted this month declined to press formal charges against the
combatants police records list show image occupation is marketing but make no mention of his
affiliation with the sham wall or slap chop both of which sell for nineteen ninety five plus
shipping and handling oh my god what is this article from all the smoking gun oh both of
itself for nineteen ninety five plus shipping and handling that is amusing don't you find that
amusing it's a new story mm-hmm you didn't look while you're sour lately I am there you are you're sour
you don't you know whatever you would have given little chuck a little swervey sat what whatever you
say I'm glad you had a good time with that thing though what was it ultra oh it's speaking of bells
and boy my my psychic powers are kicking in again a bilingual French dutch traffic sign in Brussels
oh somebody must have sent this after I talked about Belgium close to sixty percent of the
country's population speaks Dutch is their primary language though the Dutch language version
officially spoken in Belgium is almost identical with the one spoken in Netherlands it's often
cloak we've called Flemish oh yeah Flemish like when you have a cold like I got today Flemish
oh and I got one from Brandon here and somebody's very upset about Brandon here it is first I'll
read his and then after the news after the after the news oh it's almost the top of the hour time
for the news on q a m godfather beyond tonight a mc the p m the tomorrow four p m followed by part two
at eight p.m. just what we need is more godfather Jesus god although you know something every time
it's on what we watch it this is the neo-roger show this is your brain rock the rock solid any questions
this brings some stations will give you cars some stations will give you cash but this station is
good to give you something that really counts because this station is good to give you a great
body then is here just be the 10th color when you hear this sound and you'll be the membership
in our free weight loss program we'll send a station representative to your house to lock you
in the bathroom for two or three months that's right all the water and toothpaste you can eat
come July you'll be looking shy and you'll have the brightest smile on the beach this station
accepts no responsibility for minor complications resulting from our weight loss program like protein
deficiencies rickets scurvy or death get ready for swim suit season and don't forget to pause
keep listening for your chance to win love and oh what a q a m uh you you know i haven't had one
email about that thing that you went to this weekend that you were raving about was so great
yeah raving that's cute what was the call he's pun ultra ultra music festival now one email you were
you were the only one from our circle of a people who was there i guess okay did you meet anybody
there any of our audience not that i know of well there wasn't meeting and greeting that was
there with a throng of uh people of my own a throng yes a throng bathing suit
what do you mean were there with a throng i was there with how many people did you who i don't
mean nobody knows nobody you know i was never i'm not asking for identities but i'm just
wondering how many people did you take with you i was i only took one person with me but i would
met up with people and i was there with like six to eight different people depending on wow
you know six to eight different people yeah that was our group more or less
yeah but they weren't among the scantily clad super hot sweating dripping people you were talking
about uh some really but not you know there's a very young demo there that's why i'm not getting any
email he's talking right well we don't have any new listeners because you know how the
good we get any nobody can hear the station and we don't do any promotion but other than that
we did we never they never even came through with the tradeout with the magazine it's going out
of business you know remember that during that the telephone conference oh we're gonna do this
we're gonna do that bap bap bap bap bap bap yeah they don't do anything they do nothing
and by the way fake times jica quit sending me articles after i read them on a year
huh yeah this is the second time in a row he did one about the sham wild guy and earlier
Irving Arlevina's dead niaudia adia maybe listen to the show it'd be good fake Tommy
now here's one from fake emailer cute says hey i've written some really good emails to you
before and you completely ignore them must be really really bad if i ignore them
they were fake but at least i'm upfront about it why do you ignore funny emails like mine but
every day when branded feels like coming up with synas and on comment you read it
not even that but how you proudly yell out oh look it's branded with an email who is this guy
his emails are neither interesting nor funny in that voice of excitement you put on when you
read his crap oh my god he sucks oh look it's branded with another boring email time to see what
790 has on and another thing f john z tr for admitting to writing fake emails he's
ruined it for all of us because at least before nia wasn't sure if the emails were fake or not
but now you doubt everything so i'm closing f branded f um somebody i can't read it and f
a rooster train whatever the hell the other fake chronics are called if john z tr
how do you like that yeah this guy basically says f everybody yeah fm all i sent you some movies
that john z tr sent to us and you centered me on what in the mail really what a guy had to leave you
at that point i think i ever heard of that slum dog millionaire was telling you about um what else
i forget a bunch of stuff to ristas to rista teeth from liz thank you liz i was supposed to send you
that a long time ago hope it works what what do you mean by that you know how these things are these
sometimes you can't see them yeah right they're like i'll set you that south park and that family guy
fox news episode what what is it that i'm watching oh this is the erasing channel i don't want to be
watching that so you got me going with the damn horse racing again the audience doesn't care about
it the audience knows nothing about it we don't have that crowd we got the fake lester green shirt
that's about it now let me ask you when you come right down to it who would remember lester green
shirt me but i'm talking about it in the audience i mean that is really obscure yeah i would remember
that but he's still dead michael finklstein no michael finklson is from a pompano park days he would
know nothing about the thoroughbred lester green shirt was of colder colder colder
always wore that one green shirt line green puse and some hooker took him for every worst in the
sham wild guys she took him for every dimey head some bitch what guys will do for a piece of ass oh my
god it's just scary it's really scary and how guys put up with nagging women oh at woodbine i see
things and i hear things that just drive me insane maybe they have children together
now you and the see there you go again extrapolating the world with your own sad tale how also my
gonna here's the another fake her paul smith stop your nonsense now i said i would not email
you again until you change your ways but when i heard you attack j n n johnny well sir that was
just too much sir i see just because you're a self-hating gay jew does not give you the right to
attack two legends ledg e ns two legends in the entertainment business until you shape up do not
expect any more help from me i'm done with you and your low rated show in his name john three sixteen
sir what would you go like like you like your skeptical about that that's not the real paul smith
right well here's robert feely who was also i think this maybe the first time he gave his name out
me he usually saw just me but now he has a name on here on the email address robert feely
nila used to work at the red lofts and while i agree their clam chowder is to die for you literally
might die they make it with gallons and gallons of heavy cream i also love their fried swim love me
you know they they use just tons of butter and everything everything is right most people do
what that's one of those restaurant things we're not supposed to know about or talk about is how much
butter they actually put in everything that's why it's good because i had the stake stake oscar with
the asparagus and lobster meat on top and oh smashy potatoes that sounds good oh boy was it ever good
was it ever good but boy you talk about butter and of course when you eat a meal it's like when you go
to worth christ you don't tell them hold the butter and before long oh there's a it's a rumbling in your
rectum wow and you need to find a magic room soon oh by the way you'll be pleased to know over the weekend
i used my both my new toilets and they worked just fine yeah i guess they're water savers because man
they just just press that thing and just suck everything that and it doesn't take long for the
thing to fill back up again doesn't fill up all that much it's amazing water saver what what does
that do for me and this doesn't even give you the opportunity if you flush first to like look back
and see you know what you've left behind do you know i mean do you the most people do that or not
flush first or look behind do they do they look back to see what they've deposited there
yeah i'll confirm yeah but now you press that thing and by the time by the time you stand up
it everything's gone yeah which i guess is probably good that was down to eighty two year after a year
decade after decade we've seen problems papered over and tough choices kicked down the road
even as foreign competitors outpaced us well we've reached the end of that road
and we as a nation cannot afford to shirk responsibility any longer now's the time to confront our
problems head on and do what's necessary to solve we cannot and must not and we will not
let our auto industry simply vanish but this industry is like no other let's get that
pre-school and baby and other versions thereof that was an awesome automobile
i was i just freaked out yeah the first one i got into i'm taking a cab from that river rock casino
back to the hotel in downtown Vancouver and um
cab driver gets to a light and stops and i i felt like the the cab stalled out you know yeah
because it wasn't idling it was just quiet it was just sitting there it runs on electric most
of the time when you're doing the urban driving yeah i thought it was and then the light changed
the green and cabbyshe hit the accelerator and we took off again there we went and i thought holy
crap and then i started looking at that thing on the dash you know that shows you all the the
doofus and the boofus yeah got all the it tells you oh here we go bench me go remember he was going
away because he didn't like our eating on yeah he's going away you're all going away
yeah they ought to take a lot of you away and don't bring him back
bench megal oh yeah here's another thing about uh loose saven we don't care about loose saven or
nix saven you should have heard what mandat said to say about nix saven it was great with some
of mandatius funny stuff ever it was great on the NFL network roger says can you give us a
defo update i need to know what's going on maybe you could do like a defo update the top of each
hour so i'll be sure to be tuned in i really don't care about the rest of your show thanks
says roger kaputnik yeah roger kaputnik my ass nobody cares about defo and is 0.3 you think
there'd be a lot i guess this is the law before the storm because Thursday we got the trend
come in 10 a.m two thirds of the winter book and then next monday is the big change over at 9.40
sports sports sports
isn't that great it's awesome are you going to be tuned in i'm going to tune in with two radios
and how come we haven't got official word of the new lineup next week you know the real times
you know the real very jackass you guys are really floundering
Dennis and traver city michigan says there's a traveling salesman who dines alone frequently
while on the road i run across the loud raucous laughter
quite frequently middle-aged women are the worst offenders it seems though there's a
contest for the loudest high-pitched laugh very annoying inconsiderate behavior amen Dennis
geez i mean there's other people around keep it down to a dull roar for crying out
while i try to like control yourself and quit acting like a bunch of silly ass school kids
and he's right it's mostly the women
ah
you do you think that somebody had 40 feathers in there like the ass cut the crap sweetie
oh god the entertainment is over today time for the big
we're not talking about women he just doesn't get it only sports nothing but sports
we all get moist over build-parts-els the big whoa
disconnected from reality sports yes yes
yeah big full yes yes yes
Orlando yes yes sports yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes the big
whoa still wagging the big foam vinger of a failed format nobody wants to hear
oh
oh
let's start with the strong open youtube
here's Vangundi
that was Vangundi and ten
ah
1118 at 560 WQM. Have we got the big coming up into a clock whether you like it or not?
You think they like it? No, don't answer. Oh, it was a rhetorical question. Okay.
400 votes on the poll. I don't I hate this poll. I can't stand it. You like it?
No, it's fine. It's fine. Whatever. I hate getting old because I mean when most of the above wins 91
what's the question 75? I mean, you know, pull sucks. I forget who sent it in order we care.
Yeah, how come you're always a raven about Brandon because when Brandon says an email
usually it's something worthwhile. I got you know three or four people out there
who send stuff in and when we see that it's from them we know it's going to be worth using.
Actually responds to something that we say. Yeah, right.
The question that we don't want to know something about. But as as the rest of the guys I mean
Lane some food. Now, Bob Florida. Here's another good guy.
Boss. He sends me most of the obituaries way ahead of everybody else.
He's he's a on the death watch. And he send this from Oakdale, California.
The fundraising ID.
I see my little nuts, but Oakland's or it's Oakdale Oakdale's annual testicle festivals.
Always a big head on Monday volunteers with the towns road reclub meaning today
planned to fry 400 pounds of the private parts of bulls and serve them to diners who pay
$50 a piece for the sit down meal. The event whose proceeds also benefit the Oakland
cowboy museum has drawn an average of 450 people in last year raised $28,000.
Now it says Oakdale, California, but it says it benefits the Oakland Cowboy Museum.
Is Oakdale and part of Oakland the suburb or something I never heard of Oakdale?
No. No. No, no, never heard of it. Oh, it's common practice on cattle ratchets for young
male bovines to be castrated into steers, which after the initial loss eventually makes
the more docile and easier to handle just like horses, gildings, gildies.
Fans love the delicacy also referred to as mountain oysters and they come from all around
the state. According to Rotarians, everyone who applies the ticket is guaranteed to have
a ball. Hey, honey. Yeah. Oakdale, California, somebody will tell me what that's all
the middle of nowhere is the whole California. Is it? It's like northeast of San Jose,
but very northeast like east of but it's not near Oakland. What's not near Oakland? It's
there. Yeah, east to the right. Like it's in the middle of the state. I see Oakland's
on the Sacramento. More or less South East of there. I see. I don't really care. I'm
never going to be going there. I do like Sacramento though. You're not going to be going there
for the oysters? No. No oysters. I have one thing that anybody who eats bullballs,
okay? You're fair. That's what I have to say to you. Here's a guy in Fort Lauderdale,
Blake. Blake sends me a whole bunch of photos of two of the most obnoxious subhumans on the
face of the globe, Jeb Bush and Richard Quest. Wow. For your collection. In 2002, I photographed
a photo trade delegation to London while they're Richard Quest interviewed Jeb. After what
I had lunch with Richard and his video crew where I had half our conversation with him,
just a regular guy with a stick. As you understand, he's very different on and off the ear. As I
wonder, how does he know I understand that? Cute. Personally, I like his stick. It's great
compared to the dollared regulars at CNN. See the attached photos. Blake Spurlin from
Spurlin photography for Lauderdale. Well, thanks Blake. There's Richard Quest with the
big microphone with a big, free cozy on it. Yeah, I've put a big cozy on it too before
I'd stick it in Jeb Bush's purse. The anxious fat ass Jeb Bush, the wildly popular governor.
Have you noticed that all our governors in Florida, no matter how much of a bozo they are,
the wildly popular Charlie Limpress Quist. Quist. Yes. And Jeb Bush, a crook if there ever
was one, very popular. But nevertheless, everybody's getting smeared and smeared, baby.
Sist the workers, communities and regions that rely on our auto. Maybe if GM made some
cars that somebody wanted to buy and was practical for the times in which we live, maybe
they wouldn't be going on a verge of bankruptcy. Together with labor secretary Solis and my
auto task Alex Solis. Ed will help provide support to auto workers and their families and
open up opportunity to manufacturing communities in Michigan, Ohio and Indiana. I still can't
get over that one horse in the second race on Friday. That was a dismal performance. That
was deflating. You know, over the years, I've had enough losers like everybody else, but
my God, to just stop to a walk. To a walk. While the rest of the field went zooming by and
when the race was over, I'm sitting here watching and watching where the hell is he? Oh, here
he comes. Like about 10 seconds later. Won't you be pressed? Yeah, well, it's all fun.
Bench Meagle says, dear pig Rogers, I'd like to share a technique that was taught to
me in etiquette school. Whenever you're eating, always pretend that there's a panel of judges
watching you. Here's more life instruction. Do this. Do that. This way it ensures that
you put on the best behavior possible. I don't care what you say, but believe it or not,
when you eat like a slob, it makes you look low class. I don't care whether it makes me
look low class. Maybe I am low class. How do you like that? Maybe I'm just a fat old
slob bag. Huh? It explains that clothes. Yeah, that's right. I don't care. See, one
thing about me, all my life. And this is the amus. I don't live my life to impress other
people. You don't feel free to use this technique in all aspects of life. And you'll see it
will improve everything you do. Take pride in everything you do. This is a model we learned
early on in etiquette school. Edicates school, my God. Oh, you fairy. One last thing to
say, I'm not, I'm usually not grossed out by your fart humor, but you said something
yesterday that made me gagged. You farted in your chair and then you said you would fart
it deep into the chair. I don't know what it was, but the way you described it, I pictured
the fart molecules being embedded in the fabric of the chair and that imagery had me gagging.
Well, good. Puker guts out, Ben Schmiegel. Mr. etiquette. This is another John ZTR. It's
gotta be sure. Sure. Ben Schmiegel, my ass. Dear pig Rogers, keep him coming. No, John ZTR.
You're really slipping lately. I like a lot more of those instructional, you know, life
instruction and show instruction and critiques and what's the other one? Complaints and critiques.
How can we call in with our complaints if you won't take any calls?
Call Joe Bell and complain to him. Why? Why? Why? Do the South Florida wine?
And see if you get any reaction from fat ass Joe.
Only executives in their family should be executed with piano wire around their neck. My greatest hope.
Adding up with rich right guys. Then hide behind the killer to hand-tie.
When they get caught, they're acting differently. I take the face ball back and break their legs and knees
and start with a key. Let's tidy and know why around the C.E.O.
Right. Slice them with a knife from their pellet to their nose. Let's tidy and know why around the C.E.O.
I'm looking for all the C.E.O's names, kids where they live, etc.
And grab their entrails around and Christmas tree and tidy you.
For rustic C.E.O. with piano wire.
The government can't do this properly. We the people will take it in our own hands and see that justice is done.
Strip them naked at the bow with a flesh. Strip them naked at the bow with a flesh.
Wow. Sounds like a good idea for that thing you went to this weekend. What was it called?
Ultra. The ultra music. Oh yeah, ultra. Why can't I remember that? Because I'm ultra old. Maybe.
Ultra C now. Maybe because I got this ultra bad cold. That could be too.
I just went in my bedroom and got me a nice clean hanky so I can sit and blow my snot into it.
Yeah. God. I'm a serious. That cold cold is to me a cold is one of the most annoying things in life.
No question. I mean it's not fatal. You're not going to die from a cold.
Although you can get pneumonia and die. Lots of old farts get pneumonia. But generally a lot older than I am.
I mean I'm old, but I'm not like ancient yet. Although one day I'll be sitting here talking a lot of crap
and I will be ancient. I'll still be on here somewhere.
Because I'm going to have to work until I croak and you know something? What why not?
Why not? What else you got to do? What the hell? Exactly. What else am I going to do?
I'm going to do a choice here in a minute in fact maybe before the break. Wow.
Well it just you know that that Ben Schmiegel whatever his name is. Well look on the bright side
because you know a lot of older people have a problem with that.
You mean to have a bag? No just joy.
I mean they can't like my mother. Right. Well I always told her that I would make up.
I used to make up for her inability by doing the opposite. You'll take all the crap she can.
Oh I am a crapper man believe you me. I always say when you're full of it it comes out easy.
And that's me. I am a crap master.
I still was thinking about that thing we talked about last week about going into a public tea room
and you hear the sound? I mean good. God if it's that hard to take a dump I'm time to blow your
brains out okay. What I heard in the room over here months ago I don't know if it was a person with
difficulty or just having a really good time. Really? What are the other? It was not clear which?
I see. Now that's annoying. And like when you're walking to a really filthy
public tea room. Yeah. Well it doesn't have to be filthy but it's just you know they're guys
crap in there. You know you walk in you know it smells like crap in here you know. Yeah.
Of course it is. That's what people are doing for fun. We expect it to smell like crap in it.
That's what that guy was doing. That's not too Navitry. Oh it's going to be a bad day on Wall Street.
Maria B has written in for obvious reasons because her premature exuberation whatever that means
exuberance who for premature celebration about the market yada she's full of crap. The real one
end the fake one. How do you know it's the fake Maria B? How do you know it's not the real one?
Well you remember Ted David used to call and he said that everybody there used to listen to my show
right? And they were obviously listening online so they could still be listening online right?
And let me say it again in case they are listening online I hate all you people and you all
ought to be on death row you're a bunch of grave robbers you're selling crap to the public.
You're putting lipstick on on Schmidt. Oh lipstick on a turd remember that's on by
Connie Francis lipstick on a turd. Sure sure that's great song. I heard.
Baron Fitz says the story about the Shamwa were we're starting to develop some crap here today good
good because we were off to a really desperate start.
MGM records Connie Francis could she build out the hits or what? She had a lot of big hits. She had a
lot. Maybe she had big hits. Tips. Tips yeah. Pips remember Wally Piff? Hey don't ever see
in FL Chicago what? You know somebody gave me a ticket and I didn't check it like for when we
weren't going to be there. It's in my wallet. Yeah I can I can tell you the result. Okay.
Was this from Gulfstream? Yeah. Yeah. And then some guy handed me a ticket you said don't tell
anybody. Right. And so I didn't I put it in my wallet but then I forgot to check it. Well I had a
chance from Friday the 27th. Okay. Race is race five. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
race three race four okay what you got? The one horse. Oh it was like 20 to 1 or something. 47 to
1 whoever gave you that was it was a joke. Well they spent $10 on it for their joke. They gave
you a $10 ticket. Yeah. If that horse were to 1 it would have paid about a hundred bucks to
when you to got in the 500 bucks back. He ran fourth by yeah. Winter place. That's what that
means right? WP. Yeah and he ran fourth. You don't get nothing for fourth. Oh well. The eight
horse won the race. The chalk. The chalk one. Thanks guy. Ran as. Ran as Strainio with I A. Marcoa.
Fully extended. Now what does it say about your one horse? What's the comment?
Wait a minute. What race was this? Five. Race five. One horse. No late response.
Not that far back though for a price like that finished about the four five lengths behind the winter.
47 to 1 the second longest shot on the board. And well what do they tell you that this was a
tip or something? This was you know some guy dressed like a not like a shlipper. Yeah. No not like a
shlipper. You know it was wearing one of them Panama hats you know. He said that that was his horse.
Oh he owned it or something. Oh here it comes. My left ear just opened up. Wow. Hallelujah.
Bayerado takes round one. Oh. He keeps the winning streak. God is he ugly. Raphael Bayerado is a great
jockey man. He doesn't. The great Trevor Demon. Anybody who knocks him I used to knock him. I
didn't like him. I thought his style was bizarre but he's great. Trevor Demon. You like him? Who?
Race caller at Santa Anita. Oh that guy. The one he's from South Africa. Never heard of it. Trevor
Demon. Never heard of it. Get out of here. He's the tops. He's the top. I started reading this and
I never got to it. What did you interrupt me with? Something very important. My horse. Oh yeah
your horse. Well he's still running. He came in for it but at 47 to 1 I was a good deal. What did
you have ten bucks to win in place? Yes. Really? Yep. You had about a seven eight hundred dollar ticket
there. Mr. If that thing would have won. Oh well. At least 600 anyway. Didn't cost me. Didn't cost you a
dime. That's a nice shot at a 47 to 1. It's enough to make it feel really bad. If it would have been
like even money and you would have gotten back like you know 20 bucks. Wow. Yeah. Big deal. But 47 to 1
shot. We're only missed by about four or five lengths. Oh well. And you notice how Ron what's his name?
Silver? No. Ron what's his name? It's the handy capping. Nickeletti. Nickeletti. Lens. He says
Lens. High five lens. It's a New York thing. He's very New Yorkie. He's a really New Yorkie kind of
guy. Well I think he did pick the winner in that race in the second race. The three. Chalk. I hate
chalk. I'm not going to keep betting chalk. Good. Don't you want to chalk? Go eat it.
Perin Fitz says the story about the Shamball guy was funny and refreshing. It seems like every time a
major celebrity like Shloy me gets busted for something sexual it's always some gay crap. Finally one
of my heroes gets busted for having sex. The God intended way between a man and a female prostitute.
No more sucking. Please. I don't know about this bit. Sally Fitz.
When her battery slipped Rick and Sucks. When they're pulling their cuts Joey blows. That most
everyone knows. That's just great radio. Larry King with that ball spot thing and there's Jim.
We know what Neil thinks of him. Randy Rolts. When she speaks of her laws. That's just great
radio. Management there all been on just running the show. But they're just a bag of
rancid douchebags. I know. They don't even know when to go. So when he gets to Vichin it's just
what we're missing for and so. As we all hear a show. Make a call. And if you have the ball
lock to me. And I'm sure you will feel and feel God. I'll make tripping. Why don't you just
get so carried away with such nonsense that just ridiculous. So I'm not going to sit on the edge of my seat.
Oh, gee, he said this. You know, blow out your ass. Joyce. We're sick and tired of your crap.
And if we were to have to sit back and wait for clearance to go to bed for us.
Got a long wait. Oh no. Oh, K Paso. I just almost dropped the email on the floor. That's bad.
Did you did you send me a fax? No. No, neither did anybody else. I'm just hearing things. What?
Well, yeah, I see now that my ear opened. It closed back up again. Of course. All my ears are ringing.
So don't feel bad. They're ringing. Yeah. Oh, it's from that thing you went to this weekend. Two days of
ultra-ging. Yes. Two days two days of it. Yeah, it was Friday and Saturday all day. And you went
both days. Yeah. Yeah. Good bands. Both days. No, you went to see all the naked people. That just
happened to be going. But all the hot young guys there. You would have really liked it. You
would have gone blind or passed out or both. Really? Yeah. I want to reach out and touch someone.
Listen, if you had gone to the Moby performance, you wouldn't have had to have reached out. Yeah.
All right. It was body to body. I'll be dangged. Yeah. You brought it. Well, I'll take
a shot and I'll fake e-mailers. Now see here. I resemble those remarks. Oh, tell him to stick his
radio up his rear and see if it sounds better from that perspective. And what's that about George
watching a G-string at a concert? We're aware of G-string. Let him wear whatever he wants as long as
he watches pineapple express. I watched it. I saw it at the movies. And it was not funny. The first
scene was very funny. And yeah, I should have just gotten up and left and smoked some dope.
Would have had a much better time. Well, what is it? It's a it's one of those bromance movies.
It's a weed slash bromance. Oh, God. Very good. It's like buddy cop movies. Yeah. Oh, I would say
romance. Not funny. Not funny. That's the bottom line. Just not funny. Those south-rogan movies are not
as funny as they want to be. And this is the worst of all. Oh, here's one from Abdul. Abdul Kaboom. That
only on Arabian stadiums. If you know what's good for you sinister laugh. Ha ha ha your master
Abdul Abdul Kaboom. Kaboom. Kaboom. Kaboom. Smelly. Arab.
Well, let's see. Here's one. The DJ at the center of a club role involving Paris Sultan. Do we
care about this? I don't care about her or anything to do with her. No, not really. I mean, if it
kills some time, go ahead. I'll put him at the bottom of my head. Yeah. So the bottom of my
pile, we don't care about Paris. Freakin Hilton. Talentless bitch. Her claim to famous. She inherited a lot
of money. Oh, your friend, Hawk Mark. He went to the racist Saturday. Yeah. He says, I had a great
day at the racist Saturday like Georgia. I used to see it on TV one to three times. You're
during the triple crown. But I'm hooked. In fact, I'm afraid of its effect in my bank account.
I started learning how to read the daily racing form, buyer speed numbers, sires, damn sires,
et cetera. What's damn sires? I don't know. I didn't win on Saturday. Actually, it came out even.
If you don't count the beers and food, but I really had a great time. Well, on some of the loss,
some I went my beak and I want more. I went my beak. How slice word you've been racist at other
tracks when the season of Gulfstream comes to end online? Question mark. No, you don't bet online.
I mean, you could, I guess. You could open an account online, but then I don't know.
You go to whatever track is open and you've spent the simulcasts called her Gulfstream, whatever's open.
I don't know if Gulfstream is open for just simulcasting when their meat ends. Do we know that? I don't know.
Well, we ought to know it, but just to be able to say thanks for getting me into this hang tried when it
was on the air, but I would just tune out. PS, we should know who's taking over the morning slot by
the subcoming weekend. Don't know when it's going to be made public probably right before 940 switches
over. See what the race is not. That's your buddy, Mark Hawk. My best close personal friend. Yeah,
you said you met him and he was a nice guy. He was a very nice guy. Do you think this is the real guy?
No. Oh, well, why not? Just because I don't. You don't believe anybody's the real guy. That's right.
I could send it yourself and I'd say do you think this is the real judge right? Because no, it won't be.
Don't think so. No. If I said it, no, it won't be the real me.
You're such a skeptic. I just I just can't I don't have the strength to argue with that. Of course,
if I get a real scratchy throat, then I'll be out sick tomorrow. I'll do that. Well, I'm just telling you,
I need to take it easy. Take it easy. Real low key quiet. Not all hysterical.
Rafiq says Jim said last week that when his contract is up any year and a half that this is it.
Also, he said many times after the election, it will fully support him and wants him to succeed,
meaning our president. He's not a right wing idiot like a lot of other people are saying,
says Rafiq. Well, they're just tired of those right wing politics. I don't know what he says,
because I don't listen. Oh, geez, Neal. You don't support your station by listening to the other
shows. No, I don't listen to any shows. I do not listen to the radio. I listen to 680 news.
Yeah. And over the weekend, I punched up, you know, I told you that city pulse took over 1050 CHUM
on the AM dial. The cymbal casting city pulse. And I punched up a couple of times over the weekend.
Sacrifice whether it be walking. It doesn't translate. It just doesn't do it for me.
You know what I mean? I get it. It's just cymbal casting a TV thing that's got a lot of video
features and stuff and the weather in the upper right hand corner and shows all the highways,
the traffic in the bottom. I mean, this is what goes on in a real city in a real place. All
you people peddling south Florida all the time. I mean, south Florida doesn't even have a full-time
news station, not even one much less to not one. Not a news station. Gochelle.
It's a news TV station. What? Gulfstream is open for cymbal casting after their season is over in
late April. That's what I figured. Oh, and next weekend, Woodbine opens thoroughbreds. Oh,
the pressure. Didn't we bet on a couple of Woodbine races last year? Not that I recall. Yes,
we did. See, you don't recall well. Yes, we did. Well, then I'll take your word for it, but I don't
remember. No, because you just, you know, you're just a beginner. You're a rank beginner.
New, but Hawke Mark better turned to somebody else for instruction if he's going to like, you know,
ain't going to learn nothing from me about horse racing. That is.
I feel really bad that I didn't get to go to the thing this weekend. What is it? Ultra?
The ultra, yeah. You would have passed out. Really? I think so. You would have gone blind or passed
out. Really? Yep. Maybe I would have had a good time. You would have had a great time.
Maybe I have a couple of, listen, I didn't see anybody that didn't look like they were having a great
time. No one. Everybody was happy. Happy smile and support. An aberration in South Florida.
Everybody was happy with a smile on their purse. That's right.
The fake Craig Worthing says, this is the guy that called in a while back and told you that one
should use Joyce's name to replace the word that starts with an S meaning human waste. Yeah,
he told us to do that, right? Sure. Yeah. Thank you for that.
Well, I was thinking to myself that Joe Bell should be more realized in such a way as well.
Mr. Bell's name should be used to replace the word fart. Soon enough management is going to
ban you from saying the word fart anyway. So why not be head of the curve? Here's an example.
Boy, I just laid a Joe Bell and it smells so bad. I think I may have Joyce my pants.
Anyways, just trying to help me. A good day to use sir sincerely Craig Worthing.
Wonder what ever happened to Craig Worthing. Is he on the air somewhere now?
I don't know. I thought you guys were still in touch.
You run away with his Chinese husband or whatever happened.
I'm sure Mr. Radio will tell you. Now Mr. Radio will know while he's blocked.
Several people blocked on there and thank God for that.
Got to find a new library to email you from now.
Mr. Radio and all his... I'm not going to go into it. I just get angry.
Angry, furious.
Don't get mad.
Like the Twitter. Just check the Twitter's. Okay, Mr. Radio.
And you laugh with the fact that our buddy Lee is Twittering that that's just...
It's the new thing so all these up-to-date people are doing it not us old farts but they are.
It's pathetic.
Oh, I'm listening to Neil rip me on the air right now. I'm taking a big good dump right now.
I want the opposite of Twitter.
And what's that Twitter?
Oh yeah, there you go. A website that hides what you're doing at any given moment
rather than telling everybody what you are doing.
New support the Center for Immigration Studies by donating online here.
No, I'll pass. Sorry.
How do you like that?
That's my latest entry on the emails.
Neil at nearrojers.com, by the way, we could share you some more really meaningful crap today.
Oh, Neil! You're the thing to know.
Let us know when we're done.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-1 hour on QAM.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their 5-O versus better?
Uh-huh.
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of YouSank My Martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion!
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible,
and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll take a guess. Um, how about a kiss?
Nope, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll nails and a tiny spear.
Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers!
Tell the one of QAM, what's this?
I'm gonna go pee, suck.
That's absolutely right.
Please, come to 200.
Who wants to be a millionaire? Why is that on?
I don't know. How did I get on WGN?
I don't know.
Must be magic. What must be like freaking magic?
I thought we were doing the racing channel.
Oh, it's race one at the Meadows!
It's the Meadows!
Let me go back to CNN and cut the crap.
Enough of the racing stuff.
Mike Mark Hock is just trying to encourage me to do a lot of racing stuff because he knows it's a gigantic tune out.
Probably. I'm sure that Dan Labaster would put him up to it because he hates horse racing.
Here's some of the worst news in the history of the human race.
Just got out of my car when you were talking about county frances.
Well, here's some useless information.
They're making a movie about her life and guess who is playing her?
I don't know. Britney.
Worse.
Larry sends me this information.
Roon my day by the worst than Britney.
Paris.
Worse.
God, how much lower can you go?
Think boat accident.
Natalie Wood.
No, Gloria Estefan.
Yes.
Gloria Estefan playing county frances?
Yes.
Uh.
You've got to be smitten me.
Who's going to play the young county frances?
The young Gloria Estefan.
Uh-huh.
Because she-
How do I know?
She could play county frances now.
Yeah, I wish she would.
Why county frances isn't dead?
Is she?
No, but I'm sure she's old.
Oh, yeah.
Old and probably in a booby hat in a nut house.
She had some issues, you know, like-
Probably too many of those, uh,
Frankie Avalon movies with the Netflix and the cello.
Was she in those movies?
In the For Lauderdale?
I doubt it.
I doubt it.
Remember those?
Yep.
Where-
She just sang the music.
Where are the boys are?
At the Marlon Beach hotels where the boys were.
For Lauderdale, used to be so-
Yay.
And then of course they got all upset about that.
They don't want any young people there.
No spring break, no nothing.
We want all the old people to sit around and die in peace.
George Lopez enters the talk show wars.
Oh, how exciting.
Joey Bishop, Dick Cabot, and Pat Sejek,
I'll try to challenge the legendary Johnny Carson's
supremacy all fell short.
Joe and Rivers lasted less than eight months
as host of a Fox show.
Chevy Chase lasted less than eight weeks on his Fox entry.
Even in recent years when late night shows are all over the
cable, Pumae could dent in the ratings,
or even in the public consciousness.
So does comedian and former sitcom star George Lopez
believe he could overcome those challenges
and put on a talk show people will talk about?
The paraphrase of slogan Lopez heard plenty last year
when he traveled a campaign trail as one of Barack Obama's
supporters.
Yes, he does.
You know what I'm thinking?
No, he can't.
No, he won't.
But you know me.
I'm so negative.
I hate everybody.
Right.
I believe that the audience is more diverse,
less represented than it's ever been.
He said the phone interview,
noting that there has been 20 years since the African
American performer, or Cindy O'Hall,
launched his late night show.
Late night remains the preserve of
generally white male comedians.
Remember our scenario sitting on the edge of the couch
like he was going to fall on the floor?
Yep.
And the audience do their...
Wow.
I could make a comment about that, but I won't.
It's not even about black and white anymore because so many people are for mixed
backgrounds and mixed ethnicities.
It's just a great time to be able to pull all that together.
Yeah, pull this, George.
Lopez.
Lopez show who will air on TVS beginning in November.
There's no straight to the talk shows.
He was on Johnny Carson's tonight's show.
And he admired David Letterman and Bill Marr,
among others.
Well, how do you like that?
I admire Brian Sears and Brad Cramer,
but I'm not going to go out and drive harness horses.
I mean, what does that mean?
Because he admires them.
But he thinks the Lopez show will bring some fresh energy to late night.
TVS likes CNN as a unit of time order.
Well, this is from the fake Tom Jicca.
The comedian says he already has big plans to make a show distinctive
from its more open setting to Lopez's determination
to make the audience a key part of the show.
Oh, yeah.
That sure worked out well for us.
Remember those appearances that specs in those places?
Yeah.
Remember that?
Or her?
We try to get people to come up and say something and oh,
did that work out well or what?
No.
No, not good.
Not good.
Now, let me see if these emails are going to continue
of pouring in.
They've been trickling the dows down to 70.
Not good.
Nist good.
Just in says turn the vibe.
What is this about?
Oh, it's got a link to something.
Turn the volume way down.
Not off before watching the video.
550 horsepower rotary motor in a Suzuki samurai.
Eighth of mile going 150 miles.
Why do I care about this?
Turn the volume way down.
I won't get to the volume because I just deleted it.
Good plan.
It was a link.
A link.
Oh, gee, now just deleted one betting court.
Whoever he is.
Oh, no, somebody had a block.
Yeah, that's a crazy Christian guy.
Is it?
Yeah, he calls the emails.
Oh, that's a.
He's not fact in the church.
Him probably.
He was likely.
That's who I think that is.
Yes.
Well, he's been around a long time and I just
deleted his message because he was blocked.
Right.
And the block one's going to be just
releasing and I might delete the volume.
Vanished long ponders emails about
you got to read this and you got to read that.
And he is just unacceptable to him that we don't agree with his horse crap.
I see.
And you think he's serious?
He's a not.
He's a serious nut.
He's a serious religious fanatic,
faggot nut.
Oh, speaking of that, they had the Reverend Fred
Philpso on last time.
Some documentary I was watching.
Speaking of that.
God hates faggots.
God hates faggots.
Yeah, well, that's true.
I'm not sure if you're afraid.
Oh, my God.
He talked about sick, he minted.
I don't know why they just don't take him out.
To lunch.
I don't mean take him out for lunch.
Just take him out.
Take him out.
I don't know.
Like that.
Take him fishing.
Yeah, Fredo Fredo.
Like Fredo.
Hey, Fredo.
Few more hail marries.
I'll do it with sweet.
Hail Mary.
Pull it.
Pull it crap.
The religious stuff just, you know,
it just won't go away.
The brainwashing job is so spectacular.
It's just amazing.
The things that people do.
Well, we already had Ask Wednesday.
And when we were in,
in Red Lobster Friday and we had to stand online for 35, 40 minutes
or least wait online.
We sat.
But I got a great revelation from John who told me the reason
was so busy in Red Lobster Friday.
Notice because it was the beginning of Lent.
I see.
And people don't eat meat during Lent.
Is that correct?
They give something up.
So maybe he's a lot of people giving up on me.
You have me.
I guess if I would have been an ultra over the weekend,
I wouldn't have done that.
No, they had a lot of meat on a stick.
Really?
Yeah, I had like three cababs.
I'm going to try to stick it.
Richard Mullins in the Tampa Tribune writes,
if you see Penny's laying on the ground in Tampa this week.
And I don't think we have any Tampa listeners.
But nevertheless, if you see Penny's laying on the ground in Tampa,
this week picked them up.
Tichy's pizza rear.
This morning scattered a million pennies around sidewalks in the US,
especially marked with a sticker worth a free meal at Tichy's.
Do you ever hear of Tichy's CICI?
No.
I never heard of it.
This is the first time we've done a PR stone like this.
We're really excited to create more present of Tichy's pizza.
It attracts attention from the oddness as much as anything.
But it links very closely with the value part of our brand and the fun nature of our brand.
It attracts attention from the oddness.
What does that mean in the oddness?
Is that like the Guinness?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That the reverend is always talking about, brings out the Guinness.
Uh-oh.
Everybody's blowing it today.
Yep.
If this campaign works well enough,
anytime anyone sees it Penny anywhere,
they'll think about Tichy's coupon or not more said.
Thus emerges the latest round of what's becoming a golden age of advertising stunts,
kicked off in February by Denny's giving away grand slam meals
to whoever came to the restaurant center given day.
Millions of people showed up.
Millions of snores.
Companies love such advertising stunts,
especially given the weak economy and the scattered attention span of Americans.
Compane to mainstream advertising,
they tend to be cheap fun and build a brand name.
And best of all, the best stunt show up on local TV news.
Case in point,
Kentucky fried chicken started to stunt in recent days in Louisville,
where people could spot a pothole in the road called KFC,
which would send a private road crew out to fix it and place a temporary KFC logo on the patch
refreshed by KFC.
The stunt didn't really have anything to do with chicken.
However, it works.
It's got something and assistant advertising professor at the University of South Tampa.
The story showed up in local news across the nation and the fee publicity is worth millions.
While bringing those KFC people to Toronto, man, we do a lot of potholes to fill.
God.
Potholes here are really, really bad.
I don't want to sound like I'm complaining, but you know what? I am.
Bad potholes.
Yeah, if you ever go over potholes and it felt like the whole suspension of your car was just going to like
fall apart all the time.
Do you?
Yep.
Go, I haven't lately, but when I lived up north.
Yeah, the bad winners make for bad potholes.
And then of course, they're bad people who are maybe like not potholes, but ass
clowns as pots.
I'm coming.
Come in. It's past noon.
A QA. We're going to go.
I think you're coming.
I ain't going to work in no more.
I've had enough of all the cringotids.
Far as hell.
I'm going to get money away.
You know the question for print 4.
You can take your card and come in.
Oh, I ain't worse than been in no more.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God, believer of these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures, written by queers.
You ferry.
Get your keys to his powerful God and all the one in a mighty way.
Accepted 9-11 when he must have been gone.
On a bus friend all the day.
Take your card and shove it.
Brackum.
I ain't going to work in no more.
Just that you're all right.
Yep, you're with us because everybody else is wrong.
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
In the name of this visible Lord.
We'll take your card and shove it.
Absolutely.
I ain't worse than been in no more.
Yeah.
Take your card and shove it.
Oh, I ain't worse than been in no more.
Deal, God.
1217-560-WDQM.
Here's George.
What's up, Senator?
This is, you feel really loggy when you got a cold, yeah?
Oh, I know.
No energy.
You feel like I could just lay back in the chair and maybe I'll do it during one of the great cold.
It's a crack.
Pass out.
Pass out pennies?
You know, speaking of the God's quad, they say God is everywhere.
Wonder if God is in your...
Correct him.
I bet you God is up there in your colon.
He's everywhere he wants to be.
That's right.
Up your ass.
Boy, the Lord is all over the place and he sure works in mysterious ways.
Well, here's what, and I'll tell you, let me tell you who I also put in the same category
with Brandon as far as a really good emailer's Cliff and Kendall.
Okay?
He sends a lot of really good stories, huh?
Good plan.
Good plan, what?
Putting them on that list.
Oh, well, very short list.
A Washington man tried to pay a more than $200 traffic ticket by sending a plastic bag filled
with coins and urine to a county billing office deputy said in Portland, Oregon.
That's something I can't wrap my mind around said sergeant Phil Andrew Chuck.
I wonder if he's killed kind of Dave Andrew Chuck.
Of the Multnomah County Sheriff's Orifice, the thought process of acting consciously,
consummating the act of urinating in a box full of coins that someone is going to receive.
The men didn't break any postal laws by mailing the combination of urine and change to the
Multnomah County Court reported TV station, KP TV in Portland.
Postal official said it is legal to mail urine or other bodily fluids as long as their package
properly in a way that doesn't leak or smell.
Was it?
The county employees said the package was wrapped tightly until it reached the courthouse mail room
and didn't smell until it was opened.
All right then.
This reminds me of that channel four thing that it years ago with the
Kohler Rectol exams.
Yeah.
I heard it.
They had that card.
You shamed a little bit of your, yeah.
And we had a story about the post men were swooning.
They used that exact word in all the stories.
The post the postal guys were swooning
from delivering those packages to channel four.
Because of a policy of only accepting up to $20 and change,
court workers returned his money postage due.
It doesn't say whether they returned to urine or not.
Thice cliff and Kendall for that simulating story.
When that good, that was great.
Kales says, Connie Francis claims she never recovered from being raped while she was staying
at some hotel in Long Island, New York, while performing there.
I'm going to seize again.
Come on now.
Thank you.
Well, it took a long time.
You know, nice hang time there.
Oh, God.
So Connie Francis was raped at it.
I never knew that.
Wow.
And I could understand why she, you know,
have a little problem with that.
When you think?
Sure.
I don't even know if I want to acknowledge the fact we got this awful poll going.
Oh, Lord asked Limbaugh says, I love those cheddar.
Cheddar bay biscuits at Red Lobster.
40 of them for lunch.
What say you?
I say they suck.
And I should tell them don't, don't bring them because I, you know,
sometimes if the service is a little bit slow, which usually isn't.
But if it is, I'll eat those things and boy, those are killer.
If you have a carb problem like I do.
Yeah.
They ever have those biscuits?
Where I run out of the red blaster.
Yeah, the red blaster.
It's been so long since I've been there.
I don't remember if there were biscuits.
Well, I'll tell you the one here is a damn good one.
I eat it.
I don't care if anybody else likes it or not.
Because everything I do is wrong.
Anyway, according to the audience.
So I might as well, at least I'm consistent.
At least I'm consistent.
Persistent and consistent.
I'm a survivor.
I keep showing up in Spadajoeville and Clarence and Joyce
and the Beasley's and the audience and the signal.
All of these things.
Right.
Omisha is back today.
Remember, Misha?
Sure.
She says, I was on vacation for a week.
Sorry, I couldn't email you, but I did listen all last week.
Anyway, I took the trip to Vancouver due to the overwhelming amount of positive reviews about
the city and must say I was not disappointed.
Love the scenery.
Whether it was okay, we did great.
My boyfriend and I were high the whole time we were there.
It was great.
George, that's the city you got of his.
It's on the list.
It's on the top of the list.
Anyway, I'm back at the office today and it sucks.
I wish I could have stayed another week.
Hope you guys have a great weekend.
As always, much love from your sister, listen to me,
sure.
Thanks, Misha.
Well, I tell you we're starting.
It's not even 1230 yet.
And we got a slim amount of crap.
Oh, I still got that parasol in the story at the bottom of my pile.
I sure hope I don't have to get to that.
Yeah, keep it at the bottom.
Well, if there's something to put on top of it, you know what I'm saying?
Something to put on top of Paris.
Oh, God.
There was shortage from what I understand.
Oh, what just said.
Nasty.
And I guess she really thinks she's got talent.
Listen, she's just to push.
She's got money.
So she can think whatever she wants.
She doesn't have to care what anybody else thinks.
I would say on a scale of infinity, the best way to have a lot of
money is to inherit it.
Right?
That's the best way to make a lot of money is to have somebody else leave it to you.
I mean, I might do that someday, but I doubt it.
Because I think when I spend it all before I croak,
unless I croak real soon, well, good.
Is it good?
Have a good time with it.
Yeah, that's a good point.
It is so boiling hot in here and between that and the cold,
I better crack a window.
It's like freezing in here and you're up there.
Is it really?
You're up there in Canadian in the frozen tundra.
That was down to 54.
Yeah, but now it's that in between.
You know, when spring comes and it's the counter in the AC on yet,
in the building because it's not on yet.
It's all over the place now.
The temperature.
What?
The temperature, isn't it?
What do you mean, it's all over the place when it starts this ring.
This ring and I'm one day it was like one day it was, I think,
Friday or Saturday.
It was 54.
And like right now, it's 34 and murky.
That's her cast and over who takes great pride in repeating
the Toronto weather forecast.
He steals it off the show like everything else he does.
I'll give you the pull result once, but I'm not too happy about it.
In fact, do we have the pull switch?
Oh, yeah.
I think I'm going to switch it.
I don't like this pull.
I think it sucks.
And I apologize for putting it on there.
If I would have wanted to, I could have come up with a better one myself.
This pull just blows.
Here's the new one.
Something about my spouse that aggravates the cramp out of me is that he or she
blanks.
Spends too much money.
Can't cook.
Won't cook.
Screws other people.
Doesn't like sex with me.
Is a terrible parent.
Is a terrible housekeeper.
Is ugliest sin.
Is an unemployed freeloader.
Is a drunk.
Is too wholesome for me.
Is a sports junkie.
Is getting too old.
Has no sense of humor.
Keeps having babies.
Doesn't like me.
I don't have a spouse or my spouse is my soulmate.
That's the new pull.
Okay.
Here's the final telly.
Thank God on this horrible other one.
I'm getting a hit.
Can't getting old because.
Is there anybody who likes getting old.
I don't know.
Kid.
Just stupid.
I can't get old because most of the above 113.
What's the question 97.
That right there should tell you an awful lot about this pull.
Here is showing up at unwanted places 60.
My hair is gone 45.
I can't get it up 38.
My hair is gray 38.
I pee too much 33.
I can't see 20.
I fall and I can't get up 13.
My ass is huge 12.
Brack them.
I sit in my testicle 7.
I'm constipated 5.
I can't pee 4.
My ass has more dimples than a golf ball 3.
My ass is gone 3.
I need depends to my ears are so large I can fly one.
My bra is my belt one and it won't go down none.
That makes sense to me it won't go down none.
Cute.
Unless they're popping all them pills that they keep selling us online.
All the spam all the time.
We got soft sea allison hard sea allison.
Oh.
Oh no 3.
39 this morning again that seems to be the time every in the middle of the night every night.
I get one.
From a Sally Williams or Sally Fitz or so silly ass non-existent bitch.
Best prices on soft sea allos blah blah blah blah blah.
Let's find out where those people are and who they are.
Just like.
Kill them.
Sure.
Neil.
God.
In a place that smells just like the bad day at the shoe.
It's back dressed and dragged a drink that we need to use.
If you wanna bring the circle that made it to the day.
It seems all you gotta do is just ask the other end.
 eternity
Radium 
Don't care because you
daddy.
But
pink
sticks
when I come
Oh, glory.
Music bill, please, be mad.
It's the Taliban man.
And as a butt-crack, it's an instant Taliban man.
And here's a bomb for the Taliban in Afghanistan.
And the bomb, oh, on our poor, hello, our light is short.
No 32 at QAM, scratch each throughout Monday.
Boy, I'll be fine.
I'll be back tomorrow or not.
This is a case may be.
OK, I'm a silence.
What?
I'm right here.
$100.
Are you absorbing it?
I'm soaking it in.
I'm soaking it in.
Yeah.
Yeah, soak this.
And this poll, it seems to me we've done one so very similar recently to this.
Yes.
But what are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
Well, what was the other one?
I wasn't the same thing.
Was it?
No.
I don't know.
Something about my spouse.
Something about it.
And I don't have a spouse who's got eight is leading.
So many choices.
My spouse is my soulmate six.
Doesn't like sex with me five.
Three loader.
Maybe she likes it with somebody, but now with them.
Well, so just to prove that everything is nothing is perfect.
Somebody sends me this story.
I've been hearing a lot about this lately.
Vancouver.
With its spectacular bay and stunning snow cat peaks, Vancouver easily ranks as one
of the world's most beautiful cities.
But in recent months, the people of Canada's Olympic city have been living in fear.
A lot of shooting and killing thrown on lately.
Even as Vancouver prepares to host the 2010 Winter Games, its crime rate is going up.
Since January alone, there have been 45 shootings in the region, 17 of them fatal.
There were 58 murders last year in this region of 2.7 million people up from 41 year before.
Its terrifying is Doris Long, who lives in the scene of a double murder on March 10.
This used to be the best city in the world.
I fear for my children at a nearby elementary school.
Students movements were immediately restricted as the word of the spreading of the killing spread and the spreading kills.
The root of the problem seems to be drugs or rather a shortage of them.
The Mexican cocaine supply line extends through the US, especially Los Angeles, up to Vancouver,
according to the Royal, the RCMP superintendent, Pat Foguri.
The RCMP, baby, Royal Canadian-mounted police.
What was his name?
And Dudley-Dudry.
Dudley-Dudry, very good.
Or Dudley-Dudry, do wrong.
God.
And his horse.
The Nell.
Yeah.
But now the Mexican government of President Felipe Caltarone has mobilized 45,000 soldiers and 5,000 federal police to curb cartel activity.
That's driven off the price of cocaine in Vancouver from 23,300 per kilogram to almost 39,000 Foguri, he says, and gangs are killing each other.
People are nervous and so are the police as Foguri had the regional gang task force.
They published outrage, the government's outraged.
Everybody's pissed off and fired up.
Vancouver's social activist, Jamie Lee Hamilton, who lives in Vancouver, CD downtown Eastside.
She says she no longer has much faith in the justice system.
I'm really apprehensive about going out in the evening, Hamilton says.
We've turned into an American city.
Oh, boy.
Oh, my God.
The last thing you want to do is turn into an American city.
Public Safety Minister Peter Van Lone recently called Vancouver the country's gang capital and said the violence is the worst in Canada.
Canada's largest city, Toronto has seen only 11 murders this year in a population of 5.1 million almost double that of the Vancouver area.
On a visit to Vancouver earlier this month, where I met with family members of victims, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper proposed a new law that would label gang killings as first to be murdered with a sense of at least 25 years and no parole.
The law would also create a new offensive with a minimum four year jail term for drive by shootings.
Harper said people planning to attend the winter game should not worry about violence with 15,000 police officers, private security military personnel expected to provide security.
But shopkeeper Nandal Oed disagrees.
He says nobody should feel safe coming to the games.
Oed's suburban convenience store is just across the street from where shots were fired over morning rush hour traffic.
Mark's tent leaving two brothers, eight 19 and 22 dead.
The violence is spread far beyond the city's notoriously drug-infested downtown east side.
Oed says he's removed the wire case transfer business from his store because of the violence.
Police warned him we earlier people carrying guns in the neighborhood and he believes unemployment addiction are fueling the violence.
The unemployment rate in British Columbia jumped to 7.25% in February up from 4.4% last February.
It's very, very scary Oed says we can't carry money here.
In one particularly brazen shooting last month a mother with shot dead in her husband's luxury vehicle in broad daylight as her four year old said in the backseat.
Hundreds turned out to protest game violence last month after the string of shootings.
Local authorities say they've stepped up actions to curb the gangs and their violence.
Police announced the arrest of 10 gang members recently and four more arrested on drugs and weapons offenses earlier this month.
Vancouver has become a safe place in which the growing produce a variety of drugs they said.
It's a combination of our geography.
A somewhat more laid back approach to drugs and drug use and the proximity to the border easy export routes, especially the US.
I can't think of any other city in Canada that shares those characteristics they be saying.
Well, like I said, don't go to Vancouver.
At least me sure got back alive. That's good.
I was talking to go.
You're not going anywhere.
You're going to drive there in your new car. That's right.
How's that new vehicle coming?
It drives like a dream.
Oh, let's see. Here's the Chester Copperpod Jason.
He's also fairly useful.
Like I said, there's maybe a half a dozen people who got something to say.
Here's one pull man.
I think you should change your name to nail N.A.I.L. has a hard stud like sound with.
And this pull he suggests the biggest piece of Schmidt car ever made had was made by Blake. I'm not putting that on him.
No.
That would be like rubbing it in.
At a time when people can't sell cars for lower money, especially money.
Jason says I also went to Red Lobster this weekend with my family.
We had a fantastic meal. I had a combo plate with me lobster tail scallops and shrimp all grilled on their new wood burning grill. Awesome.
We all enjoyed the meal. Our waiter was great too.
Yeah, my waiter on I figured which night it was was really good.
He had a wedding band on, but I wouldn't stop me. I left him a nice tip.
A big tip.
A fat piece? He was good.
F you all you foods not stop. So I just stuff a corn cob of your joy says Jason.
I also had two questions. What does sitting on my testicles mean on the pole? I don't get it.
What part of that don't you understand?
Maybe he's not old.
Oh, well someday you'll understand when you start sitting on your testicles.
Also, George, you went to ultra festival question mark where the kids they're calling you grandpa.
Holy cow, the average age of there must have been like 12.
What was the average age there?
Jorah, I don't know, 20 something. Really? Yeah.
Those kids must have been looking at her old ass like who is he shaperoning?
Come on, George. I love you. But grow up, dude.
Says, and he had a good time.
Just a one of those cranks and he doesn't love me so.
And he what? And he doesn't love me and I did have a great time.
John, that's what he's up for.
He said that you went to a place where you had a good time.
Yeah, I had a great time. And I was with people, you know, more or less my own age.
And we weren't the only ones there.
But yeah, generally speaking, you know, younger people listen to new music.
So, and older people don't like me.
I would have had a good time.
Even like me, you know, once you're in the middle of age, don't listen to a lot of new music anymore, which is sad.
But I ain't gonna stop.
Not that you're defensive.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Since everything and everyone at Disney World is out of the closet so to speak,
we now have special gay days.
We've changed the rights to suit our lifestyle.
Yo, ho, ho, be a swashbuckler on butt pirates of the Caribbean.
And we've modified the tunnel of Perif.
You can ride with Mickey's new domestic partner, Gerald Gell.
Hey, it's Gerald Gell here.
Make sure you try a string around my leg, cause get stuck so bitch.
Oh, I was the bitch.
Shut up.
Yo, ho, ho.
Club 45 and 560 WQM, if there's one thing in the world I cannot stand.
And there are many things, but it's, you know, those people, that crowd.
Good balls.
The Dow is down 264, not good.
Here's sarcastic saying, which is, I'm not surprised you ate at Red Lobster.
I'm just surprised you waited to see food restaurant at all.
Don't you hate all seafood?
Or is it just the fish you can't stand?
I don't like fish.
Is that okay?
There are a lot of people don't like fish.
I still like shellfish.
I love lobster.
I love clams.
I love sea imp.
In Disney World, they have a lot more than just that.
And I certainly love chowda.
Oh, do I love that clam chowda?
Yeah, I would love that.
I love the lobster stuffed mushrooms.
You ever had the lobster stuffed mushrooms at Red Lobster?
Uh, no.
Good crap.
And the chocolate wave dessert, I'm telling you, just to die four and from.
Then it goes on to say the hatred toward Red Lobster needs to be put into context.
It is far from the ocean.
You know, I see if one is far from the ocean, it's definitely better than no seafood at all.
But if you are near the sea and haven't for all things gastronomical such as I am,
you have a lot more alternatives.
That's why I'm bragging about eating in Boston again.
As you must know, there are countless roadside seafood stands from the North Shore,
all the way through Maine, serving some great lobster, old scallops, clams, etc.,
damn, it's good stuff.
Well, good for you.
We're not in Boston, okay?
Not in New England.
Sorry.
Also completely unrelated.
And then this is signed Happy Monday, Sam in Boston.
A lot of miserable bashedids in Boston.
Ray Lusebin, what a lot of people overlook about his career was that he was the coach who created history
by starting the first African-American quarterback.
It was in the story I read it.
His name was Marlon Briscoe.
He went on to change teams and positions, becoming great receiver alongside our beloved
German team.
He was dead.
How old was he?
95?
Boy, I don't know.
You like to make it to 95 and relatively good health?
And then just one night go to bed and you don't wake up.
That would be okay, wouldn't it?
Sure.
95.
That gives me another like 29 years.
I'll still be on the air.
I better play Old Neil, huh?
Sounds good.
Speaking of Old Neil, remember that fake Chris that we had on the Myspace?
Long before we had fakes on email, we had fakes on Myspace.
Remember there was that one?
Yeah.
And there was the fake Chris.
We got fakes.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever.
If there's any way that fakers can come out, they do that's right.
Facebook, Facebook, Myspace, your space, my place, your place, Twitter, Twitter.
Now, is Twitter, can fakers get on Twitter?
I assume.
Do they tweet?
If it's a computer, you can be a fake on it.
And what are we going to do about this con, con, con, faker?
That's the name of it.
That's the name of the virus, the worm, the deadly worm, that they have
ways to do on April 4th.
What did they say to do about it?
They said, but I'm up on the tape.
They just say squat.
They're going to do exactly that.
I'm going to squat even even the CBS computers God.
What do you call it?
Tweeded.
No, not Freeded, infected.
Oh, I see.
Jesus, God.
You're supposed to be Mr. Computer, I thought.
Well, that doesn't mean that I'm going to know what you're talking about.
Conficker, you haven't heard about it?
Yes, he has been into it.
You're spending too much time with those teeny-bop music festivals.
I'm not paying attention to the important things that are going around in the world like Conficker.
I'll deal with it if I have to.
Yeah, like getting a new computer would be good.
Well, what are they going to buy you a new computer?
Ah, you're funny right after the car.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they drive the new car up into the parking garage.
They're right by the building and under the thing there, the covered parking.
And you open up the truck and there's a beautiful new PC in there.
Right.
Yeah, with your name on it.
Uh-huh.
Now, when is the big move coming down the street?
I'll may or something or later.
I don't know.
I don't know.
May or something or never.
Are they sure they sure keep you in the loop, don't they?
Hey, me and everybody else.
Keep us in the loop.
We have no idea what's going on.
I mean, wouldn't you think there'd be like preparations that people are going to have to make for moving the whole operation down to another building?
Wouldn't you think?
Right.
And you're going to be just in one room.
We don't have the second room.
No.
So I guess that precludes the possibility of my ever coming down there and doing another show from that studio.
That's correct.
I'm crushed.
I doubt it.
Scuse up all my arrangements.
I doubt it.
Tonya.
Scuse up all my plans.
Scuse up all my arrangements.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
You know, all I talk about, the casting for the Godfather and they wanted this one to play that non-coriose.
And that one.
And but when you look back on it, you can't envision anybody else playing the characters who did.
Absolutely not.
Nobody else could have been done Corleone like Marlon Branda.
Certainly nobody could have been sunny like James Conn.
Nobody else could have been afraid of like the weasley John Cazal.
Was he always weasley?
He was weasley and everything else I've seen him in.
Addica.
Addica.
What was that movie?
Doggashan.
Folia.
Weasley.
He's kind of weasley.
Of course his partner in crime was a you know.
Yeah.
Chris Randit.
Gay.
Well, no, he was Al Patino's part.
Oh, that's right.
Sorry.
I forgot.
He's in crime.
He's not a homosexual and I'm not.
I want you to still tell him the number.
Yeah, that's right.
He'll buy association.
Yeah, and all about it.
Something about my spice that I spice at the spicy spouse.
That aggravates.
That aggravates the crap out of me.
Is that he or she.
I don't have a spouse.
14.
I'm telling you we just did this one.
That's all right.
Let's let's repeat him every other day like footy did.
Look what it did for him.
Right.
My spouse is my soulmate.
12.
Doesn't like sex with me.
8.
Is a terrible housekeeper for spends too much money for.
Is to wholesome for me to.
To wholesome.
Is an unemployed freeloader to.
Can't cook to.
Has no sense of humor.
One is getting too old.
One.
Well, if they're getting too old, what about you?
Right.
Right.
Is a drunk one.
Screws other people.
One.
Screws other people.
And none yet for doesn't like me keeps having babies.
Is a sports junkie.
Is his ugliest sin.
Is a terrible parent or won't cook.
None for that.
Those.
Oh.
Adam Oshmuk sends me.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Links.
Don't mess with this guy.
Well, I won't because I just deleted all of it.
And here is a thing about.
The Miami music thing.
This is what you were talking about that you went to.
The Miami music thing.
I'll get to it here.
Just relax.
Okay.
Lots of time.
Unfortunately, we got an hour and seven minutes.
Although we get a few emails here.
Winter music conference.
Garb, less than average.
A couple articles here about the winter music.
Is that what that was?
No.
No.
No.
Well, I'll be damned.
I thought I had something that was right up your alley, so to speak.
I'll bend over.
Let's see.
You'll be interested in the advisory posted below.
Feel free to contact me any time for more information.
Says John.
And the advisory stormrider tour to highlight coastal vulnerabilities impact.
You have got to be schmitting me.
I will not be interested and couldn't care less.
Oh, can you?
Well, you know, I just saw until I printed this these out.
Despite our economy, Miami music conference ahead.
It was 10 p.m. on a recent night in Dennis Wheeler director marketing for the
Shellborn hotel looked exhausted.
I've only had two hours late.
He said holding a wad of hot pink wristbands as the DJ's loud bass beats echoed off
nearby heart.
Echo hotels.
Wheeler was manning the guest list for the seemingly never-ending pool party held
at the hotel during the winter music conference week.
This has nothing to do with what you went to.
Got by name, certainly.
The winter music conference.
Well, what is that?
I heard the article about it.
Yeah, great.
Where?
This weekend has been the annual winter music conference where the industry and hardcore
music friends, fiends come to fallick and the sun possibly attends them cutting
it seminars network with international music big waste.
But most of all, this is the world famous DJ's spinning music.
I caught Roger Sanchez at mansion in Bob's and Claret set and there was
sweating room only.
Fire Marshalls were his popular as meter maids.
His German were kings and club owners were thrilled that the recession wasn't affecting
their cash register.
Many tourists tried to emulate Miami club stuff but most didn't pull it off with their
rancorous sunburns.
Believe it or not, I saw one horrific sun glass outline and their summer wardrobe badly
needed a meeting updates.
You could tell who was from 305 and it was not.
Although many girls wore skirts too short for their shape, wedges at night and sun
glasses like they were Corey Hart, I have to give them credit for trying.
It's not easy to dress like you're from Miami.
Most of the people who frequent the scene are obsessed with self grooming.
Their bodies are told from daily visits to the gym.
Their tan from the sun or their favorite self-tanner.
Manacures and pedicures are part of their regiment as well as many hours spent
fusing with their hair at home in the salon.
Designer labels are common even for the working class.
Ask anyone here and they'll tell you that at least they own one Louis Vuitton bag.
Oh, I got two.
Are you proud of me?
As Pudge.
Well, if you call my woodbine wallet a bag, I got a small suitcase.
Paco's got all kinds of Louis Vuitton because he's a big shot.
Other cities allow you to mask your style and figure out a ton of winterwear.
But fortunately or unfortunately what you see is what you get in sunny South Florida.
So if you can't strut your stuff with the big boys, that advise you to KISS.
Keep it simple, stupid.
KISS.
You send me something?
Nope.
Adfacts.
Handyman Plumber.
Well, I don't have no need for no plumber here.
Oh, my new toilet.
Woody Graber says that ultra was part of the winter music fest.
One of the many events that are going on I guess as a part of the winter music fest.
So is everybody naked and hot and these things are not?
There was a lot of that.
What was an old fart like you doing there anyway?
Having a good time.
Well, here we go again.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Hey, y'all.
I just wanted to give everyone a quick blog update about my Britney Spears circus tour.
Well, everything has been great so far.
In fact, what the...
My f**k is hanging out, y'all.
Like I was saying, the tour has been fabulous.
Time on the road with...
What the...
My f**k is hanging out again, y'all.
Time to become a problem here.
Anyway, I'm really excited about the next tour stop.
Excuse me, mommy.
You f**king hanging out.
Hang y'all.
I gotta go.
I guess it's time to go paint shopping.
LOL.
T-T-Y-L-Y-O.
She's hanging out lately, you know.
She's a pimp.
She's doing a lot of hanging out.
102 at 560 WQM.
It's her big one and two hour.
Thank God.
I do sound okay.
You do?
But I feel like cram.
Well, the good thing we can't feel you then.
No, the field is...
Altra is the grand finale to the Winter Music Conference.
It starts on Wednesday ends on Sunday after Altra.
The Winter Music I see.
And you thought it was totally disconnected.
Well, you know, I'm an out of date old man.
Out of touch.
Yeah, what's it old fart like you doing?
There were a bunch of hot, young naked people.
I know what I'd be doing, probably.
Guess who died?
Able Lincoln.
No.
Horse.
A horse?
Alley Shiba.
Don't know it.
Don't know it.
87 Kentucky Derby Whittier.
You did never heard of Alley Shiba?
What kind of a horse player expert are you?
A thousand, two seventy one, by the way.
At least it hasn't made it to three hundred yet.
But, a long way to go.
In 1987, America's race could have become a disaster's pile-up if not for the agility of the cult,
later called America's horse.
In mid-stretch with fifteen raffles behind him, second place Alley Shiba nearly fell after clipping heels with fur running,
bent twice.
Alley Shiba recovered immediately in one of Kentucky Derby, the breakthrough trapped in his Hall of Fame career.
Not until he saw the replay to Jackie Chris McCarran realized how close they'd come to going down.
You ever come close to going down?
Not lately.
Just this morning.
He stumbled so quick and got up so quick that Chris said before he knew it they were back running again.
Alley Shiba's trainer, Jack Van Berg said last year on HR TV.
Trainer William Proctor said most horses going a mile and a quarter looking for a place to lie down.
Alley Shiba laid down, got back up and still beat him.
I remember it like it was just yesterday.
The 1988 horse of the year was euthanized late Friday night at Haggyer at Iquan Medical in St. Lexington, Kentucky,
after injuring his right-hand leg that afternoon the fall in his stall at the Kentucky Horse Park.
He had a fall in his stall.
Y'all.
As Brittany would say, y'all.
Oh, I just can't deal with that whole red necky, oh.
Huh, huh?
Come on, alley.
A chronic degenerative spinal condition was extremely painful and prevented Alley Shiba from standing unated.
He died at the age of 25, five months after returning from Saudi Arabia, where he spent the previous eight years at St. F. King Abdullah.
How do you like that?
Them damn Meshmatah heads.
Yep.
He was buried Saturday morning outside the Horse Park's Holla Champions.
He and 20-year-old Lil'et were put down only nine days apart.
I remember Lil'et leaving strife the gold at 21 as the oldest living Derby winner.
Oh, they're coming to take Alley Shiba's body away, you hear them?
I hear it.
The siren.
In the past 21 years, nine triple-crown hopefuls fell short in the Belmont stakes, and Alley Shiba was the first finishing of this and fourth of it twice.
There was no doubt in my mind he was going to win the triple-crown Van Burset, and McCarran blamed himself for a bad ride.
He can't blame Kent DeSermo for a bad ride on that one horse in the second race on Friday at Gulfstream.
That horse just stopped to a walk, puked, gagged.
Should have brought that tank of oxygen, man, like those people it would buy.
You got to see these people with the walkers.
What do you...
We got some of those at Gulfstream, too.
What do you call that? Well, I'm sure Gulfstream always was. The average age there was death plus 20.
You can look where it is, it's in Halendale.
That people on scooters.
Yeah. Now, what do you call the walkers on wheels?
I don't know, walkin' rollers. I don't know.
Do you know what I'm talkin' about?
We see them all the time, yeah.
They're walkers and they have wheels on them, and they have a seat, like you can sit down on it.
It's real convenient because like bicycles, you know, they've got arms, and you can hang your oxygen thing and the tank and all that stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, can you see me? I'm 85, and somebody...
Paco where somebody is pushing me around in a chair at Woodbine.
Can you see that?
No.
Not me, either.
You know me, Mr. Independent. I get around. I'm like the beach boys, I get around.
In the past 21 years, nine triple crown, hopefuls fell short in the Belmont Stakes alley.
Shiba was the first finishing a distant fourth of it twice.
The Kentucky Bread Son of Aladara in Bel-Shiba won an Ingrade one six including the
Readers Cup Classic in your darkness and muddy Churchill Downs.
He retired in 1989. Retired to stud in Kentucky with 11 wins and eight seconds and 26 races and earnings of $6.6 million.
That was then the world record for Texans Dorothy and Pamela Sharbauer.
When we saw him as a yearling, he stood out like a diamond in the Rockpile van Berg said he was remarkable and he had so much charisma.
And he was just as sound the day he retired as the day he was born.
And now he's dead. He's dead.
Allie Shiba.
Mort.
Mort.
Mort and the Spawn.
Old newscaster in Rochester near Mort and the Spawn.
Anybody remember Mort?
No.
Eddie Meath.
No.
Jo Dean?
No.
Who is the sports guy in WHAM?
Bob Turner.
No.
The Dow is down 278 point.
Demzy says, first of all, he said, did you see Bill O'Rottie's Borkhade and Sean Penn movies?
I guess that means that Sean's career is over.
Also, how were the drugs, George?
They were great.
There were no drugs at that place when all of them were young people hanging around.
And you made a killing, but I was there for fun.
Yeah.
So how were the drugs then?
They were great.
And anyway, Demzy sends me this article about Conficker C. Virus' coming.
Look out.
It's coming.
The notorious Conficker C. Virus or Conficker Warmer sets a take over the world's PCs April 1st.
Nothing about it is a prank.
It's for real.
Conficker C is the latest mutant of Conficker, which first appeared late last year and is estimated to have infected more than 9 million computers worldwide.
Conficker, aka, down up, down and up and Kaido is the warmen that first appeared in October last year and targets the Windows operating system MS-DOS.
The Warmer exploits a known vulnerability in the Windows server by used by Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008 and Windows 7 beta.
The latest variant is set to download a malicious payload on April Fool's Day, but this is no joke.
It says Microsoft, or in last October, that a vulnerability and server service could be exploited by a worm.
Cyber criminals heard that warning and made the thread real, infecting as many as 9 million computers by mid-January.
At that time was this.
That's like going out and saying, hey, guess what? I'm leaving my doors unlocked in the house and going on vacation for a month.
Yes, smart.
Really smart.
Like, Fredo, smart.
Not dumb.
Not like people say.
Like everybody says.
At that time was estimated between 25 and 30% of vulnerable systems remained unpatched.
And the problem continues more or less unabated today.
Semantic say they're seeing an average of almost 500,000 infections a day with W32 down a dump.
Downed up a and more than 1.7 million infections per day with W32 down a dump b.
What is that down a dump?
I don't know.
Norton, Semantic, and Taviris says there's nothing to worry about.
Right, it says.
If you're worried about the conflict of warmer striking April first, don't be.
On April 1st, the conflict of warmer simply start taking more steps to protect itself.
After that date, machines infected with a severe end of the war may not be able to get security updates or patches for Microsoft and from any other vendors.
The creators of the warmer will also start using a communication system that's more difficult for security researchers to interrupt.
The conflict of warmer sometimes called downed up or Kido is managed to infect a large number of computers.
Specifics are hard to come by, but some researchers estimate that millions of computers have been infected with the threats in January.
Current users of Semantic's Norton security products are protected.
Users who lack protection are invited to download a trial version of Norton anti-virus 2009, Norton Internet Security 2009 or Norton 360.
All of these products will detect and remove this worm.
See, there you go.
There's an answer right there.
Norton.
Hey, Norton.
Not.
What does the conflict or worm do?
We don't know the purpose of the gun, the conflict or worm.
Today, the worm has created an infrastructure that the greatest of the worm can use to remotely install software on and infected machines.
Well, that software do we don't know.
Most likely the worm will be used to create a botnet that will be rented out to criminals who want to send spam, steal IDs and direct users to online scams and phishing sites.
The conflict or worm mostly spreads across networks.
If it finds a vulnerable computer, it turns off the automatic backup service, deletes previous restore points to save as many security services, blocks access to a number of security websites and opens infected machines to receive additional programs from the malware's creator.
The worm then tries to spread itself to other computers on the same network.
Yahoo tech is saying in any event that it hits the computer world only once every few years security experts are racing against time to mitigate the impact of a bit of malware, which is said to wreak havoc on a hard coded date as often as the case that date is April 1.
Conflict or first bubble up late 2008 began making headlines in January as known infections top 9 million computers.
Now in its third variant, Conflict or C, the worm has grown incredibly complicated, powerful and virulent, though no one is quite sure exactly what it will do when D-Day arrives.
Something to look forward to on Wednesday, right?
Sure, let's have a party.
It says no one really knows, tell you the truth, I'm really looking forward to it, whoever worked this swill.
Conflict or C my ad.
Oh my god, your breath are beautiful.
Hey y'all, it's Britney again on my blog.
Well, I'm still on the road and I, I'll head there, what's up?
Honey, I got your grits, Kevin called and you're f***ing signing out.
Okay?
Dying it, I can't believe it.
I have to call Kevin back.
Anyways, the last city we went to, we, excuse me, Britney.
Go ahead, Tyrone.
Oh, he's on my security detail, y'all.
There's cameras everywhere and he watches everything.
It's great.
You have a visit at the gate and you're f***ing hanging out.
OMG, someone's at the gate?
Oh, have London?
What's that?
Sean Prancid's bailing a well?
Oh, my f***ing hanging out.
Let me stuff it back in.
Thanks London, that could have been really embarrassing.
T-T-F-N-Go!
117 at 5, 16 at 8am.
I think the whole world is just, gud nuts, don't you?
Hang it out.
Sure.
I think it's all hanging out.
Mike says I heard there were 50,000 people there on Friday night and 60,000 people on Saturday.
Did George go both nights?
Yes, he did.
What acts were the highlight of the event?
Prodigy.
Black Eyed Peas.
I read online that Prodigy was insane.
I saw on YouTube the crowd cocks and looked nasty with many half naked people.
Yep.
That's where the mobi thing was.
It says let's get Ultran Winter Music Conference intensive.
Right.
Too late now.
Yeah, a little bit too late.
Sova.
Once it's over, it's over.
George An says the Winter Music Conference is the week before Ultramusic Fest.
The WMC takes place all over South Beach clubs and hotels during the day and night.
But Ultras, the closing event of the WMC, I think it's been going on for 11 days.
And then the next 10 years are so always listening.
Says George An.
Well, thanks, George An.
Thank you.
She's another regular with you.
You're almost always useful crap.
You're crazy stuff, right?
See, those are the people we like and we get enthused about when we hear from them.
Are the people that have useful crap as opposed to the people who say,
oh, well, how come you're always raving about bread and other?
Because he has something to say.
That's right.
I mean, it's like if somebody calls you on the phone and if somebody you'll enjoy talking to,
and if somebody you know and you like, you know, it puts like a smile on your push.
Quintinence.
If it's some telephone solicitor, it gets, it puts a frown on your push.
Right.
And you get p-oed and fired up.
Not very complicated at all.
The jealous emailer is bad.
Bad.
Yeah.
And you like him.
Like me.
No.
Like me instead.
No chance.
Let's see.
WJ says, if you're running Windows XP, this is Conficker again.
Yep.
I'm confounded by Conficker.
It's okay.
Make sure you run Windows updates and install all the critical updates.
You'll have to do this multiple times until the system reports that no more critical updates are available.
Jesus.
The main thing is to make sure you've installed the latest service pack, SP3, for XP.
If it's not installed, it'll appear as a critical update.
Here's a link to a Microsoft security bulletin that details the latest info on the vulnerability and it's got a long thing here.
Well, you do that anyway, right?
As you do what?
Keep your computer updated.
No.
With the automatic updates.
I do.
You ought to.
I thought you did.
Let's do it right now.
We'll do it in the morning if you want.
Automatic updates?
Yeah.
It depends on how you have it set.
You might have to go through some stuff and you don't want to do it now.
Trust me.
Oh, I got to go through some stuff.
I'll be downloading.
So we start a Merkel says the crisis didn't take place because we issued too little money.
I say let's start giving out a whole bunch of money, big bags of money to us first.
Right.
Why the hell not?
They don't like this new pool, by the way.
It's only got 96 voters, but I'm there for quite a while.
I got 96 vote.
What kind of a what kind of a sour deal is that?
I think we just did this.
We did.
It wasn't the same choices, but it was pretty much the same question.
Jesus, God.
You people that send in the polls don't you realize I'm old and seen Alan.
I'm after like run the same poll again five days in a row.
It's all right.
It's wrong with these idiots.
These Ojohn provocateur goyam.
That's the problem in the world.
Alan Finkelson told me that years ago and he was right.
That's the one thing that's wrong in the world.
There are too many goyam.
Oh, he had his thumb right on it.
The Dow's down 281.
It's not 300 yet, but it's sticking about it.
It's edging in that direction.
Well, you don't have any stock in either your why.
My own personal feeling is only a fool nowadays with this scam that's going on around the world.
Only a fool would take his I mean, I'd rather take it all to Woodbine.
At least it gets him entertainment.
You rather take it over to Gulfstream and punch your guts out.
Sure.
You had any.
So how did you wind up?
You lost 11 bucks or something on the some of the gave you 11 bucks you broke even.
Right.
Somebody gave you 11 bucks.
Give me a ticket that wound up you know 11.
Oh, that was the one from a Laurel, right?
Yeah, and the guy was from Chicago.
One of our listeners from Chicago was there.
I'll be damned for a little while.
There are some like shit.
No, it wasn't from a South Florida.
That's right.
Except for what's her name?
Shirley.
Shirley Yon.
Shirley gave you 40 bucks.
She didn't even give you a ticket.
She gave you cash.
She's such a bet for me.
And then just gave you the cash.
Yeah, right.
I think she just wanted to give you 40 bucks because she felt sorry because she knows you were real shlipper.
And you're you know, on hard time.
Well, she's right.
She must know me then.
She knows.
Now, George sent me this information.
That I think is so old.
First of all, serious stock today opened a 36 cents.
And George sends me this article with a chairs a stock worth a little more than a dime.
Sirius XM will reportedly impose a rate increase on March 11th.
Company will see an extra $2.00.
Proditional subscription per user.
Plus charts $2.99.00.
The stream series XM online.
The letter fee comes with an upside all internet subscriptions will stream with a 128k premium feed.
According to customer support reps, currency, resex of users can lock in that their curates the next three years if they're if they re up before March 11 to right now.
Well, this is a stale story just came in this morning.
Stale, George.
Not you, George or the G.
Right.
In Orlando.
It says whether the price hikes have any effect on programming or ends to be seen while the increases in exactly wallet draining.
It's just another straw on the camel's back for those serious XM who told Rolling Stone November that they were upset with the company since their respective stations merged into one entity November 2008.
Many listeners favorite channels in genres were casualties of the station merger and customers complained of too much song repetition and DJ baddering.
Like peermorguire.
Despite their huge anti-trust avoiding merger back in July 2008, serious XM has struggled to climb out of its carnivorous debt.
The credit economic situation in a slow holiday season likely didn't help serious XM's problems.
So the rate holders are likely in the rate hikes are likely an attempt to help the company stay afloat.
Their floating fact is radio itself is a bad business to be in right now as evidenced by terrestrial radio suffering its worst years since 1954 in 2008.
The Indian radio ain't so great in 2008.
So things are that bad when the radio is free.
Imagine how bad it is when you have to pay for it.
Still we're hoping our idea with Arty Lang in the Howard Stern show the past few days.
Have at least still saw a couple it says.
Oh God.
Our deal with Arty Lang in the Howard Stern show.
Is this sad or what?
Yeah.
Make you want to cry?
Not much. No.
Makes me want to sit down on a street corner and hey Sparison, change Mr. have a nice day.
Just want to cry.
Why don't they just shut it off already and give up the ghost?
Yeah, because they want what little money is trickling in.
Yeah, it's trickling.
All right.
We got 102 votes on the new poll.
That is weak.
Now let's take a poll.
Do you hate this poll?
Who do you hate?
What worse?
This poll or Jimmy Cifalitic?
Haven't heard from him lately.
Thank God.
Or at least not today.
Not yet.
Haven't heard from any of the fakers today.
Have we?
Frank Barry Jackass.
Fake Tom Jekker.
That's the only one.
Maybe they're taking the day off.
They're faking the day off.
Maybe they got run over by a railroad train.
Wouldn't that be ashamed?
Yeah, that's something.
Fake Steve Ronda.
They were having heard from Steve O.
From that simple.
See the one thing about whoever is sending these.
That they don't understand.
Well, they don't really care.
But nobody remembers any of these people.
Right.
Nobody cared about them when they were in the market.
So why the hell should we care like 20 years later?
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come on in.
D-A-Y.
S-U-C-K-S.
And our live from Rijal 7.
It's the Neil Roger Show.
I like the keys open, so I'm more than ready.
The deal tied like the American pricing.
Well, let me guide you.
I don't sin of king.
This is my favorite karaoke.
Yeah.
I loved the way that I'd been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Go get buyin' tight.
I know.
Yeah, I heard that was some party, Greg Read through me.
But think I didn't go much adorancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rijal 7.
I know.
Thank God.
Bill, good.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor slip.
Stock on earth.
Yes.
President, no, well.
Well, if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
WQA.
Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
I wish in the public jacolactica today.
Sir, and let me tell you, the clipout coupons in Thursday's paper are deceiving.
I discovered them I saw them in the dark.
You know, this is George.
Yes, I know.
The red stones were not too finitin' nine cents on the contrary.
Got them off.
Two brake stones for ninety nine cents.
Hinch.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cutted cheese.
When they caught on clearly stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this son?
He's line seven and nine.
Klingon, penal colony.
Hello.
I forgot internet.
Three tires.
No.
I got, okay.
I'm not known.
You know, I got a renegotiator.
I hate my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
Oh.
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
It's a bottle can't keep behind his necks.
George.
Bye, bye, bye.
All right.
Yeah, but what's the year that's good?
Like you like it.
You like it?
A lot.
Wait.
Maybe I'm happy for you.
133 at five sixty WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
If I sound like I got a cold, it's because I do.
Not that I'm looking for sympathy or anything.
It's not like a hang nail.
Sometimes a hang nail can be really nasty, huh?
No question.
And like if you bite, you bite a nail too close to the nub.
Yeah.
It hurts.
And you pull it off and it like you're a finger bleeds, you know?
Yeah.
You ever do that?
Mm-hmm.
Everybody does that.
Don't bite your fingernails.
They say, how can you live without biting your fingernails?
I don't.
You don't bite your fingernails?
Nope.
I used to.
One of those like that sounds really, really to me.
Not biting my fingernails is gay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whatever you gay.
You probably like get the manicure too.
Oh, yeah.
I go to a salon.
You nail clippers.
Paul says what Leslie Gustal did not tell us is that only windows operating systems are affected.
Here, we've built in Kates and all this crap.
Try it.
You bun to a Linux.
It's free and fast as hell.
What is you bun to a Linux?
I don't know, but maybe I should get some.
I'm listening to you on it now.
You sound great.
Thanks for the streaming.
Says Paul.
You bun to a Linux?
You never heard of it?
No.
An expert like you?
Linux.
Yeah, but what's you bun to?
I've never heard of that.
You bun to just.
I don't know.
It's a baseball thing.
I have no idea.
You know, baseball seasons right around the corner.
Any interest?
No.
Anybody care about the Marlins?
No.
Are we going to get some stuff on here that doesn't say the Marlins?
Does somebody can say Marlins?
No, no, we're not.
Look at the dolphins.
The dolphins and the Marlins.
I mean, come on already.
Jesus.
This is a sports station and they can't even pronounce the name of the frickin teams.
The Marlins?
Sounds like a banana boat thing to me.
Yep.
The Marlins.
God.
The dive down 268.
Not too great.
But it's been hanging around the same, you know.
Oh, here we go.
Oish moises.
Are you going to scour your house, remove all the hummets?
Paisach is right around the corner.
I spend $27 on three bottles of kosher wine.
I hope it doesn't make me sick.
Every year the men's club has a wine sale and I send you a bottle.
Yeah, send this.
Put it in the ocean.
Maybe it'll float up here.
Can he send me a bottle of kosher wine?
Oh, maybe Oish moises are a Gary Sarner.
You think?
That could be.
Real, real, far-bison.
It's Paisach.
You have to have your Paisadiki candy.
And then let me ask you.
What's the difference between regular candies and Paisadiki candy?
You got to tell me.
I have no idea.
I mean, is it rabbi, peon under something?
I mean, what makes candy kosher for Paisach?
The reby says a brooch over it?
Does it have like a little circle you want in the bonnet?
It's like from the circle you ranch?
It has no pork or lobster.
Yeah.
See, I eat whatever I like.
I don't care about whether it's trade for kosher or all these other fairy tales,
all these bubble miceys, all this archaic crap.
Why isn't it, if it's the year 2009, why isn't that we should be living our lives based
on the ramblings and randlings of ignorant primitive people over thousands of years ago?
Is there any logic in that?
Does it make any sense to make you?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
The good book says, the Bible says.
It's enough to make me cry.
Hommats.
What is Hommats?
I don't even know what that is.
Neither.
Well, somebody will tell us what that is.
Hommats.
Speaking of virulent anti-Semites, Governor Sarah Pailin named Anchorage lawyer Wayne Anthony
Ross as a new attorney general yesterday or Thursday.
We did not expect to pick a gay friendly AG.
However, his blatant prejudice expressed in a public letter to the state bar shows these
support choice for the state's top attorney.
During a fight seven years ago over gay rights, Alison Mendel helped organize Anchorage lawyers
and supportive and anti-discrimination ordinance, Ross wrote a nasty letter to the
bar association newsletter using words like immoral perversion and degenerates.
The language went way beyond reasonable disagreement, Mendel and others said.
The state house in Senate will hold separate confirmation hearings on his appointment.
Other interesting facts about Wayne Anthony Ross, known as war, the initials on his van, on his plate.
He was founder of the Alaska Right to Life and represented without fee anti-abortion protesters charged with trespassing.
I feel I have a good relationship with the good lord, but if I could overturn Roe v. Wai, I figure I got my ticket, he told a reporter.
He was the defense lawyer for former representative Vic Coring, who was serving a three and a half year sentence on corruption charges.
He opposes native substance rights and was lead lawyer in the case of the Alaska Substance Law declared unconstitutional.
When running for governor in 2002, he said he would have a ban of junkyard dog assistant AGs to challenge the federal law that requires substance preference or seek changes through Congress.
He wrote the for the Anchorage Times and conservative horse of the Times and titles like KKK art, project gets A for Courage, are listed on the publications page of Ross and Miller office law office.
He represented Palin and Neuretto case against AGO Pichier Rudy Rudrich when both were in the Orland Gas Commission and co-chaired Palin 2006 Gubin Attural Campaign.
He was hoping for an appointment at the Department of Health and Social Services so he could stop the department from interfering with families when they should not be interfering and get them interfering with families when they should be interfering and he was passed over.
He defended a man who twice poured buckets of water from a passing pickup onto anti-war demonstrators in the rain as snow, his plan was convicted of harassment and violating constitutional rights.
He was co-chair of Alaskan's for Phil Graham. Graham is one of the people responsible for the Court economic crisis and his co-chair, John McCain's presidential campaign called us a nation of winers and his former vice president for the National Rifle Association that was in line to become president who was voted out of office. He's still a director of the NRA.
So there you go, Sarah Palin and Hera Compagra is real bunch of Nazis if ever there were but and they're talking to her seriously about her for 2012 the Raskan John McCain where you support her in 2012 if that's the best they got.
Why not just call the election off. Sounds like a great plan. Let's do that. Call it off. Sarah Palin and Bobby Paiush Jindal. This is today's reputmant and don't forget Noody too.
They call it womanizing low life life but Noody's chasing girl is all around the desk. That's why we search her for his errors of this.
Call it off. Never would have thought that. All right, here we go on the desk. Let's go.
Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker the committee would like to know. Although it's high heels sticking out from under the desk.
I see. Okay, they're not. Oh, the committee sees no improv here. There'll be no further desk.
I saw him working on his pick up. You come here.
I'll be there. Watch your side.
I'm pretty. I'm Republican and all alone. Hey, baby, baby. Can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought that?
Come here, baby. You meet the Joe head.
GFSE.
We buy we always bank is on the game.
14614.2.560 W.Q. Here's another real pleasant email from somebody who doesn't have a name
has just a phone number.
And this is the same Vancouver area code phone number.
Some hate mail from on Friday.
Excellent.
So somebody in Vancouver who evidently is going to the great difficulty of listening to the show online making the effort.
Yeah.
Subject pathetic.
You never heard of wonder music conference.
Let me guess you never heard of art based on Miami Beach world's largest art fair South Beach wine and food world's largest food fest or Miami boat show world's largest boat show either.
Not only are these events famous worldwide there are tens of thousands of people from all over the world who fly into these events and yet you supposedly doing a local show never heard of them.
Pathetic.
Do you think I would go to any of those things even if I was trapped in South Florida?
No.
No. I'm a boat show.
I have been to what many years ago.
Long time ago.
That boats.
Yeah.
We got, uh.
We got something.
Yeah.
The best part about this is talk about pathetic.
This is somebody with a Vancouver phone number.
Yeah.
Who takes the effort to listen online and then send me crap.
That's my response to you.
Okay. Pathetic.
Supposedly doing a local show.
I'm doing the near Roger show.
Okay.
Wherever it's from.
Whether it's from the moon, whether it's from Uranus.
Wherever the hell it's from.
That's what I'm doing.
God.
Always trying.
You know, again, if it's so great in South Florida, what are you doing in Vancouver with all the shootings and killings and track going on there?
Maybe got into some of them good Vancouver.
I think it was a good thing.
I don't know what it throws.
Could be.
Now me married to a b-arch.
You know me.
Yeah.
I know.
Wish I think I'm going to block as I'm tired of it.
It's always something stupid.
Yeah.
This is what he wrote this morning at 10.
12 a.m.
I had farm stores vanilla ice cream the other day.
That by far is the best.
Wow.
Can you chop that?
That's it.
That's the email.
Listen, I can't top that with anything.
Not even hot fudge.
Farm store has vanilla ice cream.
That by far is the best.
That's better than the tasteless.
Sex drug or the ultra music festival.
Yeah.
There's nothing else like it.
I think I'm going to get some on the way home.
Taste in your toaster.
Okay, maybe this guy can lope with a guy from Vancouver to scoop it down my pants.
There you go.
That's a good idea.
Get your licks.
All right.
Have me a cold one.
I'm not going to read the pull resume.
I'm embarrassed by this pull too.
That's two in a row.
I'll try to find a good one for tomorrow.
I may be actually make one.
But this this is what we get from the South Florida audience from me married a
B.O.T.
Who thinks he's very amusing by the way idiot.
Farm stores.
Would you think that farm stores brand would be the best of anything no matter what food we're talking about?
No, no.
Since it is farm stores and I don't know if that actually means something maybe it did once upon a time.
You know that those places actually had stuff that came from a farm as opposed to a factory.
Yeah.
But I mean if there's nothing else then yeah farm stores is great.
Maybe better than the ice cream truck ice cream.
I don't know.
The ice cream truck ice cream.
I don't know.
I haven't had something from farm stores ice cream that is in I can't remember one hundred years.
Right.
Think about farm stores is at least the one in Pembroke Lakes not far from where I lived.
You had a drive through.
Yeah.
Well that's what there was the only place I can recall I had a gross re thing with a drive through.
Well that's what those farm stores are there nothing but drive through.
All of them.
All the ones that I've seen.
I'll have a half gallon of milk and I'll have a cup of vanilla ice cream.
You got to hold up your money so that they can bring you the change so they don't have to make two trips.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you shop at farm stores every once in a while you got to go through there to get some soda and rolling papers.
You know for cigarettes.
Yeah I roll my own cigarettes.
Right.
Vanilla ice cream from farm stores that is by far the best.
This this man this creature this creature I'm glad he's married to a biatch.
In fact I think she married a biatch.
Biatch my ass.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Now wouldn't you know I put this at the very bottom of the pile when you know I get down and that's all I got.
Except this parasilton thing I didn't want to read it today.
I didn't want to do it.
I'm going to write down emails what you threatened them.
Yeah.
Unless you keep the crap coming I'm going to have to read this stupid thing about parasilton which I pleased don't make me do it.
And they did.
Because we got two minutes to kill.
Of course I could read this poll result real real slow.
I'm not going to read the parasol thing I can't stand it.
How about me, myrieto biatch.
You want to read that again I had farm stores vanilla ice cream.
Listen that's it.
That's the point.
Talk about excitement man.
Talk about an exciting place.
This is his excitement yet vanilla ice cream from farm stores.
I think I see the comparison there is I see the whole trend.
Mm-hmm.
Somebody who shops at farm stores and loves vanilla ice cream.
Tasteless.
Boring.
Something about my spouse that aggravates the crap out of me is her that he or she we just did this 133 votes.
I'm telling you I'm smelling you now we just did this.
I don't have a spouse 37 my spouse is my soulmate 32.
It doesn't like sex with me 14 is a terrible housekeeper 12 spends too much money 12.
There's too a wholesome for me six is a drunk four is an unemployed freeloader three.
Can't cook three doesn't like me to has no sense of humor to screw his other people to keep having babies one.
Well, I don't think she's doing to fire herself though, you know.
She might be doing it with somebody else as part of that other.
That's true keeps having babies with somebody is getting too old one is ugly a sin one won't cook one.
And none yet for is a sports junkie or is a terrible parent out of 133 vote.
That's the pull such as it is not good.
We apologize profusely don't we know although it's sure it's how better than the email saying I had vanilla farm stores vanilla ice cream.
That could be the all time worst email ever.
And it comes from me not me you but you me.
Some me.
Well, I'll see how I'm feeling in the morning.
Maybe I'll send you a text message.
Yeah, what happened there?
Oh, I don't know.
It's day.
Now, folks, it's a junction.
At five six.
Oh, WQ.
And remember when.
Remember when we fight met now.
Yeah, Dems with a salad toss and days.
Like the time you wrote my face.
Joe.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the premiere.
What about the minute show for delightful.
I was up entertainment and information to help you get through your busy day today.
Actually, you know, yeah, I'm just going to talk about sports here.
All right.
Here's the scores and seven to seven to three.
How about the mouth and blah blah blah.
Hey, what are you doing walking through here in the middle of my show?
I was looking for the NFL count you buy.
What are you thinking walking through my show?
I don't know, I don't know, like this in the background.
What the fuck is it with you?
That kind of language is going to get you ready.
Do you know who I am?
I'm bold, David, and it's this strategy.
Haven't someone walked through the middle of my show?
Give me a f***ing answer.
I don't understand.
What don't you understand, David?
I just don't know why we need another sports show.
I mean, well, can you say this is only so much to talk about, you know?
Oh, and by the way, so I think that last piece of pizza pie in the back room there.
Oh, good for you.
Yeah, it was tasty too.
Yeah.
Was my name on the f*** box?
Yes, and right there, most pizza.
Get out of my studio, mubb.
All right, let's get the show back on track.
Can I just take a second here?
I'll give you a second.
I'll give you two seconds.
And you better use them to get the hell out of here.
I don't understand why they're like that.
You don't understand what it's like working with professional broadcasters.
Is that it?
Well, it's a courier self-abroadcaster, but you're not really a broad.
I never wonder about that.
Enjoy it.
Thanks for within my show.
I enjoyed it.
Why don't you turn a little bit?
I'm scared.
I'm afraid.
I'm scared.
And I still don't like you.
Oh, yeah?
Then why you're spooning me?
Bye, bye, bye.
