The music expressed on the previous program. Yeah, we love that ESPN craft
Captain Ward, Jim here today. You broadcast great George. You still here?
Agency
Squeezing it out. I just got done. I am me too a lot
560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger show to talk to Neil dial 560
560 in date and Broward in other counties called toll free 8777 85
Neil and what I do you would find see on your
Where the little
free wireless phones the app on expressed by Neil crushes or his college portion not represent those of WQAM management staff
4 sponsors now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM
All right, all right. Hey man. I'm Matthew McConaughey and as you may know, I hate the odor
But I finally found one that fits my lifestyle new unsure odorant get solid protection
But still keep that pickle onion and gym socks smell listen, you don't have to wear it
But it would be a lot cooler if you did try new unsure odorant strong enough for a woman
But really it's for a man who wants to smell as if he just ran a 5k and 100 degree 10
10101 at 560 WQAM on happy Monday, May 11th not a happy day around the show
But then again, what do we know maybe they'll have a change of heart?
Sure, yeah, oh, and I do have some good news for me
Well, it's kind of embarrassing. It's really embarrassing remember I had that thing about the social security my deposit
I thought dad and going in there and a guy called me on the year, right remember yeah
Well come to find out that he said oh April 21st
Well, I hadn't been looking that far back on my online statement. Oh, so you had already gotten so Thursday night
I looked back to the 20th 21st and sure enough there was
So I had to go through this to try to get a hold of the sunrise social security office you you can get a hold of the Pope easier
I
Mean, it's just you don't ever get to talk to anybody live and so finally after about 40 calls
Oh the the mailbox is full the you're you're being transferred to this one nothing ever happened you know and then your beep beep beep busy
I finally was able to leave a message and say you know
I'm embarrassed and I made a mistake and I want to correct the mistake and the stuff is in there and screw you and that's it
So that's that's a little something
sure
I mean not and then here's an email that came in there sure not a lot of emails. I'll tell you that including over the weekend
Just really weak
Paul and the cue says at 820 Joe Rose was talking about Michael Phelps marathon lovemaking session. I gagged on my egg McMuffin
I don't blame you Paul
Why is Joe Rose so concerned about all these other guys and you know how they're doing with the ladies what what is that all about?
Sounds a little gay to me. I don't know
Joseph's obsessed with that crap
Maybe somebody in the audience has got a job for you
Okay
I mean I feel I don't know what to say at this point I feel just nauseous
Can up in a towback host says I think a Liz Taylor will be the next big one to go for a poll today
Mm-hmm. She was nominated as one of the greatest female stars of all time
Going to seven husbands one two Oscars Liz Taylor you want to put her on there or not? I mean
Absolutely you do is lies a manelian here
Speaking of washed up old broads
Well, that doesn't lies a manelian dying there. Is she and she I see say
I'm dying over here
Definitely I'll put Liz on there
Boy, you just put Patrick Swacey on there today and it went zooming up there. Yeah, he's got a lung problem
The douse down 126 boy. This is a more
Morose way to start the week isn't it a little bit
Who's the next big celebrity to die? Farrah Fawcett 242. She's right on the verge
right on the edge
Mickey Rooney 66
How old is he about 200 at least
Don I miss 35 Patrick Swacey 24 queen Elizabeth 20 for the queen
John Madden 16 Neil Rogers 15. Well, let me just say this
I'm dying over here
Joan Rivers nine Lindsey Lohan 7 Mo Howard David at it at seven Donald Trump 3 and Don Shula the brain stem 3
And well, I list Taylor to the list
A lot of death going on leave you know what yeah
You're gonna be okay
Maybe you can go across the street. Oh, that's right. That's a sports nerd state. Yeah, I'm not
Part of that try a person off on that crap. They don't like ratings there either
They want they don't like ratings there either. Well, they don't that's good because they don't have any
Oh, that's a good thing
Very jackass find the discovered a whole bunch of things
Firstly discovered that the ratings came out
Better late than ever Barry. Hey Barry you fair. We idiot
You tried with it
You little turd so a flea keeps lying to you huh
If that's how you want to put it yet
How how else would you put it? How how can they be planning to put him in your job and stab you in the back and blow you out
If he hasn't been discussed already how much he's gonna want and then will he do it and then all that stuff
I don't know
He's lying to you. Okay, you're good friend
Let's see what it's easy to do and I'm gonna work with him now for the next four and a half years
Yeah, and you've gotten your role you'll be very happy together. I'm sure
What what is that mean? I don't know
I'll be very happy with it. I was being sarcastic. No, they don't care whether I'm happy with it
They're gonna do whatever they want to do to save a few bucks. They don't give a crap about people about life
About what you've done. They don't care about ratings. They don't care about success
All they care about is cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap. That's all I care about. That's this company all our companies
That's the world in which we live today
Cut this cut that I say cut the crap
But they won't do it. I'm gonna be joicing. I think I don't know if during the show consistently
I'll get some filler music ready. I'm just telling you that's how nauseous I am
Yeah, well, this whole this whole business
Do I want to read Barry's long ponderous? Oh, I don't I just don't have the strength to go ahead
790 the ticket moves Jorge said honor to morning as if we didn't know that already
Started this morning anybody hear the Jorge said honor show. Let's with Crystal Fernandez
And then
Remember how they were denying that they were gonna go syndicated in midday. Yeah
Yeah
Beginning today the ticket which drops sporting news radio to enter an affiliation deal with the SPM picked up colon cowards
Who the hell's that colon cow pile colon cow piles?
SPM show 10 a.m. to 1 p.m
Steve white and 790 staffer Brandon Guzillo Guzillo will host her month to 3 p.m
With Le Bastard and stew gods saying 3 to 7
Jonathan Zaz the lost his 10 a.m. didn't week. They show his desire to reassign a weekend
And fill in duties plus a rule on pantas programming
Howard Davis 790 station manager said he hired Fernandez to work on the Jorge said honor show because they worked together at Fox Radio and they were good fit. It fits
Just like Joe Bell shoe evidently fits in your rectum ass
But nobody saying nothing know how they're all mom right
Right
Well, now maybe I did the wrong thing maybe I should have kept quiet about that email
Live norma sent me after all kinds of calls and emails back and forth. No, I don't think so
I think you have a right to know yeah, that they're on a verge of screwing you and that your girlfriend flees on a verge of stabbing you in the back
Norman Elliott can't send me this email
It's a done deal Neil prepared George for his termination this week. Are you prepared? Uh, no
I tried I tried to prepare you okay. I don't think there's anything else you where I could do norma says
I will write a letter in protest but based on my last conversation with Joe nothing has changed in his directives
So prepare to be screwed in tattoo
Okay, prepare bend over drop your pants spread your cheeks prepare for a giant dagger a red hot poker
Oh
Yeah, maybe you'll like it. I doubt it. I don't think so
Then Barry goes on about
Zazlow this and white getting his own show he said this wasn't the program director pushing to be on the year
I had to push him a little bit to do it. He really did a good job filling in on mornings not from what we heard
But then again cheap, you know, he's the PD and he's also doing two hours every day
And they got syndicated colon cow pile 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. That's some really stiff competition
I guess that's just a they threw it in the towel
With colon cow pile
Meanwhile says very wqm beat the ticket in the recently released ratings book covering January 8th to April 1
Among men 25 to 54 wqm was tied for 11th in the market with the 3.3 share compared with the tickets 2.1
Qm is beaten 793 the fast past four rating books by an average margin of 3.0 to 2.6 in the most recent book
WQM's Joe Rosen ea Rogers won their time slots by large margins
The ticket won the Sedano Algarra or land the Alza query match up to the 3 p.m. 30 to 1.9
The La Bastard Alza query match up 3 to 4 p.m. 2 to 7 to 2.3 and the La Bastard Mandage battle 4 to 7 3 to 3.0 very tight
Nippin Tuck
With La Bastard offering a strong lead in the ticket won 2.1 to 0.5 from 7 to 8 p.m. Let me say it again 2.1 to 0.5
When he usually runs a baseball show and wqm usually ear to dolphin show
We know the interesting part of this is this was January 8th to April 1st
Well, I see what he means baseball show like Josh fat Josh Friedman
It says wqm signal weekends at night no kidding
Says judging by fans reaction to panthers are taking a PR hit with this week's decision to drop the knees pot fan a credible polished tv analyst who criticized the team on appropriate
I see credible my ass
Good, and then the last sentence like an afterthought
But let me read to you the last sentence the whole thing. Okay
Wynz 940 drop heat studio host Jeremy Marx peltz as part of layoffs throughout clear channel
former wqm staffer Ken Walden died last week at 82
That's it. That's that's all buries gotta say wow Ken yeah
That's the end of the article after thought is an understatement yes former wqm staffer Ken Walden died last week at 82
Barry you are scum man. You're an idiot
Wouldn't even take the effort to it to write a little blurb a little something decent about a more than decent guy you you suck
Barry you blow
You are the blowmeister
Barry
Jackass. I hope the hurl goes out of business man
Is there anybody we like working there anymore? I don't I don't think so
Anybody likes us I doubt that
Maybe that's one of my new goals is to outlive the herald the fish wrapper piece of crap turd
So anyway, that's the deal Georgia's on the verge of getting a canned
Mike says I doubt you heard this that's correct
But on friday I was listening to the end of Joe's show and they were reading emails they were reading emails
Well, they do that now and then too
Zach read an email from the Kirk Herb Street lover saying that he wants to hear more herbie
I laughed so hard I almost spit my coffee all over my workstations as Mike
When a doubt spitted out Mike
More jerk jerk street. Yeah, that'll do it a lot more. I will win bag in jerk jerk street
I'm I'm not gonna worry anymore about those sports hour numbers and all that
They have a death wish anyway
They know what people don't want to hear and they keep putting more and more of it on the air
Neil Rogers. Hi
Hi everybody. It's me Brittany Spears with an only blog of day
Well everything is still going great with the tour in fact
Oh hold on someone's at the door y'all
Heather yes, hi miss Spears. I have a package for you. Oh, right now. Just sign here initial here
And you're hanging out there
Thanks. Have a good day. We'll do
Can you believe that there's like so many things to sign just to get a package?
Oh hi kitty. That's my long time cat y'all
Wow, he's totally acting crazy. He usually only does this one open up a can of tuna
Hey, kitty come sit on my lap. I'll let's hop this blog
Wow, she really likes my lap today y'all
Now where was that with my blog? Oh wow another person at the door
Yes, where the church of oh good lord your
Oh, and Jake can you believe that guy?
That's so annoying when religious people try to convert you at the door
Wait a second. I feel a draft
Daniel
My fucking out again. Oh well until next time everybody
T.T. War, alia
Put a cat wish you're having a fit when 18 to 560 W.A.M
Now here's one from Brandon who thinks that we're getting just flooded with emails
He's was the one that just came in
His was the one
You want to hear it? Yeah
Oh
His emails are always good or at least useful or something. Yes. Well, he's pissed off and I am too. I'm I'm so far beyond pissed off
Then I'm just almost speechless
You know what I mean? Yeah, well, I'm speechless. What do you want to be speechless? I don't know what you're gonna
I'm a little numb
Little well, but at least you didn't come out of the blue though. No, I know
There goes my perfect streak of what I've never been fired in my life from any job anywhere at any time I have
So is everyone else that I know I'm the only person that I know that's never been fired
I was candid bettavy new york wbta
By a guy named dick gamble who just came out of the nut house
And I was fired because of office politics because an idiot named Bob Folkler. Uh didn't like me
And they made him the program director some such thing. I don't remember how the whole thing went down
And dick gamble called me in and uh, well, but it'd be put a boop at well. You're fired
But life went on. I guess I did okay. Did I yeah?
Did I do better than bettavy new york probably maybe a little
Brandon says if Lee was such a friend of George and the show you would think he'd put some sort of effort to stand up for George
But all I see flee doing is being a backstabber. I here's what I would say to that
Absolutely
If you thought you were getting a lot of hate emails you went seeing nothing yet my friends is Brandon. What what does that mean?
A lot of hate emails about what I don't understand
Usually I can understand what Brandon writes. I have no idea what he means
I mean, I know it's a Monday morning, but we you know the reason I guess the reaction is like
Like no surprise we've been we've been getting them ready for it right
And their reaction is either they're pissed off about it or they're happy about it or they don't care or
They just don't believe it. I've been getting a lot of that
What everyone thinks it's stick. It's not stick
Why would you joke about something like that? That's what I keep telling everybody said this is funny to you
This is a history. I guess because other radio shows do things like this all the time. Yeah
Somebody goes on vacation. They say they're fired or and read or something or they're in rehab. Yeah sure
So people appear to learn from somebody how about adding Andy dick to the pool
He's had a prominent position on several pool pools over the years
Once again, George and company didn't admirable job during your absence any chance the non-metallic challenge to be listed
Could call or write WQM management on George's behalf. Thanks Vince. Why don't you try Vince that sure couldn't hurt
Couldn't hurt
Michael says I wanted to look to know that Bubba took calls on Friday one caller said that Thursday
You praised him on his great ratings. I listed the Thursday show. I don't remember you saying anything like that
Yeah, I did say it on Thursday that I got the 18 to 34 men
He was number three at a seven-year and that was the first time I knew we had any any big number in any demo
Says maybe another listener knows exactly what he said
Yeah, I got I got some emails on that
John don't you have something in your contract that gives you the 30 to choose who does the show with you
I hope you can use your pull to keep George love the show John
Well, guess what John I've been pulling it and pulling it and they ain't working no more but John
I've been pulling it and pulling it and they they ain't working no more
PR Ralph says well if it's true if it's true see that I told these people piss me off
This is not the kind of thing you joke about this would be like my coming on here and saying oh my mother died, you know
And it's a joke
Ha ha yeah
If it's true looking forward to
Running into you down the road
George if need I can be contacted at the number below
It's a shame that they spend money on the non-talent but the money making town has to go why not you order the beast and keep you
Wouldn't surprise me in the least bit the least if the beast
Now why do I care about the George Sedano show? This is the second time he sent me this from the faker a king and it's got the Sedano show
logo
Tuneo Rogers thanks for all the ass-kicks it was fun though. I did get you once my crowning moment
Don't let him molden you over there from Twitter. Uh, Twitter phone. Yeah Twitter. They're skittlost
Little eager
Very jackass is by the way George had some very nice things to say about you
Well, what does that mean?
You spoke to very jackass not that I could recall no
Very also says Hank didn't get back to me with the info I requested so I waited for Ellie to get back
I thought she wrote a nice piece on can yes, she did not you though, Barry because you know nothing
You're an expert on nothing
Here's one from Sam whose brilliant idea isn't this enough George you mean tell me that Joe as wide bell is solely responsible for this
Travesty. Oh my god. No, he claims it's corporate, you know
at the corporate level
Anybody they find who is in the least bit dispensable you're fired. That's it
George belongs on the damn radio and I'm pissed off the same
Freakin flea isn't okay compliment but when he's on by himself. I'm talking vanilla
He talks so fast I hate listening to him and he sounds like a dwarf on helium
A dwarf on helium. How do you like that?
You ever heard anybody sound like a dwarf on helium? Oh, yeah
That
Says I hope another station picks him up and puts him out against one of the QM time slots George would kick their ass
F this whole damn thing just effort. I agree Sam effort
Effort and F them to
Bastards well if there isn't yeah, why if there is any good news or is it any good thing about my contract is that if I get fired
I don't have a non-compete. Yeah, and how many how much share sevens they got to give you five minutes? Yeah
No seriously, they got to give you some sevens pay. Yeah, that's there's something in there about that
There's something in there about that you don't know no
I haven't been checking that out lately with all these members that have been flying before they're two
I think it depends on uh if it's with cause or without cause or something something you know
League of cause they want to that that's the cause because they want to we're gonna fire you because we want to
Here's the pool who's the biggest uh the next next big celebrity die I already read it
I'm just peered and foaming at the mouth
What did Brandon mean if you thought you were getting a lot of hate emails you ain't see nothing yet my friend
What what does that mean? I don't know maybe he'll clarify. I'm sure he will you think I know
You hope
He's dependent here's the schedule today. We got the big O2 to 4 mad dog 4 to 7 dolphin tonight seven o'clock at night. Oh boy
See 11th of May and dolphins tonight. Oh, it's the dolphins man the dolphin and the marlins how about the marlins they lost yesterday
They suck
DA 8 to 11 and then we got that ESPN radio till six in the morning seven hours of that crap
But at least we don't have syndicated garbage in the middle of the day
Like what's that guy's name?
Clem cow pile, Clem cadiddle hopper. Yeah, whatever they got on across the street nice going near Howard david
You guys blow
oh
well
we
Hey
Starting on three stooges movie. Still no decision on who will play Mo.
Oh, why? Don't you get it, mallet head?
Oh!
The thing about this guy here, Benicio del Toro.
Yeah, good actor. He makes a great Lord Mo, but he ain't no Mo.
Yeah!
I'm perfect for it. Why I am Mo.
Once they get all out on me, it's a cinch-alcatalied roll.
Ah, you're dreaming!
Dreaming, huh?
Well, she holds dreaming when I get back from Hollywood, didn't it?
It is?
Ah, Hollywood at last. I think this is the studio right here.
Hey, Mr. Wee, think you're going.
I'll see here.
I am Mo. How would you be able to do this?
And I'm here for the new three stooges movie that make it.
I wouldn't go to that studio. They're filming a gangster movie in there.
Okay, get out of my way.
Hello, everybody. I'm here.
The starter of your three stooges movie.
Eh?
I'm action.
I don't care how many day go, Guinea, what?
Graceball, Gumbos, come out on the woodware.
1032 at 560 WQM, happy Monday to you, May 11th, 11th of May.
I'll own CD Mile.
Something special about this day?
Uh, no.
No, well, I mean, I'll sink it in.
We had that. We survived that.
Here's one from CT.
It says, Neil if this is true and I don't doubt that it is,
I think these people in management, especially, are in for a rude awakening.
I'm a 12 year listener of this show and you are you.
But I really feel that George is the glue that holds this thing together.
You are you, but George is the glue.
Well, that rhymes.
You two have been a team for so long.
I couldn't imagine the show without his voice.
I think it'll definitely be a scenario which you just don't know what you got until it's gone and that's the shame.
I know what I got.
But, um, you know, I have nothing to say about this show anymore.
And Norma can't.
I mean, he's living up to that name. He can't no matter what it is.
Norma can't.
I think I'm going to be joicing and joicing.
I think the whole city here is going to like a drown in a sea of brown joists.
Wow.
I'm serious.
Oh, I got the thing.
Don't send me any more stuff about serious. I got that article.
Okay, I won't.
Brandon never he never clarified what he's talking about.
The fake Tom jikkel says tried to warn you about Joe Bell.
Poor George.
Well, if you're so worried about it, Tony Tom jikkel wants to send George some money.
Send him a cashier's check for a few hundred thousand.
I'm serious.
I got to rejoice.
Okay.
I'm just warning you.
We'll do the break a little bit early because I'm just exploding from the.
Brack.
Yeah.
Here's one that says needle fans since 1984.
George fired.
This is unacceptable.
WQM is dead to me.
Dead to me.
How do you like that Joe?
Well, you jackass.
And then he sends normal list of all the different people that they've had to fire and all the
cutbacks they've had to make.
Well, how come I it isn't about Neil being sick and we're so concerned about Neil's health anymore?
That couldn't have been a lie.
Could it?
Like I said last week, could it have been just a bunch of BS and excuse?
Oh, there's a bunch of nasty pigeons on the railing of my balcony.
They just flew away.
And now they came back.
It's like a scene from the frickin' birds.
God, I hate pigeons, don't you?
They make a lot of noise and they just mess up the balcony.
They grab the revolver.
Huh?
Yep.
GM Sebring says, I'm hugely dismayed to hear that George may be getting fired.
Maybe.
That's the opportunity.
He's still here.
I said here holding my breath this morning, waiting until I heard the sound.
And there he was.
He's still here.
You still here?
I don't know.
I'll check.
I'll go ask somebody.
I mean, like right now.
This is where I'm at right now.
It seems to me, Gene, says just like another Neil and McCoffan QM is building for you
in the show.
They can't easily dump you and they really need the revenue you bring in, but they can
continue to hamstring you by making it harder and harder for you to do what you do best.
I don't want to hurt you by boycotting the show if and when they let him go, but you don't
know how to express this pleasure in a way that'll make a difference to management.
There is nothing that'll make a difference to them.
We could have just like the day of Sri Lanka, there's a tying up Toronto weekend last
night on the Garden of Expressway, the main east-west highway in the city that went out
there and blocked the day of highway and other back on University Avenue in front of the
US Council it again, bastards, Sri Lankans.
Anyway, Gene says I'm at a loss as to what to do.
Well, that makes more than one of us, Gene.
I'm at a loss of what to do other than just go do another choice.
Maybe maybe my body is expressing my personal displeasure of releasing all of this toxic,
you've heard of these toxic loans?
Well, I'm doing a bunch of toxic dumps.
Very Jackass said, I meant George said, I don't not George, whom I do feel sorry for.
Well, what does that mean?
I still don't understand.
Oh, I see.
He meant, I don't know what he's talking about.
Oh, I see.
George said nice things about it.
He hits him nicely.
Well, what do I care about Jorge?
Screw him.
That one.
Who gives a crap?
Oh, but it's a sports station.
And very, you know, he's Mr. Sports, he's Mr. couch potato.
Adolf Schicklegruber says the family that controls the New York Times empires lost more
than 86% of its fortune and may have to sell their controlling stake to get out of debt.
The Ox Saltzberger family, which has run the paper since 1896, also may face unusual pressure
from about two dozen descendants to cash out and restore their comfortable lifestyles
snatched away suddenly by hard times.
When in doubt cash out until this year, the family had been living on well-fagged at
as high as $425 million, but today the family is down in their times annual income to a
property four and a half million, which could shrink even more in the recession.
Oh, four and a half million.
What a shame.
Goes on and on and on and on screw them.
We can't we don't we don't have time to worry about the New York Times.
Here's one that says I'm going to be sad if George gets fired by the radio station.
Neil, you should see yesterday, Miami, here on the sports pages, WIOD saying from 5 to 9 AM,
is a full page of Jimmy Cifilis on it.
I enjoy you and George all the time, even when you're on vacation.
Keep up the good work.
Nancy from Delray.
Oh, Nancy's got problems.
I ate at the restaurant.
You ate at sunrise last week.
I like it.
I like it.
Boca.
What is she talking about?
She talking about that horrible place.
I don't know the grand luxe or whatever.
Grand luxe cafe.
Nancy's got issues.
Here's one that says I am the George's the second best talk show in town guy.
Your station and their management corporate and local combined have shown a level of
incompetence that is shocking even by radio standards, even by South Florida standards and
most shocking of all, even by South Florida radio standards.
I'm getting choked up about it.
Beginning with a George's last straw, what level of business savvy does it take to look at his
fill in ratings consistently the highest down the station except for Neil over a very long
period of time and come to the conclusion that he's a rising star should be treated as such.
And how blind you have to meet in this regard that spectacular performance in favor of a sports
nerd format that isn't doing well in the ratings has never done very well in the ratings and
is never going to do well in the ratings.
Mad Dog was wrong when he said this station stands for nothing.
In fact, it stands for crap.
Beginning with a George is a mistake that WQM is hopefully never going to recover from.
Another station will benefit.
I'll be there ready to tune him in as our more people in South Florida than listen to
the three sports nerd stations combined.
Seamass from Weston says long live George and down with QAM.
Edaboy Seamass.
That's sweet thanks.
It's a real mash.
Oh, man.
I mean, oh god.
911, what's your emergency?
Yeah, we got a multiple car crash here.
I just ran into a Honda.
Hit another car.
Is there anyone heard?
Everyone else is fine, but I might have broken my hand.
I was texting my office.
Do you need an ambulance?
I'm not sure.
Hold on.
I need to finish this text message.
Sir, is that a yes to the ambulance?
Hey, what are you doing?
Hold on, hold on.
I'm sending a picture of the accident to my buddy Jeff, okay?
Get off the phone and help me get my car off the road, huh?
All right, all right, all right.
Sir, do you need an ambulance?
Can I just text you if I need one?
No, sir.
Are you on Twitter?
Because I'm updating there right now,
so you can just follow me if I need it.
Sir, I'm going to need a conclusive answer on the ambulance.
Excuse me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ladies.
Just text me with your insurance info, okay?
I'll hit you back with mine.
Or you can just send it to me on Twitter.
Yeah, you know what, send it.
Yeah.
The lady I just hit told me to go poop myself with my phone.
When did you say that?
Time now.
Turn around.
Whoa.
Hey, whoa.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ah.
Sir.
Hey, lady.
Sir.
I think I'll send that ambulance now.
Yeah, thanks.
Appreciate that.
Hey, Zach, 20-year-old sophomore at the University of Massachusetts
in Amherst, a majoring in art history.
Zach.
Hey, Zach.
He's a fine-looking young man, Zach.
I'm just going to sit here and stare at him.
Time.
Yeah, that's a double digit big number.
See if he sounds much or what.
He did a big number.
Into the job market.
So, yeah, he said he's got a big number.
Do you hear that?
Yeah, that's what he said.
Peter Parker says, thanks to George
for years of excellent service.
They're acting like you're gone.
You're still here today.
What's it?
Maybe at a time.
Maybe Norma is full of crap.
That email that he wrote me, it's just said,
oh, well, it's a considerate of done deal
and prepared George for this.
Yeah, it didn't say, you know, anything really.
It sounds like it's a done deal.
And it sounds to me like he's just throwing in the telling.
He's just giving up because he always lately.
The last several years, Norma always comes out on losing side.
Even when he's confident that everything is going our way.
And yada yada yada.
It's a slam dunk.
Yeah, slam this.
Dunk that.
Norma.
Of course, he's got big, you know, big fish to find.
A federal court.
I know.
Bigger fish than you for me.
That's what it is.
Fake Barry Jackass sends me this crap.
Lincoln financial media.
They're the people that operate that make believe station
across the street.
First quarter revenue fell 31.8% to 14.8 million.
As the parent company Lincoln financial group reported
a net loss of 579 million after taking a non cash charge
of 600 million after tax for impairment of goodwill
in the annuity business.
Imperiment of goodwill.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
The parent company has said his annual shareholder's
meaning for this Thursday.
Well, maybe they'll finally throw on the towel across the street
and say, oh, what a waste of money this is.
Wasn't bad enough.
Joe Fienberg peed all of his daddy's money down the toilet
released a whole bunch of it.
That wasn't bad enough.
How come they're keeping this kid on there so long?
Is he looks good?
So the economy is really bad right now and eventually
it'll turn around and I would rather see.
Sounds like a retard.
They're passionate about and struggle to get a job
for a couple of years.
They're just been.
And then be fine.
Rather than.
What?
He's less sprained like he's got a mouse.
He's better than someone that's into a major
that doesn't really interest boom.
And try to get a job.
It sounds very good.
That doesn't make it.
Perth the way it and.
Yeah, absolutely.
These are pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty.
You know what I mean?
No.
Tommy Jicke of the fake one says any developments
in somacasting the show in Orlando.
Read the rumors online.
Any truth of them?
No.
Read the rumors online.
Whatever rumors are, Mr. Radio.
And the same old bunch of misfits.
Neils doing this and he'll do that.
Nobody's offered me one penny.
The simul cast to show anywhere.
I'm serious on real radio on unreal radio.
We're already on unreal radio.
Buys act.
Bull, we're in the workforce.
We might have thought about retiring in.
I give my job.
Jason says I'm sorry, Neil,
but I just tuned in.
They really fired George.
Well, not yet.
But that's what Norma Kansas is going to happen this week.
How much longer does he have?
Who's taking his spot?
Flea is going to take his spot.
The assassin.
I think Flea wants to be the next PD bulger.
The assassin.
I thought that in your contract, you got to choose your producer.
I thought so too.
I started this Monday in great mood, says Jason, but on anymore.
Now I just want to put my head in a wood chipper.
You can't do anything, Neil God.
Oh, that's right.
Lay it on my ass.
So I can't have tried everything I know, but standing upside down.
All the best, George.
It's going to actually be the best thing that ever happened.
You a new beginning.
Look at it that way.
PS Joe, PS Joe, well, if you're listening, I want to put my foot right up your
joys.
You son of a bitch, Burn the hell says Jason.
What do you really mean, Joe?
Jason.
I guess now we know what the
Randy was talking about.
Well, I really pissed off people out there.
I understand this is some contrived controversy.
We don't do a contrived controversy on this show.
No, we don't have to.
No, we have enough real.
That's right.
That's a good point.
It never ends.
Everybody's getting canned everywhere.
And so why not, George?
You know, that I was down 97 points.
Big deal.
Big simmous.
Jeff says Neil, I'm disappointed, but mostly confused about this, George.
Stuff.
I kept hearing that your contract had an iron clad clause.
That's what you're wrong, Jeff.
No iron clad.
That's not the way normal rights contracts.
Everything is I see I see, you know, like so, so.
Choosing your producer.
And now you sound so defeated.
What's the deal?
I am defeated.
Corn and Norma.
I know that you have spineless,
ballless representation posing as your agent.
That's correct.
But I would think that even the most simple of simple
composers will be able to do something so rudimentary like,
oh, I don't know, maybe enforcing a contract that he was involved in shaping.
He was involved in the wording of it.
It's too ambiguous and whatever.
Because of his wording.
I always thought it was iron clad.
I thought it was just, you know,
it was no debate about it.
And then when you got a little weasel, a little
knucklehead like flea running around there,
it's telling you crap.
He told you this morning that he hasn't had any discussion about this.
It's news to him.
Yeah.
How is that possible?
Are they just assuming that for a few pesos that he's going to like do this
in addition to his other six jobs, they're just assuming that I don't believe it.
You believe it because you're, you know,
goable, easy, yeah, exactly.
Everybody knows it.
You think you think that fleas, you're good close personal friend because he
goes to concerts and gets stoned with you or whatever.
I've been telling you to be where the flea.
I don't believe it.
Me either.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe it.
I think I should just play that till two o'clock.
I don't believe it.
Go ahead.
For a little less.
A lot of emails coming in.
Brandon was right.
Oh, here's our,
Al Dente idiot.
There's not a Chinaman's chance that George Kent will ever work in radio again.
He's fine as your sidekick, but when he flies solo, it's like being bombarded with battery acid.
If you have a sidekick at all, it should be someone who will challenge you,
call you on ignorant idiot.
Call you an ignorant,
it starts in a Schmidt.
People are love to hear when you're pissed off.
Well, you know something I'm sick and tired hearing about that.
People are here when I'm pissed off.
I'm an old,
daughtering old man.
Okay.
I don't have the energy to be pissed off all the time.
Oh, have a hectic day.
And you'll have a hectic day.
I screw you.
Why do you think people send you ridiculous emails with stupid suggestions?
They want you to scream me out.
Carry on.
Have a stroke.
That's entertainment.
I'd love to audition for the job.
I hate gay liberals and I'll argue with you all day long.
Love, Al Dente.
Screw you, Al.
Drop dead.
Kathy and Van say I've listened to your show for many, many years.
I've been loyal to your sponsors.
And this is what corporate always looks for.
But if George want to longer support any company who advertises
and if George goes on the longer support any company who advertises on QM,
take that to the bank, Joe Bell.
Says Kathy and Van.
Yeah, take that and stuff it, Joe.
Uh, Kenny Gamers says there's no question about the fact
removing George from the new Roger show is stupid.
But I won't go out about it like the other emailers are.
One other thing.
There's no doubt about it.
If George is let go, Helena is speed.
He's an intelligent, hardworking conscientious person.
Well, now you get a little carried away.
The only thing, this is not exactly the end,
the kind of economy one wants to make a new start in great timing, Joe Bell.
Nickhead.
Georgia, Sappy is this may sound, it's true.
When one door closes and another one is open, good luck to you.
We're all hoping you stick around.
Thanks, Kenny.
Oh, here's Ray L with another, with another pull suggestion.
And in the middle of this, I mean, if I had a stroke on here,
Ray L would be sending pull suggestions.
Get a life already, Ray L.
Oh, here you go.
Paul Smith, you know, that one, the fake religious nut.
Yeah.
Sorry to hear George is pending this missile,
but it sounds like the judgment from God for all the no God jokes.
George, we pen to may save your job.
You too, Neil, the power of Christ commands you.
Fagness is a choice, not a birthright.
Aside from the way you people dress in skin tone,
there's nothing good about being queer.
Have a happy.
PS Joe Bell is a fine leader.
Skin tone.
Well, what does that mean?
Gave people have a certain skin tone?
Yeah, pink, I guess.
Pink, pink.
Maybe my skin is just a little gay, gray, okay.
Steven says, I enjoy listening to George,
both you and when he's doing his thing, both with you.
And what are they going to do to put it?
What are they going to put on the summer?
It's amazing the numbers that you have in spite of this,
Jack, as Jolly Joe, George will,
Anna's feet somewhere.
I'll be listening to somebody.
Some guy, thanks.
Some guy.
Yeah.
Here's one that's too long to read off the damn thing.
I'm going to print it out.
When it's out, print it out.
That's right.
So let me ask you, during the course of this hour,
nobody has come in, nobody has said,
oh, it's premature.
You're, you know,
oh, no.
He hasn't come in here and said, oh, here's Gregory Belmore,
the Belmore building, another fake.
I won't misjudge at all.
Yeah, you're the idiot, Gregory.
Belmore, my ass.
Here's one from Greg, some other Greg.
What would you do if George gets fired?
I will keep listening.
He is my god, regardless of who his sidekick is.
I will email and call WQM to complain.
Nothing.
It's about time he got canned.
I will, oh, this is a poll.
This is a poll.
Oh, my god.
What would you do?
Yeah.
Get a life, Greg.
Here's one from somebody with a phone number in Boka.
Chobel is a jackass.
Why does he insist on screwing up the Neil Rogers show?
He can screw up the sports nerd shows all he wants,
but not your show.
It says he's already done it.
Short and sweet,
George's last day on the show will be the last day I listen.
Sorry, you know, but it's George that kept me tuning in.
Well, how do you like that?
Daily.
Yeah.
It's George that kept this
faker with no name tuning in.
And the last day that you work will be the last day he'll listen.
Right.
I'm sure he's going to know when the last day you work is.
If he don't tune in, right?
That sounds like he's shot at me and he's shot at flea too.
Flea.
I say get the bug spray.
That's what I say.
How is he going to work with me?
Not knowing that I know.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Knowing that I know what he's done.
A-2.
Flea.
Oh, Neil.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Oh, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
This is CNN.
All schools are closed in Mexico, which has been hit the hardest by the swine flu virus.
They're even asking prostitutes to join the cause.
Mexico's president Philippe Calderón exploded in his pants.
Holy crap.
Police said he was taken to the hospital with second-degree burns
around his genital areas.
CNN breaking news.
What was that?
Oh my god.
That sounded like a poisonberry.
Yeah, a poisonberry in your pants.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Barry MacCockner says if George gets 86,
I'm going to come down there and kick Jolly Joe Square in the nuts.
We'll bring a search party with you, Barry, because it'll take one to find any.
I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
I don't know what to tell you.
How could anybody, how could any company take the ratings book that we just had and turn it
into this disaster, turn everything south, sour?
Well, if you don't like ratings,
maybe they like the nighttime number, the ones that start with it,
the ones that finish with it, that tend to 11 PM hour.
Brandon clarifies.
He says what I meant was there will be a flood of emails to come when flee starts.
People are going to be up in arms and will bash flee.
I think I might have to put it above Josh Cordis on the hate list.
He said, you know, Josh Cordis never cashed that check.
Still?
Which is fine with me.
You can tear it up and throw it away.
It'll save me, you know, I'd rather send that money to you.
But why is it that people put the bomb is Russia on you and then they don't cash the check?
What tells that all about?
Yeah.
He's probably in on this, you know, knowing him.
Corporate weasels, Pete Bolger wannabes.
Rob says, for what?
On godly reason to these weasley batches think that dropping judges a good idea.
They don't care whether it's a good idea or not.
They just want to save the money.
Don't you understand?
It's about money.
The philosophy behind the rod heads of the station.
Obviously don't listen to their own station.
Read their book ratings or understand the complexity of radio in general.
After the 940 liberal radio went sports hall,
that audience has swayed the QA Marigas and George.
Can they dig their collective ashes out of their sports hall long enough to maybe
listen to their own audience?
No.
No, they don't care and don't understand.
The nose dive ratings they've become so used to.
Rat bastards says Rob.
Rat bastards.
A lot of angry people out there.
A lot of people pissed off and fired up.
And Georgia's still here.
He's got, now can't yet.
Nobody's got the balls to come to him when, you know,
looking right in the eye and say,
this is what we've got planned for you, Mr.
So I give indirectly by Norma.
Prepare George for the end.
Oh, here's one from Rick and or mine by the sea.
Rick.
Wait for the hear his take.
He says, this is nothing more than an attack on you, meaning me.
Maria Bartoromo says, hello, Mr. Rogers.
I'm very sad to hear that Georgia's job is on the chopping block.
I certainly hope he took my advice and got long in the markets
at the beginning of the year.
If not Georgia, I encourage you to take advantage of the
down market today as it's a little true buying opportunity.
That was down 109.
On another note with Georgia's departure,
it will be a great time for us to start that
you invest for your future Friday segment.
Have Norma contact my people as soon as possible.
Vestry, Greggs, Maria.
Go away, Maria.
I'd rather have I wear a wind bag on.
Here's one that says is George really being fired?
Or is this another Joe Bell stuff?
If he's being let go, can you tell us why and when?
I don't know when and why is money money, honey?
What's the new show going to be about without George?
Oh, the humanity, it said, yeah, oh, the humanity, oh, the inhumanity.
Hey, you're right.
They think everything is a joke.
I don't understand.
They've been convinced.
They joke it's a stick.
We just make stuff up to have something to talk about.
But we don't see.
This is what gets me every other show does this kind of crap.
But we never have.
Joked about such things.
Jorge and Miami says, why don't you buy
Georgia tow truck so we can open up a repo company?
Or if George wants to stay at QM, he should volunteer himself for a pay cut.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Here's one from Jeff.
I thought I just read one from Jeff.
I'm disappointed, mostly confused about this, George.
So if I kept hearing that you're, yeah,
he already said that.
I didn't finish it.
I would think that even the most simple of simple
and posers would be able to do something so rudimentary like, oh, I don't know,
maybe enforcing a contract that he was involved in shaping.
Yeah.
Please tell George if he does get let go.
I'll fly to South Florida, hold norm down so I can,
you can kick him a squarely.
It is Microsoft, a scopic ball sack.
Oh, here's a good one says, George is a fag.
Yeah, that's good.
Kick him.
Miley's down.
You slime ball.
You scumbuck it.
You loser.
You can't complete faced loser.
First of all, that's not an insult.
The second of all, he wishes.
Yeah.
Dream on.
So Richard was one of our chronic regular says,
this is nothing more than an attack on you.
Management has to know that you and George are a team.
They try to make you go away with a giant pay cut.
That didn't work.
Now they get rid of George and make his and your life miserable.
They want you to crack and do something that will violate your contract
so they can move you aside as well.
It's time to dump your current agent and use the term loosely
and find a radio home that will appreciate your talents.
No, George equals a lesser Neil Rogers show.
Like a wise man once said, don't let the bastards get you down.
Hang in George and Neil.
A listener no more if the team gets broken says Rick.
So I feel like that we got a whole bunch of people threatening me
that if you get canned and not going to listen to me.
Well, you know what screw that?
That's what I say.
I'll law for you and I've done everything I know
and if I could do anything else I would do it.
But my God.
I'll listen.
No, you won't.
Sure.
Well, why?
If I'm in the car and stuff.
What's the only talk show I've ever liked?
And you'll listen to your close friend flee on the air.
Is that what you're saying?
Sure.
How the hell do you spell that?
Not flee.
Oh, shake.
I don't see how we can look you in the face.
With his two eyes.
And move his mouth.
It makes sounds with his mouth.
I don't see how we can do it.
Adam says, what's all this noise about George being fired?
Is this true?
Good God.
Why?
What about all the lost advertising revenue
the station will lose when he goes?
Who's going to do all the porn shop and stripper club appearances?
You think people are going to see any of the other jack ball stations on that station?
No chance.
Who's going to do the show when you're after him this summer?
Please, Lord.
No tapes.
Now it's going to be flee.
Probably flee in the beast.
Or who knows?
Maybe it'll, you know, every day a different producer or a different product.
Yeah, flee in somebody.
The show won't be the same without George.
We're reconciled the same after Marvin.
Left and his replacement came in.
Oh wait, that example.
Forget that.
It says.
Tell George not to worry.
Obama says the economy is looking up.
He's going to create lots of new jobs.
George can probably have all of them.
Don't you think?
If not, let him know.
I need a new long guy.
Love you, Neil.
Love you.
Adam.
Oh, the real Adam Kirschner.
It says.
Is it, you know, his email address?
Yep.
AM something.
Yep.
Okay.
The real Adam Kirschner.
I do like that.
Try to be a comedian.
This is no time to be a comedian, Adam.
He was always funny.
But thanks.
He was a clown.
Ken says, oh, this is about something different.
Oh.
George did not just sign off with Pat Ridey as a guest.
Bubba to Love Sponge was grateful that you cleared up his 18 to 34 numbers last Thursday.
He mentioned he's heard the rumor that Clear Channel Orlando is
Samo Casting Your Show on the FM Talker.
Well, guess what?
They're not.
See, if they wanted to come through, if they wanted to cure the show and come through
with enough bucks, we could save George's job with that money.
I would turn it right over to George or at least part of it.
Enough to make up for what he's losing now, meaning his job.
But nobody's contacted me or Norma.
And if it's Norma, he probably don't return calls anyway.
This is just like that serious bull crap.
Oh, the serious is definitely interested in Neil and serious wants to do this.
Yeah.
Sal Beyondos said, you left Patrick Swayze off the death pool.
I thought I blocked Sal Beyondo a long time ago.
I did.
But somehow he got through again.
Well, we added it this morning.
So that must be a date and he's doing great.
Not health wise, but pull wise.
He's number three.
He's zoomed up there.
Jason says, I was the first one who told you that tick
was the mole.
That piece of garbage, all he cares about is himself.
Flee if you're listening.
Take a break from giving Joe Bell that reach around and listen up.
I hope you, oh, that's bad.
Eat crap and die.
Fat boy, little bitch says Jason for Joe Bell.
Eat crap and die.
Steve says it wouldn't surprise me to see
clearance replaced George with Randy Shannon or our windbag.
Good luck to George and good luck to these sales departments
selling the show in the summer.
So Steve,
what's your take on that?
I don't understand the question.
What's your take?
Randy Shannon?
Who's that?
That's it.
Is that the most important?
Some sports nerd.
I don't know.
No, I don't know.
That's all they know about.
Just like we did to pineapple face,
Manuel Norega,
playing nothing but guns and roses.
Welcome to the jungle.
Until management
cries for you to stop and brings it back to George.
George isn't gone yet.
He's still here.
Aren't you there?
Are you there?
What?
Let me check.
Yeah.
And this is the guy that came in and shook your hand.
What?
What did I say to you?
How incredulous was that?
When it came in and shook your hand,
it can gradually you on the book.
Didn't I say, are you shmitten me?
Are you effing shmitten me?
Yeah, first I'd have to eat you.
Hey,
Congratulations on the book, George.
And by the way, you're fired.
Disgraceful.
Well, what a horrible business.
This is the business we have chosen.
Yep.
Oh, Ed Till says,
I actually threw my name in the hat at real radio.
I did middays at the station from 93 to 90 something
with press broadcasting and then Jenny Sue Roads
and Paxing Communications.
Jim Phillips and Lynn Levine are great and friends of mine,
but between you and me, I'm not a big fan of Clear Channel.
Tough times my air check.
And he's got an air check.
Link to an air check on here, Ed Till.
Go away.
This is the guy that was bombarding me with air checks 100 years ago
at WS News and now he's starting again.
This guy doesn't belong on the right.
He makes Stu got sound like Walter Cronkite.
That's how bad Ed Till is.
The worst.
He makes the chic sound like West Ravant Voorhees.
That's how bad Ed Till is.
If that's from the real Ed Till, I doubt it.
I think you're right.
I don't think any of them from our real people at all,
except Adam Kirschner.
Right.
Because we know his email address.
Very jackass.
Just out of control to this.
So obviously across the street,
they're having a good time.
Have a good time now.
Wait till at the clean cow pile gets those numbers in the midday.
10 to 1.
You think that Sadauna was bad there?
Just wait.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
That number is going to start with a make no mistake about that.
Now maybe you can go over there and do a non-sports show.
Middays compete with me.
What?
Nothing.
That would be funny.
I don't know.
I'd love afternoon somewhere.
I sure missed the afternoon shifts when one of the DJs.
That's my least favorite.
I hate afternoon and drugs.
My most favorite.
I loved it.
I did noon to six.
It was great.
I see.
Get off in time for dinner.
Yeah.
Yeah, but who can afford dinner?
Not me.
We've also got some of these restaurants.
Or certificates.
Love it.
Oh, you want to see how fast they can cancel those?
Maybe your head will spin like a cradle.
And I'll time for language lesson of the day.
Repeat after me.
As to no tea, as tabo muy buracho,
Iorra, as toi casado,
Auna, prostituta.
Which means last night I was very drunk
and now I'm married to a hooker.
I'll still win a big ol'
6.8 plus.
Love it.
17 at 5.60 WDQM.
Happy Monday to you.
How can we say happy on happy Monday?
Do we have that song on happy day
by the Edwin Schmendrich singers?
On happy day?
Wow.
Ed, till if you don't go, I'm going to just block him.
Okay.
I'm not interested in your history.
You suck.
You suck.
You're absolutely positively blow.
You make me nauseous.
And they're what your last email.
And often the etheric.
Oh, here we go.
Take a good shot while George is down.
George really sucks every time he route
and George holds it down the show.
We just turned it off.
He's just so annoying.
And college kids juvenile.
It makes my employee and I just puke.
Get somebody with a radio voice
and say to some college kid with the throat effects.
Die, George.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Nice.
Thanks, Joe.
Yeah, that's Joe Bell.
No question about that.
That's definitely from Jolly Joe Bell.
Fan-esque fart piece.
That was down 90 points.
Make it a little comeback.
You know where I'm going to have to go this afternoon
around 2.30?
I don't know.
Woodbine?
Yeah.
Plunge out my frustrations.
See, I've known about this all weekend.
I could have texted you or called you or something.
But I don't want to do that in the spoiler weekend.
Just like when you were on vacation.
I've known all about the email.
Let that just because Norma is assuming
that doesn't make it so.
Maybe they don't want to take a chance of a nasty court battle.
Do you think that's possible?
I don't know what's possible.
I don't know what's being said or done.
No, I don't either.
And I especially don't know what's being said
by your little twerpy friend there.
The one who you think, and I've been warning you.
I've been telling you, man.
I know these kinds of things that go on.
He is in Joe Bell's pocket,
like a little mouse,
like a church mouse,
like a tit mouse.
He is the pimp.
I don't know if he's the mole,
but he's definitely the pimp.
In fact, I'm surprised he didn't wind up cleaning up the toilets.
The floors that day when all our crap was all over the place.
Maybe he had told his buddy Joe,
hey, you clean it up.
They're tight.
You thought Joe and Fat Chris were tight.
You ain't seen nothing like these two.
How could they know how much money they're going to save off
what they're paying you without having discussed this with Flia
at a time?
See how much he'll do it for?
I don't know.
Think about that.
Okay.
Give me an answer, George.
How is it possible?
Maybe they just presumed it.
Oh, they presumed it?
Maybe Joe knows that, you know,
Leo will do whatever he's told.
Yeah, there you go for any amount of money.
That's right.
Or none.
That's what Freaky Carlos said.
And now look what happened to him.
Gone.
Mark and Miami says,
when you announce the recent ratings,
I laughed along with George,
because everyone who has listened to the U on QAM knows
that management can't leave well enough alone.
All they want is for the station to be a sports station,
and they'll do whatever they can to make sure this happens.
Of course, I will still listen to you,
but it won't be the same.
Hope George stays in, if not, he will be sorely missed.
Mark and Miami have sore about it.
Okay, he's sore.
Not just missed, but sorely missed.
Like Marty McSorley.
Remember him?
Nope.
Goon.
Hockey Goon.
How about those Panthers?
How about those playoffs?
How they're coming?
No.
Didn't lose any playoff games this year anyway.
We love the Panthers.
They shoot the puck.
Oishmoid juice is Neil.
Why George?
I'm sure there are more useless people in that hole
that can be booted instead of George.
Excellent point, Oishmoid.
Why not give George his own show at night
so he can prove he can hold an audience?
He's already proven that.
There has to be another way.
Joe Bell has no ability to reinvent,
or even do his job if his answer to everything
is to give up and blame somebody else.
That's it.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's corporate, corporate.
Just like this thing with the Fartsounds and with Joyce.
Oh, it's Joyce.
I agree with you, but Joyce, you know, corporate legal.
Call Joe Bell's mother if he has one,
and tell her what a schmuck he is.
Oh, I'm sure she knew.
I don't know whether she's alive or whatever.
Nor do I care.
By the way, happy Mother's Day in retrospect.
Oh, thank you.
Mom.
To whoever, to whoever,
all the mothers out there.
Branden says what I would like to know.
Also, what about Boka Brian?
Is Tlea going to get close with Boka like George is?
Or will Boka do the right thing in time to F off?
Believe me, Boka won't sit back and let,
and I've got news for you.
If Flee wants to get all that tight with Boka,
then he can pay him.
How's that?
All right.
Did Dan Good thing for chicken neck that I'm the one that pays most of his cash
because otherwise he'd be long gone.
We'd be playing all, all, all, bits.
Like that one.
Tanging out again.
That was down 104.
US soldier opens fire at Baghdad base.
He killed four other soldiers and then killed himself.
Nice.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
This is a different story.
Godman and custody, condition unclear.
I don't understand.
This is a different one.
We just had this story earlier this morning about another US soldier
who killed four other kids and then killed himself.
US soldier opens fire at Baghdad base.
Defense official say civilians could be among the victims.
It was a patient, but they just were.
Where's that guy with the cheeks again?
I don't know what his name is.
He's got chipmunk cheeks.
Okay.
That's where he stores the nuts.
Okay.
Well, maybe he does some tea bagging in his spare time.
I don't know.
On the receiving end.
587 on the pole.
Who is the next big celebrity to die?
Who's going to be screaming?
I'm dying on the hand.
Or whispering it.
Fara falsed 286.
She's winning hands down.
Poor Fara.
Mickey Rooney 73.
He could be over 200.
Patrick Swayze 64.
He's got Sures.
Don I'm as 41.
The knobbers are there again.
He's nobbing it.
Great.
The Queen, Queen Elizabeth the tooth 33.
John Madden 22.
Neil Rogers 22.
I'm tied with John Madden.
Big fat John Madden.
Liz Taylor 10, Joan Rivers 10.
Mohauer David A.9.
Lindsay Lohan 7.
Denyl from 5 and Don Shula.
The Brainstorm 5.
The Shoesmeister.
Is that Neil Rogers still on the air?
He's a funny guy.
Brainstorm.
Don't be disrespectful to Mr. Shula now.
South Florida will take great umberage to that.
And Danny Boy will come up there and kick your ass.
I'll take a one thing about Danny Boy.
For a guy who is, I mean he's very articulate compared to a lot of the other jocks that they got on the air.
But he's marginally articulate generally speaking.
Danny Boy.
But he has just, he's not everywhere.
He's got that putrid system thing going.
He's on spots that haven't been for businesses that hadn't even started yet.
Danny Boy.
Don't you see him all the time?
All the time.
Hold Danny Boy.
Mike him Kendall says.
And Mike says he's a long time fan of the show and George.
Past and future.
He says this is so effing tragic.
I have so many emotions.
I don't know where to begin.
Lee is a good guy.
I even mail email back and forth in him from time to time.
But he's not George.
George has been with you for a million years, almost 20.
And now because of the crappy economy, Joe Bell and the beastly figure they can finally blow him out.
But unacceptable.
Unacceptable, says Mike.
Every Monday you start to show it with a Monday sucks.
Well, that's an understatement today.
I'm pissed off from fired up, says Mike and Kendall.
How do you like that, jolly, Joe?
Mike and Kendall is really p-oed.
Fulming at the mouth.
Probably dropping big, big bombs on the floor wherever the hell he is.
I know I've dropped some today.
Oh.
Man, just call me the wild bomber.
The mad, the mad joysome.
Suck it in and hold it.
And now, great moments in history.
May 4th, 1494.
Christopher Columbus discovers the island of Jamaica.
Welcome to Jamaica, man.
Please accept this green plant as a gift.
We don't know what it does, but when you burn it, it makes you laugh a lot.
And heat everything.
We just hope we don't get known for this stuff.
This is great.
Thank you.
We have something for you, my Indian friends.
He's beautiful, hand-cracked, restless.
Just locked him in place around your ankles and hands.
Okay.
Ooh, nice.
And that's your gift.
It's called slavery.
Pretty cool, huh?
Oh, yeah.
And we brought some small parts too.
Ooh, that sounds iry, man.
This has been great moments in history.
1131.
I wonder if this is something as bigpox.
Good question.
That was down 110.
Henry says, if George goes, I go.
I've been a long time listener well over 20 years, but without George, you are high and dry.
You've been out of new material for quite a while.
And George is the only breath of fresh air you have.
How do you like that?
I'm out of new material.
Damn.
If you're a long-time agent, norm can't, can't write a contract to conform with your needs.
Why didn't you show your sincerity by firing him?
WQM has only one other so-called star, Jim Mandage, who is a little more than a tired rerun of his old sayings and gags in his boring.
Henry must be right across the street.
We're close by.
How much longer do you, a tired out bitchy gay from Toronto, think you can hold any audience now that Joe Bell is dictating the content and conduct of your show?
Oh, I don't know.
G looked like we're in real trouble in the last rating, didn't it?
Not.
The only casualty is George, as you've made your bucks if you never work another lick.
Yeah, right.
If I had all the money I needed, you think I'd be sitting here right now working for these grave robbing bastards.
Here's Henry, who's an expert?
A real schmuck.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I'm serious.
Get a life, Henry.
Go tell somebody else how to do their thing.
Tom from the hood says, listen, for 30 years since the early 80s.
Early 80s, 82 and 27 is 09.
Well, anyway, about 30 years, about 30.
Absolutely.
About 30, man.
George, and you work well together.
You both feed off each other, it makes the show great.
After they tied your hand with censorship, I almost stopped listening.
George has become so good at queuing in things and feeding you information.
It works.
Why don't they realize that George can beat any other host on that station besides you if he had his own show?
Some of the stations in this market is going to grab him since Tom from the hood.
They're going to grab you, George.
All right.
Here it is.
There.
J.P.S. is, I just tuned in on what's happening with George.
Well, we don't know.
We fear he's on the way out.
We fear he's getting stabbed.
Jeff and Davey, however, says if George is getting fired, he is S.O.L.
because he sucks out his own.
Can't stand listening when you were away.
And who's that ass clown he has on air with him?
Love you, Neilson, Jeff and Davey.
That's very funny.
I guess what Jeff and Davey miss another expert?
Guess what?
The so-called ass clown is the guy that they're going to replace him with.
Flea.
They're all experts.
These people.
They're all program, we've known that for a long time.
Sure.
They're all amateur program directors.
They're all experts on what should be on air and who should be on air and who sucks and who doesn't suck.
D.P.S. is, what happened to loyalty?
Here's the guy who covers you back for 18 years.
And all I hear is you'll bounce back.
I would expect more.
Maybe now's the time for I'm pissed off and I'm not going to take it.
Or maybe you should make sure your check is in the mail this week.
Well, guess what?
My check showed up three days early.
What about those bonus checks?
You were done and get mine yet?
No.
No what?
Your contract says you have to be paid within 10 days, right?
Line says that to be paid within 60.
Well, where's mine?
Where's my check?
Where's my bonus check, fat ass, Jolly Joe?
Not only are you just destroying me with this stress and the way you're man handling poor little George,
but also where the hell's my bonus check?
So the paycheck showed up three days early.
They'll say you're ungrateful, fat, you know.
That's fine, but where's that other check?
And remember, he was saying, oh, I'll be more than when the numbers first came out, we didn't know the hourlies.
Remember that email I got from him, congratulations.
Can't wait to sign your bonus check.
Of course, he doesn't sign the paychecks, but don't confuse him with the facts.
I hope somebody signed it.
And it better be in the mail now.
Now, I don't want them to be breaching my contract.
That would be bad, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Bill says, flea got roly fired now, George.
If only he worked at the White House about eight years ago, we might all be rich today.
Who's roly?
The other promotions guy.
Flea got him canned.
That's what this guy says.
Must be somebody who knows somebody on the inside.
Bill Olson, Miami Hurricanes one at Yahoo.com.
I wonder if he knows Johnny Olson or Mrs. Olson or Jimmy Olson.
Jimmy Gay.
Oh.
Brandon says, don't they know you enjoy our package and have been for an eternity?
That would be like serious taking Robin away from Howard.
I wonder what the ratings will be like this summer with flea and or tapes.
There won't be any tapes.
Let me tell you that right now, Brandon.
No tapes over my dead body.
How do you know that?
I don't.
I'm just making sounds with my mouth.
Knowing them, they'll put on anything that doesn't make any sense.
Plus, you know, it's going to be flea, flea in the beast, flea in this one, flea in that one.
You know that.
I don't know anything.
Even though he doesn't know anything about it.
Maybe Normans just making all this up.
Right.
But then again, you got that great agent that you and Chikoneck found.
The one that talks about taking 14 points and giving away 82 points and what's the point?
Remember that guy?
Yeah.
He didn't even know the names, the call letters of the station is much less really knowing anything about radio.
He, he, he's like 10 steps below James Crystal Radio.
Now there you go.
James Crystal Radio, man.
You can, you can follow up on me, foe on 640.
Yeah.
What time's he on?
6 to 10.
I'd still rather have after this.
You could do, you could do mid days now that I'm fresh out of material and I have been for years.
Still rather do afternoons.
Like I said, you could do afternoons on any of their stations.
Not that I would have positioned to be picky.
I mean, you certainly can do better than a point like that.
Yeah, I think probably.
And I'd probably have a hell out of your show too.
I'd promoted.
Hold right back at you.
Oh, here's the fake Greg Voodelle.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Jeremy Coleman and Tim Sabian are still going to talk if Norm would just contact them.
No, they're not.
They have no interest.
They got no money.
Fake Greg.
Jake Clark, Harry Valentine, a Walter Sabor, our fans of yours as well.
Yeah, Harry Pena's Valentine, right?
He and I got along great.
Jay was PD at WTKS and WABC.
Harry and Walter said they worked with you at WIOD.
J and Harry said the clear channel has run the real radio station out of the ground.
You'd be lucky to get 50 grand syndication from them.
They paid Shannon Burke on 185 grand a year.
Tim has a spot for you on Sirius 101.
If you're interested in the Simon Casting the show on Sirius XM, they would point more than Clear Channel.
But you know, you can keep sending me all the fake emails you want.
But the fact is nobody's talking.
Oh, here you go.
Greg Voodelle just got off the phone with Joe.
I'm packing up the U-Haul today.
I'll be there Wednesday.
Looks like I'll play Second Fiddle until you're gone soon.
Please remind Joe to order me a new chair.
God knows how many beener for it's your just blasted into the old one.
Greg Voodelle, PS Tossout for to get ready for a real radio talent.
Yeah, one that failed in this market over and over and over again.
Here's one from Holy Gorilla.
Isaac.
Neil, I can't understand how this is not a breach of contract.
Please get yourself another agent lawyer, whatever.
Norma's supposed to be.
He obviously is in on the fix.
George, they say you don't know what you got to let's go on.
And today I appreciate you more than ever.
I'll make a sacrifice to Neil God, hoping that it'll help.
Good luck, buddy.
Says Isaac.
He's making a subhuman sacrifice.
I hope it's a goat.
Maybe he's going to fry Norma Kent on a stick.
Talk about a lot, a lot, a lot of fat.
Oh, Neil.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
I'm sure too, but I'm going to get my way to get.
I wish her name was Larry.
Larry, sure too, sweet she anything's too short.
I want to be accepted in the world of sports.
You may think it's time to find me.
For me to have the matured fun.
This girl has a lot of money.
But now you don't think I'm so dumb.
I can play you like your bitch, got me a streak.
With poison champs filling her head.
And she'll collect double indemnity.
I'll push the bitch down the stairs.
Larry, sure too late.
Too late, I'm already mad.
I'm going to get my way to get.
I wish I was very glad.
And you're too sweet she anything's too short.
It's the right thing to do to make my way to court.
Now, it's 11.44.
What I say, 10.
Oh, my God.
That would be really, really bad.
Even 11 is not so great.
11.44, 16.00 noon at 5.60.
WQA, and they got the new morning show across the street this morning.
Jorge Siddano, and whatever her name was.
Crystal, for Nanda.
What?
For Nanda as I hear.
Crystal Schwartz.
And evidently, he must have made a hell of an impact.
I haven't had one email about that show.
Nothing.
Now, one spy report.
Zero.
As in what their number is going to be.
Oh, like that.
Starting with that.
And ending with.
Oh, like that.
Ray L.
So when you finally stop with the polls already, okay?
And when what happened with the day, I'm a swine flu.
You notice they're not high preventlating.
There's a lot more cases.
But they're not high preventlating.
And people are dropping like fly.
Yeah, it wasn't getting good ratings.
It wasn't tracking well.
So they haven't even had something.
Yeah, I haven't had something.
Track this.
And yesterday, what was that awful show?
I can't stand that guy.
Marvin Kell, or is it the other Kell?
I can't think of which one it is.
Anyway, it is that awful show about analyzing the media every Sunday.
Okay.
And they're telling about how two weeks ago they talked about the fact that
media was overreacting and the blowing this thing up and getting everybody into a panic.
Well, did you have to be a genius to figure that out?
No.
No.
Something sort of responsible sources, irresponsible sources.
That's what it's called.
Oh, it's all about Wolflet's Creek.
Ray says, tell George, I know what he's going through and it sucks.
I work for a big company.
And what are we going to do about this DSL line?
Am I not going to hear any more about that?
I don't know.
The guys from the phone company came back here again Thursday, two different guys and they
worked feverishly and with my help, they stuck to think, you know, under the carpet and around
the corner and through the wall and up to grandma's house.
And they got the wiring all set for the new ISD in line.
But now I have no idea when, if and when the other guy is going to come back and install it.
I mean, you know, I know I'm nitpicking again just to be in a pain in the ass.
Tell George, I know what he's going through and it sucks.
I work for a big company and every indication is that at the end of this month, they will be closing our store.
Does anybody here tell us anything?
Hell no.
Well, we have jobs elsewhere when we lose our health insurance, when we get any severance pay, nobody knows nothing.
The heartless bastards who run these companies have absolutely no regard spelled really badly.
R-E-G-U-A-R-D, regard for the people who show up for them every single day and inflate their bank accounts.
I don't think George will have a very difficult time finding another job if this actually happens.
But it sucks just the same.
George, keep your chin up and I'll see when the unemployment line says Ray.
Thanks.
Ray.
Well, I'm going to like to us, Ray.
Are the nuns boring again?
It's sunny sky.
It's not supposed to rain today.
I thought I just heard the, I don't even have the window cracked and I should.
You could fry, you could make an omelette right on your wrist.
That's how hot it isn't here.
Don't they have the AC on yet?
No.
That should be my biggest problem.
Cuban George says, love the way that all these ass clowns who listen to the show religiously, who live and die by the damn show, and every word,
write into bicks so they can hear their name on the radio.
Tell them to go eff themselves.
Why do all my black friends hate gays?
They're Democrats yet they tell me they vote anti gay rights.
This really disturbs me.
I would get new friends, but they might kick my ass.
Cute.
He has, don't forget to mention my name so I can hear it on the radio.
Cuban George.
Ah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He's almost as funny as Johnny Joe.
Oh.
Comes in and shakes your hand, congratulate you on the numbers.
I would have kicked him in the nuts.
I would have taken that baseball bat you got in there.
Whatever you got, you got that machete still in there?
No, I threw that away.
You threw it away?
It didn't really work.
It was only a prop.
Have you known?
Did you try it?
Are you kidding me?
I know my knives.
Do you?
Yeah.
I have a collection.
Well, good.
Bring us some in.
When next time you see Johnny Joe before he sits you down.
Hey, Joe, I got something for you.
Jason says it's unfortunate that you were loyalty to an incumbent agent
as leading the Georgia's demise.
How do you like that?
It's my fault now that you're getting canned.
Well, he has a point about the incompetent agent part.
Oh.
Unless Joe Bell schedules the mad dog for eight hours during the summer
while you're off, it'll be WQ Ames demise.
Struggling advertisers will soon realize that while they like sponsoring sports programming,
they can no longer do so in this economic environment
when the programming of the sponsors not reaching their customers.
While Georgia is not a jock, a Jew or a sports geek,
he is a unique talent who is dialed into the local pulse and all of us working schlubs.
This termination however could be the kick in the butt George needs to finally hire a good agent
and get the spik and sud show off the ground.
I just hope another station in Markle decided to go local again and put his show on the air.
Says Jason.
Well, thanks Jason.
Thanks.
Spik and suds, what do you think?
Sure.
Well, he come out of retirement.
Yeah, but of course he's working with him.
A long one, but think about working with him.
No, he Rick Robbie's got him paper trained.
He'll work real cheap.
He'll work for food when he comes out of retirement.
That's right for the free meals.
I bet you've got on other station.
It lets you eat on the air.
Oh, get all the free food you want it is.
Wow.
That's just another aspect of this whole operation.
I get it with the talent.
I get it on another station.
I'm going to say some things that we can't say.
Like what?
Like words that end in bag.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Do you see that?
Yeah, like that.
Scoomy.
Yeah.
Scooby-doo?
Absolutely.
What's that Rob Marciandre-Dom?
Where's that hot guy with the speech defect
that they had on earlier?
That student.
And what the hell was he all about?
What was that segment all about?
They had him on there a very long time.
I must have known I was watching.
What?
He was cute.
Who's the next big celebrity to die?
621 votes.
Ferris Fawcett, 295.
Almost half.
Mickey Rooney, 76.
Patrick Swayze, 75.
75, 76.
But nobody yet's got 77.
But next vote for Mickey Rooney will be 77.
He must be 80-something.
You want to Google it?
Don't overwork now.
I'm good.
I'm still here.
No, I know you're still there, but I'm just telling you.
If you want to really lay out, don't feel bad about it.
No, it's alright.
Don I'm as 41.
Queen Elizabeth II, 33.
For the Queen, for her majesty.
He was born in 1920.
89.
Thank you, Rooney.
John Madden, 24.
Neil Rogers, 24.
I can't get to separate myself from that big fat John Madden.
Liz Taylor, 14.
Mohar Davida, 12.
Joan Rivers, 10.
Lindsay Lohan, 7.
Donald Trump, 5.
And Don Shula.
The brainstem has still got five.
Out of 622 votes, that's a lot of votes on this pool.
I think could be wrong.
Not as many as they get across the street.
The only problem is they get votes on the pools,
because people vote 10-20 times on the pool,
but they don't get any numbers because nobody's listening.
That's the problem we got over there, Howard Davis.
You got a big mouth, but no audience.
And you got Barry Jackass, who's your pimp.
Barry Jackass is to the ticket.
What flea is to Joe Bell, the pimp, the mole.
Remember Greg Reed was, he had the water nuts.
He running around the hall trying to find the mole.
Yeah.
Who's talking to Barry?
I'm going to find the mole.
Remember that?
Yep.
What a place.
Mystery intrigue, backstabbing, frontstabbing, sidestabbing.
Barren Fitz is a firing George is about saving money.
I have a better solution.
I will do Joe Bell's job for half what he gets paid.
I know nothing about radio and we'll definitely screw everything up.
In other words, I'm perfectly qualified for QAIM.
The only quality I'm lacking in is I'm not a fat, fat ass loser.
I can work on that though, says Barren Fitz.
Cute.
Not cute, but cutesy.
I can't believe that we've been on for two hours talking about all of this.
And the audience is whipped up into a marginal mild frenzy.
And yet nobody in there during the breaks is coming to you and said,
oh, don't worry, everything's fine.
Or you're going to tomorrow's your last day or something.
Something.
Nope.
You haven't seen Slee again.
He hasn't come in and cried.
No.
I saw him in the hall.
And he said, I had nothing to do with that.
We don't believe you.
It's already been told to Norma that he's your replacement.
How's that possible unless somebody's talked to him about it?
I don't know.
The fake dark says Neil, I told you George is going to show up across the street in the morning.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Wrong George.
George, I got the pictures of Joe Bell and Chris rolling around at the beach at the Pomano Beach.
See food festival.
Give me an address.
I'll send them to you to post on the internet.
Nick Lawrence says they'll put you on.
Give him a call. He's waiting.
Oh.
Yeah.
This is what you need to get involved with them.
Oh, my God.
George says El Paso.
He'd rather go around picking food out of dumpsters.
Right.
Oh, return bottles for deposit.
Right.
Rather than go over there with that bunch of non-existent losers.
Oh, my God.
Talk about contrived crap.
I don't consider that staying in radio.
How about this?
This is not.
Oh, hasn't been for a while.
Ralph says PR Ralph, who just can't stop.
George could do the show that Father QDA was left go from.
He could do a good Christian in show.
There he is.
Well, worship Christ for food.
Sounds like a plan.
Like I said, PR Ralph, keep him coming.
Here's a poem.
Ed from Four Lauderdale says,
from one old far to another,
please forward the Joyce.
A sweet poem.
It's about farts.
Hmm.
A fart is a pleasant thing.
It gives the belly ease.
It warms the bed and winter and suffocates the fleas.
A fart can be quiet.
A fart can be loud.
Some leave a powerful poisonous cloud.
A fart can be short or a fart can be long.
Some farts have been known to sound like a song.
A fart can create a most curious medley.
A fart can be harmless or silent and deadly.
A fart might not smell while others are vile.
A fart may pass quickly or linger a while.
A fart can occur in a number of places and leave everyone there
with strange looks on their faces.
From wide open perray to small elevators,
a fart will find all of us sooner or later.
But farts are all bad.
It's simply not true.
We must never forget sweet old farts like you.
And that cute?
Yeah, cute.
Cute, see?
It's got like a little picture, a little, uh, of a fart.
No, it's a two old fart.
So he and a she.
Like a sunrise lake's couple, you know.
He's got the sun glasses on and they both got big puppets hanging out.
It's cute.
This is why not send this onto other old farts
and bring a smile or tear to them.
Yeah, there's nothing like being an old fart.
Oh, yeah, that's the farts.
This is the business we've chosen.
This is Coach Dineshuler.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or whatever it is.
This is the business we've chosen.
It's a two-to-1 hour or whatever it is.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or tear to them.
Look at her go swinging high and low.
Wiggling the boy's red bottle of juice.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Dance to paint her only thing.
She'll knock you off your feet.
When you hear her well and sing.
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit
when the music turns me on.
I know it sounds happy that I'm so not bad at human.
It is gone.
Sister G, a swing and none.
A shaken fountain turned a fun.
Fighting bat 485.
Then that dudkin really cries.
Brook作 They've done this reality.
Look, these trgus a squishie,
Well today is her 80th birthday sister Jean somebody emailed me Mark and Miami happy birthday Jean or not as the case may be
Sister Jean the dancing machine. I wonder she's a good machine man
I bet you Janet Reno would know
She's so alive by the way Janet far as we know oh
Oh
The stuff that's coming in everybody in their brother. Oh, well, you know you expect us to really believe this and you're out of material
And that's why you're talking this crap today. I mean just so sick of that garbage
Here's one it from a stoke broker Rick remember him oh, yeah Neil
I was a journalist in the film of Mickey Rooney and Miami called Michael Kale and the world news 1998. He's a real horse jockey
Those big companies like to sabotage fellow workers promoted backstabbing that's all I have today. What what does that mean? I was headed
They're always background acting George
Well, what does that mean I don't know I don't either he was a real horse jockey Mickey Rooney
Okay, what that means I don't even
Trevor says I'm surprised you will allow here we go
I'm surprised you have allowed this situation of George being possibly terminated to occur
George is a significant part of your show and should have been incorporated into your contract
Since you didn't consider George a contract time
It's time to step up and tell management that if George goes you go you don't need to cash anyway
Oh, that's news to me. This is a matter of principle
No one can maintain the numbers in the summer like George is time to stop being a woosey and grow up here PS flea sucks
If George goes I go that's right. We can just hang out on a beach together and fry get a good melon home
All right, I'll bring these spray on Sunblock because I don't want it's not you know touch your back the fake Greg butyl
I'm just gonna block him. I'm just a type of craft every every time we got some tourists on this show
There's the fake Greg butyl again or maybe the real one could be the real one. He's so pathetic tragic get a life Greg
No, I have no life. I know that and by the way, everybody still hates you like poison
Those who remember who the hell you are
Which are too many
It's a great time for the good taste. It's a good time or whatever the hell I was. Yeah, down agony
I mean this guy's idea of a morning show. I don't even want to go in with it again
Mikey says I don't usually write in only once or twice but I can feel compelled at this time I
Seriously hope this is just a publicity thing to gauge the public opinion regarding George. Oh
It doesn't matter how you say it how loud in which language or how many times
Many here are working joy that you arrived at your show with George fillin whenever he's asked we feel it would be a big mistake
This has been sent on the basis of cost savings the station has much more to lose by getting rid of him
There's a strong consensus here that George is a key player in the show
He keeps the show funny and flowing something else who's gonna fill in while you're on vacation
I can promise you not as some kind of thread just fact you will lose listeners
I for one will not listen to some sports hall and once I stop listening I may not come back. I'll just get used to something else
I do get free internet radio on my phone podcasts are a great way to pass the time
George connects with his listeners much the same way you do you each have your own unique style
But are both highly entertaining. I'll keep listening for the moment. Just tell Jolly Joe not to rock the boat Mikey
I'll keep listening for the moment. You notice all the threats. Yeah, are you threatening me? Yeah
As opposed to being supportive in some way or saying something constructive well if you know if you do this if they do that
We're gone and you're out of material old man in the audio audio
Now why is somebody well why is someone sending me a picture of Don Swini?
The ex- Bruins hockey player. Yeah, he looked good and what about it only except for the replacement
Is the true George got fired all over his terminal on the radio he will be missed keep it up and go ranges says some idiot ranges yet
Screw you
Neil I'm sending this email from my hospital bed. I just got off the phone with my lawyer. He said we have a good case
Last Friday morning at 1036 a.m. I was in a car accident
I was listening to WQM waiting for you to come on and suddenly the moment I heard some guy named Bo
Immediately I fell into a coma. Obviously a bow is short for boring before I went into my coma and crashed
I think he was all giddy talking about a football beer and some shark owner who sings badly
What's going on there the inmates are running the asylum send them a message Neil like Joey Zaza should I sue WQM? Do you know a good lawyer?
Love you love what is left of the group says Paul
Do I know a good lawyer if I did I'd hire him oh
Wait to hear all this crap you just you won't believe it. Well you will
subject you
Who's this from oh this is from nobody I
Remember when you were working on the new contract and George and Boca were supposedly working on their own deals
Then suddenly your deal was done. There's not so much and
And now sadly the chickens have come home to roost
You can blame flea Joe Bell or your fake attorney, but the responsibility is yours. Your is alone. Normal represents you
Not well, but he's your surrogate your advocate
Yeah, I bet he still reads the advocate
If he isn't representing you effectively and you continue having to do so who's to blame?
You knew normal was incompetent
But you still haven't negotiated and write the contracts. So now a big surprise that it's fallen apart
George and Boca have had no clout without you
Joe Bell divided in conquered he may be a pus but who would blame him
It's not as if there's a shortage of attorneys. So what's the problem a real attorney?
Not only wouldn't have let this happen, but even if he did he'd slap an injunction on these pounds right now to prevent Georgia's termination
You're in Toronto a big city find an entertainment lawyer today who has us affiliate
It's not too late if you want to take responsibility
It's only a real show radio show, but real lives are involved
blame Joe normally Boca anyone you like but who has the real clout who has the real responsibility time to boot you up
That's right. It's my fault. Sorry George
Hey, whatever
Rudy says since you have been in radio nil since you've been in a radio business for a long time
Do you have any context you can help Georgia out to the line the new job?
If not, I'll see George working with a homeless voice Georgia will miss you since Rudy
I'll buy George the orange t-shirt or whatever color is going that week
They rotate while by a mix and match. Thanks sorted assorted package
Here's one this is great subject out of material apparently
I wish you'd stop this your rate about Georgia getting fired
We all know that that's not going to happen and as shameless you would make up this story due to lack of material
Come on you can do better than that as once was said quit the crap and get back to attempt to do your show again
Cheers a tire listener cheers and cheers my ass
Everything is stick everything we make up like all the most of we made that all up
Right that's right now we get to the really good stuff
Well some of it or here's one from the fake Joe Bell tell George to report to my office by the end of the show remember
This is the business we've chosen from the fake Joe Bell
Really hysterical right? Yep
Here's one from Linda Bird Regional Vice President Clear Channel Center Florida norm
Have you contacted Clear Channel Orlando? This is a way to save George's job
Perry Michael Simon has been calling looking for comments
Well, what does that mean looking for comments? I don't know
And when why would somebody from Clear Channel be sending me a copy of an email
That they sent to norm and it's from the Phantom Informer
Subject raid WTKS contact. Oh, we knew people stop stop already with a nonsense
If it isn't Gregory Rob Benjamin Boudell. It's the Phantom Informer. It's this fake one and that fake one
Good god
tons of crap
Real crap oh you know I never read the result from your pull from the weekend Friday
Okay, 713 votes. Well, it's stuck in the middle of my pilot crap
What are you doing for your mother from others day? Well not too much mom's still dead. We should have had that on there
You should all that counts as nothing
So that's what I voted nothing
160 voted for nothing that one they a pull
Heartless bastards some of the above on 34 calling her 75 hey ma
She in answering visiting her grave 68
Giving her a present 58 getting her a card 45 taking her out to dinner 44
Making her dinner 42
Maybe I'll take mom to the sterling country kitchen or maybe Gregory Benjamin Boudell is still waiting tables there poorly or maybe I'll be
Well, there you go taking her off life support 31 visiting her
About 30 man punching her in the face 23 and breath isn't bad three punching her in the face
What kind of a answer is that for a pull like that from other's day? Well some people might want to
Oh, so now the review voted 23 times. No
Yeah, I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
Absolutely
Sure and that's okay, but you can't be a ship to you
Now you're at a high parenians those emanants is great have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day
Sure a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea
But you're gone straight to help a homosexuality
No
Fix it
You can be speak and drunken herl and chunks will laugh it all away
But you can't be a ship your gate
No you can't be a ship your gate
Don't even try be an a ship your gate
Gate gate
All 17 gate at 560 wq a.m
So here's one from the real time jica how do you like that?
Really well, I know because he's got my the code over there
Says Neil just so you don't hear this from a fake Tom jica. I just posted this on our website
It's at the top of the entertainment menu
Question I love Neil Rogers last week. I heard him talking about the station attempting you would have George Rodriguez
Is this for real or just part of Neil's stick?
Neil has enough power. I don't think you're with a george unless Neil agreed to it sign J.Y
Answered from Tom. This is not stick
Wq a.m. A shedding employees faster than the newspaper business
George makes more than most producers because he does a lot more including
Fill in for Neil more than 60 days a year
The urgency is probably tied to two factors saving money and having George gone before Neil's upcoming long summer
sabbatical
Wq a.m. Has long fell old tapes tapes of old Neil shows to be preferable to live George and option Neil is steadfastly resisted
There's a clause in Neil's contract that gives him the right to choose his producer George
But there are a few contracts that a creative team of lawyers can't get around
This could be a back to where it's time to get Neil to quit
But I doubt that will happen no one as smart as Neil is making that kind of money
He knows walks out in the snit. That's right Tom excellent the email. How do you like that?
Yeah, but he's he's got his thumb on it. Yeah
Oh, you should walk out do you you should say if he goes I go I'm not doing that
As much as I love George and appreciate everything it is for the show and I don't want him to go
And I've been
Heardically on the phone with Norma and screaming and yelling and shouting and emailing back and forth and carrying on
I've done I'm doing as much as I can
And how am I going to help George by being out on the beach how was that going to help anybody?
won't
I guess the the mentality there is misery loves company. Yeah
And then again when you deal with a company like this that's got a corporate bitch lawyer named Joyce
Uh, they'll don't go to the wall to do whatever they want
Brian says
Sorry to hear what qm is doing to George. I enjoy him on your show. He's been loyal
I called George last week would love to hear you on real radio in Orlando. There we go with that crap again
Believe me you have lots of listeners in central florida
You'll have a living and breathing audience on fm if wcm fires George could you walk out on the basis of reach a contract
I'm not walking out. Don't you understand. Let me say it again. I'm not walking out
Wouldn't surprise me if Joe Bell is behind a lot of these things about real radio and end
I've told you this for a long time. I think this whole deal is to try to give me to take a walk
Yeah, the only place I'm walking is like to take a leak in the aty room
That's it
I walked to my machines of wood buying today and that's it. I'm not taking a walk
And as far as breach a contract a norma you're fair useless absolutely useless
Air reveal with him always ends up the same way
I'm the losing end
Jim says I'm really surprised that George wasn't escorted from the building
Just shows how much of a d-bag Joe Bell really is he can't even fire somebody the proper way
Yeah, they should have been well. I haven't fired George yet
Right
Not to his face
No
Then if it wasn't for me opening up a big mouth you'd be sitting there like you know
Mm-hmm doing the limbo rock
Huh doing the limbo rock no right that that's right doing the rush limbo rock. I've been cocky in a long time
Me either oh that was down 11
Stewart says George leading would truly be the end at least he does something resembling a show instead of just reading fake emails
Yeah, that's a good point George is a real show when he's on I just read fake emails
I'm your friend
I'm your friend and what was please saying about how he's gonna put an end to that or something some crap
He said he met somebody who knows uh them or at least one of them
Yeah, we're gonna get their names in address so that we can do things on our own. He didn't say he was gonna do anything
Well, how are you gonna do something on your own when you're getting canned?
Well, I guess I won't have to do anything now. Will I?
I don't know maybe you can sit around at home and exchange your phone calls with them. Oh, yeah
There you go. They can have my cell phone number right there you go. I'm your friend
I'm your friend
Hi rod
George is gay
and that
You win this flea business. I just don't know
Well, I'm a gullible old fool and I take people at their word and he says he didn't know anything about it and uh
No one has discussed anything with him like money or anything like that and so really yeah
How's that possible
Of course he's gonna he's gonna cover his own ass because in in these in these impossible times
That's what everybody's doing now, right?
If they're smart they got to cover their own ass
Am I right right?
Hollywood writer John Furrier Jr. dies at 79 he won't be covering his ass anymore maybe with a blanket
A
writer for bonanza Hawaii five oh and the Walton's and lots more he was also a USC professor
prolific screen and TV writer John Furrier Jr
Who penned many popular series including the ones I just mentioned has died according to statement from the writer's guild of america west
He was 79
The exact cause of time of his death could be immediately determined. He just died. You know sometime
Whatever that means
John's character in dignity touched and influenced generations of writers from the founders of the guild itself to the newest of student associate said
writers guild of america west present pantheon vitro verapney in a statement verapney
For those of us who were allowed on his knowledge and his counsel john was more than an eminence grease. He was pure eminence
eminence grease gri sc
What does that mean? I don't know
eminence grease
I remember Bob greas
He wrote for dr. Kilder the twilight zone bob hope
presents the christleth theater the Walton's kung fu
As well as wrote or produced numerous movies of the week
pure screen credits include the singing none oh jeez
I was feeling sorry there for a second or two but the singing none with Debbie Reynolds and veer garson. Oh boy
over the course of his career he received many awards for his contributions on behalf of writers in the entertainment industry
He survived by his wife mary and seven children
He was a prolific writer and a prolific scorer evidently too
Sirius xm sticks it to subscribers. How do you like that by steve guttenberg
How's the serious xm satellite radio monopoly working out for subscribers question mark not so well now that Sirius
xm is the only game in town
It's nudging up fees for subscribers. Nice says
The one only satellite radio is companies both both of its ever increasing subscriber base are gone and the decline is significant
The number floating around the internet is a loss of 400,000 subscribers still leaves 18.6 million
But there's no way of knowing how many of that number are full
paying subscribers
Could the subscriber losses be attributed to recent price hikes the family plan package went from
699 to 899 a month and there's a monthly 299 feet received Sirius xm stations over the internet service previously was free
Back in March of last year. I asked who was going to pay for the merger and now we know we've lost favorite channels and pay more for the service
So please explain why the merger was such a swell idea
What about how would stern his mega box contract nearing its end?
Can Sirius xm hang on the former tresture radio god now that he's faded into the neuro blivian
hunkered down in the satellite into radio
Stern's visibility and what he used to be
But if the two million stern fans paid an extra two dollars a month for the privilege of hearing his some idly genius
Would that help Sirius xm show its first ever profit over the past year or so Sirius' signal quality has worsened
Sounds familiar doesn't yep again the post-merger performance woes are widespread
My Sirius signals have improved somewhat the last two months, but I still experience signal dropouts lasting a few seconds several times
They says Steve
Stereous Sirius Sirius xm sticks it to subscribers
The same to promising does it?
Everybody's getting canned everybody's out of work everybody's out of money everybody's out of business
I think people are gonna start like they shoot each other, you know
They think it's a then that's a plan sure
If I were you I'd start I'd have a list
Now it's almost 1230 and you're gonna tell me that after two and a half hours of the show today
Nobody in that building has come in there and spoken one word to you about this
pending disaster no they clandered to my fire jet
Is he there
Yeah, he says he's there is he there yeah when we get in the ISD in finished
I
Better let him know they finished the wiring here so that they can put the ISD in on Thursday
They finished it last week, but we got no arrangements yet. Don't screw up all our arrangements, okay
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger
You watch him every night that CNN welcome everybody to Larry King live
That's right. He's Larry King and now America's most famous cable news host with a pacemaker has cut a new CD entitled Larry King sings Bob Marley
We're jamming
I want to jam it with you
Tulsa Oklahoma hello you'll take this legendary newsman's interpretations of an even more legendary songwriter
Chick-a-boom chick-a-boom
He shot the sheriff
That's why he'll be my guest right after these words from Garley
It's manifing
Larry King sings Bob Marley only as Larry King can one love
one heart
Let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations
Get Larry King sings Bob Marley today to order your copies in three million dollars to cover the cost of his child support payments to Larry King live care of CNN
Hey guys slow down a bit pro 32 to 5 60 WQ I mean or I think now what a clearance to you
About what about your future he said I said am I fired yet and he said no
And that was it that was it he came in to get a plastic fork
I'm plastic fork for what I assumed for eating you know the plastic forks that I buy in some other words
He's eaten food probably free right now and you're sitting there when you can plastic forks that I buy so that everyone
Can come in here and get a fork whenever they need one when we get the food well for him
And that's it you didn't see the opportunity to like pursue it a little bit
Like what am I gonna say is he gonna say anything hey what's all the time to get me a straight answer no
No, but you know what I'm thinking. I don't think you're getting candy at all. Okay. I think this whole dog and pony show was exactly that
I'm I'm hoping
We'll see I think what it was was an attempt to see if they give me to walk out
That's the work in word jolly Joe have to come I told you I have to kill me
I that might be part of the agenda
What killing you oh okay well they are they can't do it one way they'll not directly they're doing the right exactly put me in an early grave
Bastards grave robbers and of course wasn't a clearance. I was asking a few days ago all
Oh, let's let's see how many days Niels been out since the beginning of the year give me a list and remember that see
That's why I told you that's why they're concerned about your health like how poor it is they want to they want to hear that you're coughing up blood no I'm not
Boy playing with toy gun is shot by sheriff deputy in California
A boy in Palmdale who was playing cops and robbers with a toy gun was shot in wounded Sunday night by an LA County Sheriff's Deputy
The boy was shot in the upper torso said deputy Ad Hernandez sheriff spokesman
He declined to release the victim's name or age when the still reporters at K.A.B.C. the boy was 15
Deputy Jeff Gordon said the boy was
airlifted to local hospital was in stable condition
Gordon said deputies responded to reports about 8 p.m. that someone was riding a bicycle and
Branishing a handgun deputy spotted the right and ordered him to stop the weapon
Instead Gordon says he pointed at the deputies obviously having watched too much TV
The deputy is fearing for their lives shot him once Hernandez and later on they determined it was a juvenile
Plank cops and robbers with a toy gun
Oh my god are you threatening me like that thing says
See this is the way they do things they can't do it directly
But just stop and think how is unloading your salary how does that compare with unloading mine
right
And they certainly couldn't save faces first after his book that just came out they could never save face
Right by like trying to you know directly openly chase me out right well. They can't anyway
What do you mean they can't they can't chase you out without it costing them a lot of money
Right a check Joe and where's my bonus check by the way. Do you ask clearance? No
They got 10 days from last Friday. Well what how many days is 10 from Friday?
Today
I think that bonus check better show up in my mail down there today Joe
Breach of contract. Oh geez here we go
See this is my idea of doing a show
And then they they keep creating these crises over and over again
Threading to do this and trying to do that and yada yada yada and creating all this crap and then normal gets involved
Of course, what's normal gets involved then all hell goes you know
Everybody's life goes to hell in a ham casket
Carol and Ian and Hamilton Ontario remember them yes
And they say this is our 30-mail this year. Hope we don't become chronic. No you can email anytime you want it says
Carol and Ian Hamilton not as bad as it looks from the skyway. Oh yes, it is. I've been in town. It blows
Real red necky place
Says hello Neil. Just when I think they came to another thing to screw up your show they cut George unbelievable it says
Unbelievable
We only hope George can get the show he deserves and take the revenue away from QA him hit them where it hurts
We enjoyed listening to George's take on life and is now instead of bait the Bible thumpers
This is our 30-mail this year. Hope we don't become chronic
Thanks
Now's down 109
Care costs are commanding more and more of the money that our companies could be using to innovate and to grow
Making it harder for them to compete around so clear and said you're safe, huh? You see that fart? No
I said am I fired yet and he said no, but you know, it's only 1236. Oh
Well, I got my blackberry on me all day long
Even at woodmine and of course if I don't get the message it means I'm in a part of the casino where it doesn't get the signal. You know, I hate that
Because if I get like an urgent message from a paco or somebody like I need money or you know like that
Of course, I can always pretend I didn't get it because oh, I'm in a dead zone and they casino. Yeah
Dead zone a lot of those any casino you go into a lot of dead zones
Michael says I used to listen you in George for years while I lived in South Florida now that I live in Vegas
I still listen you guys on the internet every day from a 7 or 11 my time
I love George. He'll be missed. I hope he keeps in contact with you Neil and tells you where he is
Then you'll let your listeners know then I'll listen to him too
Thanks George from any enjoyable years as Michael. Well, thank you Michael former Floridian. Yeah, he got out
Yeah, keep in touch George. Oh, I will
Don't ask for money. I won't
If I had a whole bunch I'd send you big big check whatever
It's all good. A lot of mouths to feed here. I'm not a mouth. Don't worry about it
A New York rabbi convicted of molesting his daughter has been sentenced to 30 years in prison
Monsey rabbi israel wine garden
Was found guilty in march of abusing his daughter through much of a childhood the trial was traumatic for the victim is not 27
Monsey
Somewhere in New York. You know where monsey is no
Maybe mums are is what they man mums are no monsey. It's a place
Wine garden acted as his own attorney put his daughter through a grueling cross examination. What a bastard
What a mums are a mums are from Monsey
During the trial wine garden sex wife testified against the rabbi and said on one occasion she found him half naked in bed with his daughter
On another occasion during the trial wine garden brought his own son to tears with cross examining him regarding a suicide letter
real real
Pleasant guy how much he knows joebel
Federal judge John Gleason told wine garden on Friday his behavior during the trial made his crime even worse saying
You seem to enjoy yourself in a perverse sort of way
The judge said he would never forget the woman's pain
Just like us here at QM. We feel George's pain
Now maybe I did the wrong thing by telling you about norms you may I'm I'm still I'm leveling about then huh? No, I don't I don't think you did
Because just because norm wrote it doesn't mean it's actually going to happen
He's assuming
Should I read it again? Sure
Boy 673 on a pool fat boy would be proud
Tubby fat Chris would be mighted proud of us
Here we go. Norma can't says it's a done deal Neil. This was written
Sunday
315 p.m.
Prepare George for his termination this week. I don't think there's anything else you or I could do
I will write a letter. It's in protest, but based on my last conversation with joe nothing has changed in his directives
Signed Norman Elliott Kent
can't
So maybe this is your last week or maybe they're gonna like do it on Wednesday
Okay, or Tuesday or today
Today at the end of the show. I don't know
If I was you when it gets to be two o'clock, I'd run out the door. I'd fly out of there. I usually do anyone
Do you? Unless I got some stuff to do but no
I'm sure it's my voice and fly right off the damn top of those stairs do it
You know the stairs that fat boy fell down that time. Yeah, those are the stairs
Fly right off of
You're listening to Neil Rogers
Club 4614 before 11 you think that kind of fits into the situation you have to answer there. Okay
Justin says this is just basic common sense
Uh
No one likes to see anyone lose their job my heart goes out to George
What baffles me however is the fact that George has lasted this long
His obsession with drugs and TNA would have to go would have to go to get him fired on a ton of stations
Of course there are other stations which engage in such fodder and it's my honest
Feeling wish that he fight a job of one of them frankly. That's a bit of a lie
What I really hope is that George will use his unemployment to let her rehab and get his crap together
Can you imagine having a teenager 20-year-old daughter?
Talking to her father about getting high and her mother cheating and sessily in as many sexual exploits
I'm a fags who I'm no prude says Justin but George is uneducated self-educated is nonsense and relies on adolescent
Topics to do his show Neil you are responsible of course
You are responsible for having my near-to-begin with and now you're responsible for failing to take a true stand against his firing
Frankly, I've never listened to George over the summer as I know how awfully is when he fills in
Flea was an obvious replacement. Oh Flea wrote this
The minute that Flea stopped popping in a CD and I listened
What the moment I heard Flea I stopped popping in a CD and I listened as I said I'm a huge fag a total neatly
I listen regardless
But Flea was so much better than George. How can you blame him for being good?
Bottom line you're an aged bitter old queen and I like that
But George is someone who printed a tens not to be the homophobic because you pay him and let him run off of the mouth about his drug addiction
I don't pay George George gets paid by the station. I
Again, George. I'm really sorry about you losing your job
But I think you're probably brilliant behind the scenes. I hope you'd find a job as a producer director
Or whatever one doesn't ready when they have no talent for on their exposure
Boy, you know talk about being all over the place. You're brilliant behind the scenes and you're this and you're that but you have no talent
And you're a deep bag and an S bag. Yeah. Yeah, and a glad bag
And I'm an old bag bitter old queen
How do you like that? This guy's got our lives down to a science again same old crap
Let me just remind you of one thing
This is the business we've chosen. Amen
With or without the post nasal drip
I don't know why I'm but more and more he's becoming one of my very favorite characters from those movies
from the odd father
Frankie Pintangely he's right up there. I'm talking about the you know the less than obvious ones
Yeah, you don't agree with him in raw. I like him a lot. Sorry. I have to call somebody about a spot
Really
Yeah, I don't want to play an outdated spot
We're playing an outdated spot on Q I M not a point. Oh my god. Oh, I can't believe it. I want a client say about the ISD in line
But a boot about a beep
He didn't even respond to it wait. I got a text message over here about that
Uh, ISDN main I don't I don't understand it. Maybe you do ISDN may not be an issue move was pushed back to Friday first show Monday from new building hope digital circuit in Friday
I don't know if that's from him or George Corso or what reading again
Please ISDN may not be an issue move has been pushed back to Friday first show Monday from new building hoping digital circuit in Friday
There you go
So they're gonna come Friday in the posky around here's at it. I don't know what that means
I don't either. I know they put new wiring in here. They did something they they dittled around
Finley Ohio that's the home of the great Joe Mars Jr. By the way Finley Ohio
An northwest of Ohio teenagers have been suspended by his Christian school because he attended another high school's prom
Officials that heritage Christian school and Finley and Warren 17 year old Taller frost that he would be suspended and prohibited from attending
Graduation if he went to the public school dance over the weekend with his girlfriend
Frost that he didn't think go into the dance was wrong even though it's fundamentalist back to school in Ohio
Forbid's dancing rock music and even hand holding
What about land holding? I'm sure of that
Frost didn't go to school Monday instead. He and his girlfriend headed to New York for a Tuesday morning TV interview tomorrow
Keen says he's now getting Facebook and email messages from all around the world
Taller you're a stupid a stupid star now Taller
For a business going man
Suspended by his Christian school because he attended another high schools prom so we could go with his girlfriend
Probably they're holding hands or and maybe even worse than that. Yeah
Maybe she even took a peek at it. Maybe she touched it
Maybe she'd like drew a stencil drawing of it
Jason who's just really out of control today Jason's strong
um
Says how about George markets to speak and such you or maybe the George and footy radio extravaganza. Oh my god
You and footy. I mean that that no matter what you've done over the years. You've done some evil things, but I mean good god
punishing you by
Pairing you up with footy. Yeah
How's this show doing by the way footsie? I noticed the uh fake Jimmy syphilis hasn't chimed in much
Especially since the book came out
Since we kicked big sweat smelly ass
I wonder why one why Jimmy syphilis is so mama. I don't know
Now Freito says I'm mad as hell
Joe Bell is a walking abortion. What do you expect from a guy who told you that war criminal Bush was doing a great job
Enough said this will be a very sad day for quality local radio if George gets fired if I don't think they're firing anybody
I
Think this whole thing was a ploy
Let's push the old man out especially and especially if they want somebody up before the summer schedule starts
Who would they most be interested in pushing out?
Maybe they don't want to pay me to do this summer thing, you know for two days so we can get paid full amount
I don't know knowing what a bunch of crazy bastards these people are I think they're trying to kill you
Well, it's not gonna work. It might though. I because I think I'm dying over here
I'm thinking that
Where's my bonus check by the way, and when is that ISD in line getting finished? I mean that that thing you read to me
There was like double talk mumbo jumbo yet didn't get it so they're moving into the new building
Oh, I see Mickey Rooney was the size of a horse jockey it says
He's vertically challenged and he loves to lay it on the horses
Please eat blueberries keep that brain sharp as a pencil
Blueberries I like blueberries don't you yeah the fun they're like
Huxenberries even better. Oh, here you go John and Lake Worth
It says if in fact they schmit can George
I would make sure that I do everything humanly possible to put on the worst show possible for land on my contract
I'm already doing that
Play the rack take callers let them say I'm your friend. This is Eddie jamba et cetera for four hours
You might lose a potential bonus, but it will be sweet revenge
I know maybe you'd give Jimmy Buffett to come to the rescue
Landshark stadium my ass. It says what a stupid name god this place sucks stay strong little George John and Lake Worth our friend
Thanks. He's our friend. Yeah, he is
He's a good guy
Oh, yeah Jimmy Buffett's teaming up for the dolphin though. What what does that mean? Can you explain that to me?
What does Jimmy Buffett have to do with the dolphins with football anything? I think he's gonna play quarterback
I mean, well, what is that all about?
That's a promotion. That is one of the saddest saddest
Marketing employees. I mean, well, why do if I'm a dolphin fan? What the other way? Give a crap about Jimmy Freakin Buffett
And landshark stadium. I mean, well, what is that?
Do we have another press conference today or what? No
Here's one I think in and support of you from a guy named Paul six 92 on the pull. We're gonna do 700 plus votes today during the show
Remember the old days we used to do a thousand all the time. Yep. Back when we hit an audience
Still no message on the horror. He said honor when crystal Fernandez show now one spy report about across the street this morning with a highly wanted big new morning show
Paul says I've listened you since 1988 and by far George adds more to the show than any other person you ever shared the mic with
When he takes over in your absence, he has new dimensions such as computer tips new music and movies aimed at younger listeners
In short, he expands the listener base as he appeals to a younger audience the other board office in interns you have on don't have the on air presence and of course the experience
I think the loss in George will hurt your show especially on the days that you're out
I hope the various sponsors that pay for the time will realize this and rain in the knuckleheads and make foolish decisions like terminating George's Paul
Rain in the knuckleheads baby
The rain in Spain falls mainly in your aernis
So you're not getting too much assistance over there what you're about to dry all your good friends. Yeah, flee
Clarence he doesn't know anything clear. It's probably done here. He doesn't know anything. What the lasagna doesn't know anything
That's what he said
Like I said, maybe you're not getting candy at all
I don't know maybe this whole thing has been just one big
Fishing expedition a power play. Yeah, what can we do to get the old man to take a walk?
I'll tell you one thing wouldn't take much to get me to go take a nap right now
It's here the season is of on us my thighs rumbling my cheeks fluff
That's baseball season folks. I can just smell it
A place to be is at the ballpark folks
An oasis an island where you can grab a cold beer and watch the cabana boys taking a ballgame
Or set to go now
It'll be hensha mind in the hill this afternoon as Tony Molina steps in the box
Always amazes me someone so strong and so big been so tender
Molina sporting a new tattoo
Man, oh man definitely draws one's attention to his firm muscle madness
He's shone now winds and launches a rocket swinging a mistrike one
You'll look just if Molina was swinging for the parking lot, but nothing doing
Part of Molina's new tattoo touches the crease where his bicep meets his trance
And I like it
If one were to trace a finger or anything else for that matter along that line
One would imagine it would be like a running your tongue at the side of a sugar cone
When the cream comes running down the o2 delivery just messes low of the county
Anthony Jorge Molina dark golden and uvigas baseball
Get it. Yeah, you ferry. You know, great. He more size. I'll tell you that one oh two at five sixty wd QA
It's our gigantic one to two hour Georgia still with us
Maybe I'm gonna get me a big calendar and put it on the wall you are minutely updates
Yeah, Georgia still here
First he says sorry about the situation. I like flea, but there's no way he doesn't know anything
That's right. You're right first key. She's not naive like you
If they fired George and flea didn't want the spot then what would happen?
Some of them had to have asked him at some point if he would like the spot
And if he would do it for X amount of dollars in yada yada yada yada all those things
I mean, I like him just fine. You know, he's been fine with me and he's worked fine with me on the show and etc
But he ain't you number one and number two. I don't believe him
And number three is in acceptable replacement. No
Roger Kaputnik says there would be nothing more entertaining than the Neil and Moe show at break all ratings records for sure Neil and Moe
Would you go
So they're moving into the new building next week is that what you said
This Friday from what I hear
Yeah, let's have mistaken. Well, maybe you ain't going
Maybe they'll wait, you know until the move is done
So I can help
Wait till we make our move to Vegas. Yeah
And then I'll be Godfather Connie's baby right
And then I'm gonna settle all family business on be available
Came that when
Here's one from somebody
This past Friday Bubba the love sponge was asked by caller about you and he prayed to as if you were the second coming of Christ
Bubba said Neil is an awesome talent and someone I respect more than anyone in the radio business
He then said when how it's your nasty who to bring over to satellite? I adamantly said Neil Rogers. How did that work out Bubba?
Of course, he had Norma can't in the middle of that deal
And you know what Norma can't
You
Living up to your name. I guess can't be all bad
Neil this must make you feel great knowing how we expected to run a business by the two giants in industry congrats
Bubba the love sponge is one of the two giants in the industry
Sure, oh
In closing, please tell Kimba Bo camper that he slurs and stutters way too much and it is very painful to hear him on ear
He truly effing blows
The gacky Bo camper and stuccoz are no town losers get them off the air now. Please within a hundred exclamation point
Yeah, get them off the air as if
Why do people write me crap like that like I've got some kind of client
I'm trying tenaciously and desperately to hang out at George and they're giving me a song dance
Who to be on the ear and who to get off the air you people are crazy
Get them off the air
Nobody asks me okay, in fact if they ask me whatever I say they do the opposite just like when they heard fat boy
Remember those days
Sure, whatever we try to tell them we beg them don't do it and then of course they live to rule the day
But no listen to us we know nothing
I mean we actually used to work for real radio stations some of us. Yeah, I remember those days. Mm-hmm
You
Chuck daily croaked over the weekend former coach of the Epistons mm-hmm
Went back to back championships with the decoherd pistons and led the original dream team the Olympic gold medal in 92
Chuck daily. He's dead how old was he?
I'll say a thing about how old he was
Not nothing it makes any difference, but
I
All I remember about Chuck daily is he was always seemed to me like really temperamental and all like always like red
Our box used to be always red in the face informing at the mouth, but then what do I know about NBA nothing?
I know everything I want about know about the NBA which is nothing right he was born in 30 1930 30 boy. You're good
Remember you so he was almost dating
Oh
Here we go from the fake Tom jicke just heard from Steve Lapa
He would be interested in George and suds for the noon to two weekdays and or six to 10 a.m. Weekends on a 50 WFTL
Steve asked his bokeh Brian's thing with you are going with George
Chicken I can't go in anywhere unless George wants to Pam
You gonna Pam I'll see what they offer see what's in the budget. Yeah
Yeah, I don't think he's going anywhere
Oh, he's tight with you, but I think he's more loyal to me. I
Think he's wrong. I think he needs money. He needs money. Where?
Don't start that again. Okay, you get you get pissed off at me when I do that now you're doing it
I wasn't doing anything. You're making those sounds. Okay
He needs money. Don't we all
In fact, I think I got another check coming up due to him at the end of this mother not really sure
I think maybe it's like at the end of September. I don't know
Way off in the future
And then don't be sending me no thing. It says please overnight the check. Don't do that chicken. I got a bad idea
He did that last time if I could tell you how that frosted my ass
You know how much I love him, but you you did tell me
Frosted my fat ass
Please overnight the check like I'm gonna I'm gonna spend an extra 30 bucks to FedEx intent like he can't wait a couple
of days because as soon as he gets the check in his hand he's in the bank caching it not depositing it caching it
Which is fine, you know, he needs the cash
But if you don't have any cash hoggondas has got a free giveaway tomorrow
I don't understand what this honey bee thing is with them. Do you understand that? Nope? I haven't seen any of those hoggondas honey bee
Hogandas marks its annual free flavor day four to eight p.m. Tuesday, May 13
This year all hoggondas shops are giving away a free scoop of any bee built flavor
Since bees pollinate more than 50% of the company's flavors. There'll be plenty of choices
during the last several years
One in three bee colonies has vanished in the US everything from poor nutrition to invasive mites have been blamed
This year's free day gives hoggondas the chance to highlight the plate of bees and get back to the communities that support local shops
It's got a picture of a
A carton of hoggondas vanilla honey bee
Then send it exciting to me vanilla honey bee doesn't sound exciting. No not at all
Not many leave put a whole bunch of chocolate in it. Yeah
Now we're talking or that banana nut
Let's store a pepper flakes mall and pepper pines and my bees doth and mall will also feature appearances by local beekeepers
Oh, I sure hope they don't get loose
To find a hoggondas in fact, let's take Joe Bell and clearance and the Joyce and turn them loose in there and then kind of you know pay a few bucks to the beekeeper
To turn them loose
To find a hoggondas shop participating in free flavor day visit hoggondas.com if you can spell it
For more information on the honey bee crisis go to help the honey bees.com. Don't you want to help the honey bees? Yeah, I'll help them get the honey bees junior
I didn't know we had a honey bee crisis
Talking about a freaking educational show my god. I learned something every day. Yeah, it's been in the news
I think flea ought to come in and chat with us during this last hour. I guarantee he's under penalty of getting canned if he opens a mouth
Okay, how long do you think?
I'll invite him you'll invite him what to come in and chat with us. Sure. He listens religiously
So I'm sure he's love you know listening right now sure
You see the mole he's out there hanging on every word
He's the one thing I don't want if you do get canned and they bring him in which I think is what their plan is
I don't want him to be the mole
You know, I mean in other words
I trust you of course implicitly after 19 years
I know that if I tell you something you're not gonna go running and squealing you know to somebody right
But in his case he they got him in their pocket. Do you ever have a flea in your pocket? Just this morning
But it hurts like hell see that's what you're getting canned for saying that too much just this morning
If you'd stop saying that I think your job would be safe, right?
And of course now if you don't mind of getting canned they're gonna all say oh see this is just a stunt
We were right. We knew it. Yeah. Yeah, that's a stunt. Yeah, stunt this
Uh
Lawrence our good friend Lawrence remember him good Jewish boy Lawrence
Sends a long thoughtful message here Lawrence is good
He's a guy with a brain not a boy with a brain, but he's a guy
I
Off the topic I heard you complain about how they're cleaning up Amsterdam according to the latest statistics over 50% of
Berson netellins last year were Muslim and in under 10 years the Dutch will be minority in their own country
The Muslims are totally unintegrated. You can be sure that when they become the majority to become the Islamic
Republican of the Netherlands and they'll ban all vices sex drugs even heineken who's this forbidden
So basically there were only a few years left where the netellins even exists anymore most of the rest of Europe is not far behind
The Muslims I'm telling you they reproduce like ants like fire ants
Heineel George goes what's gonna be on the air during your off day is some best of Neil from the 90s sounds good to me
Oh, yeah, PS dead Rick Weber sounds better than a live Jimmy syphilis. Amen to that. Don't hear from Jimmy syphilis no more
I
Love you uncle Neil. Well great. Not my time sweetie. I'm sure that
Now you faxing me something yes
Really you might already have a copy of this copy but just in case it's a copy of copy
That's a copy of copy and every time they copy me with copy I copy you we've been
Oh, I already have it copy
You're listening to Neil Rogers. Hey, oh man, what's up with you for the cock?
Oh
Is
Their hands on their marbles and play things and a half pass four
There came a young lady she look like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
She showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling reputes and litter from yesterday's hunt,
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a nightly, she'd show him her little betdog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter, sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Alright.
Okay, 118 at QAM.
So here's the deal. Wait till you hear this email I just got from Norma. Norma can't?
Oh, okay.
Neil, what and who is this?
And he sends me a copy of the email that I read from the Phantom Informer.
By the way, Michelle, thanks very much for your emailing me the time, Jekyll,
the article that I read on a year like an hour ago from the real time.
It's in a sunsend.
Thanks, Michelle.
I read it.
Been there.
Done that.
Norm, have you contacted Clear Channel in Orlando?
This is the way to save George's job.
Perry Michael Simon has been calling looking for comments.
I still don't understand.
From Linda Bird, regional vice president, Chief Channel Center, Florida.
With a phone number and a fax number for the PD, Catherine Brown.
And this one and that one and Linda Bird.
You will turn.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure I understand that.
Any of that.
Well, in other words, if he gets in touch with them and it's true that they want to
sign more cash this year on TKS, which I doubt, but if it's true, then maybe whatever,
whatever they be willing to pay to cure the show, we could use to defray your salary.
Okay.
And save your ass.
Okay.
And the meantime, Lee's here.
You said you wanted to talk to him.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Well, I tell you one thing.
You got a big pair.
So I hear that's what that's what the rumors.
That's the word.
Well, before we get into the fact that you lied, I mean, whatever, Bill Daly says,
Bill and Miami asked, did Joe Bell show up at Ken Maldon's tribute?
Let me just read it and then you can tell.
Just wondering if that scumbuck at Joe Bell to a Kanks advice decided not to show up at Ken Maldon's tribute last Friday.
Hey, Joe, were you able to work out that trade out for the food and beverages?
Some people don't know shame.
By the way, I think you're right.
All this George stuff is nothing more than a poet to get you to toss in the towel and say, I've had it.
Wait a hold a lie and you'll screw them says, Bill and Miami.
So did Joe Bell show up at Ken Maldon's tribute?
No, he did not.
He did not.
He did not.
He took Hank's advice.
Nice going, jolly, Joe.
You toured.
Why do you think he didn't show up?
I don't think he felt like it was going to be a comfortable situation for him.
Well, let me ask you, you're coming in here this morning this afternoon.
Do you think this is going to be a comfortable situation?
No, I haven't had a solid poop in like three days.
Why is that?
Because I'm in the middle of a craft storm.
I got put here.
I'm telling you, I haven't talked to Joe about money, about anything.
Outside of the conversation that you and I had weeks ago before you went on vacation.
I haven't talked about this with anybody.
So if they got plans moving forward, I have not been notified of them.
So then how can he tell Norma Ken or how can Norma tell me it's a done deal?
I don't know.
Unless unless it's worth expecting, this is still just to put it to give me to take a walk.
It's not going to work.
I don't I wouldn't why would they do that?
You're the highest rated Joe on the on the station.
They don't care about ratings.
All they care about is cut and cut and cut and money, man.
I'm also the highest paid to show on the station by far.
I mean, do you think it made sense to cut Hank?
Money man.
That's what it was all about.
It was all about cash.
That's true.
And the fact that Joe hates Hank like poison.
I think he also hates me like poison.
Probably.
Really?
I don't know.
It seems like there's real hatred going back and forth.
It seems like there's real hatred going back and forth.
There's definitely not a stick on your end, I don't think, right?
No.
Okay.
No, because he treats people like subhuman garbage.
Treats people badly.
Of course.
And look at the situation that I'm walking into.
Why would anybody want to put themselves in a situation?
I'm walking into a show that's a coming off their best book ever.
B. George is my friend.
See, you're going to hate me like poison.
And D.
I've already got four jobs.
No, not more than that.
You like poison.
I've got four jobs already.
So it's not like this is a perfect situation for me either.
So how much is it going to pay to do it?
I don't know.
Oh.
But if it is going to happen, I hope they fired George before they work out money with me.
Because that way I can hold out for more money.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I'm telling you.
I'll tell you.
George can tell you how much he's making.
And then tell you exactly the same amount.
In other words, if it was worth it for them to pay George that money, why would you do it for any less, especially in life of the fact you got all these other jobs?
Right.
Because they'll fire him if he doesn't.
Right.
So in other words, you're in a position that you're the gopher.
I'm in a no-win situation with this whole mess.
Uh-huh.
Beyond the fact that George and I are friends.
I'm your friend.
He's my friend.
Uh-huh.
So what do you hear about TKS in Orlando?
You hear those rumors too?
No, I just don't in the show.
Oh.
Well, Norma can't don't know.
You know, this idiotic email he just sent me.
What is this and who are these people and what's this all about?
Well, Norma knows about the radio business in the state of Florida.
You could put other than James Crystal Radio, which is not in the radio business.
You couldn't have a symbol in a room for Joe Bell's ass left over.
So he didn't show up at TKS service.
No.
And he did want to the funeral itself or the thing?
Right.
Because during the funeral, it's out.
During the funeral itself.
He was at that Dolphin's press conference.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
Priorities, man.
Well, I think the thing was the food was, is that really Joe Bell wasn't even involved with it.
That was more of a Chris Jones thing.
And they offered to trade out the food so that the money that they were going to charge,
because people had to pay $29 a plate.
Instead of the money going to shoelace, they too, what they wanted to do was trade it out and then take that money
and give it to Ken to state to help pay for the cremation and the funeral cost and stuff like that.
Wasn't that sweet?
Did it ever dawn on them that he wouldn't have been there having the funeral in the first place that wasn't for them?
I mean, he was, he was ailing, you know, an old 83 and smoking for like 50 years.
And a chain smoking all most of his life.
But nevertheless, they certainly hastened his demise.
You don't have to respond to that because I know that, you know, they expect you to kiss their ass.
So you're honestly telling us that there's been no conversation between you and anybody there about replacing George on the show.
Outside of the conversations that we had with that week that you went on vacation? No.
So how's that possible?
I mean, are you willing to do it?
If I have to do it, I will do it.
But trust me, if I was pushing for a show, wouldn't that push with my own show?
Maybe that's what it is. Maybe that's, maybe that's the idea.
Maybe Neil will walk out and can be the free in George show.
Well, I actually tried to pitch me in George for two to four and Joe Bell asked me what am I, George's agent?
Yes. I'm like, I just think it'd be a good show.
He needs one badly. So do I.
You just think what?
I just think that it would have been a good show.
George and I work well together.
Yeah. Yeah.
And it could be better than I'm sure it would get better ratings than half the stuff that we have on.
Yeah, half of the stuff.
Are you not going to be go? Is that what you're doing?
No, big O's great, but it's hard to follow your show.
Oh, the big O's not great. Come on.
Don't tell me the big O is great.
Well, you know, that big O may be rock solid.
But I doubt that.
I just get a two though and that's pretty good for us.
Well, I think that George and I doing a show from two to four would have been a nice segue from your show.
Yeah. Yeah.
Could hold a whole lot of number in there.
Right.
And then pass along a good number of the mad dog as opposed to like zeroes.
There's an idea.
Well, I always worked in the past.
I mean, it's not like all of a sudden managed to work up one thing just lost it.
It's not the way it works.
Takes a couple of days.
Yeah.
I've been through some crazy stuff and radio, but this is I think it's the top.
For sure.
Well, there's some somebody lying to somebody.
I'll tell you that for sure.
Somebody is freaking lying.
Well, I have nothing to lie about because it was.
I'm not saying that you were.
I say, yeah, you already.
They're offering me 50 grand a dear show.
I would tell them because if it's if it's happened in any ways,
why would I lie about having talked about money?
It doesn't make any sense.
Who says they're offering you 50 grand?
I'm just throwing a number out there.
I don't know what the number would be.
Hey, Joe, please wants 50 grand.
And then somewhere during the conversation,
there was something suggested in one enormous emails.
I mean, I've been in the middle of this for days now,
tearing my short hairs out.
And what is something in there about how would I underwrite the rest of Georgia's salary?
And I wrote back hell no, I won't.
I can't afford to do that.
I've already taken a 50 percent pay cut.
I've got 800 miles to feed.
Would I underwrite the rest of Georgia?
How about if I underwrite everybody's salary?
How would that be?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Not going to happen.
But Flea says he'll do it for 50.
So maybe Georgia can renegotiate his deal with is there an auction?
Is there an auction?
So when you start, Flea?
I don't know.
Now do you think there's a possibility this thing might not happen?
I think there is a possibility that this might not happen.
But I would say at this point it might be slim.
Really?
How do you know that?
Because they've cut to the bone.
I don't know where else we can cut.
I mean, we're so understaffed as it is.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, that scares me more than anything.
If 50, 60,000 dollars, whatever the money might be,
is so important to this company.
How solid is the company?
Rock solid.
And you're messing with the number one show on the station.
They don't care about that.
They hate me like poison.
They wish I would croak a wicked death.
When he starts asking about how many days have I missed
and about my health and yada yada,
that doesn't sound to promising to me.
Okay, well, thankfully it took a big role as to come in there.
It took a big pair.
Go to bed for Georgia.
He needs your help.
He's your friend.
Give him a big kiss, right on the lips.
We got off a quiet all of a sudden on it end.
Yeah.
28 past one, a QF.
Oh, God.
Little GTO.
The 65 Pontiac GTO.
It's the Sweden's card.
1965.
The year of the Quick Wide Drive.
There's a little GTO in every new GT37.
And you don't have to be over 30 to afford it.
That's pure Pontiac.
Pontiac GTO for 1967.
In the time you decided to ride the Wide Track winning streets.
Wanna see something really exciting?
The year of GTO gets now 100 seats full carpeting
and even a real warm dash.
Don't price one.
One of the wide track tigers from Boneyhack.
The 1977.
The Pontiac Grand Thames.
It's destined to become America's number one sports car.
For a road machine that really flies, get a firebird.
A Pontiac Firebird, the magnificent fire from wide track country.
Flying out of your Pontiac dealers in mass plumage.
Check out a Firebird today.
You'll find one to fit your personality.
And your pocket.
Everything.
A 165-horse overhead cam firebird on machine.
To the fabulous 325-horsepower Firebird 400.
Break away.
Get a firebird to free.
Break away.
Energy.
The year of the year of the year.
The 1971 Le Mans T37.
When Pontiac builds a low-priced hardtop.
It doesn't look low-priced.
And the luxurious firebird to free.
They're all pure Pontiac and all that your Pontiac dealers today.
Oh, I don't forget this one.
April 20th, 1769.
Ottawa Indian Chief Pontiac is murdered.
We now present Chief Pontiac's famous lost world.
That's not it.
Remember the one I played on Thursday?
No.
The Pontiac one, the real short one, the Jingle.
Oh, yeah.
What all happened to it?
What was that on?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
Did it come from Boaker?
No.
Well, it came in the package.
That's bad.
Now, there was a cute little thing, a little jingle.
You can't find it.
That's bad.
We were almost out of time anyway.
It's 135.
You know, why should we get all upset about it?
So what do you think about what?
I told you, I believe in him.
People have been making fun of me since I've been saying that.
Yeah.
Nevertheless.
Well, I think you might be right.
I mean, why would he come in there and go through that on the air?
I don't know.
If it weren't true.
But by the same token, how could...
I'm a wild-course Norma's goofball, you know.
How could Jolly Joven leading Norma down the garden,
pat the ball your imminent demise, if he had made some kind of alternative plans for what they were going to do?
I don't know.
Oh, here we go.
Neil, you are so full of it.
Are you kidding me?
Just like every other queer I know.
You talk and talk and threaten and do nothing.
Try to do what?
You totally kissed, please, ask.
No, I did not kiss his ass.
What do you want here?
I don't know.
Fly down from Toronto and beat him in the face.
Yeah.
Face-to-face interrogation, water boredom.
An inquisition?
One of those QM inquisitions, like we always used to have?
Remember those?
Sure.
Every time somebody would say something, or leak something out,
there would be an inquisition in Greg Reed's regime.
Okay, let me read the whole thing.
From Mark.
You're just like every other queer I know.
You talk and talk and threaten and do nothing.
You totally kissed, please, ask.
You're such a loser.
Up yours, buddy.
I'll never listen to you again.
You've made a fool of yourself just like you did when you got caught in the theater.
And you were forced out.
Oh, yeah, I was forced out.
I've been out for 30 years.
You're total coward.
You sell George out in a minute.
You could care less.
You have enough money to live on forever, but will always be.
Money will be always more important to you than people.
Typical fag.
Well, enough the rest of your miserable life.
Oh, enjoy the rest of your miserable life.
I won't be listening.
I promise you, without George, will lose the ratings.
Nobody wants to listen to a tea room of fag.
Give it up.
You're no longer interesting.
You're just an old troll who can't even stick up for his friends.
You've discussed me truly, it's his mark.
But you know what, Mark?
Bye.
He ain't going anywhere.
No, of course not.
And his name ain't Mark, but never to let.
Right.
Oh, here, wait a minute.
This might be the one.
Pontiac going out of business.
You think?
Give it a shot.
You discussed me.
You old fag.
Everything in there is about fag this and fag that.
Pontiac, we're going out of business.
Yeah, that's the one.
Let's just play that the rest of the day.
Oh, real fandom informers is I've told you this before.
I will say it again.
That was not me.
I'm retired as the fandom informer.
In fact, I'm out of the business.
Thank God.
I don't even have that little picture.
I used to include the bottom of each fags anymore.
If I ever find it, I'll send it to you.
But if it's not there, except for now, it's a fake or not me.
I send fags.
It's not emails.
There's no substitutes.
Love and kisses the real fandom informer.
Yeah, all that crap about the TKS and about serious.
It's all the same garbage again.
Whoever was the fake grape you'd all.
They waited for a little while.
Not here's the other opportunity that the guy gets came up there in Orlando.
So far, nobody's offering anybody a dime.
Okay, nobody's contacted anybody and nobody's offering a dime.
And Norma don't have any idea what it's all about as usual.
I mean, if I'm going to be working with Flea, if that's what it's going to eventually wind up being,
which who the hell knows, what am I going to do and tagging eyes into the point where it is just enormous hostility?
I don't think that probably makes any sense to you.
No.
But he claims he don't know nothing about it.
Right.
Here's one that says, what a crock.
George is over.
Get it straight.
He's a jerk in a smart ass who has no talent and never has.
He would never get on the air in any other station.
I hope he has to pimp his wife out for living.
I mean, why not make a living off of myrital infidelity?
What a jerk.
Never hurt Flea, but surely can't be worse than George, but a total loser.
Can't wait for his absence.
You know, you're a talented but queer.
That's a problem, but I can live with it.
Oh, it's a problem.
I can't live with George or short dude with an impolian complex who tells wild stories about his lack of life.
Give me a break.
You're not fighting for him because your heart knows he's not worth fighting for.
Right.
You're just being a huge, female, Jenny Alia, and trying to maintain peace.
Give it up, gay boy.
You're over next, says Chris.
Maybe it's Fat Chris.
Uh-huh.
Another one of our close personal friends.
Oh, no.
You're listening to me, you're listening to me.
Well, here we go again.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to hose it down.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's my day up to get it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brain.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, uh-uh.
I switched my BP and my leg.
I said, dog, uh-uh.
I like to dance around his waist.
For me.
All the laps quiet do dance.
Follow me.
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Pavel O'Vill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more my skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my BP in.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin so it's a bit more like my skin.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Follow me.
I'm going to get a little, uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
I'm going to get a little, uh-uh.
No.
Chris and Ford Lauderdale says, within the last few months, there was a day when you were
on vacation in Georgia with SICK.
His WQM forgotten, the show was an unmitigated disaster.
Way back in high school I took a mass media class and everybody was assigned to put on a half-hour
radio show with a classroom equipment.
The 4-day marathon of pain forced me to realize that it takes talent to be a radio entertainer.
After listening to Flea in the Beast stagger through a few minutes of the show, I was forced
to exercise my option to change the channel and was again reminded of it.
It takes talent to entertain people.
I'm ready to be vaulted since Chris and Ford Lauderdale.
Chris is revolting.
So I sent Norma an email, although I never got a reply from him about that TKS.
You know, you think he's going to call anybody and talk to them or just another stunt?
I don't think he's serious.
I don't think he's going to call anyone and talk to anyone.
Oh.
And I sent him a return email saying that Flea claims to know nothing about replacing
George and this whole thing may have been just a ploy just a test to see how far they
could push me before I walked out.
I'm not walking out.
You can come in there and take a big dump on the middle of the counter there.
You can do whatever you want.
I'm not walking out.
We got a contract.
We got a deal.
I'm taking the money.
In addition to which very soon we got that summer schedule coming up.
Soon.
Yeah.
Like the last part of June rhymes with soon.
Here's a really idiot piece of crap with just a phone number.
No name, subject Islam.
Regarding the Muslim take over the Netherlands and many other places, thank you and your
generation for leaving us such a wonderful world to live in.
So I'm not only responsible for the fact that you may get canned, but I'm also responsible
for the world as in the shape that it's in.
Glad you know that.
Because the Muslims are taking over at Needlelands or wherever else.
Yeah.
Remember those t-shirts that the Steve and Nicole had made up.
It's Neel's fault Blake and then on the back of that.
That's right.
If it rains, if you have wild diarrhea, it's Neel's fault.
Whatever bad stuff happens, it's Neel's fault.
We only that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
Now got the power.
Gus is what a great idea as there is no general topic show that I know of after your
show.
If they can't see the Georgian fleet show would be great.
They must be as dumb as you look.
This is Gus.
Meaning me.
I don't look good, but I don't look dumb.
Do I look dumb?
No.
You look dumb.
No.
Yeah.
Now that's it.
Numb.
Maybe it was a typo.
It must be as numb as you look.
They're numb.
Skulls.
John Brooklyn's got a good point.
He says I've long told friends of mine who have expressed interest in getting into radio
to get real stable jobs.
Unless one wants to work for a minimal pay, live with a U-Haul trailer permanently attached
to the back of the car, radio is an industry past its prime, stripped of any real chance
for creativity by onerous regulations and overly cautious bottom line driven managers.
Boy, absolutely correct.
George deserves better.
He's proven to be a real talent, a proverbial, consummate professional, and someone with
too much kindness and class to work for the likes of the beastly beeslees.
If he must leave, I hope he finds a better gig at a real radio station or reach channels
of talents into a more financially successful medium.
George certainly deserves better says John and Brooklyn.
Amen, John.
Thanks, John.
How you like that?
See the nice people or the people out of town?
The people in town?
Like that.
Like that.
Coincidence?
No.
Bob Bees is, I'm saddened and dismayed that those ass clowns at QAM.
Having heard you speak of it all this time, I thought, Georgia's termination may happen,
but hey, Norm has been totally wrong in many occasions before, right?
Yeah.
Let George know he'll be misd if, in fact, the deed goes down.
I'm sure he'll turn up in the local market and I will listen.
As one of the previous emailer said, sometimes changes for the better and George will make
the best of it.
As ever, I'm your friend in the Florida Keys, Bob Bees.
He's our friend.
Yep, right?
Yep.
Here's Lawrence.
I threatened to read this a while ago, but it got lost in the pile.
Lot of emails today, man.
A big pile of them.
Brandon was right about that.
Yep.
Lawrence says, I don't know or understand what Bell is thinking or what he thinks getting
with it.
George would accomplish.
Does he think this is a way to get you to squirrel enough that you would quit?
Or is there just another string of moves on the radio that will do nothing but continue
to plunge the station down the toilet?
But you know, one thing about the toilet, Lawrence, and that is that once you flush it, whatever
is going down, it doesn't usually come all the way once in a while to come back up.
That's right.
Encore?
Yeah.
I forgot about that.
Once in a while, it floats back up.
I hope George stays on.
Nothing gets flee, but flee ain't George.
George, especially as you sidekick, but also as the Philan is a special talent.
He also apparently understands you better than just about anyone else who could work with
you.
You understand me?
No, I don't.
Does Bell think that there would be instant chemistry with flee in you?
I'm sure you'd be professional about it on the year, but does Bell really think you
just continue on without being p.o. and noticeably so?
And this keeping George in you hanging is fairly cool.
This is playing with someone's livelihood.
Bell isn't on the next to dialysis, but maybe he should be.
Good luck to George, whatever happens to Lawrence.
Thanks, Larry.
Thanks Larry.
Hey, Zeus says, have you seen little Tommy's answer regarding George in the Sunsendle?
Yeah, I read it on the year from the real Tom Jicke.
He says, I hope George stays.
It would be a real shame for somebody else to fill in when you're out.
George is a fine job and keeps many of us listening when you're on vacation around
for any other reason, like being sick all the time.
You know me?
Take care.
You too.
Take care, hey, Zeus.
I never got to the thing from this atheist guy.
It's just on.
I also never got to boom.
We're ranting about Ken Mold and funeral.
I'll give it a tomorrow.
And also never got to the thing about the poll they took in Dave County among 400 Catholics
poll in Dave County.
Most of the sports scandal Reverend Hitt, the scandal hit Reverend Alberto QT is saying
the churches, celibacy rules are outdated.
74% of those surveyed, including Hispanics and non-Hispanics, opposed to Catholic churches
prohibition of priest marrying or having any type of sexual relations.
Only 22% said they supported the celibacy deal.
About 4% said they were unsure gave no answer.
I mean, if the Lord would have wanted priest to be celibate, he wouldn't have given
them a penis, would he?
Good point.
They could appease, you know, a p-hole, through a maybe through a long,
huge, that instead of a weeness.
I love that.
I could just play that all day.
In fact, maybe we'll play it all week.
So you think I got to reply from Norma yet about my email about fleets said this and
this one said, Norma is so out of touch, man, because he's a big shot.
You know, he's in federal court.
I understand.
Dealing with, I mean, everything is a big federal case.
Oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me,
oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me,
oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh, me, oh
I shouldn't order from this bottom of the list I didn't know with the Eurolearned drift I bought a boat, I would always be with you So stay away from a symphony suit
And it took a long time, I should have seen our sights So no dissents on a friend of mine He got infected now, I've got it too
So keep away from a symphony suit Yeah, keep away from that girl
Hope that I'm still living for good now, keep away from soup
Oh, she likes to sleep around Yeah, you did it with my bastard house
We didn't know that I started to come Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the moral of the story
From a guy who knows, used to have a hoax where this fungus grows
And scared me to hold that chiever's nose
I'll keep away from a symphony suit Yeah, keep away from that girl
I don't know what to do now
Bye, bye, bye
