The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guest, and collars, and do not reflect those of the Beastly Broadcast group.
I thought all the people in order to get are people, hey, the viewers are for the biggest names, the best talent, y'all.
You know, you've got to listen to the old 3DO516, you know, you're a QAA.
I don't think about it.
Now the law's not coming in the bad way.
All right.
How about those 15 people at the hockey game last night? Let's hear it for them too.
All right.
The 560WQAM presents the Neil Rogers show.
People have been talking to Neil, dial 56050560, and date, and brown.
In other counties, call toll free 877785 Neil, or pound 560 on your AT&T, and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his collars, do not represent those of the WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers show on 560WQAM.
It's Friday, you first.
It's a trend that's sweeping the nation.
Same sex marriages.
And now you can find out about all the latest trends at the same sex trial x-fold.
At the same sex trial x-fold, you'll see things that will make your eyes, and other vital organs, high by high.
And the manliest of tuxedos for.
The manliest of women.
The same sex trial x-fold can help you find a perfect honeymoon location.
Referably some state where you won't go to prison for what you'll be doing.
And our same sex wedding etiquette experts can help you get answers to important questions like,
who wears the pants in the family, wouldn't need a one once to.
And how long do you have to stay married before you can start going back to the bar?
The same sex trial x-fold.
Come on out!
Okay, it's 10-0-1-560WQAM.
I can actually talk today. How do you like that?
Wow.
But I don't want to overdo it.
I don't want to stress my throat out.
We'll see one one o'clock rolls around how you sound.
No, no, no, what I'm thinking is that maybe you do the show today, and then by Monday after a weekend, I'll be fit as a fiddle.
I need a little bit more warning than this.
And that sound good?
No.
Sound like a plan to me.
No.
We got a dry run today on our pick-up pony contest.
And as soon as we figure out how that thing works, we'll let you know.
I was told that in previous contests, just Josh Cordis picks a winner using some sort of a random system, you know, chicken bones or something like that.
Pick a winner.
Yeah.
Because you were asking before how we're going to determine when people sign up, how we pick the winner contestant.
No, no, not a winner contestant.
Hey, contestant, sorry, sorry.
So if we want to come up with a better system than Josh Cordis pulling names out of the hat we can.
Well, I don't care.
Let him do it.
Let him do something.
I'm sure he's getting paid some big bucks while other people are dropping like flies, man.
People are getting fired like crazy.
I have an email from the fake jewelry rentals, and it goes on forever.
It'll kill some good time.
Dave Michaels fired it.
It did it from WIRK.
I never heard of Dave Michaels.
I have no idea who it is.
Did you?
Nope.
Anybody out there know who that was?
Dave Michaels, WIRK, because the fake jewelry seems all whipped up to a frenzy about this.
But that's the nature of the business and the nation's unemployment rate bolted to 7.2% in December,
the highest level in 16 years as nervous employers slashed 524,000 jobs,
capping one of the worst years in modern history for American workers.
Thank you, Mr. President, for the massive unemployment for those grotesque gas prices for a very long time,
which of course dropped like a rock.
Thank you for the 4,000 dead American soldiers plus, which now when American soldiers dies,
doesn't even make the news anymore.
Ah, that's old hat.
And of course, the hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis that never made the news,
not to mention the dead Palestinians and the dead lesbianese.
But all of these things just continue rolling right along.
Let's try to be happy.
Yeah, put on a happy face.
Yeah.
People need a little lift.
They need a few laughs.
Which again, although I got several obituaries, I got one email out there who does nothing but send me obituaries.
Really?
Yeah.
Which is fine.
We like keeping track of the dead people.
And one of the things about that is that we're delighted that it's not us.
Right?
We're here to talk about it and they're in a box.
1,000 and 5 votes on the poll for me yesterday. How do you like that?
All right.
No items in the view in the Neil et Neil Rogers dot com. There's nothing in there at the moment.
Other than Neil which WQM showed you listen to the most, that's our poll question.
I only listen to Neil 488, 48 and a half percent.
Jim Mann which 273, Joe Rose 115.
I don't listen to WQM at all.
85, 8.4 percent of the people on our website don't listen to the station at all.
What are they doing on our website?
I don't know.
What are they intruding on our website?
They're looking into the form.
Yeah.
The big O is 22 ESPN radio 12 DA Damon Amindolara 7 and Dolphin's Hotline only 3.
Because I guess both camper could only figure out how to vote 3 times.
Dolphin's hotline.
Just a killer.
So DA has to follow that and he's got to be on a nighttime on a signal that you can't even hear it inside the building.
Much less outside at night.
That's what clearance told me yesterday.
By the way clearance don't bother me anymore.
You bug me.
Every time he calls me it's about something just annoying you know.
Wasn't a big deal but it just taken up my time.
Don't bother me clearance.
You bug me.
You're annoying.
You're an A hole.
You're an idiot.
So do it.
Does anybody out there know who Dave Michaels was from W.I.R.K.?
I mean we have this gigantic audience in Palm Beach.
Sounds like another you know fake name DJ with the two first names there.
Like J Michaels.
Right.
Like um.
George Michael George Michaels.
George Michael.
Yeah maybe that's who this was.
Well the fake joy Reynolds says Dave is alive and as well as can be expected after being dumped after 20 years in a number one show.
And leading South Florida broadcast radio station.
We used to be leading South Florida radio broadcast station but that's a long time ago.
I think it's coming up on three years isn't it as a three years now this month that.
Jolly Joe has been here destroying and pillaging and raping.
We're not keeping track of.
What's not keeping track.
Anyway Joey says his show was not for the faint of heart but was also kind and respectful to those serving our nation and those in personal crisis.
Well what does that mean?
I don't know.
He was hard on those he knew were asses and nurturing to those he felt needed support.
David Times had no heart.
Other times he was all hard.
He kept the listener on the edge of their seat.
Wow.
I thought that's a country music station W.I.R.K.
It is.
Those brave enough to call in learn sometimes the hard way they were dealing with the seasoned professional quick on his feet and slide like a fox.
He worked alone much to the surprise of most people.
He played the sound effects that said we're like a virtuoso.
Boy this is one of the most ass looking you think he died or something he didn't die.
I don't think.
However what led to it was being treated differently on professionally kept in the dark like a mushroom and slowly having one hand tied behind his back then another then his show taken away then eventually the worst of all his microphone shut down and a cowardly involuntarily involuntary dismissal was an ever increasing so called FCC regulations gag order starting with the Janet Jackson war.
The word road malfunction.
Can we relate to that?
Yeah, I guess we can a little bit.
Dave had and has too much class to trash his former employer.
His former employer had no sense respect for Davis number one radio personality employer even as human and the way they torturously and slowly killed the soft photo radio icon over the final year of his employment.
They killed him.
That's what this business will do to you.
That's what Joe Bell is doing to me.
You're killing me Joe.
You're a butcher.
It was a sad tragic slow agonizing and water tortured type death.
It was classless.
If any idea what he's talking about.
Nope.
The real reasons for Dave dismissal my personal opinion are the greed of corporate America.
Davis enters early 50s and it costs more to pay quality and experience talent that does hot shots interns out of radio tech schools.
Health insurance cost alone can make the corporate headquarters accountant justify urging management to make cutbacks when in fact they're diluting the quality and individual uniqueness of regional work.
Corporate headquarters radio experts seem to want to have one station for the entire nation so they can reduce cost as opposed to giving listeners what they want.
It's corporate arrogance and bottom line mentality and it's worst.
Well, this is just it's almost over.
You have to think I Dave had a job all locked up again until the greed of the corporate American banking lending and investment banks that have caused this global economic meltdown cost him his new job.
The day before his first broadcast.
How do you like that? He was getting ready to start a new job and the day before his first broadcast you fired it.
It didn't this is not a no bitch. He read David me back.
But hopefully the services a wake up call for the entire broadcast radio family of DJ staffers and even local management.
Happy New Year 2009 says the uplifting fake joy Reynolds.
About Dave Michaels.
Well, I guess it's real because I I googled them.
I'm not really sure it's one of those people like Johnny Dork.
You know, there's like a whole bunch of different sure Rick Shaw.
There've been like a whole bunch sorry Rick, but they've been a whole bunch of Rick Shaw's. He knows that.
Yeah.
What's another one Johnny rabbit.
Okay, right. I don't know.
Well, it's like it's like a industry name.
It's an industry that's fake. That's right.
And so there's a whole bunch of those people.
So there could be like a whole bunch of Dave Michaels. I don't know.
And quite frankly, don't care. But that was a magnificent email that killed some excellent time.
And maybe maybe I'll look on an email thing and there will be a whole bunch of emails saying, oh Dave Michaels was this and Dave Michaels was that.
Michael Corleone did this and Michael Corleone Corleone Corleone.
Let's see. Here's one that says I hear communist in the background.
Oh, that's not going to waste another hour like we did yesterday.
Oh, it's a signal. Okay. It is what it is. It is what it is. You know what he think about it.
Listen on P on the transcript.
On the screen is fine. Listen on your phone.
Here's one from the fake Barry Jackass who says Joe Rose is good and small doses.
But I can't take four hours of his show, especially when football season is over.
What Joe Belcher do is bring D.Fo and Mo back put them together with Joe to recreate the worst thing.
And also why does everyone seem to hate the big O?
I don't know. I hear he's rock solid. I hear I don't know Barry. Get a life already.
If I'm going to be expected to do more work for this picked up ponies promotion,
I'm going to need a little more something, something to check this thing.
I mean, you know, thanks big guys is Josh Cortes fake one. Obviously.
Uh huh. Maybe that's the real one. No. How do you know? I do.
You do what? I know. Are you getting married again? I do. What are you talking about?
I know. I know what I know that it's the fake Josh Cortes.
Why? Because he because you got it because you got an email.
Oh, because it was in your inbox. Therefore, it's a fake.
Well, that was the only one that was in there along with that other piece of crap.
I have this. Not what's coming in there these days.
The vloggers dot com. What? I have a flawless system.
If it's in your inbox, it's a fake email.
Not from Johnny Dork though. As far as I'm telling you right now. That's the old Johnny D.Fo.
I'm not saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
People put hammers. All peen hammers through their radios when that thing comes on.
Then for mate to 11 DA tries to follow that Greg don't like this from 11 to 1 Greg Likens.
And then the SPN radio.
It's five to a Friday you bastard.
I'm giving you a summons for speeding and a ticket because your daylight's burned off.
Thank you officer. You at the ag pay.
Well, have a nice day.
This teenager didn't get into more serious trouble because he knew pig Latin.
And now you can too. Thanks to learn at home pig Latin taste.
Yeah, but why should I learn pig Latin?
Because it helps you in all facets of your daily life at home.
Uh, mom, uh, my girlfriend Sally is, um, agnet prey.
Uh, that's nice.
At work. I drop this Erger band or play.
I stop learning pig Latin can even help you at school.
Oh, my dog day ate my homework.
Wow. I never knew how important a second language was.
Well, now you do and learn at home pig Latin taste are so easy to use.
You can learn to speak fluent pig Latin within months or your money back over our daily ice cream.
I'm so get learned at home pig Latin tapes today.
And tomorrow you'll say, that's cool.
No, that's okay.
Okay, 1018 at 560 WQ.
I'll tell you one thing that Dave Michaels must have been a really popular guy in Palm Beach because the only comment I've got is from the fake very jackass who says I haven't heard Dave Michaels.
But I hear he was the neorodgers of Palm Beach after Lee Fowler died.
Okay.
He was the neorodgers of Palm Beach.
Okay.
I read a lot of similarities in that story about how they systematically destroyed his show and they tied his hands behind his back and they did this and but a bit of a boop but about.
I don't think there was any such person as Dave Michaels.
I heard them saying, yeah, I think the fake Duet Reynolds made the whole thing up.
I don't know because the Barry who's all over the radio dial like Stink on Joe.
He just he says he never even heard him and then there's no other.
There's nothing else in that email thing about him.
If he was so popular, I mean, don't we have a couple of list of the still in Palm Beach where they can hear the station?
I would imagine.
No, evidently there's a there's a Dave Michaels dot com.
Yeah, and what is it?
Who is it about Dave Michaels?
No, but I mean what is it?
What is radio pitch today's radio news inside radio?
All access radio.
Go on the air.
I saw that.
Yeah.
That looks like that right wing goofball David Citron who claims to be a South Florida radio expert Dave Michaels Atlanta talent Atlanta.
Insight.
I mean, there are there are a lot of Dave Michaels as you mentioned.
See, I've thrown in that.
It's one of the like Jamie Michaels new anchor when they were with Michael K.A.B.C. TV Los Angeles.
Wow.
Welcome to Dave Michaels dot org blog.
Yeah.
Well, nobody knows who it is.
Yeah, my space page 36 Saratoga Springs.
Oh, well, I need the guy.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here we go.
Alice Rantell.
Didn't you and Stan work with Dave Michaels at W.I.N.Z.?
No, we did not.
That was J. Michaels not Dave Michaels.
Get a right, Alice.
Straighten it out.
You queen.
Here's one from Gregory Esquire in Opalaka.
A good friend of mine.
Listen to you.
It's pressured me for years to try you out.
So this morning I tuned in and on the morning after one of the greatest Collins football games of all time.
You're talking about childish nonsense.
Everyone I know is having celebrating the Gators.
I don't give a flat crap about the Gators.
Okay.
And I'm going to tell you right now I watched a fair amount of that game.
And if Oklahoma had any co-honies, they would have what it would have smashed them.
They keep driving down the field.
Don't tell me about great defense.
They keep driving down the field, taking up chunks of yardage at a time.
And then they get inside the five yard line and then they run the same stupid play.
One of the plays, one of the Oklahoma players tackled his own running back.
Yeah.
Oh, and everybody try.
You need to learn a little about radio, sir.
I don't give a crap about the Gators.
Okay.
If that's all you know is being a bandwagon jefferant at Fony Bunch or Rednecks up there, go right ahead.
Be my guest.
Today is the first and last time I'll be tortured with your gibberish.
Gregory, Bill, more Esquire.
Opalaka.
Well, screw you, Gregory.
Opalaka.
I'll be your ass with a piece of glass.
It's choir and Opalaka.
Yeah.
Esquire, my ass.
And here's a perfect follow up to that.
Literacy study.
One in 70 West adults are unable to read this story.
Yeah, that makes that makes sense.
I believe that.
Yeah, everybody in the world is talking about the Gators and about the game.
That's why we're not getting all my emails.
That must be it.
Because we're supposed to be talking about the Gators winning the national champion.
What's to say?
They won.
They won.
The game was talked.
What's to say?
Yeah, turn into a sports center in the state.
Two teams played one team won the end.
That's right.
The other one lost.
It's over.
It's over.
And ain't over till it's over.
But guess what?
It's over.
All these people, all 50 people went to the Panther game last night.
And by the second period, they were all gone because they had to go home and watch the Gators.
You know, this is the thing that cracks me up is that there's this allegedly phenomenal rivalry.
This hate, this deep-seated hate of the Gators is off Florida because they're not the
Keynes or even the Nobles away.
You know, for years, that's all I've been hearing.
We hate the Gators.
Right.
And now they get in the National Championship game and then no less win it because Oklahoma
played like a little girls team inside the 10 yard line.
And now all of a sudden, oh, you should be talking about the Gators.
Go talk to somebody who cares about the Freaking Gators.
Okay.
I don't.
Cubman Dread.
The International Committee of the Red Cross yesterday have discovered shocking scenes, including
small children next to their mothers corpses.
When its representatives gain access for the first time to parts of Gaza battered by Israeli
shelling, according to a report today in the International Hero Tribune, it accused Israel
of failing to meet obligations to take care of the wounded in areas of combat.
Well, it's slaughter and why would anybody care about that when the Gators went to Gators.
When the Gators went to Gators, when the Gators went to Gators, when the National Championship
went to Gators, oh god.
Even Georgia's speech was about it.
Here, all right.
That was good though.
That was a good email.
I liked it.
Keep that crap coming.
And by the way, there is no such person as Dave Michaels.
I'm convinced of that because if there was, we'd already had something.
He was as popular.
Here's one that says, good morning, question for George.
I have another child on the way of decided to take the big sniff.
My wife is concerned she may want another child in the future.
Can the big snip be reversed if we decide to have another one down the road?
Thanks a lot.
No, nervous as F.
The answer is yes, but it's not 100% guaranteed successful.
It's like 99% guaranteed successful.
Yeah.
The reversal.
She wants, she might want to have another one.
Tell the bitch run, get the sniff and then run like a silly.
That's right.
Get the sniff and then if she wants to unskip you then say get lost bitch.
That's a way to do it.
Oh, you should be talking about the Gators.
Don't you understand there's anybody cares about it?
Is it freaking Gators?
What's going to put this on into the loop all day long?
That's right.
Can make them have the Gator crap.
Gator droppings.
Is that the Gator ride?
I don't even know what this is.
Yeah, the Gator march.
It's the jaws thing.
Get it?
Skaters have jaws.
Go.
Okay, Zannis Clever.
Very creative.
Yeah, I don't have any emails from the box.
That's because we're not talking about the right crap.
Yeah, learn something about radio, Miss Garrett.
I don't want to learn about radio.
I'm learning the hard way.
I work for Joe Bell.
I'm learning about all of that's not nothing to do with radio, but nevertheless.
Can you believe there is not one email in there?
Yeah, I believe it.
About Dave Michaels and I want email in there about the Gators.
All of a sudden you want about Tim Teebo here.
I don't care about Tim Teebo.
He can be a fake email or like that.
I couldn't care less about Tim Teebo.
And he's ugly anyway.
Quarterback for Oklahoma.
Look pretty good there last night.
The only problem is every time they got inside the five light yard line, they fall
all over each other.
It wasn't that was great defense.
It was just totally inept and unimaginable.
And oh, that thing that Oklahoma does.
It's even worse than the sandy-pate and manning.
Every play where they have to like come up to the line of scrimmage and then all of a sudden
they back away and they all look over to the sideline.
Oh, what do we do now, coach?
What do we do now?
And then they go back up there and then running back, trips over his own guy.
Yeah.
Oh, just annoying us.
Hell, that's the new deal now.
Go up to the line of scrimmage and then like back away and then run away and start acting real
spastic and fly, you know, and whip your hands all around and act like a goofball.
I'm going to tell you something.
We have reached critical mass, critical ass, critical ass on our, on these emails.
There are none.
Is that possible?
Of course it is.
There are none.
Look, even these lights were so incredible.
Sabotags just show this morning with all that crap about Dave Michaels.
I think you're right.
Yeah, because that tune the audience right over to the sports guys because they're talking about the Gators.
What the heck is wrong with the best talent?
You're a busy little Roger.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Anybody alive out there?
Can you hear us?
Do you know I'm talking about the Gators?
What to say?
Ben says, what's your take on the Gator game?
Were you happy with the outcome?
I couldn't give a crap less, Ben.
And I'm not going to pretend that I do.
How about taking some calls to discuss might liven up your show as Ben?
Oh, yeah.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Gator is one.
I'm your friend.
Might liven up your show.
Live it up your ass, Ben.
Stick it.
Stick it and lick it.
One says, stoop sabotage to steam against that smoke and mirrors Gator defense.
I think also that the big O deserves more criticism and ridicule.
He's a buffoon.
Rock solid.
A buffoon says one.
Stoop's blew it.
I don't even know who stoop is.
Is he the coach?
Is he the quarterback?
I don't know who that is.
You know who that is?
Yeah, right.
Have we met?
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
I think we know each other.
We know each other.
We know each other.
We hate the Gators.
They really suck.
I don't get it.
I do get it because it's a front running.
All of a sudden everybody in Florida is a big Gators fan.
I tried to watch quite a bit of it, but I just I couldn't get into it.
Like I said, Oklahoma keeps driving down the field.
These fantastic drives just great passing.
I mean like like a real team, almost like a pro team passing the ball.
And then they get down here inside the five, ten-yard line and like,
Oh, geez.
What do we do, coach?
Hey coach.
I don't care about it.
Mike says, tuned into at the end of Joe show.
I think I heard one of the best sportful calls ever.
This closet queen called in and said,
T-bow looked so cute sporting the John 316 under resides in the game.
What?
I almost peed on myself since my Cabagre week and you two Mike.
He looked so cute sporting the John 316 under reside.
They're very Christian that family.
I got news for a T-bow never looked cute.
He's ugly as sin.
And I didn't see the end of the game.
So I had no idea how they pulled off that day.
And I don't like I said, I don't care.
I don't care.
Call up one of the sports and there were shows there's about a hundred different sports talk stations.
And guess what?
Speaking of the big O, guess where he's going to be next week.
I took a peak.
I sneak peak at next week's schedule.
He's going to be at the East West shrine game next week, the big O.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Okay.
For all you jock sniffers out there.
I mean, oh, here you go.
Jim DeFetus says,
I'm surprised you haven't heard of Dave Michaels.
Well, guess what?
Neither is anybody else evidently.
Dave was arguably one of the best on-eared talents in South Florida.
His quick wit and way with fans and listeners kept many tuned in.
He truly loved what he did, had an overwhelming talent for making people smile and keeping them entertained.
He raised the bar and took risks.
And long with those risks came great rewards in the form of dedicated fans who would tune in lightly to see what annex he would pull out of his comedic bag of tricks.
And yes, sometimes he was harsh, sometimes mean, and sometimes just plain outrageous, but that was the beauty of it.
It wasn't just another carbon copy, take your dull request and play a slow song format.
It was original and unique.
Says the fake Jim DeFetus.
Who sounds to me just like the fake jock rolls.
Here's one that says,
Good morning, sir, first death to the Gators.
Second, I have listened to Dave Michaels.
Not bad.
Had a good following was funny at times.
Actually took requests.
Says, sir, you own West Palm.
How do you like that?
Or only took us a half an hour to get a response on that?
Here's one says,
used to listen to you in the Bahamas for years just picking you up in the UK.
Great fun.
How is the guy from Lutz?
Remember him?
Yeah, we remember him.
How is the guy from Lutz?
Who knows?
Oh, here's one.
I like this.
This is the best email we've ever had.
Short right to the point.
It says there was a game last night.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one from obese Hank.
Uncle Neo, weren't you inspired by Tim T. Baggs Bible verses that he painted on his face?
Did he really have Bible verses painted on his foot?
John 316.
You know how they put the grease under their eyes there.
Right. He had John 316 written under there.
I bet he had a little grease on his foot.
He surprised me for the after game celebration in Lutz.
Oh, here's one.
In French, je vous prédient bien, vous l'ouvrez, excuse.
Yeah.
It's one of those, you know, I have a $1,000,000 for you somewhere in Nigeria.
But this one is in French.
That's I think only my second one I've ever had in frog.
And that's it.
That's our emails.
Neil at nearrojers.com.
Why don't you take some calls about the game of my life and up the show?
No, Ben.
No.
I don't want to hear about the freaking gators.
God.
There's something really wrong.
Well, you already know that.
Of course.
I'm telling you for years.
Something really, really wrong.
Yeah, a life of your own.
If you have a life of your own and things going on, then you won't care about what other people are doing in games, other people are playing.
I watched quite a bit of Starwatch's release a little bit of that embarrassment in Montreal or here with Montreal get pounded.
I didn't see any of the Panther game with the 14 people that I read were there who all left at halftime.
Yeah, see, I don't know about it either anymore.
I don't care.
Do you know what a halftime is in a hockey game?
There isn't any.
I know.
Do you know that?
I've been to hockey games for free.
Of course, free tickets.
We love the Panthers.
They're really hot.
Yeah, but we had to leave the game because we had to go home and watch the gators.
There is something truly and very incredibly wrong with the sport hole nerds.
I mean, there's nothing.
I mean, see, I'm not like you that would get all bent out of shape about people watching ball games.
I watch tons of them.
Yeah, I'm not bent out of shape.
It's bent out in the duet.
But the obsession, the fanaticism, the painting, the faith, the whole song of the dance, it just to me like, I don't know.
Like in Buffalo and all these other cold weather cities where the guys at football games are running around half naked, you know,
with their chest painted with the colors of the team, all I crap.
Unless, of course, they're cute.
Like Tim Tiibo with those tea bag or those Bible verses under as a cheek.
Maybe add the Bible stuck in his...
Rackdom.
That can't hurt.
That's what I've heard. Maybe that's what brought them luck.
The Lord likes it when you stick a Bible in between your cheek.
Rackdom.
Right.
1054 votes on this God for Saking Pull.
Oh, wait a minute.
This one's back about Taco Bell.
I bet you were looking at your chops when you saw all the Taco Bell commercials last night's game.
No, I didn't watch any of the commercials.
I didn't see any Taco Bell.
And all this insanity about Taco Bell because I said I like it.
Did I go there yesterday? No.
Am I planning on going there anytime soon? No.
I like it.
I'm not going to apologize because I like Taco Bell or because I like the Red Lobster here, which happens to be very good as opposed to the ones down there, which are a messuck.
I hated Red Lobster for years.
And I finally got talking to go under the one here and turned out many months ago.
Turned out to be pretty damn good.
So if you don't have something good down there, don't belly ache to me.
Just like that Mickey D's that black Anus Burger with the Cheddar and Bacon.
It's damn good.
Oh, geez, but you're always talking about the great food in Italy.
Yeah, right.
It's just like you say, critique and complain and...
And it never stops.
Never ends.
John says, I agree with you 100% about Oklahoma.
Snap the freaking ball already. They were driving me crazy.
That's why I hate paint manning in the cool. Same thing.
Yeah, every play. It's like, oh, no, let's talk to this.
Let me talk about this. Let me go over here.
Oh, stop.
Get in a hot old call, a play and run it and quit the crap.
It's enough to give you a freaking nervous stomach.
My daughter goes to UF and I got a reticent to the game for Christmas.
That's present she ever had.
I'm very happy they won. I'm not going to be a chronic e-mailer,
but I figured since you didn't have any today, I thought I'd write.
Thank you, John. You're the only one.
You're the only one in that thing right now.
That was it.
All these experts.
Oh, everybody in the world is talking about the Gators.
Even in the Gaza Strip, they're talking about the Gators.
They don't care about the starving people and about the mutilated babies
and all these other things. They don't care about these things.
All they care about is the FN Gators 1.
And you better get your priority straightened out, Mr.
Not me.
Hey, I said go Gators yesterday.
I did my duty.
Did you like kiss your team, a team bow blow up down?
Like he would be going after the game.
Like he wouldn't believe it.
He was so cute.
I paid his John 316 on those eyes.
Maybe it was.
I don't know.
4.60 QAAs.
I can't beat that Gator meat.
Lesbians.
They're everywhere in the movies on TV.
And now they have their own theme park.
What's Garden?
When you step through the closet doors and book gardens,
you're heading straight directly into a new world of adventure.
Visit our wild sex life preserve,
where you can spend the day doing actual lesbians
from the same thing of your car.
Hey kids, watch this.
I'm going to give her a banana.
I'll give you a banana.
What's your stomachs calm down from that experience?
Why not spend the day in the book gardens
alternative amusement park,
where all the rides are battery powered?
Okay kids, what's it going to be?
The tilts of girl, Lesbians on the Caribbean,
or the runbuncher.
Runbuncher, runbuncher!
And when you're completely satisfied,
why not have a cigarette and reliance?
If one of book gardens played back rest run.
Okay kids, now we can get barbecue at the flavor,
or we can get seafood at the bearded plant.
If you want to experience something entirely different
on your next vacation, which gardens is for you?
There was a game last night?
What? That was the best email I've ever had in my life.
Congratulations to whoever that was.
10.45 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Your sports obsessive and obnoxious and disgusting station.
Oh, we got the canes in Boston College
basketball tomorrow.
We got games that haven't even been in the schedule yet,
with players that haven't been born yet,
with coaches who haven't been hired yet,
with balls that haven't been in the zone yet.
How do they make footballs, I wonder?
In the factory?
Oh, what's serious, they've ever thought about that.
Sure.
Think about everything.
Yeah.
What about you?
How they sure men used to be real nice about that,
because Jewish guys and also Marvel leaving.
Jewish guys aren't supposed to get too close to that pink skin,
and they give her.
Hey, we asked the reby.
What?
The reby made the ruling.
You're allowed to touch it and use it.
You just can't eat it.
Oh.
What about the football?
That too.
Paul Castinova, the fake one, says,
I listened to Dave Michaels before
and even lifted a few bits from him.
Oh, this might be the real one.
He was pretty good, but turned nuts toward the end,
almost like Don Cox.
Was he nuts toward the end?
Don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't know.
It was a good party with him.
Party.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've had a big party after the Gators game.
I heard there was a game last night.
There's something absolutely just,
I don't know what it is.
Devastating going on.
Devastating.
I think the Chinese phone book is the answer.
Oh, here's one.
They're coming one at a time today.
The emails.
I got one from Brandon.
Say all you want about Tim Timo,
he does a great job at circumcising children
in the Philippines.
Maybe you should give him a call.
What does that mean?
What do you want to say?
His family are all missionaries.
So that actually might be a very
position.
Oh.
Lawrence says chronic regular Lawrence.
Well, thank God for him.
A lot of you emailers,
you better get with it, boy,
because we're pretty damn lonely here on the email.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com.
It's one thing to beg for calls.
It's another thing to beg for emails.
I don't even, I never dreamed I would do that.
Did you?
Nope.
Never dreamed it would get to this point.
But we're close to the end, Jolly Jo.
We're close to the end.
Lawrence says,
my nine-year-old son's school allowed the kids
to dress in Oklahoma or Florida colors yesterday.
And today, those whose team won were allowed
to wear the team's colors again.
This is pretty good school academically,
but this was a bit much, he says.
My son went to school in his usual uniform yesterday,
and today, since neither he or I had any interest in the game.
In fact, this morning he asked me who won,
and I realized I completely forgotten the game was being played.
Oh, come on, Larry.
I never turned on the TV to watch it,
even the sports portion of the newscast last night.
I didn't know the outcome until I turned on QA in this morning,
and heard all the important sports updates.
So my question is to this,
is this to the so-called Gator Nation,
especially those fans who didn't even go to the school.
How does this make your life better
unless you want some dough in a bed?
And my prayer for the day,
God, please protect me from your followers, amen.
So there was like a religious overtone of this crap?
Isn't there always?
Isn't there always?
No, not like not on a player's faces and stuff.
Bible verses under the cheeks.
The Tibo family is very strong, as they say.
Is Rome, yeah?
Yeah, they're like missionaries.
There's a bunch of fanatical religious.
So that's all the more reason Oklahoma should have won.
Even though who the hell wants the frickin' sooners, you know.
1063 votes on that poll.
I might change it one of these hours, I don't know.
Nobody seems to care.
This is one hell of a way to go on.
I've said it for five years, too.
We got four years more in 11 and a half months.
But I'll keep showing up.
You'll see.
I'll keep showing up.
Brandon says, could care less about that game last night.
However, it did affect me.
Because of massive flocking to Dolphin State of Michigan,
I got stuck in traffic.
Traffic on 595 in the turnpike was backed up for miles.
What usually takes me 30 minutes to drive to 95 minutes.
And it makes no difference taking an alternate route
because the surface streets were just as bad.
It was like a zoo, like a circus.
Zillions and zillions of people crowding in there.
It's the BCS National Championship game.
Winter takes all, yeah.
And what about it?
Like Larry said, and so how do they make your life better?
See, I just don't understand.
If you go to school somewhere, I mean, yeah,
you can never be rooting for the game.
And to be very honest, I actually started rooting for Oklahoma
because they were moving to ball.
And they weren't the gators.
I hate the gators.
I don't hate the noals, but I do hate that old redneck bobby bowden.
And a son Terry, Terry Bowden, he's what red neck is and is all about.
God, is he still alive, Terry Bowden? My God.
What a redneckie family.
Anyway, here's some dead people while we're waiting for those emails
to come pouring through.
I don't think they're, I don't, I think we're done with emails.
I think that lasted a couple of months and it was a great thing
while it lasted and it was really big during that.
Now there's no items in the view.
Nothing.
There's nothing in there.
You think there's like a technical problem of some kind or whatever?
No.
I don't think so either, but it's just,
it's always good to bring that up, especially when you work here.
I think it was a big technical problem on our email thing.
Anyway, Olga San Juan dies at 81 actress saying
and danced with Bing Crosby and Fred Astyr.
Remember Olga?
No.
Neither does anybody else.
But this guy, Bob's Florida though, his, especially,
and I appreciate it.
I'm not going to knock him.
His specialty is sending me the orbits and all the dead people,
the famous dead people, or somewhat famous.
Olga San Juan, the actress of the Puerto Rican Pepper Pot,
for singing and dancing roles alongside stars
that included Bing Crosby and Fred Astyr as died, she was 81.
The Puerto Rican Pepper Pot.
That's why you don't know her because you hate Puerto Ricans.
What?
It do not.
You hate Mexicans and you hate Puerto Ricans.
You have never heard me say anything of the sort.
You are a militant Cuban.
You have never heard me say anything of the sort.
No.
I have never said I'm not one.
You're not one what?
Mexican or Puerto Ricans?
Why not?
All I've ever said.
Why?
Because I wasn't born in either one of those two places.
San Juan dilates Saturday at Providence, St. Joseph Medical Center
and Burbank of Kidney failure, stemming from a long term illness.
Center Sun and Law, very Adelman, executive producer of the Golden Global Words.
Her Sun and Law, very Adelman.
How do you like that?
Her name was Olga San Juan, but her Sun and Law is very Adelman.
So her daughter married a Jewish guy.
Isn't that nice?
Very nice.
Well, maybe who the hell knows?
Maybe he's a bastard.
I don't know.
San Juan was born in 1927 raised in Brooklyn.
She and her family lived in Centurse Puerto Rico for three years before we turned into New York.
Centurse.
Have you heard that?
No.
No.
She started dancing at five or six.
Adelman said and performed as a girl with Mamba percussionist Tito Puente.
We've heard of him.
Yep.
She began erecting career in radio and theater.
Then went on to movies in the mid-40s.
Those were the days when the studios were reactive and building images.
She was very tiny, but very spunky and lively.
She saw the name Puerto Rican Pepperpot Fit Adelman said.
She appeared opposite, well, I don't want to read this whole thing.
I got nobody ever heard of her.
Olga San Juan.
She's dead in 81.
Anybody care?
No.
Cheryl Holdridge is dead.
Who?
Cheryl Holdridge.
Mouse Gutierre.
Oh, yeah, I never heard of her.
But you'd recognize the picture, though.
What?
I only know from a net.
Funicello?
Correct.
What's amazing is that Cheryl and I have gone through so many things together.
I'm glad that it could have been there any end to Tracy said Thursday.
Is this like chopped off in the middle of a sentence or something in the middle of a paragraph?
What does that mean?
Holdridge, Cheryl, was 11 years old in the spring of 56 when she auditioned and was hired for the Mickey Mouse Club,
which had they viewed October 3rd, 1955 with 24-tounded young stars who sang and danced,
and yet came across as the kids next door.
M-I-C-K-E-Y, etc.
Remember that?
Yep.
I mean, I'll grant you.
It was nearly as entertaining as-
I-C-N-R-Is that, but what is?
She quickly became part of the core group that appeared on the famous Mouse Gutierre role-called to start of each show,
along with Tracy, Annette Fulnicello, Tommy Cole, Coveo Bryan, Sharon Beard, Bobby Burgess, Karen Pendleton, Lonnie Burr and Darling Gillespie.
She was a good technical dancer, but I think she was picked mostly because she had this angelic look and a great smile.
She was known for a smile, Tracy.
I don't know who Tracy is.
I do not-
Well, let's shopped off from the middle of the article.
With the laugh she added, we used to try to keep her quiet when she started singing because she sang off key.
Annette had the highest rating, which she all came pretty close.
During her Mouse Gutierre days, Holdridge appeared in some of the show's episodic serials, including Boys of the Western Sea and the Annette series.
Unlike some of the other Mouse Gutierre's, Holdridge didn't have trouble finding work and television as young actress after hanging up her mouse ears.
Oh, that's bad when you have to hang up your mouse ears.
She went on to play Wallet Cleaver's girlfriend, Julie Foster for two seasons on Leave It and Beaver, and she had guest roles on shows such as The Rifleman Bachelor, Father, My Three Sons, Bewitch and the Dick Van Dyke Show.
And now, she's dead.
Ah, the part about her dying is that- that part is- I don't know how old she was.
I don't know nothing because it's all chopped off here.
Yeah.
Well, let me do a little investigative work because I'm sure that everybody in the audience is really good.
You might have seen their seats about that.
And of course, also about the- what's his name from Palm Beach? Dave Michaels.
Oh, I look at that.
Now, oh, you know nothing about food. This is good.
I love these. Keep them calm. Oh, you know absolutely nothing about food.
Oh, this is from the Bridge Tender Sun, idiotic jerk.
This is excellent.
Let me print some of these out during the break.
Well, I mean, this is like a little interlude. Don't you understand?
I do.
It's like a cold machine. Oh, by the way, I had a really good day at Woodbuying yesterday.
Again, I'm still suicidal, but I had a really good day at Woodbuying.
Aren't you proud of me?
As punched.
Superman wears Tim Teebo pajamas.
This one says, can you translate to me?
That means- another word Superman is so impressed by Tim Teebo.
That he wears Tim Teebo pajamas.
Or Tim Teebo is the second coming, it says. I say.
Oh, I wouldn't even want to see the first one.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is the Neorodger show.
You-you-you-you-you-you-you-fairy.
This is your dream.
Any questions?
You watch him on DBS.
Now, thanks to a grant from excess power tools.
You can listen to him on your CD player.
It's Norm Abram.
Hemmor in the hips.
I got an old door and I want to paint it good.
Before I can, I'll have to strip it to their wood.
Norm Abram.
Recorded live in the New Yankee-Doodle Workshop.
Strap's on his tool belt and gets down to business as he puts a new finish on some old favorites.
Hey, look at all the wood.
That needs revealing.
This termites in the bassboards.
The cracks in his feeling.
Wow.
Norm Abram.
The master carpenter cuts through the cutter of popular music with a voice as clear as a really nice piece of pine.
As he sings the hits of the rolling stones for talking heads.
And of course, the carpenter's.
I'm on TV.
So I get free power tool.
Norm Abram.
Hemmor in the hips.
Fire before you realize he can sing.
Three Marvel in the house.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W-Q-A-M.
I'm getting a little choked up about those old bits.
Good.
The bridge tender sun says, hello, sir.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You know absolutely nothing about good food.
What kind of food would listen to your recommendations about high quality restaurants around the world?
Your taste is pathetic.
How can you honestly say that Taco Bell, McDonald's and Red Lobster have a good taste?
Let me say it again.
Here Taco Bell, McDonald's and Red Lobster have food I enjoy.
Food I like.
You have never made a quality meal in your life.
Heating up tea pot dogs in the microwave is the most cooking you've ever done.
So enough already with your food recommendations.
We don't care.
We'll never take advice from someone who thinks Taco Bell Taco is good food.
You, sir, are an angry pathetic old queen who has the taste of a homeless garbage picking bum.
Regardless, the bridge tender sun.
Another idiotic jerk.
Here's one from Stu, subdued Gator Salvation.
Dear Mr. Rogers, you may notice that sports stations outnumber stations like yours three to one.
I thought this was a sports station.
Oh, wow.
We interrupt the purity of it.
I understand.
The sanctity.
The Gators are part of our culture and mankind can learn a lot about professionalism and dedication by watching Gator football.
Oh, yeah.
This is from some idiot in Westport, Connecticut, by the way.
Allegedly.
We wouldn't have the problems with our economy with crime and war all over the world if people would just embrace Gator football as the one true way of life.
I hope you do before it's too late.
Salvation can be yours.
Wow.
Signed Bobby Bananas.
Possibly the fakes, the email you've ever gotten.
Correct.
Well, it's a people attempt to be funny.
He asked the red lobster has grade.
See him.
It says cute.
So it says I'll take their word for it.
All of us is great swim.
I'll never know.
Actually, I do know I've been to red lobster.
No, me too.
The one's down there.
I'm back.
My opinion of them is not unfounded.
Not based on rumor and speculation.
Well, the one here is good.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll go to that one.
No, you won't.
I know.
Here's one.
Oh, yeah, shocking as the negativity continues coming.
Keep it coming, baby.
Keep it coming.
It's Friday.
Five in the morning.
I'll be in my Corvette.
I'm my way to woodbind to win a few grand.
Two dollars.
Well, let's see.
Here's actually one that came.
Oh, the Hollywood Reporter.
Miami cocaine series on HBO.
Anybody care about that?
I sure don't.
No.
You care about it?
Nope.
Anyway, getting back to this one.
There are a couple here.
I heard you saying yesterday that you haven't been to Miami or
Dave County at least a decade, except just across the county line to
get to the studio.
That is pretty shocking.
Also, what happened that made you scared to do your show from the
studio?
Your show was always much better when you did it from there.
No, the show was not much better.
In fact, the show was inferior when I did it from there because
we could never get the overhead speakers working right.
And we spent half of the show with technical crap.
Now, we only spend like what about a quarter of it?
Right.
Except on certain days like yesterday when we spend almost a whole
show about how bad the signal is, which we have no control over
that anymore than we have control over what spots they're playing
during the streaming.
Oh, these, these winers.
Oh, can't you do something about that?
No, we can't.
We can't and we don't care.
The streaming is free.
Enjoy it.
Save it.
Look it.
Listen to it.
Stick it.
Do whatever you want with it.
Mark and coconut creases not to scare Tim Tibo, but someone
should tell him that Jesus is a rabbi who died 2,000 years ago.
I thought Jesus was a Jewish carpenter.
Oh, that was his first job.
And then there was Karen and Richard, Karen and Dick.
I wonder if Jesus knew Dick or Karen.
If he didn't own Karen, I guarantee he would have fed her a sandwich.
And he gave her some halivine to keep her alive.
Have a watercress sandwich Karen, come on.
You can do it.
See, for a fat slob like me, I can't relate to that business about
not wanting to eat at all, you know, that whole anorexia thing.
Yeah.
I just can't relate to it.
Can you?
No.
Stupid.
Idiotic.
Sure.
Tell about self-created self-made, you know, like you don't have any real problems.
You got to make one up.
What does that mean?
Well, there are people that actually can't get food that would like to have some, you know.
Yeah, I mean, like people in the process, there are people with problems that they can't do anything about despite their best efforts.
I think, here we got these people that are vain to the point where they're insane about it.
Vain to the point of insane.
Yeah.
I wonder what Tim, so I didn't realize he's a religious fanatic.
I'm not.
I thought everybody knew.
I don't know because I don't care because I'm not interested in a gator football or him or the team or the player.
I don't care if he's a coach or any of that crap.
I have no interest.
I didn't go to school there.
I don't live there.
I've never been to Gainesville.
I have no less than no interest than anything connected with that.
So why would I know that?
I mean, even if George knows it, that's shocking.
I work here, you know.
Yeah.
And things get through my brain filter despite my best efforts.
Although if I'm going to be sympathetic for that.
Another reason to root for Oklahoma.
God, if they could have stuck it in the biscuit and a basket there in the end zone.
They 85 times when I was watching when they were down inside the five yard line.
They'd have blown them off the field and all these people were screaming about gators today.
They'd be licking their wounds.
Oh, geez, we love them.
But they're not.
Maybe it was fixed.
Did you ever stop thinking about that?
Yeah, whatever.
Maybe Jesus put the fixin' for the gators because Tim Tebo's got John 319 under his cheek.
Correct him.
Get it right, Ethan.
Whatever the hell it is.
What difference does it make?
What's wrong?
Oh, what is it to Jesus?
Joe says that I made you day.
He's the one that said before or something.
Whatever that line was.
Was there a game last night?
Remember that?
Yes.
Great email, Joe.
He says there's more important things to go nuts over like bush policy in the Middle East.
And not getting enough money in this economy to buy a pack of ramen noodle soups, is Joe.
That's right.
Everybody's starving if we're in their freaking depression.
There's no traffic here.
The last couple of...
Since the holidays, man, it's like nobody ever came back.
There's no traffic.
And my lesbianie's a terrorist cab driver.
Every time we go to a woodbite, he keeps, you know, going on and on about everybody's unemployed.
Everybody's got to work.
We got to depression.
And there's nobody on the roads.
Same like with our audience, man.
They all vanished at the same time.
Have you noticed it?
Yep.
I'm not joking, either.
Jim and Boyntons has pumped each county five term Republican commissioner, Mary McCarty, we signed yesterday.
Yada, yada, yada.
Let me ask you.
Why do we care?
Why do we care about Mary McCarty?
Who?
Well, she admits to taking gifts and voting to benefit her husband.
The offense could sentence her to five years.
Why do we care about that?
And the answer is, we don't.
Olga San Juan was married for many years to actor Edmond O'Brien.
Says the sum of the boss, my obituary guy.
Thanks, boss.
Remember Edmond O'Brien?
No.
The character actor.
Big guy with a huge head.
His head made bucket head look like a mini mouse.
Edmond O'Brien?
No, you don't.
Big, heavy set character actor.
I'm going to look him up right now.
There was, what you call it?
There was a paddle Brian.
And Edmond O'Brien.
And Joe O'Brien, a great harness driver.
Mary says not to be a chronic when we unfortunately lived in Miami.
Your restaurant recommendations were the best.
A husband proposed to me at the depot.
I still remember that onion soup.
Keep it up, says Mary.
Thanks, Mary.
Yeah, I know the great restaurant.
We can't always, especially these days, we can't eat in gourmet.
Okay, plus a lot of these restaurants that they're talking about a long time.
Candy bars too.
We say that that's good for food.
Exactly.
I mean, when you eat, you eat a variety of things.
Right.
All these food snobs, these pseudo-electro, I remember most of this is just a bunch of crap anyway.
But even the ones who are giving me the business about red lobster and about the Taco Bell,
I like Taco Bell.
That's fine.
Me too.
I wish I had one like a little bit more convenient to me.
It's not that far away, but I just, I don't know, they open like five hours a day.
And I like that they serve diet Pepsi there instead of that other soft drink that I don't know.
Oh, things go better with diet Pepsi.
Addams have enjoyed your recommendations over the years.
You've burned, turned me on to the Melting Pot, Burnstake House and Ruth Chris.
It seems your taste have changed to your older years, though.
Johnny, F and Rockets and Taco Bell aren't up to par.
Now, how do you, how do you compare, see, this is exactly what we're talking about just a second.
Perfect.
From the fake Adam Kirschner.
How do you compare Ruth Chris and Burnstake House to Johnny Rockets and Taco Bell?
Can't you enjoy both?
No, apparently you can't.
No.
Everything you eat has to be gourmet, has to be real expensive, it has to be in a restaurant that's going to break your ass and et cetera.
Some of you people are such incredible morons that it's, it's no wonder the world is in the F-Dup shape that it's in today.
I taste have not changed, I still eat occasionally at Mortons and Ruth Chris and places like that.
But who in their right mind, who eats at places like that all the time?
Do you know anybody, even people with billions of dollars, even people with trillions of dollars, don't eat gourmet crap like that.
In addition to which it's so rich, you'd have gout and no time, like in less than a week you'd have gout.
No doubt, you'd have gout.
No doubt, you'd have the big gout.
The biggest name.
The dumbest.
You don't have to go rush.
By the way, it would overry on you.
Oh yeah, that guy.
Yeah.
It's right there, you bastard.
When you want, fresh meat.
And lots of it, there's only one place to go.
Boston Massacre Market.
For Boston Massacre Carvers, like our fresh pork sandwell, we say fresh, that's exactly what we need.
Fresh.
Choose your pig and watch our carving specialist go to work.
Or if you prefer, get fresh beef or meat balls.
And our famous Boston Massacre chicken carvers are always something special.
It's fresh, really fresh, and it's only at Boston Massacre Market.
Where the secret in the meat is our knife.
1117, and the problem with that place, are they still around?
Boston Market, I think there's a one or two.
Yeah.
They never could figure out what they wanted to be.
Oh, I think they've settled into something.
Which is?
Which is a...
The meat loaf is really good, was the meat loaf.
The meat loaf is great, and also since you're a big fan of macaroni and cheese...
No, I was just going to say that.
They're the side dishes.
One of which was the macaroni and cheese.
And they do it right, really nice and creamy with the baked cheese on top.
Right.
There's one not too far from the house.
It's kind of like you call your order in.
They don't have to drive through a window or anything.
It's a cafeteria style.
But you can call your order in and then take it up at the pickup window.
So they're still very good.
Well, good for that.
And they've got these meal packages where you get packages?
Like yes.
Where you can get something like an entire chicken and then all the trimmings and everything for a flat fee or something.
What are we going to do about this pick up pony thing?
You're going to pick up pony.
No, but I mean we're going to do that today, the dry run.
Yeah, for practice.
Well, I had to kill some time.
We don't want to do that.
The emails are pouring in by the ones.
Are they?
It's terrifying.
I mean, I always knew that going out real sloppy like A la Joe Bell style would be bad, would be painful.
But I never envisioned.
I mean, five years like this, begging and pleading.
Somebody please say something.
You know, even the chronics, the regular chronics are running dry, except for that horrible Joey Reynolds fake Joey Reynolds one about Dave Michaels.
I'll tell you one thing.
If Dave Michaels was that impressive and that sensational of a talent, he sure didn't make a much of a mark with our crowd.
You know that or our crowd is all gone because what did I get like two or three emails about him?
I still I you know, if he was that much of a hot shot, wouldn't we have heard of him?
I imagine somebody would have.
I mean, who is the talk guy that was on JNO all the everybody used to talk about all the time who is marginal at best, but I don't think his name is.
I tune that stuff out.
What do you mean?
Talk radio from another market.
I'm not going to pay any attention to people.
But I mean, another market were part of the pump.
Once upon a time, you recall back when we were real radio station when Greg Reed was still here, we used to do really big into Palm Beach book all the time.
Remember that?
Yes.
We used to kick some ass in Palm Beach.
Yes.
Nevertheless, I don't know what's on their radio.
When you know Jim Phillips is in Orlando and talks about me all the time.
Who?
It's Jim Phillips.
It's all we have on real radio.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Jim Phillips talks about you.
Well, good.
Good for him.
Come to get some real material on real radio.
Sebastian, who's obsessed with Tim Teebo, but I'm sure not, says.
And on the seventh day, God created Tim Teebo.
Did you know that?
Now I do.
Now, who was the quarterback for FSU years ago?
Casey Weldon, okay?
Well, the only reason I remember him is because he sure looked a hell of a lot better than Tim Teebo.
I see.
Man, he was, he was as hot as a firecracker in your ear.
In your...
Crack-oom.
Ask.
And he was another, a born again Christian.
Another one.
Well, it's Florida, you know.
Florida, a lot of real Bible thumpers, a lot of crackers.
Speaking of great food, how about them crackers?
That's one thing, like when I go to Woodbine and sometimes I get some soup.
And they give you the soup in a little container, you know.
And they always put a bunch of crackers on the plate.
And I say, no thanks.
I don't want the crackers.
Salting crackers, you know.
Do you eat crackers?
Yeah, sometimes.
But I don't like the salted ones.
Because I like things like that.
Bread and things that are bread like breadsticks.
Crackers aren't like bread.
Bread is soft and chewy.
Crackers are hard in love with the ones that I eat.
Crackers in my soup.
And splatter stuff on crackers.
I dip them into the smoke white fish.
I eat crackers all the time.
But I don't like the salted ones.
I like them unsalted.
Oh, and you can't get those.
Oh.
Here's one that says, Neil, the reason there is no traffic there is that they're all here.
The streets of Miami Beach are clogged with Ontario plates.
Much more so than usual.
Well, good.
Good.
Keep the traffic nice and light here, right?
It makes that trip to Woodbine a real piece of cake.
Real smooth ride.
They're all down there on South Beach.
Michael says, I emailed you a couple of days ago when you were talking about your red lobster.
Anyway, I don't want to talk about the game or anything like that.
I wanted to ask you, where do you like to stay when you travel out here to Las Vegas?
I don't travel out there to Vegas.
The answer used to be the MGM Grand.
I said there is it in times.
I love the MGM Grand.
Also, you know, where else I used to stay?
Where?
I can't think of the names of the places, but like on off the strip.
They have these like, they're like with a kitchenette and a whole thing.
They're like, no, not super eight, but more than six.
No, no, no, no, no, six either.
Like Quinta?
No.
But they're like, a little of miniature apartments that you rent by the day.
And they have like, you know, a real kitchen and a whole deal.
And those places are great.
And they're all, you know, just a couple of blocks off the strip.
They have a whole bunch of those places.
Anyway, it says that my wife and I like circus, circus and the Venetian.
By the way, I'm a Penn State fan.
Glad you got the rid of your coughs, is Michael.
I'm glad I got rid of my cough too and rid of that nasty cold.
And Penn State, oh, how's Joe Pah doing after USC?
Just trashed him.
I love that.
There's a game I did watch.
Oh, that was so beautiful.
Watching Joe Pah take it all the way up to his neck from the...
Pregnant!
In.
Fake Larry King says is if we care,
the University of North Alabama is announced the hiring of Terry Bowden as the lion's head football coach.
Anybody care about that?
No.
No, only the sports nerds care about that.
I wasn't talking about him in terms of football.
I was talking in terms of red neck-ey-ism, Terry Bowden.
I mean, I just...
There are two people who should never be on television.
Shannon Sharp is one of them and Terry Bowden's another one.
Because they're bad stereotypes.
Here's one more.
Can we get a neal package for Taco Smell?
It says, oh yeah.
These people are like insane.
Haven't we mentioned Taco Smell over the years and many times?
Yeah, I don't know what the bug got up on.
No, all of a sudden, the big bug died in crawling stones.
A big bug died in crawling stones.
And right away, oh, how can you talk about it?
Because I like it.
You could send me 50 million emails about how Taco Bell uses this meat and uses that and greasy and whatever else you want to say.
I like it.
I like it just fine.
In fact, maybe my New Year's resolution is not too late for one.
Maybe I'm going to have a lot more Taco Bell this year, just to spite all you Negatory A-holes, whose taste is in your...
Why do they keep sending me stories about these towers to be built in the...
I don't care.
Boring, saw grass to towers.
Here's one from the Faco Bees Hank.
I found a job yet.
$790 won't take my desperate calls anymore, he says.
From the Faco Hank.
Hank's doing just fine.
Are you referring to Jack Cole?
Ask Barry, Jack asks.
That's correct.
Thank you, Barry.
See?
Jack Cole.
I never heard him.
I heard he was pretty boring.
But he was another one of those guys.
At least I heard of him, though.
And so if Dave Michaels, which is such a big, big shot personality and so famous and such a great, the...
Air talent, wouldn't you think we would have heard of him somewhere down the line?
Huh?
Yep.
We'd never heard him.
Nope.
And evidently, this isn't something that just happened, I don't think.
I think, because I checked out some of that Google stuff you know about him.
Mm-hmm.
And questioned about, well, whatever happened to him and is he still alive in the audience like that?
Nothing we care.
Guess who else died, by the way.
I got interrupted with all my good...
Oh, bitch, I don't know.
I had been no Brian.
Richard, now, so what do you make of that?
He was a great character actor, right?
I remember him while, yes.
A lot of movies.
What were some of the movies he was in?
Oh, geez.
You got off of that thing?
Sorry.
Sorry.
They find something over here.
Do you away?
Yeah.
He is now.
Yeah.
No, he's been in a long time.
The admiral was a lady?
Really?
Yeah.
Did you leave him out?
You're fairy.
Yeah.
Oh, that's it.
I'm not an IMDB.
Oh.
I was just looking at images.
What do you want?
Movie pictures.
Just go, yeah, well, I wish.
Richard John Newhouse dies at 72.
That's good news.
Christen's Theologian helped build a conservative coalition.
The Reverend Richard John Newhouse leading intellectual of the Christian right.
Oh, yeah, intellectual, my ass.
Who helped build a new coalition of conservative Protestants and Roman Catholics,
and informally advised President George W. Bush died yesterday in New York.
He was 72.
He died of complications from cancer.
Said Joseph Bottom, editor of first things, a journal of religion and public parts.
Joseph Bottom.
You know, the actor Sam Bottoms?
Yes.
I wonder if he knows as Joseph's bottom.
One time Lutheran minister, Newhouse led a predominantly African American congregation in New York in the 60s,
advocating for civil rights and protesting the war in Vietnam,
with Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel and Reverend Daniel Varigan, a Catholic peace activist,
Newhouse led the anti-war group, clergy concert about Vietnam.
He wasn't all bad, but then he laid out his argument in the influential 1995 book,
Evangelicals and Catholics, together toward a common mission.
He said it's a goi issue of belt.
He helped Bush define his policies on gay marriage and stem cell research among other issues.
See, there you go.
Once upon a time, he was headed in the right direction,
and all of a sudden he went, aw, took a wrong turn way to the right.
And now, he's dead.
What's the biggest name?
The best house!
You're missing a Roger.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Next on Seize Band, Nick Chang is last official act as vice president.
The final dump, recalled by the vice president's chief of staff David Adams.
Yeah.
Walking past his office, I get here the grunts.
Who's here?
I felt I should ask, Mr. Vice President, are you all right?
With his heart condition, I was concerned about him whining up like Elvis.
Who are you?
It sounded like he was passing one of the many children he's devout.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I guess there's no harm in saying now that Dick Chang's diet is of a cannibalistic nature,
much like cannibal actor, only would have preference for young children.
Who do you all?
Mr. Vice President, please turn on the fan.
Continuing coverage of Dick Chang's final dump will continue,
after this commemoration of the George W. Bush Port-A-Party Library.
Wow, wait till you hear this one.
Ready?
Ready?
I haven't read it.
It says if it tastes like chicken, it looks like chicken, and feels like chicken,
and Tibo, Tim Tibo says it, taco smell beef, it must be taco smell beef.
Do you understand that?
Not at all.
Neither do I.
They're just obsessed.
Oh, here's another one from the same goofball.
When Tim Tibo pees into the wind, the wind changes direction.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, and...
Now maybe you knew this, since you seem to know a lot more about him than I do,
or than I want to.
Right.
How did Florida's stud quarterback Tim Tibo spend a spring break in 2008?
Circumciating Filipinos.
Oh, you know this already.
See, I told you.
How did you know that?
Just one of those things.
It came up earlier in the show.
You read it?
You read it from some other email.
Well, I'm trying to forget it.
I'm trying to block all his gator droppings out of my mind.
Tibo, the Florida quarterback and I have been trophy winner spend spring break in the Philippines.
According to Dave Curtis of the Orlando Sentinel helped circumcise impoverished children.
He likes the hands on, I guess.
Wow.
He could have brought them some food.
They might have appreciated that.
No, he'd rather have fun with their penis.
Just like the Abuelas we're doing with the Aileanito.
I guess.
Aileanito?
See.
They were right, checking his package.
You know, make sure it was okay.
Make sure it was growing properly.
Tibo has no surgical training with was visiting an orphanage in his father's ministry.
His father's ministry runs in the country assisted with the care of locals who had walked miles to the temporary clinic.
The ministry helped organize.
Sounds like a bunch of shleppers there in the Philippines.
I wonder how not what's his name is doing there.
Not Nick Nolte.
He's in the Philippines?
Oh, yeah, with his girlfriend.
And thank God finally got lost.
I hope.
The first time it was nerve-racking, he said, hands were shaking, but I mean I'm cutting somebody.
You can't do these kinds of things in the USA.
But those people really needed the surgeries we needed to help them.
Jim Wazinski, whoever that is, says Tim Tibo has a steady hand.
We hope.
Well, he's used to handling pig skin, so why not?
Yeah, for skin.
Do you steal that from Joey?
He just left it around.
You watch your show.
Here's another one.
Tim Tibo loves Taco Bell.
Oh, I may have to change my altitude about that.
No idea.
Today's show is going to be about Tim Tibo and Taco Bell.
And Taco Bell.
That's it.
T-T and T-B.
It's making me hungry.
Not me.
I have lost my appetite.
Well, somebody go get me some now.
Joe Bell has made me lost my appetite.
In fact, maybe I'll do the care and carpenter diet.
Joe Taco Bell?
Mm-hmm.
He is just devastating.
Here's one from Waz, who says,
subject Tim smears.
Forgive me for belaboring this issue.
I know this isn't a sports program.
The scripture numbers painted under Tibo's game day eyes are Philippians.
Something, something.
XXXX something something.
It's not real grease, of course.
They're those fake pasties.
Tim Tibo wears pasties?
Wow.
Hey, Timmy.
You fairy.
I heard a red somewhere that some fanatic called his local paper,
accusing the editors of photoshopping out the smears
when a clean face Tibo was printed.
The collar imply they were tattoos from God and should not be hidden.
Good show is always says West from Lakeland, formerly of West Palm.
Well, thanks West.
There's somebody who likes whatever we're doing.
I don't know what it is yet today, but we're doing it.
And we still got a long way to go.
A long way to go.
Much too long to please me.
I'll tell you that.
Although here's like four emails.
You excited?
Not really.
Tim Tibo's tears can cure cancer.
Too bad he's never cried.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Neil, did you ever get to write answer to how much percentage
the Indian slots were paying out?
No, I did not.
What's the answer?
No, I did not.
So inform us.
Branden says, I think overall, as time has gone on,
the quality of food has gone down.
And then every so often you might catch a really good meal.
That goes for everything from expensive places to fast food.
And down here a restaurant that provides good quality food
and consistent basis is really hard to find.
Ten, fifteen years it was really wasn't all that hard to go
from place to place.
Have a good meal not today.
And by the way, anybody that wants to knock that whatever
that place is?
What Taco Bell?
No, from a hard rock.
Johnny F.ing Rock.
Johnny F.ing Rock, it's that's right.
Anybody wants to knock that?
You can you can kiss my fat ass, okay?
There's not a dancing room with Johnny F.ing Rock.
Nope.
Although they're onion rings suck.
They don't serve booze there, but other than that.
Anyway, it says not today when you go through a really,
really good meal, I have a really good one unexpectedly.
And when you want to go back to places gone, like Benagans.
For years, Benagans was garbage.
Then one day I had one of the best meals of my life there
when I wanted to go back there out of business.
Yeah, the good places go out of business like a steak and ale.
They had the best damn salad bar at steak and ale.
And the steaks were pretty good too.
Yep.
I don't know about the ale.
But it was a good place.
Yep.
I had lunch with Tom Jicke there one day.
The one in Hollywood right there on the street.
There's been long, long gone.
We had lunch with Duff and Greg there.
Steak and coil.
Mm-hmm.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Oh.
I remember because that's when Greg said,
don't worry, you're not going to miss a paycheck.
British chef Gordon Ramsay looking for local restaurants
to emperish on that national TV.
Well, good for him.
Do you know who that is?
Yes, I'm a big fan.
You would like him because he speaks British Scottish.
Oh, with that real heavy British accent.
But he's got two jokes and I love them both.
Who's that?
Paul Hedditch Farza that they have on there
with that the British cooking show.
I have no idea.
Oh, yeah, you do.
I have no idea.
He's like a Jamaican or one of those guys and he's like a British.
What's he Jamaican?
He speaks with a real heavy man, you know.
Jamaican, anything good?
Oh, he Jamaican some real crap.
You don't know who I'm talking about.
I do not.
Paul Heddid, dark, complex, sorry.
Ireland's guy, but by way of Britain.
Sorry.
Well, let's get some of that great British cuisine.
Mm.
Stuff you up for like 20 years.
Here's one that says I was down on Mary Brickle Village
that's having a number of Oklahoma people wandering around
the place.
It's in the 40s back home.
I bet they were happy to be here.
Back home.
What does that mean?
They lost the game.
They lost the game.
Here it says, Neo wears Tim Tebow's pajamas.
I don't wear anybody's pajamas.
If Tim Tebow wears pajamas, all I can say to him is, hey, Timmy.
You're fair.
The biggest name.
The best out.
You're the Neo-Rodges.
Forty-two five sixty Q.A.
There's God.
Tonight on the Discovery Channel,
Nostril Dommis.
What did he really say?
In the year nineteen, nineteen-nine.
Two great silver winged mechanical birds.
Will crash into a building.
Now, two buildings.
And nobody's going to buy this.
Two giant, perverted idols will fly to the great city,
blinging into mountains.
No, no.
There's no mountains in the city.
Well, some could perhaps some, I guess.
Wait, wait, here we are.
In nineteen sixty-one.
It will be the only year that will be read the same way upside down.
No, no, no.
All right, here we go.
In the year twenty-five, twenty-five,
if man is still alive.
No, this pinching,
which they'd hurry up and invent underwear.
Nostril Dommis.
Tonight, only on the Discovery Channel.
Oh, God, let me forty-five, fifteen-dolloon, and five-sixty-w.
We got the big-o rock solid.
Coming along into the safe, knowing any interest.
No.
Oh, yeah, he'll be going on and on about that game, you know.
Don't you think?
There was a game?
I don't know.
That's the popping a room around town.
You're so on a touch, Rogers.
Here's one from Elaine, who says, glad to hear your feeling better.
Thanks, Elaine.
Thanks, sir, for carrying it off to send you very best.
She says Jack Cole and Randy used to do the crossover talk back when Randy was on J&O.
They stopped talking to each other right around the same time that Bill Clinton was being impeached.
Jack was too far to the right for Randy's liking.
Also, my husband and I have tried many of the restaurants you have suggested.
We have since left stop Florida, but we still talk about the Villa Deli, their stuffed durma, and Brasri Max, and the almond basket.
I'm a USC grad, love Taco Bell, too, but can live without T-Bull, go Trojans.
Enjoy wood by this weekend.
Thanks, Elaine.
What a nice email, huh?
Very.
He touched all the bases there.
1122 votes on the survey, other than the, in the, which QA showed you to listen to the most.
Only listen to the, 551, 49.1%, Jim Mann, which 295, Joe Rose, 129.
I don't listen to WQM at all, 96, 8.4%.
The big O26, ESPN Radio 15, DA8, and Dolphins Hotline,
out of 1126 votes still has only three.
God.
Brandon comes back again and says, that's okay.
You guys can keep the emailing 100 times today.
I don't care.
Keep him coming.
He says, if Tim does wear pajamas, I'm sure they have little footsies in them.
Do you think he's saving himself or when he gets married?
Or will he become a minister so we can continue to cut those boys?
Father Tim, circumcising little boys in the Philippines.
Here's one from Jimmy who says Tim Teebo didn't need to have surgical training to assist with the circumcisions of the Philippines.
Although I'm not sure why he insisted on using his teeth.
How do you like that?
Our, our, our, our, old, old, old, old.
Hey, Timmy.
You're fair.
You knockin' Jimmy Dorsky now?
Who?
One of my best emailers, Jimmy.
Oh.
He's always got something good.
You know how some of them always got something bad, some real crap?
He's always got something good.
The guy you mean is called Ainsley Harriet.
We can't stand him either with this phony voice so we send him here.
So Steve, I've loved you and George.
Missed the lung, too.
Yeah, we missed the lung.
Fat Chris.
It's sad.
Very sad.
But oh, we had a, we had a cut cost and we had a cut budget and we have an end.
And so we put him back full time.
We put him on a morning show five in the morning when everybody's asleep.
Just so we could stick it to old fat Neal again.
Ainsley Harriet.
Did you never heard of him?
Nope.
I guarantee you've seen him.
I mean, how many bald-headed Jamaican British guys are there with a real heavy phony effect at accent doing cooking shows?
Neal, you're tasting everything is going in the gutter.
First with a Mercedes C300, then the buffet food at Woodbine, which I don't eat by the way.
Now Taco Bell and Red Lobster.
What's going to be next?
Oh, this is the same next telling us how you love golden corral.
It's pathetic.
It's truly unbelievable.
I don't even know what golden corral is.
Do you?
Nope.
Never heard of it.
But I love it.
Just to piss this guy off.
Just to live up through his expectations.
Oh, here's a long one.
Oh, my God.
From Joseph.
I'll get to it, Joseph.
And surely is back to good all new chronic solder regulars.
Hop on the email, Neil at Near Rogers dot com.
Because it's grim and slim yesterday was grim today is like death defying.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Surely says this has nothing to do with sports or food good.
But I just wanted you to know that you've inspired me to buy a Yiddish English dictionary.
Actually, it's called if you can't say anything nice, say it in Yiddish by.
Leeda Epstein.
I attended Temple University in Philly, so I picked up some words and phrases there.
But this book can't say the rest of my questions.
By the way, you're not fat.
I saw you with Gulfstream.
Take it easy on air.
Scum city stay with us fondly.
Surely.
Yes, I am fat.
Surely you got a big fat puppet.
Oh, Oscar from Sir Beton.
Too bad.
And then in a fit of peak he writes.
He writes the same thing about Ainsley.
Here we are.
And it says an E.R.R.
Geospheres, the superior town of Oscar from Sir Beton.
Why is it that all the Brits that we get like, um, who is the lifeguard one?
Maxwell time.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Why are they all such a bunch of A-holes?
Why is this a British?
Because of the British.
Goes and he says, Joe Bell wants you going.
Contracts mean nothing.
Yeah, blow it out your ass Oscar.
Get lost.
Go to hell away.
WPLG's Rob Schmidt arrested.
Do we know who that is?
Rob Schmidt.
Never heard of it.
Well, I'll print it out.
We'll take a look at it.
Adam Cooperstein says him and Adam Cooperstein looked like him from a disbanded boy band.
That's all I wanted to add.
It says.
I have no idea what you're out of touch.
Neody, if you were in touch, you know who these people were.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to.
It says a UN study found that methane gas is the number one cause of global warming from man.
Of course, that's unless man eats Taco Bell.
Do you understand that?
Nope.
No.
Oh, Byron from Meridian, Idaho and must do the Wonder Dog.
Monday is the 50th anniversary from Motown music.
Gordon doesn't own the music anymore.
He sold it for 250 million.
Some of the greatest music ever.
The songs never get old.
You and George have a great weekend.
Says Byron Pegg and must do the Wonder Dog in Meridian, Idaho.
Remember them?
Thanks.
Yes.
How could you forget?
How could you forget?
Michael is back.
Who I haven't only think I'm running a tourist agency here.
Aren't you?
Travel agency says, yeah, yeah.
Neody, do you mean extended stay America?
They have full kitchen's off the strip.
Says Michael, I don't know.
I don't remember.
I already said it.
I don't remember the names of those places.
I'm sure it was not extended stay America.
But they're a whole bunch of them.
They're all over the place.
And they're far preferable.
Now they don't have casinos in them.
And they have got no slot machines.
That's the one one one nice thing about staying in like MGM grand.
Or any other newer places.
But nevertheless, I'm not going to Vegas.
Oh, what happened to you?
What happened?
You used to love going to Vegas.
You used to do this.
Yeah, you used to do that and you used to do well.
You know, life goes on.
And if I want to go and plunge my guts out, place the machines.
I can get in the car in 25, 30 minutes.
Be right there with mine.
And since I know the joint pretty well,
I have a pretty good luck.
Considering what a sucker bed it is,
I have fairly decent luck.
If you want to lose your ass, go to a tourist trap.
Go to Niagara Falls, go to Vegas.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Tourist trap.
The machines are geared toward tourists.
Who only spend a little bit of, you know,
throw in 20 or 40 here.
They just throw their money away.
As opposed to serious players who are there to lose two, three hundred thousand.
Randy Rhodes spoke about you on Monday that gave,
you gave her the name of the goddess.
The whale in Parkland has good food was one of your deals.
Are we going to talk about food all day today?
Why not?
Well, there you go.
We could go back to talk about Tim Tibo.
What kind of talk about Tim Tibo?
Oh, I don't know what that's.
That's a bit of a grievous.
Oh, he is so ugly and so boring and so nothing.
God.
These people are like all obsessed with him.
Well, what's the big cynus with him?
Because he's a religious nut.
Because he's a good jack.
That's what the big cynus is.
The big Tim is.
Do you have a, a simmiss?
Just this morning.
I don't like it.
Carrot simmiss.
Oh, fooie.
Now, potato cove, that's another story.
Surely you ought to try that.
When you get your English yet,
your dictionary is surely telling me you want some potato cove with it.
To take home and heat up in the Nukin.
Here's one from Kimberly.
It says we pull service technicians listen to you all day every day,
except when George is on.
Wow, sounds like a shot to me.
Does.
Thank God for the breaking, for breaking them an out in the of our job.
We won't complain or critique your show.
We just want to thank you for making us laugh and reading about current events
in a whole different life than Fox News report.
We hope you found a hot machine yesterday.
Yes, I did as a matter of fact.
The same machine gave me my first spin was 500 bucks and then like 10 minutes later,
gave me 500 on the line.
We'll affortune.
Isn't that nice?
Yep.
Good machine, man.
By the way, we entered your hot couples contest a few years ago and didn't win.
What's wrong with you people?
Maybe you'll find our dog more attractive and there's some pictures of it.
She's our baby St. Bernard at 120 pounds.
Actually, she's three years old today.
Please wish Lily Dog a happy birthday.
She'll be eating a big piece of ice cream cake tonight.
Oh, don't feed dogs ice cream cake.
My God, in that bad.
Yes.
But anyway,
happy birthday to Lily Dog.
Most was enough.
God.
Talk about getting a little carried away.
Here's one that says,
hey, Neil Hollywood Beach has the most ugliest people in the country.
They should call it the missing link beach.
Have a happy New Year.
Take care.
Itty.
Hollywood Beach.
The reason they have ugly people because most of them are probably French Canadians
wearing their speedos and are disgusting and grotesque.
Wouldn't you think?
Okay.
Probably.
Yeah.
You go, you, I mean, you're not that far from Hollywood Beach.
Go there all the time.
Do you?
Sure.
And do what?
Swim.
Sun.
You know, beach stuff.
Crews.
Yeah.
Golden Coralus and all you can eat per-faye place with ham roast beef and a whole lot of other foods.
They do breakfast too.
It's not that bad, it says here.
Only went once, but all things considered it wasn't that bad.
How do you like that, Mr. Hodshot?
Yeah, you know nothing about food.
Your taste blows.
Exopranos and Bronx Tail Actor, Lilo Brancato, gets ten years for burglary that led to NYPD cops murder details to come from Western Lakeland.
Home of the dear departed bird, it says.
See, Johnny Dork being a former being a friend of the bird many, many years ago.
Yeah.
See, I'm positive that he thought he could do the same thing, you know, kind of like muscle his way into the show.
I see.
He is a Klingon.
That day that he came in for the free lunch.
Now did I invite him in that day or did he just show up the first time you invited him?
I did?
Yeah, that's the only way people wind up on the show.
Neil, for the first time emailer, it says.
Screw Fat Paul and Old Ron Brewer, keep bashing them.
Your show is number one since Jay from Cooper City.
Thanks Jay.
But I sure don't want to steal your material and start talking about the old Chinese money.
What's his name?
The best talent.
Your business model projects.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Hey, well, then from the wire, I've been out in DC.
Go over to Westwood, just slide.
With high-levels and weight and everything changed.
Now how does it work very tonight?
There are blue blue blue blue guys.
They rock the wealthy white guys in.
Back to blue blue blue guys.
Well, the executive here in Sweden and the hotel crew.
It starts with perfect black hair and bangs.
We closet, so we're for the slam of crime.
That's the one known at the edge with that.
Oh yeah, just as Cooper and the boys and towers went down.
Or tower heads on the ground.
And from making all that corporate money on all blood.
Hey, you guys look at Dubai now.
They're on the G-D-G-B-A.
Where was the criminal's house?
Back to G-D-U, back to G-D-U, back to G-D-U.
You did it, you did it, you did it, you did it, you did it.
Bye.
Come on to it 560 W-D-Q-A.
I'm happy Friday to you.
Oh, thank God is right.
Man.
How about that game last night, huh?
You know there was a game?
What was it?
Brandon says, well, Brandon just whipped up.
Thank God for him and a couple of others.
Wipped up to a frenzy.
There is a golden corral in Pembert Pines.
It's a very, very, very cheap, all you can eat buffet.
The people that go there are looking to eat because of the quality of food I wouldn't feed disturbing children in Africa.
You know it's pretty bad when they only good things in the buffet that serves virtually everything for breakfast lunch and dinner is the rolls.
And I didn't eat the rolls, so I guess it's not for me.
He also says, let me add to it, I never in my life have seen so many old Jews fat-ass people and families with 30 kids in my life than a golden corral.
Doesn't sound like my kind of place, does it?
Nope.
It ain't no taco smell.
Nope.
How did we get from Tim Tebow to food?
I don't know.
Well, thank God we got from Tim Tebow to something.
God.
Here's one that says, good morning, Neil.
I've been listening since 96 when I left North Carolina, moved back to South Florida.
I've never called this is my first email to any type of media personality.
So I hope I don't come off like some chronic.
Don't be a chronic, Joseph.
First stider, starters, keep up the dine in my show.
You and George always put a smile on my push.
Even though you have constraints placed on your show and its content, you manage to keep it extremely funny.
No, yeah.
All the e-holes writing with advice how to run your show should get their own show.
Nobody goes to their crappy jobs and critiques them for what they eat, do and say.
But I love when you and George go off on them, keep giving them hell.
My only request, keep doing your show the way you want to.
It kept me and a lot of my friends stuck on it on the radio four hours a day.
I'm the worst stuck.
You're stuck and worst stuck too, Joe.
PS George is right.
Gordon Ramsay is a scream.
He's rough on the people on the shows, but they know that something in.
They know that going in or at least they should.
I can't think of the other chef's name.
We already got it.
But Gordon goes out of his way to ridicule him on his BBC show.
Yes.
Keep it up, Neil, on the show to your fan, Joseph.
What?
I said yes.
Yes, what?
Two different shows and I like them both very much.
Who does?
Gordon Ramsay.
Thank you for your two different shows.
Yes.
When you're into that whole, like, iron chef stuff, I don't know.
They're two different shows.
And by the way, speaking of somebody sticking a bicycle pump up somebody's ass and like.
Brackdom.
Emerald Agassi.
Wow.
Oh yeah.
Where did nice and fun?
What is it?
Those toothpaste commercials he does.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's bad.
My God.
He looks like he blew up like a blimp.
Like the good year blimp jumped into his body and just expanded like.
Like a like down.
Mm hmm.
Wow.
What a tub.
Understand he's got an ego the size of my brush more.
That's what I heard.
Come to my just sugar.
Go cheese.
Pork.
Do I want to read this thing about Rob?
This looks like a WTVJ.
Usually reports local news people getting in trouble with this time.
And then it says.
And then it says him and Adam Cooperstein looked like he came from a disbanded boy band.
Well, good.
Great.
Tim says in an interview with President elect Obama said he would support a college football playoff system.
However, his priority was to create three million new jobs.
A correct answer in my opinion because most Americans can't comprehend that sports and entertainment
is a diversion from everyday reality.
Not an all-consuming part of life.
Oh, it's not.
Don't tell that to the people on this radio station.
It's not an all-consuming part of life.
A diversion that has too much time and too much money spent on it.
A U.S. congressman from Texas Joe Barton Republican in Texas who should have been working to solve our current financial crisis in December did sponsor legislation for a playoff system for college football.
Reacting to the appearance, not be felt as Texas long horns received from the BCS.
I think it's time to get our priorities in order to say instead of worrying about things that are truly important and by the way, go geters.
Pretty amusing, huh?
Not.
Pretty funny.
Rich and Orlando says to the point of the Taco Bell guy, everybody now has dollar chicken.
And they also have a $4 chicken.
What do they think the dollar chicken is made of?
This is from yesterday, as a matter of fact, is it big, supple, natural.
But this is when we're arguing about the quality of the meat at Taco Bell.
He says, what do they think the dollar chicken is made of?
Big, supple, natural breasts.
They're made of rectum feet.
Oh, rectum.
Lips.
Maybe other part of the chicken you can't sell in a woman's supermarket.
If you want to put a beautiful booby in your mouth, you have to pay for it.
As they say in Philadelphia, if it's cheap, it's Schmidt.
And then he's got parentheses, Mike Schmidt, who they put out of Philly, the nastiest, most rottenest fans on the face.
They can't even call them fans.
They're just disgusting and obnoxious, even worse than New Yorkers.
How about them ranges?
Ranges.
Let's see.
I want to have your children, you know, from the fake Brady Quinn.
Well, we'll work on it.
Here's one, an actual, an actual email from Ernie Banks.
Oh, I think they're going to come and take me away.
Maybe over the weekend.
If I'm out here Monday, you'll know they came and took me away.
Okay.
I'm serious.
I'm on the verge of losing it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Right on the ass edge on the press a piece.
Let's see.
It's yet another beautiful day here.
Miami.
Hope you're freezing your ass off up there.
No, I'm not.
I'm inside and I'm warm and everything is fine.
And you stay there and I'll stay here.
Brandon says, I know the city has gone mad now.
Channel seven is doing a live shot of the police escort for the gators as they leave the hotel.
Oh, my God.
And you people are paying tax money.
I'm sure for the police escort for the gators as they leave the hotel.
The national champion gators.
Oh, yeah.
I've never seen a team give up so much yardage in a game.
I mean, Oklahoma is just driving up and down to feel like there was, like there was nobody else on the field.
Until they got inside the five yard line.
I'm sure you were amazed.
Oh, what?
Here's one that says happy Friday, Neil and George Kubilee.
I don't care what you say red lobster sucks.
See, this is an argument.
Yeah, this is part like somebody barking at the moon.
Mm hmm.
Barking at the moon.
I've been to probably three or four from Miami Beach to Palm Beach and they all suck the suck.
I mean, come on, guys, compared to shells.
First of all, we don't have any shells up here at number one.
And number two, I'm not talking about the red lobster is there.
He's been from Miami to Palm Beach, but that's your covers a lot of territory.
Sounds to me like you're a little parochial rocky.
The shrimps are small, too much breading, too much oil and butter and way overpriced.
Shells is good, not great.
So you've been at a great price.
Good price.
I love shells.
Shells is great.
I mean, if you want what?
Shells is great.
Remember when shells used to be a sponsor many years ago?
I did.
Back when I had sponsor.
Back before I could say, Jones came in from Maroli and he and Joe Bell conspired to like a blowaway all my sponsors.
It says, shells is good, not great seafood at a good price.
I mean, if you want great seafood, make it yourself, you know, like rust again.
They're good, but also overpriced like a mow for we said.
How do you like that?
What do you like better?
Mow for a D-fo.
I do like taco hell and sometimes find myself praising those GDs, Supreme Crunchy Tacos and don't know why.
You make good guys that make a good point.
Food is food.
Tim Tibo is so pure that when he pees it goes down a separate duck to Fort Knox to be made into gold bars.
And then Rocky says, go canes.
How the canes do last night?
How do they do?
They're a bowl game, by the way.
And they play the bowl game.
Yeah.
Seems to me they lost.
Could be wrong with.
Here's one from Jason who says, if you ever rent you down to Connecticut to Foxwoods in the Mohican Sun, no, I've not gone to Connecticut.
I've been in Connecticut, but I sure sell to want to go back.
What a dumpy state that is.
Really?
You ever been there?
No, I have not.
Don't.
I heard it was nice though.
Nice what?
Nice state like wilderness and you know, still some unspoiled patches of dirt.
They are a full-fledged, fledge vaguestok casinos with four star restaurant hotels and entertainment.
They're also building right now an MGM grand casino there.
Last year they surpassed Atlantic City and total revenue generated behind Vegas, of course.
You should check it out.
I don't want to check it out.
I think I casino.
I did like a lot though.
The red rock river is at the name of it red river rock similar to one by Vancouver.
Okay.
Remember when I went to Vancouver last summer?
Right.
God that casinos nice.
It's not huge.
It's a little bit strange to crowd there.
A lot of red necks.
I didn't realize there's so many red necks in Vancouver.
But it's clean and it's got like good machines and I actually want some little bit of money there.
You should check it out.
Beautiful location, good payouts and close to home.
What does that mean?
Close to home.
Connecticut's close to Toronto?
Oh yeah.
Please change everything you do on the show.
Just kidding.
I miss Chris if you see him give him a hard slap on his enormous keyster says Jason.
We'll do Jason right on his bad ass.
We miss him too.
But then of course they had to do budgetary cuts.
That is so scandalous.
I mean that right there is the classic example.
That's like Joe Bell hold him putting up a billboard saying we're doing everything to screw over the Roger's show.
And if you don't believe it, just wait till you see what we do with fat ass Chris and how we lie about how.
Oh, we had to get him off the show because we're making budget cuts and we had to cut back.
And it only takes two people to do the show.
And yada yada.
And then all of a sudden he winds up on a show that's on at five o'clock in the morning when everybody's asleep.
Have you seen him since he started that assignment?
I have not.
So he started that fat ass assignment?
No.
I mean we do miss him.
Plus he was a poll pusher.
Yeah, that's what I hear about Brady Quinn.
I hear he's a poll pusher to piss you too.
Although we do have 1147 votes on this poll.
We've kept it up there a long time.
Oh, this is great.
Peter has got what I think is going to be Peter from Boka a great email says food snobs go away.
You know, I'm you know what I like?
I like a Snickers almond on almond Snickers.
Yeah.
I'm not comparing it with Ruth Chris with Morton steakhouse with the London chophouse and Detroit 100 years ago.
I'm just saying I like it.
It's good.
Yeah, it makes you look like you're good.
Yeah, I like it.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, we're all working there to show you a beat.
The lock is out on a haunted street.
If she's gone to hell then she left when she should.
The night that Gary can't have given to her.
All right.
Good.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I love you, man.
I love you, cat.
When we woke up the next morning, Chandra was not around.
Though Gary had noticed his pants were still down,
he remembered her point into her hearted thighs.
Guess Gary finally got what we wanted last night.
She had opened the door, winked at him and said,
I'll remember just a little while,
then she took off after he blew her up kiss
and no one including Gary has seen her since.
Though the fact is she's gone, these facts made nothing right.
If somebody knows the truth will then the truth will be nice.
From 19 to 560 WDQM, happy Friday to January the 9th,
is Robert Creeper still on the payroll?
I don't know.
Well wouldn't that be a shame, wouldn't that be a tragedy?
Whatever.
If he were.
If he be.
Brandon is back again.
It's Neil and the Georgian Brandon showed it.
It's good.
He says last couple of times he came down here,
went to the casino, you didn't talk about the chicken machine,
whatever it's called.
You don't like it anymore?
I don't like it.
It doesn't like me.
It's called He-Ha.
Remember I talked about that last year?
He hot seminal.
Mm-hmm.
And how much fun it is now I want to like, I don't know,
or grand down or something like that.
It doesn't pay anymore.
I think they've redone the machines man.
And you can get one anytime you want.
For a while thereafter I talked about on here.
It was always jammed up and you couldn't get near a machine.
Now you can get any one of the machines you want.
Because people see those chickens and they run away from them.
I see it.
Because the beaks in the rectum and all those other parts of the machine.
Oh, I see.
Here's one from Mark who says,
Near your sound stone, I love it.
Did George hook you up last week?
Do I sound stone?
Yeah, I hooked up to a machine.
Yeah, he hooked me up to a good machine yesterday, would buy.
Happy and healthy 2009 you, and George says, Mark.
Thanks Mark.
Take care.
I sound stone.
No.
Isn't it amazing how these people have all these theories?
No, not theories, but all these, well maybe Mark is stone.
All these delusional thoughts.
Yeah, Neil sound stone today.
The old man is stone.
1153 votes on the survey.
I'm just going to leave it on there.
Oh, here's an invitation to Mark four seals.
Portfolio International, something of crap.
Spam.
I don't like spam.
I don't like to eat it.
I don't like to read it.
It's like that fat guy that actor, he was a, he was the quicheau guy from Magnolia.
And tell them Mr. Ripley, remember he was the private dick?
Yes.
And he went out of the balcony with Matt Damon.
He says, I don't like Bolsheiman.
I don't have, you know, I don't like to talk it.
I don't like to hear it or something like that, remember that?
Yep.
And Matt Damon thought that, oh, he's going to be in big trouble.
That they knew that he was the one who killed Dickie.
Marge knew, she knew it.
And you know who I still cannot, I just, I can't get over her.
She was on biography the other day and I watched it for about two seconds.
The one that played that real Miyas guy that was like had the hots for the fake Dickie Greenleaf from Matt Damon.
Yeah.
What's that actress's name?
Kate Blanchett.
There you go.
What is the story?
I mean, I'm not saying that all actors and actresses have got to be beautiful, but she is so Miyas.
And the characters she plays are so unlikeable.
When you said, when you said, if I could come up with one word to describe the characters she played in that movie,
the tell the mystery replay, the word would be desperate.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Desperate.
She wanted a penis.
I see.
I'm not saying that necessarily to have on her own body, but that's what she wanted.
She didn't care what it was attached to, who it was attached to.
In fact, I'm surprised in a lot of them, we were shot in Rome.
She wasn't attacking some of them old statues.
How do you know she wasn't?
She might have been they edited that out.
She might have been back and into some of them.
Because she was just desperate.
Oh, I like that attribute for Dickie Dickie Dickie Dickie, who turned out to be not the key doll, but he was like Tom Ripley.
Right.
Believe it or not.
Daisy has a very good point about last night's game.
Did you or George happen to notice George didn't watch it.
Don't watch it.
No, that Tibo had John 316 all over the black stuff.
No, I didn't notice that because I didn't watch it that closely.
In fact, I only watched it when Oklahoma had the ball.
As soon as the Gators got the ball, I turned over to the hockey game.
I turned over to the racing.
I turned over to anything else movies, anything.
Daisy asks and perhaps you can answer since you're the religion expert on the show.
Pardon me, but what the F does Jesus have to do with playing football or any other sports?
As well.
Daisy.
Please, please, please, what?
I was going to explain it.
Go ahead.
As has always been the case, whether it's a sporting event or war or anything like that, everyone knows that God and Jesus have favorites.
And they're going to make whoever win who praise the most and puts on the biggest religious show has nothing to do with who the better player is.
Or anything like that or what team is the better team?
It's who praise the hardest.
I'm going to go in another little bottle of 7-Up.
Okay.
Oh, I was done.
No.
Camping done.
I'm done.
Oh, my God.
That's what you get.
See, what do you think about diet 7-Up?
You don't have to buy caffeine free.
Right.
Because there's no caffeine in any 7-Up.
Right, am I right?
You're right.
Makes for a good mixer also.
Oh, I love diet 7-Up.
There goes the first little bottle.
And now here's another one.
Listen.
Oh, do you hear that?
I don't think we can play that sound.
It was a 7-Up part, I think.
Sounded not so silent.
But, well, for the next Wednesday at 230, we got that big of powwow.
Have you got the memo yet?
I did not get anything, no.
Of course, I think that they continue to try to send an email to me at George at wqim.com.
No items in this view on our emails, by the way.
But here's that really good one from Peter, I think.
I don't know.
Hey, Neil, I'm so tired of people being so critical of Taco Bell and other so-called
substandard cuisine.
The truth is that if people really knew the crap that goes into the food,
they'd probably lose their appetite forever.
Every day, there's another exposé on unsanitary restaurants and practices.
They try to scare us with how unclean unhealthy these establishments are,
how we should all stay clear.
I worked at a restaurant company many years ago that had a good reputation
for serving quality food and being sanitary.
In reality, when the kitchen was busy and everyone ran around like crazy trying to get the orders out,
the kitchen became a pig pen with crap everywhere.
If the patrons knew what was going on in the kitchen, they would never return.
I'm sure this is not uncommon with many restaurants people think are clean and healthy.
Anyway, my point is, don't think about what goes into your food too much of the quality of the product you think
that they're serving you.
Just let your taste buds be your barometer and eat what tastes good.
Don't think about what you're eating too much. Just enjoy if it tastes good, eat it.
Yeah.
There are too many things out there that can actually cause you harm food rarely does.
And for all your food snobs out there, just keep on overpaying for all those culinary experiences
that everybody tells you you have to have to truly live.
While the rest of us fill our guts with low brow, inexpensive delicious dining,
it might not be served at the ritz, but sometimes we'll give us the schmitz.
Since Peter from Boko.
I think Peter's got his thumb on it, don't you?
Sounds about right?
On it and deep in it.
It's Friday, you bastard.
A young man turns 28, is scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting to the party, two minutes to late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
It's not fair.
When it last falling break, the free bag.
When you're already baked, the food will be less you tested and you say.
Who won't stop you getting it?
Hot brownie, that you already ate.
A no-johnish sign.
A lot of the two break.
It's like 10,000 joints when all you need is a light.
It's like having the feel of your dreams.
And then finding out he's got 10 to light.
And he isn't it's the chronic.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's like day.
When it last falling break, the free bag.
When you're already baked, the food will be less you tested and you say.
Who won't stop you getting it?
2335-60WQM.
Here's a good one from one of my good, good fans.
It says your ratings are in the toilet.
You never take calls.
George is just your yes-man.
Yes.
You endlessly read boring emails.
What happened to the old shop and cutting the whole understood how to make a talk show entertaining?
Move and sound exciting.
I guess you just got old and busted.
Right.
I'm old and busted.
I was speaking of busty.
I tried to print out the picture.
What?
Oh, very nice.
Thank you.
Tim Tebow's girlfriend.
Nice.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I'm looking at it now.
I afford it to you.
Thank you.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
No wonder he found it.
He is.
I'm not sure if he's got John 316 tattooed on those bazoom.
I don't know, but I'd say.
Oh, my God.
All the time that that was my girlfriend.
Holy moly man.
She's got gigantic melons, man.
Whatever.
I'll go to the Philippines and circumsize kids if that was my girlfriend.
Really?
I think he's biting on those a little bit.
Good religious boy like Tim Tebow, not him.
Now that one call it, it just it sticks in my mind from many, many, many moons ago.
Some old geezer calling about it was when we had the story about how Tom Brady and impregnates some other a hot chick.
And he called and said, oh, I thought he was a clean cut boy, Tom Brady.
Like clean cut boys don't go out and scoot their brains out.
Right.
Right.
Only as often as they can.
And what happened was engagement his impending marriage, which is held bunch of munchkin.
I don't know.
Tom Brady, didn't you read that?
No, they were going to tie them out of right it.
I ignored it.
Well, why is that?
You're just here because I don't care.
No.
Oh, she ain't the same league with these bazoom was on.
No, absolutely.
Well, that's what happens when you pray to the Lord hard enough.
And I guarantee you it's hard enough.
Larry says that email about restaurants is right on the money.
Been in the business 40 years, but when you're pumping out food, sometimes things happen.
With what I know about restaurants, I can't believe I eat out all the time.
But there is a difference between a filthy restaurant and a clean one that just gets messy when they're busy.
P.S., how about a happy birthday for soupi sales?
He was 83 yesterday.
How do you like that?
Good old soupi.
83.
Well, there was a funny guy.
And you know, you know, the reason he was funny?
No.
Well, one of the reasons is because he was funny looking.
Yeah.
Now, Jay Leno is funny looking at the only problem is he's not funny.
Yeah.
See the difference?
All the time.
Soupi sales, funny guy.
What's my line?
Boy, boy 83.
There's hope for all of us, especially since I'm stone and I'm old.
What is it?
Old and busted.
Whatever that means.
1165 votes on the survey.
That's not too bad.
I'm going to leave it up till we get to whatever we want.
Till sometime later on.
Brand in this back again.
Just wondering, I prefer Pepsi over Coke any time.
Yes.
But I really love R.C. R.C. Cola.
Boy, I haven't had that in a long time.
Right.
Diet R.C. is just fine.
Very similar.
Very similar to Pepsi.
I never see it here.
We do have Dr. Diet Dr. Pecker.
And the other day, somebody gave me some flack over saying how I could like crap like that.
It certainly is not because of the price, but it's the most expensive soda usually.
But also, I like some of the local sodas we have, like iron beer.
Do you have any other kinds of soda?
You like outside the usual stuff?
Brand, and I'm going to tell you if it's going to get down to the point where we're going to discuss what kind of soda we like.
We might as well shut this baby off.
Anybody have a good watch?
How about that Milky Way dark?
And we have another live shot from Channel 7 of the Gator buses arriving at the airport and watching them get off the bus.
Hey, Tim, get off the bus.
I knew you'd appreciate that photo.
Oh, yeah.
Tim, Tim, was girlfriend with you?
I mean, I wouldn't say she's all that.
Her face is okay.
She's all right.
Yeah.
But her bazoom was, man, who wants to look at her face?
She has a very pretty face.
Does she?
Yes.
Well, let me look at it again.
I think I lost it.
I didn't.
Oh, Marcy.
There's a reason nobody listening to your show today is because everyone's listening to Bubba.
And you want to know why?
Because Bubba has a bear in the studio today and he's looking, honey off people's heads.
This is groundbreaking radio.
When was the last time you had something that exciting on your show?
Well, guess what?
Bubba's not on now.
Bubba gets a 4.0 share.
When's the last time you had a 4.0?
Oh, this is where they deleted Chronic's.
I'm looking for the picture of the boobs.
Well, I found one boob.
Is Bubba on now in this market?
No.
Don't they carry a show in the morning?
You asking me?
Yes.
No.
They don't?
I don't know.
Oh.
Well, what do you know?
I don't know.
You're just a yes, man.
That's right.
I know that Tim Tibo's girlfriend has John 316 written on her boobs.
How bitch he does.
Let's see, here's the one your ratings are in the toilet.
Hope you're freezing your ass off up there in Toronto.
God almighty.
How dare you laugh at George for coming.
Oh, this is the one I tried to print out and it didn't print.
This is also from a you're my bitch.
I say at aawwail.com.
Hmm.
Remember him?
No.
Well, I'm printing it out.
Okay.
I'm old and bust it.
Whatever that means.
It's still the bust.
Well, he got the bust thing from what's her name there?
From Blondie.
With a gigantic humongous bazumbas.
I mean, those things are like dangerous.
They've never hurt anyone.
She ought to have after register those is like a lethal weapon.
Here's this one your my bitch.
How dare you laugh at George for commenting on the wilderness and Connecticut.
Just because we don't all enjoy the same pointless empty boring crap you do doesn't mean you should laugh at us.
Don't laugh at us.
What about the Schmidt that you like horse racing and hockey and gambling?
Baaah.
Baaah.
Those are all parts of an equation that result in boring crap ass radio show.
Use there are a buffoon.
If you'd be a little more open to exploring the world you'd realize there's more to it than just the garbage you partake in.
How dare you laugh at him.
Thanks, mom.
Now open your mind and your eyes, pal.
There's some more way more behind jolly joe.
Baaah.
Baaah.
Moe.
Baaah.
Kiway and baaah.
Wow, bitch and moan.
This is the bitch and moan joe on Kiway and that's right.
George get your own joe and talk about something worth something.
I'll listen.
Get that guy you head out of Monday, Lee or Flea or whomever.
It'd be way better than this baloney.
Baaah.
Baaah.
Says you're my bitch.
Thanks.
Pick his name.
Pick your own joe, George.
Yeah, I got your survey.
I need a five.
That's what Friday you bested.
Yo, yo, yo, this is Kevin Fetterline.
K-Fed with exciting news for those of you wanting to lose weight.
Yeah.
I'll admit I was getting a little fat on the gravy train.
So I decided to do something about it.
Well, actually something was done for me.
But screw her, you know.
Anyway, introducing Federaline cuisine.
Federaline cuisine is the easy way to lose weight because, well,
you can't afford to.
Federaline cuisine is awesome.
Piece of steak.
Pasta.
Wow.
A crab leg.
Maybe.
And for dessert, this used to be ice cream, I think.
Yeah, you get all this food that don't cost nothing.
Where did I get all this great grub?
Out and back of the restaurant.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm not in the big green box.
It's like a buffet.
Federaline cuisine.
Not just a diet.
It's a way of life.
1246 and 560 WDQM.
What a timely email I got here.
Another one from my mom?
What?
Another one from my mom?
No, from Greg and Melbourne.
Oh, this isn't one kissing your ass.
Oh, damn it.
It says just to update you on important bubble news.
And by the way, bubble is on 6 to 10 in the morning in this market.
So this jackass, this deleted idiot.
Oh, they're all listening to Boba, Julia.
Sure they are.
I guess they recorded it, and they're all listening between them.
Now I'll, I'm on.
Greg says Bubba's now here in central Florida.
And he sounds just about the same as the other 12 guys pushing their small envelopes of FM broadcasting.
About his cutting edges and interview with Bill Bello check.
And as exciting as hearing a tuba solo, says Greg and Melbourne.
I guess not too impressed.
By the way, I did find that picture and you're right.
She's fine.
There's not a damn thing wrong with it.
No, she's got a great face and these giant.
And do you think those are real?
No, they're not.
But even assuming that they're not real, I'd say she's, she's as close to a perfect 10 as it gets.
I'll let you know.
Yeah, and he on the other hand is as ugly as my A plays football.
Yeah, that's it.
He's a jacked.
He's a down guitar.
You can sing if you can play football to the metal.
I saw little boys in the Philippines in his spare time.
God.
And who also a good Christian.
In fact, it says here, if you've seen Teebo's girlfriend think he's a good Christian,
nice cans says Matt.
Thanks, man.
I'm sure they're both, you know, very cased.
Yeah, she's being chased.
I guarantee you being chased.
God is the ugly.
I mean, not, you know, you can be a great athlete and be ugly.
Johnny Bauer didn't look so good.
How about those make-believes?
How they really suck?
They stink.
And how about those Panthers in front of about 40 rabid fans last night?
Although 35 of them went home to watch the football game.
What a joke.
How dare you laugh at George?
I already read that.
What?
It's your my bitch.
That's right.
Chris make it a funny face.
But he's not there somewhere he is.
Oh, Brandon is just.
I'm just trying to think of things to talk about Brandon says, yeah,
evidently so is everybody else.
They were showing videos of Tony Sigueroon channel,
and they were also narrated by Joe Rose,
lots of old video of Hank with Tony was shown too.
No shots of Hank holding a fork like that one in the video.
I won't show you.
Yeah, let's hear it for Tony Sigueroon.
This is his last day.
We tried that yesterday and they don't care.
They don't care.
Oh, this is great.
Fools paradise.
Mindless sex in Miami.
I'll print it out right now.
Okay.
I'm speaking to that.
I had like a zillion people yesterday emailing me,
but I didn't bother with it on the air because I already had the story,
but I never got around to it.
Point industry, citing lip economy seeks its own US bailout.
They took that for like serious.
And they had a layer of flint on the news last night.
It's a put on.
It's a trade.
Right.
It's to make a point.
And these people are breathlessly setting it to me.
Oh, Neil, did you see this?
Although quite frankly, I'd rather, you know, I'd rather give some of my tax money
for some good porn if they ever make anymore as opposed to some of the crap
that they're giving the money to make your own.
Those who associate Miami Beach with wrinkled retirees is the New York Post.
We'll find their jaws drooping when they read Stephen Gaines, New Exposé,
fools paradise out January 27th from Crown.
The book details the city's hedonistic decadence,
which includes how three sums have become the rage,
how the population of bisexual women is exploding,
and how easy they're to score drugs.
You can buy a tab of ecstasy as easy as a pack of gum, Gaines writes.
Among the bigger-than-life characters he chronicles are Thomas Kramer,
the kinky German playboy who's $60 million star island of state,
has video cameras in every room.
He also bears new details on the semi-story of Chris Pazielo,
the moblink nightclubs are who dated Madonna.
Amber him?
Yep.
Miami Beach is a rich city on a little sand bar whose primary business is sex gain
said, Miami Beach is all about a dirty weekend and mindless good fun,
a dirty weekend.
Well, I hope you all have a real great dirty weekend.
How do you like that?
Thank you.
Inspire me to play They So Dirty.
I'd love to have a dirty weekend.
Yeah, me too.
They're all listening to Bubba.
Scura, uh, uh, Jackass.
The pig is looking Bubba's rectum.
Sitting at home watching Dwight Lauderdale,
talking about how bombs are stealing 95 guard rail.
When sudden Lee with a bullet tend to dish up onto the screen,
came his partner and Bishop.
She said this just end to eyewitness news.
It's governor Martinez and the two live crew will have more details coming up at 5.30.
He pulled them from the stores because they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was a bald.
He said, thank you, Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We've got to take on stand against this dirty rhyme.
Besides, it's really close to election time.
His Broward judge friend said I will not fail ya.
Will censor any mention of Janet's failure.
They're selling such a kids going through puberty.
The two live crew.
Yeah, they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
He could crap a butt to show he had guts.
The most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He ripped on land of that noise pollution.
Even though it went against a constitution.
And what did Luzoo do during all of the jobs?
So, 10,000 more copies at 12.95.
He bought a brand new Mercedes.
It's really perky driving into the bank.
Cause he's so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
You fairy.
12.53 at 5.60 W.
We got the big O.
Rock solid.
Go up into a clock.
Although they are protesting outside the building.
They're lined up all the way to Jacksonville in protest of the big O.
Why, why don't they hate him so much?
That's what Barry Jack has once done.
I don't know.
Maybe we'll get, maybe we'll get some emails about them.
I doubt it though.
Mike says, I believe Neil might have a low IQ.
Don't be mad, but I think Neil might have a low IQ, he says.
We know that Neil spreads a good portion of his free time,
playing slot machines.
In case you don't know, playing slot machines is a mind-numbing activity.
How can you be entertained for so many hours doing the same repetitive activity?
This doesn't make any sense unless you also factor in that Neil might not have a high IQ.
And here comes the best part.
As the life, life instruction continues from the South Florida audience.
I just don't understand how anyone can be so easily entertained by playing slots.
Okay.
Yeah, he doesn't understand it.
Change your life style, would you?
I guess I have to explain it to him.
Sure.
Let me say it again.
Just like Taco Bell, just like the Red Lobster here in Toronto, just like Hershey bars,
I like it.
I enjoy it.
Penis.
I beg your pardon?
Always just adding things to the list.
I like it.
Mike.
Neil might have a low IQ.
That's right.
Neil has a low IQ because he doesn't enjoy doing the same things that you do,
because Neil doesn't give a flying crap about the Geater game last night,
about Tim's freaking T-bow and his born again bull crap.
Different strokes for different folks.
I enjoy it.
Okay.
It's my hobby.
It's my pastime.
And I do fairly well at it.
If I lost my ass all the time, I wouldn't enjoy it and I wouldn't go back.
But of course, that's what this show has turned into ever since we started with emails.
I have to explain myself to the world why I like certain kinds of food,
why I enjoy playing slot machines, why I do this, why I do that, why I stay here most of the year,
as opposed to being down there in a bright sunshine with all the losers in the jerks.
God, is that a beauty or what?
Perfect.
I have a low IQ because I...
So all you people are going like to Vegas and overwhelmingly, far and away,
the most popular and the biggest take in the Vegas is the slots.
Is there any debate about that?
No.
So all you people who enjoy doing that, you have a low IQ.
1176 tallies on our survey other than Neil, which WQM showed you, listen to the most.
I only listen to Neil 578.49.1%.
Jim Mann, which 318, Joe Rose 132.
I don't listen to QM at all, 978.2%.
Then get off our website, you idiots.
The big O26 ESPN radio 15, Damon Amendolara, 8.8.
And Delphan's hotline is still stuck with the same 3 that WQM promoted early this morning.
Get eing, you stupid idiot.
Guess, hey people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that 1-2, wow.
It seems Yes!
Britney Spears' legal team has finally had an off Senator Hillary Clinton,
was currently emotional at a midday event in Dover.
Police arrived at Britney's home where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically inside a lockfatter.
A possible break during the two-month-old Writers' ride.
Roger Clemens fires back the baseball break
to nice charges of using steroids in human growth hormone.
Puerto Vactoni Roma, who did not play very well against the giants,
is getting blasted in Dallas for spending last weekend in Cabo
with girlfriend and bad luck charm, Jessica Simpson.
Whitney Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children.
Abiding for the Democratic lead, Obama and Clinton took the gloves off.
New England Patriots are gonna be 18 and 0 going into the Super Bowl.
The Boston Globe is so confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl.
Their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect 19-year-old season.
The giants will win the Super Bowl.
It's day four for Britney Spears and UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric whole.
Amy Wine has, they've tried to make it go to rehab and now she has.
Hillary Clinton knows she has to turn the time.
349 for a gallon of regular, unlettered gas, Ties of Record.
New York Governor, Elliott Spitzer apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring.
Former Beatle Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills.
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under sniper fire
during a trip to Bosnia as first lady.
Richie Zambore, the lead guitarist for Bon Jovi, is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving.
We now know who the Democratic nominee is gonna be and no one's gonna dispute it.
Three tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia devastated.
Miley Cyrus, topless.
If the Democratic nomination battle is supposedly over, somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton.
All right, day two of the R. Kelly Child Frenography Trail.
Senator Edgar Kennedy has been diagnosed with malignant brain tumor.
It was so hot I saw Amy Winehouse smoking a crack circle.
One week from today, Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the Democratic nominee.
The unveiling of the iPhone 2.0.
At least two dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes.
As a result of his sudden and unexpected death, he's being mourned like a precedent or a Pope.
Tim Russell died on Friday, just 58 years old.
Triple A reports the average price of unleaded regular is now 4.07.
He taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff we have.
Comic icon George Carlin has passed away.
You're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices.
Many prostitution houses are also hurting.
Some media reports had suggested A. Rod may be romantically linked with singer Madonna.
330 active wildfires on California.
And thousands of homes are threatened, although not nearly as many homes.
The threatened by countrywide mortgage.
Triple A says the national average for unleaded regular is about 4.11 a gallon.
And how does your bush has agreed to a $52 billion takeover?
Mortgage giants, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are getting help from the Treasury Department of Vailout.
And canine cuisine will be off limits at some restaurants during next month's Olympic Games in Beijing.
General Motors is in trouble.
Brett Farms says he doesn't feel welcome in Green Bay.
And Angelina Jolie news and the baby twins will they finally let the hospital in Nice France over the weekend.
Senator John McCain is jumping all over Obama.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards is now responding to a tabloid report that he had an affair.
Edwards says this is simply not true.
You're not allowed to streak in Beijing for the Olympics.
Federal investigators want to know what Mary Kate Ashland knows about the death of her friend Heath Ledger.
One of the most important qualities in the next press in the United States is to be very, very, very old.
The woman John Edwards says he had the fair with is refusing to have a paternity test on her young child.
Swimming scene on Michael Felt's quest for perfection.
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
David Dukovny has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for sex addiction.
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
Don Lefontein, who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever has passed away.
Tom Lefonte got you right on the knee.
You can put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig.
The United Airlines is doubling its fee to check a second bag on domestic flights.
Clayagan makes the most unsurprising announcements in years.
Yep, I'm gay.
McCain doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass.
We're a couple of mavericks.
Gosh, darn it.
Obama has his first clear lead over John McCain.
Paul Newman's legacy will live on for years.
The style dropped almost 780 points.
The race moved on to the world series to take on the Philadelphia.
Really, Sarah Palin going rogue.
Governor Sarah Palin is still defending herself over the $150,000 war drove the Republican National Committee of Water.
And CNN cannot project a Barack Obama.
47 years old will become the president of the United States.
We know the challenges the tomorrow will bring.
Or the greatest of our lifetime.
Leaders from the big three automakers will back on Capitol Hill today working to secure a massive bailout.
The New York Giant Star receiver, Placisco Burrs, is being charged with a crime after shooting himself in the leg.
It is deadly faceoff and will buy India continues to unfold.
Las Vegas jugs, Jackie Glass rejected since insipology and sentenced him up to 33 years in prison.
Nationwide average for a gallon of regular unlettered is now $1.72.
Oprah Winfrey opens about the recent weight game.
Michael Jackson's famous glittering glove is going on the auction block.
The house has passed the big three auto bailout bill.
It's time to be so bad it's on ad today for the new Trump trailer park. That's all bad.
For all anxiety, for all anxiety, for all anxiety, for all anxiety, for all anxiety, for all anxiety.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
The American Pie is the most popular one.
He did watch the Gator's Curry Cain's game earlier in the year.
Last early in the season.
Last early in the season.
And most of that came.
He's done to join out.
He couldn't get arrested in a panty rate.
But he does have that hot chick with a big gigantic boobs.
Which I'm sure is what.
Here's the first race of Gulf Stream.
What we should do is just take the whole one to two hour and on Friday.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new emails in there.
I bet you there's no new recently,
Think like that.
well Big Joe and avoidances
well big Joe and avoidances
I miss good polls.
So I miss good polls.
Well screw. You go out and find one.
and then'll then figure out
will have to stick it.
I knew you wouldn't want to
miss the Scottish American
Society of South Florida.
Oh my God.
Robert Burns 250th anniversary
dinner and concert and dance.
The Highland Games.
January 10th.
It's tomorrow.
Florida Stadium for a
Florida Stadium in event.
You want to go see the
bagpipers?
Boy, that is.
Oh.
Oh, here you go.
What would you say was the
best radio experience of your
career?
Undoubtedly, WQM is not it.
Is it the IOD days?
Unfortunately, I'm only
listening since QM probably
missed the best of your career.
All for sure.
You guys were pretty much
on your game during the
Moe, uh, Moe for well air of
QAM hasn't been quite the same
since fat ass Joe Bell blows.
It hasn't been the same
because it can't be the same
when you people are going to
understand it.
I mean, I'm not knocking this
email, but I'm just telling you.
It is what they'll let us do
in which isn't much.
It's terrestrial radio and that
one email early in the show
about the.
Um, as a matter of fact, it was
the one from Jerry Reynolds.
It was the very first one about
the guy nobody ever heard of.
Dave Michaels.
Okay.
And the thing about Justin
Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson,
that's for sure.
That's when it started.
That's when the FCC went
ape shmit and that's when all
radio management on terrestrial
radio.
Oh, geez.
You know, started cowering
and all the fine started
coming down and it wasn't so
good.
Oh, we're fine.
Did it?
First race at Gulf Stream
coming up in two minutes.
You want to pick one in
here?
Oh, the first race?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, we got the second
race.
We got that one licked.
We're looking a little
bit less ridiculous.
We got to do the break.
How are we going to do
this?
Take it.
Take it now.
Take it now.
Nothing is.
This race got
no Roger.
The old guy.
Some pervert on Ziptis
why to get
serviced by a guy
standing in the
bathroom stall
and he'll stick his
junk right through the
wall.
Glow.
Oh, we hope we know
what
now show
name.
Oh, why
would someone do this
deed to
evacuate this
car?
Why not
need
guys face to face
instead of
such
just
thinking
place.
Glow.
Oh, we hope we know
what now's your name.
Oh, you
fairy.
One 18 at five
sixty WQM.
I wonder how many
of these clowns out
there are still so
whipped up about that
football game last night.
I wonder how many of them
would line up on the other
side of the
glory hole of Tim
Tibo.
Oh, oh boy.
We're sticking his junk
through there.
God.
And in fact, I think he
gives you meaning
the word junk.
So the six horse one by
four lengths in the first
race, 11 to one shot.
Wow.
A Gulf Stream.
But we weren't picking
that one anyway.
No.
I like the six.
So I used to have a friend
like that in Detroit
when I went to a Michigan
state.
And we used to drive to a
Detroit
asal park all the time.
Go to the track at night.
And he neither was
never race.
He didn't pick the
winner.
After the race.
After.
After I taught you.
I like the three.
I told you it was the
seven.
Every race.
I mean, nobody's
perfect, but he was.
Hickory Gray in the
second race that won with
Larry Nelson in the
irons.
They're going to mile,
maiden claiming $10,000
per cent.
$12,500 is the
claiming price.
The two has taken a big
drop, but also been off for
a couple of months.
Shipper from Churchill
Downs, where the
anxious Mike
Bataglia used to call the
races.
Now I've been relegated to
Turfway Park.
Somebody actually sent me
an email.
It was before the holidays.
Defending Mike Bataglia.
Who?
He's the race.
He's horrible.
Just awful race call.
He's terrible.
Horrible.
He is to race calling what
Josh Friedman is to the
humanity.
You thought I was going to
say to broadcasting?
I wouldn't even include him.
Can you believe he's not
over there across the street?
Okay.
I believe it.
Like you said, it's just
a revolving door back
in the fort.
He's a good boy.
I had Magandhi, though, the
fake one said, obviously.
Now I think it's the real
one.
He sends me the top 10
celebrities most likely to
die in 2009.
I like Mahatma Gandhi.
He sends me some good
stuff that kills him
really good time.
Good.
Now who did you pick in the
second race?
Oh, that 20-to-1 shot.
My latest flame.
7-1.
Seven horse.
Seven horse.
Six lifetime starts.
Never hit the board.
And be lucky to finish the
race.
No, in fact, in fact, this
Philly started one time in a
mile race at colder, trailed
and eased, which means
didn't even finish the race.
At 73-1.
The odds on this Philly in its
six races, 76-1 last time,
113-1 before that 80-1, 73-1, 90-1,
35-1, it's first start when
it finished seventh by 30 lengths.
George knows how to pick and watch.
It couldn't happen.
It won't happen.
Andy Rooney is number one.
And most likely to die
according to Mahatma Gandhi.
Cause heart attack.
Reason only gotten his doctor
truly know what Andy Rooney's blood
pressure is, but years and years
of wild boviations and tasteless
ranting have less this, left this
nearly 90-year-old man looking
like a cross between blue from
old school and books from the
Shashank Redemption.
Not the best of signs considering
both those characters die.
Chance of seeing in obituary, 75%
for Andy Looney.
Number two, Tom Seismore.
Cause overdose.
Once a noted alpha male character
actor, Tom Seismore's life has
been in free fall for more than
five years.
Rested for assaulting Madam to
the star's Heidi Fleiss and
smoking crystal meth among other
things, Seismore spent months
behind bars but has been
relatively quietly, except for
that gross sex tape.
Still anyone who's seen
intervention knows the chances
of relapsing are astonishingly
high, plus wild power doesn't
seem to be his primary skill.
Chance of seeking in obituary?
Of seeing 165%.
Three, Senator Robert Bird.
Cause natural causes or by
dual.
Reason is bluntly outspoken as
he is decrepit.
Robert Bird once wrote,
I shall die a thousand times
and see old glory trampled on the
dirt never to rise again.
Then to see this beloved land of
ours become degraded by race
mongrels.
The great state of West Virginia
is elected him every six years
since 1958.
Yes we can.
Chance of seeing in obituary?
65%.
Four, Peter Falk.
Cause Alzheimer's.
Reason currently battling old
people's kryptonite as I call it.
TV TV's what you call it.
Colombo has an evidence locker
full of ailments and problems.
Probably set on by life,
living life for 81 years, not opium.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I've got a chance to meet.
Falk and he seemed like I
held him high sky.
Unfortunately you can't kill
death with kindness.
Besides you don't expect him to
even read your stories every
night for the rest of your life.
Did you?
Fred Savage.
Chance of seeing in obituary
on Peter Falk 63%.
Number five, Amy Winehouse.
Cause overdose regularly
injecting yourself with heinous
cocktails of crack, heroin,
meth and alcohol before
shoving your fingers down
and throw it to purge.
Amy Winehouse is pretty much
F-6 ways to Sunday.
Best case scenario, if she quits
tomorrow, her body will slowly
erode from years of degradation,
turning her into a low
functioning aziaz born,
right high functioning
grade with developmental
disabilities.
Chance of seeing in obituary,
60%.
21 minutes to a post for the
second race of Gulfstream,
by the way.
So 144.
Okay?
Okay.
I'm just telling you right now
maybe write it down.
144.
Cause you know me, I'm old and
I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm
I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I
and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and I'm old and he uses her her she uses her fat and her fat and her
thing you know what I'm saying? Fifth box post up. Anyway, one forty four we'll have that
second race at Ghostroom. Correct. Well here's a good one in line with that from Kim. Yo,
let me ask you a question. Yo, why did you steal Paul and Ron's poly's pick? Paul started
that a long time ago now since you have no material you steal other people's gig. I'm so sick of
your same old garbage, you pathetic, you're old and you're gay just retire. Signed a concern
Palm Beach citizen. Yeah, I apologize for stealing Paul and Ron's material. Oh, you ought to be
like all these Chinese men. Chuck says the glory hole song is the funniest parody I've heard in a
while. Absolutely hilarious. Well, that's why I keep playing it because we don't have too much
that you know, you can laugh at. If it's funny, basically we can't play it.
And Oprah better quit with those blueberries and boys and berries.
Well, and the pig Latin school bit earlier made me wonder if it's okay to call this show and say
alking fey it's a you think we can get fined and pig Latin? Love your show and keep out the
good work. Thanks. That's a big point. Let's keep doing it until we are. Oh, alking fey,
fey Wayne, fey Wayne. Five horse wins the first race eight to one at the fairgrounds.
I wonder if that's Jesse Campbell riding. I don't know who was. Love you Jesse.
Here's one that says, oh, I hear the hostility continues, man. They're really nasty today. Keep it up.
It's a lot more interesting than people, you know, kissing your ass. It says if you pick your horses
like you pick the food you eat, you're in a lot of trouble. It's okay. The horses you've been on
will be ground up in a couple weeks anyway. For the taco, you're craving a taco bell. First of
all, I don't eat tacos very often. I like burritos myself. You like tacos? I mean, I can,
you know, they're okay. I like to mix it up. Yeah. Mix and match. Right. Oh, well, the
Mexican smells. Now, while we're talking. They're crazy. Laurel. I wonder if Dan from Maryland's
at the track in Laurel today. I don't know who this announcer is. I don't know. I don't care.
Neither is anybody else. Don't get me started with too much of this horse racing stuff.
It's 10 minutes. What? 10 minutes. I'm just looking on the thing here. No problem. Now, let me
look at the odds on the odds channel. Oh my God. The second race. The horse I picked is 19 to
one. The two horses, the heavy favorite seven to five. That's the shipper from Churchill Downs.
That hasn't raced in two months. That's dropping way down. My horse is 19 to one. Your horse is seven
is the longest shot of the board. It's 50 to one. My horse just took a hit the 18 to one.
Wow. I guess this feeling must be a real pig. The two is heavy chalk. Well, you remember what I
always told you about the chalk never bet the chalk. That's right. I'm not saying the chalk doesn't
win snow and in like about 30% of the time. Yeah, but it's not worth it. That means that 70% of the time
the chalk bites the dust. John says Neil, you said some things years ago and I never forgot them.
First was Duno harm or DNH. This is probably the most important thing one can practice in life.
And I've quoted it to my children over the years. Good job, John. The second thing you said years
ago when referring to these critiques and criticize butt plugs and that was you like what you like
and I like what I like. That's right. If you don't like Taco Bell, nobody's going to put a gun
your head and force you to go there. If you don't like the clam chowder at the Red Lobster here in
town, don't come here. Stay the hell where you are. He says obviously these morons who email you
and tell you what you're doing wrong with your life have no life of their own. I do have a
pull suggestion for you and that is what drop and makes you laugh out loud. My personal one is the
Spanish and the old lady saying, oh my god. Oh my god. Makes me laugh every time. Have a great way.
Oh, John like worth you to John. He's a good guy. Been around a long time, long time.
Now I think what we ought to do is do the break a little bit early. Yes. So we don't want to. I mean,
we've had that happen. Of course, today is just a dry run. You understand. We don't have anybody's.
We're not betting 50 bucks for anybody. Oh, let's see. My hot magandis back again.
About John Travolta's nanny being his lover. We had that story the other day, but it's not you can't do
it too often. Okay. Because these are the these are the stories that the mainstream media and even
some of the tabloids won't you know, here's one that says not so fast, Kim, you certainly started
your meal deals before fat poly started picking it. Love you and a big history. Don't worry about it.
It's a commercial thing, you know. It's an attempt. It's an attempt to, you know, stir it up as Joe
Rose likes to say stir it up. Paul Castronova has done an original idea in his mind since he was a
child since he was an infant. And in lieu of original thoughts, he just makes crap up like that time.
He met me at the sawgrass and he makes up this whole story, which he never did meet me at the sawgrass.
I have seen the man once in my life at a Panthers hockey game at the old Miami arena about a hundred
years ago. That's the only time I've ever met him in my life. Came over and kissed both of my cheeks.
My God, I had to change out of where six times. What that just like that? Well,
you'll be doing that tomorrow. You'll see. Oh, China, I'm told me what that?
Mahatma Gandhi says don't know if it's budgeted out already, but a few years ago, there was a photo
of John Travolna kissing a man as he boarded his jet. Yeah, that's the nanny. We talked about that
the other day. Turns out that it's the same man in the photo as the nanny for the provolphas.
This could be a coincidence, but who knows? Travolna spokesperson,
the John has the habit of kissing people in the mouth like that. He does it with everyone they
claim. Bull crap. He's a Scientologist. Enough said. You're fair. It's all you need to know, Mahatma.
The biggest name of the best talent. You know, it's your project. It's Friday. You wear still.
Okay, two minutes to post time. We don't want to step on it. Right? No. For the second race at Gulf
Stream, it's our pick-up pony thing. And that's that's what that idiot from Palm Beach was talking
about. Because here's Larry says, what's wrong with he's self-hating human beings?
Every radio station now has meal deals. Maybe Joe Roastola from Pauli too. That's right.
Even Joe Stole is big head from Pauli. How do you like that? I had a big BN this morning. You know
where I got it from? Pauli because he's got plenty of the spear. My horse is 11 to 1. Got some
action. Went down to 10, went back up to 11. Your horse on the other hand, the 7 continues going
up and up. Maybe to 1. By far away. Yeah. Well, you could make some money on this horse. Yeah,
you bet five bucks to win on that. It comes in and you get the, let's see, 400 bucks, 400 beans.
So how have you been? Repried. Let all of Jesus. As long as I live, I'll never understand that.
Oh, the two went up to three to one and now taking the money as the five. Unutable jet.
An honorable jet who going six four longs at Carter. Horse hasn't been out in seven months.
And both of his starts puked is her guts out. Puked badly at six four longs. The first race was
two four longs. That's from where you're sitting to the wall and puked her guts out.
Ducked in badly and puked, it says. Don't you love those comments where it says puked?
Yeah, my horse is 12 to one years 80 to one and they're going in the gate to come forward.
Hickory great. I think my horse will probably finish like turd, you know, and dazzler.
And the way the way it works, I was trying to explain it before is some of somebody we pick.
Married. We'll get a $50 voucher and 50 bucks to win on a horse that I pick.
Wam about to move that second race of Gulfstream every Friday. And if the worst wins they get the cash if not they get our best wishes right right.
They would judge court is waiting for untutable jet and notorious Nancy untutable jet. What does that mean untutable? I don't know. I was going to talk.
And is now close down without ready capa sellers doing. They're off one got away good.
Yeah untuttable jet broke well and speeds out to the early lead right alongside his dazzler.
Notorious Nancy is out third in the far outside as they race down the back stretch.
Moving through Dallas Garfield. I just said one of the pace these four of you the best minutes param are fifth and now racing three and a half
lengths off the lead. After that Hickory grave my latest flame is Wam outside of them three lengths more to first mandate and four more to
truffla in the back a 24 and one opening quarter as they were the back the seven is in the
number of Garfield and these two vie for early command.
Dasler is a length and a half behind them running along third. No Tories Nancy is outside of Merimar.
Then Hickory grave five lengths off the lead and down at the rail after a 48 flat half mile.
Then comes Miss Wam who's got five and a half to make up as they head toward the three.
There comes the one inside.
Not for the beginning of the game round off the four my latest flame now she plans to make a no chance.
First mandate she's back and I like to go untuttable jet shakes away from Garfilia but here's a fresh challenge from
Dasler and these two now come to the top of the stretch together three quarters and one green and one
and see your fuller grabs the lead at the top of the stretch.
Learning the other direct untuttable jet tries to battle on from the rail.
It's out of the dark well clear of the others as Miss Wam now takes third.
It is Dasler an untuttable jet not done yet and now back in front untuttable jet and Edgar
Prado have recaptured the lead an untuttable jet out games Dasler to the wire.
Miss Wam was third and then truffla where's the seven there is the seven just finished now
like about seven seconds after the rest of the field.
Well I was nowhere in either of you all in the three is pulling up four mandate four bill well
pulling up all three was seventy to one you were ninety nine to one my horse went off
fifteen to one and ran like a million to one well that's the way it's going to work
hopefully with a better pick next week that was bad that was really bad of course you
picking at eighty zin and one shot but that's you you know that's that's a great
life that's right good thing you're not going to be picking for the for the cash oh it's a
damn good thing oh and this guy with his oh god yeah the fifty dollars is the fifty bucks is a
gift certificate to Taco Bell that's right our our our yeah yuck yuck yuck well we apologize but
nobody lost any money on that because we didn't you know this is just a dry run and sorry to
cast your know that we stole his pick a pony deal playtrust and his restaurant deal and all his
other stuff and it's around a weather for his comedy and his Chinese man and all of these things
how do you think a Bubba's going to do against a poly I don't know I mean Ron and Ron didn't
really do much in this market did they they actually did all right did they do okay remember
they were fired and then the other book came out and they were number one and all that really
yeah they were number one I think that's what happened and how did we do in that book
better than number one yeah that was during the packs and days when we actually had numbers right
in this crap about Bubba's got a four-year four-year and what retardos we used to be like eight
nine shares mm-hmm but that's back in the day when we you know worked on a real radio station
with real management and could actually do a real show oh don't be blaming anybody else
oh this poor guy oh my god is he got the how many F words has he got in here love your show Neil
and for those who don't like what you say or do how you live your life come to get an Fing see
there we go an Fing life always got to drop in an F bomb keep up the good work and F South Florida
stuck in South Florida helping I'm dying over here it says poor for baby 1199 the next vote
on the survey by the way gets 1200 I don't think we had that many people listening anymore did you
no we don't because a whole bunch of those said they never listen you forgot about that didn't you
I never did well it is a Friday you know we got the big old coming along at two mad dog at
chula's at four and then after that take a ball peen hammered I feel bad for that DA guy you know
because you said he's a pretty good guy very nice guy yes and he came well he was out of work at the time
if he would have left another job to come here I think I think you know it ought to be murder ought to be
legalized he ought to be allowed to go somewhere in the 441 to the gun shop get a big blunder bus
and just come in and blow jolly Joe's fat ass away but he was unemployed at the time
so he took a fly around it as they say look at that it's only an ice toasty minus eight what's not to
like and it's not even going to snow over the weekend they change the forecast that whole big
system that's coming in this way it's going south of lake eerie how do you like that
poly there's a little information for you for your show on Monday morning poly
they two round our weather didn't snow over the weekend and minus eight what's minus eight like
about 20 and it's sunny though it's sunny in 20 you're absolutely right what 20 is it really
that was just a guess I don't know I mean mine is really good job like 31 you do a really good
job I do better than that than you do with the song dates actually then I do with a what the song
dates when we play a song and you guess the date you're only ever like one degree off when you do
the temperatures if you are off are you being my yes man again is that what you are huh yes no no
it's really funny anybody would say that because I can think of very few people I've ever known
in my life more contrary than George that's right George is contrary just for the hell of it no not
dances I don't know if you covered this already I'm sorry for being ponderous but the moron
calling the game last night said that if you spend just five minutes with tin tibo your life
is better for it I mean is he freaking serious is he serial I think my life not be better for
by my acute hostility for gait or nation would be reaffirmed and I'd also be reminded of the blinds
to pin any of people claim that God is the reason for their success what a joke every single people
that strokes his pole is authentically ignorant which is why I love you Neil smooches his speaks
how do you like that here's a guy that's not a tin tibo sickle fan boy see ugly they have a hot
chick like that goes to show you you know your anti anti sports thing your anti um spectator sports
of course you believe in playing it now don't you wish you could play it play one sports like
football I play whatever I want to play continuously and then you could like have some hot chick like
tim tibo's a girlfriend with those big enormous gigantic humongous unbelievable globes
yeah they change the whole forecast gonna be minus seven or minus five and probably sunny on
Sunday what's not to like snow money and Tuesday though and then bitter cold really cold
oh this tim tibo guys back yeah tim tibo counted to infinity twice we don't care take your
tim tibo fetish and stick it oh my god what is with these people and what is the big
simmiss with him until that game last night most of these people didn't give two shimits about him
you know it but now he now he's their conduit to heaven don't you think yep and if you're really
lucky we'll give you a trip to the Philippines so you can circumcise little boys I'm 10
we're here the best talent oh I can't believe it I was in the other room oh damn it's day
if I have a town at five six oh wq a and you want to know why was in the other room why because
this break ends like thirty seconds early oh well in that case we better pad we better pay what
pack your breath there's the good news though twelve hundred and four votes on the pool
okay you're not impressed uh eight you're hard out tummy that's without Chris whale and I think
Chris maybe was an impediment on the pool maybe he was drawn it back I'm just saying that so to
make myself feel better about the fact they screwed us over with that and thanks for screwing
us over jolly joe have a really brutal weekend once there was a senator who was caught indulging
a habit you're fairly good but wrong not much different like a typical me oh come again
it's up to let me we all thank you for giving writers something funny to do you're looking for guys
who make you go I I oh sorry Larry crack thank you for tapping your shoe
new stories last a few days but you refused to go away republicans are growing I really did
hey hey hey hey talk to let me with you
we all invite you to it's a lot fun oh right
funny you come right like doing certain go I love you taking no crap when he's happy
you game game game I never have been yet game game game I never have been yet
it's up to let me he wants to stay but his own party wants him to go away
love and it's just a hot part you just say
Larry crack will spread his legs for you absolutely he wants a man to screw and any guy will do bye bye bye
