You know how you...
She needs the best clothes in town
But my daughter can't see them or broke
She's spending me to the ground
I'm broke till my daughter
No she don't be all I is
Daddy's gonna spank me
Bro, from my daughter
You're daddy's little girl
Your dad took money for this group book fair
Let me just go shopping
New graduates are asking for breast implants
Oh don't say that don't be talking about no breast implants not a misty
This is a very sanitary day here at QAM
Right, everybody clean up one day
Oh and you missed what's his name?
Jamaican Paul on the Joe Rocho this morning
I could go back closer to the archives
I think I'd like better Jamaican Paul or Stormcane
You don't have to choose, you'll hear about
Oh God, God!
Guess who died?
God?
Preston Gomez
Never heard of him
Well that's because he was a sports guy
Dodger's third base coach when the team won the 1965 World Series
He was 86
Long time Angel Scouting consultant been the third base coach for the Dodger
Like I said when they won the 65 World Series
Died yesterday, nine months after being seriously injured in a freak accident
At a black California gas station
Huh
How do you like that?
Gomez became the second big league manager born in Latin America
When hired by the expansion San Diego Padres in 1969
Later managed the Cubs and Astros
Died at St. Elizabeth Healthcare Center in Fullerton
The cause of death was not immediately specified
But those close to him said he never recovered from the injuries he suffered in this freak accident
Maybe he was a freak and he had an accident
I don't know, you think 86
You could just die on your own without having like some freak accident
Right
He had been driving home from the Angel Spring Training Complex in Tempe, Arizona, March 26, 2008
When he and his wife stopped for gas along the Arizona California border
He had just finished fueling his vehicle and told his wife he was going for a walk
When he stepped around the end of the gas pumps into the path of a Dodge pickup truck
He was thinking, by Jesse Mishur, 31 Account Concord, California
Why do they have to tell us the identity the person who was driving a car?
Just because
The pastures
Gomez who had been an excellent health suffered a major head trauma and contusions of his arms and legs
The driver of the pickup turned out to be a first cousin of Damon Mishur
Who played briefly with the Angels 1998
And will be a coach this season with the team's class A affiliate in Rancho Cucamanga
Hmm?
Wow
Gomez spent 27 years with the Angels and now he's dead
Preston Gomez is dead 86
You don't care do you?
I can tell
No, I don't
Sports Gnerd Guy
Nerdy
Okay, let's get to, oh this is, every day I think we ought to start out with some negative email
Okay
Hundred years ago Larry Lujack when he was on WLSUs to have the crank letter of the day
Maybe we can get the crank email of the day
The love letter of the day
This is short and right to the point from Steve
Although the email address is Nicole Bates but it says from Steve Mallard
Theurneal your show is best available on radio in Miami but it is disappointing
Your voice and delivery are splendid but your material is weak and poultry
My voice and delivery are splendid
For listeners it's like having only one restaurant with edible meals in town
And a fine chef who just doesn't try
We'll keep coming in and keep hoping that we're bored and we're tired with a place
So Steve
Waaaaah
Waaaaah
It's the best available on radio in Miami well take it or leave it that's why I comment you Steve take it or leave it
Take it or shove it
We got a thousand 56 votes on that poll about the Bible Thumbres
Most annoyed by their interference and what can be broadcast on TV and radio 273
Tell that to Joyce, tell that to Joyce Fitch
Rhymes with Twitch
Teaching evolution in schools 203 abortion rights 198 gain marriage 18
I'm not annoyed with them at all 76
Pushing prayer in school 64
Sex education 52
I'm proud to be a Bible Thumbra 35
As Phil Sims would say 35
35
Look on a sideline at number 35
Sex language and violence in the movies 24 and how Christmas should be observed 13
I don't even understand that last one
The Christmas one?
Yeah
Can you explain it to me?
Sure they have a problem with like Santa Claus and other secularists
But you know what screw them?
Yes, screw them
You first
Turn them upside down inside out and screw them
Oh you Bible Thumbra?
I just ignore them
I don't pay any attention to them
They have no I have no interest in them
Like one of my neighbors down there
Oh she I told you
She can't sleep some Saturday nights because she's so excited about going to church on Sunday morning
Yeah well
Must be some church
Yeah
Oh maybe there's a bunch of holy rollers in that church
What are they rolling at?
Here's the current poll on there
The reason I haven't sent any phony emails is this is a Charlie V poll
You talk about really reaching 130 votes
I only send legit emails 33
Yeah one of those is going to start
And to go back to Steve that first email about disappointing in the audience
Let me say this to you okay?
This is a two-way show that's what talk radio is all about
Either with phone calls or with emails or whatever whatever
Method is used to communicate back and forth between the host and the audience
So rather than taking the time to write some
Costic nasty short but to the point piece of crap that you sent Steve
Maybe you could have made a head in opinion about something
Like the fact that Bush is leaving us in a few days or like the fact that the new presence coming in in a few days
Or like what's going on in the Middle East or what's going on with everybody going broke
Like an opinion on something of substance as opposed to which most of the emails are like shot at me or you or both
That's what they've decided the emails are for
Sure why not?
Is expressing their malcontent attitude
Well what else do they have?
Nothing
They sure don't have a life
I have no life
I only sent legit emails 33 I have too much respect for him 28
Wow
Too busy listening to the show 16 too busy at work 15
I would but I don't know how to send up a phony account 11
I don't know how to use the internet but I vote on the polls 8 that's just stupid
I prefer to call 6 I use stupidity block me 5
Not near a computer 5 but I do send phony emails 3
Well there you go there's the 3
You said there was only like two or three people sending almost all the emails
Yeah
I think you might have a point
Had a real real miss hap
I mean they don't care about this but
I ordered the fax paper a case which I always get you know can't wait to have a
Get it for years here
Then it must have been my mistake I gave the wrong or a wrong number from the catalog
And instead of getting 8 and a half by 11 I got a case of hammermail 11 by 17 or something
Just gigantic huge fax paper
You could you could put the whole damn Bible on it I mean it's just humongous
You could put that 45 page misive about indecency on it
But it won't fit my machine though that's the problem
Just get you some scissors and cut each sheet individually down to size you know
That sounds like a way of an idea I have a scissors
Maybe if I could call up Edward Cesar hands and he come over lend lend me a hand
Eddie, Eddie come help me Eddie
But I'll survive I just ordered some anew
And don't let me forget to start building them for these expensive things
They don't forget you got your own 7-eaters here I didn't I paid for it all on my own bucket
But now that they're sticking it to me
You got the sheet I'll stick it back to them you know
You stick it to me I'll stick it back to you
J.P. says not to start off telling you how to do your show after 33 years
But if you can't get it right quite I think he means quit quite or start playing the hits like Rich R.R. Robby Young
WQM or WFU and real radio days of Miami just a joke he says I see
The current regime should all be indicted for terrorism against American people
Is he talking about the QAM regime or the government?
However this country is an embarrassment to humankind the most South Florida wants is hate hate hate and throw me to ball throw me to ball
Give me to ball sorry that I live here but after five generations in Florida
My future and fortune ours in our in this right hall we call home just kill me please great show George J.P.
So says J.P. I say you got a thing coming up this weekend that's good it means the next few bucks in your pocket
A couple of shuckles yes
Join WQM's George Rodriguez this Saturday at the Coconut Creek Advanced Auto Parts from 10am to noon for their grand opening
It'll be your chance to win a Miami Heat Team autograph ball and tickets to the Heat Celtics game on Wednesday
Plus you can take advantage of great deals on all your automotive needs
Advanced Auto Parts at 6546 North State Road 7 in Coconut Creek this Saturday at 10am
Now last time I and urged them to come and see you and pat you on the head and wish you happy birthday whatever
And almost nobody did that really although I got some nice presents from the people who did show up
Yeah I did
Yeah bring George a big bag of wheat a big helicopter I got some of that
I got a really cool sublime DVD CD set you a helicopter driver a helicopter pilot I'm a helicopter
Anyway Georgian what's your name what's your name Georgian Laura we're on Ruler King last night he just kissed her ass
I didn't watch too much of it I watched about three minutes kissy kissy kissy licky licky licky you know
And one thing about W man he just he's just a hard ass he just moves right along did no wrong singing a song
Today is Wednesday the 14th that means in oh less than a week less than a week will be rid of the bushmeister
Oh hallelujah oh happy day don't forget Edwin Hawkins singers next Tuesday for all four hours he got it
The biggest name the best house you know his new Roger only cow
Neil Rogers is right the Cubs suck
That's it
Oh
Oh
We're fine bush administration I wish you painful urination
You certainly left your mark on American history like the giant ground DVD screen
We ought to kick out all your teeth
Just like for salini we'll need some time to recover from eight years of rape by our Christians and in me
Hey
If you're proud to say that you're an NBA then you'll assume they lived a few
Ails like you
Ray our access
Rollin out
A
Black Dome and as for all you smug like we're
Strong
Every thing you ever knew is completely wrong
Whatever leads to color you
All happy day just a few days and we can say bye bye to the Bush show dynasty wow
Now when Joyce shows up there day the first thing I want you to ask her is can we say
Brack Dome hole I'll let you ask her you'll be on the phone well no matter what we ask then how are you going to be able to chip in on this and we just going to be listening
No you'll you'll be there to way baby
No you didn't you didn't answer my question I understand I mean it's me and only presume that we'll be able to interject
Are we allowed to interject like like comments or maybe like like that noise again I'm going to sew my lips shut
So that we can get the hell out of there yeah do that please screws up my whole afternoon no wood blindness afternoon for this good plus
It's too damn cold anyway good God
Not that I am complaining I'm delighted to be here but inside you know what I mean oh brother minus 30 windshield stuff like that
What is minus 30 can you look on your little chart one moment please temperature is minus 21 but the windshield is like minus 30 minus 30 is minus 30
Like minus 21
Minus 21 Fahrenheit yes no yes 21 below zero I choice you not oh my God you think I'm going to go outside and run around the streets I'm not going nowhere
nephew says you and George are the perfect entertainment who cares a few numbskills complain we don't care oh god no
Laura bushes mildly we turn it from what I saw last night Larry King is starting to look a little skeletal a little skeletal boy adjust your TV a little bit wow more than a little
I think that this is the year that Larry meets his maker oh we're fine why do I keep hitting that I don't want to hide her there we are
Mickey work we always knew he was a major asked a major
Brackham hole
But now he reaches a new low
Work says bush was in the wrong place at the wrong time
Huh actor Mickey work sympathizes with you as president George W. Bush and Sistine he does know how any politician could have successfully navigated America after the
9-11 attacks on New York
Hollywood tough guy spoke out about his political views in a candid interview with Britain's GQ magazine and admits he doesn't understand why so many people blame Bush for a string of
World issues including Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism in the west and the actor claims he didn't follow last year's historic U.S.
Election battle in 2008 between Barack Obama and John McCain he didn't follow it urges the public to consider the tremendous
Pressure Bush was under following the terror attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001 he tells the publication president Bush was in the wrong place at the wrong time I don't know how anyone could have handled this situation I don't
Give an F who's in office Bush or whoever there's no simple solution to this problem I'm not one of those who blames Bush for everything this
Schmidt between Christians and Muslims goes back to the crusades don't it it's too easy to blame everything on one guy these are
Unpredictable dangerous times I don't think that anyone really knows quite what to do
21 below zero are you kidding me?
The work also confesses he was so angry after 9-11 he wanted to fight the war and terror himself he adds I'm not politically educated but I do know that after 9-11 I wanted to go over there and do something myself you know I'm saying you want to go over there and kick some ass
Mickey Rourk a real jerk and he's baffled by the UK's approach to fundamentalist insisting he was taken aback by the freedom of speech allowed in the UK
He explains I was in London recently and I couldn't believe all these hate talking fanatics you have over here who are allowed to carry on doing their thing even
A bus full of women and children gets blown to pieces I
Know you've deported one or two of them but it seems crazy I think there is worse to come something terrible will happen either to America UK or France
Even I don't think these fundamentalists should be allowed to talk all this crap and brainwashing these young kids yeah quit talking all this crap
We'll say enjoy so there how do you like that that will put you in your place right amen you bet
196 votes on the new pool that's pretty good pretty impressive he asked me maybe somebody can actually hear us today you think hello hello is anybody out there guess what was from what is this from I already told you this
Oh what is it or USA today they have another one of their colorful surveys in fact attacks to the survey here's a picture of a guy eating a McDonald's hamburger in Miami Beach in July some old
Bolding guy chewing on a burger I don't know what that's supposed to prove a guy eating a burger in Miami Beach what what is that
Pro that he can I don't know yeah I guess Miami's vices fast food and TV make it the fattest city in the world
In the US Salt Lake City is the fittest but who the hell wants to live there I want to a moron a moron with two amnes
Miami residents aren't following the South Beach diet it is the fattest city in the USA and Salt Lake City is the most fit according to men's fitness magazine which is read only by guys they've been doing the annual
Analyzation for 11 years the results appear in the February issue when you think of Miami you think of people being outdoors showing off their bodies so this
Surprised us as editor-in-chief Roy Johnson the editors worked with a research firm to examine the nation's 50 largest cities
Metropolitan areas and grade them in more than a dozen categories including the percentage of overweight people and the number of fitness centers and sports
Stories Miami received poor marks because of a large number of overweight people a high rate of TV viewing among residents long
Commutes and poor air quality the city has almost three times as many fast food restaurants is the average city and
Participation is low in outdoor activities such as biking running and fitness walking must be the extreme weather like here
You know that must be the excuse. Yep
Outer activities participation is mighty low. Well, what's the excuse for that?
Hmm lazy and fat. I know plenty about lazy and fat. I look in the mirror and I see lazy and real fat
Miami is number one
Not the best the worst the fatest the fatest
Second, Fatist Oklahoma City followed by San Antonio, Vegas, New York Houston, El Paso, Jacksonville, Charlotte and Louisville Jefferson, Kentucky
After Salt Lake City the second fittest Colorado Springs followed by Minneapolis Denver, Albuquerque, Portland, Oregon
Honolulu which we can't afford to live there anybody Seattle Omaha and Virginia Beach Virginia
Claudia Gonzalez a registered dietician in Miami says the city doesn't invite people to walk an exercise because of all the highways
The out by me and the acres there aren't even any sidewalks most of the most of that neck of the woods, okay?
Well, what are you supposed to do walking the street?
Sure right in the dog in the street invite somebody to run your ass over because you know the surly people down there man
If you walk in some areas people look at you like your strings like why are you walking when everybody else is driving?
said Claudia
Exceptions include Miami Beach coconut Grove in South Beach, she says
Gonzalez says she works with immigrants and finds that many choose inexpensive high-calorie foods at fast food restaurants
And they cook the wrong things at home. They think about budgets and prices and tend to buy what's on sale
They aren't aware of the good choices. They could be making when eating out and at home
She says like a taco schmacko taco smell
They could eat there pretty low think outside the buns man think outside the buns
Now I'm sure we'll get a whole bunch. They're all whipped up about taco smell and red blaster good god
Yeah, that's their new thing to attack me with oh
You're taste is terrible Neil you wouldn't know a good meal if it beat you on the ass. Yeah
207 votes on that pool. What's the pool about? I don't know and I don't care
Oh the reason that they don't send any
phony emails
And by the way the fake Greg Voodale just go to hell away
I don't care who Howard had on this morning. I don't need to see any pictures of Howard in the crew
I know what he looks like did just go away
Just take all your serious BS and jam it give it give it to Don agony
From what I heard it wouldn't be the first time either
That Voodelle gave it to Don agony
What a thought
26 past 10 at 560 WQM we got a tooth this afternoon. We got the big O at the East West Rine game
Wow mad dog 4 to 7 dolphins tonight 7 to 8 you won't want to hear that
When I wait a minute
What does that say 8 to 9 hurricane swarm up and then 9
To 11 30 it's you and in Maryland basketball wow
So I guess clearance is gonna be involved with that in somewhere shape or form, huh?
And we owe that kissing kissing canes ass. I don't mean Steve can't I mean like you know canes
Real American a halls
We salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution that quit smoking guy
Mr. Broke your new years resolution and quit smoking guy the ball dropped and so did your willpower
Every year you swear you're gonna quit and every year you high tell it to the nearest smoke for less by
It's 30 below outside in the office smoking lounge
But you don't care because for the next five minutes you are the marble mass
With the money you'd save on cigarettes alone you could put down a down payment on a new condo
But nobody condos don't come in menthol
So we salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution that quit smoking guy your trembling fingers your yellow teeth and
Your camel cash you are a real American a hole. Did he say and your camel toe? Did he say that?
I don't think we can say that can we no as the bitch
1032 speaking that here's an email from Scott who says I'm confused by the FCC rules
The other night on two and a half minute episode they have one of the cash let out an audible fart and later in the show used the term
Blue balls on day time TV in an episode of law and order
I heard dialogue where the terms I can't say either one arrogant then there's the PR word and sweet tea I use I can't say that
You T
I well, yes, why is your show so restricted these freedoms of speech a mainstream TV is different just wondered because
Mainstream TV isn't run by the bees ladies and by Joyce Fitz that's why because here
It's not just not speaking of this and decency thing that they're having it's not just what the FCC mandates
It's what Joyce makes up as she goes along with the help of some crony she found on a street corner
That's the other attorney she's bringing in
Some homeless guy, you know probably knows Norma can't who isn't that the way it works?
I think so whatever the FCC says boy the Dow is not doing looking to good today
It's down to 152 points. What's going on? Oh, that city group is the reason for that city group is off tourists
And so everybody when city group cries everybody else has like a flood in their pants
Is that how it goes sure
It's like like they say here when the US catches a cold Canada gets pneumonia
Is that what they say all you don't say because they don't want to admit it, but it's true
Looney is down to 81 cent. Oh, thank God for that
Mike says do Neil and George
Mike from Pembroke Pines I've listened to your show for many years
I've always found it to be funny and very informative although disappointing according to that first guy that Steve guy disappointing
My voice is wonderful and my delivery is great and smooth gets material would lovely, but bad material
Disappointing well too bad Steve
All he said it's the best thing that South Florida radio has to offer. I wonder what Jimmy Cifillitic would think about that
You probably already know about this no, I don't but it was worth mentioning the other evening
I was listening to the mad dog and he said that soon all telemarketers will have access to everybody's cell phone numbers
And the customer will have to pay for these calls
He also gave out the phone number to the do not call registry and that number is 888
382 1222 a registered last night it takes less than a minute
Thank you for always being the voice of reason. I hope you enjoyed having a happy and healthy new year and the same to you Mike from Pembroke Pines
And thanks for the info because I did not know about that. Did you?
Nope, see we're in the dark. We're like washrooms man
By the way, do you do you say washroom or a bathroom or a
T-room I say bathroom. Yeah, here they all say I'm washroom. I'm going to the washroom. No, if I'm feeling why is that I'll say restroom
Restroom. Yeah, well you're gonna go there to rest. Oh, you bet your ass
Hmm, I'd like to take a nice rest every now and again
Took to yesterday really yeah, I rested twice
You couldn't get arrested in the restroom
That's what we so very praying surprise
So what are we going to do about that 888 382 1222?
What do you want to do about it? I don't know I'll put it over here. All right, if anybody needs the information we got it
Oh in a shocking new tactic attempting to ban peaceful protesters from picketing the Scientology compound known as
Gold based near Hammett, California
Scientology lawyers have obtained medical information regarding two protesters and are using their HIV positive status
And an attempt to prevent them from picketing at the location
I'll tell you one thing man. Don't be picking on the Scientologists because they'll pick right back. They are the nastiest bastards
They're brutal
Nasty closet queens. Oh, and speaking of queens I did catch the very beginning the open of the big O show yesterday at two o'clock
Mm-hmm the queen is gone and now it's a what what is that?
What's out of the show open and I'm going to have a discussion with them about that because sometimes I host the show
Yeah, and so if he's going to be calling me a bag it then I'm going to have to call him
He didn't say a bag of he said queen whatever he said you fairy
What else could it mean that's his show opens that's his show now that the queen is gone now here for real macho guy
I just want to let's right kill him the station by the way
Worldwide pickets against Scientology of Surgeon the fat last year and Scientology has been fighting to stop them especially
Near the Hammett compound Hammett, California
Scientology's use tactics ranging from physical attacks false reports to police and the emission of an estimated 110
DB organ note from loudspeakers and an attempt to drown out the protesters chance
Oh, no when in doubt will drown you out
The latest tactics however our downrights sickening illegal and an insult to members of the lesbian gay and
Bisexual transgender community and HIV patients worldwide LGBT
Attorney Graham Barry and activist angry gay people angry gay pope
AGP and happy smurf a
Former Scientologist are openly homosexual
Scientology which policies states that homosexuals are low on the tone scale and should be disposed of quietly without sorrow has obtained
Yeah
Low on the tone scale
Your what was happening? I don't know go get a tan. Well, yeah
Go toe has obtained AGP and happy smurfs private records and discovered the AJ HIV positive
This is not the first time Scientology is openly spoken out against homosexuality
But we talk about a bunch of self-hating queens at the 2008 Toronto gay pride parade Scientologist made false claims of being able to cure homosexuality
Recently the Church of Scientology, California donated a generous sum of money to aid in the passing of proposition 8 a law that banned marriage gay marriage
Scientologist man are real bunch of sick puppies you fairy Tommy Cruz John Revolta. How can we never heard anymore about that?
Nanny shut up. That's why nanny for the dead son the male nanny who is Johnny Holt his boyfriend allegedly because mind your business
That's why yeah, that's that's right bad for business
That's why Tommy Cruz and John Revolta are cowering deep into closet
Now which what which episode of South Park was it?
Which number I don't know but I could find I like a number send you a copy of it
You know the one I'm talking about the Scientology episode where they were cowering in a closet
Mm-hmm. It might be called the in the closet episode
I'm not sure who else was in the closet our Kelly our Kelly. That's right
Our Kelly was in a closet with little girls I understand
That's I'm Cruz was in a closet with guys
Big Jo and Boyton beat says I'm a huge long-time fan and listener of your show
I heard you talking yesterday about the Ashley Madison cheating website makes it a woman who had problems with with it
But so far the men don't seem to have a problem with it
As the kid who watched his father cheat on his mom throughout his whole childhood never had the courage to tell her
I find a disturbing there's actually a site like this
I know you have nothing to do with the commercial content that's run on your show
I'll always be a nilly but I just want to let you know that there's at least one guy's got a problem with that website and radio ad says big
Joe and Boyton Beach George don't have a problem with it. He's a taken pointers from it. That's right
George wants to get his affairs one doer one do I get my free account?
Yeah, maybe you can make a little trade dealer sure
Now when when's that car coming now that Bruce Beesley's gonna be there today and Joyce and all these important people
Maybe you could sit down with them maybe
Just before the indecency meeting and you can have a big discussion about your car situation
And about the fact that Joe Bell is destroying the show and destroying our lives just a few of these minor things
And that's no more like
Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste
John
In the taxi car about it driver central pond
You look at me so quesadilly I could tell he was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No, but he speaks English and then
I went down to my yeah, I met which weather whether there is nice and sunny I
Walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I ask him for a pint of cold gym beamies as no entey ender. What does that mean?
The batter's English
Got the cornered
I think I'm in Pakistan speak English
You can go back to the
I can't hear many years ago
Learn my ABC I
Don't say much as grassy as I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now stop making mistakes
Oh, come on say it right no speaking English no speaking English. It's 1045 at 560 WQ AM
Here's one from my puts
And obviously is a put because you see I'm getting the sounds of silence on the internet listening to you live
In other words suggesting without actually articulating it properly suggesting that the internet stream is down which it's not
Stream is just fine
right right
And if it wasn't oh, we'd be getting delude in fact branded right on there right away branded by the way says speaking to him
Do not call to put your cell phone on that don't call list and I'll tell you why
One of my step-members did just that and guess what happened the flooded telemarketing calls came in
So just keep your cell phone number to yourself if you don't spread it around you should be just fine. It's a scam man
Wins is it's a urban legend
Correct is it I'd heard this also so who knows who's right? Yeah, a bunch of crap
So I take back that number I gave out don't call it or you're gonna start getting flooded don't blame me
Do not blame me some goofball send me that
Neil the article you just read about fat people is total crap
Obviously they're trying to sell magazines, but specifically the part about it well first of all to you
I say today which is a newspaper not a magazine specifically the part about air quality is completely fabricated
Miami definitely has the best air quality of any major city thanks to the Gulf Stream
I used to live in Chicago and Toronto the air was bad in the winter
But in the summer was terrible as soon as it would get warm the smog and ozone would just build like a bubble over the city
Maybe in Chicago here. We have a couple of days in the summertime that are like that
You know when it's real smoggy and oh you can't see the sea and tower and stuff like that but very rare
But maybe in Chicago. I don't know. I like Chicago a lot though
In fact, I sure is how it would rather live in Chicago than Miami
But nevertheless what do I know about anything? You know right the air quality there is the best
Debar says high Neil in George. I'm new to your programs to you forgive me if you've already gone over this a thousand times
But since you're taking emails I thought I'd ask now. I know both you guys don't care for religion
But does that mean your atheist agnostic?
I'm the atheist George claims to be the agnostic. Yeah, you still claim to not know what that means
I know exactly what it means. No, you don't it's an atheist with no ball. No, it's not I
Hope this doesn't sound racist, but aren't most Cubans Catholic. Yes. Why does that sound racist? I
Don't know the fact that George and by the way castros of tourists look at to that eventually
Rumors swirling all over Cuba Castro. Fidel is dead. He's dead. My aunt don't my auntie. He's on he's on his last legs
The fact that George isn't
Does that get him accused of being a communist come at East? Yes all the time the fact that you're not a Catholic
At least not a practice in Catholic. I mean we could argue about that we could debate whether I'm Jewish because I was born Jewish because I like to eat Delhi
Or how can you be a Jewish atheist? You know like that because it's also an ethnic group
How can you be a Jewish baggy atheist? That's what I'd like to know
You fairy me I only asked that because a friend who was Hispanic and didn't believe in God
We're constantly being accused of his family of both being a coming and a Satanist. Well tell us family Cox's hoi is okay
My family get lost
It isn't my family that accuses me of such things. No, well, he's a much more like this guy's a friend
I see why anybody would believe a person doesn't believe in God must then believe in Satan
I don't know but his family did think that well maybe his family was stupid. Did he ever stop and think about that?
Yeah, my family ate quite that backwards
Maybe his family was really really stupid and stuporous vicious
I
Enjoy the show these are legit questions. I'm not totally not trying to be a jerk or anything says D bar
Well, thanks D bar no problem and D bars a new listener, but you didn't have any complaints
Wow, one of the no
Proof to teach no
Life advice how we should live our life what it's an or day. I'm gonna write it down in the calendar as soon as I get one
Hallelujah D bar. Thanks for a refreshing breath of fresh air whatever they say
Brandon also says what no talk about burgers. This is gonna be very boring show today without the burger talk
I just kidding paly just kidding says
And then he goes on for a thing about working a KT and did I want to oh it's say you're right. It's boring Brandon
Sorry Brandon's great, but boring
Did I want to work in South Florida when I was driving Arizona to you know, I wanted a job
Just like now. Why am I still here? I need a job. I need the income
Rudy says the crank callers from your show are spilling over to the Joe Roe show. Oh my god
This morning Joe Rose was taking calls and debating with listeners whether Tim Tibo has gone overboard with the God stuff and then it happens
I heard Reverend Jones
He was impersonating a youth minister what to me too. I gave them the cut sign and Joe hung up on him
I was in there getting the log when that happened. Oh, and I said I was yelling chronic and gave him the guy
He hung up on him and Joe hung up on his joke pretty much talks to anybody
Well, he didn't know and so when I gave him the sign he hung right up on him to his credit
I heard Reverend Jones. He was impersonating youth minister and he started spewing stuff about you
Can someone do anything about these people ask to Rudy? Oh, I wish yeah
We wish they could I could but they won't that's the answer to your question Rudy
They could but they won't and they don't
In fact, I was asking George before the show this morning if the point ever arrived at which I wanted to take calls again
Which probably won't but if it ever did and I wanted him to screen a calls
He doesn't have the technical ability to do it right even even if it was practical even if he would you know
It's a physical impossibility can't do it can't technically be done and also couldn't
Really be done realistically because he's got to be talking to me and listening to what I'm saying correct
So if we wanted to screen a calls on this show we can't do that as part of the new
budgetary cutbacks of sticking fat Chris Whalen there at five to six in the morning of
Sticking it to us again, which is really what it's all about
Cuba swirls with questions about Fidel Castro's health
Inc.
Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez hints that the ex-cuban leader may have taken a turn for the worst
How do you like that?
The question is swirling on the streets of Cuba where is Fidel?
The ailing 82 year old hasn't appeared publicly in more than two years
He hasn't written one of his reflections in the official press in four weeks. What's the name of that paper mama? I don't know
Well on the 50th anniversary of his revolution the former presidential only a 16-word New Year's Day statement
congratulating the Cuban people
Then Sunday one of his closest friends Veneth Whalen president Hugo Chavez fan the flames
That Fidel in uniform who walked the streets in towns that day break embracing the people will not return
He said during his Sunday TV radio program that'll remain a memory
Chavez who has emerged a sort of a spokesman for the aging
Castro didn't discuss Castro's condition or say why he believed Castro wouldn't return to the public stage in
Byron the town in eastern Holdwind province where the Castro brothers were born
Castro's prolonged absence and silence has provoked some anxiety. Oh, they're murmuring. I bet
The mummers are murmuring and the murmurs are murmuring and then yeah people have been asking because he hasn't been shown in a long time said
Martin Castro 79 half-brother the former president
I call the I called a van of the other day and they said he was regular
But they wouldn't give me any more information. He's regular. He had a good. We can't discuss these things
Maybe he's eaten a taco smell
He's regular
Martin Castro his family but holds no position in the Communist Party hierarchy and has no special knowledge of his older brothers condition other than the news his eldest brother
Ramon Castro and other officials bring when they visit
One of Fidel's assistants was at the family house recently and said Fidel was fine
But we don't know he said whereas El Caballo asked Ernesto a 41-year-old hotel security guard in the capital using one of Castro's nicknames the horse
Of course every Cuban feels his absence. He isn't writing. There are no new photos. What's happening? K-Paso K-Paso with Fidel
Castro was last seen publicly on July 26, 2006 days before we underwent emergency intestinal surgery
Since then Cuban authorities have periodically released photos and videos of Castro with Chavez and other foreign leaders
US-based analist said Chavez's remarks could mean that Castro's health has deteriorated after months in which he appeared to gain strength and weight
Does this mean that Fidel is worse asked Vicki Huddleston a Cuba expert in former head of the US inter- intersection in Havana?
Is it a reiteration that Fidel is not coming back or is it just to wonder line that Raul is really in charge?
Huddleston said both the Cuban people and the government have had ample time to prepare for Castro's demise
Oh, they sure have a little of an in South and Miami they're getting the party ready now get all those left over fireworks
can now listen to this
Castro's failing health isn't big news to Cuban exiles anymore said George Rodriguez
Director of La Potorosa AM670 and radio cadena azul AM1550 the Qindies been waiting for the day too long
George Rodriguez that's right. I get a right. I knew it. I knew it all these years
You've been playing both sides against the middle
That's me
Anyway, he said it's not significant anymore it gets to the point where it becomes agonizing where all the excitement is lost in other words
Pubman-dread whatever that means
Spread the rumor Fidel is dead. Okay. Let's have another big party in Little Havana
Let's get everybody all whipped up highly a sweet water little Havana
Pembroke Lakes plantation what's that thing? I beg your pardon what's that mean what's Chester?
Westchester what's it this we worry oh
Speaking English speaking English. Yeah, yeah, what's when the American start? That's when I'll start
Yeah, that's a good point
Here's one it says Neil I'm a long time Lister just wanted to let you know I now get WQM to stream over my iPhone
So I can now listen to you for four holy hours Neil God in and out of my office. Love you
Thanks, Mike. How do you like that?
Where there's a will there's a way just because we got that signal. Oh God, but there's a whole bunch of emails on here
This is the week the emailers came back and I can't afford for them to come back today because I don't know if I have enough
Facts paper you have to read it off the screen oh
No, or get your serious cereal. Well, what else are you gonna do?
Serious stock 13 cents by the way
This is the Neil Roger show
You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you to
You're ratings and giants and how we're
Well, I'm gonna show you what a big ass and I was to your end how
yet don't you get why somebody good enough to fill my biggy pants
It ain't easy
Very no chance. I love to be coming back
How tight are you considering a lucrative income direct?
If you want to know when it will save you from shutting that transmitted to the ground.
Why? That's easy.
Let's shoot.
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
What are you considering a lucrative income direct?
I mean your old drink clots only got you today.
Clop!
They said my rating is that bottomed out in this tank.
What radio has your e-bombing gone to the gate of the woods as we did?
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
What should be the smoke?
You fight away something.
Check, hold me and give me this.
Where are you going to go?
Love and O2 at 560 WDQA.
It is like old times, man.
The fact that he was a cantankerous obnoxious old fart.
That was his charm.
It was?
Yeah. Told you it missed him.
Oh, we missed him.
One of our chronic regular e-mailer says
the nation's third best selling ice cream brand is to arrive in South Florida February
the 2th.
Bluebell ice cream of random Texas is number three though it sold on only 18 states.
Bluebell has moved into a 29,000 square foot temporary distribution center at 10491 North
Commerce Parkway in Miramar to serve markets within about 100 miles of Miami.
Bluebell products are to be sold at publics when Dixie Albertson's other grocery stores.
The company plants dire drivers and salesmen from the area in the 32 person crew.
It's introducing a new flavor next month.
Initially, they sold only in South Florida.
Tropical paradise is a coconut ice cream with crushed pineapples, roasted macadamie nuts,
and a pineapple coconut sauce swirl.
Ooh.
You like coconut?
No, not as such.
Not really.
Maybe right out of the coconut but I don't like that shredded coconut.
No.
Ooh.
Although I had that coconut ice cream which was very good.
Really?
Yes.
Well, Tropical Paradise.
February 2th, what day is that going to be?
I just might.
I don't know.
Today is the 20th.
You don't have a calendar.
No, I don't.
What if I can't be afforded a calendar for 2009?
Somebody please bring us in or send us a calendar for this year because the cheapos at
Beasley go out won't bring us a calendar.
What a horse ball place this is.
You know what?
I hope that all those big shots are in the building right now and they got the station cranked
up real loud which I'm sure they don't.
Horse ball.
Can't even get a calendar round the wall so we know what the hell day of the week and
a month it is.
I mean, they might have them in the back room or something like that.
Yeah, in the back room.
In the back room.
Speaking about restroom, tea room, washroom.
So you know, maybe they say washroom.
I don't like that.
It sounds.
I don't know.
You go in there to wash.
I mean, you do eventually.
I will assume.
Yes.
If you're doing a doose.
Not if you're just doing an uno.
Oh, you're wrong.
I'm not going to let everybody.
Everybody.
You're crazy unless you've got a dirty thing, you know, dirty junk.
29th is two weeks from today is Thursday.
So Saturday will be the 31st.
So a Monday.
Well, that makes sense.
Monday from boy to.
Blue bell ice cream arrives in South Florida.
The country's third best selling ice cream, even though it's sold only 18 states.
Sounds pretty interesting.
And of course, you know me and ice cream.
By the way, yes did.
No, I want to tell you that you were getting your copy of this handout that we all received.
No, he did not.
You're getting a copy of this handout we all received.
How am I getting it?
Sent to Norm or something.
Joe said that he was sending a copy to Norm or Norm was getting his copy.
He was then going to give to you.
And the only reason I mentioned it.
Well, what do you mean he's then going to give it to me?
I don't listen.
Norm and Norm is down there and I'm up here.
How do I know I'm going to give it to him?
Oh, look, he brought me a calendar.
Who did?
Lee.
Well, because Lee likes us and Lee's a good guy.
He's not one of those hard-ass guys, one of those corporate hard-ass.
In fact, you ought to hear what he says about the visa.
I'm sure he'll miss him.
You don't hear what he said about the bill last week.
Oh, my God.
Go ahead and wait this handout.
Big fat ass.
I get to the towards the end of it because I did read the whole thing.
Yeah.
And you're in here.
I'm actually very happy to have this thing because.
What do you mean I'm in there?
You're in there because they've got this almost half of it.
If not more so, maybe three quarters of it is a recent, but like all these FCC rulings,
both against radio stations and TV stations to use as examples.
And right towards the end, there's the Cox Broadcasting Division slash WIOD when you were fine, not you, but the other station was for Jet Boy Jet Girl, the Candy Rapper song, and the Butch Beer commercial.
Really?
The reason that I'm really excited to have this is because now here are the lyrics for all three of those things.
Yeah.
So we can reproduce them.
You know, because they're lost to the ages.
But here we can reproduce them.
We got fine for them and then we're done.
And that's reproducing.
Yeah.
I sure hope they're listening to your badlings right now.
See what an Ojjan provocateur you are.
I missed these bits.
Boy, that Butch Beer commercial was funny.
I've never heard of that.
I've never heard of that.
Introducing Butch Beer, the first beer brewed for women by women.
Yeah.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
The Et.
Oh.
Now what about LPGA?
Can we play that?
I'm sure we can't.
Why not?
I'm sure we can't.
Why not?
Let me say it again.
I'm sure we can't.
I was just thinking out loud.
I'm positive we can't.
Very, very sure we can't.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Here he goes.
And I'm just like I'm positive we can't play.
We can't play that.
No.
Okay.
Positive.
Can I have any discussion?
Boy, a girl.
Yeah.
Okay.
And what about the second one about the stuff we got fine for on this station?
Oh, that's in here too.
That's great.
I don't know if you ever actually heard what was said.
No, because normal kept asking them.
Oh, what were the bits that we got fine?
Here's what I'm going to do.
I have a new appreciation for that show that I never listened to.
For the Scott Feral show that I never listened to.
Because it was a sports show.
I didn't know it.
I had no idea.
Yeah.
So I'm going to photocopy what he said in facts.
I know what he said about I'm going to rape your wife and I'm going to do this.
I've got to get the whole thing.
Yeah.
I've had how many reddit.
Well, then never mind.
I've read those rulings.
Okay.
Don't you understand?
I mean, this business, at least I used to be in this business until I came to work for these.
I see.
The cell phone telemarketer story and the Taco Bell meat tune are bullshit.
These have been hopping around the internet for years in some form or another.
Yes, urban legends.
You might want to check snopes.com to verify these when you get them.
It's a site that verifies, slides, debunks urban legends and sites.
It's a good site again.
What?
Snopes is a good site.
Then again, you might not have said yours in Christ or is that Christ?
So Steve.
Christ.
As in Limpurist.
Gay.
Thank you, Steve.
Thanks, Steve.
So I'm sorry.
I got.
Put it over here.
Let's see who sent it.
Oh, Mike McDonald.
Listen to your show for many years and oh, mad dog says the mad dog gave this out.
At least according to this guy, who the hell knows?
Who knows what to believe in any of these emails?
Said soon telemarketers will have access to everybody's cell phone number and the do not call registry out there.
Yeah, it's a it's bogus.
Urban legend.
It's a myth.
And like Brandon says, if you call that number and you give them your cell phone number, then everybody in the world is going to be calling your ass 24 seven.
So next time you see system or your manage tell them, you know, put your up.
Allen says, what was the name of that cough medicine you took?
I'm sick and needed seriously no joke.
I'm genuinely asking for your help.
Buckleys.
It's this thanks, Alan.
You won't thank me once you taste it, but believe you me, it works if you can find it.
I know it's it's um, I think it's made in Canada.
I'm not really sure I'm not going to go to another one and get the bottle.
I'm sure not going to drink anymore.
Now that I'm over that nasty.
That was the worst cold I've had in years.
Nasty ass cold.
God.
Remember coughing and choking and gagging and puking and almost died right on the air.
God.
Then the next day I was able to call you calling sick go play hook him go to woodbind,
but I couldn't talk.
See it's one thing about woodbind or any other slot place.
You don't have to talk to the machines.
Some people do though.
Oh, I just the things that these people do.
And yesterday the smelly people.
Oh my God.
Woo.
See the bus brings in the smelly people from Chinatown.
I see.
The bus brings them right to the bus right in there.
Smelly old Chinemon.
This one old guy sat down next to me.
If he's seen a bar is soap or a body wash in the last 15 years,
it's got to be a miracle.
It might be just out in a store window or somewhere because he sure didn't touch it.
He sure didn't use it.
Now the one question I have about that is don't people who smell really,
it's like when you fart, you know, you can smell it.
Right.
Not the beotha.
You can't.
You get used to smells.
Anything.
Oh, come on.
You used to smell it.
Listen, like that.
Listen.
When I say that, I'm talking about like the end of the world.
It doesn't matter like if you walk into your home and then like let's say that you're a dog owner or a cat owner
and you ask how people can't smell their own like the cat box.
You get used to it.
You stop smelling it after a while.
Whatever it is.
And these people have spouses.
Maybe they smell the smell.
Oh my god.
Oh.
You think about the olden days when they didn't have the odorant?
Like in France today.
They have it.
They just don't use it.
What is that about the I don't know.
Chinese month.
I've never had the experience you've been.
Well, don't come here then.
There's 400,000 Chinese month here.
One of the ones who were smelling it.
The ones who weren't here smell just fine.
You know what I'm saying?
They're like real people.
But the ones who were born in China.
They bring that aroma with them.
They bring a lot of other things too.
Like disease.
Things like that.
Like SARS and stuff.
I thought I had like any kind of an anti-Chinese bias because I think the Chinese are, you know.
There are just too many of them.
290 votes on the poll.
I'd read the result except I don't like this poll at all.
Why haven't they sent me fake?
And by the way, fake right, VDL.
You can send me all the Dave Capriety emails, all the Don Agony emails you want.
I'm not reading them on a year.
I'm not wasting my time with you.
Just go back in a closet.
Whoever you are.
Just go back and stick your head up.
Howard's ass.
What's the biggest name?
The best of them.
I know that the Zorid even loves Neil Rogers.
Woke up at 2 p.m.
Face down and a gutter.
My mouth tasted like mong.
My brain was like butter.
Crawled up on my feet and brushed myself off.
Little for stoke.
F started to cough.
Reached in my pocket.
Pulled out my trusty AM radio.
Got ready for the evening with a stand major show.
Got ready for the evening with a stand major show.
Oh no.
Oh no.
It was right.
1117 at 560 WQAM.
Used to be great.
We used to be something, man.
We used to be a contender.
And then Jolly Joe brought his traveling entourage from Rolly North Carolina.
And then they came sweeping through the building like a whirlwind.
Like a tornado.
Like a black tornado.
The moral says atheism as an explicit position can need to be the affirmation of the non-existence of God or the re-adjection of theism.
It also can be to find more broadly as an absence of belief in deities or non-theism.
Why can't they just say an atheist is someone who thinks all the God bull crap is a bull crap?
Okay.
Agnosticism is the philosophical view that the truth value of certain claims, particularly metaphysical claims regarding theology, afterlife, or the existence of deities, ghosts, or even ultimate reality, is unknown, or depending on the form of agnosticism inherently impossible to prove or disprove.
It's often put as the middle ground between theism and atheism, even though it's not.
And late tub has the best burgers in South Florida says that.
Oh, okay.
What?
What do you want to argue with that too?
I'm not.
I have a little argument.
No, I'm not.
So many people have got like George Rodriguez voodoo dolls.
Yeah.
They used to have George Rodriguez blow up dolls.
Now they got voodoo dolls.
Speaking of blow up dolls, Trollvolt is nanny to be quizzed by the police.
Well, it's about time.
You were just asking, weren't you?
And I just, somebody sent me the picture of him smooching this guy.
And so I forwarded to Eric.
He can put it on our website.
In a lip lock.
Jeff Kathrion, the nanny for John Travolta's late teenage son, is to be quizzed by police after he emerged.
And he has no formal child care qualifications.
And Rinsa living as a wedding photographer.
It's also been claimed that although he was employed a 16 year old Jets primary caregiver,
he was never actually referred to as the boy's nanny until after his tragic death.
A source explained to the main online website.
Jeff is known John for years.
I think they met through Scientology.
In other words, gay.
Jeff always traveled with John.
And then when Jeff met his wife Anna, she started traveling with John and Kelly too.
But I never heard Jeff refer to as an nanny until Jets death.
Although police have confirmed the cause of Jets death who died after suffering a seizure while a holiday with his family in the Bahamas on January the 2th is not being disputed,
they're still keen to probe the case and it will reigns open.
Jeff was the last person to see the teenager alive and believed to have helped John perform CPR on the boy when he was discovered in the bathroom.
Checks on national databases have confirmed Jeff does not have any professional child care qualifications.
It's kind of like Joyce at her radio qualifications.
It's the same thing.
You can't complain about them because they don't exist.
Jeff suffered from Kawasaki disease, a rare circulatory condition, which usually only affects toddlers and is not considered fatal.
He needed constant care with John and Kelly employing two caregivers around the clock, give him a crown of clock assistance.
Jeff had a man called Eli, shared a ground floor suite linked to Jets' room while the family were on a holiday.
The police are said to be investigating claims that Jets was left on his own for up to 10 hours while the nanny's watch TV.
And you know what show they probably watched?
I give up the nanny.
Yeah.
Now why did he have a round?
That's right.
He wants to be the senator from New York.
Oh, it's framed, Richard.
Larry put her on many weeks ago.
Oh well, the nanny.
He'll put anybody on your watch.
Ross Piro, any quack.
Any fake religionist, any faker.
He had George Bush and his wife Laura on last night, a couple of fakers.
If ever there were two, I came down the pike.
She really gives me the creeps, you know?
Yeah.
I'm trying to think of which first lady bugged me the most.
Was it Mami Eisenhower?
Was it Jackie Kennedy?
No.
Was it Lady Bird Johnson?
A tree-ish robin of bush.
A tree-ish robin of bush.
She was a real Yehu.
What about Rosalind Carter?
Do you know anybody named Rosalind?
Just that one.
Well, the famous actress Rosalind Russell?
Nope.
I never heard of Rosalind before Jimmy Carter got in there.
And what about Nancy Reagan with her stupid little red dress and her psychic bullcrap?
What about her?
I'm just talking about the list of, um, and what about Betty, uh, uh, Babs Bush?
What about her?
Babs Bush with a big head of white hair.
Oh, there's Barney Fag on CNN.
Dave says I tried the five guys in Margate.
We're back to that again.
The burgers are for at best.
They don't stand up to a jacks old-fashioned char-hut.
However, the five guys' fries are superb.
Try them if you get the chance.
They've got a perfectly fried, light crispy texture outside and soft inside delicious.
I don't eat fries.
I made that bad mistake of ordering the cheese fries.
Johnny F. and Rockets and I told you they melt under the broiler a slice of American cheese on top of the fries.
That's just wrong.
It's just, it looks even like a mess.
And then Dave says who's obviously I got a great sense of humor.
Leafs are going deep into the playoffs.
Oh, yeah.
They're going deep all right.
They're going to hell.
Too nothing lost right here at the air-candidate center last night to the pathetic Nashville predators.
Oh my god.
Couldn't have scored a whorehouse to Leafs.
Pop Bud says good show near your program really lightens the sorry ass day.
Keep up the good work.
Good luck at Woodbine later.
Says pop.
I guess that was yesterday.
It was because I ain't going today because you know that your people messed up my whole day unless I go tonight.
My people.
Your people, Clarence and Jolly Joe.
Oh yeah.
Joyce and the beesleaves and all these goofballs.
Oh, it's going to be fun.
No, it's not.
I'm going to just be a rehash of the same old lies and the same old BS about why we can't say this and we can't do that.
We can't play this and we can't you know.
That's what it's going to be and you know it.
Of course I was being sarcastic.
I mean wanting to fax me that 45 page memo.
46 or booklet or whatever the hell that damn thing is.
And I guarantee Joyce made up 90% of it.
He just makes it up just to be a bitch.
Just like Joe Bell made up the thing about the food you know.
No food.
He made it up.
All the stations that I worked in in town.
No problem with food in the studio.
I know Gary Bruce had nervous breakdown.
Was it Gary Bruce or was that's why I walked right into the middle of it.
I told him jam it jam on it.
You idiot almost got fired because of that.
You did?
I almost yeah.
If I quote if you can't take control of that show I'll put someone in there who does and it was over the food and I was I didn't know because he didn't tell me that that was part of my job is keeping the food out of there but apparently it was really.
Yes.
Nice job.
Thank you.
You want to keep the food out because a lot of the sponsors like Carolyn and lots have an other she hated you like poison so she bring she would bring all the stuff and prepare the kitchen downstairs.
She'd bring her wonderful lunch and she wouldn't give you a scrap nevertheless.
She wouldn't she wouldn't give it a rat says who brought food and why he would do one piece of room.
No, I hope she wants but nevertheless she wouldn't throw one stinking rotten meatball in your direction.
Nevertheless I had nothing to do with me whether or not you got food in there I had no opinion on the matter I had just gotten there I just showed up.
Yeah, well once the goody started pouring in you we weren't too bashful no no I wasn't it was a star of an urchin.
And we had people spilling big two liter bottles of soda into the board stuff like that Steve wiped out a third and we need we're getting like all freaked out oh my god.
Mad man.
I wonder if it's really true that he puked on their wedding night.
I'm sure I know why but 1126 at 560 W.
I am.
My junior honey.
All right.
I'm glad the holiday season is still.
I had a couple days off but it wasn't no club mess.
And now there's an egg in inside my head.
But still got lights up on your home.
But after midnight,
January one should have taken them down.
Take them down you lazy bum.
You'll need a job that really aims to top top top why don't you take down the light.
Take down the light, shoot it as bright as you up.
Tanguary one one one why don't you take down the light.
Take down the light, stay for me for me.
Don't make a down down, waste of their light, just to deem.
The size of the only one still celebrate Christmas and it's all in science.
Down to 58 on the down, not good, not good.
I wonder how come Maria hasn't sounded in today, huh?
I don't know.
Maybe not to mention her.
You're a great buying opportunity.
Bye bye bye.
No thanks.
You first.
Bye bye bye.
Robert says great show near listening since the IOD days.
But George, he blows boring and ponderous when he's on.
I turn it off.
Well, he's on right now.
Bye Robert.
Say something.
No.
Well, Robert just turned you off.
Fake Barry Jackass says when you have your meeting with Joyce and Joe,
tell him to bring Hank and Ed back immediately.
Not sooner.
Oh yeah, I'm going to tell him something.
Yeah, I'm going to tell him that was really most of these.
I'm very, you tub.
That was silly tub.
Rick says,
what were you saying about tropical paradise ice cream?
It sounded really good, but I missed what when or what brand that was.
Publix, when Dixie Albertsons February 2nd.
It'll be available.
What is it?
Bluebell?
Blue?
No.
I'm not going to say that.
What?
Balls?
No, seriously.
What is it?
Bluebell?
I don't know.
New brand of ice cream.
And tropical paradise will be exclusively sold in South Florida with coconut
and a bunch of gooey stuff.
I don't know.
Might be okay.
I don't dislike coconut.
I just don't like stuff with lots of shredded coconut.
I don't like shredded coconut.
The coconut ice cream that I had did not have shredded coconut in it.
Like it was completely pulverized.
So it was just coconut flavor.
Yeah, I like to flavor the coconut.
It was homemade too.
So that was another reason.
I see.
Now let's start with ice cream now.
We just finished with the Dan Burgers.
Hey, why not?
Daisy says that guy from Orlando who wrote that
he did mystery shop.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Most likely method he was a mystery shopper.
I see.
Mystery shoppers are people who get paid usually by having amounts to positive on their credit or debit cards.
They go to restaurants, movie shopping centers, food markets, etc.
Posing as legitimate shoppers.
Later they survey and rate the places they went to.
Pays mainly the cost of the meals and a little bit more.
But it's a way to get free meals.
It's as Daisy.
Well, I think she sent this yesterday afternoon, but I think she sent that during the show.
But nevertheless, thanks Daisy.
Oh, Phil Ark with a Jimmy Cifilis spy report.
The anxious Jimmy Cifilis.
I wanted to let you know that the dolphins announced they're quickly blurted out your name this morning.
They were talking about that.
Aenus Joe the non plumber and his comments about how the media should be abolished and prohibited and from covering wars because they get in the way with their facts and negative portrayals.
Jimmy and his infinite wisdom agreed with Joe.
He said there are malcontents who all they do is criticize the military decisions in the nation and in the national and local media.
And then he said like Rogers.
He wants what I do have a first name.
Okay, Jimmy.
I never just say Cifilis.
I always say Jimmy Cifilis.
Don't I?
Indeed.
Like Rogers.
He wants war to be covered like they didn't W.W.W.
Tooth through newsreels after the fact.
Isn't that quaint?
Then it says when is Joe Bell firing that turncoat working for Chief Channel?
Well, first of all, we don't hire him.
He works for the team.
You sure don't work for our team?
I'll tell you that Jimmy Cifilis.
All of a sudden turn expert on world affairs and right wing fanatic.
He's looking his wounds now because his boy got whipped.
He got a took a whooping in the election and another few days maybe long gone the Bushmeister.
Long gone along with Dick Cheney and all these other right wing A-holes.
Condoleezza who got put in her place at the UN by the way.
How do you like that?
When when echoed Olmert speaks Condoleezza sits up and then she stops buying shoes.
She stopped shopping.
Okay. Yes, yes.
So whatever you say, yes sir.
I thought yes sir was dead by the way.
Yeah.
Joe says I was about 12 years old.
Oh, Irvey Filion.
Remember his name came up yesterday.
He said I was about 12 years old when I lugged that dwarf's golf bag around a golf course for four and a half hours and put up with looking in the woods and every hope for his golf balls.
Then to be given the standard eight dollars for the loop.
Who says French Canadians are cheap says Joe.
Irvey Filion my ass.
Hey, a Florida case junior can come back.
Why not Irvey?
My God, one thing about our great sport of harness racing.
You can never be too low to be let back into the club.
You can never beat up too many women or go to jail for too long or fix too many races.
You can never do too many bad things.
There's always room at the end for the slime buckets.
Bill says five guys hamburgers are okay but better give yourself about 25 minutes to wait while they make it.
It's not fast food and etc.
It says Bill.
Well, if it's really great it's worth it.
But who do you want to wait 25 minutes for a booger?
Why not if it's good.
25 minutes.
You know how long that is?
That's very long.
It's 25 till nine exactly how long it is.
It's going to be a long time till noon man.
Let me tell you right now.
How long is that thing that elases afternoon by the longer than we want it to?
Well, if it's more than a minute that's longer than I want but can you find out?
It's supposed to be an hour according to that.
Oh my god.
You'll be up in my level.
This thing.
Have you got a memo?
Yes.
Well, they didn't bother sending it to me.
One thing about that.
It's up to me either.
I had to ask for it.
I see.
Well, that's because it's this show.
And isn't that interesting that if that topic of course more relates to this show than it does the sports talk shows.
Like you said this morning on the sports host can say any crap they want.
That's right.
Excuse me that they're dumb jocks.
Well, they're not ever going to say anything purrient or shocking or anything like that.
It's always going to be antiseptic.
And so if they do use those words, it's you know, it doesn't mean what we mean when we say them.
They really think that.
Do they really?
In other words, those guys are all antiseptic.
They're not about to be asked.
They're not like we are.
They're living in the gutter with 30 minds.
Right.
We are.
Sure they are.
I know.
Goes with the territory.
Goes with being a jock.
But here in this fraternity.
Let me say let me say that picture of Tim Tebow's girlfriend again with a huge balloon.
I say that don't worry.
Now, but you did.
That should be on our website.
Senator Eric.
Senator Eric, okay.
Not that we want to.
In fact, maybe you can crop out to Tim Tebow.
We just see the chick with the gigantic balloons.
Now, did you just send me that because one of my sheets of fax paper got used?
Yes.
Oh.
Oh, just dropped it.
Drop it on the flow.
Confidential.
Oh, then I better not read it.
Mandatory.
Oh, it's mandatory.
Should I only take an hour of your time.
Attendance required.
Well, this is from Clarence.
Any questions, please see me or Joe Bell.
I would rather rot in hell.
I would rather ride than moan and groan and then see Joe Bell.
Of course, if I did go to hell, I probably would see him there.
Is he also going to be involved in this?
I assume he will be.
Oh, because if anybody really knows his craft.
What biggest name?
He's the extra.
He's no Roger.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
He's the best neon god.
So, here's two great new years.
Happy new year.
He has so one there's lots to fear.
That's why God and Ray want to be here.
Chaga logo is new here.
Chaga logo.
Drink to your camp, put down your land and gear.
Chaga logo.
Then he'll be to nuns of fear.
Ooh.
Ooh.
That's almost enough to make me want to play that to a good buy to 2000 or whatever that is.
So long 2000. What? Almost. Almost. It's too long, man. Yeah.
Not. I like it.
343 votes on this horrible pool. The reason I haven't sent any phony emails is probably is because my name is in Greg Vudell.
You ought to see the series of pathetic tragic misses I've received from the fake Greg Vudell this morning.
Really? Yeah. A whole bunch of crap. Mostly about Capita and Don Agony this and you bastard everybody ever worked for you said you were a piece of crap.
Yeah. Go to hell Greg. I try to get you hired and serious and you turn on me. Yeah.
You're right. The emails are like mental ward. Yeah. And as far as the fake it's got to be the same person being the fake average.
Sure. The fake Joey Reynolds, the fake Barry Jackass, the fake Larry King, the fake Greg Vudell, the fake Adam Kirschner, etc.
Anyway, the poll is the reason I haven't sent any phony emails is I only send legit emails 95. I have too much respect for him 62. Sure you do.
Too busy at work 56. Too busy listening to the show 45. I would but I don't know how to set up a phony account 21.
I don't know how to use the internet, but I vote on the polls 18. Now why is that even on there? Charlie B once again attempting to be cute and clever and just quick try to be so cute see Charlie and put choices like those on the polls.
It undermines it undermines another wise mediocre poll. I used to but he blocked me 13 not near computer 13, but I do 10.
See there 10 people who claim this and emails and I prefer to call 10. And probably the same 10 they voted twice. Yeah.
They send the crank emails and they prefer to call. I'm your friend. I'm your friend.
Here's one that came on and yesterday over the past year all casinos have put in the biggest out slots and they don't pay crap.
Says somebody who signs it I still losing my shirt. They're tighter than a nun's ass. Oh, I asked you if we can say that. Maybe you should say tighter than a nun's.
Years ago the Hollywood Semino had one dollar slots that paid 20 grand enough the $2 slots paid in the 30 and $40,000 range.
Now if you want to win anything like that you have to play three to five dollars of push. I can't believe how many people put so much money in the penny machines.
No wonder they agreed to pay the state of float $100 million. They don't pay anymore. It all goes to the casino and the state signed still losing my shirt.
The subject south Florida slots suck it says how do you like that? Okay. I want a couple of bucks yesterday would buy not a big day but just you know a few bucks.
But you know what winning anything is better than losing. Sure. Especially when you're playing a sucker game like slot machines.
Can't imagine and told you like you sitting in a wild too bad. Must have a week imagination. Our good friend Sean and Hollywood says Martin Landau remember we mentioned him yesterday and said it was Martin Balsam.
Yes. I made a bad mistake and you didn't correct me. Whatever. That's what you're supposed to be there for. You know I can't catch him on correct all my Martin.
You know I'm a state. You could have said Quinn Martin. I wouldn't have caught it. Quinn Martin a Quinn Martin production cannon right with William Conrad. One of the great shows that you never gave a chance. I watched it. What are you talking about? No you didn't.
A fat Lardo who never missed with his tiny little revolver. Yeah. And what did he drive? Did he drive a continental or something like that? Something like that. Always smashed him up though.
Martin Landau is also great in rounders with Matt Damon Edward Norton. He's also hilarious as the annoying living in the past movie producer and entourage. I thought that the show was strictly for doose bags but it's funny. You sell.
There's an interesting word I wonder if we can say doose. I know we can say do Chi bag. Also believe it not the snack bar north part beach makes progress that tastes like the old drug store a store counter grill.
The snack bar and north park beach. In the many business district Hollywood just east of 95 this address or that still has a lunch counter.
Yesterday while I was listening to my iPod I came up with a litmus test to improve America play make me smile by Chicago.
Take anyone who doesn't like an enforcement of trade places with one of Michael Vicks dogs. This is the way to thin the herd says Sean.
You following what you're on is babbling about there. I guess he likes that song. I like to song to them. I'm not going to play it. I could I got it over your son.
Oh brother. Wow. He's your kid. Quick on the up truck today or what? I'm all excited about that meeting. Why? Why not? I got stuff to do man. I got to go to the bank and put a bunch of money in my local account here. I got stuff to do.
Better be short and sweet and to the point and it's just going to be a rehab. You know what it's going to be. I know it's going to be a reaction. All the stuff that they've made up right.
Because they have to do it. This thing. This handout that you're going to get a copy of eventually I'm sure. Well when is high to I'm your 45 pages. Ask that thing you call a lawyer when he's going to give you your copy. Why do they send it to him? Why can't they like FedEx it to me? They got the address here. Why can't they FedEx it to me?
They send it to Norm. Something really strange. Remember the movie The Hitcher? Yeah. The relationship between C Thomas Howell and Rucker Howell there in the end. He's spitting his face. There was something. And he wiped it off like a very sexual overtone of that whole deal. I'm beginning to think it's not Joe Bell and Chris.
Well, it's Jolly Joe and Norma. Norma. There's something there man. Because Norma never follows through on these deals. He sent me that breath breathtaking email the other day, which I forwarded to you, which you still you're still aren't as appalled by it as you want to be. No, I'm not shocked at all. It makes perfect sense. But he never follows up on these things. It's always a well, I get a lunch out of it. And that's the end of that.
Adam over there in Kitchener Waterloo who's really getting on my nerves to the point of distraction. Says I have to agree the spots on the stream suck. They're all propaganda about don't drink and the army changed my life and all that.
Says I guess it beats the hot living in South Florida. Yeah, it does. Then he talks about the weather blowing snow, cars sliding on a. There's no snow right now. Hardly any snow on the ground. It's not snowing. It's murky. And it's free.
It's freezing man. It's minus infinity. It's so cold that if you went outside your breath would turn to icicles. That's how cold it is. I'm not complaining though. Okay. Good.
Tracy says PSA about volunteering to teach on the streaming. The teach kids has Angie Harmon teaching kids to spell prosecutorial and habeas corpus not executable. Jesus.
That do this right though. The Ed council sponsor killers designed to make us all feel like bad people for not volunteering to help kids and whatnot. However, I'm a bad person.
So me I just heard my headphones off when they come on. Says Tracy. There you go. That's the answer for all this bitching and mowing. Why did you do something about it?
We could tell them a million times. There's nothing we can do about it. And well, why did you do something about it though?
Right? Like what street like exactly like what are we going to do about it? Through a tantrum? Have a nervous breakdown? Go and drop 400 gallons of wild oozing diarrhea all over Jolly Joe Bell's desk. Now that sounds like a plan. The Dow is down to it in 36 points.
Now can we say oozing diarrhea? Can we say that or not? No. Is that in that manual you got there? I'm sure we would add it to the manual if you asked.
As one of those we can't say yes. No matter what you ask, can we do this? No. Can we say that? No. Should you be a smart ask?
I guess we're caught off pretty much on emails. We got two hours to go. That's a bad sign. Maybe we ought to have the meeting now. Hey, on the air. On the air would be good.
And when they read those words, yeah, check, I can't wait. You can't wait for what for them to go over all those words. I'm going to chortle.
I'm going to make sound effects in the back. Excellent. Raspberry. All kinds of fruit. So what's that open again on the big O show? The queen is gone. Yes. It's time for like a real man rock solid.
And I'll see how producer Phil Spector about that. I'm bigger part. I'm going to have to talk to his producer because they play that even after the shows that I host. I know you said that before. Right. I take issue with that just because it's not accurate.
So is producer put that together now? No, I don't know where that came from with the hell knows. Nevertheless.
Like all these rejoins now with the same guys, same guy's voice, but now he doesn't say these sports leader. So almost every rejoin is a stunt rejoin. We don't want to run a tight ship here to catch you all catch me off balance. Like, is this where we hit the button? Is that you know, like that?
I thought that your buddy Lee had that all taken care of. I thought that it was untaken care of. I see. So it's a little bit too right. He standardized everything. And then we got some new ones in.
And so the problem came back. So let me ask you what they is clearance leaving.
The best time. It is coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid. And I want to tell you it's the 12 to 1 hour or whatever it is.
A cranky old man gets his car stolen. Not just any classic car. A marginal one. Clint Eastwood is stars in Randirino.
Which one you punk stole my grandterino? Oh, no, no. Oh, yeah. I have another 70's error car of even less interest. You better keep your hands off my deweka state wagons.
Hey jokes on you punk. I just happened to have a 1980 Chevy citation.
Oh, okay punk. Try stealing my AMC Gremlin. Think you're smart up punk. Try laying your hands on my cordoba.
Well, I still got my guts in honeybee. Will the punk's the Oakland's honeybee? Don't miss grandterino appearing in a junkyard near you.
Okay, 12 on 1 at 560 W. I've always said that two hours is more than enough. It's plenty half a show for half the price. Right. All right.
Because we did great. We had just a ton of emails just like yesterday and Monday. Sure. But now it's so that's the end of that. Oh, well, I have one short to the point. Okay. And that's it.
Even the fake Greg Videl is going to win a fit of peak. Good. You chased him away. Good. That was the idea. All those true things. All that crap about Howard and Sirius and Yadi, all this fake baloney. You know.
Well, you talk about this email thing is given new meaning to that. These people that I got the time to sit and write these long ponderous like that guy yesterday who was being forced by his coworker to listen to the show.
I hope the show gets better. And then he's given me a song to dance about. Don't play so many bits. What's with all the bits? If he's not going to listen anymore, he doesn't like the show, which is fine. He's entitled.
And once he give me instruction, what else to do on the show for you follow what I'm saying? No, what?
It's like saying your food is crap. I've never come back to this restaurant. And by the way, you should cook their fries a little bit longer. Right? That's exactly right. What's the point? There isn't one life down to 51 on the down. What? What? You're reading the dial stuff for you really want to know the numbers in the toilet.
What the hell is that supposed to Rick? Rick wasn't just reading the numbers. He was going through a whole song in our dance. His fair value is minus 3.52.
That's the beginning, man. This is how it starts. No, it's not stock market people. Oh, I'm a stock market people. You must be. You should live so long, man. I got the cure big time. I got the cure with an expensive cure.
Oh, yeah. I wish I had that money right now. I'll tell you that. Because if I did, I wouldn't be sitting here. I wouldn't be sitting getting ready for some stupid
ass meeting at 230 this afternoon on the telephone. Oh, good God. Michael says one of the other stations, the sports station 790 plays dead air over the bogus spots.
Now, what does that mean? Please dead air over the bogus spot. Can you explain that to me? How do you play dead air? I guess silence. I'm just guessing over the spots. They don't know how to articulate their point very well.
Or does a live internet show during the commercials or place them old bits all our preferable listening to the same PSA over and over again. I am so over my gruff, the crime dog. Can George do some during the commercials? Can George do a show during the commercial? Of course not. I'll do a song in dance. Yeah, I'll do a big song to dance during the.
I hate to let me say it again. It's a great thing that we can stream because even in South Florida, there are people like who live in working office buildings or whatever.
Or live in areas where they get a really crappy AM signal over there. And so they listen online and get a nice clear sound for free. And that's it. It doesn't cost you anything.
We have no control over. We have no involvement in it. George isn't sitting there, uh, uh, podcasting around with some piece of equipment that sends you out the.
Audio. It just is there. We have no involvement. It is what it is. Exactly. So take it or leave it. Love it or shove it. Nope. Nope. I'm going to listen to it and complain about everything I hear. Oh my God.
So when somebody sends me an email, which somebody did a while ago about why I hate South Florida, that's one of the main reasons. That's the sound of South Florida.
Never stops. Burgess Meredith would have been proud.
Oh, here we go. Obama's pick for FCC signals change. I better print this one out from the Wall Street Journal. Things are looking up. Maybe fart noises. It says. See, I hate to break the news to you.
Carl, but there's no FCC restriction about fart noises. That's something that Joyce just made up because I guess he farts a lot and she's got a complex about it.
I think I'm maybe we ought to bring that up this afternoon. Maybe we can get, you know, all pitch in a few shackles and we can get her some counseling to help her over her fart sound a version.
Because every time she hears the sound of a fart, she assumes that she's the one who cut it. Am I right? That makes sense. Yeah. She's got a thing about the fart noises.
But I have an evidently she's brainwashed at least a portion of the audience into believing that the FCC prohibits these things, even though they hear my other shows all over the place. Right.
Well, here you go. Here's this spiffy thing. President elect Barack Obama's choice of Julius Genachowski to lead the FCC signals that issues affecting telecommunications and media companies will take a high profile in the administration.
Mr. Genachowski, one of Obama's Harvard Law School classmates, sometime basketball team it and advisor during the presidential campaign would bring a background both as a technology industry executive and a regulator to the position.
He's a former FCC attorney. Industry and consumer groups are scouring a nine page technology plan released by the Obama team in 2007 for indications about what Mr. Genachowski, who master might have the plan might do with the agency.
Mr. Obama pledged his plan to revamp government programs to expand the reach of high speed internet service. Mr. Obama also expressed support for network neutrality, which prohibits carriers from moving some internet traffic faster at the expense of other traffic.
The latter is a contentious issue for big internet cable and phone companies as well as startups. Broadcasters are keenly interested in whether Mr. Genachowski will take a more moderate approach to enforcement of indecency standards.
Thousands of complaints are backed up of the FCC over the past few years after the agency's tougher enforcement policies and multi-million dollar fines were challenged in court by broadcasters.
Mr. Obama's plan advocated using technology to help protect our children while preserving the first amendment. First amendment, what's that? Hollywood broadcasters interpreted those statements as code that an Obama FCC would revert to its pre-bush administration days of restrained enforcement and smaller fines.
Oh, we're fine. Mr. Genachowski's expected employment to the FCC is a homecoming of sorts. He served as the top policy attorney to form former FCC chairman Reed Hunt during the early years of the Clinton administration when he held major cell phone airwaves auditions and infuriated broadcasters by suggesting they pay for the digital airwaves they now use. Did I say auditions?
Auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions
auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions, auditions
She was really uptight about that when we had that horrible whammy show, you know...? I'm glad that I can make her closet-queen really uptight
industry and consumer groups were quick to praise Mr. Obama's choice yesterday.
The National Association of Broadcasts, with spard with Mr. Genekowsky during his FCC days,
called him a superb choice.
For rising communications, Inc. called his selection a great boost to the nation's drive
to be the world leader in all things broadband.
The Obama Tech Plan called for the U.S. to increase its definition of high speed internet
and reform a $7 billion federal phone subsidy program to help cover the cost of offering
broadband in rural areas.
It also called for encouraging diversity and media ownership, a signal that efforts by
big media companies to expand their empire's good face tougher scrutiny.
Thank God.
I'd say to people who see this really genial guide don't underestimate him.
He can be definitely needs to be said Gigi something or other president of public interest
group public knowledge.
If Mr. Genekowsky's confirmed he could become the point man for fixing the transition
to digital only TV.
Gigi, Gigi Genekowsky, our close personal friend who's going to let us play
fart sounds starting Monday.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wonderful.
Or maybe at least a couple of raspberries and a few blueberries.
Hey, don't go crazy just yet.
Why not?
Don't jump the gun.
First amendment writes my ass.
Well, I remember the day when we actually had some when people understood what it meant.
And then we had a few Ojrampravakr tour going come along.
Oh, well, he did this and he said that.
Bapapapa.
Like you said, complain, complain, complain, wine and moan and censor and censor and censor.
His network's at and that was all about yep.
Sensor and sensor and bleep out when in doubt bleep it out.
How do you entertain adults when you can't say anything?
That's what I'd like to know.
Shut up.
I'll wait till 230.
Then I'll shut up and listen.
Maybe they'll tell us.
As if as if you think they have any idea is there anybody in the world in the world that
imaginary line is there anybody you know the definition of these terms in decency and
et cetera.
Is anybody know the real definition of that term?
Nope.
Because being the old pervert fact that I am what's indecent to me may be all subjective.
Exactly.
So the bottom line is when in doubt asked Joyce.
What biggest name?
The best out.
He's a real Roger.
Me on God.
This is I with this news with his eight years as president coming to a close.
The president admitted that some of his decisions have been unpopular.
One of the things I'm beginning to realize is that I am a
smarter than birds and some good news out of Iraq.
U.S. military commanders have announced that the third annual bring your daughter to
war day was a great success.
We'll be right back.
Okay.
Trust 16 at 560 WQM.
The emails have not slowed.
They have halted.
They've stopped.
Stopped in their tracks.
Oh well.
Neil at nearroges.com.
We did really great for like two and a half days this week.
Monday was good.
Yes, that it was better.
And you want to know why?
Because we talked about food all day and about hamburgers.
Well, let's try it again.
No, let's not.
You want to talk about burgers again?
No, ice cream.
Oh, come on.
Ice cream.
What?
You scream all the time.
Screamer.
Seriously, you want to talk about ice cream again?
We're going to do it.
Seriously, I don't.
I was joking.
What happened to him?
What happened to footy with the best chili dog in town for like 16, 17 days on his
pool?
Good.
God.
Now, where were you saying about chili dogs?
They have that at Johnny F and Rockets.
I don't know if they have chili dogs.
They have chili burgers.
That's what I get when I go there.
They do?
Yeah.
Are they chili?
It's pretty chili here.
I'll tell you that.
They're all right.
Like the world ended.
I think next time I go there, I'm going to have something like beside the patty melt.
But it's hard to do that because you know, when I get in a rut too, when I like something,
I end up ordering it over and over until you get in a rut.
I'm just going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you're
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm
going to Mr. Silvidge and Mr. A.
Silvidge and Mr. Yuuer's Scom can lead to valentines and this will lead to valentines
promoting proposition.
NATO has drawn a lot of attention, but he appears to serve primarily as the money man,
leaving his associates to carry out the practical details.
One name in particular stands out is Amincent's Chief Lieutenant, political consultant Wayne
C. Johnson, whose Johnson Clark Associates coordinated the Propheic campaign.
Johnson has spent many years working for the Amincent Funded Causes, such as the battle
against the 2004 Initiative to Remote Stemousel Research, and organizations like the Anti-Spending
California Tax Fair Protection Committee.
Johnson Clark has also operated PACs from many candidates supported by Amincent.
It ran representative John Doolittle's Leadership PAC, which became notorious for sending
a 15% commission to Doolittle's wife out of every donation received.
It currently runs the PAC for Representative Tom McClidock, a strong Propheic supporter
who was narrowly elected last fall to succeed the scandal plagued Doolittle.
The series of events leading to the approval of Prop 8 began in 2000 with a passage of Prop
22, which defined marriage in California as being solely between one man and one woman,
but did so only as a matter of law and not as a constitutional amendment.
Prop 22 was quickly challenged in court, leading to the creation by its supporters of the
Prop 22 Legal Defense Fund.
In 2003, Johnson Clark Associates registered the domain ProtectMarage.com on behalf of
that fund.
ProtectMarage.com began campaigning in early 2005 for an initiative that would add its
restrictive definition of marriage to the California Constitution, but it failed to gather sufficient
signatures and was terminated in September 2006.
In 2008, however, a Reborn ProtectMarage.com flushed with nearly a million dollars in funding
from Howard Amincent and tens of millions from other donors, succeeded in getting Prop 8
placed on the ballot and approved by 52% of the voters.
Prop 8 is now California law, at least for the moment, pending challenges to its constitutionality
and ProtectMarage.com has turned its attention to demanding that all 18,000 existing same-sex
marriages be declared invalid.
I guarantee there's a lot of other people who wish that their marriages were declared invalid.
George, oh really?
I could be wrong about that.
But then again, what would I know about it?
Right.
Now George wants to invite all of his close personal friends and we hasn't seen in quite
some time, or anyone else, or anybody else, but especially those personal buddies to come
by on Saturday, tendinune for the grand opening of the Coconut Creek Advanced Auto Parts.
Chance to win Miami Heat Auto Graph team ball and tickets to the Heat Celtics game on Wednesday.
Plus you can take advantage of great deals and audio automotive needs to advance auto parts,
65, 46 North State Road 7 and Coconut Creek.
Little George will be there, tendinune.
I'm sure he's just dying to see the guy with the eyes, the guy with the Fanny Pack, all
of them, Gilbert, Gilbert, all the...
I'm your friend.
Yeah, and Chamba, I'll bring a machete for those guys.
Right.
Reverend Jones and the boyfriend.
And there are two or three other colors.
Yep.
Oh, here's a couple of emails.
How do you like that?
At the meeting today, have them get rid of...
Oh, have them do this now.
That's where I'm going to wave my magic wand.
I'm going to bring back Eddie Kay and Hank and get rid of DA.
He is horrible.
Bring back Hank.
The state says mediocre at best after 2pm.
Joe Bell truly blows says the GM.
Chronic GM, who's always...
Well, he's right on some of those things.
Blue Bell claims their ice cream tastes hand cranked.
And then this particular emailer says it tastes like someone had a pile of crap in their hands before they cranked.
How do you like that?
Hand cranked my ass.
Oh.
Here's a long, long, long one from a friend as opposed to a fan.
You notice how a fan disappeared?
Yep.
After that day, he called and became apoplectic and started like losing it right on the air.
Oh, you don't do that.
Wow.
Must try the slider burgers only available at the council-look bar.
They're made with ground-neared strip prime steaks as Jason from Plantation.
That place evidently must be great.
We saw for the first time, the last time I was down a couple weeks ago.
And that place looked really, really good and tempting.
But it was early in the morning and I guess they were open for breakfast and you knew me.
I don't do breakfast either.
Although I saved my breakfast, I'm going to have it right now.
Here's one from Heath who says, can you mention how much your signal sucks in your meeting?
Content is good, but should not the ability to hear the content take precedence?
Also, any tips on how to hear your station on the iPhone?
Signed barely hearing your U-over static and Cuban music?
Tips.
Any tips on how to hear it over the iPhone?
You go to your computer, you boot up your browser of choice like Firefox.
No, you type in the little Google thing, listening to streaming audio on your iPhone.
You Google that and then you read and it tells you how.
Anything you want to know, Google it, it tells you how.
Really?
Really?
How to cook a placenta?
Google it, it tells you how.
You got a line?
Google it or go any time.
I'm a career, a higher placenta cookbook out there.
Oh my god.
Write in the middle of lunch hour too, don't play me, blame little George.
Pervert.
What pervert?
A real pervert.
It's a cultural standard in some countries.
Yeah, in some countries, yeah.
So, a circumcising girl.
Right.
Same countries.
Like I said.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't get your little Roger.
Here's a fact in the church.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
Pervert.
You're around from tendin' through.
And when your shift is through, tell George he can relax and smoke some weed.
And then quote, tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss Greg Reed.
Absolutely.
But don't play a fart.
The sound of a fart.
I don't think Joyce would understand.
No.
Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with the beastly clam.
OOof.
What ever you do.
Don't play a fart.
1231 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Monday is Martin Luther King Day.
Yes.
And I'm not working on Monday.
Correct.
And you are.
Yes.
And who's working with you?
Fat Chris?
I don't know.
Oh.
And Wednesday is President's day.
We ever find today, tell us.
No, I have to look on the new calendar.
I haven't gone in yet.
Oh, you got a new calendar from Flea.
Right.
Thanks, Flea.
Have you got it?
Or is it in the other room?
It's in the other room there.
I'll go in the break.
I keep forgetting.
No emergency.
I know.
So who's working with me on President's day when you're off?
I don't know.
Oh.
Maybe if that Chris Wailen will come back.
I don't know.
Maybe they have a like a bunk room in here.
Oh, what?
A bunk room where people can take a nap.
Maybe a notch.
You kidding me?
He's going to hang out here for four hours waiting for the show to start.
He can go lay down on the table in the conference room.
No.
Maybe.
I think it's going to be.
It's going to be Flea.
Yes.
So that's this coming Monday.
Right.
Oh, no, that's Martin Luther King Day.
What's President's day, Lee, since you're in there with the calendar?
26th.
The 16th February.
Oh, it's way way down the road.
So Flea's going to be working with me or with you on Monday.
Yes.
I'm not going to be here.
You're going to be observing.
Observing what?
Martin Luther King Day.
And would mine.
That you go to a rally or a parade or something.
Wesley says, perhaps email slowed down when the weather is nice as in cool here in South Florida.
At least people tend to move to the great outdoors and these rare Florida days.
But what do I know?
He says.
PS5 guys is really a phenomenon.
They don't advertise it all at least so they claim it's by word of mouth full of ground beef.
The mouth.
And they benefit from media hype by so-called food critics.
Tip.
Order the smallest burger on the menu unless you want to pass a big load later on.
I'm thinking of doing a big choice here.
Any minute.
Are you now in honor of her probably being in the building where already are they in the building?
I don't know.
Well, why don't you go out in the hallway and sniff around a little bit.
Have a look out there and take a look.
I'll wander.
I'll take about an hour.
He's pretty tight with the upper level management here.
We got to go and do a little spine in the hallway.
Go out and sniff the- oh geez, the beesleys must be here.
Oh, yeah.
Smells just like that.
Now Larry is really helpful.
Wait till you hear this.
Larry says, hey, Neil, that number and the whole sales hole getting our sell numbers may not be real.
Mad Dog thought he had been duped yesterday after he read that on the air.
According to Snopes and Online Rumor customer service, their claim is false.
How many times have we talked about that?
About 30 minutes.
Larry, I guess you're busy.
I hope you're doing some business.
Thanks anyway, Larry, but been there done that.
It's an urban legend.
Starring what's his name?
Where did I hear them playing the music from Requiem?
Up there?
No, on some TV show.
In the background, they were playing music from Requiem.
Maybe it was during one of the ball games over the week.
Maybe you wouldn't have been watching.
I think so.
Very quietly in the background, they were playing Requiem for a dream.
Gerard Lido, that's who I was thinking of.
Okay.
Now what brought his name to mind?
I don't know.
Requiem.
I don't either.
I was just thinking about him.
Have a sandwich, Gerard.
Okay.
Here's a guy who is so out of control.
I mean, just insane.
Now I sent you two pictures, by the way.
Just check your email.
One of them is the new Wayne Arnold's wife.
Which this guy, a friend, took a whole bunch of pictures, obviously, with his phone.
While he was in there.
Yeah.
You see the picture of Wayne's new wife, really?
Really what?
Is that really his wife?
Well, that's what it says here.
I don't know.
Nevertheless.
What the fact that he's very young?
She is very young.
And who's the other picture?
The Phantom Informer sent me that and says, you recognize this person?
Is that Johnny Dolan or somebody we're supposed to know?
Looks familiar, but no.
No.
We don't know who it is, Phantom Informer.
Why not tell us, so consider playing games, not Johnny Dolan?
Well, who is it?
Not somebody that I can name.
We don't know.
Lay it on as Phantom Informer.
Give us some information instead of like playing little quiz games.
God.
Everybody's playing games.
Anyway, A-Franc is, I went to World Castle for lunch on Monday.
For the first time since they reopened.
The place was packed with customers.
I counted about seven employees in total working behind the counter
in one form or another.
Some even in human form.
I sat at the counter, ran next to the grill, rocked and watched the castle burgers being cooked up close.
I even saw Wayne himself poke his face out from the back for a few seconds.
The food was so good I went back again yesterday for a repeat.
On both days I was waited on by a hot little Latino bombshell who said she was Wayne's wife of seven years.
She was very polite.
I took a few photos with myself, whom which I haven't closed.
Just to me, oh yeah, closed like a whole bunch of them.
Here's the grill, here's the onions.
Oh, anymore it was wife.
No, no, I just sent you that.
Any more?
Yeah, why?
I was wife.
Yeah.
Why you want them?
Yeah, sure.
Why?
She's cute.
So, she's like fully close.
She's not like naked or something, not in my head.
Just make sure you make a visit to Wayne Arles' role.
Castle next time you come down, as those castle burgers are still out of this world,
enjoy the photos as Steve in North Miami Beach, who sent me phone.
And there's I think there's only one other picture of her.
I'll send it.
Okay.
But like I'm saying, oh here, here's one that says this is Wayne Arles' wife serving me birch beer.
Yeah, I got that.
That's what he said.
What do you mean you got it?
What?
That's the one that I got.
That's the one I sent to you.
Yes.
Well, there's a couple of one or two of them.
All right.
And he sends me pictures of the grill and pictures of the onions and pictures of the burgers,
pictures of the buns and pictures of his ass.
Correct them.
Oh, Steve, calm down.
Wow.
So evidently, people have been waiting a long time for Wayne to reopen.
That's good news.
Oh.
This is a good guy.
And it's the last of a breed, man.
It's the last royal castle anywhere in South Florida, as far as I know.
Wasn't it that there was one other one that was hanging on for a while, remember?
Right.
I don't know if it's still there or not.
It was out in Yenem'sville somewhere.
And restaurants in Yenem'sville have a tendency not to stick around too long.
People like a place that's like close by, like right next door, like having a stadium right next door.
Oh, geez.
That business on Joe show the other day, where they were belly-icking about Dolphin Stadium and the hurricanes playing their all this other crap.
My God.
Anybody that still, still, Jones in for the orange ball, you need mental help.
Good.
God.
Talk about washroom, restroom, toilet, whatever word you want to use.
It was an outdoor toilet.
And it's a damn good thing it was because generally speaking, there weren't any real ones anywhere to be found.
What a mess.
But again, then the Marlins are going to be playing there.
It ought to be really great.
I bet you everybody in town wants to drive down there in the little Havana.
And where the old orange ball used to be, and go see the Marlins.
Even where they are right now, right off the turnpike, right there at the date-broward line.
Nobody wants to go see them now.
So why are they going to want to drive all the way down there to see them?
Are they?
Nope.
Will you?
Oh, yeah, every day.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air, because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and say I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music.
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So I just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over.
Me and you done.
I'll see here.
I ain't never said door.
I'm the very annoying.
I'm the man who's the man who's the annoying.
I'm out here saying, door.
I ain't never said that.
I'm the annoying.
The things that you do to me say that like I'm the annoying.
That they don't say pay me by that.
And I the good boy lining me up my neck and my top.
I feel also very much like I labeled it to you today.
And, when you play my thr Junior cartridge and the undermb sleeve
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
you know we haven't heard from it all the day. And even Marx OH! Many of you requested... What case he's starting at what time? You can ask Joe you would
during that meeting.
Louis says there's another world cast that I knew there was.
Northwest 27th Avenue in 79th Street, not the best location in Miami it's in.
What an understatement.
It's not the best.
It's been there a long time.
Wayne's isn't in the best location either.
125th and...
441.
Am I right?
7th Avenue.
Right.
I'm having a wish block.
I'm going to say it again.
7th Avenue.
Northwest 7th Avenue is 441.
1 block off the highway.
And 125th Street.
Right.
That's Wayne's.
Madeline Garcia's back.
Remember Fat Madeline with those fake fat pictures?
No.
Yeah you do.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I forgot.
So now...
Listening for the first time in months is Madeline.
I'm listening to your show for the first time in a long time.
I see nothing has changed.
You're still not taking calls.
How can you call yourself a Tasha host when the only talking is between you and George?
Real simple.
That's the talking.
That's what makes it a talk show.
By not taking calls you continue to divorce yourself from your listeners.
It's clear that you hate the fans or you would take calls.
Now you lose a lot of money at Woodbine in 2009.
You angry, angry man.
BAM!
BAM!
Says disgusting fat, fake Madeline.
I never got another thing from the Phantom Informer about who that is in the picture.
Mm-hmm.
Do you have any idea?
No, it does look familiar though.
It does?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Radio person?
I mean, there could be anybody...
Oh, wait, the funds are going to be bad.
Oh, geez.
I don't have any music ready.
Then again, maybe I do.
Maybe I do.
It's going to be a freaking solemn marker.
Slacker.
It's Kim, the automated voice.
See?
That's about the tenth one of those in the fan from that bitch.
Should really disconnect that phone during the show.
Why?
Supposed it was like something critical and important in court.
Like what?
I don't know.
Like maybe somebody just died and left me a 20 million bucks.
Oh, yeah.
You know anybody that's got 20 million bucks?
Now, in contrast to a fat whatever her name was,
here's Jay and Paul DeMorse's.
I've been listening to your show for 15 million years.
And I got to tell you the end of last week in the beginning of this week
have been the best runner shows I've ever heard.
How do you like that?
Woo!
It must not have hurt too many.
Why is that a negative comment on the show's the end of last week in the beginning of this week?
What?
Last week you had me ping in my pants one minute and pissed off the next is you we've silly anti-taco bell emails
with deathly serious bedtime stories about Gaza.
You're interaction on by the way had some Jewish guy from Chicago who's been listening to me for a million years
but not anymore because of all the anti-Israel stories I put on the website in the audio.
And then he went through this long ponderous history lesson.
This twisted history lesson.
Another Israel firster and I said I deleted him and goodbye to him.
You're interaction with the sports homos who were obsessed with Tim Tebow and the endless fake
disco and ebred to the radio dial who endlessly could take every detail of your show has been far better than the interaction Joe Hoho Bell
keeps begging for with a hapless collar.
He doesn't really keep begging for them but I just know from previous conversations his oh the audience loves
Neal's interaction with the colors well guess what Joe thanks to you there aren't any colors.
There are just four or five cranks there aren't any colors.
And if you don't believe me listen to the sports shows and you'll find out there are also aren't any colors.
It's just a bunch of different cranks or maybe some of the same ones as in this morning.
Wasn't that this morning?
Yep.
I could listen to this for the next five years easily says Jay.
Thank you for freeing us from the colors and taking them to show up a notch.
Things haven't been great for me lately but you and George always make me feel better and make my days of my shmitty job go by faster.
That's my critique now I'm off to Taco Bell for lunch.
By the way five guys burgers are damn good says Jay in Baltimore.
Thanks Jay good luck to you feel better whatever's going on right right right I see somebody on here.
Zach Zach is back in member Zach from yesterday.
Yep.
Good place to get ice cream is brush brush.
Bruster's ice cream Zachariah and Pine Island who's just beyond chronic and try to get out of my my space which I turn them down.
Go away Zach.
Your emails are direct Zach.
Oh no here is a serious orbit this is bad news.
We may have to cancel that meeting this afternoon so you can mourn.
Yes.
Oh my god.
You're going to be in shock.
How come the a pandemic former didn't email back and tell me who was in that picture.
How many how many days weeks or months go by we're still not going to have any idea who it is.
Not that I care all that much but it might be interesting.
Want to hear the celebrity orbit please.
Emmy award winning actor who created and started in the cult classic television show the prisoner has died he was 80 Patrick.
Well why it wasn't making any new ones.
Who's number six who's number two.
I thought you were number two.
No I'm number one.
Oh.
Used to be before Joe Bell came along.
Now you feel like number two.
Yeah and that's right now I feel and look like number two.
McGuin died yesterday in Los Angeles after a short illness his son-in-law from producer Cleve Landsberg said Wednesday.
Landsbury.
How are Patrick McGuin don't sound oh his son-in-law is.
Son-in-law is Jewish.
McGuin won two Emmys for his work on the Peter Falk detective drama Colombo and more recently appeared as
King Edward Longshanks in the 95 Mel Gibson film Braveheart.
By the way he did a great job is that I mean he was emaciated it didn't look like him I was shocked when I heard that that was really yes well he probably don't look too good now either.
An incredible performance but he was best known as the title character number six in the prisoner race surreal 1960s British series in which a former spies held captive in a small village and constantly tries to escape.
It's a great series not a good series it's great.
It's a little bit esoteric for most including me but nevertheless the prisoner.
And you see Rover that big ball on the beach every time somebody tries to escape Rover goes out the big ball and like envelopes them and bounces them back into the village.
Just like that so Patrick McGuin is that he was 80 I guess that's old enough I guess isn't it sure I'll take it.
I told enough unless you like 79 and a half.
Larry says the other day when I told you about the council local guard rock should it totally it's only open for dinner and on Sunday for brunch and dinner.
Just like Capitol Grille or Ruth Chris their meat is very aged and very tender.
Larry says okay I'm off to the hard rock to pick up my cantics for the fight tonight my comp.
They give you like 75 bucks free if you sign up for their players card.
Okay and the first 50 bucks I think you can spend right away the day that you get the card and then the next 25 bucks you have to come back to following Sunday to spend that.
And they have this big guy that stands over your shoulder and make sure that you lose every now that's just a joke.
Because you'll lose it anyway you know unless unless you get lucky unless you find the right machine mods all blind luck.
It's all blind luck no skill no talent no sniffing out the right machine it's all blind luck so maybe it's a good thing that we have that meeting staff.
Don't look how much money it's going to save me and the way things are now with this new deal.
Now what is your new deal starts your new deal kicked in now yes with your 0.3% raise that's right and that real spiffy Cadillac escalate the children.
You know personally is going to deliver to you today.
Oh yeah.
Oh boy it's the one to two hours.
On the next ordering marbles the blue to us won't device designed to be more not the year enabling cell phone users to impress themselves and actually speak with someone on that love phone.
A true modern marvel.
A rainbow to a communication developed at a rapid rate in the late 1940s new on television laboratories designed the first telephones to be used in cars.
Technology progressed through the 1990s and now they got a bluetooth but does it work for the technician for please our laboratories.
Murray the machine will be I tried to tell them that this thing it just doesn't work.
All they just said not to worry and corporate will convince consumers that they do.
Murder in marble the bluetooth tonight.
Okay can't wait one oh one at five sixty WM is our big one to two hour.
A little trickle of emails but at least you know this is the way it's supposed to work for her say the other day.
Trick one.
A constant trickle you know it doesn't have to be like fifteen twenty thirty like when we first started doing it or like back at birthday and election time.
In addition to which I just don't want to waste all that much fax paper anyway.
Can you imagine my feeling when I you know how they when you have like a big carton like that they put a yellow packing band around it you know they have to cut with a knife for scissors.
And I got my knife and I know because I've had eighty million of these boxes they all look the same.
And I open up and it's not my regular eight and a half my eleven copy paper it's eleven by seventeen.
It's just each one of the reams weighs about six thousand pounds you know how do you think I'll what the hell am I going to do with that.
Take it back.
Take it back.
Yeah you mean send it back and what am I going to do you have any idea how much that carton weighs about six thousand pounds.
Sixty five thousand tons get a friend to take it up or they're coming to take it back here.
No you can't hear that.
No yes no okay I think you're deaf what because every time I would say when the serons go blur in here I'd say can you hear it in the fat Chris you think he'd be the deaf one.
He would take that all that fat when his neck would close off his arteries and you couldn't hear anything.
But you're deaf what now why should listen to that this is a one sentence email okay let me turn it up.
H.A.Y.
Haineele lifetime listor L.I.S.T.E.R.
You are God love Toka Bell good luck in your meeting Jim or J.A.
Something I don't know think it's Jim.
Good luck in your meeting well what does that mean.
Even Paco sent me a message good luck in your because I told him I had that meeting on the phone you know I explained to me yesterday what what it was.
As best as I could yeah and he understood it no and he says good luck in your meeting what what does that mean what do I need good luck for.
You know so you don't get injured.
How about getting mentally wounded does that count because certainly the people are going to be involved in this meeting are enough to wound anybody.
Cliff says as we all watch the other day what we saw was George W. Bush without his puppet strings attached he comes off as that silly drunk friend you laugh at thank Neil God for Obama told you about Obama I was the first one and they all laughed to me all no they're not going to look like no dark guy for you right.
PS5 guys burgers is great but there's nothing like three girls claims.
Yeah you better go right on the other room and see if Joyce is there yet ask her if we answer is no.
Oh and now one of my chronic emailer says is this the one you sign up for I didn't sign up for any of players club and that was a friend of mine John signed up for it at the hard rock which I'm afraid he's got the fever you know.
He got lucky on one machine and one substantial amount of money a couple we I don't know a couple of times ago I was down there yeah there's this one game at hard rock it's called what is it called I don't I forgot it'll come to me something
aggravation I call it that's not what it's called and he want to hold just just a pot load of money on that and now he's got the fever it's the last thing I need is for anybody I know to get these slots to get you.
Yeah why how do they know that you're a new player how does the computer yeah but how do you know you never played the slots before because that's how they hook you.
What would you mean by all in other words the beginner's luck thing oh no he's not a new player he's a why's in the Vegas several times.
And now he wants to go to Vegas don't want to go I don't want to because I know it's going to cost me at least five six grand that's for a weekend and like I said the other day people go to Vegas for like 10 days or two weeks they have to be crazy
you have to be out of your mind you have any idea how much you can drop there at all. Yeah if you're not if you're not gambling then you're going to be going to the show and you're going to be shopping.
What's that incredible shopping while they got there on the strip you ever been in that thing what it's teasers no no no it's the Vegas mall or something like that and they have the collectible store with all those old documents that were signed by Lincoln and all these other precious valuable stuff you have to be a zillionaire to a shop in that mall safe.
And they also have a root what's your name's candies. Ethelms. Ethelms. Well Ruth that's all same thing. Well I love those Ethelms God. Anyway classic rockers club for exclusive players club members age 55 plus.
I'm sure they'll I'd be me if I tell them I'm 55. Oh you don't look at day over 54. Seminole Hard Rock Hotel in casino recently launched a classic rockers club rockers for old cockers for exclusive players club members 55 plus.
It provides some additional benefits for the group as an incentive to visit the hard rock hotel in casino or adults of all ages frequent.
New and existing players club members 55 and older ownsable for membership in titles and the cash prizes slot tournaments restaurant discounts special offers every Tuesday.
It's got a list of all the different things various restaurant discounts and specials throughout the property include the constant grind by any breakfast pastry we see the cup of coffee 55 cent I don't drink coffee.
Go through me like an atom bomb loop plate breakfast and lunch special 55 I let six aim to 4 p.m. Beach club lunch special 555 hard rock cafe by one burger salad or sandwich with two beverages and we see the burger salad or sandwich for free.
Blue point ocean grill 10% off renegade barbecue 10% off. Ben and Jerry's and wetzel's pretzels 10% off they got a Ben and Jerry's shop there outside the hard rock.
Never went in there but nevertheless and you want to know why I never went in there why because inside in the food court they've got a great little ice cream stand and they've got fabulous hot fudge sundays fabulous not good but fabulous.
You don't believe me I believe in even you could afford to go there it's not all I expensive I can't afford to go there sure you can drive up there in your new escalade valet park it right there you go.
When there's a bunch of guts out in fact maybe you can find one of those three real dollar real afford to machines maybe the same three ounces aren't tying up all three machines oh god talk about a fraternity fraternity old cockers there's the one guy with a mustache who looks like my friend Derek but is not him and he just sits there in the ties of a machine he doesn't play very much he looks at it come on baby come on baby you know pads the machine.
I'm not frost you're asked when somebody is just tying up when they're not playing it no players come cards can be used you use the audio it goes on a whole thing here doesn't say anything though about that really good restaurant.
Everybody's tell me how great it is doesn't say anything about getting comfortable there I can't imagine it would comp you in a really good restaurant I doubt that it's like my runs in Pompo park you know probably depends.
You were you depends what kind of roller you are oh well no I mean that that you accumulate points on all these player club cards I like it would buy and they give you cash for the points.
For a hundred and for every twelve hundred and fifty points you get fifty bucks right it's not it's not a bad deal and then there are these people who think oh well if I put my card in the machine it's going to affect the outcome that is the most stupid yeah oh yeah there are people who believe that.
That if you play with the card that you're going to get less of a return that has to be the dumbest thing well they're all these superstitions right there are people that believe in lucky underwear no yeah just like all these people that wave there are
arms over the machine you know I could write a book about my experience with my really good and the things that I see and the things that I smell oh god I can't identify what they are but believe me you don't want to smell them like that
Chinese money yesterday seriously it smelled like he died a hundred thousand years ago death on a chair what else all these emails now now you're getting me all backed up here.
Oh yeah Jimmy says don't get the crabs okay don't start getting over over the line or Jimmy we got in decency on our mind today and believe me when you're working to QA
I'm in decent is the word yesterday you mentioned the Apache burger it brought back great memories I last went there about thirty years ago the food was great it's located at fifty two thirty six done
that's west just west of Kippling Avenue it's easy to get to a sign you wait a woodbind from a patchy burger while you have to do his
drive about five kilometers three miles west of the 427 and go north to woodbind I think I'm going there for lunch today how do
you like that says Joe from Toronto thanks Joe see you around a you a patchy burger see one one thing they don't have here
that like almost anywhere you are in the west if you're like on an interstate highway or any main highway every every exit there's a bunch of fast food
joints right which is good if you're hungry or be if you got to take a if nature is calling right here I'm even
to find those places well that's bizarre I mean I know where there are a few of them are but it's not not the kind of place
you would drive up to or drive into you know or as if you're driving a highway there like anywhere a ninety five up and
down the coast like when we drove their vet up here every decent exit of any consequence there's a Wendy's there's a pizza
hut there's a Arby's there's a Mickey D's there's a BK right you know I'm saying you know that even a schlepper like you
knows that now here's one with an attachment it says shut the hell up well without attachment and it's sent to like a
Zillion other people yeah delete that how we did Patrick McGuin was secret agent the man theme below from Steven Jersey we already got the theme okay
that that you got the Johnny what's his name Johnny Rivers Johnny Quasca
secrets agent man Jason from Plantations as I assure you there is a specific strategy spelled wrong
we're going to go out of the floor and the wind program is coming to specific machines that would be the reason you
may notice that most machines on the end of the islands pay better than the middle so they'll draw a crowd
and then prompt someone to play a dump machine in the middle of the aisle this is info from deep within from deep within well guess what my
personal experience over the last five years indicates that it's deep within all right I don't want to tell you where Jason
that's where it's deep within
and what's with all these bits huh what's with all these bits
Bill one I sure hope your show gets better you lose it you're fairly is out to get us
what you make and destroy a show
yeah
an
out
and
let me
Yes Walt Let Me
The Independence
by the beauty of the rich.
Yes.
That opair is more what's ever worth.
Huh?
Joyce won't let me.
Well, yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
I'll let you.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh.
I don't want to hear anymore.
It's like, make this sad about me.
Anybody open up now to relax.
I'll take that prisoner.
And I'll tell you that I'm not getting paid for by me.
I'll talk to the destroyer of this shut up.
You deserve to take this.
There's nothing I'll be keeping for you now.
I'll be your buddy.
I won't let you.
I'll talk to you.
I don't know about the problem now.
Get me to work for us.
You know we can't play no part.
It's all good.
Play no part.
The other can't work for us now.
Play part.
Play the trouble for us.
Play part.
Play part.
Play part.
Play part.
One moment please.
Hold on.
I'm putting out the door.
Secret agent man's had before and he's dead.
Why'd you do that?
You know, I nailed him.
Some man who really needs a lot of danger.
I nailed it.
Oh, anyway, getting back to the Phantom Informer in that picture, that guy.
He says, I believe this is the chronic known as Mr. Radio.
He's on your MySpace page.
Is he the same person you remember?
Well, if we remember, we remembered.
I mean, I've never met the person.
Exactly.
I mean, there's a lot of chronic that we have never met.
We've never seen.
He's on your MySpace page.
He said, it was in that figure.
That would figure.
And I'm sure we'll get it denial from Mr. Radio any second now on e-mail.
Oh, no, it's not me.
I don't know.
Yeah, right.
I don't know.
And the Phantom Informer by the way,
he evidently has a lot of time on his hands, too, to be scouring the MySpace page and finding allegedly Mr. Radio.
John and Lake Wurz says, I watched that dunderhead bushy other day, give his last press conference.
The unmitigated gall of this man, who admit to no wrongdoing, for such catastrophes as Katrina and Iraq.
And to think the recession was handed to him is another falsehood.
He just doesn't get it.
His final address to the nation tomorrow should be amusing.
He blames everybody but himself.
I can't wait for him and his so-called administration to disappear into the sunset.
And don't get me started on these right wing Nazis who are espousing that the recession is a result of those who are being because of the incoming president.
Oh, yeah, right.
They're the same morons who are buying guns because they think Obama is going to take the way they're right to own one.
They're buying guns down here in record numbers.
Psycho is only a few more days, Neil, and we turn the page.
But it'll be, but it will.
He says, I'm so worked up.
I got to take a choice, John and Lake Wurz.
How do you like that?
You become a household word, Joyce.
We've made you famous.
Gotta take a.
Curious.
Here is GM 33.021 who alternates between being caustic and attempting to be friendly and supportive and whatever.
He says you are absolutely correct.
And I'll call cashman over steel's your content.
Just this morning he was talking about lums and food.
I'm sure that's all he thinks about.
He's a couple of pounds shy of 500 pounds.
Paul sucks.
And then it says something else.
Well, I can't, I can't read it.
Paul sucks and Ron.
Some things.
Yeah, I mean today, today of all days, I'm not going to like, I'm not going to push the envelope.
Yeah, let's wait till tomorrow.
Maybe I'll play that bit with Oprah where she said, oh, I just farted.
You know that one?
I do.
And I'm not playing.
Mike says I've recently become a regular gambler.
And like you think it's a great time.
I didn't say that gambling is a great time.
I said I enjoy the slots as a hobby.
I didn't say gambling away all your hardener and money is my advice.
Mike, though I can't wait to get money.
You do.
I agree that it's a waste of time unless you max bet.
That's correct.
I like goldfish.
Texas T goes to Ireland and reel them in.
Ever played Texas T?
No.
No.
I hear you talk about quick hit.
Any other you like in particular?
All I play is Wheel of Torture and Quick Hit.
That's it.
It's all I play.
There's a Zidian games.
There's 2000 machines there.
At Woodbine.
But I don't, I don't, I mean what's the point?
I've tried a few of the other ones.
And even got a little bit lucky on a couple of them now and then.
But they don't hold my inners to, and I'm saying.
Yep.
And once in a great while if I'm feeling really, I don't know,
either lucky or desperate, I'll go into the $5 room.
And the $5 Wheel of Fortune machine and I'll take 100 or 200 bucks.
And I'll, and that's my limit.
And I'll stick it in there until I get a spin or hope that I get a spin.
And like the other day, I got a spin for a thousand bucks.
And I took the ticket and I ran out of there, ran out.
Vincent says, oh God, this is enough to make me lay down on the floor
and just kick and scream like a child.
Dear Neil, I don't know if anyone has mentioned this,
but Love 94 is no longer Cool Jazz.
It's Pop and Disco music now.
The call letter is now where WMI is.
And certainly Vincent T.
Oh God, Vincent.
And Abe Lincoln still got a bad headache.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Ancient, ancient news that we've talked about on the show,
Adnauseum before it actually happened even.
So when's I would go to FM?
They're not.
Right.
And when's that big line of change coming across the street?
It's not.
A lot of bad information and bad rumors.
Barry Jackas, you really got screwed, Barry.
They really had you by the balls.
Jay and Cooper City says all your fans talking about burgers is making me hungry.
But the best burger is homemade with ground sausage and ground beef mixed together
and cooked on the grill.
Oh, that sounds good.
He says it'll make you say,
Oh God.
Yeah.
And that sound good.
Ground beef and ground sausage mixed together and cooked on the grill.
Two kinds of animals.
Then you put some cheese on there for triple trough.
Are you starting to not got again?
You heathen bastard you.
I hear his one from chef Sparky.
He says, I notice you go with a Jamaican accent whenever you say the word machine, mon.
What's the secret behind the mystery?
There isn't any mystery.
That's how the islands people say machine.
When I first started going there, I couldn't believe they, oh, it's a good machine, mon.
It's a good machine.
And I hear that all the time.
And so I say it all the time.
By the way, George is a whoo says chef Sparky put your wife to work and stop bitching about money.
Oh, that's his advice.
He's got a good point.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, and you're my bitches back with a real scathing long hostel.
Oh, how the mighty of fallen yoddy yoddy with all kinds of advice.
I got to do that.
I got to do that.
I'll save that for after the break.
It's well almost nothing.
Call me $50.
The illegitimacy is certainly something that I think I document quite thoroughly has been promoted through the media, the courts and the federal government.
No.
No.
One thing we sure can say.
And talk to the disgrace.
And talk to the disgrace.
The threat of right wing violence in a country that is teaming with left wing violence.
Take a breath.
Self-loathing, Dyke.
131 and 560.
You know, the one thing about her that bugs me and the one thing about the media that bugs me is that they just won't forget about her.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, she's sensational, you know.
Every month of condonorship, every time you turn around, they're schlepping her out again.
Oh, here's that colder again to promote her latest, uh, Vile book.
Oh, so speaking of vile, here's your my bitch.
Now, have you ever seen these emails that this, uh, Creighton sends?
No.
The B in bitches made up of the small I and the letter, the numeral three.
I see.
So I guess it's supposed to be really cute or clever or the artsy fortsy or clever thing.
That's right.
Oh, yeah.
You're my bitch.
He says, oh my God, that effing guy who emailed you, thinking you're for eliminating the callers and only reading emails and stories.
Is he serial?
He has to be some mugwampick ass mental defect, especially if he's from Baltimore.
Christ, he can't be serious.
He can't.
He just can't.
He has to be just sucking ass and trying to get on the radio or something like that.
It's all the same shmit.
The beastlies, this jolly Joe that momo doido doido, a gildy shack, norma can't blah.
I can't play this.
I can't play that fart fart raspberry.
Buy.
Do something new.
You're like a monkey hanging from your poles.
Let's see what's on the pool.
Are we only have 200 votes?
Oh, Chris, Chris, pull pull.
Buy.
Why don't you hand George the mic and watch what a real radio show host can do?
Man, how the mighty have fallen instead trying to place blame on someone for the demise of the erudger show.
Why don't you work with what you got?
Take calls.
No, talk about interesting shmit.
No, have a guest or two.
Never play gags on people.
No, host of freaking show.
No, George show him how it's done.
Bad.
Show me how it's done, George.
I'll show you how to do something, but you won't be interested.
No.
Just on and on.
I think it's cast her over myself.
I could be.
Oh, I'm sure of it.
Somebody who listens religiously every single day all four hours.
And sesame.
And he's called another people mental defectors.
Wow.
Judging by the ads I hear on your show.
Your list is visit a lot of strip clubs, but also suffer from a lot of sexual dysfunction.
That must be quite the conundrum.
Quite the condom.
Well, maybe they'd like me to share the 85,000 spam emails I get every day about.
I get to see Alice and Vaguer and Yadda.
There's an awful lot of sexual dysfunction going on out there.
Trust me.
Oh, J.R. is back again.
It repeats the same thing I read on the earlier with all the same misspellings.
Love toca bell.
Good luck in your meeting.
Oh, my God.
Here's one that says I'm over McDonald's in Boka military and glades and they're pouring in here for the 49 cent burgers.
Good.
More power to them.
Oh, my God.
Kevin sends me a long, long one.
You ever see a long one?
Just a small one.
Wonder if Joyce ever dropped a long one.
Is that meaning still on for 230 was it?
No, it was in a joy.
Now you got to dress up for this.
You know, I'm going to put clothes on for the sitting just the way I am right now.
I think he's starting to walk his shirt on in a t-shirt.
A white t-shirt.
I think you should pull it out for the meeting.
I got a white sport coat in a pink carnation.
Oh, there's the bushes again.
Especially when you serve his president.
Especially when you serve.
Oh, what a Yehu she is, man.
What a drooling Yehu.
I wonder she knows Phil Sims.
So let's see what Kevin says.
I love the show.
I don't care what that you play for the four hours.
It makes my work day fly by.
Wish you were on 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Then my day would be complete.
Oh, yeah.
Who do that once?
My wife has been going to the Micah Sookie gambling place for five years now.
She used to do very well every other week coming home with $500 to $2000.
It was great.
However lately, they have changed the machines and she hardly wins it all now.
The difference is night and day.
Shame on you.
You're stinking Indians says Kevin.
Well, that's nasty.
I think Kevin's got a new resolution for 2009.
He wants to be a...
I'm going to kill her.
As far as the five guys, burgers, we went to the one across the street from the 10.
Miami Airport.
Southwest 137th Avenue and 120th Street.
There's a new shopping center there with several stores.
After waiting in line for 10 minutes to order, you're given a ticket with a number.
You go into another line which we ordered to be cooked.
It's loud with an open kitchen and 10 employees calling out numbers both in English and esponial.
It took 50 minutes...
Speak in the English.
It took 50 minutes to get my order between sex and sex divided.
I hope it tables between tables and where you pick up your order.
The burger was so greasy the bottom of the bun fell apart was impossible to eat.
The fries are great, but who the hell goes to a burger joint to order fries?
If you want the best burger available, go to the Outback Steakhouse.
Yes, I know who goes to a steakhouse in order to a burger?
Sometimes changes nice.
In order of shrooms in a burger there is heaven.
Keep it up, fan forever.
Slick.
Thanks, Slick.
How do you like that?
All right.
He's pretty a p-dop.
P-dop.
P-dop.
See if Joyce will let us say that.
P-dop.
No, I know.
You know what I'm not reading the poll?
Contrary to whatever the goofball that retards says.
I'm not reading the poll because I don't like this poll at all.
I hate it.
Stupid.
We do have 486 votes, so I think we can make 500 by two o'clock.
Then that guy will eat his dust.
It's cashed in over.
Wouldn't you just love to know?
Wouldn't you like to be a fly on the wall and see these retards?
No, the fake does.
This one and the fake that one.
When you like to know?
No.
Why not?
There'll be need my notice.
No, they're not.
Yes.
You're just saying that.
No.
You're just saying that to be awful.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Jason from Plantation who definitely has got way, way, way, way too much spare time.
I have no life.
Says, as you well know people don't go to the casino business to loose money.
L-O-O-S-E to lose money.
Have you ever seen a casino go out of business?
Yeah, M.O. Green was losing money.
Maybe he was skimming off the top.
What are you saying?
Except Crooked-ass Trump had says.
Have you ever noticed that you can't tell whether it's day or night weather,
W-E-A-T-H-E-R, whether it's day or night outside while you're inside?
That's right.
There's no windows in the casino or no clocks.
Have you ever noticed a clock inside a casino?
No, I just said they don't have any.
They want you to have no reason to leave the building.
And the rumor isn't vagus.
I don't think so.
I don't know about other places.
That they pump in oxygen to keep you awake and alert and, you know, keep playing forever.
Do you believe that?
They pump in oxygen?
I heard that story.
I don't know if it's true.
Well, do you believe it?
Come on, don't be such a skeptic on your life for crying out loud.
I believe- see, it goes back to the agnostic things.
There are things that are in evidence.
Those are the real true things.
And then there are things that are not in evidence.
Those are big who knows.
You're never going to know.
So I don't know.
Do you care?
No.
No.
I'd like them to.
You'd like them to pump in oxygen?
Sure.
Pumping all kinds of stuff.
Pumping some nitrous.
Living it up a bit.
Oh.
If you're going to just play for fun and not worry about any winning strategy at all, then spend some time on dealer-no-deal machines at the hard rock.
Says Jason from Plantation.
Jason, I'm going to block you pretty soon.
I mean, you're an okay guy, but you're just annoying.
He's another one of these guys that wants to do like an ongoing show, Him and me, you know what I mean?
That's his idea what the emails are for, Him and me.
Give it a rest, Jason.
Calm down.
Eric says, I'm the lawyer listener, which sent you the email this day about the video coming out of Dubai.
Just wanted to know if you took a minute to watch the video and what you take.
I know I did not.
I agree with the woman in which was being interviewed.
Thanks for the great radio, says Eric.
Who's got some literacy problems? Is that a kind way of putting it?
The woman in which was being interviewed?
No, I didn't watch it. I don't watch links and I don't watch videos and I don't have time to pop sequests.
She fakes orgasms. I fake four plays.
The pop, Smobstow.
The pop, Smobstow.
God, even the grass. The pop, Smobstow.
He likes his fucking mask. The pop, Smobstow.
He's included, he heads as a pop, Smobstow.
The pop, Smobstow.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Guys, I am a killer in faking higher facts.
Womps and Womps get thrown on breath. Jesus breaks our facts.
Jesus, places super happy, never shops junk.
Womps and Womps get thrown on breath. Jesus breaks our facts.
The pop, Smobstow.
They give him the grass. The pop, Smobstow.
He likes his fucking mask. The pop, Smobstow.
He's included, he heads as a pop, Smobstow.
The pop, Smobstow.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
He's now taking two line up there.
He's two footchef, he'll all watch out.
Till forgot to take your pillow.
Nice, he's got it, join set.
Taking pills, if not a joke, far ain't proven, Pope.
Bustin' so it can be a took a narrow one.
It's smoked. Oh. The pop, Smobstow.
Guy gave him the grass. The pop, Smobstow.
He likes his fucking mask. The pop, Smobstow.
He's included, he heads as a pop, Smobstow.
The pop, Smobstow.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. The pop is getting higher.
The pop is getting higher.
The pop is getting higher. The pop is getting higher.
The pop, Smobstow. He's got it in the grass.
To come on my brother and will save me in death.
And raised the island in U.K.
It makes a message before this cost of email from Everard Johnson.
What kind of a name is that Everard?
I don't know.
Neil did my ears deceive me.
Did you just say you like something from Britain?
Well, he's not from Britain. He was from New York.
So it took a great actor to die so you could acknowledge this.
I think it's time to hold a ticket tape for Raiden to have dancing girls or boys in your case,
converting merely in the streets.
I always wondered why you went to Canada to live, was it to be amongst what we've brits called the
Civilized Americans with some British mannerism, since, surely, Everard Johnson.
No, we don't have any brits here.
And believe me, other than that whole queen thing on the currency,
they're just as nauseated with that whole British royalty thing as anybody else.
Any other civilized, sane people.
And Patrick McGuin, let me say to you, was born in Astoria, Queens, New York,
and raised in Ireland, and later on, U.K.
I see.
When we sold enough to no better, I see.
And there's plenty of British, like how about the Basil Rathbone and what's his name?
Nigel Bruce, Shylock Holmes and what's it, Dr. Watson?
Razzle Bathbone.
Razzle Bathbone.
As British as they come, I love him.
Jimmy Dorsky says, I know you're in Canada now, but any plans to celebrate the end of the Disaster's Administration next week.
Believe me, everybody here is going to be dancing in the streets.
They hate him like poison.
They hate him.
I'll be a work on inauguration day, but that evening, I plan on sipping on a few gallons of scotch,
reading a huge sigh, relief, and then pass out.
Then I'll wake up to what hopefully will be a new and better checker in this nation's history.
Anything will be better.
We got 500 votes on the poll.
How do you like that?
Eat your heart out, Mr. Muirmybitch.
Castanova.
I first found your show right before the 2000 election when I became sick of the garbage on mainstream FM radio,
and decided to see what's on AM.
You spoke of all kinds of dirt on the Bush crime family that I never heard before, along with your brand of humor, which is right up my alley.
Brackdom, he says.
I've been a huge fan ever since.
Your show has been one of the few bright spots of past eight years.
So thanks for the last year's hoping we get this sinking ship afloat again.
Take care, gotta get back to work.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Have a great life, Jimmy.
See, some people actually will take the time to write something positive.
Not too many, especially not from South Florida.
Right.
Which is probably why that one guy, Jay, was in Baltimore.
He's probably had a, you know, a change of heart.
Now, is that meeting still on for 230 or can I go, yeah, man?
What do you mean, yeah, why are you saying like that?
As if.
As if what?
As if they're going to cancel this meeting after all this hoopla in preparation.
What hoopla?
The m- you know, mailing or a-
I never even got the memo that you got that you sent me.
I got it now.
Yeah.
Well, why should we be any different?
I had to ask for my copy.
You had to ask for your copy.
It's just confidential on it, by the way.
Don't read it on the air.
I didn't and I won't.
If I know what's good for me.
Oh, my God.
This is like.
Eight-off Hitler holding a seminar on anti-Semitism.
That's what it's like.
It's ding dong school, baby.
It's like Jeffrey Dahmer holding a school, a seminar on.
What child care?
A child care would be good.
There's several, you know, and he could fit into the category.
Child care is good.
I think it's a give a cooking class.
With your buddy.
Richard says, hang in there.
I listen to your show quite a bit on the internet because much of my work's done on computer.
It is so much better on days when you don't take telephone calls.
I'd rather hear bedtime stories any day than listen to the drivel that comes from the no-life callers.
Hey, maybe you're meeting this afternoon.
We'll be about lobbying the new FCC to allow freedom of speech over the airwaves.
Wouldn't that be great since Rick?
Yeah, it would be great.
Our orman by the seas were Rick sang it out.
That would be great, but that's not what's going to happen.
Because these people don't really care about freedom of speech or about the first amendment.
What they care about is how many spots we can run through here and how much.
Just give us the FN money.
Is what it's all that?
It's a horror business.
It's not just these people.
It's the business.
It's a horror business.
Well, I got a good education here.
Although how many pages did this thing run?
My God.
There's nothing worse than somebody sending you a thing like six pages.
CasinoLor from Snowp's.com.
Thanks, Mama Bee, but a little bit over the top of all the pages.
Well, on a day when I can't afford to waste any of my fax pages.
Claim.
Casino's pump extra oxygen onto the gaming floors during the early morning hours to keep tired patrons from heading off to bed.
Status.
False.
I'm going to have to check out that website, snowp's.com.
You haven't before?
No.
It's a good site.
Why do you ask I haven't before?
Oh, because it's the kind of thing that would be right up your alley.
It would?
No, no, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Okay.
Is he there.
Is he there.
He is me.
You know I'm no more than sneg green.
Sure.
Sure.
I don't see her on radio or television anymore.
I don't see her on radio or television anymore.
You she got off full days.
You got off full days.
You think we look good."
Ok.
You're, somebody that you signed up for the participate card
The only one on the radio that makes me smile is Jane Cooper City.
Nice going, Jay.
Grab their money and run out the door.
Race out the door.
Don't let them catch you.
Pumping oxygen also would be a tremendous fire hazard.
Points out one emailer.
Never thought about that.
Very, very good point.
Anybody got a match?
You're breaking a couple of hearts.
The best town of people is your budget.
It's day.
Oh, if I have the town.
At five, six, oh, WQA.
Goodbye, Bush administration.
I wish you painful urination.
You certainly left your mark on American history.
Like a giant ground DVD street.
We oughta pick out all your teeth.
Just like Mussolini, we'll need some time to recover
from eight years of rape by our Christians and the Jews.
If your proud to say that you're an NBA,
then you'll assume it's a cue.
It goes like you.
We make our acts as wrong without any use.
And that's where all you snug white,
we're scorned with a cup.
Everything you ever knew is completely wrong.
Whatever it is, you've colored your colors.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of death, Calif.
And your own for Miami, Dolphins, football.
4th, radio, 560, WQA.
Miami, court Lauderdale.
Sometimes I want to cut out those nuts.
Sometimes I don't.
Debrawak talks down the blacks, but they don't.
And so everybody now thinks I'm nuts and should shut up.
