And get crazy with this thing.
Don't you know I'm local?
560.
Don't catch me.
Presents The Neil Rogers Show.
Detraught to Neil, dial 560.
560.
Indayed and Broward.
In other counties, call toll free.
877.
785.
Neil, or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his collars,
do not represent those of WQAM management, staff, or sponsors.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
On 560, WQAM.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
The following announcement is paid for by Adidas, Nike,
the Cleveland Cavaliers, and Haynes Underwear.
Yo, what's up?
This is LeBron James.
Give me little love.
Come on, boy.
I'm a basketball phenom on an Acron, Ohio.
Come in.
Home of Firestone Tires for your card, truck, or SUV.
Can I get a little bit of love on a Firestone Tires?
Here's my brother.
Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for a
rest of the season.
Oh, man.
I know, right?
And declared me unintelligable or something.
Yeah.
Because I accepted two old-school sports jerseys.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
What?
I don't understand what the hell I done wrong.
Unlike most people, I got lots of birthdays during the calendar.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And I know, you know, I know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, your brothers, and family a group.
will go on name. They say they be honored to have me. They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman
Direct from Russia
Which I keep from my old boy, right? I haven't unpacked it yet
But she's knocking and screaming and whatnot. I have my boy Tyrell here puts it in a garage with my box of cougar
And from my unnamed university closely associated with a Wolverine
I got to get back to class now with my boys
I already missed like three months so far. Oh
I just built my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo boss suit. Look at this. I got a little McDonald special sauce on there
Well, by the way, come on up party with a big Mac
We're for a limited time you visit one part to speed him down. It's about big make you get no one for 35
Is it worth it? Yeah, yeah, peace out. The preceding has been paid for by foot locker an unnamed university in the nutmeg state and
Deaf comedy jam. Oh boy. I don't want to hear his name ever again, you know, what what is it with these
Sports nerds they get a hold of one guy and they just they just become obsessed
Obsessed. Yeah, he didn't shake hands. He didn't do this. He does that. Who cares?
Exactly if I never heard his name again would be too soon and what kind of a guy's name LeBron anyway? What kind of a name is that?
I'd say it's American. Oh, seriously. What kind of a horseball name is LeBron? Do you know anybody else? Hey, LeBie
I thought LeBie is LeBron LeBastard. Isn't that LeBie? Yeah, but that's his last name
Yeah, that would be kind of a bad first name LeBastard. Hey LeBotard Jones. How you doing? I don't know. I don't get it
Hyman Rath says don't listen to the big dog often, but whenever he has a single male guest on he invariably asks them
Uncomfortable questions about their sex lives. He isn't just concerned with how Drew Rosen Schwartz is doing with the ladies
Joe has to be the most sexually frustrated married guy ever and I know all about the inevitable leg lock that occurs in most relationships
Uncle Leo, you have some lovely lady listeners. Maybe they can explain why they shut it down for no apparent reason
Sometimes a envy you gay guys with all your sex parties
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha your sex parties. Oh, yeah, let me know when the next one is
Maybe Joe Bell will be the pivot man because he keeps every day he's emailing every day or texting email and whatever
Leave me alone Joe. Just go away. Don't go away mad. Just go away. You bother me. Which of course is his intent?
as you know
I'm sitting in my machine losing my aunt yesterday
It would bind and all of a sudden my blackberg
Yeah, like that and I look at it's a jolly joe belligan not not calling
Thank God emailing texting
Tell me about all of the numbers came out a day early and you went up quite a bit
But still got a long way to go but I'll call you tomorrow
We can discuss it and we can discuss that new studio how's the new studio now you tell me ain't gonna be ready till maybe Monday
I'm saying money at the latest
Could be the one of these could which Monday which month and which year now they're working on it hard
So I mean it should be ready. Yeah, they're working on it hard. I'll write. How about the studio? Yeah, that's you soon the phone
Say no dots. Oh, well that nothing see now. This is also the story keeps changing every day
I got the update today
Basically what he said is that the IT guy that has to take the firewall poke a hole in it so your phone system could work
Mm-hmm would have to redo that whole process again once the new studio is ready
So they're just gonna wait to do it all at one time. No sure. We wouldn't want to have to do that again. No
So that means no phones today no phones tomorrow and then on Friday when you're working no phones Friday
No, I'll take phones on Friday. Oh, will you cuz I have the dots? Oh you have the dots there
That's right and you can control it you have the control over it as opposed to here
Which if I had you punch him up I have no control right?
Roscoe says you better know your steely Dan lyric semester because you sure don't you sing in a plaintive and sarcastic voice
Are we out of gas are we out of gas sir the correct lyrics are is the is there gas in the car? Yes, there's gas in the car
Perhaps while not poetic genius. It's at least is compelling and artistic as in the year 25 25 if man is still alive if woman can survive
Yeah, that song suck large ones Jesus. I'm thankful. I never have to be subjected to another zagoran ever song
He says I think that song was great in the year 25 25. Okay
You don't like it no
Zagoran Evans in the year I thought that was a fabulous song. I loved it as as opposed to
Is the gas in the car? Yeah, I mean what differences make what the lyrics are it's just the same pseudo intellectual clap traps garbage
I hate to do it in oh this spies it
But he says sir in your polls you should ask which people songs movie etc that we dislike the most as spokesperson for your South Florida audience
I can tell you we are much more emotional and passionate about things we hate oh, I know that I know that
And then this part of this is just tragic also sir
We would appreciate if you'd be more consistent with the types of movies that you say you like and the movies you recommend to us
Your appreciative audience
Yeah, I should be more consistent
About what you like that's right. I should like what he wants me to like you said you won't watch dreary depressing movies
That well, I don't know about that. Requiem for a dream was dreary and depressing
You can't get much more depressing man. I've watched it about a half a dozen times. I love that movie
When you think that was dreary and depressing yeah, hold drug addiction and oh everybody was on drugs
Sarah was on drugs and Jared was on drugs and the black guy whose name
I don't know what his name was in the movie
La Brune
Yeah, La Brune. Yeah, he was on drugs and of course what's your name Jennifer Conley?
Oh, Marion she was on drugs. She's high big time
She had a real problem. It's a you said you won't watch dreary depressing movies yet
You constantly recommend and tout Glen Gary Glen Ross
That's dreary and the depressing
He says while that movie is a nice venue for some truly great actors to display their talents
It was a serious bag of downers
You just want to reach for some authority and after sitting through it and in closing Roscoe says retire and then he says love you
Neil so it doesn't really mean retire. Maybe who knows who cares?
I
Didn't think it was a downer Redogman Gary Glen Ross in fact
I think I had some of the funniest stuff in history the scene where Pratino is trying to get rid of the guy
Get the guy to the office who's coming back with his wife
Doesn't want to let him buy the buy the property have you made your decision for Christ?
I think it's a some funny ass stuff. Where did you learn your trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for is to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living your company man you fairy
Is that dreary and depressing?
No
It's funny dialogue funny stuff
I'm not seeing the movies are comedy because it's not
Glen Gary Glen Ross is one of the fine movies I've seen in a long time and I had had any complaints from anybody in the audience
It's a doggy why do you recommend that I wasted two hours watching that crap everybody likes it except you Roscoe
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday speaking of everybody like oh, and then I got those numbers. Wow
It's a good thing. We got him a day early so we can regurgitate them
Mm-hmm
By the way, did you notice in teens we have a 1.2 share?
We don't have any teens listening because they're all in school midday, but nevertheless that's how good this research is
We never showed up in teens in well in the summertime we did and
Back in the day before Joyce when we could play the funny cutting it stuff. Yeah, then we did but other than that we don't show up
But now we got a 1.2 share in teens do you believe that no?
And
The night times got a 3.4 the nighttime which back when they had the diaries always had oh point oh like that for a long long time
Oh point oh since Eddie K got blown out now all of a sudden they've got a 3.4 and you want to know why?
Why because this panel as they call it this panel of losers who they selected for this new deal of theirs
They're sports nerds. I'll hell of a lot of them. No needlies in there. Not maybe maybe a couple, you know
But generally speaking sports nerds. Oh point. Oh
And all of a sudden the 3.4 do you believe we got a 3.4 share in minute night? No, there's anybody in the free world believe that
Do you believe we have a 1.3 in this show? No? No
The jolly Joe takes the time to text me at the wood button. I'm sitting there minding my own business losing my ass at a dead machine
Mon and all of a sudden
And
He's threatening to call me again today. Guess what?
I will not answer it if you ever call me again call normal. Okay, have a nice chat the two of you are birds of a feather your matchmaiden
purgatory
Do not call me because I have you have nothing to impart to me when somebody tries to
Validate this new obviously flawed and being sued all over the country system of arbitra and they're trying to make
Oh, well, we have to learn to play the game. We can't play the game because we don't have hardly any needlies on the panel
Don't you love that term the panel?
See back in the day you had a chance because in the old days with the diaries there were 12 weeks to each rating book and
Each week there was a different group of people the diaries were held for one week and
Then they would the second week go to a different group of people and so on for 12 straight weeks
So you had a trinomins chance of them finding some of your audience
When they turn it over 12 times here they're turning it over for the most part every two years
So we might as well just accept the fact that for two years our ratings are gonna suck
No matter how much
Ingenuity joebell comes up with or what he imparts no matter how compelling his thoughts might be
And do I like that?
He did why is gas so expensive?
Son aren't you a little young to be?
Yes prices
Boy, this is hard. Are you sure I can't tell you where babies come from instead?
You know like first you get a woman drunk that should make it easier to get her naked
I want to know why gas is so expensive and then there's the role playing to help people to be embarrassed to talk to your kids about rising fuel prices
Trusted and then of course they'll listen and you can't wear a rubber right?
Because how else would you in pregnant?
Think that you know what it's probably best to explain a woman's cycle first. Yeah, why don't we start with it?
10 17 at 560 wq. I am happy Wednesday to you our new studio is gonna be ready one of these days
Then we'll be able to take phone calls and the dump might work somebody said that Dan La Bastard
Where's that email?
I'll find it here somewhere. Oh, yeah
La Bastard said the effort on the yesterday. Let's see what happens to him. It says oh
Do you believe that?
Maybe why not?
Boy, it seems to be going around doesn't it?
But in any rate here's the pull of final tally from yesterday. They should take us up till midnight
Now the one seven years ago July 1 2002
The top three in or the top two were the same and
Then I noticed the final tally here. They're all switched around which is good
What's the point of taking the same poll seven years later and getting the same result?
We had a lot more votes this time with 850 to the first time
970 this time is not amazing since we allegedly lost 99% of our audience. Yeah
Wall of do-do Mexican radio radio
Had 97 votes the first time 86 votes this time number one never heard it. Well, you played the estate sucks
Climax and precious and few
Was second with 49 had 75 votes the first time only 49 now
So it was a big runaway with wall of voodoo and Mexican radio
Norman Greenbaum, which wasn't even on the pole the first time third spirit in the sky of 47
I wanted you talk about depressing and morbid. Yeah, we added that late yesterday, too
Yes, Norman Greenbaum 47 votes. They just like the name. They think he's Jewish
It seems to me he was like he was born Jewish and then he was like a born again, not I don't know strange guy
Blues image ride captain ride 41 soft sell tainted love also another late edition 39
Should I read all of these is like 5,000 songs that they put on here? No, maybe the top 10
Get out of here. How about the double digit ones? Okay
Top 10 won't kill enough good time. Oh Gloria Gainer. I will survive. That was a very late edition got 38 the neck my
Shirona 36
Alicia Bridges. I love the nightlife 36 Dexies midnight runners come on I lean 35 ace
How long has this been going on 35?
Bobby Day rock and robin 33 Tony Basil and Mickey hey Mickey Mickey that song just absolutely blows
sucks
blows
32
For Mickey Mickey you're so fine the Tony's in possum kingdom that was your edition 28 did well a need award ring my bail
27 civil rights get a job 27 blah blah. Wow. I want candy 26 the five-man electrical electrical band
Signs 24th is electric band what?
That's good. That's good song. It's a great not a good song. It's a great song
It's an outstanding song
Digible planets rebirth of slick cool like that 23. I don't know that's not my music. I just don't get it
That's like LeBron, you know
Shine Hado con or nothing compares to you 19 modern English. I melt with you 18 nothing like a good patty melt
You know with onions and cheese. Oh
God
Waitresses. I know what boys want 18 undisputed truths smiling faces sometimes 16 brandy and looking glass 14
Jean-Night miss the big stuff 14 Sagon kick love is on a way 14 you said they're from for a lot of deal
That's true still don't care
Mazzy star fade into you 13 Laurie London. He's got the whole world in his hands 13
The weather girls it's raining men 12 and they all look just like Tom Brady
Dan lear is one summer night 12 green jelly three little pigs 11. I never heard of that. Yeah, that's a good thing
It sucks. Oh blurr song two 10
Bismarkey just a frie in 10. I'm your frie in and that's saw all the double digit ones
There's a whole bunch of other ones the ones that didn't get any
Free movement. I found someone of my own and Joe public living learned got zero the big oh he'll be on a tube by the way the big rock solid
Oh
Then we got mad dog four to seven in the studio dolphin night seven away where they got that highly a touted 3.4 share at night
Legitly in this latest the bogus sampling are you sure of a zero huh? Are you sure a three something?
3.4 we had threes for all the sports segments and we hit a 1.3 which goes to show you like I told you're a good buddy
Fat ass jolly Joe when we discussed this couple weeks ago when this stuff all started the the panel has got a lot of sports nerds
Which is why at 10 o'clock a lot of Joe's audience goes across the street allegedly and they don't listen to they don't have needlies in this panel
And we're stuck with them for two years. So just get used to it. Joe. Okay. Don't be giving me a song to dance
I'm gonna call you when we can discuss the way I had nothing to discuss. I don't want to talk to you
I don't want to know for me. I don't want to smell you
Okay, just go the hell away. He's gonna teach me how to do a talk show Joe Bell. Okay, I'm compelling right
He is I hate to say it, but he's a real serious ass clown. I
Don't hate to say it, but I just you know, that was like a disclaimer. Sure
Man's relationship with dog moves beyond petting says the sheriff is a picture of this guy from Spots, Slovenia County in Virginia
And Scott who sent this in says does this guy look like Hyman Roth not even a little bit not even a tiny little bit
He's got two eyes and nose in a mouth and a bald head in that I guess in that respect. He looks just like Hyman Roth
You know the listers some of you folks out there need some very serious assistence
Do you think I'm right? Yes, I just I don't get it
I mean this guy looks about as much like Hyman Roth as I look like Hyman Roth in other words
This is the business we've chosen
I've got a Hyman Roth obsession not as much as the sports nerds. I've got a LeBron obsession
I mean Joe gets obsessed with that he must have a man crush on LeBron just like the one he's got on Roger Federer
Don't you mean fag crush a fag crush. Yeah
Well, he's obsessed with Roger Federer. I'll tell you one thing your taste in men is really bad Joe
Let me tell you Roger Federer is ugly as a pile of elephant dung. He is gross
And he's just a dollar-round annoying guy too. I don't know. What's there to like about him?
John Ward is accused of crossing the line with a family dog in Spots, Alvenia, Virginia a
Man's family turned him into police after he admitted to fooling around with the family dog
fooling around. Oh my god
Robert John Ward
66 see my age wow was arrested yesterday for alleged
V.C.ality deputies began investigating Ward after a family member called authorities with the allegation
Ward admitted to a deputy he had touched the dog inappropriately and that he'd had the dog performed sexual acts on him according to the sheriff's orifice
I've had examined the dog found that the her anal glands were swollen the sheriff's office said
Oh my god. My god. Her anal glands were swollen
The accusing road has said the dog had been acting strange for several weeks. I bet
Ward's being held without found at the Rapahonic regional jail
Rapahonic and Spots, Alvenia some strange names in Virginia
I've been a Richmond once many many years ago. I've driven through there a couple times
I guess up 95 but I've never really like hung out in Virginia
Have you no? I
Mean if I had to pick a bunch of places where I really would want to like spend some quality time that would be one of the last is Virginia
But it's for lovers
Is it really well? That's what they say they have those wild gay sex parties that the Shmendrick was talking about?
I guess
Steve your long-time list is has been out of the country unable to listen to you for about three years. I had a vacation
to somewhere and so forth
Well, this is chopped off really bad. What happened to George fired?
budgetary cuts fired
outrageous behavior by Joe Bell and Jolly Joe and Joyce or whatever her name is
Says him on my way to Germany looking forward any suggestions where to go. I'll be close to Italy in Spain
I'm thinking Italy is my first trip
Yeah, well Rome isn't close to a Germany, but nevertheless it's worth going on down there trust me
Or go to Milan the food is crap and the city is crap but go to Milan. You won't like it
See in northern Italy they eat like a lot of risotto, which I don't know about you, but I hate risotto
They use butter in the cooking and in southern Italy they use olive oil
Which is another another reason why in the movie godfather 3 Eli Wallach
I realized he didn't write the dialogue but the thing were the assassin you know and the donkey donkey imitating son there
They're having a big meeting you know and
The assassin is feeding Eli Wallach lunch whatever and
He's eating the bread. Capone capone and then then he
Schmirs on some olive oil, which is very common in southern Italy, and I'm sure in Sicily
and
He acts like oh, it's a bit only olive like it's a surprise. There's olive oil on the table
To dip the bread in I
Mean that would be like say oh, you know a spaghetti sauce on that by it's just just ridiculous
Whoever wrote the dialogue forgot father 3 ought to be on death row along with Sophia Copeland
Especially Eli Wallach for speeding the canola's please
I
The
He's a child with no hitch.
He's quite the size of that rich Dave Gain.
And with all of that girls he really takes here Dave Gain.
As it's fast and just fast in her name.
Oh Dave Gain.
This is Diana Morgan.
We're taking you down to a special report from Dave Gain.
And all you can eat so say is are they his advertised Dave?
Thank you Diana.
We're here at the local supermarket and have gone undercover.
Uh Dave, undercover?
That's right undercover.
I'm approaching the all you can eat salad bar for the seventh time.
Sir don't you think you had enough?
I had to tell this was a buffet.
Yeah but...
No but nothing.
I have to say.
You want to see you?
I heard you say tax and you...
Dave Gain.
Yeah he's 10 feet wide.
He's even bigger than Jeff hot Dave Gain.
Curnt of the fries he's so hot with no size.
Dave Gain.
Okay that's it.
You eat almost everything.
Wait a minute.
Let's go.
I have a not too much.
I'm not drunk.
I'll go out so strong.
Shade, shame, shame.
Shade for you.
That was on 98 points.
Not a really uh...
Oh spickatory start.
1033 at 560 WQA.
I'm in fact wasn't that aligned in the movie network when they were talking about the Howard
Beale show they doing it and not getting a spickatory start.
I think so.
In other words no uh...
Hispanics were watching.
So here's somebody Ricky says the phrase is vermonis for lovers.
Sorry I'm fully you missed that one.
Keep up the good work.
Not Virginia vermonis for lovers.
I've seen Virginia one too Virginia V to for lovers.
Vermont.
Okay.
Says Ricky.
I don't know.
Doesn't matter I'm not going either one of them.
Well Vermont's not bad I guess.
I don't know I've never been there either.
I've been through Virginia and I was in Richmond once.
Maybe I stopped it like a iHOP or something I don't know.
When you're driving up and down the highway i95 or like the Florida turnpike.
Any one of those highways they're always a resilient rest stops and fast food joints.
Waffle house.
Oh yeah lots of waffle houses lots of Mickey D's lots of Burger King lots of Wendy's lots of Kentucky fried.
And occasionally if you're driving like in the right places you get a hearty's.
Hmm.
I'm not sure which I want to do next uh... this uh... these uh... numbers.
Although uh... jolly joe said that uh... it's not compelling to do the weekly numbers.
That's what he told me the other day.
Oh yeah it's not compelling radio.
You know what?
It compels me to tell you blow it out your ass okay.
Get your nose out of this show.
You've done enough damage already.
You've enjoyed and teamed up to do a reputable damage the last three years.
Just uh... go away.
Norman Greenbaum born in November 20th 1942.
Wow.
I'm 15 days older than him.
He was born in Maldon mass.
Singer-songwriter.
He studied music at Boston University.
He's best known for a song's spirit in the sky which sold two million copies in 1969 and 1970.
That is sold over a million by May 1970 alone and received a gold disc awarded by the RIAA,
the record industry uh... association of America whatever that is.
The song with its combination of heavy guitar, hand clapping and spiritual lyrics was a one hit wonder.
Well thank god the song has been used in many films, ads and TV shows.
Greenbaum is notable for the rare achievement of having recorded two one hit wonders.
In 1968 under the name Dr. West Medicine show in junk band,
he recorded the novel to hit the eggplant at H. Chicago.
You knew that?
No.
Well there you go.
What an educational uh... and compelling show this is man.
Greenbaum had a second song in the charts in 1970,
Candy Ham.
It reached number 26 in Canada, number 46 in the USA.
His last chart in America was California earthquake which got up to number 93 in 1971.
Not much of a hit if it gets up to number 93 on the Billboard 100.
In 1971, Greenbaum used crossfire as backing band in 1973,
74 which included a Mitchell Froome in Gary Pill, P.I.H.L.
P.L. Pile.
Okay.
Whoever that is.
Another group, Dr. In the Metix, became a one hit wonder source with their version of Spirit in the Sky in 86.
They had a minor hit with a follow up burn and a hit album laughing at pieces.
And the British TV stars, the Kumar's also became one hit wonders in the UK when they reached number one with
Gareth Gates with the same song in 2003.
Also in 1986 an all-girl punk band called Fuzzbox had a hit with the song as well, Spirit in the Sky.
Interestingly, all there was one hit Spirit in the Sky is considered by many to be a Jesus rock song
with a heavily Christian theme.
Greenbaum wasn't still is a practicing Jew. See, I was wrong about that.
He was inspired to write the song after observing country singers Dolly Parton and Porter Ragoner singing a religious song on TV.
Wow.
Greenbaum lives in Petaluma, California.
He no longer performs in public, continues to promote concerts and lives off the royalties from his songs.
His song Spirit in the Sky is featured on the video game Rock Band 2.
Maybe a little bit too much information, huh?
Good day.
About Norman Greenbaum.
They've also run an interview with Norman Greenbaum. Maybe I can read that.
I don't think so. Not good.
We're going to take calls starting next week.
And interestingly, you were telling tales about how you got those two lunatics nailed to the wall?
I think so.
Do you?
I'm hoping.
Well, don't give up the info.
No.
Here's one that says always thought Spirit in the sky was a goof, especially after the follow-up canned ham.
According to Wiki, Norman still is practicing Jew. I just read it.
That's from the Whistler.
Let's take a look at today's poll. It's another oldie I brought back.
I'm bringing it back all the oldies, you know, because I'm not going to get anything inspirational new from the audience.
181 votes on this poll.
What is your recreation or drug of choice? We need to add to there.
None.
Okay, I'll do that.
Now, we could put on there sugar.
That was down 94.
By the way, whoever sent me his man in Munoz, forget about sending me any more fake Jimmy Cifalus emails.
I'm not wasting my time with him.
I'm not wasting my time.
You think that's a bad move? I think it's a really smart move because they are not the least bit compelling.
Well, here's somebody sent me this, Northern versus Southern Italian cuisine.
Well, maybe if I have a lot of time, I'll get to that.
Okay, none. Did you add that onto our thing here?
I did.
And what about sugar? Do you want to add that as a drug of choice?
Sure.
It's addictive.
So is caffeine.
So is caffeine?
You want to put caffeine?
No, not really.
Well, then no put sugar.
It's not a drug.
Although it certainly is powerfully addictive as any drug.
Oh, yeah.
Once your recreation or drug of choice, 183 votes, alcohol 95, marriage, wini 59, other prescription, designer, etc. 17, cocaine 5, crystal meth 2, heroin 2, none 1, acid 1, ecstasy 1.
And of course, when I recommend those bad movies like Vengeriglen Ross, they start popping the thurzing.
That was one of the most idiotic piles of crap.
Yeah, if I'd be more consistent with my movie recommendations.
Oh, God, the pain, the pain is so great.
Throw me my pills, please.
Go Roger's got 560 behind the scene.
Oh, gentlemen, as you know, there's a new rating system that we're not allowed to talk about.
And here to talk about it is People Meater Mole from the new PPP Pupi Compo Rating System.
Now see here, this new rating system we got here is floralous, why we can dream up any number to the highest bidders.
Now let me ask you a question, okay?
Okay, because I don't clearances on vacationies on a sunny morning, right?
But that bit was obviously not cleared by anybody.
I don't think so.
Oh, well, in other words, I'm not planning it.
Okay, not that I have any problem with it, but it's just, you know, these people are all over the place, you know.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm starting to.
Yeah, you're starting to catch on all over the place.
Michael says I was very happy to hear you speculate last week that Sid Rosenberg might take over afternoons at 560.
You are right. Sid definitely has a big New York mouth, but he also books big time.
Guest does a passionate quirky show.
Yeah, he did a really big number over there in the morning, not.
I would be thrilled if Sid got back on the year.
The only strange thing would be tuning into more than one 560 program per day.
And by the way, La Bastard said the effort on the year yesterday.
So we'll see what happens in this is a guy that's beginning to spy report.
He obviously listens over there a substantial part of the day over there.
Mm hmm.
He's in across the street.
I can't believe that last bit.
I just, you know, everywhere I turn, everywhere I look, it's like all this stuff is blurtin' and squirtin' and just, I don't know.
Now, I don't know about these.
The second week of May, May 7th to May 13th.
That's the latest arbitron crap that we got yesterday.
Right.
The coast is still kicking ass.
They're number two in the morning.
And number one continues to be big.
Paul and Ron, 8.7 share, baby.
Of course, they also did 8.7 in midday.
Big, the coast, background stuff, WMIA.
Had a 7.2 share in the morning.
5.8 in the midday, et cetera.
Anything else of interest?
What about the love spork?
I didn't look.
We didn't look WHDR.
We don't have the 18-34 men.
I don't.
Do you?
I can't get them, yeah.
Well, maybe you might want to take a peek at that because that's his demo.
Because in the morning, they only had a 2.1 share in men 25-54.
Paul and Old Ron had an 8.7 and he had a 2.1.
Which is interesting because the rest of the day parts on HDR
like an afternoon drive that had a 4.6 and a night that had a 6.3,
according to this horse ball system.
Well, the panel, that's the panel, you know.
This is the panel we got and the panel my ass.
WQAM.
3.8 share in the morning.
This is men 25-54.
We went from a .4 in the last to 1 to a 1.3, more than tripled.
And still nobody in the free world believes that number.
Afternoons, Mandog went to a 3.3,
which I think he beat out the Agufball across the street, Labaster.
It looks like all I have is persons 18-34.
Let's see, across the street they had a 2.9,
manned it had a 3.3, so he beat him.
We actually beat them 1.3 to a 1.0.
Oh, oh.
Is there anybody who believes these numbers other than Jo Bell,
who says, I didn't say I believe them,
but this is what we have to live with, it's here, it's here.
Yeah, you're here too, we got to live with you.
That's the really sad part.
Night time, 3.4 we've got in men.
Is there anybody in the history of the human race
who would believe that, including DA?
Now let's see about IOD,
because I'm sure that Manny and Jimmy are sitting over there
on each other's laps, squeezing and hugging.
Are they honest, listed all?
I don't know.
I didn't send you all the pages because it was so long.
I heard it.
Here they be, WIOD in mornings, they had a 4.8.
Middays, that's rush, 5.4.
Afternoons, that's your buddy, Schmidt, 5.8.
And then at night, 3.6.
WIOD, what about INZ with their sports nerd crap?
Are they making any impact at all?
They could get sports nerd, oh, in the morning they've got a,
look at that.
Let me double check and make sure I've got the right number here.
See, unless you're on the right page,
page 5 of 9, I need to get page, oh, you didn't send them all.
No, it's taken way too long, but I can if you want.
No, that's okay.
Who cares about another sports nerd station?
Oh, here it is.
Average weekly, Q in the morning is a 0.
So I guess the share couldn't have been too much.
I can't find the other page, I don't have page 6.
Have you got page 6?
Yeah.
And at the top, what does it say for the share in the morning?
4.5?
Get out of here.
How could they have an average weekly, Q of 0,
and they've got a 4-5 in the morning share?
I don't know, it keeps locking up on me, so I was probably reading the wrong thing.
Yeah, I think you're reading the wrong thing.
Well, you don't have it in print, you have it on your puters at it?
That's okay, nobody is going to have a nervous, nervous craft about the INZ.
Wait, I think I got it.
You got it?
I think so.
It's got an INZ.
Let me see.
Yeah.
Page 5 of 9, page.
I need to 6 of 9, where is that?
This is compelling.
No, this is not compelling.
This is coma inducing.
Share would have been a 0.3.
Wow, yep.
Even we did better than that.
Okay, the fake blob last elacidus says,
how could that young punk flee, hate Stegli Dan, one of the best bands of all time?
You keep running off the older listeners along with Hank Ed Kaplan and Ken Maldon.
No one gives a crap about the young pumps, they have no soul.
Why is WIOT and Fox News getting all the ratings as the country moving to the right again?
No, blah, blah.
You better check the election results from November, okay?
The country is not moving to the right, because those people they vote
with their viewing and their listening.
They're like the religion, the religion is same crap.
You know, the right wingers, they are, it is religion to them.
And they listen non-stop 24, 7, around the clock.
Barry says, thanks for introducing me to the movie Requiem for a Dream,
via the music and then the film, which you so correctly talked up.
Agazuna Fya, ah, ah, eh, what does that mean?
Agazuna F, eh, eh, eh.
When they start hitting me with Yiddish, that even I don't understand,
then I know I'm in big trouble.
Do you understand that what you don't do, you're, ah,
it sounds more German than me, I don't know.
No, it's not German, it's a Yiddish, ah, it sounds more German.
Well, what you know about Yiddish, man, I could sick in the thimble
and have room for Joyce's ass left over.
Pretty much.
You've got to be kidding me.
Here's one that says, hey, I miss the hell out of George,
but Flea is doing a good job.
When the summer schedule starts, so I'll start drinking, says Ed.
Oh, poor Ed, Ed is so chronic.
Hey Ed, what are you trying to tell us?
I have no life.
Get a life.
Philip says, you guys left out the obvious winner
and yesterday's poll, ah-haz, take on me.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
I wonder if John Lever recorded that.
Uh-huh.
Also, I'm a 20-year-old male who's listened, listen religiously ever since my
biological father was opposed to Catholic father, turned me on to you.
At the time, you just developed your fag crush on Enrique Glacius
and played great bits like Sofa, King, and Star Trek Vulcan bit.
Both were awesome and both shall be missed greatly.
They really want to stick it to you, Gramps, and I wouldn't let them.
F. Joe Smell or watch out for the Flea.
I wouldn't be surprised if he was among responsible for your mishap
and George's departure.
He is Joe's close personal ass liquor and all.
Take care and be a bless, says Evil Al.
Evil Al, Evil Al doesn't trust him.
No.
I'm sure you're very distraught about it.
Yeah, I think I'll see you okay tonight.
Will you?
I will too if I don't get that stupid phone call.
Oh, I'll call you tomorrow.
I don't know you want.
Percy and Miami Lakes says Neil, the numbscall who you did not like your
recommending Glingury Glen Ross is absolutely no taste in movies.
The Alec Baldwin speech at the beginning of the movie has to be one of the most
compelling scenes in American cinematography.
How do you like that? It's compelling.
Hmm.
Not just good.
Oh, the fake Johnny Dolan says me a thing very boring about getting drugs out of a
vending machine.
Here's one says I like sniffing glue.
Not on the pool unless my glue sniffing has caused me to miss it.
Hey, you want to put sniffing glue on here?
I had one other one say that.
Yeah, we could also add huffing gas.
I know the kids do that.
Huffing gas?
Yeah.
Oh, my, it depends on what kind of gas it is, I guess.
Pretty expensive to be huffing gas these days, wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
Neil, if this deal to sell the Panthers goes through, you'll be able to buy stock in the Panthers
in the public stock market.
Actually, they can already buy shares in the company that's proposing to buy the team
although they haven't completed the firm.
Why do I want to buy stock?
Why do I want to do with that?
Although it's a good thing, Ellen Cohen is getting out of it because he is just demolished
at franchise.
He is just butchered it.
Right on down the line butchered, nice going, Ellen, that was down 75 points.
Oh, and there is Obama with the King Fowl, what an Abdul Azaziz.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices, by the way, not.
And we have a week American dollar, not.
I noticed that Obama doesn't hold hands with the Saudis like his predecessor did.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Bandar Bush, holding hands, drinking fine wine, smoking big fat, stoke ease up on a White
House balcony.
And then you do a Joe Biden, so Ian, for Ogees and Chichiro, more of them from the other
time, I think the Saudi king is talking to you this.
And now they're so Ian and we look at our way of Saudi, when we're acting.
Because what kind of a president is this, a skinny schwarz here?
What is that?
And then he says, isn't he from the NBA?
I wonder if LeBron knows the president, do you think?
Maybe.
Because pretty soon I think that's going to be the new format, all LeBron all the time.
I'm going to put that Jimmy and Danny to shame.
Oh, Neil!
You have a thing to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Oh!
Any questions?
Dude, let's talk about an 18 year old who wants to train.
That's the answer out of the view.
That's not right, man.
Being sport holds makes it our business to pry into a family's decision on how to raise
their kids, right?
Yeah, dude.
Cheers!
Sports is too hard for you.
Man up, bitch.
Like all you sissy's you don't want Michael Victor play again.
So what?
He killed a few dogs.
What's that got to do with sports, man?
He's a great athlete and not to mention makes great vapor up, too.
Absolutely.
I agree with everything you say.
Me like Hitler could really dance a good polka, man.
He could have been on dancing with the stars, dude.
Tinnig Vey, he was a huge baseball fan.
And he could have had a show right here.
Oh, yeah.
You see that guy in LeBronworth?
No.
He would eat the brains out of his victims, dude.
Cool.
I love those guys.
That's just a kind of competitive spirit we need in sports.
I absolutely agree with everything you say.
If they have the ability to play football, if they have the ability to play baseball, if they have the ability to play basketball,
I say man up, bitch.
Let them play, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm kidding, just kidding.
No, that's really my view.
News of next.
Or maybe not.
New carries.
What's this?
You got to do sports.
That good point.
1101 at 560 WDQAM.
That was down 75 point.
Anybody care?
No.
Anybody got any stock, any money?
No.
If you do ascend it to us, we can use it.
I'll take it to Woodbine and triple it for you.
Guaranteed.
Or maybe not Guaranteed.
But I'll give it my best shot.
Robert from Seattle says, I listened to your archives and heard you rant and rave about doubt and the neighbors so I decided to watch both of them.
I thought that doubt was a great movie with great performances by all the actors involved.
As for the title of the movie, I must say I don't have any doubt about the father's actions in history at prior schools.
What we moved out is the call that the mother superior said she made to his last school.
If he was innocent, why did he leave his position at the school?
You agree with that?
I couldn't quite figure that part out why he left.
Did she rat him out a little bit and he just left because they wanted to get him out of there or he'd leave on his own?
Who knows?
Right.
One actor should get mentioned is the actress Violet Davis who played the Black Boys mother.
Everybody agrees with that.
Her performance with Meryl Streep is that they were walking together with Excellent.
I especially remember when she kept saying it was only until he graduated in June.
Shhh.
Yeah.
As for the neighbor, I didn't care for it at all and didn't see it all the way through.
Jesus, are you kidding me?
That is just amazing to me.
I think that Lee is your official sidekick producer should get an email address on the NeoRage's webpage
so when he does the summer shows, we can email him with comments and material.
Also, Lee on your summer shows, please don't have the Derby Girls or Lucy Lopez on.
No Derby Girls.
And what about Lucy Lopez?
Nah, she's downstairs now so.
So what?
So she won't make it up here?
She won't?
In other words, you don't want to run the show.
I'm just going to say it.
Don't give me that she's downstairs.
If you wanted to run, she'd come waddling up the stairs.
I'm sure.
But you don't want to run, right?
And I don't think she waddls.
Well, whatever she does,
scurry up the stairs.
Scurry is probably better yet.
Maybe in the old days, she would scurry with Kid Curry.
Remember, Kid, did you know Kid Curry?
I did.
He was a good guy and he vanished under very bizarre circumstances.
He just, you know, one day he was there and the next day he was not.
But you know this business.
That's the way it works.
One day you're there and the next day, oh, I don't know what happened to him.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and don't forget you wanted to mention the High Life Cafe event happening today.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
And maybe I'll find it.
Let's see.
Here it is right here.
See how organized I am?
Oh, yeah.
Chuck Smith at the High Life Cafe suggests a quick reminder about High Life Cafe Wine Dinner
on June 3rd.
That's tonight.
There's still a few spaces available for this amazing dinner.
There have been a couple of wine changes for the better, I think he says.
If you'd like to check out the menu with wine pairings, go to HighlifeCaffee.com.
Click on the Specials tab.
That's H-I-L-I-F-E. HighlifeCaffee.com.
And don't forget about Chef Carlos's next cooking class, June 17.
Good guy, Chuck, and great food at the High Life Cafe.
So that's tonight.
You going to go by?
Maybe I might.
I love that place.
George did too.
I haven't heard anything from George in several days now.
Hope he's okay and hope he's still alive.
I think Curtis talked to him on Monday and said nothing new.
Surely, Jan says, you know, surely that brought the 40 bucks to Georgia Calfstein that day?
Who I thought was a really nice lady and she probably is, but she doesn't like you.
That's okay.
She says, I'm a long time listener and a great fan, but flea is another beast.
Well, that's a shot.
Obviously, he has money, so it doesn't even come from the show.
You're loaded, aren't you?
Oh, man, it's crazy. How much cash I got.
Bucket.
Surely, surely, since I do believe now that he's stabbed George in the back and will do it to you,
the first chance he gets. Watch your back.
Wow.
Watch your ass.
Let go.
Says, surely.
Okay.
I guess you won't be bringing stab me in the back.
Yes, you won't be bringing me any money if we're back at a gallstone, ain't that true?
No, no, no. That's for damn sure.
Damn.
She'll bring a bag all right.
There'll be something in it within a Roma.
An aroma that could put you into a coma.
Well, here's that thing about conquistor.
I read it yesterday.
I still got stuff from yesterday with the one hit wonders.
Oh, my God.
We need a whole, we need a slew of emails today.
Neil at NeilRogers.com.
We need a lot of stuff.
Can't take any calls because the phones aren't working yet because we're not in our new studio,
which was promised to the end of this week.
And then now we're saying Monday, maybe.
I'm saying money at the latest.
At the latest.
I just, I think you're saying that kind of like tongue in cheek.
Lucky you yourself don't believe it.
Well, I mean, there are just so many bizarre things going on.
Like you like yesterday, we had a double dose of bizarnas and Corsa was right in there.
With his finger on it.
Mike Johnson says, just finished listing your first two shows back this week on my plane ride to Tokyo.
Nothing better than to have two broadcasts of your show to help pass the flying time.
As I'm getting ready to continue on my journey for another seven hour flight to Singapore,
I'm currently downloading the Thursday show to get through this flight.
This is from Friday, May 29.
Land this past Friday.
Also, I checked out the movie doubt on the plane based upon your discussion excellent storyline.
However, it seemed to end abruptly, though I guess that's what the writers wanted,
leaving us to decide did he do it or did he not?
Didn't you tell me George hated that movie?
He did.
Well, maybe he didn't like that.
He doesn't like movies that don't have a closure.
Right.
It says I'm guessing that Thursday was probably the magical day that flea got in the brand new near Rogers finished studio.
Oh, yeah, I hope you killed him in Mohawk.
Oh, poor Mike.
Mike is delusional.
Mohawk sucks.
Number one, I was there 20 minutes and flew out of there.
And number two, a new studio still ain't ready.
I don't want to say that this move into the new building was a premature situation,
but it was badly, badly, badly handled.
So I keep getting these emails about the Humper really doing the sports update and the traffic on 790, two nights ago.
It happens.
Steve's alone told me he heard it.
He heard it.
And what's it all about?
I don't know.
Just just for Yox's edit.
I think so.
Boy.
I think it's not so much a reflection of the fact that Hank wants back on ear or that,
or the fact that he likes them over there, just just a way of giving a stuff to this place.
Oh, yeah.
Which I actually don't blame him for that.
And neither would anybody else.
Wandsist, thank God, Neil God is back.
Nobody will ever replace you.
Yeah, that's what you think.
Who can do a four-hour show by himself with little or no help from your producer?
I do have to admit, flea is pretty good and so was DA.
So was DA?
Oh, my God.
Those three days from hell?
I don't think they can do the show by themselves yet, but they're coming along.
George was the same way.
He was pretty bad in the beginning, but they developed his own style.
And it was a nice change of pace.
Like I said, before DA was good when he was talking about General Topp,
his I don't mind little, very little sports talk, but please,
cause from retards wanting to analyze why the Marlins are losing.
They stink and nobody cares.
Neil, you can take your vacation and peace because I will be listening to flea and DA during the summer.
DA is not going to be on during the summer.
Were they coming up with that crap?
I don't know.
I hope George gets a job soon, love you, Neil, says one.
Well, thanks, one.
But DA is not going to be on.
I guess because of those three days, they're assuming that he and whoever else was on with them
are going to be the summer replacement.
Not going to happen.
It's going to be flea and cortisol.
I'm told, right.
Is that correct?
No tapes.
No tapes.
Absolutely positively.
No tapes.
So we're told.
Is it true that Tim didn't wear underwear because he had the thing about germs in place of boxes or brief?
He wore the pens because it was more sanitary.
Who the hell is Tim?
Oh, tiny Tim.
Oh, since you're the all-knowing deity, is this really true?
I don't, I don't know and I don't care.
Why would anybody care?
I don't know.
I've heard that too, though.
Joe and Hollywood gives me a spy report about Mr. Ego and we don't care.
We don't publicize that show.
We don't go there.
And either is anybody else.
I don't think they show up.
But we barely moved the Richter scale.
For one thing for me to be talking about ratings with this new system, I can't do it anymore.
I can't knock anybody else's numbers because we, according to these people, don't have one.
We got one, but it's just embarrassing.
Although we're moving in the right direction and we still have a way to go.
Oh, and bap bap bap bap.
Yeah, I'll call you tomorrow.
No, you won't.
That was down 85 point.
And the emails are just, you see what it's turned into.
It's like with a phone call.
When you're building a pool like yesterday, one hit wonders or best singer, male singer of all time, like we did last week.
Then the emails are pouring in.
They're just, I mean, there's just papers all over the floor and on the ceiling and on the walls.
And it's funny because they're always telling you what you should like.
Oh, yeah. Well, that's nothing new.
Nothing to do with all like Shaw Shank.
I haven't watched it.
I have no intention of watching it.
You may like it.
And Schindler's list.
I haven't watched that either.
It's sitting in the other room.
I've never seen that movie.
Well, you better get with it, mister.
If you want to be a little bit more Jewish.
You better watch her of Schindler's list.
Or else.
Oh, me, you.
I, sir.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With Juke and Usect on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my life.
You've broken the doors are out of the air.
You've beaten the hell out of the air.
Remember when we used to post him back in Caribbean jam?
You know, we ought to get a bunch of finished ladies.
Now what's the cooler?
Get away from my own home.
You've beaten the hell out of the air.
What the hell was that?
I object seriously.
So, you're better than me like that.
Felt like I think somebody's coming!
Get away from my own home.
You've beaten the hell out of the air.
Get away from my own home.
Get away from my order of the help.
You faking M.F.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my order of the help.
You faking M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Car alarm now
and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my order of the help.
You faking, faking M.F.
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen Car alarm now available at all Zairstoy.
116 at 560 WQAM.
We don't have a restaurant deal this week for tomorrow.
No.
Well, that's a shame.
Yeah.
I was ready for free food.
Well, too bad you lose.
But I'm sure we'll have one the following week.
In the new studio.
Yeah.
If we're in the new studio by the following week.
Berries says I can't believe you have reeled against Randall Terry
for discussing comments against Dr. Tiller.
What is it to say about Randall Terry who's a nut job that we haven't said a million times over the years?
While this may be a tired issue, yes, you have the form to blast the right wing pro-life nuts.
Hope I can hear your correct thoughts, says Barry.
Here's Barry.
Tell me what to talk about what to say.
The Randall Terry is a lunatic.
Just like the guy from Kansas.
What else is the name that goes to all the funerals?
The homophobic lunatic.
Fred Phelps.
Another lunatic.
They've always been crazy and they always will be and they still are.
Boy, I'm going to tell you, I may rush through this segment because Joyce is not far away.
Uh-oh.
Heavy load down the road.
I wonder what that's all about.
Speaking of that, well, let's see what this one is.
Not a whole lot coming in, but it's strange.
Hey, Neil, I'm the guy who lived in Hawaii in 2007 and eight had all the problems there.
Really?
I moved to Charlottesville, Virginia in February this year and we relocated.
It's where the University of Virginia is located.
The city was rated in the top 10 small cities to live in over the last 10 years.
Listed at number three.
Charlottesville, Virginia.
Do you ever hear that?
Nope.
I've heard of Charlottes Charlotte, North Carolina.
People seem to be nice, but it was only there's a lot of hillbillies up there.
They must stay to themselves in the mountains.
I lived in the keys for 15 years and visited the Miami area on a regular basis, basics.
And I know all too well about rude people.
The hell would Joe Bell as you'd go across the street?
Don't forget to look both ways while crossing Joe.
Wow.
And he's talking about the other people.
Strange.
Strange email from a strange guy, no doubt.
Authorities revoke the licenses of a South Carolina funeral home in its director.
After he admitted one of his employees cut the legs off a six foot seven man
without the family's permission so the corpse would fit in the casket.
A casket, a casket.
He wanted to squeeze him in the casket.
The state board of funeral services voted unanimously Monday to close K.
funeral home in Allendale.
The board also fined funeral director Michael K.
500 bucks ordered him to pay $1,500 for the investigation.
An agreement with the board, Kave said employees never told James Hines family
that his body might not fit in the standard casket.
An unlicensed worker, Charles G. Kave, cut the legs with electronics electric saw
without consulting relatives.
Hines widow has said his legs have been cut off between the ankle and calf
and put back in the coffin, but the document didn't detail exactly what happened.
Michael K. did not immediately return messages left at his home in Venice on Tuesday.
A phone number listed for Charles K.
in Allendale was disconnected.
The funeral report is drawing up its final order and several members refused to come
until the documents were signed by Kave and filed with the state.
Whether K.
Can ever reapply for his license will be determined in the final order.
Hines 60 died in October of 2004 skin cancer and his family picked out a standard
size casket at the funeral home.
His wife Anhein said her husband's body was only shown from the chest up at the funeral
and nobody suggested a longer casket.
I guess that is a Dalima, isn't it?
I would think so.
What do they do with low-beast people?
Panel case.
Anhein said rumors about what happened to her husband's body started spreading.
Soon after he was buried, Hines,
an albino black man with civil modest hits in the 70s as a soul and funk guitarist
with Jay Hines in the voice, was well known in the town of 3700 people about 75 miles west
southwest of Columbia.
He became a preacher later in his life while don't all folks become preachers later on in life.
Playing his guitar during services at the church he built and on a nearby Christian radio station until his death.
The widow threatened to sue K.
funeral home and the witness agreed to settle out a court as long as she didn't tell anyone how much she received.
Anhein said workers never told her what happened to her apologized.
Authorities eventually caught wind of the rumor leading a funeral service board investigator in county corner to resume Hines' body.
It's been overwhelming, Anhein said.
I've gotten lots of calls to support also from people who said I should have just let this go.
Let it go, Anne.
They chopped off his legs to squeeze him in a casket.
It would have cost a lot more for a much longer casket, I would think.
Wouldn't it?
Not having any expertise in that area.
Maybe we've got some casket people in the audience.
Think?
I would think so.
We've got some stiffs, I know that.
Especially that email from the guy who used to be in Hawaii and he's here in there.
Well, they charge you for everything in this funeral home, so I'm assuming that an extra long casket would be extra money.
Yeah, Derek, we know who a Randall theory is, okay?
Oh, Brian, the beast London says.
Charlotte's Villa is where UVA is, it's a great college town, very affluent and very white, says the beast.
Very affluent and very white, limi white.
276 votes on the poll.
What's your recreational drug of choice?
Alcohol 140.
Merit, Jeweanie 75, none 24.
Other prescription designer at setter in 19.
Cocaine 6, heroin 4, crystal meth 3, ecstasy 3, hash 1, acid 1, huffing gas none, sniffing gas.
I'm not saying glue none.
So you have never really ever want to stand there.
Why do people tell us to put stuff on there and then they don't vote for it?
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
If I do the break, we're like right now, it's a little bit early, but I'm going to make a run.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll get back, you have no fear.
You know me.
Okay.
That's my area of expertise is a quick run.
Neon God.
What would you like a little beer to start the fun?
On the fifth of May we all drink Corona.
Free brand means that no one has done.
Gets me the runs.
Rather have a liquid lunch with my Corona.
If we drink too much, we'll throw up.
That Corona's mind you better give it up.
Don't you touch my beer, I'm thinking of my eye.
I'm a my Corona.
I'm a my Corona.
Oh, okay.
A little bit 26 at 560 WM.
I made it back.
Aren't you proud of me?
Very.
Wait till you hear this.
This will, you better strap yourself in.
Okay.
From the fake Greg Budell by way of Bob McKayert says 1470 AM.
WWNN.
That's Mr. Rego Station 50,000-watt daytime.
WQM is 5,000-watt daytime.
Beasley's are talking about putting you on the station to make room for Sid Rosenberg middays on QAM.
What?
Do you want me to read that again?
Please.
1470 AM, WWNN.
That's the Mr. Ego Station.
That nobody knows is on the air that doesn't register a blip on a Richter scale.
Uh-huh.
It's 50,000-watt daytime.
WQM is 5,000-watt daytime.
The Beasley's are talking about putting you on the station to make room for Sid Rosenberg middays on QAM.
That's your take?
Hm.
Well, it's news to me.
I don't even know that station existed.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody there is anybody else except those five people listening to Mr. Rego in the morning.
Now that would make sense, wouldn't it?
We know they've been confagulating with Rosenberg.
True.
And of course the rumor that he was going to do two to four.
Terry says I hear that funeral homes have a pricing scale based on the length of the coffin.
If the family had been willing to pay a little extra, they could have gotten an extra two feet.
And then it says insert Gilbert laugh.
Okay.
I insert a Gilbert laugh.
That was good.
So, uh, so your take on that is, uh, bubble my sea, huh?
It's news to me.
I haven't heard anything like that.
Sure makes sense based on the way they've been pushing and pushing these last two, three weeks.
And then of course the George business.
That was the beginning of it.
All right.
He'll take a walk.
He'll walk out.
You'll see.
A newborn is being cared for at a hospital in West Springfield, mass after being found abandoned.
A Biblical cord still attached in a West Springfield motel room littered with empty beer cans.
People said the baby was discovered early Saturday by a couple returning to the room next door at the welcome in.
Kimberly Dorety told the Republic newspaper of Springfield that she heard a weak cry coming from the next room.
The door was a jar and when she entered, she found the baby grew lying on her back in the middle of a double bed.
Dorety said she and her husband wrapped the baby in towels until paramedics arrived and took the infant to base state medical center.
Dorety guessed that the baby was only an hour too old.
Investigators are still trying to track down the mother.
A motel room littered with empty beer cans.
Sounds like a classy mom to me, don't it?
Oh, yeah.
296 votes on the pool.
Emails nothing.
Zero.
Neil at Neorages.com.
Zero.
Nothing.
Zipity.
Do da.
Zipity.
And that's because we're not doing a building a pool.
Just like what happened with the phones long ago.
When we were pooled building, we'd have eight million calls and then we have the one guy.
Paul building is boring.
Paul building.
That one chronic.
Right.
Well, you don't remember him.
That's way before your time.
Remember him?
Asta, listen in.
Paul building is boring.
But it sure is a response.
But other than that, they got nothing to say.
I mean nothing.
Zipity.
Do da.
I was talking before about Northern Italian cuisine and Southern Italian.
Right.
And the somebody, Benjamin.
Send me this.
The Battle of Taste is sure to go 15 full rounds of release seven courses.
And it's written by Karim Morashi.
What does a guy name Karim know about Italian food?
Italian food always ranks at the top of your Be World Class Donners list.
But in about between Northern versus Southern Italian cooking,
the Battle of Taste is sure to go the 4th, 15 rounds of release seven courses.
Keppane, olio, liva.
I can't get that scene out of my mind.
Eli Wallach.
The assassin should have killed him right there on the spot.
Should have at least poisoned the bread.
But we had to wait a long, long time until it kind of gave him the poison canoli.
You waited.
You're so skinny.
And then she like, did you see Godfather 3?
Yeah.
And hated it like most of everybody else.
Wasn't a big fan now.
And the way she like licked a little bit off the end of the canoli.
And I was like, just a little tiny bit.
Oh boy.
Italy wasn't even unified as a nation until 1861.
And the time leading up to that, Italy's mountainous valleys and lack of adequate communication between regions, isolated communities and promoted cultural heterogeneity.
What the hell is that?
I don't know.
Heterogeneity.
Since the fall of Rome, the land, now known as Italy, has also been subject to foreign invaders periodically throughout history, falling under Spanish, Austrian, French, even Arab powers.
Thus, these influences have promoted culinary differences between regions.
And to this day, those differences are, at the same time, celebrated and coveted by the respective residents.
Presently, climatic conditions and economic disparity are the biggest factors separating the north from the south.
As a result, foods of the areas reflect this variance.
Specifically, northern Italy enjoys rich fertile land in the sizeable affluent population, producing such things as homemade pastas, exotic seafood, and specialty sausages.
Italy is Europe's biggest producer of rice, which is often served with fish and season with fragrant herbs such as a variety of basil, basil, oregano, rosemary, sage, parsley, and margaram.
The dishes are often garnished with capers and lemon and are usually light and airy to the palate.
Rich foods are also popular, specifically in the northern region of Emilia Romana.
Butter is favored over olive oil for cooking, as in the north.
Pork sausages, cheese, and hardy pasta dishes are all local favorites.
Heterogeneity.
The quality or state of being.
Wow.
It's a big word for nothing.
The quality or state of being.
Yep.
How about homogeneity?
The quality or state of being.
Just a little further south is the Tuscany region where fresh fruit and vegetables are grown locally and sold in open air markets.
The atmosphere breeds a light cuisine with dishes just slightly favored with olive oil and garlic, and boasting fine ripe and tomatoes just picked olives and the most colorful beans.
Jolato Rias and Pustice Rias also abound in this region, which one are refreshing, arreftite, and ice creams or gelato and it's high in pastries.
I'll tell you, in Germany, the gelato is just as good as it is in Italy, maybe even better.
And homogeneity is actually a word.
Is that like homogenized milk?
I guess.
It's a state of having identical, cumulative, distribution functions or values.
Not compelling.
No, not in the least bit compelling.
Continuous southward toward Roman, the terrain becomes more sparse and arid, which is in stark contrast to the gastronomical delights inherent to the region.
Lamb and pork, a company artichoke, so tender, there isn't any discreet them from the leaves and desserts plentiful with walnuts, hazelnuts, pine nuts, and almonds.
I love hazelnuts.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, God.
You don't have Nutella?
Have you had Nutella?
Yeah.
That's good stuff.
That's not an hazelnut.
Really?
No.
Mm-hmm.
Like that chocolate, smear, stuff in the jar?
Yeah, the German is a lot.
Some people eat it out of the jar, like with a spoon.
I think you've got to be a little nutty to do that.
I like it with peanut butter.
The southern peninsula of Italy and the islands of Sicily and Sardinia are covered in olive tree groves.
Olive oil, ole oleva, is mass produced and used as a basin cooking.
Breds are smothered with seasoned olive paste made from native guia te la gurena and Sicilian style olives.
Each has its own exceptional taste and unique color.
The climate also provides for abundance of citrus fruits which are readily used in sauces and to flavor meats.
In the south, Parmesan cheese is replaced with pecorino cheese, which is made from sheep's milk and tangier, sharper and taste and saltier than Parmesan.
Or as somebody would say Parmesan cheese.
I don't want to say Mr. Ego.
Would that be something if we wound up on that signal?
That's crazy.
You say that about everything.
That's crazy. Like those ratings in the winter book.
Right.
This is where crazy happens.
Oh yeah.
Beasley. Crazy.
And it sure ties in with their desperate attempts to try to piss me off and give me a walk, which I'm not going to do by the way.
I have mouth to feed.
People will take care of including myself.
I learned a long time ago. Well, let me just finish this.
While the food greatly varies not only between northern and southern Italy, but also between regions, there is still one underlying commonality throughout all of Italy.
Italians treasure their heritage and their cuisine.
It's evident in the recipes for our own atmosphere that goes along with eating and enjoy the differences it says.
Yeah, the Italians spend a much higher proportion of their income on food than like for example Americans or most other countries.
Because it's so good.
I tried something the other night that I know you said you don't like risotto, but this was really good at the risotto.
Mixed it with goat cheese, turned it into little balls, breaded it, fried it and then served it with this like spicy marinara.
It was really good.
If you like goat cheese.
Yeah, I do like goat cheese. I just don't like risotto.
Laurie has got a poor economy pool.
We've already done this.
Not with these particular questions, but I don't know about South Florida. She says anymore, but up here in Maryland, a lot of people seem to be unaffected by this horrendous economy.
So here's my questions.
We've done this.
I know you did a poll about jobs recently.
I think this one's a bit different. Thanks for putting up with everything so we can enjoy hearing you every day.
Hope George finds a really good gig soon. So we, Laurie, maybe we'll hear from.
Oh, Eric in North Miami. This is the labaristered F bomb report.
He was trying to say Chicago CUB, COAS KUI FUKIDOMI. Is that his name?
Right. Careful, I'll you say it. It says, but they were able to catch it.
Oh, they were able to catch it probably because their dump button works.
Probably because they're not technically challenged as much as we are.
Even though it's a horse ball, I've hit an under real radio station just to least job.
But nevertheless, their stuff works ours on the other hand.
I see I see so so.
Sometime it doing sometime it don't.
Et cetera.
Tom says this is about doubt, which I don't care what anybody says is a very, very good movie.
And I also don't care what anybody says about, you know, Phil, it's seem more Hoffman is usually so great.
And he's very good in this movie, but his good performance is so overshadowed by Meryl Streep that it's almost like he's not.
Not even in it. True.
Now, did you ever see owning my honing? No, I don't think so.
With Phil, see more Hoffman true story about and it happened here in Toronto.
About a guy who was embezzling money from the bank where he worked to support his gambling habit.
Nice. And got my don't want to I don't want to run it for you.
But just I mean talk about a wild crazy gambler in Atlanta City in Vegas.
And when they saw him coming man, their face would beam from ear to ear owning my honing.
It's good flick and he's great in it too.
And I tell you what's as great as the dark, complex kid who pays plays the.
The kid that works in the casino.
I don't know what they call them, not an attended.
He's like a something in a casino and takes care of Phil.
Anyway, Tom says about doubt the head nuns street told the priest Hoffman she had spoken to an aunt of his last parish.
The none of the last parish confirmed her suspicions of his abusing children.
If the priest didn't request a transfer, she would look into the reasons for him leaving for previous positions.
Stapes character later admitted she never made those inquiries, but her accusations were confirmed when Hoffman's character transferred out and was promoted to pasture.
I thought the film was excellent. Thank you Tom. See okay Tom.
Ready like to Tom.
I see he's just he's just assuming that because she admitted that she made it up.
I don't want to spoil it if you haven't seen it. I guess I just did.
She admitted that she never made the calls.
Remember she was sitting there weeping on the bench right toward the end of the movie.
You talk about an acting performance if there's ever been a better one by male or female than that one.
She just she just inspired she was kind of like the Joe Bell of the movies inspired great hate.
Yes still the what yeah for sure by the end of that movie you just yeah you can sander.
Like I said just like Joe Bell.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha time for the sounds of silence.
Just just just just just tell me what your problem is.
The red socks had enough for you.
Now you're wearing dark shoes.
You say the drugs you're on were from a doctor your agent likes to say it's just money being money.
Oh, money baby.
You're making a lot of money.
You're making a lot of money.
And now you're you.
What about LeBron? What's man he got to do with LeBron give me the ball give me the ball.
LeBron LeBron LeBron LeBron and then of course what's his name the tennis player the ugly guy Roger Federer.
A fag crush.
Yeah, let me just read that one email again.
Okay, because this is the same fake rigged.
We don't always tell us how we were going oldies on QAM few months ago.
Subject from Bob McKay see he's also printing the room with a Bob McKay is coming in to be PD and Clarence is out.
Well, how does that kind of affect you?
I don't know.
You know Bob McKay.
I know of him.
Good guy I think I don't know if I ever met him or not.
I hear all kinds of good things about him which means Clarence when you come back from your honeymoon.
Bye bye.
It's like it's I don't know what to describe it is it's like a like everything is just being regurgitated in this place.
They're just chewing up people and spitting them out and chewing like a like a garbage disposal.
Mostly the disposal part.
Anyway, the fake rigged VL rights from Bob McKay 1470 AM WNN is 50,000 Watts daytime WQM is 5,000 Watts daytime.
Beasley's are talking about putting you on the station to make room for Sid Rosenberg mid days on QM.
Well, they do own that the 1470.
You do know that don't you?
I do now.
Yeah, they own it.
Now what would your take be on that?
I don't know, but you know who I can ask because he's here today.
Who's that?
Bruce Beasley.
Really?
I just saw him in the hallway at Joe Bell.
Oh my God, you've got to be kidding me.
Wow, now the pressure is really, really on not.
Wouldn't you say you better be some other words you're that tight with Bruce Beasley.
You go up and ask him.
I have the truth that we're going to go on 1470.
I don't know.
I wouldn't say we're tight, but what's the harm in asking?
Yeah, that's right.
Worst is going to happen is you'll get a lie, you know.
Erics says wasn't QM airing basketball at nights during the second week of May.
I don't think so.
Oh, yeah, we had the NBA games on.
We did the second week of May.
We had the conference finals on, I think.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Maybe that would explain that three, four, although I'll be honest with you.
Word, all those games also on free TV.
That is true.
See, I'm not a big fan of nighttime.
Like when I was at INZ, the first book in the fall.
They carried the World Series games at night.
And when the book came out, Tom like his beat me.
He was on WS News, which I had left to go at INZ.
He beat me in the book.
And was open in a big mouth about it.
Then we got the, we got the nightly numbers.
And we found out the nightstep we had the World Series games on.
Every night we got a 0.0.
Yeah, I would rather watch it.
Because it's on free TV.
So when you've got something to sporting event that's on free TV.
And it's on radio at the same time.
TV always is going to get the viewing audience.
And except for paper in the cars, which there aren't just that many at night,
you're going to get a point like that.
Right, but remember, you don't need a lot of people listening with this new system.
You mean with the panel?
Right.
That's right.
And we got the finals on the NBA Finals on starting tomorrow.
So we'll see if that carries over.
Oh yeah.
NBA Finals game one tomorrow night.
No LeBron though.
Nope.
No LeeBron.
I still don't understand what kind of an event is besides goofy.
And why is it that mostly the jocks are the ones with the goofy names?
Is there any special reason for that?
No.
Like, like, like, Plexico.
Do you know anybody else named Plexico?
I do not.
I mean, Plexiglas.
Yeah, I've heard of that.
Hey, Plexi.
I mean, what do you call a guy named Plexico?
Besides Miss Criant and a law breaker and Ask Clown.
Ask Clown.
That's a good idea.
You better pass it by Bruce.
Go out to Hawaii and see if you can find the Beasley guys.
Okay.
Ask him if we can say Ask Clown.
Have him get a hold of Joyce.
Put her in that garbage disposal I was talking about.
Leonardo says I heard you had Zippo emails come in a couple of minutes ago.
So I figured I would send you one.
Well, thanks Leonardo.
Although this isn't that exciting.
It says for your information in Capital, Grill, and Downtown Miami has a killer.
Chocolate hazelnut cake.
Oh, I do love anything with hazelnut.
Mmm.
Also, I like eating the teller out of the jar or on bread or on saltines, he said.
Well, you're right, Leo.
You don't have much, but at least it's something.
You know, he cared enough to send his very best, which wasn't a lot.
The thousand, anyone points.
Uh-oh.
There's Nancy Reagan.
And she's got a white dress on today.
Back under happier circumstances.
Boy, she looks bad.
I want to thank everybody for being here.
Good.
Kali, are you watching on CNN?
You're a tauts.
No.
You're kind wishes.
She can't be a day over 200.
Man, she's looking really, really bad old Nancy.
And she's got the white dress.
I think these could be the final days.
What's your recreational drug a choice?
Maybe they don't like to pull all that we do have 230 votes.
Alcohol 164.
Marriage, a wini 90.
None 32.
We got 32 straight laced people out there who don't do nothing bad.
Nancy Reagan's 87.
87.
She looks easy.
187.
And they just helped her to her seat.
Oh my God.
Is that what you looked like right before you're going to die?
Yeah, I think so.
None 33.
Like I said, 33 straight laced clowns.
Other prescription designer, it said,
19 heroin six cocaine six ecstasy five crystal meth four hash two sniffing glue one acid one huffing gas.
What you put on there?
None.
Nobody's huffing gas.
It cost you that much, man.
That's the kids, the kids huff the gas.
Yeah, I know that's what I hear.
We don't have any kids.
Although we do, I have a 1.2 share in teenagers, according to this new bogus system.
By the way, you might tell Bruce that nobody other than Joe Bell believes this system and nobody believes there's any, you know.
Oh, we have to learn to live with it.
We have to learn how to deal with it and do this and do that.
Yeah, do this and do that.
Greg says, hi, Neil.
I live in LaRita near Seabring.
Yeah, we know Greg.
I'm listening on a Kenwood.
What does he always tell us this?
What he's listening on?
Regardless of wattage claims, five 60 is almost full quieting with a nine showing on the S meter.
While 1470 is barely audible showing a three on the S meter, just thought you should know.
Well, see, there's some information from Greg.
If we can't get into LaRita, we're screwed.
He's listening on a Kenwood R5000 shortweight receiver using 127 foot in inverted V dielope antenna.
Whatever that is.
That's good to know.
Yeah.
Thanks for the update, Greg.
We are going on 1470 just for their 50,000 watts.
Although following Mr. Ego, you might get a lot of food to slap on.
I don't even have any idea where their studios are.
Or if they have any.
Of course if they have one, it's more than we got.
But you tell me the rumors are that our studio is going to be completed no later than Monday.
Yeah, they're working on them.
Next, she was we just we just finished she was like last weekend.
They're working on it right now.
They're doing what they're working on the studio right now.
Doing what?
I don't know engineering things.
Well, believe you me, if there's a place that could use some engineering things, this is the place.
Oh, this is supposed to be funny, I guess.
His name is Plexiglass Burris because he gets hurt so easy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God, that's funny, isn't it?
Not not compelling.
No.
Conference finals were on TNT, not free TV except on Saturday or Sunday sometime.
So maybe that explains it, huh?
If we can put some stuff on there that they can't get on free TV, do you know anybody that doesn't have at least basic cable?
No.
I know some people have got rabbit ears.
I mean, on their head.
Remember those days?
Yeah.
Rabbit ears.
And then we had cat TV, community antenna television.
That was the beginning of satellite TV and cable, community antenna television, cat TV.
We had it in Marshall, Michigan of all places.
Here's one from Berserk, Obama.
It says, is Sid Rosenberg really coming to QA?
That's enough to make me stop listening.
I thought he would go back to New York, but knew with about 100 O's.
I'd rather listen to Mojauer, David and Guilty.
Makes me want to joist all over myself since Berserk, Obama.
How do you like that?
So I'm told that that other studio that you're talking about, that other station, it's in Boka on federal.
Oh boy, it's a long drive for you.
Yeah, I won't be doing that.
What do you mean for nothing?
What about if they pay your gas?
What do you mean you won't be doing that?
I'm not driving the boat everyday.
That's crazy.
With the big bucks they're paying you to work on this show, you're not driving the Boka.
Yeah, no loyalty.
At that point, I'd be losing money to do the show.
What about if they moved you to Boka with all the other Jews?
Okay.
With the real Jews.
You're not Jewish enough to live in Boka.
I can blend it.
Yeah, blend this.
WB says, now imagine Nancy banging Frank Sinatra in the White House while Ronnie was
dropping porridge in the Ovalon.
A Jeweling porridge.
He was jueling porridge.
Oh, wow.
Not good to speak ill of the dead, but Ronnie Raygun, boy, he was just...
He was what's wrong with the world, you know?
He represented what's wrong with the world.
This idol worship, kind of like Lebron, you know, like that.
Lebron, Lebron, Lebron, Lebron, Lebron.
Like the Governor of California.
Arnold?
Oh, well Arnold, I said that before when he got elected Governor.
That was the end of the human race as we knew it.
Oh, Neil!
Yeah.
This is Brandy Quid.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
Yeah.
The whole world is wanting to fight him.
That's you.
Because it's very frightening.
It begins with a little bit coffee.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
That's you.
You know what we don't hear a damn thing about anymore.
We're also supposed to be dead by now and I don't hear one word about swine flu.
Nope.
President Obama's Muslim Outreach.
That's what they're talking about on CNN.
All right, Darada Lothian, trapling with the president and Riyadh Saudi Arabia.
Oh yeah, those Saudis, man, blow them up.
The Beast says maybe if he wrote a book they would be trying to make you leave.
And then he's got this long press release which also of course was emailed to me and I
ignored it and deleted it.
But the Beast evidently is impressed by Sid Rosenberg and current fan midday host Joe
Benino have signed book deals with draft books and it goes on and on like I'm supposed
to be promoting this.
Okay, he's not working here yet.
Okay, Beast, I'm not promoting him.
But he will be maybe not two to four, maybe ten to two.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
I bet he'll work cheap.
He's going to have to.
I don't understand either.
What's the big simmiss with him?
Conan O'Brien.
You think he's funny?
He's okay.
I never thought Leno was funny either but then again what do I know?
No, Leno sucked.
Well, there he is.
Well, there he is.
It's not there for what 17 years something like that?
I'm more of a letterman kind of guy.
And Johnny Carson, I couldn't deal with him either.
Mm-hmm.
Jack Par was great, Steve Allen was great.
Even more he amst today 100 years ago was funnier than J. Lino.
More he amst today?
Yeah.
From the love boat.
More he amst today was the first host of the tonight show back in the early 50s.
Really?
Yes.
I did not know that.
Well, there you go.
And I bet you Jack Par was way before your time too.
Jack Par was great.
That's something I would stay up to watch.
And did.
Mitch says among the one hit wonder songs you discussed was Spirit in the Sky by Norman Greenbaum,
which we did a long thing on that in the first hour but nevertheless Mitch maybe wasn't listening to that.
It says I went to his official website.
Its address is spiritinthesky.com.
On spiritinthesky.com the store features Spiritinthesky baseball caps, Spiritinthesky knit caps,
Spiritinthesky t-shirts, Spiritinthesky mouse pads, Spiritinthesky coasters,
CDs nearly all of which feature Spiritinthesky.
Oh my God.
And small and large autograph pictures of Spiritinthesky created Norman Greenbaum.
Spiritinthesky by Norman Greenbaum.
Not just the one hit wonder who's early support Norman and his family but also it says a cottage industry,
apparently writing one major hit song goes a long way.
And it wasn't even it was a depressing song.
It did well in our pool of one hit wonders but boy it was depressing morbid.
You don't think?
And why are the Republicans trotting out these old old tired newt gingrich my God.
That's all they have.
Old trolls, newtty gingrich.
All they have is like Newt Dick Cheney and Mr. Bouncy Bouncy Rush Limbaugh.
And don't forget about Mitt Romney.
Oh yeah.
Oishmoy Ju says Ronald Reagan is the father of American fascism that is absolutely correct.
He set the stage for Bush Cheney to steal the cash without fear of prosecution.
Even though the Bush crime family tried to have him whacked, he's just as guilty.
You're right Nancy looks around 187 years old.
Too much cheap booze may be question market says.
Just finished a huge bowl of kale and chickpea soup.
Oh.
Says talk about a rectum root or my shoulder blades are hurting never a dull moment.
I guess it sounds like a pretty exciting life to me.
Blacky is back.
Oh my God.
Oh.
He sends me a thing about on TV.
I was on on TV.
I was on after on TV actually.
On channel 51, 100 years ago.
Really?
Says I was looking for a compelling article to forward you and think I found one.
Did you subscribe to on TV back in the late 70s and early 80s?
I think it came on over channel 51.
Well no I didn't subscribe to it but I was on it.
I had a talk show on channel 51 live after on TV which was scrambled.
So once it would unscramble I would come on.
And I'd sat there and rip organized religion and take some calls.
You know how we did the calls in those days?
My producer would take the calls and then he would take their phone number and call them back.
Put them on hold.
We had to because it was live TV you know.
Right.
And we shouldn't want to take a chance in anything like slipping out on the air.
Like being totally irresponsible and having a bunch of crap slip out on the air.
Anyway since the article mentions that Wall of Voodoo was one of the music bands the channel used to show.
Kind of long but it has a lot of compelling information that even Joe Bell might approve of.
I don't really care whether the approves are not.
See I know this comes as a great surprise and I've never worked for anybody before who thought that I did the show for them.
You know the GM.
I really believe he thinks I do the show for him.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Yeah I don't.
I don't do the show with him in mind.
Oh what old Joe think of this? Well Joe I'll find this amusing or compelling or captivating.
I don't think of that at all.
Well that's so to my or she's not not too sharp looking you know what?
No.
I mean not like Dan Abash the shrunken head.
371 votes on the poll.
Huffing gas finally got one.
So maybe we got somebody out of the age of 100 on there.
I'll write.
Wonder about many many teenagers who allegedly corner this new research.
Listen to this show.
Do you believe that?
No not really.
Do you believe any of it?
No.
I mean where do they get this panel?
Where do they get these people?
I'm not sure how they do that.
I mean big 8.7 in the morning.
Paul and Ron.
Now I can't think of anything more compelling than them.
Can you?
Pandrite.
Pandrite.
Coast of 7.5.
Right.
You see if these people who are wired up for this new technology,
if they're exposed to like background music in registers like life and coast,
MIA, slush.
The slush stations do great.
Yeah MIA is very gay.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well there must be a lot of gay listeners out there.
Not for us though.
They had a 7.2 in the morning, a 5.8 in midday, a 5.8 in the afternoon,
and a 6.5 share at night, WMIA.
How come it is that cheap channel?
All their channels did so great.
Remember that email that we had that said that we've got it,
we've got the panel in our pocket.
I do.
Hey what's that in your pocket?
The panel.
The shout, shout, I can't read it.
The shout not blackmail.
Remember that song, Shout Shout Knock Yourself Out by Ernie Morescah?
No I remember Cheers for Fear Shout.
No shout shout knock yourself out.
If you had the Georgia stuff there you could play it.
Maybe on Monday.
Maybe on Monday?
Yep.
So you've actually got this stuff you just don't have the ability to play it.
I have the DCS in here right now.
I can play off of that.
I'm just not real familiar with how they use it.
But once I get the computer and add other room,
George is going to come in and download 1500 songs for me.
Wow.
What a guy.
Yeah I think I'm going to go see him tomorrow.
And.
Oh I see.
Brooklyn Bishop Nicholas Demarzeo, a threatened state lawmaker
is by allowing the closed churches in their districts
and blame them for the closures if they dared support a bill
making it easier for people who were sexually assaulted as kids to sue.
Legislators told the New York Post, are you following that?
Mm-hmm.
They said that dark warning came during a legislative breakfast
at Demarzeo's Brooklyn residence as he told the gathering of about 20 state and city politicians
that he would retaliate against Albany lawmakers if they backed the Child Victims Act.
Wow.
The controversial bill which could be heading for an assembly for debate as soon as June 8th.
Next Monday.
Seeks to extend the statute limitations for lawsuits involving the rape or molestation of youngsters
and could cause the church hundreds of millions of dollars in payouts to victimize parishioners.
Good.
Two lawmakers said the bishop brazenly bullied them during the coffee and donuts gathering
at a state-led brick residence on Clinton Hill October 21.
He brazenly bullied them.
Oh by the way speaking of a brazen show of speed.
This one is Tom Durkin's favorite phrases.
What's your name Rachel Alexandria is not running an abelman.
Did you know that?
No I did not.
See the stuff you learned on this show?
Educational freaking show man.
What's the deal with that?
When in doubt they pulled her out.
They don't want to run her.
She would have been the chock though right?
Yeah.
So now, mind that bird is going to be in our Betcha Calvin Barrell is back on my net bird.
Wouldn't that be unusual?
I believe he is.
Well you didn't know that she wasn't running so how would you know he's back on my net bird?
Because I didn't hear it but I saw a promo for the race and it showed him.
And I'm assuming they were saying that he was going to be on my net bird.
But I didn't hear it.
I can only see it.
That would be really freaky for a guy who wins the Derby and the Belmont on the same horse
and wins the preekness on a different horse.
I don't think it's ever been done.
No.
Well no it was never done that anybody won the Derby and Preekness on two different horses much less.
So he would win the triple crown but on three different horses.
Calvin Barrell maybe he could win enough to buy some teeth.
Well I have Dave Johnson on the Marmorning of the 11 o'clock we can analyze the Calvin Barrell teeth situation.
Don't you find him unusual Calvin Barrell?
I would think that he makes enough money as a jockey to be able to buy some teeth.
Yeah.
Well why not?
Maybe we ought to take up a collection form.
In fact I'm surprised I haven't been getting emails yet.
They want me to pay Georgia salary.
How about I could buy some teeth for Calvin Barrell?
That's a thought.
So Dave will be on the 11 o'clock tomorrow morning.
He can answer all your questions because I don't know a lot about it.
Kenny Gramers says hey that was WIOD channel 51 in the early 80s.
A WKID.
Yeah that's right.
WKID and.
And Kenny what about it?
This one says Steve Allen was the first to night show host.
I don't think so.
That's what I thought.
I'll check it out.
I think more Amsterdam was on although they sent me this thing.
It says leaving CB as Alan created late night New York talk variety program in 53 for what is now WNBC TV.
The following year September 27 54 the show went on the full NBC network as the finitio.
With fellow radio personality Jean Rayburn who later went on a host hit game show such as match game as the original announcer.
So maybe Steve Allen was before more Amsterdam but more and then Steve Allen of course was great.
Until in his later years he became a real old funny dutty.
He enjoys what had gotten along great in his later years.
Well as far as the tonight show goes it said Steve Allen was 1954 to 1957 followed by Jack Parr followed by Johnny Carson.
Yeah.
So it doesn't mention the one you're talking about.
The one you're talking about Amsterdam was not on the tonight show.
They're not listening.
I'll bet you five times what you're making for doing this show.
You're listening to Neil Roger.
Still good.
Okay so let me ask you this you've got your dots right.
I do because it's only 12 18 we got almost two hours to kill here today.
I mean the two more assimilating and compelling hours right wouldn't you think it'd be a really good idea if we took some calls and you can punch him up on that end.
I should be able to yeah and you'll have a pretty good idea when you get rid of him.
Okay I was at that 877 numbers that the new I see I don't even know the number.
I don't want to say that this whole deal has been poorly coordinated but you know what?
I would think in the room that I'm in right now they could use the regular was it 5 6 7 0 5 60.
No I think it works in this room now when we go to the other room I don't think it'll work there but in this room they should be able to call in that number.
Any 877 I don't know if that works in this room but I know for a fact I know for a fact a 5 6 7 0 5 60 works.
This is great.
Yeah in other words like that right well let's give it a shot.
What do you say again 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's take our first calls with flea.
I have to think I have you'll have to keep your finger there.
Yeah and I have to get to flip something on the phone real quick so give me one second.
You have to flip something on the phone.
Yeah I have to flip something.
Rick says all Cal is on mine that birdies the two the one favorite on the SPN probably the Humphers odds.
Calvin Borrell he's back in mine that bird I think mine that bird's going to win.
I don't think there's that many quality horses in it.
Wow well the phone lines lit up so obviously that number works.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 each 5 60.
Yeah just like that.
Okay well let's punch one up hello.
Wait a minute try now.
Hello.
Yes Neil.
Yes.
I have a survival can I write them.
Oh it hurts.
See that's what you get.
Oh one vote for the calls baby.
Oh yeah something about his rectum.
Right.
You want to try another one.
Okay.
One.
There you go.
Let's keep him going.
Q.I.M. Hello.
No.
Yeah.
Thanks for taking my call.
That's all I want to say.
Okay.
How about another one.
Good.
Two A.M. Hello.
You're in our fingers line.
See this is really awkward because I can't punch him out and I have to wait for you to do it.
And I really don't know when you do it.
How about I only sound good.
They sound clear crystal queer don't they.
That's good yeah.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Just a line checker.
Thank you.
Oh okay thank you.
You want to say a line checker.
Well good good to see their consistent they got just as much to say on the phone as they do on the.
Well here we go.
Walt says Mori Amsterdam was the host of Broadway open house which was the predecessor to the tonight show.
Okay.
The Mori Amsterdam show was on CBS TV from December 48 to March 49 and do month from April 49 to October 50.
Right.
Among Mori's regular guest was Art Carney.
The cigarette girl was a future author Jacqueline Suzanne.
Also in 50 he briefly hosted the comedy variety show Broadway open house televisions first late night entertainment show on NBC.
He's best known for his role as comedy writer buddy Cerelle on the Dick Van Dyke show.
131 episodes of what the Dick Van Dyke show that he was on.
How do you know that are you reading the same thing I am.
No but I'm looking at his thing on what is it I am the biggest thing.
Oh I don't want to see his thing.
Well the live I've been.
No he's been dead for like 13 years.
Oh poor Mori so his thing is a little shriveled.
First he says hope your week is going just great.
Can you with the request of my father Ray please place something from Dick fatherly pretty please.
Well I only have one fatherly drop in that's all we got I can't invent any other ones.
Do you know Dick fatherly no wonder if he's still alive.
I can't find it.
Oh here it is.
He's an Ojoen Provacator.
That's it.
Pompus ass clown Dick fatherly sounds like it.
Okay the week's going fine first you we don't okay we're going to be in our new studios one of these days.
Then we're going to get the phones working on this end.
But the working on your end which is really great don't you like these so far.
I got four lines ready to go.
QAM hello.
Hello go ahead man.
Yeah no Rogers.
Who?
Dale Rogers.
Yes speaking.
Yes what do you think is going to happen with these four pages.
With what?
With all these mortgages and the price of the homes.
What do I think?
Yeah I don't.
What do you think?
Who cares?
Yeah you want another one?
Fouring.
Next call not so old please.
Okay let's see.
Go ahead.
QAM hello.
I can't believe you don't take calls for three months and then you got all these idiots that call in all the time you know.
Yeah.
I mean one thing about me at least I have nothing to say but at least I'm honest about it you know.
That's true.
I mean I'm serious.
I mean I really have nothing to say but it's just ridiculous that you can wait all these months for calls.
You know the last time I took calls on this show I think it was like last November so it's like almost eight months.
Well you know at least I'm not lying to you but next time I do call I will have something to say because I'm sure.
Okay well listen in between now and then work on it.
He's gone.
And I'm sure he will.
He's working on it right now I think.
Good to be.
According to all I know this is something I've got I'm looking in my pile here.
Your stuff that's like unfinished business you know what I mean.
I think I'm just about to all through everything.
Although when we were doing the best male singer of all time here's one to embarrassing to even read.
Being crossbeat belongs on the pole.
Oh my god.
Oh my goodness.
Talk about old.
This is from Steve.
Steve you must be older than sawdust.
Being crossbeat the greatest male singer of all time.
Is that enough to make your your bottles twitch?
Yeah.
Okay how many we got any calls?
We have like five of them lined up.
Wow.
Something you know when you're ready.
What's that all about?
I guess they missed these eight months of no calls.
And then let's see what they have to say about this too.
Let's get some input on the emails.
Okay.
From the audience and oh we want the calls Neil the call.
See this is what is compelling about the show is me and the callers.
We got a lot of them.
Hello.
Hey Neil how are you doing?
Okay sir.
Well I'm talking to a talk man.
I've been talking to you for like three years already.
You're about George.
Yeah.
But anyway I was calling to ask you.
Have you ever checked out that series breaking bad on AMC with Brian Franzen?
What is your call breaking wind?
Breaking bad.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Yeah.
It's actually the best show on TV right now.
Breaking bad?
Breaking bad.
Never heard of it.
Okay well check it out.
I'm feeling like it.
Okay thanks.
This is the starting we're in can do you Luke?
He's got to say there at the end.
I didn't even know about a MOOC.
Oh yeah MOOC.
I think he was talking about you.
Could be.
So what's up what is it breaking wind on AMC?
Yeah breaking bad.
I didn't know that AMC had shows.
I thought they just had old movies.
No they actually have a couple of a Rick Jones series.
They showed the Godfather parts one two and five over and over again.
They do that a lot.
Right now they got the world's greatest lover.
Yeah.
You have Gene what's his name?
Hackman?
No not Gene Hackman.
Gene Wilder.
Oh wow.
You don't like Gene Wilder?
No he was good in a couple of movies.
He was yeah exactly.
He was good in a couple of movies.
Another in that.
He was good in Frankenstein.
Yeah.
What was that called?
Young Frankenstein?
Young Frankenstein.
Yeah.
Egor?
I could be called Egor.
And he was married to Gilda Radner.
I think that's the reason I like him is because he was married to her.
If there's anybody in the free world who didn't like Gilda Radner there's something wrong with you.
She was just great.
Yeah.
And then she died.
And then Rosanne Rosanna Dana came along and imitated her in Congress.
Iliana Rosanna Dana.
God.
Only in South Florida could she get elected to even be dog catcher.
Now we love Rafi and Jose you did wrong and we have a street named after you but we
might change it because you're a bad boy and blah blah blah blah.
And we love Rafi.
Yeah they love Rafi till they found out he was on all the Roads too you know.
I think she's the creator of Roads.
He gives me Roads.
In fact have you ever seen her in Joyce together?
Same person I bet.
1226 and 560 WQM.
I'm Jerry Les.
Holy cow.
Aaron's coming.
Well congratulations.
Get a life.
Thank you.
Oh.
Hi.
Hi.
Come on 32 at 560 WQM.
I'm dying over here.
Jerry Lester Show and that was part of the same thing with Mori Amsterdam and Dagmar and all those people.
Okay.
Wait before your time.
Wait.
See it's good to be old for that knowing a lot of stuff that before everybody else's time.
But the only bad thing about it is when you get old you're going to die soon.
Now is it true that the Dick Van Dag show was the first TV sitcom to have the husband and wife sleep in the same bed on TV?
I thought that was I don't know.
I love loosely they slept in separate beds.
Right.
I think Dick Van Dag was the first show to have a couple actually sleep in the same bed together.
What a grotesque thought that is.
He's dead though right Dick Van Dag.
Yes he is.
I'll tell you guys with absolutely no talent whatsoever is his brother Jerry Van Dag.
You'll every now and then you'll see him somewhere you know.
Yeah he's been on coach.
He was on what?
Coach.
Coach.
Oh I bet you that's big at QAM.
Coach.
Hey coach.
The does down 104 points.
And booze continues to lead all the marijuana is not far behind alcohol.
193 marijuana 104 your favorite recreational drug of choice.
You have a raw boy that's a name that I have buddy Lester.
Jerry Lester what's his name?
Jerry Lester.
Tea back in those days well I guess eventually like Jack Par had Alexander King and he had the Doty Goodman.
Those shows cultivated their own really bizarre and fun guests but they were usually people
and nobody ever heard of before as opposed to the celebrity guest they wound up starting with
you know Carson and then down the line.
Isn't that what's making Conan now you know the big deal that he's kicking off his tonight show.
Oh he's got to this one and that one and you know celebrities that you know everyone to see again.
Yeah but he had Pearl Jam as musical guest.
Well good for him.
I wouldn't watch Conan O'Brien if you paid me by the by the millisecond.
You're going to pay me.
So in other words if they move us to Bokeh you're not going right.
How am I going to drive to Bokeh every day?
I bet you have a fabulous studio.
I bet.
49 year old Phil just thought of a great poll.
How long till Neal gets up with a fed up with the stupid callers.
A day a week a month etc.
I don't know but the phone's just still ringing.
Tom and Gainesville says I believe you're talking about Jerry Lester.
He was on before Steve Allen.
I don't think it was called the tonight show at first working in Kent, Google it.
Well I'm working too but I did Google it.
Thanks Tom.
I never want to thought of Jerry Lester in a million years and you wouldn't have either because you never heard him.
Way before your time.
I bet you never heard of Alexander King either.
No.
He was hysterical.
He was a regular guest on the jackpot tonight show.
He was one of the funniest guys in a history and in fact he wrote a bunch of books and I remember reading all his books too.
Because he was so funny.
And his books were just as funny as he was on TV.
Not as funny as it was Rosenberg's book.
Okay let's a bunch of you these calls up.
QAM Hello.
Wait a minute.
Alright now.
QAM Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Here you go.
Very weak out of practice I guess.
Very non-combellied.
Yeah I would say so.
He's a long time caller but he's out of form.
Yeah.
Practice makes perfect man.
Practice it in the toilet.
Wow.
Hello.
Yeah first time listener long call.
Yeah right get rid of this city.
How you going?
Get rid of him.
There you go.
Gone.
Oh I got a guy that was actually on hold.
Here we go.
Hey you used to like his corn didn't you June?
Yeah mom would make extra.
And just like you got a cold corn.
Cold corn the next day.
Oh I love cold corn.
Oh no not me I don't like cold food.
You don't like it.
Get lost fat so.
There you go.
QAM Hello.
Go now.
I'm your friend I miss it.
Oh one more.
One more?
Yeah.
Do you remember?
Yeah Neil I've been on hold for eight months.
And I think you owe us a public apology.
No I do not.
Well when I first out in you had a six only now you got to know four now.
Yeah.
No now we got a one three man you better get up up to date.
We're moving up.
Yeah we're moving on up to the east side.
Yeah it's kind of difficult doing it this way because I know you would hang up at a certain time.
That I'm not really aware of.
Right.
So that's right.
And you wouldn't know some of the colors like.
Yeah not yet.
Reverend Jones two calls ago and some of the others.
I'll learn them I'm sure fast.
But they've been out they've been out there waiting in they've been lurking you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Lurking in the weeds waiting to attack like a snake like a serpent lurking in the weeds waiting for that day.
When the old man finally gave in.
Well you got three waiting if you want to take any more.
Well take your time.
Okay let him hold.
We ease into it.
Butches have been out of town for a while having had a chance to listen to your show what's going on with George.
George ain't here no more.
They blew George out to save the money.
They're firing everybody okay.
And they're trying desperately to get me out too but I'm not leaving.
I got a.
Teri cloth clad contract you know that iron clad minus Teri cloth clad.
Minus paper mache clad contract.
Now what is this crap parallels between now in 1914.
Well somebody has taken the time to write some real swill here.
Britain and Germany were more involved trade partners than us than US and China than they.
There was a technological revolution with transatlantic communication.
Britain was the empire of the time nobody was expecting World War I to occur beforehand.
As for terrorism al-Qaeda was paralleled by the bishavix it says who sees power in Russia the bishavix.
Maybe he means the bishavix could be.
And as Belgium sparked Britain's involvement in Germany the US will likely be sparked by the defensive Taiwan.
What's the point?
China has standing army of 350 million and nooks and owns our debt and could cripple us at any time by dumping our debt once they believe it needs to be done to be thrown our empire.
China is the real threat behind beyond al-Qaeda gaining control of the state. Well good. I'm glad you figured it all out.
Dick Van Dyck is still alive he's 83.
Oh okay. So you took my word for it and here's another one another guy says he's still alive.
He did the first night at the museum says Mark and a coconut creak. Well good for him.
Oh Jeff B who's the head of the pole of the a polemeister.
Remember Jeff B Jeff Beeching he was beating yesterday about the pole all these people are this and they're that and they should do their research.
You know take it over seriously it's a stinking radio show okay Jeff just calm down.
He says why is it drunks live extra long lives like Weinstein Churchill and Rob and Laura slept in separate beds.
How do you like that flea?
Dick Van Dyck and whoever she was they slept in separate beds.
That's a good pole question and not a proper but a trivia question.
Let's get my spindle back on here.
What do you say we have a reunion all the old still barely hanging on I don't know if these people are dead or alive.
Because I hear from fake this one and fake that one you know like Greg Budell.
Although the fakers have kind of laid back other than that very very incendiary email from the fake Greg Budell about them.
I think Sid the kid is participating in this effort to give me to take a walk to open up an avenue in here for him.
He wants badly he wants badly on this station. I'm sure you think.
Sometimes you want something and then you don't realize if you get it it was a bad mistake.
Oh, no.
It's a sad thing on the moon.
I mean, yummy.
It's the bubble.
It's the name but it's a big day.
W2M.
O.A.
You're a kid.
You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you grow up big and strong.
But today, big and strong isn't good enough anymore.
That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steroids.
The non-vitamin would be extra punch.
Ask yourself what do my kids need most?
Healthy balanced nutrition or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their path.
Flintstone's chewable steroids come in glory tasting flavors like bread, flinstined diol,
bam, bandralone, and oxandino dream.
With Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new Balkan striated muscle tissue.
And it'll be years before they even care about their ever-shrinking genitalia.
And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her brownie troop to have her own go team?
Rock, grass, and smoke, we're on a barbassall.
What's he?
I said more, we're on a barbassall.
Make your kid a Flintstone's chewable steroids kid.
10 million strong and bulging.
12.45, it's bulging all right.
At 5.60 WQ, we got the big O coming up at 2 o'clock.
Eric gives us the Conan information.
Eric and North Miami interested.
A little.
In his opening night, Conan got a 7.1 with a 17-share.
The second night, a 5.0 with a 12-share.
So by the second night, they were like, I don't know, about a third of the audience dropped off.
I can see why.
There was an enormous amount of hype.
He was on with Leno his last night, you know.
Right.
And they hyped and hyped and pushed and pushed.
And a lot of people tuned in on Monday.
And then by Tuesday, they said, I don't know.
This one must be from Mike Rosenthal.
I said, you made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
Dick Van Dyck has a live 83 years old, a right-wing lunatic.
Hopi dies soon.
It says, but he's still alive.
You said he was dead.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
It says 500 times.
I thought he was dead too.
Yeah.
We all thought he was dead.
He should be.
He should one.
He should be.
He's had enough.
83, that's not so old.
Wait till you're 82.
You'll say, oh, I don't know.
I don't think 83 is all that old.
Maybe 93, you know.
The reason I played that Flintstones,
but Stace from Weston says, and I think she's right,
I believe it was the Flintstones, Fred and Wilma,
who were the first to share a bet on TV.
You think?
Could be.
I'll see if I can find that out.
Yeah.
Do some research.
Do some heavy-duty research.
How's the phone's doing, by the way?
Let me know.
We got three calls waiting.
Okay.
Keep him on hold for a while.
Okay. Just let me out.
Keep him on slow-cook.
I'll brace myself to get ready to take some more.
Jim says, you've got to get flea to stop the freaking Elmo
potty bit playing on the stream.
By the way, can you add the red bull fake spots
that are removed list two?
Enough already, says Jim.
I'd rather listen to spots from Manage or the Big O'Over
and Over again.
Oh, wait, I already do, he says.
Okay.
Well, that's what Jim says.
It's a request.
Stop the freaking Elmo potty bit.
I don't even know what he's talking about.
Is it one of the bits that we used to play that we can't play anymore?
No, it's a new bit.
It's basically a beeped out version of Elmo talking to some little kid.
I think it's kind of funny, but I guess if you hear it enough, it would get old.
Yeah.
Maybe what you ought to do is play the bits on the stream that we can't play on the year.
I can do that.
Of course you'd have to get them out of the DCS, which you don't know how to use it yet,
or you don't have it, or what's the deal?
I have it.
I just don't know how to use it completely.
Oh, you'll finger it out.
Yeah.
In fact, when George comes in, he can give you a primer on the DCS.
Well, we're trying to get this straightened out, and thanks to people that are sending this crap.
I mean, it goes back 100 years, and you have to be an old fart like me to know what.
The name of the show was Broadway Open House.
The precursor, the predecessor to the It's a Nitro.
Since other Broadway Open House cast members were tapped to answer Ray Malone,
a courtiness Milton DeLogue, I remember him, an answer Wayne Howell and vocalist Jane Harvey,
Andy Roberts, and David Street.
The show's opening theme music was The Beanbag song by Delog Lester and Willie Stein.
A second theme was the song It's Almost Like Being in Love.
Delog often played the song he in Stein wrote Orange-Colored Sky, which became a hit for Nat King Cole.
Ray Buffham and Jack Hein were the producers, Hein and Joe Cavalier directed.
Stan Burns and Alan Sherman were the writers.
Alan Sherman, Hello Mata, Hello Fata.
Even you remember him.
Yes, I did.
Oh, the program was developed by Sylvester Pat Weaver, a programming VP at NBC,
who had started his career as a production assistant on the Fred Allen Radio Show Town Hall the night in the 1930s.
Wow, talk about ancient.
After the 15-month run of Broadway Open House, Weaver further developed his ideas on a local show
over NBC's New York Station starring Steve Allen, which eventually took to the network in 1954 as the tonight show.
Steve Allen remembered Horne's Be Broadway Open House in Fred Allen, the 97 interview.
He said NBC had tried unsuccessfully to do late night TV with comedian Jerry Lester and with more Amsterdam in the early 50s,
but that didn't go over well with the viewers.
I'm not certain the quality of the show had anything to do with it at that point at the time.
You still had a limited number of TV sets and television still hadn't come to a lot of the medium sized cities around the country.
I think you had a lot of people in the network executive suites who were convinced that 11 o'clock was just too late for people to stay up and watch TV.
The original show of Broadway Open House had done something, chopped off.
Okay.
Oh, it says if it had been done five years later, they might have changed their minds because they did a lot of the same kind of humor we did later.
Any time a performer dies in the process of doing a TV series of Broadway show, it's a difficult proposition how to proceed and good taste.
With Fred Allen, this was in the mid 50s, while it was never successful in TV. He had been an icon or radio.
You know why he was unsuccessful on TV, Fred Allen?
Yeah.
Because he was old and very ugly.
This may have been the first time or at least one of the first times a performer TV died while in the midst of doing a regular show, not in the middle of the show, but like, you know, during the run.
A comedian named David Horn's B was supposed to do NBC's first late night show, but he died two weeks before the show went on a year, so the audience hadn't seen him yet.
But Fred Allen was one of the great humorists in the history of entertainment at that time, and the nation was still in shock because people had just seen him in the previous Sunday night, and then he said,
I'm dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
He died.
Well, the first couple to be shown in bed together in American television was Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Told you, the first real people, I think were the Van Dykes, though. I'm going to double check that.
I thought somebody said the Van Dykes were, they weren't doing it.
How did they been in bed together, but they weren't doing it?
How did a little Richie come around or whatever that kid's name was?
I didn't watch that show. Are you telling me you watched the duke Van Dykes show?
Reruns, yeah, unlike a good TV land.
God.
Oh, that explains a lot.
I'm so sorry for you.
Wesley has got a poor idea.
Best old TV sitcoms.
No, we don't want to do too old, okay?
It's not even good that we're doing the old-tenitio stuff except that, you know, we got the changing of the go down the finitio.
It's somewhat compelling, not real compelling, but a little bit.
The early TV sitcom, Mary Kay and Johnny is listed as the first TV show where the couple slept in the same bed.
Oh, you found that too, just as somebody sent it in?
Just now.
Kathy says, Tom Jicke says this and Tom Jicke said that and Michael Corleone said this.
I'm printing it out.
Jim and John says Dick Van Dykes and dead, but it looks like nobody told them.
Yeah, there are a lot of people going around like that, like Nancy Reagan.
She's not dead yet, but boy, somebody forgot to tell her.
She looked really, really bad at the back they were having in Ronnie Reagan's memory, whatever that was.
Fascist BIOS, whatever that deal was.
Nice shoe polish though on the hair.
That was a great touch.
Remember the days when you used to use shoe polish, probably not.
Kiwi.
Wasn't it kiwi, shoe polish?
Yep.
Now, did you ever use it?
No.
Oh.
Well, somebody says I could be wrong, but I think the first TV couple to appear in the same bed were Bob and Emily Hartley and the Bob Newhart show.
The first year in the 72.
That is incorrect.
Now that I think about it, Archie and Edith slept in the same bed.
All in the family was on about the same time.
And so did the monsters.
Oh, geez.
The Elmo and cocaine online has got to go and the Joe Bell stuff is getting old too.
So somebody goes, Chris, too bad Chris.
Yes, you're right about that.
He's right that Joe Bell stuff is getting really old.
I won't call you tomorrow.
No, you won't.
Go away.
Yes, so that person was right.
In 1947, it was that show that he mentioned Mary K.
Johnny, Johnny and Mary K, which I guess was a later became I love Lucy or something like that.
No, like a spin-off or something.
How could Johnny and Mary K become I love Lucy?
I don't know.
It said like the more famous I love Lucy series that followed it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It came on after it.
Lucy.
Byron Peggan muster the Wonderdog who are beyond chronic.
I think all in the family might be the first.
No, no, not.
Nope.
Now you got everybody guessing on that.
But we got it now.
Dave and Carl Springs has got something pornographic to say about Dick Van Dyke and Mary Tyler Moore.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to see Dick Van Dyke and involved in anything sexual or even close to it.
The thought of it makes me nauseous.
Bob B, I'm your friend in the key.
He says, heard you speaking about Steve Allen.
At one time, very funny.
Isn't he dead yet? He's dead.
But I came across something interesting regarding him.
I was researching and found you on YouTube.
An old Steve Allen show where a clean cut Frank Zappa plays a bicycle on the show.
What does that mean?
He plays a bicycle on the show.
I don't know.
Pretty funny stuff.
And Zappa gets Steve to participate just a tidbit for you.
Zappa rules his Bob B.
Okay.
Well, I won't argue with that.
430 votes on our marginal pull, your recreational drug of choice.
Booze 204 marijuana 108, none 60.
After that, it's small tater tots.
Kathy says Tom Jikkin keeps singing his column.
It was the Brady's ironically who did have a double bed.
The Brady's is at Tom and Jizelle.
But I've always heard it was Herman and Lily in the monsters and predated the Brady Bunch.
The Brady Bunch had a double bed.
That's because what's his name was?
Yeah.
Rose Robert Reed.
Right.
Was gay.
And she was doing Greg.
No, she, no, that was just a rumor.
No, that was real.
According to whom?
She's like bios and stuff like that I've seen on TV.
Florence Henderson was doing Greg?
Absolutely.
They networked okay to because the show was so much fantasy.
The monsters and oddball.
The audience wouldn't think anything was going on anyway.
Plus they kept showing Lily putting a lily over her heart and going straight to sleep.
Because we wouldn't want to think that married couples were actually having sex.
No.
Kind of like NBC along the first interracial kiss on Star Trek between Kirk and Yehura.
Because the story in the story aliens were forcing them to do it for their amusement.
The influence being that it was something awful.
The inference says Kathy.
Thanks Kathy.
Kathy cared enough to send her very best.
And we were talking about Mama Cass and the sandwich.
Right.
A week or two ago.
Whenever the hell we were on.
It says according to Snopes, Cass Elliott died from fatty myocardial degeneration due to obesity.
A heart attack brought about by fatty degeneration of the heart muscle fiber.
Nothing was found blocking her mouth or her throat.
True.
Oh, and you know who this is from?
Nope.
The King of all media.
Sid Rosenstein, Bird Schwartz, Katz.
I thought Howard was the King of all media, but then again Sid kind of morphs into Howard every now and then.
Oh, Neil.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
It's the one to do our.
Hey, this is Vince for Swine Wow.
And you'll be saying, wow, I feel like I'm going to die if you get the swine flu.
That's why you need the swine wow.
Works like a sponge when it comes to the influenza virus.
Some kid back from spring break and can't cool and cough up a lung on your coffee table.
Wipe it up with swine wow.
Infected saliva, mucus.
That's where the disease is.
Soak it up with swine wow.
You following me there, CDC guy?
Swine wow is made in Mexico.
Hey, you know the Mexicans may kill a stuff.
Use the swine wow as a surgical mask.
I tell you, nothing's getting through the swine wow.
And if you order now, because you know the panic's not going to last forever,
we'll throw in another swine wow.
Absolutely free.
Swine wow.
Order now.
You'll say swine wow every time.
Vince.
One thing about him, man, he's compelling.
Even if you hate him like poison, he's still compelling.
And I mean, you can't get him out of your mind.
What was his real name?
Vince Yoshi Schmendrick.
I don't know.
Look it up, Google it.
Okay.
Sham wow Vince.
Some really, he's, he's Israeli.
Info man says, I saw the movie doubt.
Says Doug.
Doug is so full of it.
The principal had the George Bush bonehead attitude.
He didn't like something and wanted to get rid of it.
The priest was the Sodom of the movie.
The movie was about intolerance and what it does to progress.
Is that what you got from doubt?
Is that it was about intolerance and what it does to progress?
Huh?
Exactly.
The little kid was not manly according to his mom.
And so was the priest, but they didn't do anything.
How do we know that?
Thus the doubt that intolerant people feel,
you're supposed to feel sorry for her.
Says Info man.
For who the mom?
Why would I feel sorry for her?
I don't know.
When she says, oh it's only until June anyway.
Yeah, so bad for the kid.
Yeah, so let the priest did all the kid.
You know, it's only until June anyway.
Yeah, his name is Schlomi.
Schlomi, uh, you shmender.
Oh.
That's Vince from Sham wow.
Extra Jewish.
Okay, we got some cause light up for those three people of Anish.
They've vanished.
Told you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless lines.
We still do those?
I think so, yeah.
Well, I'm not really sure cause we're out of the loop.
They had, they told us nothing, you know.
Oh, here you go.
You're in a new building and they go ahead.
Some stuff works.
Some stuff doesn't work.
And good luck to you.
They gave it the old bum's rush.
Mm hmm.
Anything happening on the phone?
I mean, they waited eight months.
They were screaming.
Oh, we want the full as we want the calls.
Neil.
Nothing.
What?
Nothing yet.
Nothing.
Well, that's cause the delay is of what?
About five minutes?
Except when we wanted to be long minutes, like five seconds.
Like yesterday.
Oh, we got one if you want to take it.
Penguins one last night, by the way.
The fake Jim DeFeeder said,
and go and Miro Chutan.
Yeah, I like him too.
QAAM, hello.
Wait a minute.
Here you go.
Taking my call.
Yeah.
I have two things that I think Jill Bell would be interested in.
Yes, Jill Bell, I guess.
Or even QAAM management would follow the way you're interested.
One is it's new.
It's in good condition.
OJ Simpson's in the jockstrap.
And even find it there.
You got any other calls?
Yeah.
QAAM, hello.
QAAM.
Welcome to La Paloma.
Joey got here.
La Paloma.
Dining and dancing and whining and dining and dancing and dancing.
It's likely entertainment.
Wow.
These guys with the phones, man, they're right, it's incredible.
Yep.
It's captivating.
You got five calls waiting.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
I wonder if there anybody that we ever heard from before?
Probably.
QAAM, hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
OK. How you doing?
I want to tell you I was flipping channels last night and I came across the obnoxious
ludads you'll never believe who he had on as a political analyst Joey
it offered her I almost fell off the edge of the bed and I saw Joey Reynolds I couldn't believe it
no come on I'm serious he was on ludads on as a political analyst as a political analyst
I guess he's on WOR now yeah but I almost fell over because I didn't know
bad news there not everything in the world is good and that's some of the bad news
whoo dobs huh yeah ludobbs oh kill all those Mexicans kill everybody a
hateful right-wing fascist who pretends to be like you know middle of the road
and what's with the cameras that they use on him like they have this frosting on him
mm-hmm it's really weird yeah they use Vaseline to cover up the lens
hmm
oh sorry oh now there there you go that's the first time I've heard that in a long time
you ready Q-I-M hello hey dude how's it going okay great great show I'm your official
and a vanna white age corrector I don't know what that means vanna white what corrector
age corrector oh yeah we had her age wrong or some like that right away he you know you made
a mistake you made a mistake and that's his claim to fame now went that that's his label
he's the Anna vanna white age corrector guy okay not to be confused with the what did I ever do
to you guy or the quarter-shlock guy or those guys we got more or what yeah because I can't see him
I have no dots I have no eye and gun no nothing Dave Johnson be with us 11 o'clock tomorrow
and he gives us the the lowdown on the Belmont no what's your name Rachel Alexander she's not running
so mine that turd I don't know I don't really I don't really care who wins a Belmont do you yeah not
really I'm not gonna be betting on it what is it I don't know you get a guy on on the phone
yeah I know I got a guy on the phone what is he mumbling I don't know Q-I-M hello
hello yes sir
go ahead 61 I asked him
broken congratulations Q-I-M hello
Q-I-M
legal and in Canada oh not him again oh my god eight months later and they're all still out there
all the same losers we only got one more same returns only one more
yeah Q-I-M hello
oh he just emailed me the same crap really yeah he's in love with Miro Chutan
you want to take more oh don't tell me you've got more let him put him on hold okay
here's one from Rick tell flea to get his Schmidt together and get rid of the red bull song and
Elmo crap on the uh thing it sucks okay they say it sucks sure I'll take it off I don't care
do whatever you want don't don't let them push you around okay oh here's a bullet and Shamwa
Vince slomi was arrested on phone yeah we know all about it had to stir it old news old news
with the hooker and she bit his tongue and blah blah blah blah blah old news and present Lincoln
still got a bad headache too okay and he said the place sucked god old old news you talk about desperate
hawk mark oh boy isn't your buddy from across the street my buddy maybe he'll tell us when George
starts over there so what did George say or you didn't talk to him uh court judge court is
yeah Josh just said uh nothing new oh what does that mean I mean I mean I know nothing new but
does that mean that's a dead end over there or what he didn't really say that's all he told me
I know it's a dead end over here that's for damn sure the coldest attack him anyway this has been
the graveyard of radio mortals any mortals the QAM graveyard okay let's see what Hawk Mark has to
say hey Neil and Lee long time no email not long enough but I really been busy the past couple of
weeks I'm glad to hear Sid listen to you so intensely to your show tell him Andy King hates him
who's Andy King Andy King does the early morning like five to six Andy hangs out and does stuff
with Sadhana oh he hates Sid he's horrible and says it should under him a little bit get him really
annoyed just repeated a few times when his name comes up Andy King hates you Sid I haven't
anything regarding the George situation but then again Steve White is on vacation this week I'll
keep sniffing it let you know what's going on PS Neil you have so much money can you buy Calvin
Borrel some teeth please just kidding says Hawk Mark Andy King should not be on the radio you know
who he sounds exactly like Robert Grieper oh no yep if I've told those people once I've told him
yeah times do not put people on here who sound like Robert Grieper yeah the grim reaper lord of the
board yeah the the oh god the Kenyan blow morning show there was an experiment now that was
compelling oh god it compelled everybody to turn it off especially when whole campers kept talking
about Ethan Skull Nick smelly ball movements that was compelling radio you think yeah compelled me
to drive into a pole yeah that's part of that whole sports nerd thing man they even even sniff
each others of BMs boomer says I remember several episodes of I love Lucy from back in the
initial year 52 might have been 51 where they had several scenes with Ricky and Lucy in their bedroom
and having one bed I don't think so no he's correct they were actually the second show remember the
scene where she's knocked up and craving weird food combinations each chocolate ice cream with
sardines and some other crap while they're in the big bed it could have been a queen or a king size
she was really pregnant in real life and they wrote it in the script little Ricky by the way
the actor playing little Ricky was not Desiarnes Jr. but another paid actor well Desiarnes Jr.
that kid had the most incredible eyes I know that sounds awfully gay faggy but it's true
and it says in Tom jik is still bald and stupid the calls remain high on the suckage level are
not compelling radio please okay needs a bit more time on voice recognition for the chronics
and so far as when to hit the ever popular release button boying boying he writes yeah boy
he's doing a fine job for what you've been given to work with what he's been given to work with
I'm glad I got model radio these last 10 years in the business says boomer whoever that is
okay I'm supposed what he's a good guy boomer you know yeah he's one of Georgia's friends oh
Lauren says nice experiment with the colors have these big guys been on hold for
seven or eight months because it seems as if they have a misdeed you say you're taking calls
and WAMO there they are joebell's insight into what's good radio strikes again oh he loves my
interaction with the colors yeah with these great colors I mean what's not to let gets pretty
compelling Neil Rogers it appears that the vacancy left by David Souter in the Supreme Court is
about to be filled as president Obama is expected to come out here and tap Sonya Sotomayor
having been tapped by George each w bush in 1991 she should breeze through Congress and assume
the position oh wait a moment Bill Clinton has just tapped out I want to chance to tap that first
yet of course he was trying to tap Sonya Sotomayor the four Obama has a chance at her hey
father wants to be the first president to tap a Latina judge oh tell me that's not true this
will probably be the best time to cut to commercial and let me form a president take the
opportunity to explain the penal system to the new nominee yikes
117 at 560 wqa m so now did Bruce at beastly give you all the answers you were looking for no
I haven't seen ever since he walked by me no I'll probably when he heard you mention him on
here he flew in the other direction he read did he I think you should ask him before being compelling
enough today number one and number two how does he like the new arbitrage system I know he
doesn't like it very much really yeah I think I think that's why he's here today really maybe he
can talk some sense into jolly fat ass Joe or is it fat ass jolly Joe would that be great yeah
I mean you know this panel that they got I don't know where they got these and they got a lot
of sports nerds on there they got a kiss the ground for that but other than that they got nothing
we got zero and we're never going to have anything in this deal because our audience is not involved
in that panel that they found right they don't change it that that's the most that's the most
damning part of the whole thing they let about 1500 people determine for the next two years
who's going to have some numbers and who's not so pollen Ron they can sit back and just you know
laugh up their sleeve mm-hmm did you ever find the 18 to 34 just persons now I didn't have men
well persons who give you a good idea how many women are listening to bubble loves punch I
can't imagine many the loves pocket well he should have a pretty big number there if he's
still doing whatever he was doing although didn't he take a big drop in at the last one oh yeah he
got crushed took a big dump in that last one these these numbers are so bogus that there ought to be
there ought to be a congressional investigation is what they're ought to be I know the FCC's looking
into it and if we don't get our equipment fixed pretty soon they're going to be looking into us
brother and sister who say they're offspring of a priest from Foxboro mass say they've
sued a religious order in the arts diocese of Baltimore for $10 million in damages for child
support Foxboro mass the priest the Reverend Francis E. Ryan was a member of the St. Joseph
Society of the Sacred Heart in order whose headquarters are in Baltimore the laws filed by Adrian
Sennah 63 and Carla Laddie 56 is the latest chapter in a dramatic family story that's been
cloaked in mystery for decades and that crosses religious and racial fault lines growing up in the
South Senate believed he was the second of the three children of Anna Maria Rhea Franklin Sennah
who was black he'd heard rumors of his mother's affair with the white priest and after his family
moved from Roxbury in 1954 Sennah said he observed Ryan coming from his mother's bedroom I wonder
what they were doing in there meanwhile in New Jersey Laddie was searching for her birth mother
Laddie Carla Laddie she had been born in 1952 and put up her adoption while Rhea Sennah's
three older children were living in the North and in Alabama are you following all this you're
writing it down good in 2006 Laddie learned that Rhea Sennah was her mother adoption record said
her father was a white Irish American man DNA testing confirmed that she and Adrian Sennah were
full siblings after a story appeared in the Boston Globe in 2006 about their quest for answers
about their parentage relatives of Ryan came forward Laddie and Sennah soon had DNA evidence that
they and Ryan were related both Ryan and Rhea Sennah are deceased Ryan never acknowledged his
paternity Sennah and Laddie asserted in their suit assert in their suit which seeks both compensatory
and punitive damages we're talking about compensation for things he failed to provide when he was alive
and we were young said Sennah a filmmaker actor and musician was reached by telephone in his home
in British Columbia he pursued my mother and the order knew about it he pursued her and evidently
caught up with her the suit was filed April 1 in Baltimore a circuit court according to Carmen
Derso a Boston attorney representing Sennah and Laddie and papers were served yesterday on the
defendant's attorney the Reverend Edward Schiffroller the Josephites Superior General declined to
comment the Josephites I wonder what kind of garb they were you know aren't you always impressed by
the tremendous by the schmatz that all these religious nuts were yeah all these close in fact in
Rome once upon a time I was with a friend in Rome we were walking down I don't know some street and
and here's a store I couldn't have been that close to the Vatican because I've never been that close
to the Vatican I don't think but that's what they sold was a priestly garments yeah that's all they
sold were schmatz a spokesman for the Archdiocese he said the Archdiocese is asking to be removed from
the suit because Ryan was never a diocesan priest but a beep but a boop but a boop but a bob he never
stole a freight train all the hanky spanky all the time and you dump people out there you continue
subsidizing it the supporting it I just don't get it it's crazy it is crazy that's one thing I agree
with you on you say a lot of things are crazy but that is crazy subsidizing a bunch of pedophile priests
paying for all those lawsuits the thousand one hundred sixteen points more air france wreckage found
it says unlikely the black boxes are ever going to be found unless you want to swim around
down there at the bottom of the Atlantic 478 votes on the pool what's your recreational drug
of choice alcohol 227 marijuana 116 non-70 other prescription designer etc. 22 cocaine 11 crystal
meth seven heroin seven ecstasy six sniffing glue for acid four hash three and huffing gas we finally
got one we got one that must be our one maybe our one teenager yep they got us that 1.3 share in
teens how could we do with the same number in teens that we do in men 2554 is anybody on the
plan for the people at arbitrage believe it no is anybody believe it how's the phones doing
right now we have one call waiting no not good not good you think after eight months these people
would have so much pet up material stored up to those phones would be just blasting well one
of the phones on they just all start to blow up again oh is that how it works yeah
another was just like the old days they don't want to hang on right that's one thing you'll
learn about this crap is they don't they don't want to hang on five six seven oh five sixty and pound
five sixty on the Verizon and 18 T wireless line let's let's do it Q.A.M. hello
yeah I'm glad you talked about the job yeah that's the Reverend Jones uh guy you're terrible one
thing about him he does the worst fake voices in history yeah the worst you might take another one
oh don't tell me we got more got two more waiting whoa Q.A.M. hello Neil yes how you doing okay I want
to tell you better than time X take a look looking and keep on ticking yeah that's me
don't try to joke down either he's a third jack Russell he's a jack rectum
okay next call go ahead Q.A.M. hello hey and you how you doing buddy okay are you allowed to speak
about what happened to you show no no all right never mind and have a good day hey I'm sure you're
okay thanks you got like four waiting if you want more four waiting oh my god you're right
monkey see monkey do I can spell a monkey do all the way up here okay can punch one up
a two a.m. hello hello it's clever Ian from the just for a tall band the rowdy yeah huh are you
daring okay with the phony voice again yeah that's the Reverend Jones again with another bad phony
voice really really bad yeah Q.A.M. hello here Ian who is this who you're calling
I'll get on the show who you're calling
uh Neil Neil body okay this is he this is he this is Neil
yeah you're on man what's up
god what do you mean what's up you're trying to you're trying to make chop liver out of that
out of chicken droppings yeah that's true bozo retardo but you got five more whenever you're ready
well let's take the break and then build up some courage for it
oh Neil god
I've been a little paranoid lately about this whole swine for the
new one's reporting more cases and the illness it brings and each time they tell they say
the terms like you claim so I know scrubbing then are in season when I wanted to say
I'm running my baby you don't want virus on yourself I think you'll probably be fine just wash
your hands for your health
wash your hands baby scrub them good
baby baby baby this one food won't go away I hear there's many more playports being
infected each day
all right well now these numbers are these men or these persons you just sent me this is
persons that's all I have right now bubble loves bunch according to the latest
fictitious stuff from Bellsville Maryland persons 18 to 34 he's got a 3.4 share
and ranks number 10 pollen Ron and 8.3 share rank number three right
syphilis 8.1 share 0.1 yep
I think we got a point two in persons 25 or 18 to 34 we can brush him huh we can
double your audience miss syphilis 18 to 34 well most 18 to 34 aren't Nazis don't listen to
6.10 right the aren't Nazi youth God that is these numbers are just all over the place you know
what's the point that's but that's my question why would anybody pay these grave robbers for this
you know you know you could take a 10 gallon hat and put a bunch of numbers and the
colliders of all the stations in there and the ink them out and then probably be more scientific
than what they're doing oh but the panel this and the pay I screw the panel the douse down 122
and let me see it again it's going to be real interesting to see those nighttime number because
that that number like you said it could be the NBA games but I doubted well let's see persons 18
to 34 at night we had a one five share no that crushes us yep of course everything crushes us
and anything to do with sports on the station crushes us matter to it's interesting for the last
11.5 years it was just the other way around right as a matter of fact it's the second highest rated
day part for us with that one five all right all right must be DA so you just wait wait until we
catch up with that week when we weren't here for three days and DA was on with a variety of goofballs
wait till that kicks in what's it good about a nine share that week oh brother I mean wait till
they get about a yeah I share Robert Creeper the grim reaper the Lord of the board I would sit in here
and listen to that swill and just want to scream yeah I mean Kenny Walker maybe the nicest guy
know well I never met him I don't know I know he did the p8 the dolphin games once upon a time
still does I think he still do yeah but wow if there was one thing he was not cut out for was
that Kenny and blow a morning show that was just that was not compelling radio no he told me to
just go nuts it was terrible especially when I have to hear about Ethan Skolnik's Balmow it's
that that way those are the days when they had all the sports writers it was like a cluster
schmuck wow and you've got six calls holding really well let's punch one up I bet they're going to be great
QAM hello okay okay okay we both hit yeah exactly my mind must have worked yeah I think it did
I think they both know yeah guess what our dump buttons work now okay so you're wasting your time
oh yeah let's hear it they work only took two and a half weeks but wow they work man what what a
technical disaster QAM hello here I am yeah I'm not gonna mobile I knew I mentioned the guy
yesterday in here when the music thing I got him Jay Frank Wilson last kiss yeah I want to know
if you can look up his book because somebody told me that Jay Frank Wilson is actually Wayne
Cochrane got it with down here Miami had a big band back in the 70s and 80s yeah I know he can
verify that's true I'll Google it I'll Google it for you okay I'll Google it for you I'll let you know
in a minute okay thanks you know don't hold on just listen to the radio yeah or hold on if you
want to but I know he never knew he was talking to me you talking to me okay Jay
Frank Wilson oh where oh where did my baby go oh let's see Wikipedia
lead vocalist Frank Wilson and the Cavaliers born in Lufkin Texas yadayadayadayaday he did this he did
that the yadayadayadayaday last kiss was written by Wayne Cochrane who had based the song in a
car accident in Barnesville Georgia where he had lived the song was originally produced by Wayne
Cochrane and the CC writers with little success how do you like that wow so he you know he had the
connection there in fact I think I'm thinking back in the day I think Craig Worthing used to have
Wayne Cochrane as a guest all the time back in the old KAT days see what you missed yeah and holy Joe
and Ernie Sochin and the bio rhythms and Henry Rothblatt Dr Dr now there was a you talk about
compelling he's been dead a long time but the great criminal attorney Henry Rothblatt he was one
of my favorite guests and boy he hated the medical profession and he died because he had a big
tumor on his wrist and he wouldn't seek medical treatment he died from cancer and that kind of
strange one night I had him on my show and I didn't want to say anything you know it's awkward
what's that big black thing growing on your wrist you know Henry right Dr Dr and he was right about
the butchers in the medical profession and the hospitals and all that stuff you know
great guest that was back in the days of geth now you want to start booking some really compelling
guests like like maybe Dave Johnson no no Dave Johnson's tomorrow okay I'm talking about for future
shows like maybe what's his name I'm trying to think of a compelling guest Rick Sanchez Rick Sanchez
to be not compelling there would know it would be a good compelling or not compelling that's like
gay or not gay on the Kenyan blow morning show square the square table your buddy toast brought
that over there from across the street I understand that's true he was partially responsible for
the demise of that for the disaster that that sure was toast now what worse here is he across the
street he's with Paul and Ron oh my god no wonder they got that big number not
toast is on with Paul and Ron if he can do for them what he did for Kenyan blow they'll have a
they'll have a something oh pretty soon I mean doesn't that tell you right out of the box how
bogus these numbers are when you see them with like ten and shares and thirteen and whatever what
was it twelve point five that one twelve point five share that's one out of every eight men in the
mornings listen to Paul and old Ron right recycle old material a lot of it mine a lot of it fills
anybody else's but theirs Paul given the Toronto weather based on what I said the day before it's
murky by the way Paul it's not too uh not too to although it's supposed to be toasty starting
tomorrow through the weekend thank God it's about time it's been cold and nasty and windy 17 at
sixty three here right now it's going to reach nineteen sixty uh... six sunny and sixty six tomorrow
sunny and seventy three on Friday and Saturday sunny and twenty two there's a Toronto weather for
a castor know we'll be sure and use it with care tomorrow how do people get away with that
stealing other people's material and then do it blatantly you know what I mean yeah
brazenly a brazen display of speed as Tom Durkin would say but I hope he doesn't mess up the
call on the bill might like he did in the uh... derby
keep your eye on mind that bird i i don't know if i want to win or not
i just don't want to see calvin of a borell whooping and whooping and
screaming like a crazy person you know after the race right puts on a he puts on it
it's one thing to get excited obviously it's the big races a lot of money and stuff
but i just don't want to see that routine repeated a third time oh god
all in momma dad i wish they could be here to see any and he's looking up in the sky you know
what were these people looking up for the sky like all these athletes
guys scores a test on his looking up in the sky and he's pointing point into the sky you know
right which means maybe a pigeon just hit him on the head i don't know
pointing at the sky maybe maybe he's talking to the spirit in the sky
yeah that's going around these days normand green bomb is compelling a lot of people to point
to the sky see he was on a something yeah he was on something all right
and those people had voted for him as being the best uh... one hit wonder of all time they
must have been on something to and i bet you it's on our list probably they've been
huffing gas we got to now huffing gas all right they're probably competing at your neighborhood
shell station thanks mr. president by the way for concerning with those
Saudi bastards over there and sucking up to them he i don't know i like him
personally but as president he just so far has left me a little limp
you know what i mean i like him a lot
but i'm unconvinced yet 500 votes on the pool not too shabby
i'm pretty impressed aren't you that's a brand new pool enough there early this morning i believe
yeah and we got 500 votes according to the people in beltsville merlin that's four times as many
as we have listening i'm following announcement is paid for by adidas
leaky to cleveland cavaliers and heins underwear yo what's up this is the brine james give me
little love i'm a basketball phenom on a acrid oh hi oh oh my fire stone tires for your card
truck or SUV can i get a little bit of on a fire stone tires my brother now the oh hi oh
state athletic association has suspended me for the rest of the season oh man i know right
and declared me unintelligable or something because i accepted two old school sports jersey
oh come on what i don't understand what the hell i done wrong unlike most people i got lots of
birthdays during the count you know what people like to give me things like to see a Pepsi twist
a twist on a great thing right right all right all right right anyway drink Pepsi
right i'm just a normal eight senior or high school student who just happens to drive a $50,000
weighs a diamond ear in the size of a small child's head
let's look at the pocket cage ulus because every kiss begins with case
think baby right i don't get the whole big thing chicken wing i may still go to college
all right i got some of the office right here check this one an unnamed school that's
nestled in a blue grass area offers a penthouse apartment of penthouse pet right and a lifetime
of description to pay the back of the
i see they're offering like a theme package deal here's another institution in the heart of the
chapel hill area which will go unnamed says they be honored to have me they have boxed up and sent
to me a naked Russian woman direct from Russia which i keep from my own boy right i haven't
unpacked it yet but she's knocking and screaming and whatnot i have my boy tyrant here puts it
in the garage with my box of cougar and from an unnamed university closely associated with a
Wolverine garage is spilling over anyway i got to get back to class now with my voice
miss like three months so far oh snap i just built my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo boss suit look at
this i got a little McDonald's special sauce on there by the way come on in party with a big
before limited time you visit one part to spade McDonald's and buy a big man you get no one for 35
six
it's a birthday
yeah yeah peace out the preceding has been paid for by footlocker an unnamed university in the
nutmeg state and deaf comedy jam 147 at five sixty if it was good enough to start to show with
it's good enough to almost end it it's old by the way that's an oldie about Lee bran
if it's hebraan then why isn't it leberan i don't know maybe maybe
all these guys are pronouncing his name wrong all this time could be it's leberan huh levy
sure or levy scooter levy if Joe Rose misses a day anytime soon we're going to start the rumor that he
eloped with levy can you tell me what the obsession is with these dumb basketball players what is
that all about Kobe and levy and this one and that one then of course don't forget about and the
icy sleeve you ever were the icy sleeve never well that's your problem you'd probably be making
big bucks producing the show if you ever came in with the icy sleeve on then they would fear you
i'll wear one tomorrow the fake Michael Phelps has got a great idea for compelling guest
you want to hear it yeah it says you should have storm cat on the show you better book him now
he's a very busy and important man stormy he can give us the lowdown on leberan leberan hebraan
stormy what do you think okay
i think he'd be great absolutely on somebody else's show he already is just the same as a guest see i
don't know about you but i'm just not one that's really big this goes way way back to my early days
doing talk on k-a-t a hundred years ago i was never big on chronic regular callers i always thought
they were just to kiss a death you're take you're not i don't have any on that you have any
opinion on that i mean if the guest is good the guest is good if not then they're not no no i
didn't say guess i'm talking i said chronic callers oh yeah well we have a lot of those i'm not
big on those no i mean either oh boy i'm back in those days in fact back in the day when we used
to have like four talk stations w-n-w-s-w-i-n-z-w-g-b-s-n-w-i-o-d four talk stations can you imagine that and
none of them were talking about sports all day i would be headed sports talk for two hours now is it
and w-n-w-s we didn't have any sports talk except i think on a weekend we had some ball games and
stuff how did you guys survive not i know major mirror major mystery i guess how do we survive without
sports talk good question and boy were there there you could you could listen to the radio and
turn from one station to one other and hear the same collar like two minutes later on another station
and what we also used to get was oh my gosh do you hear what someone so just said about you on the
lary can't show and like like that you know right radio yintis chronic radio yintis
so that's just my take i think ronk chronic regular call i mean if they're that good give them
their own show you know if they're that compelling stormy at night stormy at night
class it in the day and stormy at night
or like lowel schumacher the old turkey buzzer said in sarasota peter in the morning and fever all
night peter johns i couldn't believe he said it but he did when i scraped myself off the floor there
have been those moments those radio moments over the years when you start laughing so hard and you
just lose it you know right i remember the one time peter Clayton the late restaurant critic was
on with bill calder and he brought in a can of something that looked suspiciously like dog
turds and he took out a spoon he opened the can and he began eating them on the air
very delicately i mean this this was a guy who put on the air of you know like dick fatherly that
same kind of you know my stuff don't stink restaurant critic you know the type yeah and he's
eaten like look like dog turds you know i mean i start laughing so hard i pro i had to prop
myself against the wall and i definitely peed my pants i mean i don't recall for sure
it's contagious to you when you listen to it on the radio and you hear people laugh and you
kind of laugh along with them yeah like the bobbin tom bits yeah now there's some people who think
that that's over the top i think it enhances the funniness of the bit of course most of
their really good bits we can't play anymore but nevertheless i like bobbin tom a lot especially
back when they were funny when they could do their thing they're they're another they're another
couple of guys who you know have been around for a long time and they've been deballed thanks to
Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell and they don't even have joysticks in them with
now let me ask you how is how is bobbin doing with the a joys factor on a west coast that's a good
question i have no idea but his show us a lot more blue than yours that's for sure yeah it blows
well it blew
love is blue by palm or yacht there's what we missed yesterday let's go back and reopen that again
okay one hit wonders palm or yet that maybe it was on there i don't know there were so many songs on
there every song that was ever done and you know with myers they might be doing what they did
here with howard's turn just dump it dump it and use it oh it's terrible don't even put it on
huh then don't even put it on if you're gonna dump it the way they were dumping howard's
terrible and the certain thing was ridiculous i mean they they they poked enough holes in that to
make you show like a piece of Swiss cheese right it was bad and he still got a big number and i
had a bigger number following him how do you like that because there weren't a bunch of sports
nerds listening to howard but it just uh you know mix and match and we don't mix and we don't match
it's day i in Miami town at five six oh wq a
oh
take your coat and jump it i ain't gonna work it no more
feel good i've had enough of all the credit fairies as that both large
i'm getting tired of getting money away you're the christian corporate or you can take your
card and jump it i ain't worse than in no more
well i was a christian soldier of god believer all these you all that time i followed
every word of the scriptures grit my queers catch keys say he's a powerful god and then
all the women of my team wait except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bus friends all the day
take your card and jump it i ain't gonna work it no more
just that you're alright the empty windows because everybody else is wrong
and i'm getting tired of watching people die the name of it is visible or alright
but take your card and jump it i ain't worse than in no more
go go go go go take your card and jump it oh i ain't worse than in no more
and oh yeah we're going out of business bye bye bye
