The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars and do not reflect those who want your take on next season.
Jordan, you like him?
Oh yeah, he's my buddy.
He's not half.
We're just going to be in the same class tonight.
I'm going to have a U.K.A.M. Miami.
So many last times.
So little time.
Ask clown.
That can be a volume in the sitcom.
Right, come on.
Michael S'maro.
Well, why not?
Because it's today.
Let's start the very cute one right now.
Let's get the V-Style and Hurricane Warlock.
Dial 5670560 in date and brown.
Go came, man.
We didn't know we had another one.
So I'll be on five.
Go came and go came.
Or pound 568.
Get some Virginia Tech and they will suffer while it's falling.
The opinion's expressed by me.
Go find your own.
His guests or his collars.
We do not represent those of WQA.
I'm 68.540.
On the hill, as the O'Rodger and I think we have.
On 560 WQAM.
Just tell me what your problem is.
I don't mind.
Just when you start to join me.
I'll be a stupid bitch.
I don't mind getting it again.
Yeah.
He done it again.
1001 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Possible Hurricane hotline on the schedule today.
But we never found out.
We got a hurricane hotline or not.
We didn't find out.
I didn't find out.
Mom, let's follow through on this stuff.
Terrancy.
Slacker.
He needs to be beaten with a tyrant.
God.
Possible as if.
I bet there's a lot of people out there in the audience on the edge of their seats.
Oh, we want to know when that Hurricane hotline is on.
Is it on?
Or is it all possible?
Well, anyway, we got the big O'Rod too.
He's on.
Something.
Jim Mandage 4-7.
Who's getting clobbered by a labaster in the afternoon.
Maybe following two hours of dead air just doesn't work for the man of dogs.
It's often tonight, 7-8.
And DA shows speaking dead air for me to 11-10-9.
Oh, we got a lot of dead air on this station, you know what?
We got a lot of dead air.
But wait till we get that signal cranked up, baby, and somebody can hear us.
Right.
Any of it at the end.
No, it's going to be a while.
Now, what are we going?
8 million watts?
Right.
8 million watts days and 45 billion watts at night.
I understand at nighttime, you couldn't hear the station if they paid you a Zillion dollars.
Can you hear it?
And we wonder why we get shares at night.
Nobody can hear it.
Even in the building, they can't hear it.
I think DA ought to sue their ass.
Not a good idea.
Oh, it's a suit.
It's a lawsuit, Greg.
It's a suit.
Oh, my God.
Here's our first email today.
Have no fear, Jolly Jo is here.
To little George from the real fake Jolly Jo bell.
You ready to go yourself strapped in?
Yeah, I got the volume turned down on my change in the station.
This was supposed to be a secret, but I can't hold it in any longer.
Little George, your new O-9 Cadillac Escalade is being customized as I write this.
I couldn't give you just any ordinary Cadillac straight from the factory.
No, only the best for my little George.
This puppy has all the bells and whistles.
It's painted money green, has 30-inch gold rims, embroidered pot leaves on the seats,
and a sound system that will blow your eardrums out.
There's two phone books on the seats you can see over the wheel and a couple pounds of weed and the trunk for all time's sake.
Don't worry about a thing.
You deserve it, my friend.
You've been patiently waiting for this day.
Congratulations, little George.
March down to my office immediately after Neil reads this and get the keys, Cato.
Your boss and friend question mark, Jolly Jo bell.
And that's swell?
Yeah.
That's from Eddie.
Eddie Eddie Eddie.
Eddie Edmonds.
Not that Eddie, but some might be.
Some guy named Eddie who thinks he's very amusing.
Just like your friend John Z. Tiar, I thought he was very amusing with that fake picture of Mr. Radio.
Yeah.
Oh, but thanks for the movies.
Yeah, that's right. Thanks for the movies. See, it's a mixed bag.
Right.
It's a mixed bag mixed.
Well, you got to take the good with the bad deal.
That's right.
We'll take the free movies.
I mean, all the swill he sends, we can delete it.
Like Mr. Radio, we deleted him yesterday.
We're eating it.
Eat it or delete it.
Oh, here we go.
Here's a pull from Leonard.
Dr. Brown's celery.
Well, good for you.
Sounds awfully Jewish.
Oh, Ray.
Oh, yeah.
Gross.
Yeah, once.
Yes, like it's like drinking celery.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Only a real only.
I've too long since comes to mind.
I don't know why, but.
Why would you drink that crap?
I mean, Dr. Brown's sodas are fine, but not celery.
Ray.
Well, we'll get to that pool momentarily in time.
We had a lot of time to kill her today, not tomorrow and hopefully not on Friday.
Not that we want to be slackers or like that, but we do.
I want to play that bit again.
I go mom, just when you thought you couldn't beat a big, a stupid bitch.
I go mom, get it again.
Oh, yeah.
She's everywhere.
Her and Oprah and.
Chris Brown and.
Less brown and his man to renowned.
Rihanna.
I'll get back to you, Rihanna.
I'm sure.
The fake Tom Jicke says Steve Dollars and software.
He's been listening to your show and he blogs.
Down here in Florida, they're whining on TV about how they've only had one rainy day since Thanksgiving.
These people are always complaining.
No wonder Neal doesn't take calls.
Reports the fake Tom Jicke.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
If Steve Dollars anybody else from out of the market ever heard the calls that we get in the show,
they'd understand immediately if not sooner.
Why old Neal doesn't take calls, ain't gonna take calls, and if sick and tired of calls, they suck.
They blow.
They blow.
They are what they are.
As opposed to the emails which they most of them blow to, but you can try to make something out of them.
You can't make something out of your airplane.
I'm your friend.
I'm gonna Joyce again in a minute.
Really? Well maybe we can go at the same time.
I'm serial.
And then you need to either one of us or come back in time and it'll be just dead here.
I'm serious.
I may Joyce right now.
We'll just play something long.
The fake Tom Jicke has got another one.
Really busy this morning.
Listening to Greg Budeau online from Q96 in Montgomery, Alabama this morning,
heard the Larry King no drop in the first minute.
I listened.
Which is another way of saying, oh yeah.
I know in my spare time I listen to Greg from Montgomery, Alabama on online.
Oh all the time.
So I can hear all our drop.
No.
I'm streaming now.
No.
I'm podcasting.
So thanks a lot fake Tom Jicke for nothing.
I'm gonna do the break a little bit early because I really am.
Well then.
I'm impressed at how the pressure pressure.
Maria the pressure is building.
Oh, no.
Oh god.
Dear Neil, please don't be alone.
Concer every to what you say.
He has a great voice.
And there's a good man.
No, don't be as a mother.
I'm going to do it.
What are you doing?
I'm writing fake emails.
Good job.
Don't you understand it?
You're sick.
You need help.
You hear that?
What?
I might not be back.
You need help.
What?
Yes, listen.
I'm on this right now.
It's the new of me.
Now.
And Hello, my sister, all to leave.
Me.
Ow.
He's always aching for the beat.
But how bad can my voice be?
I'm the mighty voice of the band.
I should have that job not you.
Get up so I can sit down and write Neil of fake E-men.
And spend some time just blowing lies out my ass.
I want to say we both sit down and write Neil of fake E-men.
I forgive him.
And maybe Neil will leave it.
Why, why, why, why?
Why, we can almost feel it swelling up down there.
Oh, you're so stupid.
I did it.
No!
Oh, boy, just made it back.
Good luck.
This might go on for a while.
I've got a wild screaming diarrhea.
All right then.
Where the hell did this come from?
I mean, besides my rectum ass.
No, I mean, what's this all about?
Everything was just fine and quiet and normal until about, I don't know, 10-0-5.
Must have been something you ate.
No, it must have been that jolly joebelly male I read.
Do it to you every time.
You do it to your joebell allergies.
You could sell it.
Oh.
Good thing that break seemed like about 20 minutes because I needed it.
Well good.
I was in and out of that magic room about four times.
Well, I stayed right here.
Did you?
Yeah.
Well, you must not have the pressure, pressure.
No.
We got real pressure going today.
No, I can wait.
I can't.
In fact, I hate to say it.
I don't want to be too gross, but I really desperately need to go wash my hands.
Okay.
I mean, not right this second.
Go ahead.
Dear advertiser, this is your official notification from Yahoo Inc.
Another fake crank email.
God, the crap that comes through on there.
All the crap is, uh, it's my specialty du jour today.
I am just...
Here's one from Mary who says subject American Idol.
I know you hate to show.
Correct.
I will not watch it.
But you have to see Adam.
He had an issue with a picture of him kissing a guy popped up on the internet last week.
I see.
Adam.
Hey, Adam.
I don't know what I'll check Adam out.
You have to see Adam.
I sure hope Adam is in his ugly as that.
Remember that Chuck from Chicago guy that was like, oh, my wife thinks so and so is.
She's got the same face as you.
And it was that guy from that awful TV show that real ugly guy.
Yeah.
Oh, now here comes a...
This is unacceptable.
Yesterday it was Mr. Radio, who was, I would say, the most anxious and unacceptable of them all,
although vying for that distinction.
Well, why is this ass clown emailing me all the time now?
Stormcat.
Why are you still talking about me every day?
You know what?
Don't even read this on the ear.
Well, I am reading it on there.
How do you like that?
Nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh.
I'ma tell you.
I'm a bigger man than you.
In my last email, I extended a friendly hand you two days ago.
All I did was rip me again yesterday.
That's it.
You never listen when I call Joe anyway.
So how the hell do you know if I'm boring or what?
Even the damn beast told that I was a big part of Joe's show.
And you just can't let go.
You're like my wife.
Two dudes can always agree to something, but all you do is
yap your mouth like women do.
I never talk about you.
I don't want no beef with you, but you just can't leave me alone.
I'ma tell you one more time.
I'ma tell you.
Uh-huh.
This isn't Stormcat.
Of course not.
Cut it out and there ain't going to be no issues.
Don't be like a whole man's storm.
Oh, I'm going to be a running game.
They're going to be storm on the pot.
Wow.
I'm telling you, I've got wild screaming.
I haven't had nothing like this in years.
In a dog's age.
I'm trying to think, you know, when you have something like this,
go on.
Yeah.
How about asking yourself, what did I eat yesterday that inspired this?
Right.
Incredible, bizarre.
Twice you should always keep a little notebook.
Really?
Keep a little diary.
Diary, I've got rid of that.
I know I've got a big diary.
Not a little one.
Oh boy.
Good thing that bit lasted a minute and some odd.
Wow.
That was odd.
I mean, I'm talking about racing in there.
Just racing.
Oh.
Little did I expect this.
This must be the punishment I'm getting today in advance of that ballgame tomorrow.
11th, 11th, 30th, the pregame show tomorrow.
We got an hour and a half show.
Sweet.
No, how sweet.
Better than the Marlin days.
The Marlin.
Good to Marlins.
Tamarack.
A four-year-old preschooler caused a führer when he pulled a plastic bag of
Pothra and his book bag and casually told another young classmate,
that's my brother's weed.
The police report says.
That's my brother's weed.
The boy whose words caused a stir at the Tamarack preschool at 68 or
one West commercial boulevard spurred teacher Iris De Silva into action.
The Silva 45-coral springs checked the child's book bag and found tumor.
I wonder if she's checked the children.
And found two more small ziplock bags filled with marriage.
We need tucked inside.
She promptly called the sheriff's office and the child abuse outline for help.
A police report said.
According to the sheriff's office, the preschooler initially told investigators his older brother put the
drug in the book bag to hide it because he can't smoke it in their house.
He later changed his story and said he found it on a table in his brother's room.
The report said.
The boy's mother, whose name was not released, told investigators she never found marijuana in her house.
And there was none in this book bag when she packed it last Friday.
Neither the Silva nor the preschools director could be reached on Wednesday for comment today.
This is from the scum sentinel so there might be a little bit of truth in it.
I doubt it.
Investigators checked the child's home and found no evidence of problems the report said.
The marijuana was slated to be destroyed to be put.
The case remains under investigation.
You better get over to that Tamarack preschool jurors.
I'm going to destroy it.
I'm going to help them destroy it.
My piece of really good weed is his brother's weed.
My brother's weed, my sack.
Tell me who his brother is.
I'll let you know if it's good weed.
And my sister's crack.
Oh, and the story.
You need to add what?
Can I borrow it?
You need to add I don't drink soda to the pool.
Okay.
I don't drink soda.
What kind of person doesn't drink soda?
Do you know anybody who doesn't drink any kind of soda?
Yeah, lots of people I do.
You do?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
See ya.
I don't want to let all these redig water fall on me.
What?
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Well, you're just out of control today.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I'd rather listen to Mr. Radio than all this rambling you do.
Mike says they call me Stormy Monday because I call on Monday Tuesday.
I can remember listening to Rick Shaw at night back in the 60s in Palm Beach County.
The signal was pretty strong.
Now you can barely hear it.
Whatever that means.
They call me Stormy Monday.
Oh, here's me.
Oh, my God.
I don't read the me's stuff.
Good.
Oh, great.
You know, here's a spy report.
I just heard the spy report.
It is true.
I used that drop in my Q-nundrum bit.
I thought our stream was down to them.
I'm going to be in Fort Lauderdale for Easter.
I'm looking forward to getting Joe's ear.
I was listening to your show yesterday.
Johnny Dark was spot on his observations about you.
What do you have against me?
What did I ever do to you?
You seem to be a lot more surly in your older age.
Now it's just a radio show and you can't handle it.
That's the problem.
Emotional cripples like you and Johnny Dork can't handle it.
It's a radio show.
All this crap about all the way you treat people.
What do you know about the way I treat people?
My relationships with my friends and the people I really care about.
I don't give a crap about these radio people.
Johnny Dark and Greg Voodell.
What are they to me?
Other sides of annoyance.
The real ones are the imaginary ones.
The distinction is subtle.
Here's one from Dow who says no more polls.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say, Dow.
No more polls.
Complaints and critiques.
Yeah, they are exactly.
Complaints and critiques and life instruction.
No material.
Nothing to say.
No points.
No one's coming from people who are so much more successful than I am.
I'm sure.
Right.
I need to listen to their advice about how to do life.
Greg Voodell is going to have Joe's ear and blah blah blah.
See, that's the real world.
And it's Joe.
I don't know and I don't care.
I don't care about Greg Voodell.
I don't need to see anybody else.
Here's the poll for me yesterday.
No more polls.
No more polls.
Why not?
Why they don't not?
Dow.
I don't know.
Right now, my employment status is the 662 votes and then I shmit candid.
I didn't like that poll.
I'm not saying the one today is great, but that one yesterday was depressing.
I mean, are we going to dwell on the fact that everybody's out of work and we've got a
depression and I've always got any money and, huh?
We're going to dwell on it.
We're bailing out all these grave robbers, all these CEOs with their millions and millions
and billions and all this crap.
Oh, and poor Bernie made off.
He's going to plead guilty and go to jail the rest of his life.
He shouldn't be in jail.
He should be fried.
He should be eaten.
He should be French fried on the electorate here, right on national TV.
All the network should be mandated to carry it live.
I mean, don't you think when you rip off somebody from all their life savings, millions and
billions of dollars that you ought to be fried?
Yes.
And then eaten.
Right.
And not eaten.
Oh, fooey.
Well, I'm not going to do it.
No, you feed them to some poor people that he ripped off.
Right now, my employment status is have a job happy with it.
Thank you.
186.
Well, that's good.
Have a job at dissatisfied with 114.
I'm self-employed.
100.
Have a job and had to take a pay cut.
59.
Big, big ass pay cuts.
Oh, yeah.
Cold cuts and pay cuts.
Retired.
49.
Have a job.
Got a pay raise.
48.
Thank God the pressure stopped.
I can be sitting here very comfortably now.
Oh, my God.
Good.
Then that was a horrendous experience.
I mean, just like there's no end to it.
Show me behind that over.
Either is it?
I have for the moment it is.
Don't start trying to like inspire, you know.
I can't.
I thought to my mind, you bastard.
You little jerk.
Have a job and got a pay raise 48.
No job living off my unemployment.
26.
No job looking.
No job have given up looking 24.
That sentence there, Charlie B. I don't know.
Was this Charlie's poll?
I don't know.
He chased him away.
Like you do with everything.
No, he came back.
Oh, yeah, I chased everybody away.
That's right.
The ones I want to chase away like Mr. Radio, I can't get rid of.
No job, but my significant other supporting me 23.
I have more than one job, 21.
No job living with my parents 12 out of 662 votes.
There's yesterday's poll.
Now, now, especially since I've already been instructed, no more polls.
No more polls.
I mean, what is that?
What is wrong with some of these people?
Is the poll hurting him?
Yes.
The poll has decreased his life.
Oh, attention, beneficiary.
Here's one.
I love those.
Yeah.
Oh, here's Mike Smith again.
Stormy Monday is an almond brother song.
Well, good.
Never heard it.
Do you ever hear it?
Maybe.
The almond brothers?
I never heard a ramblin man.
We heard that.
No, never.
I don't have it.
Never what?
Stormy?
Stormy Monday.
Stormy Monday.
We have rainy days in Mondays.
And we got stormy by the classics forward.
Dennis Yerst is still dead.
But Luma, they know some.
We don't got no stormy Monday.
Got Bluma, they buy fats, domino.
A lot of things.
Don't you?
Yes, I do.
I have it by fats, domino, new order, orgy, and the cure.
How's that?
I'll be danged.
Yoshi Schmendrich says, Neil Aleyley, the show's been very entertained to me.
I love the email format.
George just wants to dumb callers back.
Just please explain who is Mr. Radio.
Sometimes I catch myself listening.
I can't figure out what or who you're talking about.
Not telling you what to do.
I know you hate that.
Just if you can tell us who these people are, especially if it's someone you don't
talk about very often.
Mr. Radio obviously is a chronic who gave himself that title.
Because he's a radio groupie.
A chronic, a jackass, a simple, an idiot, an annoying, annoying chronic.
Chronic, listener, chronic, fax your chronic, email your chronic, chronic, chronic.
That's him.
PS, my stomach is turning.
Now here comes this is textbook.
textbook.
Yeah.
PS, my stomach is turning when I think of what I have to listen to tomorrow, the Beeson
Zagaki instead of Neil God.
You don't have to listen to anything.
See, I really doubt that there's somebody with a gun to your head who's going to force
you to listen to the basketball.
You don't know that.
You're being presumptuous.
Yeah.
What I have to listen to tomorrow.
This is very, very sad.
This is just another way of screaming to the world at the top of your lungs.
I have no life.
Right.
Oh, what am I going to do?
I won't have Neil God, my Neil for us.
Too bad we're going to enjoy the time off because you're a bastard.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Can't believe the language I hear home, key reason.
I dropped a lot of S bombs this morning last half hour.
I'll tell you that.
I mean, when I'm bomb a grande.
See?
A thousand up 64 points.
Wow.
What we do.
Pulling his money.
Briefly, top 7,000 now it's under 7,000 again.
Briefly.
Yeah.
Of course, Maria.
Somewhere in my pile of crafter, I got a thing that from Maria Barthoromo, the fake one.
No.
I'm just going to take what you know.
Seriously, here it is.
Came in yesterday at 6.06 PM.
No, I'm going to take what you say as the emis.
Every email is a fake.
Right.
There are no real emails.
Correct.
Maria Bees is Mr. Rogers.
I have written in a while, but I have been listening.
As I'm sure you're aware, the markets have been under pressure recently.
At 6 PM, I'm just finishing up work on this tremendous day where the markets finished
up almost 380 points.
This series, the beginning of the true Obama bounce.
I do realize I was little bit early to the party recommended you and your listeners to
buy a 12,000 and then a 10,000.
And most of the reason that it's 8,000, but I'm sure now that we're close to 6,000,
it's time to buy.
Haha.
Oh.
If you start the investor your future Friday statement with me once a month, I can
illustrate some of the fantastic buying opportunities that will be available through the
company Obama bounce.
While I'm off to have dinner with Jim Kramer and Larry Cudlow, oh, regards Maria Be.
Maria Be a crazy person.
Here's one from the real Zisco.
Try taking some pepto bismol.
Usually does the job.
Take care and happy anniversary.
Z Z.
First of all, I wouldn't take pepto bismol with your mouth.
It doesn't do anything.
It makes your feces black.
That's what it does.
It does something.
It makes your duty black.
Dark stool.
Dark real dark, not dark black.
Black stool.
Haha.
It's okay to sit on it.
What is with you today with a crap?
What is wrong with you, man?
Is that wrong with me?
Yeah.
What is that?
I'm like evil laugh.
Jesus God.
You have that arrest put that in a drawer somewhere.
Save it for a day.
That blows.
Don't you know?
No.
That was up 49.
It's not doing much.
Orangina.
Oh, yeah.
That's in those little bottles.
Orangina looks like orange juice.
Never heard of it.
Which has some real fruit juice.
And it says, Mark, it's lighter and less syrup.
We then most sodas is Mark and Miami.
Orangina.
For sitting there.
It's a soda.
What?
It's a soda.
Here's the apple, excluding coke or pepsi products.
What's the, and I don't like the way this is worded.
What's the best kept secret or best lasting best tasting amongst the non-mainstream sodas?
Well, what is all of that gibberish mean?
Non-mainstream sodas?
What's a mainstream soda?
Like coke and pepsi.
But he already said, excluding those.
Jesus God.
Is this a Charlie V1?
I think so.
No wonder Gritbydell hates him like poison.
386 votes.
Gingerail 73.
Gingerail.
Yeah.
Gingerail.
Now what brand of gingerail do we drink?
Canadian dry, of course.
Canadian dry, you bet.
Canada dry.
Not Canadian dry.
Canada dry.
No, not whatever.
Canada dry.
Never saw whatever.
Gingerail 73.
Mark's root beer 71.
Merch beer 57.
Orange Crush 53.
You know something I'm getting really pissed off.
I can't find like diet orange crush and diet grape.
You know, what's wrong with these people?
I don't know.
Order it.
Relentless bastards.
Order it from what?
From the internet.
Cream soda 46.
Faa.
Oh my God.
That's like celery.
No.
Yeah, it's horrible.
Cream soda.
Fresca 25.
That's one of my favorites.
Mr. Pib 20.
Squirt 19.
Nehygreek 14.
Oh boy.
I wish I weren't diabetic so I could drink gallons of Nehygreek.
I love grape soda.
I love grape juice.
I'd like to take, you know, those frozen welches.
Grape juice things.
Yes.
That you mix with water and you make grape concentrate.
I'd like to take a whole big lump of that and make about a 10 gallon container of it.
Just get it real icy cold and swill it all down.
I love grape juice.
And then fall over.
I don't drink soda for it.
Shreps tonic water for all another bad choice.
Faa.
Woo.
Talk about duty.
That's for booze.
Rafique says you mentioned Jim Rosmuthy of the Evidence.
He's a professor for the media department at Linn University in Boka.
He's a good guy, Jim Rosmuthy.
You don't remember him?
Nope.
First, he says, did George get into some caffeine today or what?
He's a crazy person, but it makes for entertaining, interesting day something.
Drink caffeine every day.
You're crazy to that.
You're nuts.
Yep.
My what?
You're nuts.
Stay away.
David Barton took things a little too far while trying to vamp up his venue's female
sex appeal.
Thursday night opening of Dayton Barton, Jim and Miami, the police issued a ticket for
operating as a strip club.
Oh, yeah, this story is old.
This is from last week.
Thanks anyway, Mr. Phone number, but it's an old story.
So we're doing a soda pool.
You know, food pools, what eating drinking?
Licking.
This is what the public is into.
All of these things.
That's right.
Eating, drinking, and licking.
All depending on what they're looking.
Oh, speaking of taking a licking and it keeps on ticking.
Remember those spots, time X, John Cameron's whaisy?
Right.
It keeps on looking and takes a ticking.
And it keeps on ticking.
Well, what if something like that?
The fake Steve Rodinero says, good morning, the my crackpot investigating team.
Things they solve the mystery of these chronic fake e-mailers.
Carmel, Caffer, Ompatric, Fraser have deduced the problem.
They've deduced it.
They're convinced the fake e-mailers are people you cut off into past via phone call or
email.
They're also convinced Jolly Jo Bell has his hands tied in the fiasco.
It looks as if he's trying to force you to quit a retire.
He has the backing to help you with this.
He just chooses to make you when you show as miserable as possible.
Oh, I'm enjoying it.
I like the e-mails.
George hates them.
I enjoy them.
Not Mr. Radio.
I enjoy just about all the e-mails except for Mr. Radio and of course the fake Greg Budell
and the fake and the Mr. Ego ones.
Those are really...
They're pathetic.
They're sad.
They make you want to sit down on a corner somewhere and cry.
Hang in there.
You're doing a great job.
We enjoy listening to you up here in North Carolina.
You're streaming on our computer back here in the newsroom.
Tell George, let me know when he's up here on his vacation.
I'll organize a tour of the studio for him.
Happy Purim spelled P-U-R-I-U-M so we know it's certainly not Steve Rodinero because
Steve's not deliberate.
Happy Purim, Steve Rodinero.
I'll be right up.
Yeah, George will be right up.
I'll take a tour of the studio.
What town?
Can't wait.
Can't wait for you to send me pictures of our new studio down there.
Size of a broom closet.
I should have.
George says it's like doing a show from a thimble.
That's okay.
We can change your name to a thumb ballina.
I got a room.
It's got a window.
We'll be just fine.
It's got a window looking outside.
Yeah, I know.
Wow.
I know.
Outside on the world.
Unbelievable.
Beautiful view of a dumpster but there's a tree out there too so it works out.
Oh, so here's the deal.
The pick up pony thing.
We're go ahead and what?
Go ahead.
No, I don't know.
It's just we have to wait till we find out if the Keynes wind him off.
Because if there's a game on Friday, there will not be a pick up pony this week.
We'll push it back the next week.
Correct.
Moody's investor service identified 283.
U.S. speculative great companies that are at the highest risk of default.
Here's the list of the broadcasters says Michelle.
Citadel broadcasting.
The old ABC radio.
77.
Cumulus broadcasting.
Emmis broadcasting.
That's the Emmis.
Next media.
Sirius XM.
Regent broadcasting.
Salem broadcasting.
Spanish broadcasting.
Corp.
Irvine.
Univision middle-aged broad.
Michelle says love the show.
Thanks Michelle.
So those are the ones that are like on the edge.
They're on the verge.
Time for another purge.
I don't think so.
No.
Hurricane glow.
Somebody says Hurricane geo.
What does that mean?
Oh, orange.
Gene.
It's basically carbonated water with orange juice.
It's excellent.
Orange gene.
Orange.
I don't know what that is.
Never heard of it.
Want me to add it?
Oh, here's a great viewed elegant.
I hope you're well this morning.
I'll give you $100 if you can tell me when my mustache smells like this morning.
Probably smells like what I just dropped in the last half hour.
I can't quite make it out myself.
Maybe you get close to give a little sniff but no tongue.
You should grow on.
Why make it look a little more porch?
See you soon, Greg.
Yeah, see you soon.
Well, where did this all come from with Greg Vidal?
Nobody cared about him when he was in the market.
And why now that he's in Alabama with his banjo pickers, why should anybody
care about him now?
Who's the one that's really obsessed with Gregory Benjamin Vidal?
Maybe this is all from noodles, you think?
There you go.
I sure could use some good luck.
I can't.
I'm not going to find any home untouched.
Maybe that would be a good assignment this afternoon.
Go around and look at something showed up yesterday.
So you must have chased.
I chased all the juice away too.
That's right.
With the home untouched.
Well, that's my specialty.
Chasing people away.
I'm going to die a lonely bit of old man.
This is John St. Vincent the Paul.
And I always wanted a glamour career with this jockey.
So I went to Connecticut school at bankruptcy.
And got this gig at an all-sports station.
Changing the urinal takes.
And like, the bid is all pretty fast.
So sometimes I've got to use my fame.
Thank you, Connecticut school at bankruptcy.
Hi.
I'm kicked from the neighborhood.
Connecticut school at bankruptcy.
Now, hey, it's still funny things
we're supposed to do with this dying
whore called radio.
Right-wing talk is bleeding three by five cards on FM.
And sports.
Sports.
Whoa.
That's the thing we just can get as a public.
OK.
Here's all you got to do.
First you have.
First you have to give me $12,000.
First into tuition money.
And then I'll just go away.
$10.47.560 WQM.
So remember early in the show, Mary,
maybe it was the very first email that I read.
OK.
She said, I know you don't watch American Idol.
You hate it, but you've got to see Adam.
And so I Google Adam, his name is Adam Lambert.
He is number one obvious hell number to a screaming screaming
by the evening queen.
Oh my god, Mary, what kind of drugs are you on?
I think Mary's doing battery acid.
Good God.
But like you always say, if they're on television,
oh my god, they're hot.
They're this.
They're face on something other than their head.
Oh, good God.
It could be a wanted poster.
Oh, here's the fake Tom Jicke who's also the same as the fake
Greg Viedel.
I like Greg Viedel.
He's one of the best FM voices I've ever heard.
I put him right up there with Tanner Cox and Sonny Fox.
He is missed in the market.
No, he's not missed in the market.
He wasn't, he was never anything in the market
except in the real time, Jicke's mind.
He was obsessed with the Viedel.
Lawrence says, I don't know whether you're
pulled building, but if you are cactus cooler,
it used to be made by Canada Drya, but only regionally.
Now it's only available out west, sort of an orange pineapple
type of pop says Lawrence.
Cactus cooler.
You want to put it on there?
I don't get up to you.
I sure.
Why not?
Now, why did my friend Ken from Atobico send me this story
about the two teachers and the, the, the 13 year old kid
for Salt Lake City?
I don't know.
You know, the fake Tom Jicke is Mr. Radio.
Because now that now he's been blocked over that note,
no, seriously, he's, he's all of them.
This radio is all of these people.
The fake Tom Jicke and the fake Kregby to all of them.
That's right.
You win.
They made fun of him at the Oscar.
As America laughed at his weird bearded gum chewing
appearance on Lachua with David Letterman.
Tonight, Joaquin Phoenix will prove he's serious about his
pledge to give up acting for hip hop.
He's performing in the live tonight at L.I.V.
at the Thunderblow Hotel Miami Beach.
54.
Oh.
Phoenix will headline the dirty Harry party which
showcases up and coming musical.
Who cares?
Who the hell cares?
Mr. Radio?
Guaranteed that.
So he's all of them.
You're right.
And probably the fake Johnny dork too.
Yep.
Chronic.
And of course, who else would be that chronic?
Who else is as obsessive?
Correct.
Oh, how do you remember it?
I remember it was compelling radio.
How do you recall it in the old?
Right.
Oh my god.
It's not good.
Someone just like him.
No, I know it's him.
It's the real Mr. Radio who is springing forth.
Here's another one from Greg Vudelle.
I know you don't like me, but who do you like?
Maybe it's news to you, but a lot of people in the
industry don't like you either.
Whoa, I'm wounded.
See, in my case, I don't really care.
In your case, Greg, that's the problem, the real Greg.
Why does everybody hate me?
Oh, man.
I heard through the grapevine that management was
praying you would have run away from the
lobe ball off of the gave you last year.
Too bad.
Fooled them.
They were planning on making a big offer to Dan LaBasta
to do mid days on WQAM.
Well, guess what?
Didn't happen.
Did it?
You turn on everyone.
I'm surprised to have him turned on George.
I've shared emails and messages with Mr. Radio.
He seems like he means well.
Johnny Dark has one of the best radio voices I've ever heard.
I'm surprised he is not in the air somewhere.
Well, guess what?
He's not.
You are the ringleader of negativity.
Greg, aka Mr. Radio, aka Johnny Dark, aka Fake Time Jika, aka
crazy person.
But you know what?
Keep him coming.
I enjoy them.
See, you get all bent out of shape because I don't get bent out of shape.
Yeah, you can do it.
I can't afford off my gourd.
Well, so forget about it.
Just sit back in the middle.
I know.
Smoke a big family and relax.
I have.
You got free food coming into Marvel.
You're off 1130.
Look kind of bright side and quit being so.
You sound so comatose.
Negative.
I'm obvious.
You sound coma induced.
Induced.
The thou's up only 31 points.
This is what keeps us a going here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
The ray with a poll too many poll suggestions.
The most memorable day in my lifetime was the day blank.
Well, it's not a bad poll.
It's pretty good poll actually.
But I'd rather have stuff, you know, people saying something.
You know, Neil, Neil Rogers, dot com.
Oh, now, flee being the astute guy that he is.
Now, let me just see if they changed it.
He put out a memo yesterday to a Josh Cortis to change that link on the QAM.com
to our email.
You're going to test it.
Yeah.
I'm going to test and see, you know, contact our hosts.
That things been on earth staler than oh.
How do you do it?
You click on it.
It's on what?
Hosts.
Neil Rogers, OK.
I clicked on the.
Neil Rogers, nothing happened.
Oh, there he there I am.
OK.
Oh, and this has got a bunch of drop-ins too on there.
Doigoy, doigoy, about 30, et cetera, and so on.
Where's the thing to email me?
I'm looking to.
It's not there anymore.
Neil, Neil, the change day.
Right under your picture, radio.
Oh, well, how would you know to click on that?
You mouse over it and it changes.
Oh, yeah, but how would you know to do that?
And I'm clicking on it and guess what?
What?
Nothing is happening.
Why don't you try clicking on the CFN and do it?
Link to the website.
It did what?
I'll let you know in five minutes if it does something.
Well, no, this is doing nothing.
And mine is quick as grease lightning my computer as you well know.
It did nothing.
Oh, now there's the thing.
The box finally popped up after a long, long, long wait.
And now I can't get rid of it.
There it goes.
Jesus, God.
Brandon says, two sodas I'd like to add to the poll, Iron Beer.
A root beer type soda that came from Cuba.
It's quite good can be found in Spanish restaurants and publics in South Florida.
Iron beer, you got it?
Got it.
Hires root beer.
Good root beer I haven't had maybe 10 or 15 years.
You don't find it here in South Florida.
Hires.
Now, Hires was I think from Rochester once upon a time way back in the day.
When a Rochester had like business, you know, like Eastman Kodak and Hikki Freeman and Hires root beer and like that.
So we had that?
Hires root beer, sure.
You like it?
I like it a lot.
I like it just fine.
I don't see.
I don't see Hires diet root beer anywhere.
I don't see diet much, much of anything.
Is it an apostrophe S kind of a thing?
So you don't know either?
I don't know and I don't care.
I'm laughing because what the hell differences are making?
Oh, you know these people.
You made a mistake.
Good.
Good.
Let's make a lot of mistakes.
I made one mistake today and that is showed up here.
So I could hear from Mr. Radio and to Craig B. Udell and to say, oh my God.
See that Mr. Radio or across the street, they're just losing.
They have no more material.
So it's all the same.
It's probably, you know, tubby boy.
Mm-hmm.
An anti-Christian chapter in Western history is about to begin, but out of the ruins, a new
vitality and integrity will rise by Michael Spens.
Why did somebody send me this long, ponderous article, long, crappy article?
Crazy people.
Ginger L seems to be hitting the spot.
It's 82 vote, although.
Barks root beer is up there.
I bet your hire is.
Although you can't find hires in South Florida.
I voted for the barks root beer.
Did you really?
Yep.
I like barks just fine and actually once upon a time I used to be able to find barks diet root beer.
That's right.
That's what I like.
But I don't find what?
You drink diet?
Diet root beer.
I drink diet soda if I do drink soda.
Now why is that?
I like the taste better.
The sugary sodas are like syrup in my throat.
Oh, two sweet.
One of these.
Yeah.
Like Adam from American Idol, two sweet.
Yes.
Mary, you need some serious assistance, honey.
She thought I was going to like that thing?
That's the thing.
It's like the thing.
He's like, I put him in the same category with the thing with that old pinstribe suit.
Adam, a screamer, flamer.
That's one thing about American, man.
And it would know a screamer if they bit him on a lip just like Jimmy Cifolis, you know.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
This is the Neo-Roger show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, it's your brain.
Any questions?
This empty building is like a tomb.
I walk it's always at night.
I check to make sure the doors are locked tight.
When I hear him noise, I investigate with my flashlight.
No.
What are you doing here? My coffee is black. I drink it
From the visionary director of 300 why would I protect the building? I don't have any stake in it because it's your job
Well, it's a really crappy job if you don't mind me saying and why are you naked and painted blue night watch man
The world will look up and shout save us
And I'll whisper
No
No, I can't
I'm just a security guard
But they won't hear me because I'm whispering night watch men and I have a stained-afflinux shock over my face
All right George loved it by the way light lots gobs hated it just seen it eyes three times already
Right to the world all just clinging from it put George
BAM BAM
That's me
On somebody sends me a thing a bio of Steve Rondon arrow. Oh, you've been duped
Yeah, like I believe it's Steve Rondon arrow. I don't believe I think you're right none of the emails are are who they say they are
Very jackass breaking news the hero laying off 175 employees all staff taking pay cuts at the hero
Thanks for the good news very good well deserved
Brandon says since we're on a soda trip today just wondering when the last time was you had a really good old-fashioned ice cream float
Well, I had a float this morning between about 10 and 10 40
Oh my was a floater down speaker talk about float your boat
I wasn't a huge fan of them but they were good on those hot summer days
He says you'll you'd be able to find those good floats same place you'd find an egg cream
But soda fountains are long gone and once they're gone
Also while he's on it because he up rings up a good point the young root beer floats like a day in W
Those frosted bugs they were great
Can you add to the pool stewards orange cream if you haven't tried it a highly recommended says array
It used to be available with publics you can get it any cracker barrel and some grocery stores
It's available in regular and died. It's good
Stewards orange cream never heard of it. You ever heard of as for W. Sturts?
STW right Stuart like Ron Stewart of the Maple Leafs number 12
From a hundred years ago
Greg B. Nelson you've got it on mr. Radio AK Yentaman
Have you heard what Steve Kane has been saying about you? No, I haven't heard it neither is anybody else because nobody listens to nobody cares
I'll come by and say how to George when I'm down there is this great. Oh, you let me give me a spy report on that
I can't wait for that sure
He's gonna come by and give you a big kiss right on the lips with his mustache with his free mustache
Pete from Boka I love soda, but I've reached the point in my life where sugar is not an option to my diet
I just quit drinking soda pop recently and I'm missing it much I
Tried diet soda. I hate the aftertaste. I just don't buy that I
Mean yeah made like tab or some of those had bad aftertaste
But diet soda don't have no aftertaste in the olden days with saccharine you bet right that's right
Saccharine right
Like the red buty del show is saccharine, but no it is it's good syrupy the diet soda is a good note like Jimmy's syphilitic
Not all emails are fake. I promise you this email is real says Pete from Boka
I just can't always take time to write while I'm at work. I heard you read the
Email the other day about the type on your website being a big jagged and the email are offering to fix it
I agree I'm the guy who fixed your car tune a few months ago
Most people never realized these little details, but web designers other geeks like us do
So we can't help but make you wear these little imperfections due to our aesthetic OCD
If I had time it offered redesign your website unfortunately too busy presently
I'll I'll give fire to have plenty of time promise. I'll be vampir site to the best it could be
Well, thanks Pete from Boka and nice offer there. Yes
That nice very nice some nice people out there not too many some chronics
Joseph's I remember someone complaining the other day about Bob and Tom laughing too much during the attached bit
Bob pretty much loses it, but I love these guys are great
He's got an attachment which I just a little off for it to me
Okay, let me go back play it if it's airworthy, you know
Here it is let me forward it
I
One moment please okay
Which one of these is oh here it is forward here we go. Sorry. Sorry. I'm my bad. I mean it might be funny
It might be funny. Well, we can't afford to be passing up any potentially funny bits these days
It's there are so few we try to say that we can't be funny anymore. Is that what you're trying to say?
That's the good you must be psychic. Oh, Adam Oshmuck says add in Kakola
I've only been able to find the publics. It's amazing. Oh, Adam Oshmuck had publics. I thought Adam was at the kitchen or waterloo
Well, they have publicses up there. No, we don't have no publicses in Canada. No, we absolutely do not
Maybe in kitchen or waterloo. They do what I'm sure they do not
Don't tell me Adam Oshmuck is also a fun in us. They're all fun in us now. Now here is
Here is a self
defeating goofball
Adrian Cook systems engineer chronic
subject olden days
Now I want to tell you who Adrian is yesterday
He sent me an email along with which I already had a vet article about from Vanity Fair about the Godfather Wars and the audio
23 pages and
Suggested his suggestion was I should read the whole thing on the ear because I have such a great voice
And I read the bedtime story so well and trying to kill the show. I mean talk about Pandora's reading a 23 page story
And now he's giving a critique complaints and critiques George on caffeine is his terminal is a snail crossing the desert
Like I said before we suggest to his job and stay on off the mic
Remember how he used to complain about Greg Reed who would have thought that could get worse?
Bell and Joyce Fitz have brought the entertainment level of the show to a slow drip IE occasional funny segments here and there as
Supposed to the olden golden days bring back Greg Reed well guess what Adrian Greg Reed ain't coming back the olden golden days
Ain't coming back and you're an idiot
Give me a son of dance about I should read the 23 page story on here real expert programmer there
Idiot. Oh there he goes again calling names
Downs up 47
That's it
What I'm looking at the email thing that's it I got it bitterly disappointed
I'm very gave us some real exciting news there about the hero laying off all those people
157 employees and everybody taking a big pay cut I
Think the hero in the sun settled between the two of them are gonna be like 10 pages a day after after maybe Monday
It's really bad. Oh well no more newspapers no more TV no more radio no more
What else is going on do no more cars no more jobs no more money
No more not oh well you hear what Steve Cain's been saying about you
That sounds like that Lee founder thing. I think that's maybe it's a gym scholar doing these things
Well, I'm starting to sound like him
Remember that pit where he says you if you heard what Joey Reynolds has been said by that's a young girl
Same thing
Keats is the best carbonated drink is the Jamaican pineapple soda. They sell in the ethnic section of the grocery store
You will find an exit each making cream soda, which is also very good. Yo George don't forget about iron beer Cuban soda. How are back Keith? How are back?
It's on there. It's on there iron beer and it's suggested it did he not I don't know
Somebody didn't we stuck it on somebody did just you know baby. How about motorba
Here's somebody who says my favorite soda is RC cola. Thanks. Love you show. I haven't had RC cola in a coons aged man in a long time
I like RC. I like RC just fine
Kind of a redneck you think though RC cola
Nothing wrong with that
I don't know why BC powder and RC cola anything with initials. That's right. You can get him at Windix
WD
That's right
Kathy O'Brien says may I add cherry seven up to the pool good stuff. You're right great stuff even the diet very good
I agree and the fame of these people are
Missing sodas there are places online that sell soda in the case
mainly, but if it's that good why not
Places online where they sell sodas quick drinking so much soda you can go get anything online order it have a shift to you very Jane
Candy I'm talking right hey Neil. Can you please add ale eight to the pool? It was very popular back home in Kentucky
It's like ginger ale but a little fruity or kind of like you it says
Great show George Dan and Del Ray
It's got a picture of the stuff
ale eight
Okay, like the AL in the number eight okay
Got it can you handle it good handling it
You know
Neil did you hear that Brittany was in Brickle at the Mandarin Oriental for the past few days and it's gotten article here
Brittany back in Miami for retail therapy and relaxation don't know don't care
Don't care. Maybe Paco would care. I don't care
non-interested in that bitch
Here's the story and Barry Jack asked it was right on target. See you're so skeptic about all all these people
Maybe one out of a thousand things that we get on here is a legitimate city MS
I didn't say that the info well wouldn't be accurate once in a while or maybe even all the time
What did you say that they're not who they pretend to be
No, we know that handful of people ready. We know that cross the street and you know and mr. radio
Right and mr. Egos crowd. Oh
Yeah, but his stuff is all in this teeny tiny print. That's all they can afford over there
I challenge you to a debate about jake mirage you
Yes, screw you
Like somebody cares about me these people who are like long since vanished from the local radio scene
All like suckling around here like oh, we want Neil to put us on the map. Well, guess what good luck to you won't help
It won't help
The publisher the hero says about 175 employees will lose their jobs as the newspaper cuts cost in a memo sent today
David Landsberg said remaining full-time staff led their salaries reduced those employees will also get one week unpaid furlough
Is starting in April how do you like that?
Even you didn't get that
No, one week unpaid furlough in other words like a layoff for a week
The heralds executive editor editor anders gillinhall. I wonder if he's kin to jake
Said in a separate email the layoffs include 33 full-time and eight-part-time news room positions
He said summer rainy staff will see their hours cut
Landsberg set other costs cut cutting missions include eliminating 30 vacant positions and leasing one floor
The heralds downtown Miami headquarters all management bonuses have been cut this year too
The paper's owner mcclatchee company order the cuts. Well good cold cuts
How do you like that?
The herald vanishing from before our very eyes. Well, that's good news
If anybody deserves to go away
It's the herald
No, we don't agree for our results. Our best star does what now? We just got to get the sunset. No, they're already pretty much vanished
They're down to about two pages
They got the front page and then they got the comics page and the editorials and that's it
And on the sports page it says oh if it was a game that ended after seven three last night
You won't read the score here because we go to bed real early to save money. They shut the lights off at seven thirty
Hey enough with the panthers already
When the hell knows the baseballs is a forget underwear
This is i with this new
TMZ dot com is reporting a videotape showing sullabon giving birth to her eight babies is now being offered for sale
You may want to send the kids out of the room before we show you a brief clip
push
Little boogers exploded shocking everyone some what's disturbing
All right, are about that
Okay 1117 we're getting every kind of soda that was ever invented whose pool is this Charlie B my god
everything in a bottle
IBC root beer and black cheer you hear that in brown bottles never heard of it. No, it's a scot in panellas park must be a florida west coast thing
must be a redneck you think
Mary says thanks for your opinion on Adam from american idol. I thought he looked like a little flaming too a little
That's like saying that Barney Fag looks a little bit flaming too or like Charles Nelson Riders looks a little flaming
I have another one for you Taylor Lautner from twilight
He'll I will go away says Mary okay goodbye Mary you all look that guy up earlier
On someone else's recommendation. Yeah, and uh you weren't oppressed
I want to say that yeah, I might have to go back and uh re uh re-
the
That was up 39 points. Uh-oh 17 dead in german shootings killing spirit school
And win win in german really is something that unfolded for a very very long time
There was a massive manhunt going on for this band because he was still at large after having left the school
Uh for a while involving hell it probably great but you'd all done it when you think right when surprise me
Excluding co-cocer Pepsi products. What's the best kept secret or best tasting? I mean this is worded so badly
Jesus
Couldn't we just say other than co-cocer Pepsi products? What's the best soda
Without all these uh with all this uh verbiage on here my god. Yeah, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
Like Denise Poffan. It's your fault. 476 votes ginger ale E.5
Barx root beer 80
Birch beer 64 cream soda 61 you know what is not on here even though you don't like it and somebody pointed out
Dr. Pepper what is that chop liver? Dr. Pepper needs to get on there right away. Okay. I'm a pepper. You're a pepper
Dr. Pecker
Orange crush 58
Did I say cream soda 62 orange crush 58 fresca 30
Squirt 25 mr. Pib 23 knee high grape 21. Why sure miss that I don't drink soda 12
I just I don't I can't relate to that so I say I don't breathe the ear. I don't drink soda
Shrefs tonic water seven hires root beer five iron beer three cherry seven up one
Stewards orange cream one cactus cooler one
ale eight and rc cola have got the big oh so far
nada
Oh Adam Oshmuck and I'm sure that everybody's on the edge of their seats about this my parents have a
Place in Hollywood. I'm down there about twice a year. That's why he was doing that public scrap. Oh,
Ledge I don't know and I you're making me into a skeptic. I don't believe any of these people
You're all make believe you're all like Conway Twitty man. You're all make believe
The real this one and the real that when a Greg Biedel's gonna come down and say hi to George
He's gonna right he's gonna get a hold of Joe Bell's ear. Yeah, he's a real great programmer
That's why he wound up in Alabama. He's a real radio maven
You really oh Adam Aadrian Cook is back again
Why you got to take everything so personal I wasn't taking a shot of you know that
That's not the point the point is here's a guy that's talking about the entertainment level being down
He wants me to read a 23 page article about the godfather. Wait till you hear this
Why you got to take everything so personal I wasn't taking a shot of you when I said the entertainment level of the slow
Show it's down to a slow drip. It's just that you can't do anything more that made you the entertainment god that you are plus when the show gets godfather intensive
It's effing great regards Aadrian well, that's because that's what you're interested in not everybody wants there a 23 page freaking article about the godfather
including me
When it gets godfather intensive here again here we go
Critiques and complaints and what I should do and how we should do the show and how I should live my life and how I should
Actward people and yoddy-oddy that that's the only thing the email things all about
Yep
That's all it's all about complaints critiques and life instruction. Oh, you chase everybody away. You're gonna die a lonely old man
Well, yeah, just just here's my guts out
When I think of all these anonymous nutniks
Oh, we're getting to them. We're getting that will be the day
That'll be the day the best carbon-aided beverage besides
Diet coke di diet coke is called glorana made by Antarctica and comes regular or died glorana. You ever hear that?
I've heard a resilience soda made from glorana fruit which contains caffeine you should try it
It's addictive just like Brazilian women men for you. It's widely sold at your local publics when Dixie
Sedano's in highly eminemarts love the show neil signed another Jorge
P. S. George's some is awesome, but it's talent
Well, let me read this to you. Okay, just the way it's written
Georgia's awesome, but is talent talent since to pop out in your absence
Seems maybe is what you should allow a segment out of the four hours for him to talk instead of having him babble and mumble throughout it
Just a suggestion, but is talent since to pop
Thanks
G-U-A-R-A-A and a Alice Rantals says Matt Garoud is in the interesting one on American Idol
This is Alice
Alice has no comment on the guy that filled in for him that Conway guy for about five minutes
And then got canned
Because some dirty jokie taught him onway Jr
That's the one
Who is Tim Conway Jr
I'm going to just go on that Tim Conway used to be on the kill Bernadier. I'm presuming. Oh
know. I don't know that. He wasn't funny at all. You liked him Conway? Yeah. Just a
old guy. I like that show. A Charlie Burnett show. Yeah. A tarviacorn. A tarviacorn
thing was very funny. Although they had some sketches where they came together really well.
Mickey Lawrence. Sure. And then Carol doing that thing with her earlobe. Yeah. That's right.
For her mom. Oh yeah. For your mama. Blackie says, I thought you'd be squeezing yourself
about this top secret info I sent you. You should read the info on Mr. Rodinero. A lot of
compelling info. Hint. Joe Bell. It's a must read. It can solve the connection between Mr.
Bell and Mr. Rodinero. Have to get back to band practice with the riffraffed. Cheers, Blackie.
Why don't we care about the real or imaginary Steve Rodinero? Nobody cares about him. How about
white rock sodas? We drink him a Kelly's diner says Blackie. Here here, white rock soda.
No. No. Have some. What? White rocks. Glad to hear you're still on since the Chris.
I picked up on you here in Palm Beach, the banana republicans. I listen to you when I worked
in Palm Pato Beach. Are they still dumping Schmidt in the water there? Haven't heard any callers?
Do you have finally become too much to become too much? Yeah. I'm not interested. My
vote is for Dr. Pecker says Chris PS your gay. Oh. Oh. You're missing three of the best.
Says somebody. IBC root beer, cheer wine and brownie chocolate. What are you talking about?
What language you people speaking? Joe Bell says just linked just inked motor to your
contract as a peace offering this time. He's buying the pizza. Now who did more for the
new Roger show? I think Joe Bell is the obvious answer. Love Joe Bell. Yeah. That'll be the day I
get an email from Joe Bell on here or or at all. Except what was the thing he sent me the other day?
Oh, he was forwarding one from the real Greg Budeau. Right. A lids. Oh, God, I have breakfast when
I come down and the have a chat with you, Joe. Yeah. The real Greg Budeau has been trying so
desperately to muscle his way into this show for years and years and could have happened Greg
loser written all over your forehead. In fact, Joe Bell is probably the only one in the market that
would dignify your existence with any time assuming that would happen. Let me know when Greg comes
by and gives you a big kiss on the lips. Watch out for that tainted Mustang. Oh,
me. The hurricane. I ain't blowing. 911. Do you need police fire and ambulance? Holy
where? I'm going to collect all the phone. What's going on there? I ordered a
pink chicken nugget with a small flight as you say that they didn't have any chicken nuggets.
As far as I want to make that with a small flight, you'll see that my laptop is anything out
from the menu because you can't reply on the different page out of the mirror and that's all
there. Just give me all my money back. If she said she can't give me my money back here,
she will have to. I have to pick something. There's no manager there.
Now you ready to spoke with the manager? She spoke, she ought to manage that. She's saying,
something about she just can't respond in my money. That's fine. But she don't have one of
the men that I want to want to chicken nuggets. That's what she did. And that's five 12
million dollar laptop. And just to find the difference. As you say, she can't do that.
She can't reply on my money now. She don't have one of the men that I want.
Now let me pause then. Are we going to have an interpreter for this bit or what?
Wow.
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
Lucretia Borgia. I can't take any more of that. Do you find that funny?
I didn't even know what it was. It's about the tick that went one to the refund on the
McNuggets because they didn't have any McNuggets and she wanted a money back and they wouldn't give it to her.
That's a bit. That's what passes for bits these days.
That's right. It's a new story and so they made it a three and a half minute bit out of the
poll. Excluding Coke or Pepsi products. What's the best kept secret or best tasting among the
non amongst the non mainstream sodas? Boy, this has got to be a Charlie B. Poll. You talk about a
pseudo intellectual pile of crap the way the question is worded. God.
If you can say it in five words, Charlie can say it in 10,000. Well, it's in your real 86.
Mark's root beer 83. Were you going to say something there? No.
There you were. The longer it takes you to read, you know, the less you got to say.
I don't want to read that long. Oh, and by the way, where's that before I read the poll?
Stephen New Jersey says, I don't know why you don't want to read the 23 page Godfather Wars
article. I'm reading it now and it's in fact, yeah, it's interesting because I got that I got that
email simultaneously. They got a message on my blackberry that said, yeah, from up to
out. What's it? It's not even noon yet for crying out loud. Wow. Party all night. Sleep all day.
That's the Mexican way. I don't think it's the Mexican way. I think it's the young punk way.
If you can pull it off, yeah.
Ginger, 86, barks root beer 83. Birch beer 66. I like that a lot. Me too. Like in the frosted mugs
that we are. Birch beer. Nothing like having a frosted mug. Cream soda 64 orange crush 60. Fresca.
Well, that's a week number. Fresca is good crap, man. I drink it all the time. Fresca. That's why
26. Mr. Pip 23. Nehy grade 21. I don't drink soda 14. Oh, God.
Shrefs tonic water. Seven iron beer. Six. Dr. Pecker five. Hires root beer. Five.
Cherry seven up three. Stewards orange cream. Three. IBC root beer. One. Guarana one.
Al eight one. Kekta's cooler one. R.C. cold. I don't have any. I don't know why. What's wrong with
R.C. cola? I don't know. I don't know. And somebody says David Jewish David says Dr. Brown's black
cherry soda. How could we not have that on there? He says best with a thick, thick greasy corn
beef sandwich on rye with mustard. Absolutely correct, David. Am I right? Is he right? Dr. Brown's black
cherry soda. You got a cherry soda, but I don't care whether you like this isn't the
whole question isn't what is George like best. I thought that's what you just asked. What?
You said am I right? Are you putting it on there? You said am I right? So yeah, I'm putting it
on there, but you said am I right? And I said no. You're starting to sound anti-semitic again.
I like Dr. Brown's just I don't like cherry sodas of any kind. You don't like cell ray? No.
What can Dr. Brown do you like? Like the root beer? The cream soda is good.
One thing about root beer it's almost always good. Right. It's got some taste to it. It's got some
zing, some pizzazz, some something as opposed to this show which used to have a coin to that
Schmendrich there with his 45 page article. Everybody's an expert do this do that by any
know something doesn't phase me in the least doesn't phase me in the least whether it's the
real Greg Bidell the fake Greg Bidell the real joy when it makes no difference to me.
The fact that it's amusing to me that I can make four hours out of this
Kakarai everyday and actually you know make it fairly entertaining. That was down three points.
Not good down. Got to got to go up and not down.
Sud says Tim Conway, Jr's Tim Conway son. Very funny guy. He was part of the whole KLS X crew
that got the rubber key a few weeks back. Damn it. That's the real suds by the way. Yep.
When you tell me that everybody on here is fake. Barks root beer and Mr.
Pib are both Coca-Cola products we need says somebody. Well how do you like that?
I guess we screwed up our own pool. Oh so we're Dr. Pepper and Mr. Pib.
The pool needs to say excluding Coke or Pepsi not products. Would you like to change it?
Yeah let's change it get the word products out of there.
I can know I shorten the rest of the channel.
Well what I'm sure we meant by that or Charlie meant by that is like you know zero
Diet Coke, caffeine-free diet all of those.
Coke whatever but just take the word products out there and that'll solve the problem weenie weenie.
You made a mistake. You made a mistake weenie.
Bap bap bap bap bap.
Missing can fields diet chocolate fudge on your pool. Thought they didn't make it anymore but I
found it for sale online. Same site hometownfavorites.com has tab. Oh Fui. Feth.
Six pack of tab 475. They'd have to pay me 500 bucks just to take it man. Never would drink it.
You're asking if they still made tab while they do that's bad news. Bad news for you.
Bad news for you and bad news for me if you can't make that deal with the centino.
How do you like this the rewarding of the question I'll change it if that's not to your liking.
Excluding Coke or Pepsi what's the best tasting? What's the best tasting what?
What refresh soda. Soda. Well put the word soda there. What's the best tasting?
Body. What? I said refresh it's in there.
Is that it? What's the most refreshing? Yes. Good battle going on here between Ginger
Rail and Barx root beer. I can't imagine. I mean I like ginger rail just fine. I never buy it.
Well I mean I won't say never. You know what's good when you got a cold. When you're sick.
When you're sick. Right. Nothing like ginger rail. I don't know why. Chicken soup and ginger
rail. That's all you know. That's right. When you're ailing.
But other than that I never buy it. Right. And Barx root beer I don't see the diet ever so I don't
buy that either. I see it. Public. I do see diet doctor pepper not the caffeine free though.
I don't think a lot of these they make him caffeine free. Correct. Well why is that? That sounds
like a chamepico plot. We we fat sick diabetic people we want our choices okay. That's right.
We're going to sue somebody pretty damn soon. I think you know what I'm thinking I just it just
dawned on me. What? Remember how I used to say that Joe Bell had the callers he had pro-zek Ron
and Chamba sitting in a room in a conference room orchestrating the calls. Well he's also got two or
three people sitting in the same conference room orchestrating the emails. You're indeed. Joe Bell
is the fake Greg Videl the fake Steve Rodinero the fake all of these people is not so jolly Joe Bell.
Trust me. George NSL Corvo Nugo the QAM. Tonight on Fox,
June Judges Sean Hannity and Culture and Rush Limbaugh as they audition your next Republican idol.
My name is Michael Steele and I'll be doing George Bush's speech from the carrier deck. Did I the
Maho Rushdie grant you permission to do that speech? Oh how about Reagan's speech ending the cold
war? No. We need something from a more influential conservative. Well I think I'll just let the
idle voters be the judge since you're nothing more than an entertainer and I am the leader of the
Republican Party. What was that? I'm sorry. I said that I apologize for twisting your words. Good.
Now do something from Limbaugh circa last week. Well I want the president to fail because he's a
Democrat. Yes I believe we have our next Republican idol and it's me. Tonight on Fox, Republican
Idol. Hold it my friends. Don't you mean Rush Limbaugh idol? Oh I'm sorry. I didn't mean to
imply that it wasn't your show. Please let me live. Maybe. 1145 a QAM so Scott sends me the joke that
got Tim McConway Jr. fired. Yelp for KABC. This is all of this joke was told on air at 97.1FM
was deemed unfit for KABC 790. Adorded or salesman rings the doorbell a seven year old boy opens the door.
He's totally new to cigar in his mouth. His mom's panties on his head and he's covered in KY jelly.
The salesman asked the boy if his parents are home. The kid replies what the F do you think? Only
evidently Conway said the F word. I say it. And Scott says saying F on any station will you
fired I think yeah I think so Scott. Yeah now anybody who's who's like really a broadcaster or
belongs on here doesn't know that you don't say the F word on the year I mean how wow and that was the
one that was filling in for Alice Rantel for Alice. So it wasn't a joke that got inspired. No it was
the F word a word right. I mean it's some moderately amusing joke coming old old old old and yeah
what the F do you think are are are yeah yuck yuck yuck I felt the sunset he was a funny guy
maybe not on that particular occasion. No David and North Miami Beach has got a list of 80 million
of sodas and of course isn't isn't that the poll question neighbor much how many sodas can you name
right he's got about 50 of money here the first one though is conspicuous by his absence and I
used to buy it and love it to come in those funky little bottles Fago. Fago Fago. Fago. Don't you
remember Fago FAYGO? No. You don't? No. Get out of here. You don't remember Fago soda get out of town. What did that
product fail? David says if I had my choice actually I'd chuck them all for a couple of bottles of
Romulan ale and he says IBC Roopier sold the most area of public says you don't remember Fago? No
get out of here Meg. Is there anything like Fago? Fago. Brian and St. Augustine I just I can't
leave how to touch you are with reality. That's me. I'm out of touch. Yeah Fago soda. Sorry.
Came in like a little little bottle sheltered life obviously. Yeah you obviously have. Roopier
lemon lime was great no Fago was very it was very big look it up Google it FAYGO Google it and you'll
see the bottles and oh yeah I remember that. Maybe you didn't like it.
Oh that stuff. Yeah you never seen it. You never did? No. Wow. I used to buy it all the time.
Just like now I buy fresco all the time I used to buy Fago. Maybe that's what put me over the edge.
What happened to the original red net cracker cola 3v it says the bottle was extra funky too. Steve
never heard of it. Don't know nothing about it. You're here 3v. No. Somebody said jolt but that you know
that was just a silly thing and that was made in Rochester to jolt because it wow lots of great
things made in Rochester like me. Strong Memorial Hospital November 5th 1942. I was born I'm going
to swim across the lake this summer to go back and revisit my roots. Yeah yeah I doubt it.
Brian and St. Augustine Beach says how about cheer wine a South Carolina favorite it's like the old
school cheery soda is very tasty just like you Neil. Also Sundrop a more tolerable version of mountain
dude not a sweet alert with caffeine. I noticed nobody did say mountain dude that's just as well mountain
dude is I don't know not for me. It's lemon-ducing. It's too sweet it's lemon-ducing. Too um syrupy I don't know. Yeah mountain don't
Sundrop do you ever hear that I've heard of it yes you really have been never heard of Fago nope
I think you're fun in me that's it I think this is like gaslight all over again that's right and I'm
the one behind all the fake emails. I'm sure that George is the fake Greg Budelle. Mr. Radio oh my god how
how is it well what's the reason that this email thing has has brought out of the woodwork all these
chronics well well what's the reason for that that's a rhetorical question right in other words
because why are they there because they can't be because now you can't recognize their voice now
they're a different person every time they write you now you can't hang up on them from the sound
of them taking a breath like you always used to. Oh a GOP Senator flips out of the airlines since off
security alarm yeah I sent that story for our website but I'm sure I'm not going to read it.
I'm not going to read it don't send me links attachments long articles 50 page articles about
the godfather wars oh my god that guy I'm not trying to tell you how to do your show but when you
talk about the godfather it's really great blah blah blah blah blah. Critiques complaints and life
advice no not advice life instruction this is what you're doing wrong why do you taste everybody
away why are you so mean why are you such a son of a bitch yeah and this coming from people that
I never even had a cup of coffee with much less really interacted with. Benning from four
letter deals says I love hearing the jealousy dripping from your voice when you talk about Randy
Moor's goal calls oh I'm jealous of Eddie Randy Moor you're right I wish I could be that creative
that I have other people writing out my goal calls in a in a hockey game who has ever heard of
anything so idiotic you are jealous he's getting worldwide recognition for his broadcasting
and 200,000 hits on YouTube you're always jealous of any doctrine broadcaster that's right like Jimmy
syphilitic I'm sure jealous of her and of course you jealous of LeBaster than his large young
audience on AM radio no less something which you wish you had no I don't wish what they wish they
had was my salary even now they reduced rate that's what they wish that's what it's all about
not how many young punks they're listening or even the number the only number that counts
as the one is on your paycheck twice a month but nevertheless I'm sure that if you took
a Randy Randy Moor and LeBaster and put both their paychecks together we're not talking
them in the same category with some others who are supposed to be so jealous oh you're jealous of
jealous of Larry King and jealous of Raj and jealous of Howard
moxie soda for the great taste of medicines is Bob moxie soda do you ever hear that
I don't know sounds familiar but not me I never heard of it never smelled it never tasted
I know X Y want to add it no okay did you add Fago Fagala I think I did
yeah you did didn't have any votes once because you just put it on there right
I'm sure I'm not the only one who remembers those little Bob the nine-year existence of it
I just I've never encountered it Fago soda used to be very very big I don't know if they
still make it or not but it used to be really popular oh we got to fake Rick Riley now all right
this is good subject the olden days continued have we ever had a fake Rick Riley one before no
not yet this is well okay so the olden days won't be coming back but be honest was there
of her a better lineup than that at W.I.D. in the 90s
same tired old crap Rick and suds near Rajasville Henry Randy Rhodes even Chris Baker and jazz
McKew were great on the weekend Chris Baker was great on the weekend oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god bring back Rick and suds immediately there's no decent talk radio anymore it says oh my god
this one definitely George sent yeah fair value is plus 2.45 yeah if anybody ever talked
himself off the air it was Rick and he took suds down with him let me just express that opinion
right now right here right now he talked his way off the air right key largo gators is how can
you forget your Michigan soda I'm having forgotten and this is the most pathetic email in the history
of mankind even worse than mr. radio nothing better than verna's ginger ale
when I was in the school at Michigan State Verna's ginger ale was called tiger pea
by all the kids tiger pea well it wasn't been say pea but we can't say but nevertheless rhymes with kiss
verna's ginger ale it tasted like wood would it in other words like if you took a cork
like a wine bottle cork and you put that in there and like the taste of the cork permeated to the soda
that's what verna's taste like taste like crap horrible nothing better than verna's ginger ale boy you
talk about oh wow whoo Harry says meet me in Chicago may first for cubs in marlin's holy cow by
the way who the hell is Greg Budell good question love you Harry good question Harry who the hell
is Greg Budell nobody knows nobody cares Joe a bello is all whipped up about him he had him all
said to replace me there back when we had that and then he had the dandelabaster all said to step
in there and I screwed up all his plans and that makes me very happy because you know what I'm
going to be here for the next almost five years if I live right from today's New York post
thanks Mike call it an uncover charge or Brooklyn assemblyman introduced a bill yesterday
that would require patrons to pay the state ten dollars every time they visit a strip club or
a topless joint fearless or tease the democrats said the flesh fee could raise as much as
five hundred million dollars for victims of human trafficking domestic violence sexual abuse and
child prostitution states have increasingly turned the adult entertainment to help close budget
gaps in recent years close that gap Texas lawmakers are trying to save a similar five dollar pull
tax which was struck down as unconstitutional by a state judge I wonder if they're talking about
that greased polar some other kind of pool governor paterson facing a fourteen billion dollar budget
deficit in New York has proposed a tax on internet downloads that would also apply to web porn
the bottom line is we have to protect people have been victimized by unscrupulous individuals
we cannot continue especially in this economy that government pay for everything or tea said
well whatever that means so next time you go to a strip joint in New York if this bill passes
ten dollar tax pull tax a poll tax that's right they're going to be taxing your poll
this is mark morgan is the twelve to one hour on q a m
hello hi daddy better it's land are you ready for the raw man love who's this oh hello
i'm calling for rush linball is rush around
where did you put my thinned me down black jacket darren who gets on the table skin
i'm not hungry i just medicated you just told me to make your dinner i said nothing of the kind
what i said was to eat my fat roll buddy jeez that's your dinner
i don't need you i'm going to let you hand you will be the only two
bitch why did you beat your heart i'm gonna do
but you are working oh my god i am a whore so sweet i do
pull your heart who's gonna call down mine you will let the career pitch
no my body see my life you know i like it my just put your nose there
now let's get back here you liberal
now my jeez
now let's
now my jeez
now my jeez
yeah come here you little guinea brat
yeah what was he just generic carlo yeah guinea
captain syncs is there's a great soda in India that's been around a while called thumbs up
thumbs up where brat go mo it became so popular the coke or cola bought it for millions
it's a variation of regular coke but they add a secret ingredient nobody
yeah oh in India oh i can only imagine what it is plus it has lots of extra kicks
so you burp a lot it's awesome you can probably find it at any local Indian grocery store
if you can stand the curry and spice smell of the store
ps hangs as high shops for his sports tip sheets at our store every week well that's good to
from the hump or again hope he's doing good he deserves only good things especially after the
way they stuck at him and screwed him over big time here because jolly joe bel hated him like poison
and boy how did that work out for you joe how's those numbers uh turn in since that day
they don't care about numbers here oh that's right it's not about numbers it's about um
the smell it's about to smell the smell of jokstraps the smell of sweaty jokstraps
archie says i heard an earlier email mentioned cheer wine yeah
so did i end so i guess he's trying to get you to put it on her cheer wine do we know what that is
it sounds familiar probably know what if i saw it
i'm looking it up you're looking up what cheer wine i'm going to add it too but
you are yeah what uh well why is that why not if you add all the sodas on here we'll have a list
of 50,000 there you go excluding coca Pepsi what's the best tasting soda ginger rail 93
barks root beer 85 good battle going on there 561 vote birch beer 70 cream soda 69 fat orange
cross 64 fresca 33 score 27 knee high grade 24
34 mr. pib 23 they call me mr. pib remember that yep i don't drink soda 19 dr. pecker 11 iron beer
9 shweff tonic water 7 oh fooey oh not for me here's root beer 6 dr browns black cherry soda
cherry 7 up 4 stewards orange cream 4 RC cola finally got three votes
i bc root beer 2 guarana 2 guarana sounds like some kind of a lizard
verner's ginger rail got one from obviously somebody who likes to taste of bark
who likes to chew the door ale eight one cactus cooler one and none for cheer wine thumbs up
chastore fego fego you know the reason i you don't know about fego why one of the e-mailers here
reminds me where which one is north eastern thing it's a Michigan thing it says still made in
Detroit still made on Jefferson Avenue Detroit fego soda there must be a a michigan thing like
verners you never heard of verner's ginger rail did you ensure it's all over the place it is
sure well don't drink it i have and you sir and you live to tell about it no it's i don't hate
it like you do but diet ginger ale when you're sick verner's yeah whatever it is different i'll
give you that it tastes like wood well maybe i like to taste the wood so when i heard that's what they
say about Jimmy syphilitic Paul says uncle me live in listeners since i moved my my my beach back
to the beach in 79 although i recently moved this summer we finally moved out of that place in
juno seven selling her home just before the crash we're living in chicago about a block from the lake
it's almost like living on my me beach except for the frozen tundra we love it
yeah i got to like chicago it's a great place got to love it this is our second winter going on
our third summer great food in chicago great people great downtown the loop anyway still listen as i
work for my home i'm a real estate appraiser on the web just run to let you know i got out it's
hard but it can't be done as you well know just let you know not that you care but i'm writing my
memoirs thumb boy autobiography of an ordinary man thumb boy be cool loving big kisses and here comes
the part that just really frost my fat old ass ps please get some new glasses believe me you need
to get updated you might even get lucky when you update what's wrong with my glasses i don't know
nothing they're almost invisible those little exactly in the way about a half an ounce they're
comfortable i see i can actually see you're something with it and then this is the style this is
what everybody wear these real lightweight with the titanium frames and my god these things cost
600 bucks and he's knocking my glasses boy one thing to say i'm a sloppy a
slop of the dresser which is true but to knock my glasses my glasses are a fashion plate glasses
they they way about as the same amount as my that's right about half an ounce
how do you like that guy huh more critiques critrie even critiquing my glasses no less all time
to update the glasses new get some new glasses i mean some of the glasses in those old pictures i
would grant you that like those picture cards those big old Charles Nelson righty kind of glasses
i mean those were embarrassing the out in john glasses i never wore those but but some pretty bad
ones these are great and guess what i see with them huh now i see that that was up 32 point it was
down there a little bit it was a negative territory just briefly just tuned in did you guys
kick this one around yet well what does that mean did we kick it around did we discuss oh it's
a story he's got a text history about vstlity and florida and some some crap like that yeah we
kicked it around we kicked around the beast yeah we're kicking it yeah we're kicking it old style
this is the base Wikipedia fego i see it's this uh another link oh jimmy droski uh cames in well
now we've made it how about green river soda never have heard of the green river killer a popular
classic from the chicago area really miss a nice big styrofoam cover it alongside a chicago
dog or Italian beef sandwich there's nothing out of kid with anybody says other than roam
there's no place in the world for food like chicago okay well you weren't there long enough
to find out no i think i eat a hot dog there says there's no easy way to describe the flavor of this
bright green soda other than tell you to try and imagine a carbonated drink version of these
generic green lollipops you get from the doctor as a kid it sounds horrible but i assure you it's a
great soda am i the only one who like crystal pepsy i never heard of it neither but she even crystal
never heard of it then again i was only 13 when i had a brief stint on the store shelves i'm sure
i had a higher tolerance for crap back then oh i had a high tolerance for crap about 10 15 this morning
wow i still can't get over that uh i haven't had an experience like that in a line i have no idea
what what caused it of them at email about joe bill it says i hope to make it to japan before
they take cucumber pepsi off the shelves i'm sure it's awful but it's intriguing and i can use it
to wash down a bag of strawberry cheetos those crazy japs says jimmy dorsky well oh adrian is back
again who's beyond chronic and he sends me a thing about carlo rizzi well that's great about the
godfather we know all about carlo we don't need any more your godfather trivia okay Adam schnook
this is the guy who wants me to read five how about if i just read the whole godfather novel on here
how would that be there you go it's only about five six hundred pages god tragic and he's given
here's some life instruction it says from zizko do whatever you want to work for thirty plus years
that a boy zizko and he's got a poll suggestion see not everybody's abandoned us these days good
here's one that says i remember a fraygo and another poll suggestion this is Steven jersey chronic
while we're doing drink polls etc i'm not sure i've seen the following what kind of drinkers
listen to the show might be real indicator on your audience demographics for the qm sales team
selling your show ha ha ha ha yeah selling my show ha ha ha is right then he's got a poll what's your
favorite adult beverage beer wine don't drink shots martini bloody marie scotch and whatever vodka
whatever jenna whatever tequila margarita girly drinks jack and coke and jager jager jager jager
what the hell's the gager it's a lichor it's a liqueur but excuse me excuse me
maybe i need to upgrade my glasses none for fraygo and that's because it's a detour thing
that's why i used to remember buying it all the time because you two buy it all the time but it's
a long time ago i left michigan in nineteen seventy one yeah thirty eight y'all almost
forty years ago and i still remember fraygo soda i remember he's all parking north field
downs in jackson harness raceway and i'm released finder delicatessen and maralos great restaurants
that are all gone in detroit they're all gone oh boy how sad what they did to that city i wouldn't
do to avar brown scots says moxies in o'inland thing never got into it worst ever dollar generals
clover valley cola tastes like keo pectate oh it says crisp bakers now a lardass wannabe mini
apolis and an ass clown debute he was in texas for a while there now he's in miniapolis a lardass
wannabe all these guys now are right wingers you know like allis rentel and everybody's the right
winger see anything until a bomb got elected and all the right wingers are like s o l now
like over there at i.o.d. all right well we had a giant book we kicked you guys ass yeah great
oh it falls ringing really i'll be back yeah well jesse jackson's the most powerful public speaker
in the world but can you have a casual conversation with jesse jackson that's like uh jesse
he think he likes it then it's a little bit set that up a rightle's emotion it may
good judgment but not only that it's certainly make good sense to have a harder breakfast
and it may good judgment but not only that it's certainly make good sense to have a hard
a lunch now i think the position when does something just for a queen bee or not when does
such a dangerous for a bumblebee well what the hell is that bob and tom bit time are you sure
by a vow literally no one to finish it is topic go ahead go ahead and know that a whole of
people selling them a gamma wall the people ask me what the jesse jackson won't what do i want
i want the seven nation what do i want i want the reason the my return of a nation what do i
want i want a picture not an under well stature what do i want i want Fred Flintstone in the house
Fred's cat out the house stale side for the night i want you on Fred and Monty
anytime take that gay stone car down to you who the courtesy of Fred's do feet say it with me
never do let's run away where you work that run away go ahead sterile ham and comedians with
oh sorry it just repeats oh that's it that's it that was it cute got some breaking news got a big
story of a first let's do the break all right oh my oh i just got an email from joe bell he says
Greg Bdell is a no talent loser grab my junior honey it's a new are you smarter than it's it
Grader tonight are you smarter than a grader the mother of all contestants our family has the same
ups and downs as any other the same challenges and the same joys sometimes even the greatest joys
bring challenge the first ever westbound pony express delivery started in Missouri and ended in
what u.s. state the great state of Alaska not smarter than a fifth grader which of the following
is a country in africa albania argentina Algeria canada mexico and then yeah that trip that was a
trip of a lifetime and we've got to keep an eye on rush not smarter than a fifth grader there are
an extraordinary burst and you can actually see russia from land here in the last i am so sorry not
smarter than a fifth grader got some breaking news on the sarah palen front on that family really
sarah palen's 18 year old daughter bristol has reportedly broken off her engagement with leo
johnston the father of her two month old son trip what a surprise what a shock yet
it's surprising it says because an interview just last month with foxes grede van sustern bristol
said the 19 year old leo rise a hands-on dad he's got his hands on it and that they planned on
marrying after finishing their education i wish i had my hands on it leo vie but a new interview
with star magazine leo vie sister mrs. say mrs. say mrs. said johnston says bristol actually broke up
with him more than a month ago and is not attending school and earlier that's her baby's daddy see
their young son her baby's daddy the daddy mrs. said says bristol even told him she hates him and when
she learned she was pregnant wish the baby wasn't his mrs. say told star bristol just crazy that's
the nicest way i can put it she and leo vie actually broke up a while ago from the where were the
hell's are from with a photo from these splash photo agency i don't have the photo on their mrs.
y'all if the photos of leo vie naked i want to see it anyway how do you like that what a shock
oh yeah all those good Christians all those holier than all that phony baloney all that crap mama
screw on her brains out and it runs in the family the much a hose let the dad's up and in half
points nothing too exciting our chief says i heard an earlier email or mentioned cheer wine it's
the greatest thing it's a regional soda from earth kira line and not red necki s out kira line
it was created during world war two when sugar shortages forced bottler by the way fego's got two
votes when sugar shortages forced bottlers to come up with alternatives to sugar it's sweetened
with cherries and you don't get that residual corn syrup sugar coating in your mouth that you
get with most sodas too bad George doesn't like cherry soda and ask him to bring me back some
i love going to the mass general store throughout appellation getting a cheer wine float
the greatest what a good idea what a great idea what next time i'm an appellation gonna cheer wine
float at the mass but also it's it's cherry though all give it a shot p s randy molars sucks
how do you think a panther player feels after he's busted his ass trained all his life to score a
goal and this clown turns it into a joke and they listen to me moment for god's sake he announces
the score after the horn is gone off he sucks that is correct he's not a broadcaster never will be
so they make it into a big oh well he's got all these clever sayings that everybody sent in and
we make it into a big promotion here they hype it with a bunch of crap top shelf where grandma
hides the peanut butter stealing from rich generate an infomnia infomnia
silly ass red deer randy moulder but nevertheless it's how florida what do they know about it
you know what they know about hockey announcers that's what they know so paul born who's another one
of these guys evidently who i thought was a good guy but you know you know like the guy yesterday
who was arguing back and forth what was that all about back and forth and back and forth and on
and on what was that about i don't know paul warn evidently is the same kind of guy even though we
got out of south florida it still hasn't left his body well then you need to update your freaking
website photo about the glasses now what photo is he talking about i don't know what what he gets
on there there's photos on there from gallows dream which is last summer which is the most recent
photos that are on there and those are the glasses i'm wearing right now if i had them on which i
don't but they're sitting right here in front of me so i not only need to update my glasses but i
need to update the website photo need to do this need to do that do it do it do it do it do it just do it
screw it i'm not going to do it screw it screw you paul screw you in a banana boat you're riding around
on the the lake you're the mistake by the lake well you need to update this and update that web
of a bomb right you're wrong what was that all about yesterday we had to think of them back
and forth always about the airports oh yeah so you leave it to me to have the memory you're you're
well it's all that bad drug you didn't even give me a chance the hell i didn't
i have to like what 20 30 times what were we debating yesterday with that one jerk the airport
he's giving me the mia just like these people keep sending me these pictures of bricola great
looks nice enjoy it that was up 12 points more money please who's this who's this the once money
financial markets has been sharply criticized for lax oversight for example SEC investigators
missed the Bernard made off investments scam even though they had many warnings so a lot of
people in the Midwest are trying to keep water out of their home i wonder who got smeared with
that Bernie made off thing that went on for like 25 years who was getting smeared they're under the
to keep quiet about that billions we're not talking about millions we're talking about
billions of dollars that he cheated people out of he don't belong in jail he belongs not even on
death row they should just have a firing squad let all the people that he cheated out of their
money coming blast away don't you think that's a good idea you bet you right on heraldo let's give
heraldo a two hour special mr roger is my loyal minions who advised me that
a two hour segment of your feeble transmission overlaps the airing of my excellent what is this phony
take rush football l rushbow yeah surely this is an oversize on air go ahead get lost
very weak who the hell is this oh it's Levi oh i knew it was somebody pretty good to leave
i johnson who's not getting married to a Sarah's daughter after he's available he's available he
looks good to me man make a pitch he's got a hockey jersey on in this one picture
well i bet you i know how he impregnated her and what he did it with
i bet you i know what he used Nigel says crystal Pepsi came out of boy he really is beautiful
a lot a lot prettier than she is i'll tell you that even you would agree with that yep
well runs in the family the parents are ugly there but and i remember when she first got
picked by McCain oh she's so hot and all these guys oh she's hot
there the guys they need it there the guys they need the new glasses let me tell you right now
good god she's about as hot as the backside of joebell's fat ass
Nigel says crystal Pepsi came out in 93 lasted about a year it tasted like Pepsi but it looked
like seven up i remember the commercials featuring the van halen song right now maybe this will
be fresh years of Georgia's memories oh yeah no last about five minutes it does i remember
the commercial but not the soda i don't think that we ever wound up having any why do they keep
messing around with stuff because it's the flavor of coca it's the the way our de-marketing method
i have told you that for years you take the same two or three products and you make them into
20 or 30 products and that way you sell a schmitt load the hell of a lot more of it
don't you understand mm-hmm i mean if they just had one coke on the market i mean how much
would they sell but they got coke zero and coke light and coke classic and coke this and coke
whatever you know right right right like chef boyard it's the same crap in different shapes
mini ravioli big fat ravioli beef oroni and all this it's all the same crap and all with that
nasty sauce oh that's the one thing i will admit about chef boyardy nasty sauce
taste real like mung you know what i mean yep not like real good fresh pasta but
but like it's been sitting in the can for like who knows 20 30 years and maybe it has been
an embarrassment what a joke real american a-hole real american a-holes we salute you
mr. i have to work during spring break while everyone else is partying like Amy Winehouse guy
mr. i have to work during spring break while everyone else is partying like Amy Winehouse guy
your entire graduating classes will open it up in florida and mexico while you spend spring break
in a kiosk asking customers if they're happy with their current cell phone provider
spring break is overrated anyway what with the body shots grit to it is sex funnels
naked chicks beaches parties and warm weather there's no place like home there's no place like home
the guy who sits next to you at advanced calculus is doing fun hits with michael felps
and you are stuck shoveling moms yarris out from the freak norris to that dump three feet of snow
this weekend oh you could have gone too if only daddy didn't split when you were three and mommy's
latest excuse for a husband didn't invest every last penny he had with alan stanford and
bernie maddoff so we salute you mr. i have to work during spring break while everyone else is
partying like Amy Winehouse guy your ex-girlfriend who got on girls gone wild your two point six
three GPA and your flare you are a real american a-hole i mean i don't want to sound too
anything like that but i bet you said that Levi's guy like a manly penis 1234 26 till one at five
six sixty wqa m or maybe a girly i don't know well we know it works pretty pretty what we know
what works he looks pretty pretty well evidently at least once uh-huh now we got to big
over two and maddoff four and then some stuff that we don't want to talk about then tomorrow at
eleven thirty and more we got hurricane warm up preceding the u.m. virginia tech a cc alternative
advanced to bulking so clearance is getting a hitch huh yes well did you congratulate him i
took his hand and laughed at him at the same time no well that was the appropriate thing to do
that was absolutely the right thing to do you're getting married clearance congratulations and
what a fool well i hope she i hope she's onto him i mean i hope she realizes what a
nutnik he is he's just i don't know
what i don't know i just can't imagine anything alive being married to clearance but then again
you never know and i never thought anything alive would be married to the beast and look how
wrong i was about that and zaxon gauge too zax is engaged oh yeah zax he of the very raspy voice
fame wow well good for him congratulations zax although he deserves better too he's guys are idiots
you think that they would have learned from your example Josh quarters is the one
he's the smart one of the whole bunch by the way i still haven't sent him that last check that
oh him i i think what i'll do is i'll wait until i'm do for one for chris sloan
chris wailin chris sloan wow producer back at what i said what a marriage that would be
chris sloan was one of my producers back at i and z and then w snooze he was close buddies with
Alice rantell chris sloan chris wailin is what i was saying yep maybe when he's doing first first
check that's not a ways down the road though Josh quarters i'll get around to it if i get if i get
flush maybe today i mean yes where i'm going at two o'clock i just got confirmation i don't know
what you don't have to need too many guesses
demz for the poll sends me a picture not just the names of the sodas but pictures a canna mountain
do which we already decided i mean you can put it on there if you want
we were right now or mountain don't and then Tahitian treat which is made by candidate dry
hi that's a purple stuff ain't it i don't know i'm pretty sure it is kind of like a wine punch
do you like a wine punch uh no haven't had that in a hundred years it's too sweet for you probably
like it's very very sweet and i told you i used to drink a whole can of a wine punch with a whole
box of hamburger helper on a weekend when i worked in serosso that i weighed 266 pounds
god was i fat and sick i was killing myself with food that i was up nine points not too exciting
so i better make some money it would buy
steve says not to push it well i tell you one thing this soda thing has gone over bigger than
Mary Tyler Moore not to push it the original 16 ounce bottle to compete with coke and Pepsi at
the same time with three v and it's got pictures of it it says Pepsi was originally marketed as
giving more value than coke during the depression remember the little coke bottle sure you take one
swig of that and you're all done in fact some places you go in and they still have those little
coke bottles and they bring your glass of ice and you pour that little tiny amount of coke in
there and the bottle is empty and the glass is only like half full and if the ice wound in it would
be like a teacup right then must be like a fancy restaurant what that must be a fancy restaurant
it says i guess 3d was the 1950s concept of a futuristic cola rocket ship bottle etc all of these
i guess i was Steve i never heard of it 3d i heard a 3d i heard the Jonas Brothers are doing it in
3d i heard they're doing each other in 3d but there are no what's his name what's the
our guys name Levi Levi what's that song Levi's coming yeah boy i sure like to be there for that
anyway i could never find that what i searched online is that three dog night
who does that three dog night told you and i couldn't find it well that's probably because it's
banned in our library sounds like something sexual or something like that you know we sure don't
want anything like that because Joyce has got a real serious problem with farts and penis and
vagina she's got a problem with all of those here's an interesting pool now what is this from a
report by mercer consulting all of these pools like those ones yesterday when it said Miami had
the worst air which i knew that was bogus and then the Forbes magazine one which said that
Miami's got the best air quality of anywhere in the universe even on Uranus
Swiss and German cities dominate the ranking of the best cities in the world this is got
the 50 best cities in the world guess where for a lot of day on Miami are on this list
top and bottom no guess again bottom guess again number one guess again
number one and number one that's exactly right
thank you
our from broke intro-dosing a revolutionary new products guaranteed to improve your sex life
fart stop it stops farts where they start how many times is this happened to you you're in the
sack with the hottest baby work it looks like you're gonna score then it hits you that low rumble
that puffy feeling in your ass the incredible urge to belt at the top of your lungs can you hold back
can you somehow channel this energy to your reproductive system can you determine whether you're
gonna cut a big one or are you gonna make a big nasty mess of the whole situation you need
fart stop it stops farts where they start never again do you have to worry about blowing it
while in those compromising positions available in pine crisp linen and now new unsented for those
who enjoy not just fumes fart stop it stops farts where they start call one nine hundred big stench
i bet you joy spies that by the case who she is a case 1245 a qum in fact i bet you thought that
you were nervous thinking that there was going to be some sound effects in that pit it is
something that always crosses but i auditioned it before during the break good before i played it
before i because i didn't do that anyway we know it's Eli's coming as the name of the song by
three dog night and it was a little a little play on words by me but now i'm getting emails oh it's
Eli's coming three dog night and we know what's wrong with Levi's coming sounds like this sound right
that's the song you like i was just playing with the thing a little bit then look what happened
the real Alice rantel says tim is indeed the son of Tim Conway of TV fame he got blown out when
CBS changed format on kls x our buddy time like this was also let go yeah we know Alice until friday
tim was filling in for me on k a bc during my leave tim is very funny and brine wipin is a riot
brine does great impressions even does a great one of me Alice here's he he's another fill Henry
they're currently doing a podcast show i hope they land somewhere i hope to return to work soon
i'm feeling much better you're sounding full of p and vinegar i don't envy your audience
well what does that mean i don't envy your audience this is Alice that sounds like a shot
yeah sounds like a shot it's not intended that way obviously after he said i sound full of p and vinegar
which i can't say the word that rhymes with kiss Eli's coming by the way and so is Levi
yeah like it was a real shock that the two of them were never going to get married i mean right
we didn't give my a break oh brother peddling that bull crap oh he's a good family boy and blah blah
yeah family jadian how would you say that name jaden jaden
you didn't please add some kiss to the polls more addictive than cracks is jaden thanks you're welcome
some kid now the some kiss makes soda some kiss makes some kiss orange but that's not so as
you know what they have some kissed soda are you sure yes okay i don't think and well i'm probably
seen it probably though with sugar in it i just i mean the idea to me being the old diabetic that
i am and i eat a lot of ice cream and desserts and stuff i should need but i have always told you
if i'm gonna cheat i'm gonna cheat eating something really really good like when we went to a red
lobster the other day to celebrate pakokin is eat two license for dessert i had that chocolate
wave it is decadent it is disgustingly good oh it's like hot fudge cake with three small scoops
of an Eli's cream and hot fudge sauce drizzled over it oh drizzled drizzled over it hmm
i was just thinking about Levi again yeah the sizzle with the drizzle but anyway sam says
oh yeah here this is the answer to the problem with my buddy paul and shakago he's looking into
picture on the qa m website where i got those old-fashioned round glasses from 100 years ago that's an
ancient picture i have a more glasses like that since before a Moses was a child so sam's got his
thumb on he says i think that Paul guys looking at the picture you on the qa website your current
pictures on the website at gulf's team look good cool glasses yes they are also an employee at
competent park told me they're possibly going to shut down the harness racing for two months in
the summer the casinos usually very busy and the horsemen are getting screwed that is correct
they're getting screwed hey wally how's it going a and then George is very good when he fills in
his sam like it's like there you go thanks sam and you're right paul looking at that old-fashioned
picture they're with him old round glasses those glasses they look like the bottom of coke bottle
they look like Gilbert glasses by the way you're banned from the show Gilbert not see
him or see there goes George again picking on Gilbert that's me also quick you're the you're the
you were the right probably wanted to bring him in as a co-host as a sidekick and I said co-host
right and I absolutely refuse to stand for it i need some action i thought you talking talk
I wanted to bring him in as a co-host i'm making stuff up gracious i think sir palan's daughter
rate that poor young stud then dumped him because she's a slut someone should look into the young
man's life they may be to approve the rape theory just Karen you're right Karen she's his men aren't
all pigs now some of some of the broads are pigs like her sir a palan's daughter Brittany was
not her name Bristol crystal Bristol Bristol oh Bristol I wonder she does the Bristol stomp
to yeah all the time I know we've been through that all on the dovels way the other one
there's another recording of the Bristol stomp that you and sister on playing they really pissed me
off because it's weak anyway here's that story swiss in german cities dominate ranking of the best
cities in the world it's interesting june 10th 2008 well that's when this thing was done well
out has changed since then my name is really on a map now my main for Florida no Florida cities made
it on this list this is top 50 in the world even seabring Florida didn't make it
Zurich Vienna and Geneva are the best cities in the world as far as quality of living in
his concerns as Mercer consulting in a survey published in june 2008 van koeuver and
Auckland New Zealand are placed fourth and fifth respectively followed by three german cities
doseldorf Munich and Frankfurt Frankfurt oh fat Tokyo London and Madrid are all outside the top
25 overall Baghdad is not surprisingly the lowest ranking city in the survey well I'm going to
in the uk length London ranks 38th while Birmingham and Glasgow are jointly 56th the highest entry
for the u.s. is Honolulu a Pergin number 28 and it is fabulous but who can afford to live there
the cities with the lowest quality of living ranking are Nijatin Nijan I can't say it NDJ AMENA
211th cartoon 212 cartoon I'm not going to race him I'm going to put him out to stud
razaville 213 and bangui 214 Baghdad ranks number 215 retains its position at the bottom of the table
the rankings are based on a point scoring index with c Zurich scoring 108 Baghdad scores 13.5
boy unlucky 13 for them wow cities are compared to New York as the base city with an index
score of 100 the quality of living survey covers 215 cities conducted by Mercer consulting
tell governments and major companies plays employees on international assignments here's the list
you want to hear them okay number one Zurich number two tied for two Vienna and Geneva not
Geneva New York Geneva Switzerland Schweitz number four van koefer number five Auckland New Zealand
number five Duceldoch Germany numbers seven Munich Germany number tied for seven Frankfurt Germany
it's a whole number nine burn Switzerland number nine what happened I don't know number 10 Sydney
Australia number 11 Copenhagen Denmark followed by Wellington New Zealand Amsterdam is 13th 14th
is Brussels 15th Toronto how do you like that a 15th 16th Berlin now isn't it interesting that
three of my very favorite cities in the world are like 13 15 and 16 Amsterdam Toronto and Berlin
side by each yeah pretty interesting no 17 time Albert and Luxembourg 19 Ottawa oh I've never been
there but I can't even begin to imagine going there followed by Stockholm Perth Montreal Montreal
oh the frog factors Nuremberg Oslo Dublin Calgary Calgary lots of red next I've been in
Hamburg Germany all those pretty lakes the pretty city Hamburg Honolulu San Francisco
Helsinki I've been there it's a great city Helsinki Finland takes about five years to get there
but it's real pretty Adelaide Australia Singapore Paris Brisbane Australia 35th Tokyo 36 Leon France
Leon frog 37 Boston 38th Thai Yokohama and London 30th 40th Kobe Japan 41st Milano
how the hell can Milano be head of Jesus I don't know Florence and Rome 42 Barcelona followed
by Madrid Washington DC 44th tied with Osaka Lisbon in Chicago all four tied with 44th
48th Portland Oregon I was gonna say Portland Maine that would be bad 49th New York City and 50th Seattle
Canadian cities dominate the rankings in the Americas Vancouver has the best quality of living
of those cities followed by Toronto Ottawa Montreal in the US after Honolulu come San Francisco Boston
Chicago Washington DC and New York in central and South America San Juan and Puerto Rico
retains the highest ranking at 72 followed by Montevideo that's Uruguay correct
Uruguay at 76 Port-au-Prince in Haiti ranks lowest in the region to 200 second
in terms of the index van koevrescores 107.6 compared to Port-au-Prince's 39.8 wow let's go to
Haiti Monk not Europe Switzerland and Germany dominate the European cities with the best quality living
each having three cities represented the top 10 Bern and Switzerland ranks nine following behind
Zurich and Geneva doseldorf reenicken Frankfurt represent Germany outside the top 10 are
Copenhagen Amsterdam Brussels Berlin and Luxembourg double in followed by Paris Marthalona and
Madrid and Lisbon followed by Rome 55 up from 61 in 2007 probably the reason for Rome is because
of smog the bad air oh and the traffic and the smegma Prague 71st is the highest ranking Eastern
European city followed by Budapest 78 fourth Vilnius 78 Loup de John a 82 I don't know what that is
what is that Loup de Lala and Warsaw 85 the lowest ranking European city is Minsk 183rd in Belarus
Minsk that's where my grandma was born Minsk Averna aren't you excited about that? No Minsk
was 49.4 on the index compared with Zurich's hundred and eight Milano Lisbon Vilnius and Riga have
also become more attractive destinations rising markedly in the ranking since 2007 so there you go
I don't see no Florida cities on there I don't even see Jacksonville or Dunedin Dunedin St. Pete
St. Augustine Lake Worth Bointin Beach yeah oh just seabring seabring I already mentioned that seabring oh
sorry what you think now don't you drive to seabring on 27 or my wrong yes you do very good and what's
the other place where they got that German buffet on Avon Park is that it oh I don't know yeah they
got an anifty German buffet in Avon Park who to thunk it oh no hello this is on this is not a
tumor it's the one the two hour the entertainment is over today time for the big oh
we're not talking about women he just doesn't get it only sports nothing but sports we all get
moist over bill par cells the big whoa this connected from reality sports yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes the big
still wagging the big foam finger of a failed format nobody wants to hear
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh let's start with the strong open here's Van Gundy
that with Van Gundy and Ted Bundy what a game what a game
all right 101 and 560 number two I'm the real big ol be honored to this afternoon I know
What 661 votes on the poll pretty soon we're gonna be up to 666 wow. Let's take a puke at it right now
We might be there already
Let me take a puke
661 let me refresh it and it says it says
661 oh
Our goal is 666 the Dow's down 25 points not not a big deal
Nothing you're too excited about it 6500 even
That can't be right this is 6900. I don't know what it is. I don't care
A fool on his money are soon farted. Let me tell you right now. There's a stock broker a guy oh around 40-ish
Who's at woodbun every afternoon. I keep thinking of myself. I wonder if he's bringing his clients money and investing it
I mean if you're a stock broker wouldn't you think that you'd be broker?
No, he's there every afternoon and I'm talking about while the markets are still open. I don't understand it
I'm not gonna right. Huh? I think you got it right. I think you hit it. That's his investment plan. Yeah
Oh, I got a good machine for you today, man. Hey, oh and today's economy. That might be the better bet
That's true. Sure as a lot better more fun, Maria
Excluding coca Pepsi. What's the best tasting soda? We got 661 vote ginger rail 98
Barx root beer 91 those two been they've been a dill in with each other the whole time from the get go
ginger rail and barx root beer
I mean ginger rail is the best tasting soda. That's like vanilla ice cream all over again. I mean ginger rail is
It's refreshing, but it really doesn't have much of any taste but I can't imagine ordering a ginger rail or saying to somebody
Hey, bring me a ginger rail. You know unless you're sick
Cream soda 80 oh
All of a sudden I'm we have a replay of earlier this morning. I don't think so I doubted I
Think I'm done for the month really God that was just a gut wrenching experience orange car 75
Oh, and somebody sent me up photos of them from the working web
Some kids soda's you're right. They just don't have it here. I haven't had it a long time
Some kids to diet orange is pretty good. Yes, it is
Burt's beer 74 fresco 35 one of my very favorites fresco
Right there behind caffeine-free dip Pepsi
Squirt 30
Mr. Pivot 27 E high grade 27. Oh, I sure wish they had that in diet. I wish I had like a gallon of it right now at a whole bunch of ice
I
Don't drink soda 24 well excuse us. Okay excuse us
3.6% of this snooty audience don't drink no soda
They're probably eating chat tobury on and drinking champagne
Dr. Pepper 20 iron beard 12 IBC root beer 8 higher's root beer 8
Trepsonic water 8 Dr. Brown's black cherry soda 7 not just for juice RC cola 6
Stores orange cream 6 Mountain Dew 5 cherry 7 up 5
Furnars ginger ale 4
Fui just go chew on some out tree somewhere
Guarana 4 chastitu Fagos got to Fagola
Al 8 2 cactus cooler one and none yet for some kids to even treat cheer wine or thumbs up well all night hoopla about cheer wine
Do I have any votes?
Think a lot of hoopla had several comments on that no votes
662 on the full we're inching our web to 666
Of course that probably exceeds the number of people can hear our signal today, but
664 we need just two more and I hear a knock on the door not
They made constant it's Wednesday oh
So two o'clock I'm right now got my shirt and my pantaloonies on
During this first break I'll put my shoes on other reason I mentioned this is because there are a lot of people out there like that Twitter crap
That's right. They're twittering it down. Oh my god. What what what who's responsible for that? How do we get rude?
Some lifeless hole what are you talking about? Oh, Mr. Radio or someone just like don't you remember we both got those
Invitation to join mr. Radio on Niels Twitter. So I don't have a Twitter page or a Facebook page
The douse down 22 points
You notice how matter of fact they're said that yep. Oh, here's an email about the rankings
The rankings that you just read by Mercer is for within city limits
As you know
No cities in Florida actually have a large enough population living within city boundaries to qualify for being included in that list
Calgary population 1.1 million Ottawa 1.2 million Miami population for 100,000
Oh, I see so in other words if Miami had more people in it
Then am I qualified for ranking
You believe that
What whatever I guess we have to well then we need to get on like Ray Perry would say we need to bring a whole lot more people to Miami
Get that ranking way up there
You're gonna get a spanking if you don't get a better ranking
So how about that syrup palen about that trailer trash family and all those people said oh, they're good Christians. Yeah, right
They're what's wrong with American Christianity. They're what's wrong with trailer trash no
The palen family they're what's right with it?
And what are they? Well, let's go to the break thing. I think what's his name is leave us if they weren't leave eyes coming
I got that no, you got you guys coming
By three dogs night. Thank you Kathy for sending that to me
She sent it to you. Yes, and where's it? I'm looking for it. Oh, he's looking for it
I'll think it's a giant says hey old man growing up in the 70s
My dad would take me to a place called the sub center
It was close by the right and festive place Coney Island on 163rd Street North Miami Beach. Yeah, that place was filthy
Food was good though Coney Island
But it was notorious for being filthy anyways. They had deep-brox soda my favorite was either black cherry or cream soda
Always listening take care. Fago was back in my Michigan days boy
How fast 40 years goes by just like like that?
Like this that's it like that. Yeah
All
Almost enough to make me want to play that
A hundred years gone by almost I said right
Now if you got you guys coming by three dog night or you just just teasing us. Let's take it forever to download here
Oh my god
Well, that's because you're equipping there is so antiquated well when you move into the new digs
You're gonna have like all brain new equipment
Huh your funny guy once your show starts
10 to 11 30 tomorrow and hopefully 10 to 11 30 on Friday go change. We love the hurricane
Wow
You lie
Levi's looking for whoa yeah, jump back
That was on 32
Oh
Here we go
Okay, that's one of their worst songs
I like three dog night just fine, but that I don't like that song. Do you like that song?
No pretty weak pretty mediocre
There are no grassroots. I'll tell you that that may be the most underrated group of all time from it from that era
The grassroots can we agree on that what argue with you
They are just fine and ugly too, but they still make good music
You don't have to be good looking to make good music
In fact, the odds are if you are good looking you're gonna make bad music like Joey Jonas
Who's working on our bonus
Oishmoiju says the pain on clan is nothing more than trailer trash living in a house
The way they paraded that pregnant slut around the RNC convention was nothing short of a side show
That is correct. It was a side. It was a freak show
That whole two-thousand the way they were passing around the baby. Oh, it's a little baby
It's a little baby
Her little deformed baby that remember that one and they kept passing it around like some kind of a I don't know
Like the like the gold phone in the godfather too
Remember the gold phone in Havana?
Yes, when they were all sitting around the big conference table there with Batista full-hensio Batista
I'm going to pass that around yeah
And
Remember a hymen Roth he took a look anyway
Fat the whole two thousand eight election first was just another scam forces on the American people says Oishmoiju
We haven't had a legitimate president since JFK. What what does that mean?
The two thousand eight election farce
We are the most controlled society on earth nothing personal just businesses Oishmoiju. You're not can president
What's his name Obama you shame on you
Oh
Oishmoiju probably uh go like Schwarzenegger that's probably the problem
The dead-bobblacidus says Virgil's root fears the greatest never heard of it
I heard of Virgil trucks used to pitch for the tigers and the white socks. He's dead
Virgil trucks keep on trucking Virgil on those members websites in advance
So the public and the press can examine president on president vows to hold the pork all right
We shouldn't want to get involved in that no way
Ron says I just tuned in to do you guys keep this one around yet best wishes Jersey Ron formerly a South plantation
P.S. I'm glad I'm in Jersey couldn't find birch beer much in Florida
And the story is Florida lawmakers consider ban on bci outy. They're considering it pushing legislation that would make having sex with animals of felony
They're thinking about it
Most other states it's an o-brainer in Florida. They're like sticking and thinking about it
Who's gonna get a bricky of bloke
B
Rates are on the list this is
Oh
One
Oh, let me take a look at the security moderner.
Anything to do with sports?
Well, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay though.
Go back to the files.
Well, this is kind of interesting in a very bizarre way.
Now really, it says you are correct.
A fantastic band, Burton Cummings, had one of the best voices in rock and roll history.
And it's the thing about the guest who.
I love the guest who except for him personally.
But did I mention anything about the guest who?
No, I thought we were talking about the grassroots.
I'd said the grassroots, not the guest who.
He begins with a G. God, G. Wiz, G. Willockers.
I mean, tell me about it.
There we go.
Midnight Confession.
Yeah.
You're going to talk it up or what?
No, I'm absolutely not.
Telling me that you're on the air.
Okay, it's enough.
I love the grassroots.
Oh, that's for today.
I like this a lot.
It's a good plan too.
Let's search for it tomorrow when we get off at 1130.
Sounds better, I do to me.
I think of all the words.
After a great lunch from the sea old.
Right.
Oh, what a day.
What a bananze.
You guys coming tomorrow evening?
Good morning, Jason.
Great job.
You might have to bring me that child up to Taylor's soup.
I'm glad that we are different.
We better things to do.
I want a bat of it.
I want a tank on the wheels.
One, two, three.
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Any laws concerning bestiality would not limit the trading in stump trade goats and the subsequent
exponential rise in in bread idiots in the red neck community says Nick.
Yeah, that's a good point.
No matter how many laws they pass, but nevertheless, I'll get to that maybe and maybe not.
Lindsay and Miramar says, my favorite soda as a kid was Tahitian treat or big red.
Totally it was red.
It was like purple red.
You can't find either of them in South Florida.
It was like Hawaiian punch.
But most things people are not found in South Florida says Lindsay.
Also, I was listening to Alan Combs on the radio the other night and Prozac Ron called
it into the show.
Maybe he's got a new friend.
You can tell it was him because of his annoying voice and he started going on a rant about how he and his mom
just had to know with the mayor of Davy.
It was nice to see he was harassing someone else.
Love your show.
I look forward to it every day.
Thanks, Lindsay and Miramar.
I wonder if that's mufflinzy.
You think?
No.
Now here again, these people from the Miami Chamber of Commerce working feverishly to try to convince me of something.
What that is is I don't know.
Toronto has about seven times the amount of land that Miami has.
Yeah, that's right because it's a real big city.
It's not just just a bunch of bedroom towns all hooked together like South Florida.
I've always said, Miami is just a big hick town.
I said that way back in 76, 33 years ago, plus a big hick town.
All these bedroom towns disconnected.
In fact, this bears it out.
At only 35.68 square miles of land area, Miami has the smallest land area of any major US city with a metro area released to and have been in people.
The city proper is home to less than 113 South Florida residents.
Additionally, 52% of the county's population doesn't live in any incorporated city.
Miami is the only major city in the US bordered by two national parks.
Every glades national park on the west and biscuit national park on these, that in 40 cents will eat with turt of a cup of coffee at Tim Hortons.
So what are they trying to peddle me?
Well, what's the point?
That's just a small hick town.
I know that.
I don't know.
I mean, to say that Miami is like a major city is a joke.
Comparing Miami to Toronto is like comparing the
P.W. baseball team to the Yankees.
I mean, I just just don't get it.
Do you understand it?
No.
Because you never been to Toronto.
No.
Well, why not?
That was down seven points.
Kathy says, I hate to disagree with George, but Fago diet so does work.
Great.
Well,
George never said they were good or bad because he never heard of it.
I've never seen it.
That's all.
Well, they just want to disagree.
I know. That's fine.
Yes, they're tough.
Good.
It's.
It's Also it's a schaffen.
That's not fine.
Eा!
They have their own fruit感 and they have pretty good taste at that.
The Levi's coming.
Rouse says, how about Nesbitt Orangin,
Grand Pog, Graff's Root Beer,
Popular In The Midwest,
Never heard of either one of them.
Well, Nesbitt Orangin maybe.
I think I heard of that.
Do you hear that?
No.
Now, what are what kind of sodas were big in New York?
Like when you went to Athens to get a weed,
a couple of winters?
Nehy.
Nehy?
Sure.
And of course, Dr. Brown.
I imagine.
But Dr. Brown was in the delis, you know.
Dr. Brown.
What's the big, I mean, Dr. Brown is okay,
but what's the big,
Simmons with it?
That's it.
Is for Jews?
It's fine.
It's great.
Do you like it?
Yes.
It is good.
Dr. Brown's.
Andres says, the best sodas,
Inca cola, Inca d'incadue.
Jimmy Duranty loved it.
I can't get you.
It says, it's like a champagne sweet,
and I's almost like pineapple.
It's a Spanish Spixot,
a great usually found in Spanish restaurants.
It is really,
incredible.
It is Andres.
I wonder if he's keen to Andres Tegovia,
the great classical guitarist?
No.
Or maybe Andres Cantor.
The soccer announcer?
We don't have that anymore, do we?
Yes.
Brazil, do we have it?
Yes.
Is it in the thing?
Yes.
What's the Andres?
Andres.
Are you, are you kidding me?
Andres Cantor.
Aitla de la Reva de Tobajos
See how it goes on a cup of Aitla de la Reva de Tobajos.
Let me know how you are.
The ball's beat.
The ball's beat.
The ball's beat.
The ball's beat.
The ball's beat.
I'll take up to the ramp of Brazil.
Yes.
Take a pill, rhymes with Brazil.
Brazil is a hell of a place to understand where the men are men in the store most of the women but nevertheless I always say that but I just read that you know
Not a drag queens like like that the creature that what was his name Adam?
From American Idol okay, he was trying to palm off on me good God what a screamer
Golly
I'm sorry. I don't want to sound like you know a bigoted old bag, but I am I just I just
Just can't deal with it with what drag queens named Adam. Yeah, I'm American Idol and
People trying to pretend that they're like oh this guy is what what's he supposed to be talented?
He wants to be a dancer that's his next thing I was reading he wants to be a dancer yes
What's the word tight panth and do a dance and do a dance in his pants?
That's what mine do in a dance and Levi's pants. Yeah, I'm obsessed now would leave I know that his story and somebody send me that picture
You can send me a lot more pictures of Levi by the way if you got him once his last name again
Strauss Levi Harner
I don't know
Levi Harner and Eldon Harner his son. They're both dead
Legendary harness racing names leave our harner for years
He held a trotting record of a TV down to the horse named rodear 201 flat. What a memory for just obscure crap
Aren't you embarrassed for me a little bit? I?
Wonder if David Vance is in his pants
Too bad Dick Feinberg's out there in California now and not enjoying all this harness racing trivia
686 on the pull our goal 700 I feel really good about life in general
Oh, and you know what we got a good pull for tomorrow when I was in it when I was a child the first adult
I had a crush on was a blank, you know
I want we have to add like entertainer on there. It's not on it. We'll do it tomorrow
Because I don't want to change the podium because this one is a going over like Mary Tyler Moore and flatbacks
What kind of people say flap jacks red necks. Yes, flap jacks
Don't give any flat jack
Got my shoes on now aren't you proud of me as punch I'm ready. I'm gonna be busy this afternoon
I'm gonna be really busy Paco's got some business to take care of. He's busy and I'm busy. Everybody up here is busy and
The weather I don't know kind of a mixed bag was supposed to be 12 today
54 but that was like early in the morning and now it's going down all afternoon
I hate those kind of days when it starts out kind of like mild and then through the day it gets bitter and cold and windy and it's
Supposed to though it's 35
Aren't you thrilled as punch
Hey, Farrell, fight away, son. I've been given it some
Do I see?
Where did that come from? I know what me and you can do I'm blueberry much. I didn't hear no
Go in six to ten and I did five a gentile in the cranky jewel. I think we might be happy to get there
I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bag
Strasse on to tight no chance on toy show with you. I'd rather die with the grassy together
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big puppy Jew or Brooklyn height
I've been raised in high everybody but you
You're not high
I
Me and my
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive would want to hear a gentile and push it tight
That's happy together
Sure with you and me for me is much better six to ten than I'm five it's only right
That I should get for sleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there
What's with what?
Happy to get there
What's with what?
What can you be better?
One thirty three at five sixty WQA. I'm happy Wednesday too. Don't forget we got that hurricane
basketball pregame at eleven thirty tomorrow morning. Oh yeah. We aren't gonna forget
our way even though it took Fred Souter and a bunch of other people to tell us. I still can't get
over that people emailing us about you know the canes got a basketball. Yeah we know we know
you know though what and if they win tomorrow they play again on Friday we're out of here
eleven thirty on Friday. All right and if that happens if they should play on Friday we're preemptive
for the last part of the show. Well push the pickup pony thing back to next week.
Well he said it takes a little pressure off me a lot of pressure pressure. Randy says have you
read Obama's audacity of hope? No I have not. I just finished listening to the book on tape
read by the author and enjoyed it very much. He gets it. If BO can accomplish half of what he wants to
do and everybody thought of our president with those initials BO but it is. He could be one of
the it could be one of the greatest accomplishments in US history until recently Clinton was my favorite
president ever but Obama might now be one of my favorite people ever. If you haven't read it or
listen to the audacity I very strongly recommend it. You're going to read it to me? No good.
I'll pick it up. Fanta somebody says member Fanta Orange right? Fanta grape.
Somebody sends me a long long study by Irish Cheskin director of the Jewish
Demography project at the University of Miami and the consensus is the Jewish population of
Broward County is shrinking. The Jews are running away. The 2008 study updates the Jewish community
study of Broward County completed by the author for the Jewish Federation of Broward in 97.
In 2008 206 700 persons lived in 100 thousand Jewish households in Broward. Of the 206
700 persons in Jewish households 185 800 people are Jewish the rest of Margot in 97 269
thousand lived in 133 thousand Jewish households in Broward of the 269
thousand 100 in Jewish households 240 thousand were Jewish so from 1997
240 thousand Jews in Broward now only 185 thousand so 55 thousand Jews of vanished wouldn't be the
first time. From 97 to 2008 the number of Jewish households decreased by 33 thousand and the
number of persons in Jewish households decreased by 62 thousand 400. Wow. Well this goes on numbers.
Lots of number you're mailing it in with the numbers only Northwest Broward shows an increase
the number of people in Jewish households from 1997 to 2008 decreases are seen in North Central
Broward 35 percent West Central Broward 33 percent Southeast Broward 21 percent East Broward 17
percent and Southwest Broward 16 percent Broward is the eighth largest Jewish community in the U.S.
and the largest Jewish community in Florida 34 percent of South Florida's Jews and 27 percent
of the entire state of Florida's Jews live in in that's right. Well this goes on for pages and pages
and pages wow whoa this evening has a map where you'll find sunny Rosenberg is that
side of a bitch still alive that old goat. And what was that other guy in hellendale
the city manager. Oh my keys trying to give me off here what that was his name.
That's before your time. Never the last it's in bits. Ray Ray something. I don't know.
Somebody will know the city manager of hellendale oh what a place all I can say is.
Although I do miss Manero's that was a good restaurant wasn't that the name of it. Maybe
where they had the blue cheese dressing on the salad. Oh god was that good.
Takes a lot to get me excited about a salad. The only other salads I got excited about were the
salads with the honey mustard dressing at Houston's. Yes they had good salads. I wonder
what ever happened in our show. We never heard from our show again. I'm pretty sure he's around.
I wonder if he's still what do they call that stuff. Ambrosia. Ambrosia very good I can never
remember but you got it right there on the tip of your time with those little tiny marshes. I did
cannot. I should have some of the tip. Well maybe they'll bring it tomorrow from the field.
I know just potatoes from left field. Some bangers and that. Before I come in the studio tomorrow
Levi's going to be sitting here waiting for me. You know you're closer to him than we are. What do
you mean by that? Well he's up in the last year. Oh that's right he's north to Alaska. I forgot
about that. Yeah do as go west. Zip right on down here. Maybe he'll zip down and unzip.
Levi he's a pretty young man and pretty smart to get the hell away from that bitch too.
Put on a big dog and pony show for the public. Oh yeah they're getting married in the fall and
yeah right. Slut the mother's a slut the daughter's a slut the apple don't fall far from the pair.
I'll tell you that. The palan's.
David says has anyone been over the north beach epicure since the open last fall? No.
They have some great kid that's where the rascal house used to be. Can you believe a south
road without the rascal house? Wow that that's like QAM without coming out.
Without that. It's a sense that they open. They've got some great kishka in a particular
interest this time of the year. Home in Toshin to die for. Oh I'm sure that the epicure is great.
At least the one on the beach always was. They got like those pre-packaged foods you know.
They got package deals as Winery would say. I still can't believe he's dead you know. I mean
there's a lot of people who are dead that I you know I can believe it. Like big fat people.
Yeah but Mike was you know. He just died one day. Remember that? Yep. He called us a few times
when he was saying he was working in Palm Beach. And he called us a few times. He got screwed by
Cox Broadcasting. Although they didn't have to pay him off for not working for you. That was good.
Nice going Mike. And all this crap about Oh Winery hated you. Yeah you should live so long.
All these Desperado jealous wannabes out there with your stupid. And you know one good thing
that's happening the last part of the show. They got all that chazarey out of the way. And the
first hour of the show when I was having my bowel episodes and then they all vanished for the day.
So thank you so very much for giving us a little a little relief. A little chronic relief. Yes.
The day was up 14 points. A little tiny bit of relief from the chronic. We need some chronic
chronic. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
RJ Intendola that was the city manager as planned. And he's going back in the day.
Advertisement. We didn't miss much.
As calm.
Yes.
Just waiting for the early bus.
Wasting waking.
Searching for the false teeth. They left in a glass.
Yes.
And how did they claim that there's a talk host to play. But they know.
Is their own damn part.
The
the shower in my.
To get the early but out time.
And wasn't just as hard as it came.
And once they are seated.
Yeah.
They get all the sheathed.
And stock stuff in rows and sweeten low in their beds.
Oi.
Wasting away again and good old hearted.
Looking for that long lost father of you.
And how did they say that it's all of the truth today.
That's a bloody for some.
And I'm in the blue.
Brackum.
Your folks don't know the reason.
But nothing is pleasing.
And muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
What doesn't matter.
When they call up kneeling chatter.
I hate you kneel and never listen to your.
You fairy.
Yes.
And waste in a way again and good old holiday.
Just a fox a metal musul and a radio.
Do do do do do.
And how they're they claim that it's a job host to play.
But me.
Here's the phone.
I heard it.
It's chirping in the back.
They just can't wait for you.
Those are the days man.
Sunny Rosenberg, RG, Intendola, all the Yentas in Hellendale.
All the old thoughts.
In fact, somebody the same person that sent me this information.
Send me the ancient article about that whole battle I had going out with Hellendale.
And they were motited from diplomat mall.
It was such a wonderful experience.
Not.
John ZTR, your hero and post-personal friend says.
Neil today a caller called into Bubba, Bubba loves Bunch,
asked him I was solo in the ratings.
Bubba said something about the sponge effect.
Hey, baby, just wait till the sponge effect starts to happen.
I will soak everyone else's ratings and the sponge doesn't stop until I absorb
everyone else's audience.
He said, oh, wow.
The sponge.
I see.
At that point he went into a rant about radio and then proceeded to talk about
Hulk Hogan and how great he is.
Oh boy, I guess I'm not missing too much.
And I guess neither is anybody else because we get very little input out foot nothing.
Making tremendous impact, Bubba.
Not.
Well, I was just thinking about I was playing that long bit,
four minutes and four seconds, by the way.
Yeah.
Of back in those days.
Back when I made a difference, back when Michio had an impact,
back when we were like a contender was the talk of the town.
Of course, it helps to be on a station with a signal that somebody can hear, you know.
That helps.
You agree?
Yep.
It helps a lot.
And it helps a lot.
When we get over 700 votes on a poll about soda.
Oh, does that put a feather in my crap?
704 votes.
Excluding diet, excuse whatever it is, excluding coca Pepsi,
exuding what's the best tasting soda?
Ginger ale 100, barks root beer 91.
See, this is proof.
This is like an ice cream effect all over again.
Ginger ale is delicious, but no taste.
Yeah.
As Bill Calder used to say, delicious, but no taste.
And that's true.
It's refreshing.
It's good when you're sick, like you said, but it has no taste.
And the poll question is, what's the best tasting soda?
Huh.
How can the best tasting soda be one that has no taste?
Can you answer that for me?
No.
Wow.
I'll save this for tomorrow.
In fact, this will kill maybe the whole hour and a half
you for the basketball game tomorrow.
This thing about for weeks now, it's Benito Rogers,
one of South Florida's most popular and vitriolic video talk shows.
Versus the old people of Halendale.
And now I'm an old fart myself and I still can't stand them.
How do you like that?
And like I predicted back then, if I live long enough,
which I did to become a senior citizen,
I'm never going to behave like that.
I'm never going to steal a silverware, steal a sweet and low,
go to the early bird dinners, be a snore,
and even during these tough economic times,
Judy says, I couldn't call, but wanted to wish you a happy
poor, midday late from the great niece of the thanks for calling, Lady.
How do you like that?
Wow.
The great niece of the thanks for calling, Lady.
Well, that's great she were here.
If she were here, she would say,
happy for him.
But she's not.
But not nice, Judy.
Thank you, Judy.
Oh, and I got a dead guy.
We usually do the dead people in the beginning of the show.
And it's somebody nobody ever heard of.
Larry Regan.
It's a hockey name.
You know, you're hockey?
No, I don't.
King's coach in general manager, Larry Regan.
He played for at least a hundred years ago.
He was the King's GM when the team entered the NHL in 1967,
built some respectable teams despite owner Jack Kent Cook's
insistence that he trade first around draft breaks for established players,
died Monday in a hospital out of why he was 78.
He also coached the Kings for the 7071 season.
He really part of the following season.
He'd been suffering from Parkinson's disease, other elements, and now he's dead.
In the expansion draft that brought the Kings into the NHL,
he claimed players such as cowboy Bill flat Ted Irvine,
Eddie Joyelle and Rayal Lemieux, the Mew.
In what was then called the amateur draft, he had it mainstays such as
Bush Gurring, Billy Smith, Dick Van Aske, and the Ned Kamadowski.
Well, he's dead.
Larry Regan.
He played for at least for about five minutes.
Aren't you impressed?
Leafs one last night.
No, O.T.
O.T.
Pants has lost chewed out.
They had 700 penalties called against him and they lost in a chewed out.
Aren't you depressed?
No.
We loved the pants.
There's let's get hockey intensive tomorrow before that big basketball game.
Or maybe we'll read the beast down to do a whole hour and a half lead into the game.
Okay, now let me ask you a stupid question.
Do we miss a spot in that set or what?
I didn't take it out.
No, I can't back it up.
Because I did the break the same time I always do 53.
He's supposed to be a four minute break, right?
Well, I didn't miss one.
You didn't miss one.
What?
I didn't miss a spot.
It might have been taken out while I wasn't looking.
Oh my god.
And so we got like a minute left over.
I don't want to come up short or sand.
With just your stick in your hand.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't want to come out of that crap room with just my stick in my hand.
I wanted them old-fashioned toilets with a ball and chain thing.
Yeah, it's perfect for us.
I bet you said that guys, we all happy that we're doing godfather stuff.
Yeah, it's dead.
Sorry.
Sorry for us that we got somebody screwed up.
The human that sparks out will be human.
There's no doubt it will have your face.
It can take your place and what the Pope says does.
And might have just got to be Tritish.
Make a wish and never maybe.
We look like you but more brand new and have ten fingers maybe.
When you look into it's eyes.
You're bound to recognize.
It's not again.
I'm naturally.
It seems to me that just one of me alone in the world is all this one dead.
It won't be one dead.
We don't need to.
We don't need to.
And if you wait a few more years.
You'll be drinking all of your beers.
You might take a ride on your brand new ride.
Realizing your worst fears.
Because when you're old and weak.
There's still be addicts.
Grab you by the neck.
Passion on your chest.
Making you onto the asphalt.
And you have the same DNA.
Be it your own fault.
Let's hope that science has the sense
to bring it on to a fault.
You're pulling fast away.
Toto, tooto, tooto.
Give you DNA to clone again.
I'm tired of a hair naturally.
I'm clone again.
Unnaturally.
Bye, bye, bye.
