Neil Rogers is coming up next
The music spread nobody home program. Sorry the host guest and caller
We don't want any like those of the busy
Braiding today
Mark the guys across the street interpret the ratings differently. Yeah, the way they want to don't wait
The people who picture about the ratings are the ones who don't have any oh
That a coincidence no
It's a fact I say I
Play the right open today. I don't care
No, I don't think we're gonna have it open today time to talk sports
I got yesterday's thing on here. It's a bad thing
Well, I had to
Turn the phone part on you know how that works. They're all both running on the same computer
Yeah, Ian
I'm not gonna have a show
And you know
Beautiful woman in no what in the middle of the slump
Here is a bit of the real America son ladies and gentlemen
Well, that was really something that was a hell now very auspicious debut for the show today
10 a 1 at 5 60 W Q a.m. Happy Thursday to its ratings day any minute now
They're gonna be coming in there with a look on their puts either a look of relief and
Extasy or now let's see who's gonna be handing that flee
I don't know our program director is busy off getting married. Where did they go to Vegas? I don't know sorry
Well, you sure out of touch
I'm very in touch with things that matter to me that I care about you don't care about clearance getting married
I know better head to me. Oh wait
So somebody I guess flea will come running in there with a look on his face like hey, we did pretty good or oh boy
We have a bad March January February and March. This is the winter rating book. Oh
Boy
Yeah, well I'll get to hot marks email through the amusing about how they interpret the ratings differently across the street
And I'll say it for the eight million time
We are competing on this show with the guys across the street. We're competing with IOD
No, there be neither notice or ought to be I bet you're pardon. I said how's it going?
What'd you say there be meath our notice? No, that's not the point the point is it's a sport station
We don't do a sports show so the fact that the rest of the 20 hours on this station
They're all foaming at the mouth with each other. That's that's fine
But that's not our competition
Especially when they're doing like ones and two shares in there how that can be anybody's competition
But we'll get to that email from hawk mark. I think it's from the real one. He's your buddy. Yeah, you got so many buddies man
I know that rooster or a choo rooster codburn. Yeah
Thousand up 101 points boy. This is gonna be hell of a day. I have a feeling in the pit of my rectum the pit of my
rectum that we might do okay and
We have another where let's see Dave Johnson's gonna be calling you love him for our annual Kentucky Derby preview
Yep, and flea says we have another online giveaway scheduled in the new hour today the prize is $50 to the
Neils deals restaurant pizza Tuscany Bachi Grill right which is great and I'm going back
Lee's gonna man the phone give you the winner once we get one. That's in the noon to one hour
For the online listeners. That's that's kind of nice that we're doing that
Mm-hmm. Got a lot of people listening online between our website and between the QA website. There's a lot of people listening online
every day
few
Swine flu cases suspected in Miami. Oh my god in Dave County
Fred Tasker wrote this G. It's amazing that he's still alive Fred Tasker where he's been around a long time at the Harold
He must be one of the ten employees who are still employed there
It's a really strange
Strange period that we're going through now you know between the
Depression and the swine flu
All the other crap that's going on
20 possible but on confirmed swine flu cases have been identified in Dave County and
Undetermined number in Broward. They're not talking in Broward. They won't tell you how many
Health officials said yesterday, but it could be several days before the test results come back to confirm them
The cases are considered suspect because the patients have flu systems that have traveled to Mexico or other areas where the swine flu has been identified
Said Dr. Vincent Coddy chief epidemiologist at the Dave Health Department if they have fever and respiratory
Respiratory systems and they've traveled they meet the definition for testing County said
Also yesterday, and I'm sure maybe as some of you saw it
I saw it the W. H. O took the unprecedented step of raising the infectious disease alert to
Phase five. Oh my God sending the stage for increased efforts to combat the infection
I don't want to say that they're getting people in a just total panic, but of course you know
Don't see and of course stick your nose in the crack. What is it in your armpit? Yes?
The candy in the crevice and the stick your nose in the crack
That's what they're suggesting if you're gonna sneeze knees in the crack of your elbow or some
Mediotic thing like that. I guess Ron Jeremy is you know, he's
He's able to do things like that. He's triple-jointed me myself. I'm crippled jointed and anyway
That's the deal there. There's some swine flu cases in Dayton Broward suspected suspected
That's the operative word suspected. They don't know and in a few days
Maybe we'll find out
I'm pretty much over this crap that I had there was not the sh� and flu it was huh as it could that was up 111 points wow
Hock Mark sends this most amusing email this morning
Hock Mark executive producer of the Dan LaBastard show on sports talk 790 the ticket ticket ticket ticket at the ticket
And then in a signature on here at the bottom Twitter with us. He's got a link to the Twitter dot com at the LaBastard show and that exciting
Twitter with us. We don't Twitter on the show. We don't Facebook. We don't Twitter and we share this all don't do my space
That thing is dead than a door nail. Yeah, and amazing how that was that was the big thing for a long time and all of a sudden and
Facebook's been there for a long time
Yep, but all of a sudden everybody decided one day. Oh, we don't wear a board with my space. Let's go to Facebook
And then that wasn't exciting enough. Let's Twitter
Yeah, I know a lot of people who Twitter
Hock marks is I know the ratings say what they say they say what they say that's a really good line
But the perception of those ratings here is much different meaning across the street and that's because they don't have any the
Management here
sincerely believes that we have bigger numbers of people listening to the station than this QIM. Yeah, you should live so long
The theory is that only old people listen to the radio at home only old people answer their land lines because they don't look at
Callers I can't to make that word out and only old people actually get diaries lots of bunch of crap
If only old people actually get diaries then how come the demos shows teenagers 18 to 24 and all that?
Shut up old man. Yeah, we supposedly have a he says we supposedly have a younger audience a bigger audience who listens
Intermittently throughout the day and mostly in the car
So the hope is that once the new measurement is in effect the ratings will be flipped in our favor
They point to bigger numbers actually says he says what it's called, but we're not we're not allowed to say that
Right
They point to bigger numbers of people who show up at our appearances and participate in our you're gonna love this polls
Yeah, you know, I like I like to challenge them to have their polls set up like real polls like ours
All the other ones where you can only vote once and not like a hundred times right and where they actually show how many people have voted right
Let's see how many people really are on those polls. I just sit in there. Oh look at that
We got four million votes on the pool today anybody can just make up a number
Right and so we could we could actually have the poll number be whatever we wanted it to right here
Can make it and sure whatever we 500 million more people that are already done that a couple of times remember that yep
So enjoy it while it lasts Neil and enjoy what?
That's what Steve white and La Bastard say and by the way, I think Steve
Why it's getting better numbers than Sid did says hawkmark?
I know that doesn't say much for him as PD, but maybe as a host. Yeah, you should live so long. They don't have a morning show
Here it's the 30th 30th
30 man, I'm April and they don't have a morning show. Are those numbers coming over already? Yep. Oh, no now
What's the story you smiling? I don't know
Get any kind of a read I did not well
Let me do the break just a tad early here and then during the break
I can like start to organize get my stapler out. You know how I have my system right I got like an assembly line going
I got plenty of facts paper there stuck in that machine. Hopefully they old. I haven't got the new drum
It'll be in today. Let's see if these are print now overall up a little bit. Yeah, what overall up a little bit
That first number that we always see yeah, the entire station now you mean men 2554
That's one men 2554 up a little bit. Let me see. Yeah, three tens of a point. We'll be due. Oh, I know
I don't I don't let me see if I can get that morning number. Woo
Will you the don't start keeping the thing. It's not fun
It's not fun when you do like that
It's fun for me
You don't look at him. You never look at him. All of a sudden. Oh look at that
Men 2554 we got a 3.3 and across the street. They got a 2.1
They went down to 10th. We went up to you tens, but you know what? Hock Marx is a year. We are two
These are old people
Oh
10 past 10 at 560 WQM Niels. Yeah, kid baby
We're always
Hey
Hey, hot Mark, let me tell you what you guys got you guys got squat and I probably the afternoon leave the number
But I don't know I haven't got that far yet
Boy, what a shame, you know, yeah, we're just gonna miss out on a little bit of bonus money
Looks like that necessarily what do you mean?
Mike get three
Well, we got a 5.8. We're number four. We went from a 3.9 in the fall to a 5.8
Number four IODs at a 6.5, but that's 10 to 3 and of course we're on 10 to 2 right so when you take those grow test 2 to 4 hours
I mean
Yeah, we're gonna have a 6.0 something now that's the biggest number we've had in a long time
And you know something no, I'm gonna say it again, and you're gonna give me crap
This is on the heels of my getting rid of I'm your friend
I'm your friend they were destroying the show and then I was kind of sitting back and letting them do it
And of course Joe Bell sat back and then joy watching him do it. I guess I'm not gonna give you any crap
Do we have to have the conversation again? No, let me say it again the email format works just fine
We don't need stupid phone calls. I never said you need stupid phone calls. How much smartphone calls? Okay?
No, we don't need those either. Well, there aren't any
Well, maybe two or three a year
Let's see how the three to seven out. This is pretty good for us more. Yeah, we did great
We did great. We're a little bit speaking. Nothing it matters of course. What I said not that it matters of course
Other than what it does matter to anybody inside the building
Well to them, okay
You're fired George. Oh, I know. Oh, I know
See that's my ideas. We're just gonna keep showing up every day no matter what they say we just keep showing up
That's my plan. I'm not gonna show up tomorrow because I've got the day off. Oh, how come Niels got so many days out because he wants to that's why
Because he's got a life. He's got stuff going on. Okay, let's take a look at three to seven or seven to midnight must be really good
Let's see seven to midnight men 25 to 54
I'm looking at the first two pages. I don't see us or across the street and they've got the Marlins
Although there's no Marlins January February and March at the top of the third
On the top of the church for seven to midnight. Yeah
I thought I was the bottom of the fourth the bases loaded into out. Oh, actually he's got a 2.3 at night. That's up from a point eight
Hey, we're making some big moves at night
And where are we? Oh
My god, woo
Never in my life
Holy moly rat man save the juice shut off that transmitter
Seven to midnight Monday through Friday WQM has now tied for 26th
With a 0.3 seven to midnight a zero point three. Let me say it again. Oh, I
Don't want to say that could be the weak link his nights, but holy moly
Of course nobody can hear it at night and then we got that seven to eight tune out
Now can I go back and see how well we did in the afternoon three to seven? I haven't checked that out yet
He's a little bastard did let's see
He continues dropping like a rock from a 4.5 in a fall book to that was he was number four and that was that was a you know a wire diary book
Which we all get him
To tied for 12 with a 3.2 boy how the mighty have fallen and managed went from a 22 to a 2.8
So still not great, but not that far behind
In fact, I think you'll find four to seven. It's gonna be nip and tuck nose to nose
Because this 3 to 7 includes that I'm just 3 to 4 hour. I don't think 2 to 4 was too
Uh, spiffy although we'll find out in the next couple days when we get the hourlies won't we yes? Oh
Okay, now you're also sending me like weekends and stuff like that, aren't you? I had whatever they handed me a
Why did you why did you give me persons 2554?
Why do we want that from the book is that's how you get you know
You double the number no no, we've already got men you see when the book comes
Well, whatever got men 2554 you are just let me okay little boy law right whatever you say
Now we don't have to do that. Let me tell you what happened they handed me a stack of papers. I put them in the facts machine
Okay, don't put any more in there. Please please please
Let me tell you what happened. Yes, they handed me a stack of papers. I put them in the facts machine. I hit send
Who's they flee? Yeah
We don't want anything else okay men 2554 that's our target demo
Overall big is number one look at that and also we got to see how bubbled less bunch did if he I started to make an impact in the market
But I don't think so because big kicked big smelly ass. They went from time for fourth a 3.8 to a 6.3 number one big
How one of five is second CMQ FAM is turd the
The coast is for that just you know any guys 2554 listen to the coast no
All I can say is if you're a guy listen to the coast you ferry IOD
3.8 to a 4.7 in the morning. That's Jimmy civil or not so overall. Let's look in the mornings
Because I'm sure Jimmy is hanging on the edge of his thing
Big in the morning number one. They went up to an 8.2 share boy did they kick big smelly ass
Wow, but it loves bunch my ass. What station is he on what are the colors? I don't know W.O.F. F. Yeah
Hot 105 number two in the morning with a 5.7 big went from a 5.7 in the fall to an 8.2 from 3rd to 1st in the morning
Ancient Paul and old Ron
Radio Ritmo is third
Dropping as they should IOD went from a 3.4 to a 4.1 your number four in the morning Jimmy your number four
He's got a 4.1 and what we got a 5.8 we got a 6.1. 10 to 2. Oh make it a psychic guess. Yes
6.7 when we get to you at 10 to 2. No way you're crazy
That's my psychic guess there you go
6.7. That's like almost a full point. Yes, almost a full point. That's right
That means we would have like a 1 in the 2 to 3 hour
That's right. Well, I'll tell you let me do a little math. This is not interesting, but I'll do it anyway 5.8 times 5
40
29 okay, there's 29 points in there so if he had a 1 that leaves a 28 divided by 4 would be a 7 share so it's as you're right. It's possible
Possibly I got to guess something that's what I'm guessing. Okay. I'm not guessing. I hope I know I'm wishing and hoping and
Of course if we had a 7 that would be good enough almost for number one. Oh
Now what am I looking at I don't want to look at that nighttime number again. There's 0.3
You know the state. I'm in the morning Joe went from a 2.6 to a 3.4 nice going little dog and
Just kicked their ass boy. They got rid of Sid the kid just in the nicotine and anybody that's dreaming about putting that loser on here has to be a crazy person
joebell
Waxie in the morning went from a 1.7 in the fall embarrassing enough to a 1.4 in the winter book. That's all Sid the kid
Because he was on he certainly was on January, February and March
Right right
It's only been about what three four weeks. It's only been April at the what Steve White's been to fill in look at what in the morning
What scare America did from a 1.4 to a 0.7 wow
Talk about AM radio is dead now in mid days
What is it that I'm doing here? I don't know a little disorganized
mid days
CMQ F.A.N.A. was number one again with a 7.2 no speaking English I keep big was number two with a 6.9 wow a
Big book for big hello big
Now wait a minute we never did get to a bubble of love sponge. What's they since he on I don't know in the morning. I don't know
What do you mean you don't know you're supposed to be the the
Is it W.H.D.Rs at the one sure?
I
Have no idea I mean you look it up. I'm looking it up right here. You're looking what up?
Hey, well, I don't know they changed the call it is there's so many of these damn stations
I don't know what they are and even if I was sitting right there
I still wouldn't know what they are because I wouldn't really listening to them
HDR went from a 2.8 to a 3.0 so not really much of a factor there if that's the one I don't know
Yes, HDR. That's the one that bubbled loves bunches on yes
Looking sure he had a 3 and the Ron and Paul had an 8.2 who is they were number one who was number
14 so he ain't exactly cutting it yet
Maybe he'll kick in there keep looking my ass. I don't know. I don't think that's gonna work for you. W.H.D.R.
That's it. Yeah, not doing it
mid-day CMQ FM number one with a 7.2 big number 2 IOD number 3 with a 6.5 and then us with a 5.8 number 4
That's up from a 3.9 in a fall book and that's without the I'm your friend. I'm your friend
Oh, Nier, you got to take some calls. No, I'll take one call. They've Johnson 11 o'clock. Great
Now, let's see how do they do across the street midday against us because we know they're really dangerous
Oh, they were tied for 14th with a 2.6 we had a 6 something from 10 to 2 they had a 2.6
But over here we believe we have a younger hip or audience. Yeah, you keep talking a big game over there Steve white
You haven't got squat
See, let me tell you this about ratings and I've said it many times before the system is flawed at best everybody knows that but right one book one trend
meaningless usually meaningless
But over a period of time ratings mean something over a sustained period of time over months and years. Okay using that word consistency
No, that's just it's just the point is that you can't they can't be that wrong all the time in other words if
You continue to have a big number month after month year after year that means you got a lot of people listening
And if you continue to fail like them month after month year after year except in the afternoon with a number by the way is dropped dramatically dramatically
You ain't doing squat so they can't have all the meetings they want sit around to talk about how many hits they get how many votes
They get on the pole and all this other horse crap all this elephant turd
They're losing it. They're not doing it
3 to 7 p.m hot 105 number one with an 8.0
Big boy big just I don't know these big numbers as they all to me. There's an aroma
They went from a 2.8 in the afternoon from 12th in the fall book to 5.8 second in the winner book. I don't know
You see what I'm saying? Yeah
IOD
This is the Schmidtmeister he went from a 4.1 to a 5.4 from seventh to third. He's third
CMQ FM radio ritmo and I'll see how our guys I already did this didn't I? Yeah, LeBanstead's got a
Something the three two and we got a 2.8 and that's 3 to 7. I bet you're 4 to 7 we might actually edge him out
Because 3 to 4 I can only imagine what that number might be and we'll get those hourlies
We'll get those hourlies maybe tomorrow when you'll be here. Mm-hmm. You're gonna post you around with them or what?
Maybe I'll make mention and then let you go over them when you get here on Monday
With a fine tooth comb that's right now that's that's another
Well, that's what you expect me to understand where they came from. How many times you've ever looked for anything gone
Gone over the sofa with a fine tooth comb
Just a small thick tooth comb
Were you grudge back?
If you see a petri dish sitting out in the lab, but there's a pretty good trick
Damn
I got me a tumor. It's as big as a whale and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells
Right now. I'm light-headed. I feel kind of funny. So hurry up and get that funding money
Oh
Yeah
and
These and
Think
and a dice and hacking and a whack and saving in your freezer you can be an old geaser
my illness is tragic but stem cells are magic so everybody pass them around
and around and around and around
stem cells baby stem cells stem cells baby stem cells
the bell is up 101 points I told you this is gonna be a really um
bad day and I'm 10 to that right I set you some numbers even though you didn't
want anymore because we came in just to show me these uh... many of the 34
yeah I thought that you should see because we only have an old audience you
know so yeah well that's what I was just gonna point out I don't need I don't
need to be a drag down the tracks you know I'm tied to the back of the train
just calm down we went from a 1.6 in many 18 to 34 10 to 3 to a 5.3 we're
number four and that's 10 to 3 right about a 6 in many 18 to 34 and what are
they got across the street where they have the younger demographics let's see
miss adano she's got a 1.9 dropping from a 2.9 dropping from tied for 11 to
tied for 17 wow oh but we have a much younger and hip-a-radiant blah blah
yeah keep saying it somebody might believe it someday I doubt it but keep
saying it keep trying well that's the biggest number we've had in 18 to 34
so we actually have a bunch of living and breathing people out there how do
you like that yeah and look at the time spent listening wow talk about
wire diary I mean talk about loyalty right 14 hours and 45 minutes a week nice
whoever heard of a time spent listening like that and that's not even number
one that's number two who's number one what ethnic station is number one
each time you're listening oh I was there I think you're for nothing don't
blame me I'm just mumbling W Y and Z 25 hours a week and they still had a 1.4
because their queue was 1100 people oh no but they listened 25 hours a week
do you believe that or not they listened did oh did oh did oh five hours all
five hours every day Monday through Friday they got a whole bunch of wire
diaries or at least a few and it wasn't enough to do anything well they dropped
and I hate to say this because I do watch msnbc a lot but the reason that
they're failing most of the day besides Oberman is they all they want to do
is just be left wing politics they just want to continue I mean I'm not in a
panic about this wine flu but I'm I'm curious about what's going on plus I
have to do the show and talk about it a little bit and so yesterday I was
trying desperately to find something out about what the hell was going on and I
turn over to msnbc and they're still doing this Obama 100 days crap yeah and
doing Chris Matthews talking out of the side of his mouth and drooling and his
left wing politics you know if you if you people want somebody to watch it
put something on if people are concerned about that they care about yeah it was
great before the election guess what the elections over now and after the
first 100 days let me say tell you this you know it's inconclusive and he
sure is how ain't no FDR I'm not this pleased there are a couple of things I
disagree with them on but I'm not this pleased but at the same time he ain't
no magician he's no Roosevelt oh the hundred days for the beep but it
moved but about all these same talking heads that we saw at election time the
same losers the same oh my god so that's good 18 to 34 a number whoa very
that's funny I and Z had 25 hours time spent listening and still a 1.4 share
oh one listener that just that's right one is to listen every day all week and
maybe the one listener moved away or die or something like that a wisher had a
big big time spent listening there man yep but the Q almost doubled in that
demo mm-hmm so that's good we're making a little bit of progress now that we
got a rid of I'm your friend I'm your friend
see I went based on my own judgment and I I like the emails and I you know I feel
better about the way the show's been going last few months since I've been doing
that and evidently it must have some impact yeah and I'm sitting here thinking
during this last break that if we were still allowed to do the near Roger show
which we're not but if we were we still be doing eights and nines like we used to
maybe more than that maybe double digits like in the salad like in one of the
signal nobody can hear what what like in the salad days yeah the salad days like
pre-jow bell like we always used to do I don't see any email by the way from
anybody in the building saying hey congrats on a really good book well
duff and Lisa congrats oh yeah well those are our people at least I think
Lee is I'm not sure too many dinners at the bellhouse here's the poll from yesterday
what should be off limits to comedy a very lame poll we had 48 million votes
absolutely nothing should be off limits to comedy 252 nothing as long as it's
funny 211 terminally sick children 177 child model station 74 the Holocaust 41
91225 cancer patient 17 Jesus Christ 10 God 10 the recently deceased six disaster
victim six the world family six that's just a bunch of cock-a-man that's poopy
blacks for aides three the president three gays three the disabled three
princess Diana to the OJ killings to Jews to the Kennedys to Muslims to mother
Theresa one that old bag the Pope one that old and someone's parents none or
hear mom what's the grossest thing you ever had to do that supports on
there right now 323 votes I mean four million six hundred and 25 thousand
votes you see this is their mentality they just lie and they make things up
across the street all we've got a I dare you I double-dog dare you to start
showing the actual number of votes that you got in that poll the real number not
some contrab made up number starts showing like we always do anybody can go on our
website and look at the poll they see how many people have voted any day any
week not with them and also not with the IOD polls either what's the grossest
thing you ever had to do clean up puke 87 this is not a very pleasant poll to
read clean up diarrhea 58 have sex with a repulsive person 25 why would somebody
have to have sex with a repulsive person up money oh clean up public toilet
24 change a horrible diaper 22 dispose of a long dead animal 18 remove a
decomposing animal carcass 16 clean the grease trap 12 snake out the drain 11
when it doubts naked out wound care 10 helping childbirth 9 burium
and I'm a eight oh that was my vote because before I had my colonoscopy I had to
do one of those you know before I had I don't know some procedure
burium and I'm not fun eight something disgusting seven work the camper pump
station for empty a bedpan for mouth to mouth with a stranger to insert a chest
cube to call an irrigation one clean the trauma room one clean the deer or
other game one clean Dave game is not here yet clean a big fish one and an
upper GI none that's the poll such as it is we've got 48 million 273
thousand 16 votes and counting we're just gonna start lying okay in fact I
lied about the rating number we actually remember one with a 45-year that's
right I wonder if they're gonna go on here and brag about their numbers and
they're always talking about oh well we got so many more and said the kid here's
a guy with a big mouth who failed so badly his last book was a 1.4 share in
morning Joe Rose whipped his ass had more than he had like triple almost triple
number well triple the cripple that qualifies them to come here like you said if
it fails and it sucks they're gonna love it it's gonna continue to suck and
it's gonna fail big time
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
whatever like
Well I do have one email from somebody in the building it's from Steve Sloan way to go
and you'll congrats.
I got good guy Steve Sloan.
I got what?
I got a text from him in text.
Thank you Steve.
He cares enough to send his very best.
Duff and Steve and the flea.
I don't have anything from upper level management.
Of course, he's busy getting laid.
I'm getting married.
Jimmy Stifilitics says we're having a ratings party.
Number one rated AM morning show in the market.
We had the number two rated spoken word morning show AMORFM.
Spoken word.
I mean is that pathetic or whatever.
How about pigmies under the size of two feet tall vegan pigmies.
That was of 77.77.
How do you like that?
WBC.
I'm over my whatever kind of flu non spine who in flu.
I can speak.
The numbers are coming back.
Now I would say there's a message in this book.
And that is that we're on the way back on this show.
Don't mess with it.
OK.
Don't screw with it.
No, seriously, you're laughing.
But what have I always said?
If it isn't broken, fix it.
That's why it's that's the motto in this business.
Not just on this station.
Every station I've ever worked at.
If it isn't broken, fix it.
Ditto with it.
That's why that's funny.
That's why that's hysterical what you just said.
If it isn't broken, fix it.
Mess with it.
Under almost impossible, implausible circumstances,
we're doing pretty damn well.
Don't ask me how.
And if we ever get that signal cleared up,
I got only nose.
If somebody can hear us, God only knows, as the beach boys
would say, what kind of number we might put in there.
And if they would only let us, you know,
like play certain sounds and say duty bag again or something
like that, then who knows what we might do
in those younger demos.
But oh no, Joyce says this.
And Joyce says that.
Joyce calls the shots.
And Joe hates us like poison and wants us to fail.
So I say, look to him.
That's my message to him in honor of our book.
And spider you, we did it.
Not because of you, not with your assistance,
but with your interference and attempt to destroy.
And you know what, but loves the love of a plug says,
this is the best show in the market.
Best spoken word show?
Spoken word, yeah.
Spoken word show.
Oh, that whoever that picked me,
syphilis is just a panic.
A real scream.
That was a great line.
How come we haven't heard from any of the fakers over there
since the book came out across the street?
How come Hawk Mark hasn't made a comeback?
I'm sure he's typing it now.
How come the fake Sid Rosenberg hasn't chimed in
with his 1.4 share?
Talk about loser, loser, and every aspect of the word.
If you can't be good, at least be consistent
and he lives up to that.
Mike Johnson has a gross story.
It then in line with our poll.
The grossest thing he ever had to do is I reviewed the choices
on the poll, he says, I'm torn as two items are in combo
of what I had to do.
During my past time working in the retail industry,
one of the duties after closing was to be cleaning
the public restroom.
As I enter the men's restroom,
a powerful stench filled the room.
Ooh, must be a whole bunch of smelly old chime on in here.
Worst in that.
As I slowly move toward the stall, I realize the most foul side
I can imagine a customer had evidently had a bad case
of diarrhea, had soared as underpants and decided
that not only was he going to deface the toilet bowl
and seat with his residue, he proceeded to take his set
underpants and wipe them on the tile wall in our restaurant.
What a classy guy.
I had to quickly leave and return with a high powered water
hose and nozzle to get said residue off the wall and clean it
up.
Clean it up, Joe.
Clean it up.
With that, I'm now haunted again and remind myself as to why
exited the retail industry very shortly after that.
Sorry, Mike.
Sorry, I had it that probably stained him for life, so to speak.
When you think there are certain experiences
that soar your existence for the rest of your life,
that would be one.
What kind of a maniac would take soiled underwear
and smear it on the tile wall?
Well, what kind of a sick twist?
I'm your friend.
Oh, like that.
Yeah.
There are a lot of crazy people out there.
And like you always say, crazy people are scary.
Yes, there.
Is that what you always say?
Always.
You still here, by the way?
Oh, no, it's crazy.
Now, if we do have a 6, 7, or 6, 8, you do realize, yeah.
In fact, you know something rushes on noon to 3, right?
Yes.
So the 2 to 3 hour over there certainly
is going to be just demolish our 2 to 3 hour.
If you take their 2 to 3 hour, we might actually
get that third money.
We need a 6, 6.
Well, they had a 6, 5 with their 10 to 3,
assuming they're the two to 3 hour
of rush, which I'm sure is a big hour.
Right.
So they might have like about a 6, 1, 6, 2.
Right.
We got a shot at the minor.
I mean, it's not enough to even talk about.
Not enough to fill a cup.
But nevertheless, in my life it is.
I would just like to get it just out of spite.
All this ranker and hostility.
And you know, this business about me going on here
and ripping them and asking, that's because they do these things.
I'm not the one who said fire, George.
I'm not the one who keeps trying to interfere with the show.
I'm not the one who continues taking away airbie.
I mean, this new deal of mine here and granted.
Yeah, I was still making what most people would kiss their
my ass for.
But to take away all the other perks to everything.
I mean, you name it.
Whatever, even like free toilet paper, they took that away.
And you know what they can wipe their ass with it.
They're collective ass.
Harry and Sally Al's beach.
Remember, hold Harry and S.I.B.?
Yep.
Says, good morning, Neil.
I was listening to the big O-show yesterday at 2.30.
Oh, you're the one.
After you went off the ear and he said he had, oh,
and he had Ira win bag on.
Ira apologized to Big O because the day before he'd been on
two or three other WQM jocks shows and not on his.
At the end of Ira's appearance, he said he would be
on the near Roger show today.
Ha, ha, ha.
Congratulations.
What time is he coming on?
He's coming on the 12th of never, Harry.
He's coming on when hell freezes over,
when Moxibol's turned into parogies.
Good luck on the ratings today.
I hope you enjoy your end of the Big bonus numbers.
Well, we might be in the small bonus numbers.
And quite frankly, it's a hell of a comeback
on our hands and knees crawling back into the ballgame,
crawling back in.
After the butchery of last two and a half years,
the slicing and dicing, even Ron Popeel can't believe it.
That's what he told me.
Dave Johnson's going to be calling in a few minutes
at 11 o'clock.
I can't believe I got that phone mounted around
for the first time in months.
I told you the phone aspect of this show basically,
except when you're on, you take as many as you want.
But other than that, it's over for me.
Finished, finito, finito, finito, finito.
Maybe they can help.
I don't want to.
I'm your friend.
Hi, Ron.
I mean, this is one of the most incredibly untold
scandals in the history of the broadcast business,
is that this company with all their resources
and with Joe's private detective and all the other crap
they talk about, wouldn't lift a finger,
not even the middle finger to do anything about that.
And I think they were enjoying it.
I think that I think that I tell you right now
from the chair where my ass is sitting.
I am positive that they would see that what they want to do,
they don't really want to get rid of you,
but they want to try to get rid of you
as a way of getting rid of me.
Yeah.
They're trying to piss me off enough that I'll take a walk.
Well, I walk around a lot of woodbind.
I'll tell you that.
That's the only walk I do.
I walk all around downtown.
I walk at woodbind to the tea room and back to my machine.
That's it.
Because that's where they're going to save significant money.
They can put some lunch here.
They can put the kid on here at midday
and pay him 100 grand a year.
They could put Mo on here at midday.
He'll do it for like 50 grand.
He'll do it for sandwiches.
He'll do it for some stale pizza.
All for me.
CJ and dear field, who evidently is far, far behind the times.
Email says Neil and George,
please tell me you saw South Park last night.
Re-run?
Yes.
It is by far the best episode I've seen in a long time.
Dealing with the Jonas Brothers,
Mickey kicking the crap out of Zach
and the craziness the boys get into.
Been there, done that, seen it.
And it wasn't as good as it was touted to be.
It was good, but it wasn't about the Jonas Brothers.
It was about BJs.
Well, I hope to tell George and Neil,
George did if Neil didn't see the episode,
then you should get a copy to him.
We both saw it.
Got a copy, seen it, and they're done that.
It was good.
Great. No, I wouldn't say it was great.
It was better than deadbolt, but then again,
that was up 97.
It's a little spastic today.
And I noticed that they're not.
Chrysler bankruptcy looms.
Fiat would provide more fuel-efficient cars.
They're merging with Fiat.
Now, does Fiat make like,
I should know this, those little cars
that they'd drive in Italy, beside the Vespas?
I don't know.
Oh my God, here's one about the septic tanks.
What about them?
Well, I don't know.
Here's a long time listener who never got a book.
I don't want to read a whole bunch of gross things, you know?
I mean, the poll is about that,
but the one from Mike Johnson, I don't think he can top that.
Ricky says, how did the show do in the ratings?
I listened to 790 for a whole day in the car
with a friend, Tito called every show to say the same thing
to every host, even exchange.
I love you with the host opposite you.
Jorge Sado, he loves him.
Anyways, keep up the good work.
Let the guys across the street take the same four call
as it is, Ricky.
Thanks, Ricky.
We did great.
We did really good.
You know, you know something?
The fake Tom Jicke wants to know,
how did Manditz do against Le Bastard,
meant 2554?
I already read all those numbers.
And 18 to 34, we're not going to do the whole day with that.
I don't know.
If you really were the real Tom Jicke,
you wouldn't have to be emailing me asking that.
I would you?
No.
Mark and Miami says, congratulations on the new numbers.
I laughed along with George when you said the management told
the management not to do anything to the show.
Gaudiati with the best ratings we had in a long time.
Clearly assigned for management that something must be done
immediately to screw something up.
Hope he gets some bonus money
before they do something that not your ratings back down.
Thanks, Mark and Miami.
I'm reading it off the thing, you know.
So Dave Johnson's going to be calling very soon.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Do it, do it, do it.
This is your brain.
What?
Any question?
OK, it's 11.01 at 5.16 WQAM.
And down the stretch day come, I can't believe it.
It's Dave Johnson.
He's still alive.
No, I'm here.
Me too.
Isn't that a good feeling?
They keep trying to kick us in the ass when we keep showing up.
We're still here, Neil.
That's the main thing.
Yet it's a bit of a deal.
We may be old, but at least we have staying power.
Yeah.
So how are you doing?
It's not going to Mexico soon, OK?
No, not anytime soon.
OK.
I wasn't going to go before the flu thing,
so forget about that.
I went to school down there for a year.
You did?
I did.
And you survived it?
Had a wonderful time.
Learn how to speak Spanish.
I lived with a wonderful family down there.
But this is a long time ago.
Yeah.
But it was a great time in my life.
Well, we've all had great times in our life.
Oh, look at this.
Joe Bell, congratulations on the winner book.
Looking forward to signing that bonus check.
Ah!
Oh!
Oh, since last day on Waxie with Monday March 6th,
this is all rating stuff.
We finally had a little kiss here.
You know how this business has gone
the last couple of years.
You know, the only thing I do with radio now
is I do this little interview talk show with Bill Fiddling
on the video.
Yeah, I read about that.
On serious and XM satellite radio.
And we can't get any ratings because apparently,
you know, they don't give them out for satellite radio.
So I don't know how it works.
Neil, maybe you could.
As long as you're getting paid,
why do you care about getting ratings?
Just I would like to know how many people are listening.
I mean, how many people are listening to us right now?
You probably know that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, 30, man.
Yeah, about 30.
I don't worry about it anymore.
After all these years, as long as the checks keep showing up,
there's all I care about.
Isn't that what it's about?
That's what it's about.
I read a lot while you're doing it, right?
I read that you were doing that little radio thing
on serious and I thought,
here's a guy that keeps saying he's retired,
but you just can't walk away from it, can you?
It's really fun though.
What it is on Saturday mornings is I talk to my friends
around the country and you know,
people like Larry Jones and Wayne Lucas
and then Fiddling and I've been friends for years.
So it's more fun than work.
We're good.
I wish I could say the same.
But it's only one day a week.
If you only worked one day a week,
it'd be fine for you too, right?
Oh, let's start that next week sounds good to me.
Then he will be got the Derby coming up on Saturday.
I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
That's why Dave was kind enough to cancel 15 appointments
and be on with us today, which I appreciate.
I wouldn't miss talking to you Derby with you.
Well, at any rate, I wish I knew something
about all the other horses besides I want revenge,
but I don't.
I mean, I do like...
They do like that.
The two horses I like scratch.
So you tell me about your horse,
because my two horses are in the barn.
Really?
Yeah, I really loved Old Fashioned.
Went after he won the remson last year and Larry Jones.
And he looked like he was just a perfect horse
for the Derby and then he got a flap fracture,
which is something the Trojo and the sidelines
for a long time in the Arkansas Derby.
So he's not around.
And who is the other one?
The other one was a long shot.
Wind willy just scratched yesterday morning.
And he was going to be like 50 to one.
I thought he had a real chance to roar through the stretch.
But those were two of my top picks.
So I'm searching for a top pick right now.
Yeah, I should have gone with some long shot
because every year we do this.
And when you think you've got a horse that's really a superior
and going to really do something,
the race is so bizarre, especially with 20 horses,
it just doesn't usually work out.
Anyway, I saw the wood memorial with I Want Revenge.
And that was truly a remarkable win.
I mean, that race was just spectacular.
He came out of the gate on his hands and knees practically
and spotted the field a few lengths.
And then just Joe Talamo made a great ride in that race
and weaved his way through the field
and just pulled away one by open lengths.
But you know, Neil, sometimes, you know,
when horses hesitate at the start and they get left,
sometimes they do it more than just once.
So that's another thing that you've got to look for on Saturday.
And if you're betting the horse, I hope he doesn't
hesitate the Saturday.
What are you trying to say?
I mean, if they do it once they can do it again.
Yeah.
There's something wrong there.
I mean, he's helping if they either way through the field
and when by open lengths they could do that again too, right?
He could.
He absolutely could.
If there's probably that horse and all done
Kirk is the horse that he showed me a lot.
Did you see his races down in Florida?
No.
Oh, he was really very, very good.
This is a, this is a, a very super, this is a super horse.
He might win the breeder's cup at the end of the year.
Whether he's got enough seasoning to win the Derby Saturday
is another question.
But he is.
Is that your pick?
I guess.
Well, you know what?
Nobody remembers you if you pick one of the favorites.
I, you know, how about something like Regal Ransom?
He'll be 30, 40 to one.
I mean, you know, if I don't...
He's 31 in the morning line.
OK.
So, you know, if I mean, I really like done Kirk
and I like, I want revenge, but just for our purposes,
you know, if I want to take a long set,
I'll take Regal Ransom.
Maybe he'll jump out and never look back.
OK.
I see his trainer is Saeed Bin Surur.
Easy for you to say.
Yeah.
That's an interesting, well, good pick.
Anyway, I'm going with I want revenge
and I hate to keep going with the favorite.
But, and let me just ask you this,
because we haven't talked in a long time.
What, what did you think about Big Brown
and what happened there in the Belmont?
What, what, what do you think was the cause for that?
I think the reason he lost the Belmont
is because it's tough for a horse to win the triple crown
after winning the derby and the preclose.
In fact, he didn't just lose the race.
I mean, he just fell out of contention and got pulled up.
But, but, Neil, the derby and preclose,
two weeks apart, shipping from one track
to another, different distances, different surfaces,
it takes something out of a horse.
That's why there's only been 11 horses
in the history of the world that have won the triple crown.
That's, I didn't like him in the,
and I didn't pick the winner,
but I didn't like him to win the, the triple crown.
I, it's just too tough.
And then he had a foot problem that we,
who knows what, and then they stopped on the steroids.
You know, I don't understand that part of the game,
but I, but I do understand that it takes a hell of a lot
to win the triple crown.
And, you know, I, I hope we get to see it
to the awards in our lifetime.
In our lifetime, yeah.
We keep talking about this every year.
This is gonna be the year with a big,
the smarty Jones and this one and that one
and Big Brown and just doesn't happen.
Charismatic.
Look at that.
He was just a few yards from the finish line
when he, when he broke down and Chris Antley ended up
in the team.
That was sad.
That was pathetic.
Yeah, I mean, this and, and then who was the other victory
gallop beat the, beat the other horse on the wire,
real quiet.
I mean, it's very tough to win the triple crown.
I wasn't surprised when Big Brown didn't win.
I was surprised when Kent the swirmer pulled him up,
but, you know, I, if a horse is going bad,
I don't want to jockey to beat him up.
Yeah, to have used him, yeah.
No, you know what that?
Yeah, well, when they came in the last turn,
he was just backing through the field.
I mean, I was shocked.
I just couldn't believe that he didn't run
a lick in that race.
He just backed up and that was it.
But you know, go with the pioneer of the Nile
with Gary Gomez for a second.
You know, Bob Baffer, it really, he knows he's won
the Derby three times.
He knows how to win the Kentucky Derby
and how you win it is, you bring your horse up.
You don't run the best race before May the,
the third, you run it on the first Saturday in May.
That's how come Baffer can win.
Is he the best is yet to come with this horse
pioneer of the Nile.
And who are you going to pick to team up with Regal Ransom?
Oh, okay, I'll take your, I'll take a,
I'll take pioneer of the Nile
and I want revenge and, and done Kirk.
I'm going to take those four horses in a try box.
Is that all right with you?
That's okay with me.
Hey, you know, one thing though,
this kid that's riding your horse,
Talimoy, I saw him down in New Orleans
a couple of years ago.
Yeah.
When he was 16 or 7th boy, the horses won for him.
They, they really do.
He's a very good jockey.
Yeah, that was a spectacular ride in the award.
That was just unbelievable.
Yeah, he didn't lose his cool at all, Betty.
No, yeah.
So, what, why don't we combine our horses
when we get a good ticket?
Maybe we get the Superfector.
The dime Superfector, of course,
you know how these are tough economic times we're in.
I love that.
Well, you can't bet the dime on the Superfect
and the Derby, now that's wrong.
They should let us bet a dime in the Derby.
I'm not going to ask you about Mike Patagony again
because you always say he's a very nice man.
He's a very nice man.
But I think the, the, the, the, the morning line
is just crap.
Really?
Oh, I mean, yeah, the people who make a morning line
know that you can't have a morning line like this.
You've got a three to one favor in a two,
and two four to one shot.
Oh, come on, on 20 horse field, please.
Make a favorite, but make the favorite
about about four to one.
And the next horse is five, five and a half, six.
Yeah, I want revenge.
I'm going to be no three to one.
He's going to be maybe like six to five.
No, he won't be that low.
He won't.
I don't think it'd be that low.
But he'll be lower than he won't be six to five.
I'll make it better now.
What do you think he's going to be about two to one?
I'll say, I'll say, I'll say two, two and a half.
Yeah, he won't be able to go to Woodbine
and point my course on.
You're going to Mexico tomorrow, aren't you?
Yeah, I'm heading for Mexico tomorrow.
I'm heading for Cosmale for Spring Break.
Don't start sneezing now.
I'm not going to track tomorrow.
You know, the funniest part of the whole thing
is I, and not really funny, but I've just gotten over
in the last couple of days a really bad bout of regular flu.
That's wine flu, but just regular flu.
And coughing and hacking and can't talk and stuff like that.
And so, you know, I guess if I wanted to go into a big
song to dance, I could pretend I had it
and take a couple of months off.
What did you take to take that camel flu and resin all
or whatever the hell was it?
I took my time.
I didn't take anything.
I just took over the counter-crap.
You know, these things run their course when you get to visit.
Were you really sick though?
Well, I mean, I couldn't talk when you're doing this
for a living as you know, it's a little tough to talk.
How long?
Now, all the years that you called races,
did you ever have a day where you had like Lurin-Jitis
and you could just barely squeak it out?
Yeah, a couple of those.
Did you?
Yeah, but you know, I, uh, you know.
I didn't, I was never like crazy about going to,
I never did go to a doctor from my throat or any of that.
I don't eat lots or any of that.
Yeah, I just, I sold you through it
and I didn't take many days off for being sick either
because I ate a lot of times.
I didn't have a backup.
But, uh, no, I didn't take a lot of days off.
Well, you're a real trooper.
They kept that bourbon and that tequila.
You know, a tequila that you learn from in Mexico, right?
That's how you, that's how you have to take care of the vocal cords.
Exactly. Right.
Okay, David's good here and from here and we'll talk again in two weeks.
Talk to you right before the preek.
It's good luck in the day.
You bet.
Same to you, Dave.
Bye.
Take care.
Okay, Dave Johnson, we've been talking to him every year for what?
About 100 years?
At least.
And I always enjoy it.
He's a great guy.
Yes he is.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM and...
New Yorker.
Oh, my friends.
Go with me back.
Hey, bagging, they got that bagging.
Wow.
They keep that.
Those have to open wide.
Do you not talk with your mouth full?
You make me sick.
I'm not throwing up.
Well, I got to teabagging.
What is that in your mouth?
What is your mouth?
Teabagging is a ball of blood.
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth.
Teabagging lies onto our volas.
What can you ever just keep your big mouth shut?
Come keep my mouth shut because I'm a secure big mouth.
Teabagging lies onto our volas.
The next thing I remember is having my knees and my ears.
Teabagging lies onto our volas.
I still have a tip.
Yes, I can do teabagging.
Oh my God.
I just, I don't have a good feeling about this.
I can't help but cry.
I can't help but cry.
It's hard to talk to your feet.
Teabagging.
How about I sit on your kinky face while you think about that?
Take a little dip.
Shake around the bed.
Make them do a flip and squeeze.
Take a little dip.
Shake around the bed.
Make them do a flip and squeeze.
Shake around the bed.
Oh my God.
Let me take a look at that line up today.
We got the big O, two to four.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Hurricane Hotline 708.
Wow, those nighttime numbers.
Shocking.
Staggering.
A 0.3.
What's a record?
Is it for me?
I've never been on a station that had that kind of a number.
You never been on a station that 0.3.
Don't you remember a couple of trends ago or a couple of maybe in the last book?
Yeah.
That's the only place you get the hourlies.
Right.
We had one hour with a point.
Oh, remember that?
Yep.
I was either the last book of the one before that.
We had one hour at night where we had a point.
Oh.
Meaning nobody was listening.
Meaning why to turn that dent thing off and save the juice?
Wow.
Here's one from my anal chapstick.
Oh, yeah.
Remember him?
Mm-hmm.
It?
I just wanted to say hello and let you know that I'm still listening to Spike Joe Bell's wishes.
Remember when you have an edge?
Scratch it.
That's what my anal chapstick.
Be saying.
The chapstick helps.
And of course I got that email from Joe Bell breathless about that.
Congratulations me on the book.
Didn't say anything about you though, I don't know.
And also about Sid's last day was March 6.
I think he's trying to like, uh, try to make an excuse there for Sid.
Oh, well, Steve White was on the last part of that book.
You know what, Sid's still did squat.
He's still did one shares every trend, every book, one shares.
One shares with a big fat obnoxious New York mouth.
And if he puts him on from two to four, I mean, he's not going to do more than that here either.
He is what he is.
And the audience is revolted and disgusted by him just like to hit the ranges.
Ranges?
How the ranges do, by the way, they still plan?
Jim says greetings as far as I'm concerned you guys have the best sounds coming out of your mouth show on AM or FM.
The best talking sound.
What was spoken word yet?
That that's just phenomenal.
Congrats on the stellar book.
And little George's shows New Reffons continue to entertain.
And finally, the fake Jimmy gives me real diarrhea.
I'll go along with that.
They're having a big ratings party over there at IOD.
I don't know why, but they're having a big, you know, a big thing.
Keep channel.
And of course, they're probably compelling over that Ron and Paul book.
Can you imagine?
Oh, yeah.
And 8.2 congrats to them, by the way.
Nice going.
That's work gentlemen.
I have no idea how, but you did it.
And Bubba see that Tampa Yahoo Ron and Ron stuff.
It doesn't fly in this market.
It never has.
And I don't think it ever will.
Not that I've ever heard him.
Let me say it again.
I've never heard him.
I don't know the guy.
He mentions my name a lot, which you know, big deal.
What am I going to say about him?
I guess fire reports.
Most of which say that the show blows, but I don't know.
I'm not going to make any comment because I have never heard him.
The fact that he has Hulk Hogan on every five minutes.
That's like us having ever a windbag every five minutes.
Oh, here from the automated tele machine.
I'm going to get $80 billion from some of the guy just inherited.
Oh, my God.
Here's a guy who was a seamen specimen collector with a horse breed or no cala.
Wow.
Should we add that?
No.
A lot of people don't know that horse seamen also makes an excellent hair conditioner.
My wife used it every day.
It's loaded with protein.
It says I used to put a little bit in my tea at night.
Oh, God.
Whoa.
Don't dine with Al.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm just I'm just worn out.
So much stress so much pressure.
So Joe's getting ready to sign those bonus checks right now.
Although I think he just said that bonus check.
Let me look at the email again.
I think it was singular.
Let me look at it.
I wouldn't be surprised if he comes by, opens up the door and looks at you and says,
you still here?
Again.
Right.
Congratulations on the winner book numbers.
Looking forward to signing that bonus check singular.
By the way, Sid's last day on Waxie was Monday, March 6.
Sounds to me like kind of an excuse.
Like, oh, he really had like about a 10 share, but Steve White pulled a number down.
You know, in the last month.
He did ones consistently the whole time he was on that station.
One shares.
So Joe had a much better morning book with a 3.4 K.
Oh, and by the way, I got one.
Where is it?
Please, I'm just one.
He says I just want to say congrats to you and George.
Nice job not only in our key demo of men 25 54, but also men 18 to 34.
Keep up the great work.
Thanks, please.
Thank you.
Barry Jackass says, how are Davis claims 790?
The ticket outperformed WQM and every major day part in men 18 to 34.
Can you verify?
Well, let me just put it this way.
We kicked their ass.
We had a what?
A 5, 3 and they had a 1 9 and men 13 18 to 34 midday.
So if Howard Day, I mean, this is, you know, Barry Jackass.
Howard Davis is full of crap.
Like I said, they lie about the ratings over there.
They live in a fantasy world.
They live in a total fantasy world.
Oh, well, they don't really reflect this and only old people get, well,
if only old people get the diaries and fill them out, then how come we were so,
did such a good job in men 18 to 34?
Believe me, when you get to be my age 18 to 34, eight old.
What are you laughing about?
They're just young pups.
It is.
You get to be an old fart collecting social security, which I am.
Well, I never thought I would do that.
Really?
I don't know why I got to come and have been paying social security taxes for a hundred years.
Why shouldn't I collect what I got coming?
I hope to.
Can't wait to.
Soon.
Like tomorrow.
Yeah, it might happen.
Yeah, but then what's going to happen when you get to be old and gay?
Grey.
You're already gray.
Grey.
I'm already old.
No, you're not.
When you get to be my age and that you're going to need that money, man, that's social security.
That's going to keep you alive.
That's going to keep that cabinet in North Carolina going with heat.
Keep the kindling wood coming in.
All right.
Baron Fitz says congratulations on a solid book.
I'm a relatively new and young listener that has turned on a lot of my friends to your show.
Thank God for you, Baron.
I doubt that had direct impact on your ratings.
I doubt it too.
Who knows?
Hopefully the next generation of us, Neil God converts, can get you back to double digits and ass-hat Joe Bell can suck on it.
How do you like that?
Can suck on the ass-hat?
Oh.
This is what he's talking about.
They don't like you, Joe.
And quite frankly.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
I bet you he was biting his tongue when he wrote that email so hard there was blood spurtin' all over the place.
You think?
I don't know.
Let me, during the break, look at it again and see it and make sure that he didn't mention you.
I got to look at the meal budget.
Well, here we go again.
Oh, don't tell me that's the rejoin.
That's the rejoin.
Don't rejoin.
Neil God.
Thank you for letting me speak on your show.
I have great respect for the United States of America, but I am convinced it is time for your federal government to recognize the true sovereignty of these people who are just trying to live and work in a free state.
They are not rebels.
They are patriots who simply want a country of their own.
Yes?
Wow.
Oh, no.
We've come up with a lot of narrative.
What does it say it on there?
Not at all.
Much of idiots.
Somali talks about the sovereignty of Texas, Humbendredin Texas.
Okay.
Chop it off and give them to the Mexicans.
They deserve each other.
But you notice Governor of Texas right-wing nut job.
We want us to seed.
And Bob, Bob, Bob!
And as soon as they start getting a little swine fluke...
Oh, now finally they got the story on there.
Now, when you can watch it here live, right here in the sea in a newsroom.
What is he bouncing?
Is somebody like a scratch in his ass or something?
And why is that idiot bouncing?
He was bouncing.
Did you see him?
I did.
Bouncing up in the dollar, he had sent the virus
dancing his pants because he's got a nitchy ass.
Maybe he's got swine on flew.
I was just about to say that they must not want
to get everybody panicky, especially after they raised
to level five yesterday.
Oh my god.
Because they haven't really been banging away
on the swine flew thing today.
So maybe we don't have any more dead people.
Do you think?
Obviously not.
What's the real number?
Is it seven or is it 152 in Mexico?
The World Health Organization says seven confirmed deaths
from swine flew in Mexico.
And they've been telling us every day
they, whoever they are, 152.
I mean, there's not much discrepancy between those numbers.
7 and 152.
Well, average amount, like the ratings.
Well, wouldn't that be sweet if we
get a little rating of bonus in there?
Come over.
Oh, boy.
Couple of bucks.
Would be nice.
We can use it, Joe.
I just make the checks out now.
Maybe we can get number two.
I don't know.
Let me look at those again.
That's a little reachie.
By a sure hope-powered Davis, I don't
know how our Davis sees the GM over there across the street.
I sure hope Barry Jackass is full of crap.
Because if they're really lying about the number,
I mean, how can you lie about the numbers?
They're black and white.
People do.
Big has got a 6, 9, 10 to 3.
And I would assume that 10 to 2 is probably the great.
Well, let's see.
What do they got?
3 to 7.
What's their number?
Big 5, 8.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So we're not going to beat them.
No.
So let's tip our head to big for the greatest number
of wired diaries.
We had some, but boy, they really.
Oh, and somebody asked me.
I got a thing here, an email from Jason and Weston.
I've been listening for years.
I still don't know what a wired diaries could you explain?
Sorry if it's a stupid question.
Not a stupid at all, Jimmy.
Jason, whatever your name is, Jason and Weston.
A wired diaries and arbitrarian diaries
supposed to write down what station you listen to
and what times and what days.
A wired diary is one where somebody just takes the same,
like that one for I and Z.
They take the same station and the same day part,
like mornings or mid days or afternoons.
And they just write down that they listen to all four hours
or five hours every day, with nobody listening like that.
They just make it up because they're like voting.
It's like a popularity contest.
So they're voting for their favorite station
or favorite shore or whatever.
And we like those people, especially if they vote for us.
Right?
Right.
So Joe just came in and shook my hand.
I'm a little, he did not.
A little busy and stunned.
Now wait a minute.
You didn't tell me to strap myself in.
I always give you a warning.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I just get a warning.
He shook your hand and said, what?
Congratulations.
And I said, I'm still here.
And he said, so am I.
And that was it.
That was it.
There were some smiling going on.
I have chills.
I'm not talking about trying to do.
I have chills without the fever.
That's one good thing.
I didn't have the fever at all during my illness,
whatever the hell it was.
I think it was a side of infection.
Yeah.
A what?
Signs infection.
If it had been the flu, you would have at least some fever
at some point.
Fever and moan.
Like I said, a WS P B in Sarasota,
were you said that got Peter Johns to the morning show?
I didn't say it.
Lowell Schumacher, were used to call him the turkey buzzard.
I think he died.
Lowell Schumacher, he used to do one of the day parts.
Funny guy.
We used to call him the old turkey buzzard
because he looked like one.
Anyway, he would say promoting the Peter Johns show
in the morning, Peter in the morning, and fever all night.
He would say that.
Now, if he would say that back in 1973,
I guess 36 later, I should be able to say it.
36 years later, what did I just say?
Well, I'm stuck on a hall's mental lifto's.
Thank God I don't have any of that crud anymore.
I don't have to be drinking any tea,
running in the other room and making cups of hot,
chamomile tea.
Boy, that gets old.
But I've had that situation for years, man.
When I get a cold or a flu or whatever,
it settles in my throat, and I get all that flim
and mong the sinus infection,
and I do the squeaky and can't talk.
You know, I start hacking on a ear.
That, that, that, that, that.
Like that.
You just make that up so you can get time off.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm a slacker.
Joe Bell came in there and shook your hand.
That's a straight face.
Or do you just make that up?
Yep.
I made it up.
No, seriously.
I'm serious.
Why would I say something like that?
I don't make things up.
And you shook his hand.
Yeah.
Did you squeeze it?
Warmly.
Did you give him a little finger on the palm?
No, nothing on the palm.
I would have had first, though.
He did what?
I licked my hand first, though.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
woo.
And George has got back from Mexico.
That's right.
And I didn't wash.
You wouldn't go to Mexico if they paid your way there
and gave you five grand.
Oh, how much?
Five grand?
Pig my way?
Where?
Which part?
One of those nice parts?
Were they keep all the locals away?
Yeah, parts of I art.
Yeah, there you go.
I'd think about that.
Can Koon maybe?
I'll ask Paco if there are any nice parts in Mexico.
OK.
I'll guarantee he ain't no hurry to go there.
Oh, bet.
L'Otango, I can't say the last name,
because somebody told me what it means.
L'Otango, Schmendrick, says WQM's management
is always complaining about George's market
here during the summer when he substitutes for you.
No, no, no.
Yeah, he's submarineed us again in the summer.
George always kicks ass in the summertime.
I don't know what their problem is with you.
I guess it must not be business.
It must be personal.
Well, I'm not part of the problem.
You might have money you're making.
I mean, that's not going to make any dent
in that they're not in the fraternity,
but they don't complain about the ratings because they can't.
They're always good.
It says now take a look at Kim Bo camper.
Oh, I can't.
I got a week's stomach.
He started in the two to four
as a substitute for Mohawar David
and then took over to slide when Howard resigned.
Bo camper's market share was, I believe, correct me if I'm wrong.
A zero point something.
I don't remember that.
I remember a one point something.
We've consistently Moe had a one and guilty had a one
and Bo camper's got one.
I'm told I don't want to see it.
What did WQM do for this dismal performance?
They gave Kim Bo camper the morning show,
which is prime time for Kim.
Yeah, the Kenyon blow morning show and boy, did it blow.
This morning show bombed out.
WQM had a higher weight Joe Ross from 790
because the ratings were so bad.
What does WQM do again?
They gave Kim Bo camper the seven to eighth to dolphin hour.
I believe you said the current rating for 7 to 8 PM
are zero point three.
Now, it'll be really great when we get the hourlies
because if we have a zero point three
from seven to midnight,
we've certainly got some hours in there
that might have a point.
Oh, you know,
I mean, you know, what what is the total point three times five
is a one point five.
That's the total the total numbers for those five hours.
Oh, zero point three.
Maybe if we talk louder at night, can you hear us now?
How's it sound?
Maybe they're not a spoken word show under in that time.
Maybe they should start speaking.
It says why the double standard,
why does WQM on a fire George when his ratings are better
than Kim Bo camper?
Is it because Kim Bo camper is a joke and white and George is Cuban?
Yes.
He keeps spelling your name with a G by the way.
Sorry, he knows your Cuban.
There ain't no George with a G in Cuban.
Is there no?
No.
Are all George's Jorge C?
Shame on you, Joe.
Well, you're such an evil person.
Says you're truly a lot of anger.
I can't say it.
I won't say I could say it, but I know.
I said it the one time I didn't know what it meant.
When you don't know what it means,
but you didn't.
Maybe I did.
What a bonehead.
Paul says congrats on the numbers management still sucks though.
Keep on kicking ass.
I hope they don't submit canned George.
Thanks for the entertainment.
Thanks Paul.
Now we're not going to let him submit canned George.
Like I said, there are no problems on this show
other than the fact they won't give us any lead way
to do the real show and it won't give us any support.
And now what they're going to say is,
well, if he can get a six something share
with a doing the crap show that we're allowing him to do now,
then that's good enough.
No more complaints.
And why do they come up with this crap
about how we're so difficult to deal with me and Norma
and you, well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
What is it that we're demanding or asking for?
Sounds me up.
You were hoping that we'd trade you a car
and they said, sure, no problem.
And they didn't do the first thing.
I wasn't hoping it wasn't my idea.
I wasn't the one that suggested it.
Who suggested it?
Joe.
He suggested it.
When we were talking about my contract.
And he suggested that they were going to trade you a car
that they would do, see what they could do
about getting a car.
They saw what they could do.
They saw what they could do too.
See, yeah.
The whole world saw what they can do.
Zip, but he do does.
Zip, but he gay.
Gate.
It's almost noon already.
Been a fabulous day.
We had Dave Johnson on here.
He sounded good.
Yes, he did.
Well, think about Dave Johnson.
He looks and sounds the same way he did like 30 years ago.
He never changes.
You mean he always looked at old?
Oh, wait till the Freakness man.
Oh, yeah.
Let's go.
Neil God, WQL, where the bag is.
Bum bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum the rest.
Bum bum the rest.
Bum Bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bound their ass, give them what they want
Leave the greasy spot, send them up to be with Google Play
Bound their ass, Bound their ass, Bound their ass
Bound their ass, prepare them for their graphics
Bound their ass, Bound their ass, Bound their ass, Bound their ass, Bound their ass, Bound their ass
They started out with the little thing on there, said 108
And now they've opted to 109
So maybe they'll have that on every TV channel, I thought they wanted you to get nervous or panicky
But they'll start putting that number in the corner somewhere in every TV channel, even on the comedy channel
How many people would swine flu now, you know?
By the way, you know that little kid from Mexico who died in Texas yesterday?
Yes, the first fatality from a new West
Come to fight out on one newscast, I think on radio here on 680 News
I think I heard them, I know I heard them say that he had another health problem
So in other words, he didn't just die from the flu, he already was in a weakened condition because he had some other health problem
Which they didn't specify what it was, but he was already a week
I see
Now wouldn't you think they would mention that more often and let people know?
No, no, no, it's way more exciting to leave that part out
That I was up 90 points
Oh and in line with what I just played there, Abdul says I got to just got a job as a human bomb
They tell me there would be a lot of blood and guts but not to worry because I'll be with Allah and lots of virgins
I hope they're not all women
I picture his below a big boy, Allah is great, they told me to say that, love Abdul
Thanks Abdul, there you go
109 US cases, divine swine flu
You think if divine got to shine flu?
That would do it I think
Congrats on the good numbers, is our friend Lawrence, given the straight jacket and gag that's been on your show, you and George is there a lot of credit
Hear that, you and George
Ah, Joe Bell came in and shook your hand, I'm never going to recover from that
I don't think I'm ever going to wash it
This is a man with lacking in some kind of human element, I can't exactly put my thumb on it
He has no Rachmanus
Just imagine if you could do the show that you really want to do it, says he had just imagined
George could joke and blow it out his ass clown, although he'll probably say that there was a method in his madness and take some credit for the numbers
Oh yeah, we couldn't have done it without Jolly Joe, and Joyce, and Clarence
The vows up 93 points
Jimmy Cifalus comes back with an idiotic email, oh of course they're all idiotic
Anybody could get ratings in the mid-day besides Rush there's no competition, yeah besides Rush
I'd dear you to go on in the morning, you wouldn't break a tutu
I have the number two rated spoken word show in the market right behind my buddies Paul and Ron
Yeah, they got an eight something you got a four
I was happy my close friend Joe Rose had a Salah 3.4 share
And I hate to break the news to you, but the one time I did do mornings in this market on Zeta
Kicked everybody's ass, AM, FM, PM, BM
Wouldn't break a tutu my ass, you ought to be wearing a tutu, Jimmy you look really good in it
You're fairie
Jimmy Cifalidic
Dary it, you go on in the morning
I told you a long time ago that Greg read off from me two million a year to do mornings
Yes, I know
Yeah, he did
Should have taken it
What, what do you know?
No, I'd expect that would have been a good idea, maybe
No, it would not have been a good idea, I'd be out plowing fields or something right away
Really?
Planning it to me this
Barry Jackass is, I listened to Baba, he has a good show and he speaks highly of you
I don't care if he sucks my ass, okay, I don't care
I'm not impressed
That doesn't mean he's got a good show or is doing well in the market
He shows it times if I can borrow a term compelling radio, says the fake Barry, does that tell you who this is?
Yeah
Mr. Radio, is there again Mr. Radio
Sick person, sick groupie, sick infested, infected, nauseating, he's got bad dung on his tongue
Especially when Hulk Hogan is on, oh that's compelling, yeah
I think this show will do well with white non-Hispanic men 18 to 34
Well it hasn't so far
Paul and young Ron had Dan Marina on this morning
Your recent rating success proves the email format is working George, keep it up in the good work too
George
Oh, okay
Well that's because you keep knocking emails
Well you haven't lately though, that's good
Do we want to have the conversation again?
No I don't want to have any conversation about it
But it's not going to emails, what do you say?
This is what I do and this is what they are and this is what I'm doing
I wasn't knocking the emails, I was ripping chronics
Well, there's a whole bunch of them
The whole bunch of them is a chronic, isn't it?
I'm not doing it, I'm doing it, I'm doing it, I can't but as you know, since you get your own emails
You get a lot of the same ones that I do
As you know, there isn't exactly the greatest discernment of good material out there
So I do the best I can with what I get
Of course you do
And I think during these months that we've been doing this, I think it's worked out
Stellar Stella
If I say so myself
I mean there was never going to be a solution to
I'm your friend, we're never going to do anything about that
And you want to know why?
Because they're scared of their own shadow
I don't think that's why
Well plus the fact that those calls help make this your fail
Right, you wanted it, something that you want
So they're going to do the opposite
I have never ever in my life
worked for anybody in this business who has been less supportive than this regime
You can't complain about the support we get from them because there isn't any
Let's fire George, let's do this don't say this and don't play that and don't don't don't don't don't don't
They should have a big billboard campaign WQM don't do it don't say it don't play it don't don't
Don't and can't and won and yet we still have the number and by the way
Now let me see Joe had a three four in the morning managed had a two eight
You put them together you got a six two we had what about a six six six seven at least in the day
So hire a higher number than the two drive times put together I just mentioned that in passing that's not an aqua Joe or mad dog and I'm just saying
And isn't it coincidence don't you think that the only non pure sports show across the street that gets any kind of a number
Although dwindling and diminishing rapidly is the afternoon with LeBas do then he doesn't do that the pure sports show talking the same crap non-stop
It must be just a coincidence
Somebody want to know how depot it we we overlooked that sorry me fo how do you do in the mornings there men 25 54 the target demo certainly of these sports stations
Is he on the first page what is a WFTL and how do you tell which WFTL that's the obvious great look at that one for for waxy what that's you guys over there are a second win man
You are living in a dream world. No wonder they don't have a morning show
They got nobody to put on the air. I'm looking what am I looking for WFTL? Well, I'm on the oh there it is. Oh you are gonna be in heaven when you hear this okay
Now let me see they had a 0.3 in the previous book there are 32
Two stations listed guess what place DFO came in 31 no 32 right wow and guess what the number is 0.1 no 0.0 yes
Let's tip our hat all those DFO liquors out there. Oh DFO would be great and with the mad dog and DFO had a
Oh, no number doesn't even show up a cum of a thousand people in
Fact there are 33 stations listed. They were 33rd WFTL Steve Lapa and James crystal radio there you go normal
That's your good buddies at James crystal radio got to be kidding me
A 0.0. No wonder we want to stay there the figures he saved there I guess
There's that an incredible number or what that is a stellar
It's just where it says average quarter hour our share average quarter hour listeners and average quarter rating. It's just blank
You I'm sure you have it there in your men 25 54 6 to 10 a.m. Mm-hmm look at it to look at it to say it is one thing
That's bad enough, but to look at it to see it
And when we got the annealed deal coming up in a couple minutes. What are we doing?
Well, we got so much going on today although we got Dave Johnson done was fine right
Regal ransom he picks the Arab horse
Adam Oceanmux has tell George the washes hands furiously before he catches Joe Bellitis good point Adam
Don't say I didn't warn you
It might rub off
Oh
And Pauli who's obsessed with his list of Jewish name changers
Sends me a revised definitive list. Oh, I don't want to go through all of this again. We did it two days in a row
Alan Garfield Alan growitz
John Garfield Julius Garfinkle
I mean there's like a list of about 150 names on here Jerry Lewis Joseph Levych
Sherry Lewis Sherry Hurwitz
Halland and Harold Lipschitz. I told you that was Halland and Srelai Hal Lipschitz. Yeah, don't tell Joyce. We said that
Lipschitz
Lip well anyway
You got something on your lip you might have the shrine flew also now they tell us that 109 people have got it in the US
Okay, I
Leaps and bounds and of course in New York where you've got like 15 million people and there's all those high school kids have got it that they picked up in Mexico
Wouldn't you think there'd be a lot more than that wouldn't there'd be thousands by now if it was as contagious as they say from person to person
Yeah
I'm not trying to downplay it
But I'm also trying to say don't don't go into a cool sweat and have an nervous break
Of course if you do go into a cool sweat, you probably got it. Right, but don't panic
And that little kid at other health issues the one that died
23 months old little boy, but they're not talking about that in the mainstream media the MSM because they want you to oh somebody's dead from it already we're all gonna die
Just don't sneeze in my face. That's what I would suggest
Don't sneeze don't cough in my direction. Please
This dick channy I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour movie
Hey
Among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary but before Mary there was Bob and now
Case-mail records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marley
It's
Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world
But might have if someone had ever actually heard it Peter Paul and Marley
Pop the magic gun
Yeah, and you're still I mean and if you bump in up then
Yeah, you'd probably see Peter Paul and Marley every song strikes a chord every song warms the heart and
Every song contains the words jaw and Irish
Don't
Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley
Troubo to five goes up and smoke don't do that again
1202 at 560 WQM wave 70 Tee certificates love we started with a hundred yeah
They're going in dribs and drabs couple here a few there great place fund
They set the grill and fire right in front of you. It's a spectacular show
You got to go and the food is awesome. Oh, yeah, it's gonna about you grill. It's brand new everything's like squeaky clean in there, you know 71 left
Right next to a peach cafe bellicera
Okay, so well. I'll keep my eye on it. You gonna keep your eye on it. Yeah. How about the uh that too 71
What 71 that's why I just said
Roll back the tape I just said 71 71 71
77 oh
Jason a tester copperpots has read here about urine George's grade numbers tell George to go wash his hands right away
I guarantee that fat astro well has the swine and took George's hand to infect him and his whole family
Joe Belle you evil large ass son of a bitch. It says PS can I get the little birthday jingo for Willie Nelson who was 76 years young today. Oh
God
Been so long since he mentioned Willie Nelson. Thank God I'd forgotten
Like this is the guy who was obsessed with freaking Willie Nelson. You might want to congratulate Jason from Merimar for winning the $50 certificate that we gave away online just now
Oh nice call Jason from Merimar you won the 50 bucks the certificate
Well, we sure did that we were gonna do it in the noon to one hour sure did it real fast nice go on there Lee flea did it yep. He done it
67 left there they're going in chunks
You know why me by that mm-hmm chunks
He says you know he's just a just a troublemaker
Although they have a nice candy bar named after him and also ice cream named after that candy bar
Heath bar crunch ice cream oh man do they still have it?
Sure, what do you mean? Do they still have it? Nestle's haven't seen it a long time. I haven't seen it in a while
I'm sure if they don't make it I'm gonna I'm gonna start oh and the good news is they finally
The local police here the Toronto police finally decided to tell us relinquents to get off university avenue
Which is one of the main north south the streets in this town
Four days they had the street tied blocked off
For blocks right now hearted downtown
Well, what what do they want all new people like he demonstrating what do you want from other countries if you're so pissed off about what's going on in Sri Lanka
Go back there and straighten to do right when it doubts straight to do
So they finally got him off the street this morning. Hopefully they're not there
Sri Lanka my ass
You ever been to Sri Lanka you have any desire to go there? No look on the map. You look at India and then there's a little turd
That's what hangs down you remember my policy right
Don't go to places where people are risking their lives to leave oh
Mean like Cuba and Mexico
Mexico they're rather they're
Bursting across the border man and it Texas. I think Texas ought to still be part of Mexico
Wouldn't that be a good idea sure let's move that fence you know that fence the border
Yeah, let's move it to the northern part of Texas. Yeah, you go from there you go
Oh, you know something you can include Oklahoma near too for my part
66
77
He says can George finally acknowledge your email form it as a success
Can you finally acknowledge it
George
I didn't respond I didn't say that there was a problem with the emails. I said chronic cranks our chronic cranks
Whether they're calling faxing or emailing
That's what I said 67 it's still 67 on the certificates
The fake Tom jikas says I'm sorry for D.Fo. He's a good talent. Oh my god
How could he have a 0.0 share sad sad but true oh point oh
All you are new people are obsessed with D.Fo. You're you're living in you know what this reminds me of
It's like the crowd that keep talking about oh those days at iod with you and Rick and sudson fill and Randy
And then that's a hundred years ago
You can't live in the past in this business or in life in general
61 points stop living in the past
DeFo is a good talent. Well what when was that
That's before Steve Nicoletta hold him in turn him into a corn ball goofball
paranoid
In fact, where's that thing with D.Fo and Rimmer can't go a segment without mentioning Neil Roger
I have no problem with D.Fo but D.Fo is somewhat intimidated and it's like laws or repeat
Intimidated by what Jeff what do you have that I'm intimidated by?
I don't know you kind of turn red when I come in the studio
Why would I turn red when you come in here just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way under this show
I'm not warning my way, huh? I don't want your way talking about you know what this goes back
Let's clear the air right now Jeff Rimmer
Yeah back at the island dreams former radio station when you came on the air on Neil Roger's show and trashed
Virtually everybody that worked at the station
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional
Systems that about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbag and your chances of getting on the radio
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally and instead of saying it to me
You're running around saying oh well, it's the forest is the reason I'm not getting a job
Oh, that's not true. That's not true. But anyway, I want to be on
You're just gonna move on you're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing. I'm not saying. What is that?
You're kind of an art show and say that no I'm what I am saying though is this I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little
I'm intimidated by you who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back. Oh
Maybe that was the day he just lost it. I'm not sure he ever had it but
We have 66 left now 66 trombones
The down's up only 56 points now. It was up 109 at one point 100 and nine
Where's that number 100 and nine isn't that the number of infected us so people with the sprine flu?
fine. Yes, one on nine
Jerry says I might be stating the obvious but with the exception of Spanish radio the ratings winners were Paul and young Ron yourself
Michael based in three to seven and a half 105
Lardass LeBanstered etc all provide compelling spoken word radio
compelling
Less sports talk more anything else I
Will miss scare America at Randy Rhodes anyway my kids were in the car with me on Monday now they
Can't stop saying go ahead congrats on the number. Thanks. Hey go ahead
Go ahead
Oh my god. I'm more now. I'm exhausted
Needed that
Yeah, I need to lay down on a floor for about hour and 51 minutes
Still 66 certificates left for Pete Sesskina Bachi grill on wqm.com
He's our 50s for 25 bucks. I realize we've fallen on difficult economic times but
Let's get serious. Who don't have 25 bucks you got 25 bucks?
Yeah, so even George if George has got it then you should have a great place great deal
I got quite a pile of stuff here man and I've even got some dead people from days ago that I never got to but these are people at nobody over
I hate those when it's somebody that I never even heard of them when and what's the point kill some good time though
Maybe we're gonna have it like a paid segment paid by you know like a funeral home or something
a creamatory
In fact, I have an article about more and more people are choosing cremation. What did I do with that?
Did I smit-can that article? Oh?
Oh, no
Not that it was all oh yeah rise in cremation speaks volumes about our changing society
cremation is now the new choice of one on three Americans and the number is expected to rise 50 percent in 10 years
I think they cremated defo show and our nighttime
0.3
And this was in an otherwise pretty damn good book for the rest of the station
And the nighttime at a 0.3 imagine if it would have been a down book
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
Hi everybody it's Britney Spears within all these blog updates
So my new song is doing well
In fact, let me turn on the radio here to see if it's on
All right, that was Britney Spears with her new number one song
I'm in charge with the bullet I got with this good thing for a gale there
I get out whether it's for coming up there wow. I have another number one song
Awesome. Oh excuse me. Hello
Yeah, hey, what's up?
What?
You know what your reception is bad. It sounds like you said my tushy is finding out call me back when you got better reception
Okay
Oh
You know what would be fun. I'm gonna open up another internet window and look myself up on Google earth
Let's see
Oh
There are ants sitting on my patio
Cool
It looks like my
Hang it out again. Well, I guess it's time for another round of clothes shop in
Katie why
Yeah, shove that thing back in their bitch. It's a 1216 to 560 WQM
Or she sure turned the world around you know, wow once upon a time she had everybody on her side and now
Well, there's still some I hear the concert here was really uh awesome
Something else back on March 18 just a little over a month ago
Here's the poll result. What's the grossest thing you ever had to do
George would like to add here shake Joe Bell's hand
Don't say anything now don't get yourself in deep water. Oh, sorry. I was off mic
We got 65 certificates left
430 votes on the poll lots of numbers there is meaning in the numbers again
You know something we finally got some numbers
What a relief just when you thought we were finished when it was ready to stick a fork in us
And all of a sudden we bounced back just like the fenas river fenas rising from the ashes
What's the grossest thing you ever had to do clean up puke 109 clean it up
Clean up diarrhea 78
Have sex with a repulsive person 33 change your horrible diaper 32
Clean up public turlitt 31 remove a decomposing animal carcass 26
Disposive a long dead animal 21 clean the grease track 15
Wound carry 14
Snake out the drain 13 stick that snake deep down in the drain and drain it
8-something disgusting 12-Berrym-Enema 11
Helping childbirth 9-Mp. Bedpan 8-Work the camper pump station 7
Mount to mouth of stranger 3-Cole any regation 2
Insert a chest tube 2
Clean a big fish 2- Clean a trauma room 1
Clean a deer or other game 1 clean clean Dave game don't have any work. Can you imagine oh my god
If Dave game had a bag an upper GI none out of 430 vote it's not too bad
Are you keeping track of the certificate things 65 still yep and you do a refresh
That was up 60 points 65 still
Still 65 on air huh
Boy remember the salad days the glory days when these things used to go like but that that that's back when people
I say I had money right remember those days a new thing then you know
I think it's more byproduct of people having money yeah
Sunny I'm telling you nobody's got any money everybody's broke
Except the people it would buy
Although we even there you know when I go with my cabin he pulls in a lot
See I'm always hoping that it's basically empty like when I go real early on the weekends
Because then I get whatever machine I want I can like try different ones find the hot machine
But it's uh it ain't what it used to be man used to be even the nap after like on a Thursday afternoon
You're driving the parking lot be pretty damn full not no more
Maybe I'll go and fight out this afternoon
What do you think do it?
Are you thinking about it? Yep
Okay rich says I bought my certificate
But I'm guessing the reason you're moving a bit slower than normal for such a great place is the factors certificates
Who only be used Tuesday Wednesday or Thursdays it makes it a bit of a challenge for people with kids
Which thankfully doesn't apply to me he says who might normally only eat out on weekends
Yeah, that's that's the point there are different factors, you know
Right there's the max factor and then there's the rich factor factor
Oh
Paulie this is the moment all the Jewish names
Who sends me a lot of oh god
Heath Barkley was the illegitimate son of a notorious late husband Lee measures portrayed heath who gradually gained acceptance from the rest of the barkley clam
What is he talking about butanza
butanza
Although Nick initially detested heath they eventually became close in fact Nick eventually became closer to heath and jirid
What what is that the big valley that's what that is
Yeah, the major wasn't in bananza, but he was no big valley with barbers than you were the outsider
He was yeah
Boy you that's the hell of a memory for a bad show the big valley
I think it was about barbersand we kind of want to give you any ideas her
Did you really I always watch as all these old barbersand room is she always struck me as very ugly very
Butch everybody always made a big deal the beautiful beautiful is like oh beautiful yeah
64 left
Beautiful barbers standwick you know they people that your mom always talks to
What they always said oh they they said you know they I didn't agree with them mom used to get a lot of information from they you know what they say
You know what opus is oh
Like I said my mother meant well, but
In many ways not too bright you know I'm saying yeah
As opposed to my mom who never means well, no, no, no, no, no, don't start on your mom. I
Don't start on your mama
Evil bitch, because then I'll tell that story that you told me don't tell I don't want to do it. Please don't I won't outrageous
The vows of 74 points
Well your mom is outrageous. Yeah crazy. Maybe we could find a hitman
Oh
In fact, maybe mom could invite Joe over for some tea
The kind of like smooth things over for you. Yeah
Since he seems to be taking over that part of your life, you know promotion. Yeah, well, we don't get any here. I'll tell you that
That's the thing that makes it astonishing that we got a six something share wait till those hourlies come out man
As they're gonna be tomorrow. I don't know probably
And I won't be here maybe you'll text me let me know I will text me what the hourlies were I will
Also, let me know what two to four was because I don't think it's really gonna be rock solid. I could be wrong about that
I mean, I got nothing personal against the big O I barely even know him, you know, I think I've seen him like three times in my life
It's not personal it's business
And I think we need to find somebody in there two to four who can do more than a one share
We haven't we haven't we haven't had a number in the air since when since mad dog was doing two to five two to four whatever he was right following you
He had big numbers in there
He made somewhat of a comeback in his last book
And LeBasterd is dropping
His once enormous numbers over there are like dwindling and dwindling down to a three two. That's a big number
And
I still say from four to seven you're gonna find that the two of them are like just about dead even
LeBasterd and mad dog
Right you take out the three four are I mean what can the three four hour be
Something close to a close to that we got a lot of hours that begin with in the market DFO's got a point. Oh
How would you feel if you were doing a show you've been on in the market for like many many how what's it been on a hundred years
easy
at least
How would you feel if the book came out and you had a zero you can have any diaries nobody nobody voted for it nobody
Not even one die book came out and I had a zero and I still had a job
You'd be happy. I feel like a luckyest
You take the bank and wow I work for a stupid guy and I'm sure I'm lucky
Well, he does work for a stupid guy works for your Steve Lapa and like Norma can't always said everything Steve Lapa
Touches turns to Schmidt. He's got the mightest touch and reverse
They're all all these make-believe stations on here. That's a problem 33 stations my ass
In fact, you know something if I had the time which I do but I'm not gonna do it's boring
We could go down the list of all these stations that are listed on here and how many
How many we even heard of their stations on here I never even heard of
WWFE I mean that's Spanish language radio fake
Remember we saw that that was in the up-paxing building when we were IOD Paxon
WAVS I think that's Haitian melodies or something WACC. I mean what are these stations then there's radio smegma that's going over really big
Radio Suave all these little marginal stations with their 10 watts and and then of course is the other WFTA or wait a minute
Well, I'm assuming that's the one DFO's on WFTL that's that's uh
Or he's on 640 I bet so this one is the 851
Sure
So he doesn't show up at all
How are we supposed to tell which one is which which one has the towing?
I don't know I guess we're not that that's what happens when the FCC allows insanity like that more than one station with the same
Collaters how was that possible?
What's got nothing to do with duty?
So so he might not even show up at all he might be not even listed
Because I'm sure that that WFTL is the a50 he's on the 641
The one with four watts
The one with the transmitters connected to like a pop-up toaster
Yeah, poor me fo man poor me fo
I
Think Rimmer put an end to his career
Who's who do you think's got the bigger inferiority complex DFO or Greg Budell good poll question
Grebudell
Who is most detested by everyone Grebudell or DFO?
Grebudell
Haven't heard from the fake Grebudell in a wild fact
I'm surprised he hasn't chimed in here about these numbers the course minister radio Supersie being the fake Tom zick and the face fake
Burry jackass today
Oh
Radio is what the news for you
You wanted more and you got it the mad dog is back singing more duet on bandage scenes volume two
Number eight is back carrying off with the great singing more big hits with even more six stars the mad dog does them all
All right
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man
The truth is finally out that G-manage was truly the fifth people
The
Now your head to stay
Here's the bad dogs and her touching tribute to the king
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again
Now I don't think so so we had look a grotsie
Pay them a little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract that's some of a bitch
This cute
And it's sick volume two available now if you move quickly
Oh
All right, okay 12 of 20 33 whatever the hell it is
We got 56 left is the last time I looked yep. Is that correct? Yep as in Q 56
honest certificates
Doug Lindsay the fake dog says great job on a recent book
I think the grossest thing would be watching jolly joe bell cleaning Schmidt in the hallway now. I would enjoy watching that
I would take a certain amount of sadistic pleasure
In that
Geno says hey Neil since you have the numbers
I was wondering how nine forty was doing before they switched the sports and how they are doing now
Well, how do we know how they're doing now they've only been this crap that they are now their sports thing a few weeks
Yeah, they were doing crap they were doing squat
It would be nice though the ratings have dived not that they were that high to begin with like I can't well
They're not going to begin anything
They're basically like a non-factor. It's almost like they don't exist
50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial
And leave it to chief channel man to take the best signal in the state and turn it into a non-factor
They can do it if anybody knows how they're the experts
Paul says I got this texted to me they want what is that?
Oh, no, I'm not I'm not reading that that's the second one of those I've gotten bad taste about the president
Hmm, you get one of those yeah
not funny
racially insensitive at best 457 votes on the poll gross this thing you ever had to do clean up puke 119
Clean up diarrhea 81 after that small potatoes
After that teeny and tiny
Have sex with a gross person that's third
Yeah
You can imagine being a hooker
Uh, no, can you even begin to imagine it? No
Talk about selling your whole soul. Mm-hmm wow
Vitting down with some a sweat sweaty smelly
Eee greasy. Yeah, I'm I'm smelling it
Candidate for Georgia governor ship says he killed his own son to succeed
I think that the people in deep south about 40% of them are crazy within a bedbug. No, I'll be left up
You notice that
A long shot Georgia candidate for governor who's already admitted having sex with a mule before finding God
Did you get that part?
sex with a mule before finding God says he's ready to sacrifice his own son in an effort to get a state to succeed from the union
I were back to the civil war again. I wonder if that's because we've got a black president
Neil Horsley
Made national headlines when he posted the names phone numbers and addresses of abortion doctors online
His Nuremberg files website also crossed off the names of doctors as they were killed
Now he's ready to make more news in an interview published late yesterday
He indicated he'd kill his own son to dissolve the US in an effort to overturn roe v. Wade
As if his rate of sacrifice his own son in the national insurrection
Horsely be counts to fight with his son where he almost killed him
I was one foot from killing my own son or hurting him really really bad
Horsely said. I wonder if that was before or after he had sex with a mule
If he would have attacked me again, I would have stuck him or cut him or sliced him or done something to stop him
That's the point you hiver your hypothetical has really literally been worked out with me
And that's what makes me different from the other candidates for governor
They understand I'm not like no politician. They've looked at ever. That's right like no politician
I'm prepared to do a John Brown
I'm not prepared to do an ablick and talk out of both sides of my mouth and try to get a majority together
I'm looking for people who are prepared to go with me
And take over the foundry then set up shop and be prepared to fight the death. I'll do it
Asked again if he was willing to sacrifice his son. He was even more explicit telling the interview to read the
Bibles Matthew 10
Your own family are going to be your greatest enemy because unless you love me more than you love your father
Your son your wife your daughter
You're not fit to be my disciple Horsely said
That's why there's a real rift of a strangement in my family
He says I can tend this is really about people's ability to believe in God
When it comes to that place when you're talking about God's plan to protect himself
Then the lives of people become really almost irrelevant and the degree they result in him being glorified
That's the nature of the truth
You know what that sounds like to me?
Look at me
Gobbly gook
And an earlier TV interview with Alan Comes the would-be successionist said he'd had sex with a meal when he was a child
When you grew up on a farm in Georgia your first girl friend is a mew will he said adding your experiment with anything that moves when you're growing up sexually
You experiment with anything that moves
Did you know that uh no I've been in a lot of rural areas growing up as you know and none of us were ever inclined
Well, that's what Neil Horsley says well, sorry. Maybe that's why they call him Horsley
Hey, Horsey
So Dave Johnson picked real a regal ransom
31 in the morning line for the Derby I'm picking. I want revenge for the favorite with Joe Talima
And why what do I know about it if I've seen the other horses running in this race?
No, no, what do you know about it?
You're nothing
I know as much as I want to know in rumsan
No, enjoy watching horse racing on TV with no bets. I know that's crazy. I enjoy the sport
I enjoy the spectacle
But I do not want any a part of getting involved in oh look at that
We just lost one we had 56 now we're back to 57. Yeah, I said oh
Boy
Q 57
Maybe that's a problem. Maybe we're on 570
Maybe our crystal radio is a little bit off
Did you ever have a crystal radio? No, I did as a kid
And you could like tune it to like
What different frequencies within a very narrow range? Okay
Was it like all wide open like just a circuit board with just a stuff plugged into it there? You're asking me like I remember
You start forgetting I'm a dottering old man
And what else happening with this
His name is Calderon and his Obama
Both tried their best to curb the flow of coke and marijuana
Oh, there were very murders
Some really grew sound
From the big cartels who are making big mullah
Oh
Rival gangs kill and people get in shot
For president said this has got to stop
Trying to control the legal flow of drugs
In the job that is tough
I'll tell you folks just what we should do
Just tighten up the quarter by sending in the troops
The perfect way to let them people draw chords
No what happened down in Mexico
She's staying Mexico
Yes, stay in Mexico and don't come here and inspect the rest of his please pretty please
Caught 45 at 560 WQ AM
They're not getting too hyperventilatingly a hysterical today on the news
Olga aren't you pleased? Yes
Because otherwise people are going to be jumping off the tops of tall buildings the ones who aren't already broken the suicidal from that
And
Autistic boy stole his dad's car
Drought to the airport by the way. We got 55 certificates left
Drought to the airport and flew across the country because he loves planes
the right
13-year-old Kent and weaver of Boka has a form of autism called Asperger syndrome
And he is completely obsessed with airplanes
In fact, Kent and the so fascinated with planes that on Tuesday his stole his dad's car
Drought to the airport and used dad's credit card number to buy ticket from Southwest Airlines
Then Kent and then Kent and boarded a plane and flew across the country to San Jose, California all by himself
But listen to this since he's only 13 Kent and doesn't have a passport a driver's license or any other form of photo ID
Which begs the question how was the 13-year-old autistic boy with no ID able to slip past airport security in order to report a cross-country flight
And more importantly, what does it say about the state of our airport security in general? What does it say?
Not a lot
Ernie Barnes is dead celebrity death never heard of him
You're here for Ernie Barnes. No, we need some emails by the way for that big one to two-hour
We need a lot of emails kneel at nearodgers.com
They've come to a screeching halt. I guess we did probably too well in the ratings. I guess
Well, we don't do well which lately under Joe Bell we haven't for like two and a half years
Oh jeez you guys are the best and don't worry and
Yeah, yeah, not that we're looking for people to kiss our ass
Because Jimmy syphilis has got the number two rated show and the spoken word in the market. I see
Jimmy syphilitic
You know the one thing about a lot of these ex-jocks
They really consider themselves broadcasters. That's the thing that muses me
They think that because they predated the game and took a lot of showers naked with a bunch of other guys and more jocs drafts
Therefore that makes them into broadcasters now because they grew up during this era of the jococracy
Which of course I guess is part and parcel why we had that little countertops over the weekend between Jimmy syphilitic and
rock solid that one
Yeah, because that one never played the game, you know
Never suited up with the fish
Never took my I don't know if he took naked showers with other guys or not. I don't know. I have to ask him maybe in school
You think
It will yeah, we all did we didn't all swim naked in school, but we all took naked showers with guys in gym class
Oh, boy
Ernie Barnes dies at 70 pro football player successful painter
Ernie barn you ever hear of him? No neither die
former professional football player became a successful figurative painter known for the prictions of athletes and ordinary people who's
Muscled elongated forums express physical and spiritual struggles died Monday at Cedar's Sinai Medical Center in LA
He was 70 his death was caused by complications of a real blood disorder according to his longtime assistant
Louise Lewis Rodriguez
Barnes was a child of the segregated south who transcended racial barriers to play for the Denver Broncos and San Diego churches before pursuing his real dream to be an artist
He became the official artist of the 84 Olympic Games in LA whose insights from his trials on the gridiron resulted in powerful
Sometimes haunting portraits of agility strength and of the emotional cost of fierce competition
His style which critics have described as neomanorous
What is that ever sounds like some pseudo intellectual pile of crap neo-manorist
Became familiar to a prime time TV audience in the mid 1970s when Norman producer Norman Lear hired Barnes to ghost
The paintings by the Jimmy Walker character J.J. in the groundbreaking African-American sitcom good times
So I love the thing from good time, but you hated good times. Yeah, I'm not gonna play it. It's too much work
You hated I do why I don't understand why it's a good thing like he saw
Oh
As the backdrop of the show's
And you cut it off before the good part
Well, you want to okay, it's good as the backdrop of the show's closing quitted lyrics
Barnes 1971 painting sugar shack remember that song by Jimmy Gilmer sugar shack young dot records. Yep
Whatever his most famous work sugar shack singer Marvin Gaye later died for the paintings
Cover art for 1976 album. I want you Jimmy Gilmer on dot records. This was number one. I think for 85
I can still talk him up. We're keep taking tricky tricky. Never responded when he never followed up that my face
Maybe he's uh, he's finished with me now
Think maybe I don't know
And isn't interesting that he was giving me a son of an answer about taking calls and I didn't take calls for this whole book and we kicked ass
Rectom. Yeah
Ricky Tiki
Stick to talk ups on the oldies. Okay stick to something you know about because talk radio is my realm
I'm the king of talk radio and the queen
Sugar shack shows a brutal like massive bodies have no idea what that means. B. R. U. E. G. H. E.
Riding and jumping to the rhythms of a black jazz club
There is joy tension and despair in the canvas which Barnes once said was inspired by memory of being barred from attending a dance when he was a child
As in nearly all of his paintings the subjects eyes are closed and we flexed at the artist off state
It believes that we are blind to each other's humanity
Singer songwriter Bill Withers who was close to Barnes during the last decade of his life said the artist often spoke of wanting to educate people through his art
How do you like that now he's dead
Bernie Barnes
70 70's not that old especially when you're 66
Now I'm gonna ask you this and your opinion okay
Because this Paul guy with these Jewish names. He he sent me again. Oh, here's another dead guy before I get to that
Country singer Vern Gosden is dead at 70 for you know Vern Gosden. No
Who else could give obituaries of dead people that we never heard of and get a six seven share or whatever we got
Well only
When you know we haven't got a whole lot of other other stuff we can say or do you know dead people we can talk about
As long as we don't say certain words
Let me see fake Doug says oh here's the biography for any Barnes. I just got through reading it stop already stop
Jesus god
Can you believe that I just got through reading like a way way too much about a guy that nobody ever heard of nobody knows who the hell it is
I don't think we have a lot of pseudo intellectual art people out there
Yeah, vehicle strikes spectators and monument just yards from the royal family that was in that's queen
They in the Amsterdam. They had a little problem. I saw it on the news
Vehicle I might have must have hit that post pretty damn hard the whole front end of the vehicle was a smashed this mitherines
Good thing they didn't kill that Dutch royal family
Just ceremony. Oh you understand the Dutch royal family
Unlike certain other countries. I don't want to mention the Staggie Brits
Because it gives me the schmitz all of that we're preparing for the worst with a swine flu
And I worried about swine flu. Yes, I am I am here. I am ready
I've already stacked up on my food and I got my math and I got a little
Titching money. Oh boy. Do you see that? No, she got a little titching. Oh
She got a bad mask. I'll tell you that if you think that's going to work for you honey. Forget it
I'll say you have to work on bridge for five bucks
That was something well. I guess you need to uh
Psychotic about it because she's so got a good sense of humor. Titching
She got little to change George's got a little to change very little. Yeah
Very little. That's not what I call it though
Rodney says congrats on the numbers you enjoy John a little bit of flee rock
A little bit of flee remember that that song a little bit of soap
A little bit of soap by the jarmel's if you got it that's a good song a little bit of soap
We'll wash away all the crap on the floor remember that yep. You don't got it. I'm looking for it
The jarmel's J-A-R-A-E-L I think it's just called soap or the soap song or something. No, it is not. It's called a little bit of soap
Don't you don't give me the soap song. All right. Don't give me no soap song and dance soap. I don't have it. Oh
I've actually a chicken I can remember that song. Do you remember it? I remember it from the early 60s late 50s early 60s. I'm gonna go to the jarmel's
So when we change in the format to oldies? You know this grade the fake rig but you don't give up on that finally
Diddy the number of people trying to worm their way into this place where where's the email I had about what's his name
Manny from Kendall trying desperately
To get into Cuba where the hell is that I had it somewhere here from yesterday. Didn't you read something about that? Yes, I read it yesterday something about that. Oh
Already been there done that
Anyway, yeah, this is after hearing the earlier story about the wall shimmer. I had a title this. Oh, I hope this isn't a gross story
In the middle of lunch hour. I worked as a bus person bar back for nice little pub eat reentain you long about 1992 a very similar circumstance
The Rose it was very late it was discovered there was diarrhea vomit catastrophe in the men's room
I knew I felt bad doing it, but I was told by management owner also happened to be kind of a friend. I had to clean it up
I knew he felt bad doing it whoever'd done it
Well, the economy wasn't all that bad and for goodness sake. I was just a bar back bus boy job while I was in school
It wasn't exactly a career. I said no, I wouldn't do it. Sorry. I figured I was making nine bucks an hour would take me a half hour to clean it up
I'd be making 450 and doing it in no way. I respectfully quit good for you man
Within a week I had another similar job and a few weeks later when I dropped into place where I used to work
To stay and hang out the owner friends that I did the right thing note out about it
Congrats on my numbers well good for you Rodney
There's a man who stands on principle as opposed to standing on a floor full of
Oh, don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that wonder to hour
A little bit of paint
We'll paint my balls with colors to display a little bit of paint
Looks better
When my balls hang down this way on each of my nuts
I like to pay a happy little yellow pay
All you know that a paint will make your balls look better this way
You took a brush and you swing it on your butt as you very gently touch and
You can't go away
You can't best do and dress up your pocket with
Stoop to go and a music place on your love and soul
A little bit of paint
We'll paint my balls with colors to display a little bit of paint
Looks better when my balls hang down this way
So just make their town or their dead
But we should open up their eyes we got fair
All in a bit of paint will make your balls look better this way
You took a little bit of paint will make your balls look better this way
All right a bit of paint will make your balls look better
Well honey like that that's the song a little bit of soap right
I
Mean who else is got a parody on a little bit of soap in the world nobody
You think that Paul and ancient Rhonda got that they'll have it tomorrow though. I'm sure that
Well, they sure had a kickass book man. Can you believe it? I believe it. They said what no competition?
No, yeah, but they got Jimmy syphilitic spoken word right like I said
And they got bubbled loves bunch like you said
Todd says just missed the picks from you and Dave just missed that was 11 o'clock any chance you give names again
Uh, Dave picked number 10 regal ransom
Written by Alan Garcia real long shot and I'm picking the favorite. I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I'm sorry to was out and pick the favorite but I did see him in the Woodman Moorler was an incredible race
I want revenge with Joe Talamo
Young Joe
There you go no extra charge Todd
Uh
Johnny says when I was 17 I had a fling with a smoking hot 32 year old brunette named Joyce
To this day just hearing the name Joyce gives me instant wood
Just out of curiosity. I was wondering what the QM Joyce looks like
Uh, you never talk about her physical attributes. That's because she doesn't have any
So I was hoping to give us the load on on what she looks like is she hot? Yeah, she's about as hot as the North Pole used to be before it started melting
What's her best asset?
Oh my god, Johnny you must be a crazy person
I've never seen it myself. I've heard tell low and now you did you were in that meeting right? Yep
How would you describe Joyce slight
Slight yeah, she's a small person. Yes, Perky
No
No
Boy the doll is only up 16 points. That's not so great
That blows
Jimmy Dorsky's got an interesting email. Let me send you some of these just before the end of the show didn't get to a dammit
Neal, do you consider Jewish a religion ethnicity or both
I was born to two Jewish parents one who was actually irish and adopted by Jews
They never succeeded in raising me Jewish. I eventually found atheism
However, my Catholic wife and her family always tell people I'm Jewish regardless of my atheistic views
Well, I'm Jewish in atheist. So what what's wrong with that?
It's an ethnicity. It's a religion. It's a dietary way of life, huh these days. It's a nationality
All of these things the way I see it just because my parents are Jewish doesn't mean I am any more than being born to a Yankee fan
Parents automatically makes me Yankee fan
Religion is simply nothing more than a team you root for and is a choice
If Florida wants Jesus license plates. I want one with sandy claws
How about one with the two fairy or some other fairy? Sure like maybe
Yeah, license the god license plate on the weather fairy
The weather for it thought she was retired
Well miss Kamali do enough. And now maybe he can make license plates. I'm sure he made a whole bunch of them while he was away
Now is that true? Do they really make license plates in jail?
That's true not all of them, but that's a thing that they make in jails in places
And how do they do that? Well, they have a workshop in prisons
Most prisons have something going on inside to defer the cost of the prison. Yeah
Some industry in there going on in there like furniture license plates things like that. Yeah, 54 certificates like by the way last time I looked
Not that bad the way things have gone in recent weeks. That's not so bad
When we get the 100 the 100 right 50s for 25 bucks
When we get the 50 100s then those go like half cakes
Right, but it's a whole different mentality
And we do the best we can that that was up 13 point. I wouldn't be surprised if it starts going negative
I don't want to be you know, a negative
But here comes the bunny and there goes your money
And perspective in terms of we don't know quite how serious this is going to be
We don't know how
No call it swine flu call it H1N1
Because the pick the pick farmers get upset when you call swine flu or shman
Here's one that says when is that stick going up and out far will it reach? I don't I don't know if there is one going up
I don't know the radio and north palm beach
I you know enormous is well he is none of that technical stuff
He doesn't understand he's not qualified to discuss that what are you qualified to discuss Norma
What are you qualified to discuss?
How can somebody who's allegedly been in radio and represents town in radio not know anything technical about his business
Can you answer me that question?
He's a faker
The radio and north palm beach sucks and so does your signal says this whoever this is
I have two choices music with heavy rotation which is unbearable or the love doctors 94.3 which is as a close second unbearable
These guys drone on all day with no material long process of silence and stupid spitting sounds
They even have a guy who calls in every day at noon and makes disgusting choking gagging noises
What the f I've heard better radio at high schools. How does this crap get on fm and you get a m? Well
I just wasn't uh, you know born under the right sign
The town's only up eight points. What did I tell you? It's gonna start going that red the little red arrow is gonna come on there and they're like oh no
Oh
Geez I
Wonder why that is I don't know
Well, you know, it's the Obama bounce and what goes up when you're bouncing a ball for example it goes up and then it comes back down
You ever known to say no bouncy bouncy rubber ball by bobby v
Like a rubber ball. Remember I feel hungry. I got into it about bobby v on the iod
No, it didn't yeah
Argument about not a real argument, but I mean you know a discussion about that
And I'm trying to think I I don't remember whether he liked bobby he arrived
You know what a great song is by bobby v the night has a thousand eyes
It's a great song you got it
Bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy. This is a stupid song
You know what is a great song about rubber ball red rubber ball by the circle
You're
He's a good song
Yep, I think Phil hated bobby doing the like
And he wasn't even cute and was always he is
Oh Phil was sitting behind the chick from the wh. Oh yesterday
And you see the Philhaley look like guy that was sitting behind her when she was
No, she's raising to level five
No, look just like Phil I swear to god at this time
And he kept doing Margaret's voice which I thought was interesting
But I was up three points something. Oh boy won't be long now
Circle red rubber ball on Columbia records great song. I would say 1967 68 something like that
I skipped on it 66 66 close
Post as board goes back not a match
That was a good show concentration remember that huge a miss a hue with down. Yes, that and then our James
Just like playing along to it and then what's his name was on it? I used to play the home game
Alex Trabiq what you had the home game. Yeah, you can also play with cards
Consist concentration. Yeah, I'm other play that all her life constipation
Like I said yesterday what a blessing. Oh the now is making a little comeback in 711.70
It was just on the verge of turning the negative. We don't want to do that
We got enough problems already with the damn swine flu and the worldwide depression. We don't want any red red arrows on there
That would be bad. How are we doing with that thing by the way the significance. I don't want to look at it
54 54
Here's one it says they fired the the total what 51 51 just heard they fired the total collector in the middle lane on the saw grass
Sunrise Boulevard location George. Here's your big chance. Oh right before somebody else gets it
Well, you can never have too many things in the hopper, you know, right
That's what I said about finally
Gills moving up to the big leagues boy
What is that guilt
Who's guilt you'll see go over that was up 1.43. I'm telling you it's flirting with negative territory
It's flirting with it
Now it's up five
Now you're gonna not wash your hands for weeks now that joe bill came in and shook your hand to give you the the uh already
High sign I already did kind of
Well, I sure would like to have on YouTube. I sure would like to have a video of that
Well, we can recreate the moment if you want. I'll get somebody to do what was your when he came in
What was your initial reaction?
Uh, I mean anytime I see him. Oh, you thought maybe this was it yeah
Like go home George go home. Go ahead
Go ahead. Yeah
Well
If you recall
When Greg Reed tried to fire me was the yeah, the heels of a great book also
And that was the call you got great book. Congratulations on the number
No, no, but that was it if it's true. That's because Moe was demanding that uh he be firing that you might never the less
That's how it always happens. We have a great book and uh right on the heels of it
Congratulations, Neil and by the way, I've decided to terminate your drinkers
Those were great words exactly. I thought he was gonna say hey congratulations today's your last day or tomorrow's your last show say goodbye
Well, he wouldn't do that in the middle of the show, would he?
How do I know?
Joe Bell would can you ask in the middle of the show? Everything else he does makes a lot of sense. That seems incredibly insensitive and grotesque to me
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was not right
And welcome back to the home. Oh, how would a David is show on there is but Nick sound like red-ditted you know
Here's the latest scores
77 to 7
Two to four whatever it is
You know, I got to tell you it's good to be back in New York
And it gives me a chance to get away from that mullet head I keep running into every place I go
Every place I go I run into that mung brain
Why the last time I be oh we got a car. Yeah, it's but Nick sound like red in the old and what do you want?
Yeah
I
Read it to you was at the airport
Oh Mr. Mr.
Are you the one who validates my ticket now?
I'm Rachel Maddo with James
I need to validate my ticket
Oh
Brown trip to New York and what are we running away from today?
Don't crack wise with me. Don't crack wise. Just validate my ticket see
What are you stand my hand for?
Dancing on the plate just validate my ticket will you?
Remember if you're getting more of it, New York. Why'd you stop? Why? We don't stop there
Hey wait a minute this here's around trip light you only gave me one way
Why you dirty that out from behind that counter oh
And why not
118 to 560 wq. I'm happy. Yeah Thursday to April Turdius tomorrow's L. Sink a la Uno de Mayo
Don't we have a thing about Cinco de Mayo? Don't we? I don't think so
No, we got Cisco slid
We got Cinderella man
I
Think one day what we ought to do is go through this thing
Of course the only problem with that is you know how many of these that we can't play
And there are a lot of them we don't know if we can play them or not right
Although we got 400 dump on is that's a good thing
We got 54 certificates left right?
No 51. Let me refresh right now
51 refreshing 51. Yes 51
Well, I sure be asked if we could get like under 50 you sell at least half of them during the show and then of course afterward in the who knows
That would be nice
Anyway getting back to Vern Gosden. He's still dead
Do you ever hear him? Nope
Singer Vern Gosden who recently who recorded a cut to music hits like the word winning chiseled in stone during a 30 year career
Dottie was 74
Michael Elobre funeral director of Mount Oliveff funeral home in Nashville said Wednesday
The Gosden was under hospice here and died late Tuesday in the area hospital now tell me exactly what is a hospice
I know it's a place where people go waiting to die, you know
Well, that's it what more do you want?
Is it really? Yes, like yes
It's the final destination when you know that you're on the way out that's where you go from a nursing home into a hospice correct
And then you go to the Mount Oliveff funeral and you go to heaven right if you're lucky go to heaven or go to hell, you know
Ha ha ha
Depending on the promise go to heaven what a comedian go to hell. Yeah go to hell go to hell
These singers administrative assistant Don Hull hall said Gosden had a history of strokes and suffered latest one a few weeks ago
We were quite hopeful therefore why because he was showing signs of coming back hall said
Until earlier this month. You say he was independent telling me what to do
He refused a box set in December
Are he released excuse me released a box set in December was renovating his tour bus for an appearance of the
country music associations annual festival in June
Chiseled in stone was voted the 1989 song of the year by the CMA in the tune and older man tells the younger man
Who's going through tough times you don't know about sadness till your face life alone. You don't know about lonely if it's chiseled in stone
Oh
Till it's just oh till it's chiseled in stone when it's the chiseled in stone when he stick your ass through
I guess vert guys didn't find it out might be lonely now
Oh, I don't know. I think he probably got a lot of company underground
When you think so I imagine now the worms really getting in those boxes or not is that just a saying?
That depends on the no it's not if it's a wooden box
Yeah, like in the olden days
Eventually the maggots will get you. Oh, no the worms
You're in other words you become a magnet a maggot magnet. Yeah, I know some people like that
Gosden who is known as the voice had several other hits in the 70s and he's including set him up Joe
I can tell by the way you dance and I'm still crazy
I'm still crazy to Joe Bell sing that to you when he came in
I'm still crazy
A number of contemporary country stars mourned the loss
He was one hell of a country singer helped me out of my first first tour George straight
Said in the statement Josh Turner called guys in a single of sad songs
The news that that you know what I want to play what
Larry Lou Jack and country song here's a lion from the song
It took a hell of a man to take my hand but churred and take it long
I like that yeah, she ain't much to see but she looks good through the bottom of a glass
Oh, yeah, I've heard that one. That's a good one. I wouldn't take you to a dogfight even if I thought you could win
Don't cry down my back baby you might rust my spurs
If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you
Here's a good one
If you get the feeling that I don't love you feel again
I
Here's one
Obviously is some guy singing this song and he's in some cheap blues. He's bedroom at the time
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave
I
Think that is sums up our situation here at WLS too
I shame to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave we'll just take the money. Thank you
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart
Oh, I want to hear it
Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this. You don't know much drink and they've been doing
It's the bottle against the bible and the battle for daddy's soul
Here's what I really like
It's commode hug and time in the valley
Oh
If you want to keep the beer real cold put it next to my ex wife's heart
My wife ran off with my best friend and I miss him
Oh
You're listening to Neil Rogers show me yours. I'll show you mine
It's all about Bill ourselves and how I want to lick his big hairy arm
I'm diggo coming at you from the ESPN sport hole center in epicat. I mean Epcot
Wow look at all the interest there is in the world of sports
Hello
Hey, what a game by those merleens huh? Yes, yes, yes
I I don't normally acknowledge life beyond the world of sports, but I want to address the rumors right here and now that no matter how much
Oh equals zero. I'm not going anywhere. Okay
I'm in very tight with the management and there convinced that the sports format is a ratings winner
All across the dial when we get that new tower up you're gonna have sports coming out your toaster
It's not how much we lose our ass, but how much we think we're never wrong
So I'm staying right here because I live in the world of sports
Nothing else matters of course
Ain't no talk good women at all. I fantasize about balls
130 to 560 wqam
He'll be out of two by the way the big O
And then when those hourly's come out tomorrow or Monday
Then it's gonna be really interesting, you know, mm-hmm
And and the nighttime like I said when you've got a 0.3 from seven of midnight the individual hours
You've got to be just staggering you think one of them is a zero at least
Might be a minus one
Minus infinity
The thousand down 26 points toward the red arrows on there not good and there's a bunch of kids running around with mask on a fear
dozens of US school districts have cold off classes and in Mexico where the outbreak began the government's suspending
so-called non-fundamental services and urging most businesses to close
So what exactly is this blue as I mentioned the government's
Technical name now H1N1 and it's a version of the virus that originally in pigs and normally
And ends but in rare cases it can spread to humans and that happens when the virus genes mutate
That's what we've seen in this case in fact the current strain also has genes in common with bird flu
And human flu and as you might guess this is not a good time to be a pig farmer even though you can't get
Did she say mutants?
Pig farmers face falling prices and an uncertainty starting about that one
I was dosed. I've seen an affiliate KXTA visited a Texas pig farm. I don't want to see that
Yeah, do you ever get behind a pig truck on a highway?
We're next to it. Okay
and
It's maybe your the aroma that comes from a pig truck is enough. It's enough to make sure it's wound very stinky
It's enough to make you pull off to the side of the road and just get out and puke your guts on
God it's enough to make you give up bratwurst almost not me though. I love my brats
Cliff and Kendall sent this he says have you ever watched the show dirty jobs in micro on the Discovery Channel
Not only never watched it never heard of it. Did you ever hear of it dirty jobs? No
That's what we got yeah, we got a dirty job
But somebody's got to do it
The show takes you on a tour of the dirtiest most disgusting jobs in existence
The one show I thought was the most disgusting was death scene cleanup special
These are cleanup crews with specializing cleaning and disinfecting murder suicide or found body scenes
Can you imagine when they find a body that's been like when some of these old people live alone you know they die?
Yeah, and nobody finds them for like weeks like Dr. Laura's mom and melted into the carpet
She melted in the carpet they had to remove the carpet to remove the carcass
Really yeah, she melted into it. She was fused with it. They could know me over from it her and the carpet were one
Wow
These guys cleaned brains off the ceiling walls along with blood and riding corpses that were discovered weeks after the death talk about gross
Says Piff and Kendall. I'll take your word for it. I will not be watching dirtiest jobs with micro
I'm discovery channel or anywhere else
Got another dead guy that nobody avert of the Dow is down about 10 points. Nothing dramatic yet
yet
Pigs are disgusting
Yeah, and we make fun of this but they're yummy
Oh pork is delicious pork chops and brought worse man
Or like Donna Bob's used to and Wayne Arles got the Rochester Whitehunts
I
Speaking of Wayne Arles by the way don't tell that story on the air
What story? Oh, I never sent you a copy of that email. I got
No good good
It was less than um complimentary
In fact, it was
devastating to say the least Peter Dennis is dead at 75
British actor made a career of one man pool readings
Poo readings winning the poo oh
Poo readings. Oh
Isn't that a cute little brown pig oh
Gross they're showing all these different kinds of pigs. I don't want to see him pick this one roast me out
They're nauseating look at aren't they not really the kind of cute you ever watch Oprah
British actor Peter Dennis saw his first stage play at 29 and knew immediately if not sooner. He wanted to act
After an introduction to the works of a million he later specialized in them and bristle that the notion that they were just for children
He performed his show bother
Name for a favorite exclamation by the a mil character milled character in more than
A hundred venues and the U.S. in Europe including Hollywood blowing with Westminster palace
He was 75 and now he's dead
Dennis was 36 before we discovered the denizens of the hundred acre wood
Hundred acre wood when a girlfriend took him to a London exhibit of the works of mill illustrator Ernest Shepard
With a convert zeal Dennis was soon essentially performing mill for dinner guests
To mark Poo's 50th birthday in 1976
Dennis gave an impromptu late-night reading at Cambridge University and was stunned to perform before a packed house
Oh
Just like we were stunned to get those numbers this morning stunned
I
Told you we were gonna do pretty good tonight. Yes, you did this because we had a couple of pretty good months going in
His show bother named for a favorite exclamation by Poo was born
And
In addition to winning the Poo 1926 Dennis drew from the house at Poo Corner and the poetry when we were young and now we are six
Just as mill had the actor bristle that the notion that the books were aimed at children
Poo and his friends in the forest show the whole of humanity told the tapetribune in
1997 when the show debuted in the US in 1986 at stage Lee Strasbourg in West Hollywood the times called it
Wimsically absurd
Charming and Wimpshire Wimpshire was charming. Yeah
Poo's boring
Because you boring. Yeah actor Charlton Heston became a friend after seeing bothering 87 at the corner of theater West Hollywood
Heston introduced himself backstage by saying I'm Tigger and this is my wife Piglet
Our art there was Moses reflected my mirror Peter Dennis said in the times he wrecked his arms around me said
It was the most wonderful evening. He ever spent the theater. How do you like that? He wrapped his arms and legs around him
I wonder if he had his peace on him
For my cold dead hands wasn't it great that he said that for my cold dead hands and now he didn't cold
Chuck Heston so really it isn't really cold
The Dow's down eight points nothing nothing get excited about
And it says they're on CNN swine flu don't panic. I think they probably getting like a real chewing out
From people who said that they're like trying to get everybody whipped up into a frenzy and that they're
They're overkill is gonna cause people to like start doing all kinds of rash hysterical things
Like where mass not to work the economy either you don't get everybody to stay home or lock themselves inside
Not good. We already have really bad economic situation closed classroom. It's a different thing
Okay, we heard this from the acting Joe Biden said but a beat but a boot but about you know Joe
He's got that hoofin mouth disease some people I have swine flu disease. He's got hoofin mouth
Still got 51 certificates left. Oh, we got some emails on here
And here's one with links
links
To mr. Rogers I don't do links
But nevertheless I'll print it out when it doubt print it out
I don't do links. I don't open attachments, but you people keep sending him air every single day air every day
In fact, this one he sent me twice just to make sure
Just to make sure that I wouldn't open it and I won't
Kelly McGillis confirms gay rumors who's Kelly McGillis actress top gun star
Oh top gun that was time he crews right right I ain't watching that
Holy mac anon this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Do do do do do
You've been broke my attention that the ratings are giant now
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say that I was to your hand how
You've done you get by somebody good enough to fill my begging pants
It ain't easy
There ain't no chance I love to be coming back
I'm excited considering a lucrative they come direct
If you want to know and will save you from shutting that transmitted to ground
Why that's easy
Sure
Oh
The
Oh, yeah, yeah, 16-0.2 at 5.60. WDQ-A and the down is up three points. Aren't you excited?
The green arrows back on there. Thrilled. We don't want no red arrow. Remember little arrows?
What was it called? Leapily and little arrows. I don't know. It's had the wrong name of the song.
Something arrows. Leapily, you know, got it? Looking. Boy, you're slipping man in your old age.
Hey, don't say that so hastily. It might not be a real song. Leapily, how do you spell Leapy?
L-E-A-P-Y. How else would you spell Leapy? L-E-E. L-I-P-Y. Leapy? He leapy. I don't think I have any Leapy.
Well, that would be the only one. Don't worry about it. It's not a good song. Cliff and Kendall sends me this.
Kelly McGillis confirms gay rumors. It's the sound of a million middle-aged hearts breaking.
Top Gun star Kelly McGillis, otherwise known as the Boyhood Crush of anyone with a beating heart in 1986,
has confirmed long-standing rumors that she is a lesbian. She's a lesbian. Now, she wanted those pasty
lesbians like Rachel Maddow and Ellen DeGenerate. She has a pretty face, but she doesn't think she
will make up. Yeah, every time I've seen her. She's not like Manly and stuff like that. It
doesn't surprise me how's that. She always likes a pretty woman. Oh, I had some radar online reports.
McGillis said, I'm done with the man thing. I did that. I need to move on in life. That's another
part of being true to yourself. That's been a challenge for me personally. She said, she's done with
the man thing, Mr. Man. Mr. Man. I think accepting being homosexual, that was an ongoing process from the
time I was about 12, she had it. I had a lot of things that happened that convinced me that God was punishing me for
being gay. That was a hard process. Maybe that's why I wound up working for Joe Bell. God is punishing me for
being gay. Think? Maybe. McGillis has two daughters from a marriage to Fred Tillman. The couple divorced in
2002. The actress has repeatedly denied sexual, speculation about her sexual about him the past. That's bad. He's
repeatedly denied it. Now, all of a sudden, oh, guess what? I'm a guy. Dike lesbian. Why deny it? Why not just keep mum? Right?
Like Tommy Cruz. Hey, Tommy, you can. You know, I watched Matt Damon. I've seen that movie. The
talented Mr. Ripley about 400 times. Every time it comes on, I'm forced to watch at least part of it. And I don't
know. I mean, I know what's his name? Matt Damon is a good actor. But he plays the gay with such ease, man. He
just. To ease. Lames into it. You know what I'm saying? I don't think he's acting much of a wrong. What?
Too much of a natural, you think? He's married and has. I'm sure a very manly penis, but nevertheless.
L sends me a thing here. Randy Rhodes returns to radio on more than 100 stations. Al. But then and then it says
subject and then it goes on this thing about war crimes by Bush and training with a petition. I say, Neil,
thank you again for 30 years of entertaining radio, sincerely. Al, but what does this have to do with Randy?
We turning on more than 100 stations to say. Not in South Florida, though. That's the rumor we have that I would
be not going to put her on. They don't think she's a good fit with their Nazi lineup with Jimmy Stifelidic and
Rush and Glenn Dreck. And what's his name? The Schmidt Meister. So I don't know how to. In
obscure America, of course, they're along gone sports. Well, they're going to do some kind of a number.
Let me tell you we're doing some kind of a number in some parts like nighttime.
Cannot wait. I'm done just on pins and needles about those hourlies. Joe Rose had a good book. We had a
really rock saw. I would say rock solid. Yeah. First in a long time under the current regime in spite of this
regime. Leave me not thanks to them in spite of them. Every roadblock, every deterrent to success, every
negative vibe. See that. That's the thing that really bugs me negative vibes. I mean, what kind of
management style is that? I don't know. I mean, somebody once told me you can't complain about the morale in
this place because there is no who told you that you was. Somebody said that. I don't know. Low morale. But now after this
book comes out, I bet you the runner, I'll say, Oh, we did great. We right? Yeah. They did it. They did it.
Not us, not me and certainly not you. Oh, I know. Because you you're always a torpedoing the numbers. There's no question.
Torpedo man. Now that would you should have had that on the pull-ed day when you were looking for your nickname.
Torpedo man. DJ torpedo. Now, who was it that used to say that? That's too late to change it. Greg Reed. Greg Reed. He said, I torpedoed the ratings.
When I filled in for you this summer that I had an eight to with tapes. Everybody else had really sucky numbers. The only
number that we had was this show. But I tore Pedoed the radio station. He hated you. I know. Now that would be a good
pull question. Who hated George Moore? Greg Reed or Joe Bell? I think it's the same.
About a girl called Sifle Sso. Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town. You're fairing.
Oh, I shouldn't order from the spot on the head. I didn't know with the urine and the drugs.
I bought a bowl always be where you. So stay away from a Sifle Sso. Have a turquoise I'm sure to see no signs.
No sense of a friend of mine. You got infected now I've got it too.
So keep away from a Sifle Sso. Yeah. Hey, keep away from that girl.
Hope that I'm still in for good now. Keep away from soup.
She likes to sleep around. Yeah, even did it with my bad shit house. We didn't know that I started to call.
Now I'm afraid it's falling off. Here's the moral story from a guy who knows.
He used to have a hoes when his fungus froze and scared me for all that she ever knew.
I keep away from a Sifle Sso. Yeah. Keep away from that girl. I don't know what to do now. Bye.
