The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars.
And do not reflect those of the Beasley Broadcast Group.
It's staffed advertisers for agency.
You're listening to South Florida's Sport League.
5-6-1-WQ-A-M.
Miami.
Florida, LaDale.
5-6-E-WQ-A-M presents The Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, Dyle, 5-6-7-0.
Are we on now?
Oh, I was reading crap on the internet.
5-3-8-7-7-7-7-7-5.
Who?
Or Pound 5-60 on your 18-raise call.
And for Ryze, maybe Ben.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his collars, do not reflect those of WQ-A-M
management staff.
Jack Riggs Hazel Park, VRC.
That's from an espossit in two days before George was born.
That really frosts his head.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Hey, Roy, by the way, where is Pink lipstick?
Are you where that?
No.
She wears lipstick, too.
What's that all about?
Right there.
Ah.
Shoot me up for the ball game.
Oh.
Be up with the noise.
So I'll have small nuts and a face that's cracked.
I got tubers growing on my back, but I'll shoot.
Shoot, shoot some more steroids for the first free training game.
Cause how else could I join Barry Bunt in the whole of fame?
All right.
I'm not going to waste a whole lot of time talking about payroll because everybody in their
brother, all the sports talk shows.
Oh, gee.
It's interesting, though, the Miami connection with all the steroids.
First it was Jose Conzucco wrote the book, and then we had Raffi.
Oh, Raffi is such a credit to the community.
That Ilyana Rosanna, a whole Raffi, Raffi, a Palmero.
And then we had the who else in Miami and our pay for a paid fraud Miami connection.
But anyway, so last night, where the hell was I watching?
I guess it was on Keith Olderman.
They had a segment from 60 minutes.
Okay.
And they showed Miss Rodriguez.
And I got news for her.
I'm sorry, because I've seen too many other clips of his interviews.
And he had like lips like ordinary people.
You know, I mean, granted, you contrast his complexion, which is like, I don't know how to describe it.
Kind of like brownish.
He looks like he's got a lot of pancake makeup on, but that's just his ordinary complexion, I guess.
Or maybe he does have a lot of pancake makeup, right?
But in this interview on 60 minutes, he had pink lipstick.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you right now.
Not denying it.
Now what kind of a guy wears pink lipstick?
Yeah.
No, come on.
Right.
You're supposed to wear a maroon lipstick or maybe a nice, you know, blood color, if you're a guy.
Pink lipstick.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Don't ask me, man.
I got to make me search for that lipstick on your collar, collar, County Francis thing with Bowser.
And the best thing about it, and we like to use, use, could do it.
Oh boy, use, could do it all right.
So anyway, the whole thing is a fraud.
All these guys are on drugs and screw it.
Thank goodness baseball became boring to me so many years ago.
My attitude about baseball is almost like yours.
I wouldn't watch it if it paid me by the pitch.
Boring.
Ponderous.
Yeah.
Here's the poll result for me yesterday.
We've changed the poll because Erica asked me to.
Ericsson, I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
A lot of people are not going to be a lot of places.
The next, I don't know.
It's one of those things.
Georgian could be here on Friday.
We got flee on Friday, right?
Oh, happy day.
Some of those people are saying some of those anti-George crowd, you know, oh, we love that flee.
He's so entertaining and he's so much better than that George.
That little George.
There's still a lot of sour people out there.
That's all.
Nothing worse than being a sour pus.
The solution to the economic crisis is increased spending infrastructure.
226.
Eat the rates 168.
Do whatever Obama says, 156.
Give the money to Neil so he can double it at Woodvine, 142.
An excellent choice.
I made a few bucks yesterday.
How do you like that?
All right.
What did I hit yesterday?
Oh, I got 400 and line twice.
Wheel of torture.
Don't get started on the Schloss.
Let me tell you right now the Schloss will kill you.
Cut taxes 92.
More government involvement 63.
Less government involvement 62.
They can't make up their mind on that one.
But they do know they like the president and the Republicans are like, like all the time.
They want to make sure he fails so the country can go in the crapper.
We can have a big depression to make the Republican party successful again.
Pink lipstick.
I'd like your take on that.
You e-mailers.
You crankers and shankers and wankers.
Yeah.
When you like to find out, I was speaking to wankers, Johnny from Oklahoma is back again.
Fake Johnny.
Dismissive and insulting predictable says fake Johnny.
I wouldn't be surprised if Johnny from Oklahoma is Johnny's ETR again.
Could you know what all the fake identities?
Well, he's got to come up with some new ones.
I heard your response and your audience response to my e-mail.
Predictably, it was dismissive and insulting.
When you deserve to be dismissed and insulted, Johnny.
The truth is difficult for people to confront.
Take your religious bullcrap and peddle to a lot of ignorant people, okay?
I will not get lower to that level.
It's a shame you're unwilling to stand for what you believe in the face of someone who's willing to challenge those beliefs.
I know you ridicule the Christian faith constantly, but rarely do you pay any attention to all the good works that are currently being done exclusively by Christians of all tonight.
And places where people's lives are at risk every day.
Do you deny the Christians do more good works around the world than any other faith?
Christianity isn't perfect, but it's in the best position to make improvements to this flawed world.
Johnny from Oklahoma.
Ask all the people who died during the inquisition of the crusades about Christianity and the good works, okay?
Now you're nitpicking.
Yeah, that's right.
Ask all the victims of molestation by those priests, by those fag priests.
Ask all of them if they church is in a position.
The prone position.
I'm sure Johnny isn't that kind of Christian.
But I don't know.
Whatever he is.
He's fake.
The whole thing is fake.
So what are you talking about?
Are you responding like Johnny is for real?
Is real?
Of course not.
And everybody knows anyway that the Jews are God's chosen people, chosen for persecution and murder and slaughter and starvation and like that.
Because they're special.
Oh, that's right.
All a bunch of bobbin-mice is Johnny.
Don't waste your time sending that crap in this direction.
Go out in the street corner and head out some leaflets.
Oh, Christ is coming.
Oh, yeah.
I think Johnny is the...
I don't remember the name of the fake church, but...
People fact in the church.
That one from highly, remember those days?
Yep.
That it's Johnny's either that or he's John ZTR with another new fake identity.
The dead Bob Lasseter writes,
Thanks for a great laugh and a good cry.
From Greg Budeau, I don't understand what this means.
From Greg Budeau to Bob Lasseter.
Now Greg is so desperate he's writing the dead people.
Thanks for a great laugh and a good cry.
Charlie campus Al Rantel, name some more.
Name some more what?
Names.
Oh, Names, Joe Smith, Tom Jones.
Right.
Edgeworths.
A.B. Ishkebibbo.
Ishkebibbo, yeah.
Here's Brandon.
Who always had something useful, man.
I'll tell you.
Oh, who's this Brandon guy?
It's Brandon, there's some Brandon that...
You were out that day.
That was such a great email.
It was fabulous.
Brandon says, I tried Bluebell Ice Cream to see what the big hype was all about.
So I bought a half gallon of Dutch chocolate.
They had maybe 10 to 15 flavors.
So I had myself a nice bowl of it last night.
It was okay, but it had lived up to the hype not really.
It was just your regular chocolate ice cream.
There was a little more creamy than the others.
And for sure, it wasn't worth the $7 I paid for it.
I could get the same ice cream at the...
In the public's brand for half price,
public generally makes really good high-quality generic things at decent prices.
For the ice cream kind of sewers, I'm sure they could feel or taste a difference,
but not me.
Kind of swears.
Now, they're probably like ice cream snobbs, you know.
Confirm ownership parcel.
Dear customer, here's a package with $80 trillion in it.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah, another one of those.
Life isn't complete without those.
I guess I'm going to Schmitt-Kan, you're a link there.
I don't know.
Yes, please.
It was too much grief.
And also that other link to the brother thing.
Yeah, yeah.
Eric's is, I'll be out during good part of the show tomorrow if you send me a Mars poll.
Well, there you go.
Thanks, Eric.
It's on here already.
He is on top of him.
He's the best.
Here is the new poll.
And a lot of additions come into this one.
I'm sure.
That's why it's good that we put this up there.
And now it gives him something to add and gives you something to do.
Great.
Big ol' at two, mad dog at chula's at four.
Dolphin 97, we're sorry for that.
We apologize in DAA to 11.
Did I mention earlier that this computer is not working right now?
What do you mean it's not working?
Well, there's when it's working and then there's now.
And then there's now like it's not working well.
What happened to it?
I don't know.
I think all the pochking I was doing things along with you.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, that really was very productive.
Not...
Yeah, very productive.
I think we're just...
I'm going to accept my fate.
And now let me ask you this.
Sure.
I know this sounds stupid, but I have two of these brother MFC 4800s in here.
One that I use for the facts on the other side of the room.
And then the one will be here by the computer.
If I swap those out, do you think it would make a difference?
No, because I think it's the software that you don't have properly installed in there.
I think that you need is a genuine computer technician person, an IT person to go in there
and do everything that you need done right correctly.
Well, it's not like there's some major, I mean, it's, you know, like a little thing.
It's exactly so it shouldn't take them too long.
My problem on the other hand.
Your problem, what?
The problem with this computer might.
I don't understand why.
Crash just...
I don't get it.
It's been coughing up blood for a while.
Oh, has it?
Yeah.
Maybe I need to buy a new one, which I'm not going to.
I can't afford it with this...
If this is a pay rate.
Don't worry about it.
The old days I'd buy a new one right now.
I'd go online and have it delivered to model.
That this one worked.
Hey, staff.
49 votes on the new poll.
The most overplayed song on the radio is or was.
You let it up my life.
Debbie Boone.
Oh my God.
13.
Debbie Boone.
Piano Man 12.
Actually, I kind of like that song about the first 4,000 times.
Right.
And then the next 80 million times I grew to despise it like everybody else.
You lied.
And then whatever happened to Debbie Boone, she disappeared.
Thank God.
Along with Daddy.
Daddy decided to become like a rock star.
Remember that?
He was doing stones crap and all that.
Yeah.
He was a jerk.
He's a real jackass.
He used to be real pretty though, but now he's pretty old and pretty ugly.
You lied up my life.
13.
Piano Man 12.
I've got to tell you something very...
I don't know if it's funny or if it's sad.
You'll think it's sad.
Okay.
So I went to Woodbine yesterday.
One of few bucks I did fine.
I come home and Paco stopped by to look at some papers I had or so.
I remember what it was.
And he looks at me like, oh my God, are you a crazy person or what?
I shaved my head again.
You know that electric shaver I got a couple days ago.
And I've never done this before.
I mean, I've left some like...
I would like it to be neck.
I've left some hairs.
You know, that looked a little...
Missilely spots.
But I missed a big spot on the back.
I mean, a big spot.
It looked like a ponytail was starting.
I mean, just grotesque.
Maybe that'll be what we do for you.
He took a picture with his can with his phone.
He took a picture of it and showed it to me.
And I thought, oh no.
How could I go out of the house like that?
That's what he said.
You look like homeless again.
Homeless.
So I immediately shaved it off.
And now it's nice and neat and...
Very good.
Anyway, you lied up my life 16.
Piano Man 12.
I got you, babe 9.
Taya Yellow ribbon around the ol' oak tree.
I hate Tonyer Landow and Don't Like Poison 8.
The rose for...
Muskrat love too.
I'd like to teach the world a sing too.
We talked about that a length yesterday.
So I only got two votes.
You don't bring me flowers anymore.
None.
I don't even know why that's on there.
You don't bring me flowers anymore.
Was the most overplayed song of all time.
My God.
Pink lipstick is horish and hot.
It's just very macaque-ner.
How do you like that?
What's that got to do with pay-for-odd?
Maybe he thinks it's hot on him.
Good morning.
You know what I'd like to thank you for picking the correct pony.
The extra 150 bucks came in handy as my car blew a fuel injector.
400 bucks.
Thanks again.
Long time list of since the day the days.
Hello, babe.
What does it say?
Oh, head-or-oh, head-or-oh.
Big boy Kevin and Miami.
Thanks, Kevin.
Kevin says thanks.
I picked him the weiner.
So I got 150 almost halfway needed for the new fuel injector.
In that of bitch, you could ever get ahead.
Here I thought we were getting 150 bucks ahead.
And instead, cost him 400 bucks to fix his car.
Oh, well.
Sorry to hear that, Kevin, but I did my best to do my duty.
We won by a head.
Second time in three weeks our horse won by a head.
I wish they wouldn't block by five-six lengths,
so we can breathe a little bit easier.
Oh, well.
But I guess it's more exciting this way, you know, when we win by a head.
Especially if Jack Riggs is calling the race.
Of course, he wouldn't have been calling a thoroughbred rate.
Oh, yeah, he would, because he used to do the RC and Hazel Park.
He used to call the thoroughbreds in the afternoon,
and then drive to the other track and do the harness racing at night.
That was one hell of a guy.
He was a little boring, but that's beside the point.
He had a great voice.
They're off.
And then one time he called the wrong race.
Okay.
He was a race ahead in the program, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
He called the wrong race.
And then when we got to the next race, the race started just exactly the way he had called it before,
as though it was scripted, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
He made you really wonder what it's all about,
like he was reading a script.
Roger's got it.
Oh, say and say go, say everyone's huge.
But we swear there's no one on a team who is cheating.
All our layers are clean.
There's a steroid of use.
Show me how there are huge.
It's just by your means they're eating.
When they eat a whole brunque,
and then's on the sun.
H-crew, they take drugs.
Cause we tested there, you're in.
All day there's our layers you throw us in there, rums.
There's this word out in the bright.
That's why they are so calm.
Okay, got two votes for Stairway to Heaven.
Let's get that on the pole right away.
Yeah, sure.
That would be another one of my polls,
most overrated song of all time.
And remember we did the thing,
the favorite song of all time, and it wins that too.
Yes.
There's a lady outside.
She said whatever sucks.
Here's one Justin says,
is it too late to mention Stairway to Heaven for the pole?
You're both fantastic.
And Flea sounds great as well.
Thanks for the great show, Justin.
Thank you, Justin.
Let's get away to Heaven.
We got two votes for that.
I'll put it on their psychically.
You'll do what?
I'm mentally putting it on there right now.
Everyone can just pretend that it's there and pretend to vote for it.
Hey Rod.
Henry Finkelstein says,
that's definitely lipstick on the Katie Couricman.
If you, what a fag A Rod is.
Maybe that's why Madonna likes him so much.
My first Denise Rodman,
and then who is the other fag that she was married to for a short time?
I don't know.
The dancer?
Oh, the dancer.
I don't know.
She's a fag hag Madonna,
in case you didn't know that.
I did.
She's a fag and a fag hag.
It's all right off.
At any rate.
You saw it off?
Yeah.
Henry says,
also I have a brother 4800.
You'll probably have to get somebody to get that done for you.
Well,
Neil, I can't believe you missed a piece of hair.
Don't you have a handheld mirror?
No, I don't.
I have mirrors behind the mirrors.
In other words, my bathroom walls are like all mirrored.
So I can look in the mirror behind me.
Usually I don't miss a spot,
but I missed a,
not just a spot,
but I mean, like a big,
it looked like,
remember Mark Lindsay from Power Fear in the Raiders?
Mm-hmm.
Like that.
By the way,
I saw your pictures from Ghost Dream.
I don't think that's the haircut for you.
It makes you look older.
Well, I like it.
It's comfortable,
and I like it.
I'm not interested in any pointers
and how to dress,
how to do my hair.
My new all-business, Henry, okay?
Makes you look older.
Go Panthers.
Love you, Neil.
But I root against your leaf tonight.
Professor Dr. Henry K.
Finkelstein Schwartzman, whatever.
Kaksahoy Sank.
I'm amazed that we aren't getting
a lot more different names of songs on there.
So many songs.
Just, just played on and on and on
until you just want to vomit.
But eventually there'll be like one or two, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Or maybe not.
Got a dead guy,
somebody you never heard of.
Okay.
Philip Kiri.
Never heard of him.
I wonder if he's kin to Harry.
Or maybe Andy Carey,
who played third base for the Yankees in the 50s.
Andy Carey.
Philip Kiri dies at 83,
co-starred in Laredo
and had a long-running rule on one life to live.
And a series of commercials in the 60s.
Philip Kiri,
the ruggedly handsome veteran actor,
co-starred in the 60s,
TV Western Laredo,
and more recently played the long-running role
of a bigger-than-life Texas tycoon
on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live is died.
He was 83.
Kiri, who was also known in Southern California in the 60s
for his tongue-in-cheek series of commercials
for Granny Goose Potato chips.
Died Friday to his home in New York City
after battle with lung cancer said,
Laurie Hogan,
publicity director for One Life to Live.
Never shouted love.
It's never shouted love.
Seriously, the crap that they put on on MTV and on A&E,
you know, it's just,
you wonder if there's any hope.
I mean, forget about everybody going bankrupt
and losing their job.
I'm forget about that if you can.
Just think about another shot at love.
And you'll know the answer is no chance.
We're done. We're doomed.
The tall, deep voice actor began playing Assa Buchanan, Assa.
Assa,
the strong world Buchanan family,
Pete Fierrocker,
could be ruthless in business
and would do whatever he had
to do to protect his family in 1980.
He was diagnosed with lung cancer in early 2006,
took a leave of absence from One Life to Live,
time to go treatment,
returned to the show later that year.
His tycoon character died in his sleep in August 2007,
but was brought back twice in video wheels
and appeared on the show's
40th anniversary episodes in July 2008.
His last appearance was on December 29.
One life to Live Cast member, Erika Slazak,
said she was incredibly fond of Kerry.
Well, isn't that great?
I don't know if I could love more if he was my dad, she said.
Another shot of love, oh God!
I think we're raising or you're raising
a generation of emotional cripples is what it is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Dancing with the stars.
Everything is TMZ, man.
Everything is entertainment tonight
and what do the other 800 shows of the same genre?
Yeah, Access Hollywood.
Access Hollywood, yeah.
People who have no lives at their own
and now have to live vicariously through other people's lives.
It's like these people obsessed with me.
Don says, Neil God,
there are only two types of shows on this Fort Myers video market.
Sports and right wing.
You're like a friend.
Now I want to tell you how he spells friend.
I mean, this is a very positive, friendly email,
but so I don't want to pick on Don.
And he is over there in Fort Myers.
He spells friend, F-R-I-N-E-D, a friend
that comes to visit each day.
My friend.
You're my friend.
No, give me.
Do you hear that pop?
What was that?
That was me, Zappen myself with the microphone here.
Really?
Yeah.
Now how's your computer doing?
Not.
I'm doing high.
I can think of.
I'm doing system restores.
No, gimmicks are stuns just a friend that sits in for while in chats.
He spells it the same way both times.
I have to listen to you with Spanish music in the background and static, etc.
After the first time I hear about A-Rod's injections.
I don't need to hear about it the next seven hosts.
Thank you for what you do in Georgia's the best.
I relate to all he chats about.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank Neil for Neil.
Neil bless Mac and Fort Misery.
Those people over there in the west coast, they don't seem to be too happy.
Bleh, bleh.
A lot of unhappy people in Florida.
All Henry Finkosteen, that's right.
Before he sent that last one, he had another one.
Long, long, ponderous, but I'll read it.
I guess.
Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkosteen, my ass.
Subject, what's up Ginger?
George, how are you, man?
And I'll do the break and then it's too long to start now.
And it's so important that I want to interrupt it.
Good.
Most overplayed song of all time.
And we aren't getting thousands of suggestions for you add on to the poll.
I mean, that's criminal.
That's what that is.
Let me take a look.
Maybe now they're coming.
Oh, yeah, there we go.
Not thousands, but two, four, five.
That's a start.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com.
You can do it.
I'm telling you, or maybe you can't do it.
Maybe that's the problem, you know, when you come right down to it,
maybe they can't do it.
Do you ever think about that?
Kind of like the sales department, right?
Like when it comes to copy, they can't do it.
I don't want to mention Gary Sarner in connection with that because he would be.
He would turn even more Jewish than he already is.
You think that's possible?
No.
Well, maybe I'll come in there and coach you the studio for you.
Maybe?
Maybe he'll say a bracha.
Or maybe he'll just come in and wretch all over you.
All right, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers.
That's you, dude.
Don't talk, don't talk.
When the season's here, break out of the bass.
I got my resolve today.
I feel the cup, and they haven't caught me yet.
I want the home runs and the army has.
So I can make a lot more care.
And I need every advantage I can get.
So shoot me a coach.
I pumped up and played today.
Shoot me a coach.
They'll never find out the way.
Cause the Jews makes me make me lay.
1031 at 560.
All the Royads all the time, baby.
They're all doing it.
They're all shooting up.
All right.
And of course, baseball is a game where those statistics are so meticulously kept and so important.
Remember that email yesterday that come.
Who cares?
Okay.
50,000 years from now, is anybody going to give a crap about pay Royad and pay fraud and all that other crap?
I don't think so.
And Jose Kansako.
Pink lipstick.
You watched that currican interview from 60 minutes and you tell me that that child ain't wearing pink lipstick.
What kind of a macho guy?
Here he's supposed to be a role model for all the little kids out there.
He's making more money than God.
$80,000 a season.
Well, I was just confused and stupid and yeah.
What's the excuse for the pink lipstick, honey?
Confused and stupid?
No, that must be it.
I was just confused and stupid.
Where have we heard that before?
I don't know.
We hear that all the time.
Lauren says, no more we could tempt the humor from me anymore.
Thank God for an intellectual guy like this guy who actually has got you know an IQ and can spell and like.
For the poor Boston's more than a feeling see I told you this guy's good.
I agree with that more than a feel that one of the he says it doesn't help.
I hate that song and so do I.
I hate it.
I despise it.
If I ever heard again, I'm going to kill somebody more than a feeling.
It sounds like a song that Joe Rose would sing and not a knock at joke as Joe is great.
You know, but something he would sing right after he would do one of those awful singing spots.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I got my computer working after a fashion.
Well, that's good.
Things to the poll now, but uh.
Oh, in other words, you couldn't add this stuff to the poll.
I'm cutting this and add that.
Right.
Oh, that's bad.
I'm not answering you and you think I'm being all sarcastic and kidding.
But I want to share with you more than a feeling you got these now.
Yes.
Is it working?
Yes.
Thank God.
It's a time being barely.
It says, I don't know if you saw the press conference last night.
No, I did not.
But the talking hits afterward were something else.
An NMS NBC, Obermann, Matt Al Matthews, go ahead.
We're actually comparing him to W and send that Obama is going to have to shorten his answers.
His answers were often too often seven minutes longer more.
W's answers were shortened to the point.
The fact he couldn't speak or make sense most of the time or was lying apparently is beside the point.
I was to quote a phrase dumbfounded is that what we are now that Americans can't or won't sit through the president of the US talking about something vitally important and taking time to think before speaking.
No, that's correct.
We can't.
It was also nice to see the president call Helen Thomas, especially after her shabby treatment by the Bushes.
You have somebody call on that old bag before she croaks already, my God.
She's got a release 200 years old.
She's got bags on her bags.
You know what I mean by that?
Like Maria.
Like little Maria B from the gambling channel.
Here's one that says, please post the picture that Paco took on the website.
Sounds funny.
Thanks, my friend.
Well, I'm sorry, my friend, but he erased it right away.
Promise me he would erase it.
And he did.
I mean, I don't want to put a picture out there.
I mean, it's embarrassing.
I'm just mortified and mortified.
I think I was walking around in public with that big chunk of hair.
I mean, just it looked idiotic.
Looks like a mistake.
And you know what it was?
A mistake?
Yes.
Bad mistake.
Big chunk of...
I did just in the middle of an otherwise fairly.
Well, you saw how short I keep my hair.
Yeah.
It's not like skinhead, but it's like close to it.
It's in for what it's worth.
That's right.
All guys do their hair like this now.
Unless it's definitely when your hair starts thinning, it's the better part of valor.
Well, I could have been doing that for 20 years.
I was supposed to do the comb over thing like a lot of other guys do.
No, comb over.
You mean like Carl Rove and Bob Cole?
Like that, yeah.
Comey over six hairs.
Jason says, rambling man by the almond brothers.
If I hear it again, I swear I would joyce in my pants.
Great show.
I like that song a lot though.
But he's got a good point.
It was played.
Especially if you watch the exorcist over and over and over again.
I think I'm losing my faith, father.
Well, I bet you...
What's his name?
Oklahoma, Johnny wouldn't like that or whatever his name was, Johnny Oki.
Here's another one from the dead Bob Lasseter.
That was from the real Greg Budelle.
He's doing a show FM show on 96.1 WQKS FM
and his afternoon talk show on the AM station.
Joe Bell has interviewed him for the new Q56 oldies format.
Greg would host a morning drive show for WQA.
This from the dead Bob Lasseter.
Oh, you know what could be from the air?
Real Greg Budelle.
Just desperately seeking attention.
Just like that I've knocked you a sit across the street.
You're not going to get it from me, you said I'm not giving you no attention.
You're not even small potatoes.
You're like tater tots.
Nothing.
Made the impact of a fart.
George Ann says, good morning, you had what Cubans call a cucaracha.
A spot that's missed when you get a bad haircut.
By the way, if somebody interested in buying...
Oh, this is Rob and South Maimigan, who for some reason always has the website.
It's like the email address, George Ann.
Somebody interested in buying serious dead yada yada from Echo Star.
Yeah, we talked about that online yesterday, Rob.
Listen every day, every minute.
Rob and South Maimigan.
Or George Ann.
Maybe Rob or his pink lipstick.
I don't know.
Maybe he dresses up as George Ann.
Just a joke, Rob, relax.
What do you think about that pink lipstick?
What about it?
Now you wouldn't have seen it because you wouldn't watch even for one second.
Anything to do with sports, you know.
Right.
Even though you know who that is.
Yeah.
And what's with the Maimigan connection with drugs, huh?
Huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Coincidence, I'm sure, Jess.
Just a coincidence, man.
And like Mark McGuire says, even though his brother, you know,
ratted him out and said, oh, yeah, he was doing Roy's.
I injected him.
But the marches, let's not talk about the past.
Let's look for the future, you know.
I'm sure that's what W is thinking too.
Let's forget about the past.
No, those dead people.
Joe Dodge, Eolus, can honestly say I never heard Muscrat love.
The Rose, or you don't bring me flowers anymore.
One time in my life. Well, good.
Maybe my life hasn't sucked so much after all.
No luck with the others on the pull alas.
However, and I mean, if I ever hear light my fire again,
it'll be too soon.
I love that song.
I love the doors, but light my fire.
And I love Jose Feliciano too, who also sang it.
Remember that?
Yep.
Whatever happened to him, is he still alive?
I don't know.
That was down 110.
I'm convinced it's mandatory for this song to be played
like my fair at least once an hour in every rock station in the Western world.
People will actually call up stations to request light my fire.
Need to be removed from the earth's population is what Joe says.
Joe da Jola.
This isn't a name every song you know, suggestion.
That song, while good, is truly overplayed beyond the point of nausea.
And I say this is a doors fan enough already.
A paraphrase guitar man.
I'd rather stick hot burning needles in my flesh than listen to that seven-minute song ever again.
And let's get Morrison actually comes back from the dead to perform it.
Wow.
Jim Morrison, who extended his manly member to the crowd Miami.
That's the rose years ago.
What?
That was the Glenda friendship, right?
John says, for the pull, how about my heart will go on by the anxious Celine Dion.
Oh, what a good choice.
Yep.
She gives me spielkeys, man.
In fact, if you tell anybody up here, you like Celine Dion, they immediately shoot your ass.
Good.
Being the Canadian bitch that she is.
Oh, you know, a lot of good Canadian performers, a lot of good comedians.
Not too many great comedians, Canadian singers, unless you include man, Murray or like that, you know.
Gordon Lightweight.
Rush.
I'm naming a great Canadian.
I mean, Rush.
For group.
Yeah.
The Guess Who.
The Guess Who, right?
My close personal friend Burton Cummings.
Yes.
Oh, there he goes again.
Another spin.
There he goes again.
Oh, God.
If I would have had a gun out of shot him and the bitch that night.
And their machines, their machines, that was back when we still had the coins.
The coins were bursting out.
Their machines were a hemorrhaging money.
Not that they can fix those things or anything like that, you know.
Right.
I'm sitting there plunging my guts out and I get a spin 25 bucks, you know, which is close to the minimum.
The lowest you can get.
Oh, there he goes again.
Another spin.
Oh, boy, you know.
Just look at your own machine and leave me alone.
Bert.
God.
What an a-hole he was.
But, you know, that's that's what it is.
I love his music.
See, that's the thing about performers.
When you people get all whipped up about performers, if you like their work, that's fine.
Don't expect them to be great people or to like, you know, come to your house and cook you dinner.
Just be happy that you like their work.
And then the rest of it, maybe they're, you know, maybe they're idiots.
Look at us.
If you can, if you can stomach that hair on the back of my head.
God, I was.
Couldn't believe them.
He was just a guest.
He just, you went outside like that.
Like he was in Paris to know me, which I wouldn't blame him.
New gut.
Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me sick?
Well, now, KO Peckade Records presents, songs that make you wanna throw up.
Got a doubt, a gunner, a chuck on you, I gotta have cases feeling good.
Say you're wetting out with ho-up on you like I,
As unsung that make you wanna throw up, you get to stink.
Look, complete bar for Rama.
And who could forget their classic?
Puk, pu-puk, pu-puk, pu-can-ho, pu-puk, pu-can-ho, pu-puk, pu-puk, pu-can-ho, pu-puk, pu-puk, pu-puk, pu-puk, pu-puk,
You know you make me wanna buy this like follows read, buy all my challenge.
Now, all my cool keyboards, all my new devils, evil human,
If you can, to the pu-can, songs that make you wanna throw up.
1046, 14 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Happy Tuesday from our new close personal friends at QAIM, if you have any.
That's right, we're all their close personal friends, aren't we?
Are they? Are we?
Even the big, oh!
The most overplayed song on a radio is or was, we have 127 votes.
You light up my life 28, Debbie Boone.
I wonder if she ever saw her daddy's boon in the box.
I was sure she did.
No, she probably saw it live.
Yik.
Taiy yellow ribbon around the old oak tree 23.
Oh boy, Tony Orlando and Dawn.
Born again, Tony Orlando, are we?
You ever see him and her older together? Same person. Good point.
The piano man 20 by the anxious obnoxious Billy Joel.
You don't like anybody, Neil?
Stay away to having 17.
I got you, babe, 14.
It's not I, if it's I got you, but that's okay.
You don't have to change your day.
I'm very busy. He's getting ready to do something tomorrow.
Do somebody.
I'd like to teach the world a sing, 11.
I'd like to teach the world a sing.
Oh.
You had to have lived during that era.
I don't know what year that was, but oh.
It was the 70s. I remember it was everywhere.
It was and in the coax spots on top of it.
They were they ran those like every five seconds.
There was another spot.
The rose for Muscat love for rambling man too.
I love that song.
Makes me think of that scene in the exorcist.
More than a feeling too.
Boston.
Listen, if you want to play that stuff, go ahead.
One of the great motion pictures of all time.
Unmasking the bull crap of the church.
But then again, we've had a lot of priest and a lot of those men.
What do you mean?
There were the heroes of the movie.
They were?
I know they had a problem with it.
But to Catholic church, there were the ones that saved the day.
Well, a Catholic church wasn't so crazy about that movie.
And they also, they also were not too crazy about the Godfather.
Yeah, yeah.
They don't like anything that doesn't come from them.
They don't like anything that exposes the truth about what a bunch of frauds and phonies they are.
You don't bring me flowers anymore too.
My heart will go on and light my fire between the two of them they've got nothing.
Zero.
They've got a point.
Oh, a lot of that going around these days.
I remember when people used to listen to the radio when radio was a useful thing.
People used to like fondle their radio and love it and cuddle up to it and get into bed and put it next to their head.
Not anymore.
Radio, what's that?
That AM, especially AM.
And FM's done too.
And Sirius XM is going to be done in a few months.
They're going to be Fennito.
Fennito, man.
Oh, you don't understand it.
And I know this misbeautant, I'll stop writing about the Sirius business.
Now that they're down to 11 cents, let me check the price right now.
It was up to 13 and then this morning it was down to 11.
Let's see if it's a good buying opportunity.
Sirius Stock.
Haven't heard from a re-a-b at this morning, especially now that the market is tanking again.
Let's see, 11 cents.
It's hanging right in there, baby.
A good, solid 11 cents.
If you've got a dime and a penny, you can buy a share of Sirius XM stock.
And you can shove it deep between your cheeks.
That's what it's worth.
You can wipe your ass with it.
David says, I'm probably going to be missing the boat with the most listeners,
but I got to go with, hey, y'all, by outcast.
What?
I remember back about five years ago, wherever you were in the US,
you were five minutes away from that GD song.
Back me up on this one, George, says David.
I don't think it's five years old and yet it's very...
Hey, y'all.
Yeah.
Yeah, common, but...
What about poker face, by what's your name?
By a mama or something?
No, that's not it.
Bababui.
What is your name again?
Can you make me find it?
I love that song.
You can't play that song too much.
That video, they can't show it too much, especially that hot guy there at the end.
I'll play it.
Looks like she's going to do something really erotic with him too.
And then, of course, they cut away and we don't want to see that.
Oh, here we go again from the fake Greg Budele, or maybe the real one, with no life.
What are you trying to tell us, Greg?
I have no life.
Let me know that.
Everybody still hates you, by the way, Greg.
Frank and Larry Mervers say hi.
Tom Jikers already contacted me about the WQM rumors.
Right, Greg.
Well, that's because a little time he's out of touch.
Lady Gaga.
First, he goes on the morning and rips me and asks there with his buddy Sid across the street.
Rips me and asks.
And then last week, he escrew the whole thing up on Dave Halberstam's book about the sports casters,
about network sports casters, and I got stuck it into it too, because I went along with a little time.
Poker faced by...
Give me a clue.
Lady.
Lady Gaga.
See? I know my crap.
I want to hold them like they do and take this name.
That could be the greatest song of all time.
I could be influenced by the video.
I'll confess.
It's pretty good.
And see that goes to Shoei.
That's like a current song.
That's a current hit.
I'm not totally out of touch.
That's the only one I could name for you.
That's what I'll tell you.
When we get in that car, I don't want to say somebody cranks up that radio.
Oh my God.
Loud music.
Loud.
The speakers are just jumping in the car.
Jumping.
Oh.
Hey guys, how about money?
If I hear that one more time, I'll go postal.
That's a good point.
Money.
I like it.
I like it.
But it's very overplayed.
What about money by Barrett Strong?
And what about money by the Beatles who...
Take a pick.
Stole it.
Stole it.
It's not the same song.
No.
And yes, the email is true.
A Cooker Ratch is interested, and interesting no matter what sleeves Miami's always involved.
Oh, it's a...
Oh, I see two separate points.
A Cooker Ratch is the hair on the back of the head of...
The lump.
And no matter what sleeves is going on, Miami's always in the middle of it.
That's right.
All the drugs, all the steroids, baby.
Raphael Palmero Jose Conzaco and now Payroyd.
PayFraud with his pink lipstick.
I don't just mean like, you know, like you have to imagine it.
I mean, it's just...
It's so obvious.
It would be like if he had another nose growing on the side of his face.
You know what I mean?
It's just...
It's not your imagination.
It is what it is.
I had argued with him.
Like Bubba would say it all depends on what is...
Oh, boy.
What a...
Well, they should have screwed him over.
Good.
And he's got the last laugh now, his wife and secretary of state.
He's going around the world speaking and making his audience a dollars.
Oh, here Kathy says, I don't know about his pink lips.
Maybe if something he caught from that slag, Madonna.
That could be it.
It might be an STD.
Maybe a Merlin Olson sent him an STD bouquet.
But it's confession of agreeing to take steroids because of all the pressure
to perform because of the millions of dollars he was being paid.
Tells me one thing.
The answer to this is, stop paying these jocks so much.
Well, that would be the answer except for the Damiankis, except for the Steinbrenners.
Don't get me wrong.
I think athletes deserve to make good money, especially since they have such a short-lived
career due to the stress and damage to their bodies.
I wonder about Luke Shen.
I wonder how much he's pulling down, so to speak.
Well, that kid is some kind of stud.
But you can see him play at the Immaculated Night, the Leafs and the Opanthers.
Leafs suck, by the way.
They did win in March, you all five to two-seered.
Any interest at all?
Oh.
The kind of money Rodriguez is making is way too much for somebody who something that produces
nothing useful to mankind that entertain them.
As for overplayed songs, this is probably just me and my generation.
But in my opinion, it would be, oh, no, do you feel like we do?
From Frampton Comes Alive?
It's do you feel like I do?
Not we do.
Isn't it?
Do you feel like I do?
Right.
I love that song.
I love Peter Frampton very, very, very much.
But that's true.
I like the sauna box in there.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, don't you love that?
Yep.
When I was in high school, you couldn't listen to the radio without being subjected to that.
Now, if I hear that coming on, I dive across the room to change the station.
Kathy dives across the room.
You can just envision it, can't you?
Yep.
If you know what that's existing, my runner-up is in the air tonight.
Again, living here during the Miami Vice period, that song makes me puke.
In the air tonight, I don't even know who that's what that song is.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I get spilkeys from Phil Collins.
Not that they didn't make some good music.
That isn't one of them, though.
Surprise that you don't have, don't worry, be happy already.
Oh, Kathy got in three here.
See, we asked for one, and she very cleverly sneaked in three.
Don't worry, be happy.
Remember that?
Channel four.
Which is now Channel six, but back in those days it was NBC four.
They do ad campaign based around that song.
Don't worry, remember?
Yep.
Be happy.
That's before they fired Bob Weaver and they screwed him over and he died.
You people are Channel four now, NBC six.
You ought to croak what you did to Bob Weaver.
You bastards.
Just like what this company did to Ken Maldon.
You'll see, he'll be dead soon.
He'll die someday, and then they'll say, oh gee, too bad that the Joe Bell screwed over Ken Maldon.
What a great guy he was, huh?
Yep.
You'll see me, you know me, married to a biatch.
Yep.
He says Brian Adams is a good Canadian singer.
Oh, wow.
Brian Adams is a good any singer?
Brian Adams blows.
Yeah, thank you.
Brian Adams sucks.
He's between him and Celine Dion.
I don't know which is the greater nationalist grace here.
Or Steven Harper, which is the greatest Canadian national disgrace.
Oh my God, Brian Adams.
Your taste is in your...
took us, my goi, as your friend.
The Vermont's just says the most overplayed song,
go your own way by Fleetwood Mac.
Okay.
I guess I never heard.
I mean, it's okay.
You know it.
It's a good song.
It's fine.
It ain't a contender, but I'll put it on there anyway.
Put it on there anyway.
Listen, let's have a list of 50th, because that's the pool, isn't it?
Name a song?
Oh, Neil!
This is the Neal Rogers show.
You're... you're... you're failing.
Just as you brain.
Walk... walk... walk...
any question?
Root.
Root.
Keropper, Texas is a place to be,
in brush, clear and in the lab,
per me, under the secret service, watch, well, ah!
Yeah, do you see, just give me that starfield sky.
No, Dallas is where I'd rather be redecorated serving tea.
A posh new neighborhood would be my pick.
Georgia, I love you but I'm not living in this disc.
The Chores.
The Stores.
Fisher.
It's not fair.
You are my wife.
I hate ranch life.
Brother Texas, we are there.
All right, let me know 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
See, we're done with that hour.
Schmidt can that page.
Greg beat Ellis back again.
I'm sure it's the real Greg.
Not.
What do you think about the Q56 oldies format?
Would love to use the old WQAM jingles.
Word is your show would remain along with the sports on the weekend.
Have you heard anything about afternoon drive?
Jicca mentioned Johnny Dark.
This is Greg, the fake Greg.
Hey, listen, if the fake Greg is the emailing Johnny Dark or Tom Jicca,
I'll probably get some reply about that from Little Tommy.
Although I doubted after he was on the Arripping Me in Asia that he'd be behind my back.
Although, I don't know, maybe somebody just made that up to just like they made up the thing about Ron and Paul using.
Go ahead, go ahead.
That turned out to be a lie.
Go ahead!
Yeah, lie.
They didn't play it.
Just like I'm sure Tom Jicca wasn't on there with Sid ripping me an ass on the air.
And talking about how he's old and stale and rotten and a miserable old Jew bastard.
I don't think Little Tommy really said that.
Although he might have.
You never know.
He tends to be kind of a front runner.
And of course, Sid being from New York, you know, said New York thing.
All those New Yorkers stick together.
If it's from New York, it had to be great unless it was Mel Allen.
And he was from Alabama anyway.
And he was gay.
Well, I said.
I have both the worst and most overplayed song ever says Duce Nozzel Chris.
Aiki Breakey Hart by Billy Ray Cyrus.
Hey, man.
Let me get that on there fast.
I got the winner though on here.
Somewhere, I'll get to it.
I forgot what it was, but I'll get to it.
It's the winner.
Where is it?
Flea nominates Margaret Readerville by Jimmy Buffett.
Okay.
I don't know if that's the real Flea.
It doesn't look like a lead dot Feldman.
I don't know.
Yes.
It is?
That's the real Lee.
Oh, here it is.
Here's the winner.
Macarena.
No?
Yes.
Sorry, I'm over here typed in.
Paul says quite possibly the worst most popular song in history.
Macarena.
And he's got it spelled Maserina.
Oh.
Woo!
He spells it right the second time of the first time.
He spells it Maserina.
Maserina.
Come on down to the Maserina and enjoy the game.
I know the song isn't played much at all anymore, but when it was popular in the mid-90s,
you couldn't get away from it.
Every time I heard that song, I felt as if I were being sotomized.
Hey, Macarena, especially in South Florida.
Oh my God.
I'm sure we've got like whole, yeah.
This is Neve.
From these discount productions.
Yes, potential car thieves, be on notice.
You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal.
Here's where I've got 8 million, well, if we stayed until midnight, I couldn't read all the emails.
We got already just by now.
And by the way, the fake record you'd know,
I'll go find something else to do.
We'll play a Russian Roulette or something.
Go sit around with Tom Jikkin, play Russian Roulette
with all loaded barrels.
Or just rule off the barrel.
Dear Neil, if you're considering any additions to the poll,
please put sweet Alabama on.
If you're considering any additions,
what do you think we're doing here, man?
We're poll building.
Poll building is fine.
Well, too bad.
That song was played into the ground.
I still get crazy when I hear today's his Gary at Home
Stead.
Sweet home.
I like that song a lot though.
But he's got a good point.
And here comes one of my favorites.
One of my all-time favorite emails.
You want to hear it?
Please.
Frank says, I think you're asking the wrong question.
It doesn't matter.
The question should be which artist is overplayed.
As for which song, the question should be,
no, that's not the question what you make it up to be Frank.
I hate to break the news to you.
Whoever sent that poll in, their poll question,
what was the most overplayed song of all time?
Not which artist is most overplayed.
The question should be this and the question,
oh, these people need to be horsewipped.
As for which song, anything by Pearl Jamner,
Van Achilli, Peppers, and Led Zeppelin.
And anything by any of them.
Great email, Frank.
One of the all-time worst.
Put that in my pile.
That's earlier from somebody.
Anything by and I just threw it right away.
Really?
Yeah.
Anything by so and so.
Yeah.
Let me read the question again.
It's exactly as it does as a presenter.
Read it 100 times.
It's not the matter.
The most overplayed song on the radio is or was blank.
Not groups you don't like.
Not songs you hate like poison.
And let me tell you,
Oishmojiu who ordinarily sends some,
you know, some furly, he sent pages of crap.
The 50,000 most overplayed songs of all time.
Freebird, we in on.
Stay away from heaven.
I will always love you.
Losing my religion.
Still having fun what I'm looking for.
Love shack.
Oh, won't back down jump.
Walk this way.
Worn to be wild, white rabbit, Frankenstein.
And it goes on and on and on and on and on.
It's from like an online chat site here.
People sharing their, oh, Oishmojiu is right.
Go eat some stale halivon.
Get away from me.
How many pages of this crap?
Five pages of this swill.
You ready for that?
I'm sure not.
Five pages of this crap from Oishmojiu.
And then it's got a bunch of silly things.
I couldn't feel any better or I'd be sick, Dean Martin.
Mickey, it's just in coherent crap.
You know, you'd have to see it
and you don't want to believe me.
Okay, you don't want it.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I just threw it on the floor.
Go ahead.
House of the Rising Sun says of Bos floor.
That this was the biggest in the 60s.
Well, that's because that's when it came out.
That's generally when songs get overplayed
is when they are released.
Somebody decides that they like it or they're popular.
They want to hype it.
Maybe somebody's getting a smeared a little under the table
to hype it.
Really?
Let's bring back Payola, baby.
Let's bring back Peter Trepp, the curly-headed kid
in the third row on WMGM in New York.
Those are the days, Payola.
Oh, Mama B's got a thing about minor files
lost it against Brunetti.
Good. Good.
Not a minor, but a guy named Halsey minor.
Fouls lost it against highly apart John Brunetti
in the city of Hyalya and hopes of purchasing
and reopening the historic South Florida track.
Last year, minor was negotiating with Brunetti
to buy Hyalya, which has fallen into this repair
since last held live racing in 2001.
Those negotiations eventually broke down
and minor has turned to the courts
and have bid to purchase and renovate the 206 acre property
that's listed on the National Register of Historic Places
as an official sanctuary for the American flamingos
that help make the track famous.
Have you ever seen the flamingos at Hyalya?
No.
Well, why not?
On TV.
The goal of the lawsuit is to determine the right
for loan or of Hyalya according to a press release
from minor's not for profit organization,
save Hyalya Racing Inc.
Brunetti's own Hyalya since 77,
minor's lawsuits suggest Brunetti only operates Hyalya
as a less C and Brunetti may be in default.
The time has come to restore Hyalya
apart by preserving its historic buildings
and re-instituting through by racing on its track
for the benefit of the citizens of Hyalya
and the rest of Florida,
as well as the millions of annual visitors
minor stated in the press release.
Minor 44 is a technology entrepreneur and founder
of CNET, the online technology publication
and web portal that he sold a CBS for $1.8 billion.
Minor owns historic Carter's Grove Plantation
in Williamsburg, Virginia,
where a stir-up of an operation is based.
How do you like that?
John Brunetti's getting sued.
I love it.
It makes my day.
The worst song by far, or the worst song.
Here we go.
Not the most overplayed song,
the worst song by far is Who Let The Dogs Out?
Bless, it said.
Another idiotic email.
The poll doesn't ask what's the worst song ever.
You jackass, you simple.
Adam SF, get a live Adam, get some help.
Go get yourself some professional help.
Alex says, seasons in the sun, enough said.
Yeah, there is a couple said that.
You want to put it on your tear jacks.
See, that's maybe not the most overplayed,
the most annoying song.
That would be good for that poll.
Yeah.
What's the most annoying song you ever heard
and if you ever heard again, you'll kill somebody.
Terry Jacks, seasons in the sun.
Oh God.
Speaking of seasons, it's gonna be like 50 degrees here today
in 52 Manana.
Then it's gonna get freezing again,
but how do you like that for a little taste of spring?
All right.
Raining, gonna wash away all that snow,
that ice that mung spring is on.
See, I don't know about you,
but the change of seasons is,
it's a wonderful thing when winter ends.
You know what I mean by that?
I do.
I'm very well.
Oh, I missed the change of season.
Belona, you don't miss the change of season
when it changes from fall to winter.
Right.
Which this year, it didn't change from fall to winter.
Change from summer to winter.
Fall back, spring ahead.
Spring back.
How's echo?
Spring ahead.
Spring ahead.
Fall back.
Fall on your fat ass, jolly.
Joe, he already did.
He already fell on his big ass.
Every time the numbers come out,
he falls on his fat ass.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
what do you think we can do now
that we destroyed your show, Neil?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
I keep thinking about that phone meeting we had,
that conference call.
Yeah.
I mean, was he really serious?
Or was that just like a slap in the face?
Now that we've allowed Joyce to screw up,
to screw everything with your show
and then just nail it to the wall,
what do you think we ought to do now?
I don't know.
I got a suggestion for jolly, Joe.
You know what it is?
What?
Retire.
That certainly would be a step in the right direction.
Retire.
Maybe you can run,
maybe you can look with Greg Budell.
Oh, my God.
Oh, bomb a man, a bomb a man.
He's the one who said, yes, we can.
Bringing home, bringing change.
Big ole ears, kind of strange, he's here.
He is a bomb a man.
It's a cool, listen, dude.
When he speaks, he's really smooth.
They say, he'll stay today.
And he shoots the upside-j.
Hey, love, there goes a bomb a man.
The economy is a mess.
And folks, do we know the plus?
Yes, the world is a rep.
But we love his hot packs.
A bomb a man, a bomb a man.
Carries mad at the bomb a man.
He's the new president.
I hope we don't regret because
everything is so messed up.
We hope he doesn't screw up.
He is a bomb a man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
1118 at 560 WQIM.
Tim and Miami says,
please forgive me if this has already been nominated.
Don't worry, be happy.
Yes, it has.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Oh, boy.
Who did that?
Bobby McFerron.
Wow.
What a memory for crap.
I may end up voting for another,
but it seemed to play constantly back in the day.
That's correct.
Best of luck with the printer facts.
I don't know why they make it so difficult,
but they used to sell printer separately
from the printer cable.
Go figure.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
They used to sell printers separately from the printer cable?
I don't know.
Another Miami connection to steroids, Tim says.
Pudge Rodriguez.
How much weight did he lose between seasons
when he left the Marlins and signed with Detroit?
About 100 pounds.
Pink lipstick.
Remember the various shades of makeup they tried
with Dwight Lauderdale?
Sometimes he looked like a clown.
If they could have gotten an ambitious to wear some makeup,
imagine the ratings they would have gotten.
Thanks for a great show.
Maybe Ann Bishops set the way for Roachle's name.
Rachel Maddo.
Pasty Dyke.
It's in, I guess, being a pasty Dyke.
Ellen, she's pasty Dyke.
Yeah.
Rachel, they don't come to past you then Rachel.
Oh, there you go.
Pick it on poor Rachel again.
She's so great.
Yeah.
Adam is back again.
The one that's someone that has horrible emails before.
Feelings, he says.
Yes.
By Morris Albert.
What was it?
Albert.
Wasn't it?
Yes.
Morris DeCat.
You know, Morris DeCat from the commercial,
did I ever tell you my old friend Larry Box and Miami wound up
with that cat, the actual cat from the commercials.
Mean and nasty rotten cat.
Boo.
Did I ever tell you that?
Nope.
See, there you go after all these years, you finally learned something new from me.
Wow.
Bob B says, well, you don't care about Morris, I guess.
Nope.
Because you don't remember those spots, Morris DeCat.
I do, of course I do.
Do you remember when I was a little kid, yeah.
Nasty kitty cat.
Of course they're, you know, cats are rotten anyway.
All you people with cats out there, I have no idea what you're thinking about.
There's nothing like a nice little dog.
They had the dog show last night, I watched about 40 seconds of that.
Yeah, the family was watching that.
Westminster, or did they?
Yeah, the women in the house.
I see.
I won't watch that.
You know, I'm a big dog lover, but the dogs that they bring out, they had the bulldog on there.
Oh.
Well, why did they keep breeding animals that look like that, you know?
Of course I can look in the mirror and ask the same question, but.
Especially when I had that big shock of hair on the back.
Well, that shocked me when I saw that picture.
I just about fell on the floor.
I thought, are you kidding me?
Is that a stump phone or something or what?
A big clump.
How can I do that?
It was a mistake.
It was, I was careless.
Yeah.
You can't afford to be careless and walk out of the house looking like that.
That should be the biggest mistake you make all day.
That should be the biggest mistake I make at any point in my life.
You're right.
My mother used to say, should be your worst problem.
And of course she was.
Bob Bees says, this is a long overdue pool.
Wow.
How about adding CCR's proud Mary?
I go aim into that.
All right.
PD Bulger and those Zeta days.
It says, I know your old station Zeta played the Schmidt out of it.
Love John Fogarty, but enough is enough.
I'm your friend, Bob Bee.
Proud Mary by CCR.
We're not putting the artist on there, which is good.
It's enough for poor little George.
You got to put all these eight million right.
Names on the list.
Oh, and also.
I had an email with him.
Sure is at the bottom of the pile because I have these in reverse order when they came in.
Somebody reminded me of where they go.
Where that came from.
Yeah.
What do you write it had to do with Kathy Willett's?
Oh, I find it on the.
We talked about it on the.
I know we talked about it, but it was more specific.
I see.
You think I can find it?
I don't know.
Where's the list email?
Oh, got so many.
And see, I do this wrong.
Because I have my pile here and what I do is the newest ones that come in go on top.
So the ones that came in ages ago, even yesterday, they go all the way to the bottom.
They're on pins and needles on the.
In to hear themselves recognized.
Oh, I do like this one.
No, this is one of my favorite emails of all time before I get to the other thing.
This is excellent.
From Ben Schmiegel subject to pig Roger show.
I think I've emailed the complaint about Niels eating before, but on Friday hearing Niel eat into the microphone was sick.
I think it was Chinese food and Niel was making smacking sounds that sounded grotesque to turn off the radio for a while.
As someone who went to etiquette school, it sickens me.
He went to etiquette school.
I can say this to you.
You fairy.
You can always tell what kind of person is by how they eat.
Niel eating on the air revealed a lot to me.
See, here's somebody with total lack of any sense of humor.
Unless, of course, this is make believe by John Z. T. R. probably.
You probably eat with your elbows on the table and use your fingers to push food into the fork while wiping your mouth with the tablecloth or your own hands.
This isn't proper and it wouldn't bother me, but it did.
I couldn't get that grotesque sound off my mind.
So I felt I had to write in.
This is John Z. T. R. Please take this advice to heart.
If you can impress someone with your eating skills, you can win them over in every other aspect.
Not that it matters at your old age. That's right.
Screw you. Ben.
Anyway, take care, Uncle Niel. Your show is great, so please less eating and more show.
That's my response to you. And that's straight from etiquette school, too.
They teach you how to do a real good raspberry etiquette school.
Trust me. Ben.
Anyway, getting back to the poll and the eight million.
I knew this would happen and that's good.
Helps us mail it in today.
We sure is how needed day to help mailing it in. No, no way.
Right.
George won't be here on Friday, so we'll have flea.
Right. They'll be flea mailing it in.
That's right. And then we got the O. Alice Rantel.
Is our friend Sandy still on the air somewhere?
I missed the WNWS days. I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
She says Alice Rantel, the fake one.
No, Sandy's not on the air. She looked with the ambitious body.
Na na na na na. Hey, hey, goodbye.
Somebody says for the poll by steam, right?
Correct.
Are we putting that out there?
I'm coming back under my own steam.
That Damon says that and tell the Mr. Ripley, you know.
He's telling the two law about how he's going to come back under his own steam.
That's when they were out in the boat, you know.
Right.
The boat, the boat of them were out there in the boat.
And Matt got into a little kind of a hissy thing.
It goes to show you just because someone's a flaming queen like Matt Damon portrayed in the movie.
And I'm not sure he was acting.
Don't take it for granted. They couldn't get a little violent, you know.
Screamer. Are you putting one on there?
Na na na na. Hey, hey, kiss it. Kiss it now.
Jack and Port St. Lucy says, go ahead. How about Freiberd? I hated.
The poll question isn't a song you hate.
What song you hate the worst?
They're going to answer the question they want to answer, Mr.
Well, screw them. Screw them if they don't want to answer the question,
we're asking them just just move on. Move along to hell with their stupid ass email.
The fake Paris Hilton who's been sending several emails this morning, all idiotic.
The most overplayed song is Disturbia by that bitch, Rihanna.
I'm so glad Chris Brown smacked her in the face again.
I think I'm pretty anyway. Right, George says Paris Hilton. No.
One less bitch. I have to worry about Kim Kardashian.
You're next, honey. Ho the fake Paris Hilton. Well, at least we got some new
fakers today.
Flea. You didn't have to send it twice. Flea once was more than enough.
Whitney Houston. I will always love you. I want to drink a quarter of
Drain or just thinking about that song says somebody, some guy.
You got it? Are you are you writing all and putting them all these down?
Some of them. Yeah, whatever he feels like 249 vote.
By the end of the, that's our goal today is to have like 4,000 songs by the end of the show today.
So name us.
Sports, we're radio is what the Q4 is you.
Today on TMZ Angelina, you're on the cover of W Magazine,
breastfeeding your twins. And your breastfeeding now, is he?
Yes, it's my job. Your job? Your breastfeeding not only your new
twins, you're nursing all six of your kids, including the seven-year-old.
I'm sure he's so good. It's yummy. That's weird. It's also smart.
Wait a minute. That's the neighbor's kid. But no child left behind means no child.
He's 15 years old. Get out of here. You little prick.
I'm sorry, man. I'm pretty drunk.
Speaking of a lot of kids that bitch with the 14 kids, why don't they just
electrocute her? Sure. Any other kids with her?
She's unemployed. She's like unmarried. She's got no income and she's got 14 kids.
For sure those are fake lips. I think she's a prostitute. That's just like yes.
No, she's got the pudge here. We can know not pudge.
A rod, a fraud. I see. A fraud lips.
And what do you say?
Portgas on them all and set them on fire. That's a great idea.
Have a bonfire.
Here's the way the pool is shaping up so far. 221 votes. The most overplayed song on the radio is or was.
You light up my life, 37th stairway to heaven, 35th. We got a good three-way battle going on.
Taya yellow ribbon around the ol' oak tree to 31.
Piano man, 26th. I got you, babe, 16th.
I'd like to teach the world a sing 14th. Mac or rain at 11th. Everybody else is in single digits.
No votes yet for seasons in the sun. Feelings.
Proud Mary, I will always love you. House of the rising sun or money.
Money. Money. We want a whole bag of money. That's what we want.
Big old bag of money.
Keats says, please have green day. I hope you had the time of your life.
This song was played over and over. It was on the final episode of every show there for a while.
Well, what does that mean? The final episode of every show. What does that mean?
I don't know, the final episode.
PS, cats are much never-than-dogs. Much never.
I'm sure they met nicer. What's this green day song they want on here?
I hope you had the time of your life. You're going to put that on there?
No. No. Cats are much never-than-dogs. That's right.
Never forget that. Well, I'll figure somebody would write something like that.
You know, as a cat lover. Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Yeah. Phil Arches back. How do you like that?
And by the way, the Rangers are really stinking the joint out. Aren't they?
Wow. Rangers? I don't hear from that guy anymore. Of course, we're not taking any calls, but nevertheless.
Rangers. They've started now. They're dropping. Got shot out by Jersey last night. They lose every day.
They're dropping through the pack. Like a falling rock.
Phil Arches, Tom didn't say anything of the sort in Rosenberg show.
He was just gloating about hosting events and participating in a Howard show in the IMA show
while also interviewing White House correspondents. According to him, no one had such a variety of topics.
I see. At the next huge meeting with the Q&B brass day,
ask, how can we improve your show kneel? Just say this to humor yourself, George or me.
Install a text messaging machine or number. It will provide you concise and immediate feedback.
No stupid calls. The text messages by design have to be shorter and we're not by our computers all the time.
Oh, I see. Well, evidently, you got more than enough time to be by your computer, Phil.
J and the Americans, this magic moment most overplayed. Ever listen to magic enough said.
That's one of my favorite songs of all time. J and the Americans. This magic, I love that song. Don't you?
I like it. I like it. I like it. Fine.
Then, of course, continue. I love it. Continue to be the jackass that this phony
Phil is. Stephen Harper may have different views than you espoused, but he had to admit he's raised the profile of the Canadian Prime Minister.
When was the last time anyone in the US ever even knew the name of Canadian PM?
And they still don't. They would know Stephen Harper from Terry Harper from the old Montreal Canadians.
So when the NEC is leafs up, go Montreal. Well, how to work out Saturday night in Montreal, huh? Phil, Toronto 5 Montreal 2.
With that kid, the Kerry price, it couldn't stop up. Holy well, he makes Vesta Tasta look like Jacques Plant.
Go Montreal, my ass.
New York City Dave says, how about American pie by Don McLean? How about it? How about a little slice?
And then speaking of hockey, what's with these people hockey intensive? Don't they understand nobody in this audience cares about it?
Looks like Sean Avery's headed back to the ranges. Think he'll get the team back in their winning ways.
Absolutely not a disgrace. This grace fits right in like a rubber glove.
Speaking of winning ways, good luck at Woodbunce's New York City Dave, who's beyond chronic way beyond chronic.
Professor Dr. Henry Finkelstein, whose old email is in the pile here somewhere. I'm maybe I'll get to it maybe not.
I've got about 600 emails. He says, how about hero by Enrique Glacius was way overplayed.
Hope you can read my long email. Sorry, I thought I had to get some stuff off my chest. Thank you, Professor Dr. Fake Henry, okay, Finkelstein.
All the fakers all the time. And you know what George says? All the email is they're all fake. Maybe two or three real ones.
And that's right. Rich Pactors, real. He's on there. Yes, he is. He's got something to that.
Forget what is Kenny Gramers, real. He says, welcome to the jungle by Guns and Roses living on a prayer by Bon Jovi.
He lists two. Now, wouldn't you think Kenny would know better than that?
I'm not name a couple or name a few. It's what's the most overplayed song. Not a couple or a few. God.
That's bad coming from Kenny from a guy like that who's supposed to know something about this business.
Supposed to be the operative term. He worked at IOD. So right. Like God, he's been on the fringe of broadcasting for a long time.
Joe says this won't win the pool. But I remember about 1980 after hearing my sure owner by the knacker a couple of times.
It got all real fast. And of course the radio stations kept playing it over and over. And to this day, that's how it's done with any hit.
Even if I like the band, if a song, there's makes it under the radio, I turn it off immediately radio sucks.
The only radio I listen to is 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. your show. The old stuff you have from cracker was the best is Joe.
Here's Rich Pacto who says free burger, whereas they say in Tamarack, freed bird. Oi.
Oi. Free bird. You want to put that on there or not? It's up to you. Sure. It's your call. Your computer is ill.
I'm on. It's got issues. How is it reacting now? It's still broken. I'm doing everything in a row.
What is it not doing? Okay. Nothing I want. So I'm doing everything in a roundabout sort of way. Wow. Yeah. The roundabouts. Yes.
And it's working after a fashion. Well, I'll be dead. Wouldn't wouldn't you know that's our luck on a day when we're going to have like 6000 choices on the pool.
Right. Our stinking luck. Steve says the worst most overplayed song is Felice Navidad. Don't put it on there because it never gets played other than holiday time where all the holiday songs get overplayed. Right.
That's right. They all get overplayed like even little St. Nick, which by the Beach Boys is a great song. But you wouldn't put that on there because it only gets played at Christmas time.
When the glamour I do in dangling all their stuff. What the hell was that? What it was a sound. I said there it goes again. It's the end of the world. Go ahead.
Grace says how about do you fill me a buttercup every time you put on all these stations playing says gray. Fill me up buttercup on a yellow label. But I forget who sang it.
I can't even think of it. I know the song. Fill me a buttercup by the somebody. I don't know. That's not something that I can find right now. What do you mean? Oh, I can find it in the book.
Oh, God. When you get to be this old man, you shouldn't have to be picking up a 500 pound book. This billboard book.
First time love. Nothing. That's another chance. That's not the name of the song. Fill me up buttercup. No, it's not. What's the name of the song? I don't know. Maybe that's what we can't find it. Oh.
Why don't you why won't you. Why? Why? Why do lovers break each other's hearts by Bobby socks in the blue jeans? Wow. I don't know what it's called. Somebody will somebody will send me an email or not. And you know what life will go on. Just.
Kenny says for the poll, let's give them something to talk about. What's that? Body rate. Oh, I think it says if you're still trying to think of a great Canadian musician, I bought Neil Young speaking of Canada. I made my first trip to Toronto last May. Didn't get to explore the city nearly enough. I hope I get to make it back sometime seem like a great place. Love you, Uncle Neil Kenny. It is a great place. Not perfect. It's got horrible weather in the winter time. This year anyway. This is the worst winter I can recall in a long time. I think I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get to the city. I'm going to be able to get
to an ice. Young playing conocege in true candidates like fans worldwide and fenders of YouTube fans worldwide. freshman ladies and gentleers. out in thefighting drill. Each fall in your
games are shaking their eyes. When this hits you they turn you begin to use as the
ao zeros during any of the
I'm not going to be able to.
Now is this from the real flea or what?
I added margarita bill.
Oh did you?
Okay.
Well he just wants to make sure.
Like yours, Tudler, he can't stand Jimmy Buffett.
I don't know what the thing is with Jimmy Buffett.
What is that?
What?
I see Burger and Paradise all over the corner.
I have no problem with Jimmy.
Red Necky, you what?
I have no problem with Jimmy Buffett.
Well I got a real problem with Jimmy.
Oh, me!
Neon God.
Oh right.
Never watched his hair or seem to have a care, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe.
White Ben drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe.
Nirvana was hot, and now it's Kurt they ain't got, Kobe.
Yeah, we know it's built me a buttercup by the foundations, because 400 emails.
He got high sick, goodbye, then he died, Kobe.
I'm dying on the head.
Absolute.
Made a million an hour, never took a shower, Kobe.
You fell.
He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mach Pit, Kobe.
He killed me, Elvis the King, and say grunge was my thing, Kobe.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe.
He got high sick, goodbye, then he died, Kobe.
If there's anything you do before you die, you got to see that movie about Kurt Kobe.
No, no, it'll make me want to die.
Not if I see it on your deathbed, you won't feel so bad about that.
What that was in the name of that?
I don't know.
Oh, that was like that word.
I purged it for the worst movies of all time.
And with these long, long shots of the part of that house.
I mean, just a whole lot of nothing going on.
Yeah, that's right. There was nothing going on.
But nevertheless, if you really board sometime and you want to see what a bad movie is really all about,
well, somebody will send the name in.
We had about 6,000 people tell me including Andrew from Richmond Hill.
People often get the lyrics wrong.
It's build me up buttercup by the foundation.
Right.
Not fill me up like a gas tank, you know.
Not to be confused with the other Andrew, who's a total douche, says Andrew and Richmond Hill.
Richmond Hill is up to street quite a ways.
It's up north, up Yonder there.
It's up there.
Daisy says, which Morris?
There have been at least six cats named Morris.
Well, how do I know, Daisy?
Which Morris?
Oh, the world has got such a source and Daisy wants to know which Morris.
Maybe it was Dick Morris.
Have you seen the dogs?
Some people are trying to pass off to Barack Obama.
How the hell does a toothless dog eat or does the vet have to fit these breeds with canine dentures?
Cute little dog.
Its ears are too big though.
So I'm thinking about tiny.
He did not have big ears.
His ears were, you know, in proportion to his head.
This little dog's got big ears.
Kind of like the president.
Yeah.
Since I suppose this breed would solve the allergy problem, being toothless solves the problem of biting news reporters is Daisy.
The Peruvians have a puppy for the Obama's.
The National Dog fits the hyper-allergenic job description of Obama's written for the first puppy.
May not fit the mind picture of the young Malia and Sasha.
Malia is that her name?
Malia.
Malia and Sasha, the first dog have of their first puppy.
However, it is heralous.
Did they have one of these at the dog show last night?
Since he were forced to watch it?
No, no, no.
I didn't watch it.
I said they were watching it.
I left the room.
Oh, good for you.
I had it on for about 40 seconds.
And they had that nasty drooling bulldog on it.
Why do people think that bulldogs are beautiful or great animals around us?
No, the factory, you know.
Jesus, God, it made me think of Josh Friedman.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
Bulldogs.
And I didn't see any pit bulls, though.
I guess they probably wouldn't let them bring them out.
I don't know.
I guess not.
And I didn't watch long enough to see any dog squat and do a joist there on the other.
I don't think pit bulls are a pure breed for them to qualify for.
What does that mean?
They're a next breed.
You pick it on the Chinese month again?
What?
I just love that word, Chinese month.
Somebody can send in another fake email or a fax and say, oh, Paul and Ron were calling people Chinese month this morning.
Just a bunch of old John Provocatourum out there.
Troublemakers, professional people with no lives.
Like the people in the condos, you know, the condo commando.
Oh, yeah.
They like to read everybody else's mail.
Real Yentos.
That's what we have in this market.
Yentos.
Oh, you hear what so and so said about you.
Yeah.
Right.
The Peruvian hairless dog, a bald and often toothless breed that's won the heart of Inke King's Inke Dinka Do.
Remember Jimmy Duranty?
Inke Dinka Do.
I wonder if Inke had a dinka.
Is Peruvian's offering for President-elect Barack Obama's worldwide search for the perfect dog?
Perfect dog.
How can there be a perfect dog?
I mean, tiny was, you know, cute little dog, but not perfect, man.
A lot of noise.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Every 40 seconds, you have to go out.
Every 40 seconds.
Wow.
And then you go out for like a half an hour and doodle around the yard and then come in and pee in the carpet.
You know, I mean, what is that?
It's what dogs.
What is that all about?
If I walked around the house for half an hour and then walked outside and peed in the lawn, I just, I don't think I would do it.
Why not?
Well, it'd be good for, you know, growing good grass.
If anybody likes good grass.
I want to say the breed which traces its origins three thousand years ago.
A piker perhaps by Greyhound standards is perfect for kids who are sensitive to dogs.
I wonder if the old Egyptian rulers had Greyhound racing.
You think they had dog tracks back then?
Maybe.
They had like, like they do in Mexico.
I'm sure now they had mule races.
Yeah.
Burrows.
They don't cause any type of allergy to very friendly and sweet, according to Claudia Galvez, director of the Friends of the Peruvian Hairless Dog Association.
We want to give a male puppy to Obama's daughters, he says, so they experience all the joys of having a dog but without any allergies.
Apparently, the above average body temperature these pets compensates for their lack of a coat, which also spurs onus for many symptoms of asthma.
Galvez has a four-month-old pedigree puppy ready for delivery.
Its name is Ears, which apparently is one of the few features the breed does have.
Big ears.
Big old ears.
But if the Obama's accepted, they're suggesting a new name, Machu Picchu.
Machu Picchu.
Not a great name for a dog.
Not a...
I mean, what kind of a name is that for a dog?
Machu Picchu?
That very clever.
You got Pikachu.
What's that under?
Peca.
Peca?
Peca?
Take a peek at this.
P-I-K.
Uh...
Pee-Nee enhanced it.
Well, I'm not going to look for it.
Okay, so there you go, there you go.
This is an old article, obviously.
So did they actually take that dog or what?
I'm not really big on the presidential dog in that whole deal.
Who gives a rat-sass?
That's right, that's right.
Or the presidential rats.
I'm sure that Dick Cheney had some rats.
That's what Chris Matthew says.
Let me tell you what he called...
Let me tell you what he called the vice president.
Get hit!
Dick Cheney.
Why he said that?
I don't know.
He's got all these strange affectations, Chris Matthews.
He's just a goofball.
If you look up a goofball, you'll see his picture next to it.
Robert Smith says,
How about Eric Clapton's live version of cocaine?
Oh, that's why I played that.
If you listen to FM Rock Radio back in the early 80s,
you couldn't escape the song no matter how hard you tried.
Not to mention the fact they went on and on.
I couldn't die fast enough to switch the station
to my car radio whenever it came on.
Cocaine.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
You got it?
Got it.
By the way, did that kid still die?
That little kid that jumped out the window?
Yeah.
Now did he jump out the window?
He fell out the window.
It was planned.
He nobody was in the room at the time, which was a nanny.
That wasn't the problem.
You see, that's what he was.
Maybe he should have had a male nanny like John Walsh.
You should have had a male nanny like John Revolver.
By the way, I'm not taking that picture down.
The picture will stay up there as long as we wanted to,
which, you know, it's only been up there a couple of weeks.
But, Ali, there's some people out there bothered
by the picture of John Revolver,
to kissing his male nanny on the lips.
You know, the male nanny for the kid that's now dead.
Everybody's a parent, just like that bitch with a 14 kids.
And even the mother is ripping her an ass.
Did you hear the interview with her?
No.
About how she's full of crap, and she lies,
and she has no income, and she can't...
She couldn't support one kid much less 14,
and yada yada yada.
And this is like not having babies.
This is like having a litter, speaking of puppies.
Having a litter.
Mm-hmm.
What do we do with them?
I'm sure the Pope approves it.
I bet she's in his hell.
She's a good cat lick.
The Pope would like every cat lick to make 14 babies.
And by the way, Pops, you know, that stuff that's going on
in the rectumries, they don't make babies like that.
Similar, but not a match, and the board goes back.
Williams says, many new audience will never ever
even heard of this song.
Oh, I did.
But for those of us who grew up back in the day,
the one song that was played so much that all of these records
eventually just melted was,
Billy, don't be a hero.
Oh, enough to make me vomit.
Vomit vomit up meals from back in my Kalamazoo days 100 years ago.
Why sure ate good in that town?
Boy, they have good restaurants there.
Really good restaurants.
Good food.
You know, when I had, I had a corporate, I was the GM of the station.
And I had a corporate American Express card with 10 grand credit line.
So my sales manager and I, Ivan Sisko,
we would go and eat in all these really great restaurants.
All the time.
Well, that helped keep my girth way up there, you know,
240, 240, 45, whatever.
Mm-hmm.
Good restaurants.
And also, Shaky's Pizza, which isn't a good restaurant,
but it was a great pizza joint.
I'm really, oh, and here's one from Steve.
Haven't been listening a lot recently due to work.
What happened to Ken Maldon?
Screwed.
He got screwed and did it.
That's what happened to Ken Maldon.
He got fired and did it.
As part of the cost-cutting campaign at QAM,
they eliminated the afternoon update guys,
because obviously nothing is going on in the afternoon in sports.
Right.
And so therefore, they screwed Ken Maldon.
They fired his ass, unceremoniously.
And in spite of what the Humper thinks,
see, Humper thinks that he can call clearance
and clearance is going to do his bidding.
Yeah.
Because when Hank and I had dinner that night at the woodbine,
he's telling me, oh, well, I called the clearance
and I really let him have it and told him,
and he's telling me that they're going to give him some weekend work.
His Ken back on the thing on the weekends?
No.
See, Humper, I know that you think that you've got tremendous club.
But when it comes to this company,
number one, you don't work here anymore.
And number two, they couldn't give a flying crap what you have to say.
Or what I have to say.
And I still work here.
Let's have another one of those conference calls.
Let's do this often.
And we can sit around and laugh how Joyce ruined the show.
We'll begin.
Great idea, Jill.
Where are it?
It beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQAM.
Faster than a touch-tone phone.
Louder than a pneumatic drill.
Able to side step reality in a single bound.
Look, they're on the phone.
It's a rambled mousse.
It's a brain jackass.
He's the only raised people.
No, it's Yinta man.
Yes, it's Yinta man.
Strange visitor from another market
with a phone growing out of his head.
A great warning is going to do warnings on she.
What do you think?
Yinta man.
With a bizarre compulsion to pass along Radio Gossip.
They thought it was an eclipse of the sun,
but it turned out to be Debbie Ellis.
Unbeatable.
Yinta man, who can change the course of any discussion.
Dial two telephones with one hand.
And who disguised as Lee Howler,
Bill Mennard Tuckos for a semi-professional radio station,
fights a never-ending battle for rumor,
in Yuendo, and Arbitron advances.
Yeah, Neil is leaving Miami to buy a station in Lakeland.
Do you believe that guy?
Oh, yeah, that's by request by the fake-dewar Reynolds.
Okay, maybe the fake-dewar Reynolds is Jim Skyler.
You think?
No.
But why not?
I don't know.
You don't know where Jim Skyler is.
I keep asking that every day.
Where is Jim Skyler?
I say Jupiter West Palm.
That's the last I heard.
I say that, everything.
He's on Jupiter?
Sure.
Well, it's the name of the thing on Uranus.
Anyway, the fake-dewar says ACDC and back in black.
I don't agree with that at all.
Good.
Do you think that was one of those overplayed songs
until it comes out of your...
I don't think so.
Look here, because you mentioned it earlier.
Look here.
Look here, right here.
You mentioned it earlier in the show.
Every time a song becomes a hit, they play it a lot.
And to a lot of people, that means overplayed.
So we can see...
Never were talking about overplayed to the point of lunacy,
to the point of wanting to commit suicide.
I know what you mean by the point of wanting to kill somebody.
But they're going to say...
Billy, don't be here.
Who did that?
That was a horrible song.
If they played it once, it was too much.
No, Terry Jackson sees it in the Sun.
I'll find out.
Similar.
Similar.
Yeah.
Same kind of sound.
Caluscious.
Oh, here's one from the fake guilty.
All right, Steve Gellstein.
It says, PS, this is not a fake.
It might be the first ever.
Maybe it is from Gellie, just by the way Lee did not email you at all today.
I told you that wasn't him.
What's wrong with you?
Aren't you the guy that says all the emails are fake?
They're fraud?
Right.
And now you're telling me, oh, Lee didn't...
Look at the battle we got going on.
You light up my life 42, stairway to heaven 40.
And Ty Yellow ribbon around that thing, 33.
Bow Donaldson.
Bow Donaldson and Billy, don't be a hero.
Don't be a zero.
Remember that...
We got a takeoff on this called DA, don't get a zero.
Oh!
But he did.
Nine o'clock hour, we got nobody listening.
I think nine to ten ought to be asked the manager.
I think Joe Bell ought to have that hour.
Then we get some people calling in.
Oh boy, can you imagine?
Blow the phones out.
Guaranteed.
So Gellie says, I have to nominate Hotel California.
When I was on Syracuse, this swill was on every single day.
Please don't rip me anymore.
My wife is when they were doing some shopping.
I mean, mailing you for my iPhone.
Okay, we won't rip you Gellie.
What do you think about tonight's game?
The Macarena will be packed for sure.
We need to win badly.
PS, this is not a fake.
I think it might be the first one ever.
So Gellie must be down there.
Well, I guess ordinarily he would be down there,
unless he's with the team on the road, you know.
Carrying a heavy load on the road.
Maple Leafs and the Panthers.
Panthers have a really good season.
They're right on the cusp of the eighth and final playoff spot.
They're on the cusp.
And the range is all they're dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping.
So as the publicity stunt, they get shot every again.
A goon and idiot.
Goon with a G. Goon.
So you think this is the real Gellie or what?
No.
Why do you say that?
Because he says the Macarena will be packed for sure.
Why do you think that is?
For Leafs?
Leafs don't drop flies down there,
unless we get a whole bunch of Toronto people.
And it's already the 10th of February.
I don't think they're there.
I couldn't be wrong with.
You see a lot of Ontario plates down there now?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I do.
You do?
How about Quebec?
How about Quebec?
That's...
Prite Voo Froggy, huh?
Weep.
The fake...
Oh, I'm never going to get through all these emails,
but I'll do my best.
Keep him coming.
I think this is a great way to get the emails.
It's boring, itself,
but nevertheless, they'll kill some really good time.
I mean, even if Gellie is a sending in crap, you know?
Mm-hmm.
You think Gellie's sending in crap?
No.
First of all, how are his Gellie...
Oh, that's right.
He's down there.
He's listening on QAM.
Well, if he's in the Broward,
he can still hear the stations that were saying...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Good word!
Nice going, Gellie.
He always had a great sense of humor.
Hates me like poison.
Doug says, the fake Doug.
You know what would be good
as you doing the vocals of these songs you hate?
I would pay for recording of that.
Thanks for making me laugh.
I needed this days.
Smoke on the water.
He wants to add.
Smoke on the wall.
Water.
Amen.
It really blows.
What?
I said, amen.
Smoke on the wall.
That's a good example of a song that waved beyond the time
that it was ahead.
You just kept playing it in the movies and everywhere
and you pop up the stage.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Yeah.
Here's one that says, oh, what is this?
Can you please play Here Come the F-A-G's?
I already played it last week.
I like the F-A-G's.
It says, last night, I immediately thought of you
and everything you say about sport holes,
regarding their obsession with giving me the ball,
giving me the ball, giving me the ball.
I was watching the Obama TV show about his stimulus package.
I was getting a little hopeful because he mentioned putting...
By the way, Gell-D, if you're out there, I want the Luke Shen up here.
I immediately, if not sooner, put him on a plane and send him to my place.
Hey, Luke.
Wow.
What a fine young gentleman that Luke Shen, number two, defenseman.
Who are the rookie?
Love the movie.
Love the movie.
Luke Shen.
He's my buddy.
You don't know he is my buddy.
I was getting a little hopeful, it says, because he mentioned putting money into my field of employment
or should I say unemployment at the moment.
Then he started taking questions and they were all good questions relevant to the stimulus package.
Then some colored man got up.
I wonder what color?
I wonder if he had pink lips like Payrod.
And I said, oh Mr. Obama, what do you think about Alex R. Regussion's impact on sports
or something of that effect?
Unbelieveable.
The freaking economy is falling apart.
People are in desperate need of a job like me and you got idiots who care about nothing except sports, sports, sports,
keep up the entertainment.
The unemployment depression is really bothering me and you're the only thing worth smiling about these days.
Please, for the love of God, allow me to get hired this year.
Thanks, Neil.
And his email addresses Xeno gear 900.
Whatever that means.
Do you know what that means?
No.
And I'm not playing here, come to the FAG, maybe I'll play it later.
I played it last week for me.
You can't fight it in the archives.
And you think a guy that's unemployed like that would have all day to be looking for it.
And the bit too.
I used to have those days, it's been all day looking for it.
And some days I'd find it.
Really?
Then what?
Paul and the Cuses.
Paul and the Cuses, up in Syracuse when I heard Blinded by the Light on TK99, I know I can look down.
I watch it, I'll say 12 or 5 p.m. Blinded by the Light.
Now, Manfred Mann did the original, but didn't the anxious Brus Bringsden to it.
Bringsden did the original.
That's a remake.
And a damn good remake.
Well, guess, let me tell you right now.
The remake is a hell of a lot better than Brus Bringsden, who couldn't see his way out of a total.
By the way, it's brutal.
By the way, it's brutal.
Blinded by the Light.
It's all like the same song.
Brull up like a douchey.
Yeah.
And what is it that they say in that song?
There's so much controversy about that.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
That's what I mean.
It has thickened the hatred and
a of
Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink, Jim Alex, the big round of applause.
We have your own mayor, Jim Humphrey.
Thank you, Mayor.
Representative Alan Grayson.
How about Ilya Narosen, then?
Pauline McAnon.
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto May Beliefs, and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority, Neil God.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Give me my kidney.
Well, 1217 at 5'60", WQAM.
That wasn't even Todd Pettinkill.
That's ACN.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Sure sounded like him, didn't it?
No.
Not.
Not.
Sounds like Jim Schuyler or me?
I'm actually Jim Schuyler.
Here's Oscar Oskarostr.
Says some advice for you.
Take some calls you old goat.
It doesn't matter who this is.
It's the near Roger Show and that's what's important.
Well, guess what?
I'm not taking any calls.
Oscar.
Screw you.
Have some advice for you.
Yeah.
Like we're having a real problem today.
Not.
Take some calls.
You can only imagine who that is.
Yeah.
Excellent program, Neil.
George's game.
He wishes.
Yeah.
He's already got the boyfriends.
That's not enough.
Boyfriend ain't famous.
Here's one for it.
Says thank you so much for playing.
I'd like to teach the world a singing yesterday.
It got stuck in my head and was even there while I was banging my ex-girlfriend last night.
Nothing like getting some from your ex.
Which sounds fine until we get to the last line of this.
It says that song alone made me never drink Pepsi again.
Well, Pepsi aren't not the people who use that for the commercials.
Okay.
It was Coke.
Correct.
Maybe never.
What does that mean?
Obviously they're mistaken.
Confused.
A little confused.
Tad bit.
It's the real thing that I'm.
Oh, I used to have a disc with all those spots.
I bet I do somewhere here during the next break.
I'm going to look for it.
Chicken next to me that a long time ago.
It's got all those the fortunes.
Remember that fortune song?
Yep.
You got your troubles and I've got mine.
Yep.
Which is a different campaign than I'd like to teach the world.
Yeah, give the world a coke or whatever the hell I'd say.
I'd like to snort with the world with a coke.
Something like that.
Cran.
Imperius says it looks like John Bernetti transferred title of
Hylia Park into some other entity under his name.
Definitely some hanky panky going on.
It says, whoa.
Nothing worse than when hanky spanky's going on, especially in Hylia.
Got to get some reason for building that metro rail for a big inbox.
You know what?
Yep.
Everybody wants to go out there to Hylia, don't they?
No.
Oh.
Jeff says, when I heard Yintiman, I thought it was a new bit about you.
Love you, love the show.
Well, thank you, Jeff.
There you go.
He ain't no Luke Shen, but then again, who is?
Kathy, who's becoming just obsessive.
She says about the 14 baby mom.
Still haven't heard the one burning question in my mind about this woman
and her medically assisted pregnancy.
Where the hell did she get the money for the pregnancy?
She's a whoa.
I found a place in Chicago whose website says the average cost for a complete IVF cycle in the US is about 12 grand plus medications.
In large metro areas, it tends to be higher.
There are some low cost IVF programs that charge significantly less than average,
some in vitro fertilization centers charge 20 to 25 grand for a complete in vitro cycle without meds.
How does an unemployed woman afford this price?
Wasn't her first six kids also in vitro?
Yeah, she's got six plus eight is 14.
I think she works out in these letters.
She's doing it under the table.
I think so.
I think she's doing it on the table.
Next to the table.
What do you mean under the table?
Get it?
No.
She's a whore.
That's my accusation.
That's my theory.
What do you mean she's a whore?
What does that mean?
My theory is that she has sex for money.
Oh, I see.
And that's how she raised...
Well, she must have a lot of sex to raise all that cash.
Or she gets paid a lot of money.
Yeah.
Maybe she's hot to somebody.
I wouldn't imagine she's too hot anymore after she popped out those 14 kids, but nevertheless, who knows?
Rick says, for your pool,
see, and I'm going backwards on these, so there's going to be a whole lot of these for the pool again.
There's at least 50,000 more emails.
Rick says, for your pool, Terry Jack's seasons in the sun,
anything by Mr. Denver like Wildfire, anything by...
See, again, it doesn't answer the question.
John Denver didn't sing Wildfire.
I know.
That was... who was it?
Michael...
Oh, I'd just...
Somebody.
See, you don't eat Michael Murphy.
There it is.
Very good.
Am I right?
Yep.
What a genius, man.
Michael Murphy, I don't even like that song.
Every time I hear any of these, it gives me wild diarrhea.
Anything by Mr. Denver...
I wish my music player worked.
It doesn't?
Not the one where I can find everything, though.
Oh, no.
The one where I can't.
Is the one that works.
Yes, Rick says, like I said, he's a genius.
I sent the Arbor Triangle, because yesterday I wanted you and George to get a high rating, so...
Joe, Mr. Not Wonderful, can have a fit and you can go on to a real station.
Ha-ha.
Well, thanks, Rick.
Like I said, wildfire was Michael Murphy, but that's okay.
You're still our friend.
You're our friend.
That's right.
Anybody with those diaries that puts us down, that's our friend.
And then when they start with those purple people meters, that's what that stands for, by the way,
a PPM purple people meter.
I had no idea.
As opposed to the PPE, the purple people eat her.
Sheb Wolley, he's dead.
All these famous music...
All these people, they're all dead.
Very sad.
V.J. Thomas is still alive.
Yeah.
What's he doing these days?
I don't know.
V.J.?
Maybe.
Paul says, every time you go away by Paul Young, feh,
you want to put that on there?
Every time you go away?
I don't know.
I don't know.
No?
Here's one that says, sweet home Alabama, we've had that's on there, I'm sure, right?
Yes.
By Leonard Skinner?
Yes.
Pure unadulterated redneck claptrap, played across most of America for decades now, over and over again, out nauseam.
I love that song.
I don't care if it's redneck claptrap or not.
I like it.
Don't you like it?
Sweet home Alabama, huh?
It's fine.
It's good.
It's not fine.
It's great.
It's fine.
Oh, and you can't play it.
Damn it.
I just want to hear the beginning, but I love the way it starts.
I love that guitar in the beginning.
Real redneck a guitar.
Hope near down to remember a southern man doesn't need him around anyhow.
Watergate doesn't bother me as your conscience bother you.
Where the skies are blue and the governor is true.
Utterly awful it says, have a great day in the great white north of fake Neil Armstrong.
Sweet home Alabama, I like it a lot.
I sure wish you could play it.
Me too.
Now while we're sitting here, it's the real thing.
I'm getting confused between, I'd like to teach the world a sing.
And the campaign on the fortunes, you've got your troubles and I've got mine.
That was also a coke campaign.
I got it here somewhere.
You believe me?
Yeah.
But I got such a mess.
Oh, I've got just zillions of these.
This all over.
I got piles, man.
Piles.
How about over here, maybe?
Oh.
It's the real thing.
And the back of your mind.
Here's an old bird eyes.
Must be chicken extracts stuck this in here.
Look at that.
I never even saw this before.
I just found it.
It's a bird eyes credit card.
Wow.
Holy moly rat man.
Put it in a little frame.
Oh, I can't get it out.
And the credit card either.
Because it's a small.
Oh, it's cut up.
Oh, it's cut up.
Ah.
And the name on the back is just scribbled on there.
I don't know what the name is.
Just a scribbling bird eyes.
You want me to give you the number?
Yeah, sure.
I'm going to go buy something.
Let's put it out on the ear.
Well, it's cut off.
So obviously the account is finito.
And of course, if it's chicken extracts, then we know the account is finito.
Because he couldn't even afford to drive the bird eyes much less to buy anything there.
I don't see it.
This is a shame if I can't find it.
I'm going to be so depressed.
Aren't you?
Aren't you going to be like, oh, no, no, no.
Yeah, you will.
Come on, pretend just for me.
No.
No, no.
Toadie is a hard ass.
Spit on the pump.
Take a good dump and spit on the pump.
I like that one.
Just fine.
All these has come.
All this stuff should be in the DCS.
But it's not.
Oh, what's the date on these?
1030-07.
Wow.
Here's Disney CEO called Mickey Caveman.
You want to hear that?
I sure don't.
I don't want to hear any more of those Mickey things for a while.
Oh, and here's one that's wrapped up in what is this?
Oh, it's a KJ one.
It's wrapped in like a napkin.
He said, ho, he said ho, he said ho.
What is that?
I don't know.
You want to know what that is?
We're getting way behind on the break.
But that's all right.
Exactly.
We got nothing but time to kill here.
Lots and lots of it.
Oh, no.
He said ho.
He said ho.
He said ho.
Well, Don I miss was quite delightful.
Thought some folks thought his jokes were spiteful.
He got a whole thing though, you say?
Sure, what about whatever?
Haven't played an A Dog's Aid.
Oh, Neil.
You have a thing to Neil Rogers.
Well, Don I miss was quite delightful.
Thought some folks thought his jokes were spiteful.
He got chipped off the radio.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
And it seems his career was wrecked now.
That's politically incorrect now.
And management said he had to go.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
Maybe what he did wasn't right.
And it started a media storm.
Even if you're old, cranky and white.
Sometimes you've got to conform.
Time's back on the air now.
What does anybody really care now?
No.
A moral of the story you know.
Don't say ho.
Don't say ho.
Don't say ho.
No.
Okay, 1233 and I can't find it.
But I did find some other interesting stuff.
Yeah.
I played the Crayon James one.
I found it.
Good.
I found the Jackie Wilson one.
I found the Al Hibber one.
And I found...
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That's the rumor jolly Joe wouldn't put anything past him.
If it makes no sense.
That would get a higher rating than the current format.
Then the sports craft yeah, I
Can't find it. It's the real thing. I can't find it by the way
What since you cut me off with that Obama nonsense that we couldn't see
You want to know the meaning of that line there gonna be that much on what line and blinded by the light
Oh, yeah, rubbed up like a douche as an a douche coupe
How sad well there you are
How very sad Larry Williams. I got lot of miss cloddy and pony moroni and I also got if this thing will queue up
Which it doesn't look like it wants to do
T.O.C. error table tongue contents error. Oh, no
Don't you hate when that happens all the time? Well, let me shove it back in there again and
See if it wants to do something. I might have to put it in the other machine. Mon
Well, I'm never gonna get all these emails on T.O.C. error. Oh, that's bad
That's really bad
Now what's it? Oh, this is that the KJ, but I just played well. We won't be playing that again anytime soon
Am I right about that you bet? Oh Christmas. I got some old QM jingles for the oldies format
As soon as you leave, you know on the phone hello, it's Suzy there
He's not how about our sister
Let me talk to our mother
Probably there another one of the big sons of 63 number 44 for the entire year a good one as called of course
You're the reason I live in 2040 L before Santa Claus, but you two am radio the rickie taking show on a Saturday night
Maybe
It's a tiger
Well, it's a minute after 12 o'clock WQ time here the Bible green scene I believe
That's what all future is in that's very exciting hard to do
Ricky
Today on Monday
You can
Yeah
Let's go
You're great. These have been a pleasure that everything was out for a minute to wait for me the clock
Current temperature 701 and going now 58 degree low in Miami tonight
Calling for six tends to know what's gonna happen. I do I guess you know who this is this Dan channel from WQAM radio
Here we go you are listening to me right now
Right
Oh
It's like that you pull my hands out of five eight I'd call baby. It's you number 10 song
Hey, would you believe this in the second period is highly a 20 coral gables nothing
Attention every team from home Santa
Wow, this is some pretty good crap. That's a good thing. I crawled around on the floor and I went through all those discs. Hey, that's a tone reward
Whoa, and now we're getting 80 million emails all of a sudden now that I need a little bit of a break
Wow, they're just they're rabid today including Henry Finkelstein
It says I don't didn't know a Humper called clearance after Kenny molding out of fired no one cares about you a Humper not even clearance
Hope dear you soon on the new 940. I don't think so
I was thinking about that the other day. I mean it's strictly a cheap channel cost cutting measure
Do you think they're gonna hire like local talent?
No like Eddie can't operate died out it
Syndicated open up a pot and put a bunch of crap on here. That's there. Especially do you every day?
I was out for an hour. Don't know if you talked about this is my friend Ken. You're the best in Georgia's and far behind
Michael Phelps gets eight kids at party arrested. Oh, no
They thought it was so cool to hang out and take vong hits with the limping champ Michael Phelps until the freaking sheriff started arresting everybody for it
Thanks a lot Phelps. It says
Where is this
Does it say where it is
South Carolina
The South Carolina House party was last November the photo of Phelps when public last week
This week got the local South Carolina sheriff for launch investigation that stupid Hick now kids are going to jail
Probably while explaining explaining for what dude
Also, we've learned that the department's located in confiscated that bong
The owner of the bong was trying to saw eBay for as much as a hundred grand. Well there you go ding dong, which is dead
Lawrence's I never emailed twice in one day. No plan to do this. Whoever again. Yes, you have
However for the pull again, I just heard something needs to be on there the only song apparently the John Lennon ever sang imagine
I used to like the song but after a hundred times a week week after week month after month year after year even Yoko
Yax when she hears it
Okay, Lawrence and no tell me you never emailed more than once
Fake Paris Hilton. I'm just I'm just getting rid of this crap very very weak
Here's one from Ricardo Jose a sixty two or three as diabetes still blind and still a great acoustic guitar player
Jose Feliciano
He hasn't had a hit record in the late at least five years in a sponule, but he's working on a new record
He hit it big with senior
Valerro a
Few years ago my wife is a big fan of Feliciano still Ray listening to you in Georgia after all these years
Although I must say that you drive me crazy talking about the thing about president bush every day what?
Oh, you drove me crazy. I had to switch stations for a few minutes later man good luck in the casinos. Oh, yeah president bush
How could we not came paranoid by black Sabbath and Ozzy the real Rocky says I don't think so you think so no no way not even close
Not even close. Oh, no, let's see guilty
Gellie says I'm not fake
It's the first I told you I can't what?
I'll do what I can when it comes to Luke no promises though and yes
As the leaf fans that show up for the game what?
Oh, it's the leaf fans who show up for the game. It's gonna be heck of a player Luke. Yes
Give me your two. I like give him about half an hour and no, I don't hate you Uncle Neil
I don't mind at all. It's guilty. I think it's the real guilty guilty
Wouldn't that be quite a feather in our crap?
No, you're you're so I don't know about you
I'm curious
No, you're not accurate. You're just accurate hard to light a fire under your eyes right?
Is that what you're trying to say right about what about the fake e-mailers?
When when when did you start being right?
Howard David's a bitch
Oh
Oh
Oh
Wonderful
Right okay, 1240 let's get out the old jingoes man
Maybe blind Michael calling if you start taking calls. I'm at that look out now
Yeah, let's let's play a whole bunch of jingles. What do you say?
God
I made you faster. Beat you to it. Obama's still talking up a storm in four Myers the whole the whole opportunity around clean energy
I mean this this package proposes to double speaking of Luke Shen
How's that package look?
Are you some alternative as Gelties as assignment?
Is to kidnap Luke Shen and bring him up here. I'd like to door from the inside
I would make one of them doggy doors underneath my adorian on people could so food under there. Yeah
Open up the sliding glass doors for some fresh air once in a while. Yeah, uh-huh what?
Nothing I had a good line for the doggy door thing, but what I'm gonna let it go. Why?
Cuz
Chicken
What
This
No
The old rastles.
Anyway, here's Lanny says I still have my Richard's credit card from the South
Road area. Lanny from Palo Alto, California. What he's trying to say is, I have no line.
He's hanging on to his Richard's credit card. Remember Richard's?
Yep.
Do you?
Yep.
So maybe that was before your time.
Well guess what?
That was back in the day when I was collecting credit cards. Inspired by that guest on WKAT.
I talked about that guy. He was a credit card collector. He had eight Zidian credit cards.
You know how you have like stamps, stamp collectors have albums with stamps in them.
Yeah.
And some people collect baseball cards. They have albums with baseball cards in him.
He had an album with credit cards. Big fat guy.
All right.
And I don't remember what had gotten me started collecting credit cards. You know, he
had a credit card. I mean, back in that was just, I was making $225 a week.
How much credit could I get? But I mean, I think Richard's was one of the credit cards
that this guy didn't have. I mean, he had credit cards from mortgages for, I mean, anything.
He did not have a Richard's credit card. I think also one other one I had. And he went
ballistic.
Where can I get an application? I got to get that. But you know, like when nuts and a whole
pile.
I did have credit cards, Richard's and bird eyes and Jefferson's and monkey wards and
on and on places that I was. What was that one place?
Begin with a B department store real, Chinsy crap. Bird eyes. No, not bird eyes. Chinsy stuff.
It'll come to me. And anyway, I had them all. I had Jordan Marsha course. I love Jordan
and then they went out of business. Could you add escape the peanut colladas song to your
poll? They played that song so much to this day. I want to shoot my radio every time I
heard it. I put that in the same category. The peanut colladas song with don't worry.
Be happy. Same kind of a cockamoon. Same kind of cockarai. You know what I mean? Yep.
Crap. Ross DePaul says never by love by the association, man. Most songs can be overplayed
but are still quality. You dig. Never my love is in the way and way overplayed. Great
show. Says Ross DePaul. Yaman. The good machine, man. The good machine. Never my love.
I don't know. Good song. You putting out just for fun. Yeah. Why not? George is going
to put it on there just for fun. WFU end. I am a Florida. This year. I played that one
all right. Scott McKenzie. Scott McKenzie.
Well, Newy's exot. Dan chapter of a super Saturday. Dan Chandler. All the pukeers all the
time. Dan 17, Bartlett W. Q. A. M. Super Saturday morning. 2020. Twin Spinners. We salute
Al Slakers. W. Q. A. M. Secret Word. I do like to be for a party show. Probably presenting
Cut Park. It's just time of the time.
Break shot. Unwonderful. WQ.
Oh. All right. What are he's doing these days? Now these retired.
I don't know. Oh, bless you. Yeah. Well, it's not bad enough that I'm slaughtering eating on
here, but I'm sneezing on your. Yeah, boy. Pretty soon you're going to be belching. Oh,
not me or farting. What? Huh? What was that sound? I'm sorry. Was the mic on it? Timmy Williams says
for this is Timmy Williams at a safe number three, which you still don't get it. Okay. You
argued with me last time I read that. Whatever you say. Timmy Williams was the son of the owner of W. I.
N. Z. Yeah. God, Gannett. Yeah. And they stuck him in to be the general mangler of Zeta. I.
N. Z. Right. And that's when they started getting all panicky about my show. I'd rather be in a safe number
three than number one. You know, I thought you meant I thought you said safe number two. Well,
I've never heard of the story a hundred times before that what you said. So the fact that
whoever this fake Timmy Williams is got the number wrong, that takes the credibility away from it. Sure.
You are such a cynic and a skeptic man. Yeah. It says don't stop believing has been overplayed so much.
I can no longer bring myself to listen any journey song much less that one unbelievable commercial radio
is arrogance and laziness is basically succeeded in making me physically allergic to the bands
and tear output due to their erotic obsession with one single solitary thong. Here's a poll loosely
related to today's poll also inspired by your playing. I'd love to change the world yesterday,
which artist you wish would receive more or any commercial radio airplay. Ten years after E. L.O.
joy division to Smith's Morrissey the cure violent fems the band love his invention and Chicago before
Terry Cathluse brains out. Yeah, that sucks. But then so a lot of other suggestions so far this year.
I'm behalf of most of the audience I apologize for letting you down Timmy Williams PS who is worse me or jolly Joe.
Now that's a tough choice to have. Let me think about it during the break. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Another thing. You know, it was another big star by now.
That little bit sweet voice. I think I got anywhere a little beauty.
Please take you.
I think I think I'm the best.
I know what this is. 3500 Ways. I have a lot of fun.
I do like the more I see you.
Yeah, what about the more I hate you?
What do I say?
And when I see you.
I want to die.
Your techery.
Oh, Tony, I'll tease a role.
Let's be in a coma.
And point blank.
Why you? Why you're the smat you?
I know my smell attracts you.
I don't like you.
You still got such a...
I feel just like that you are my divrutter.
And when you need to another.
That's why you're so much fired.
That's how I feel.
Then it passed the $838 billion stimulus bill.
Stimulate this.
Yeah, this.
I want to show him what you...
You can't buy it.
You can't wait till it's all fine.
All right, that's enough.
What a battle.
Stay away from having 52.
You light up my life.
Another shot of love.
That is in the worst show in the history of mankind.
And then they've also got an MTV dating.
Yeah, there were shows where they eliminate this one.
And all the people on there are gross.
I mean, just ugly as a but ugly.
God.
At any rate, let's get back to the eighth hour.
And guess what I found looking through my pile?
I did not find.
It's the real thing, but I did find.
All right.
She was like Carmen Miranda without the bananas.
How do you know?
I don't know.
Maybe she didn't have bananas.
I don't know.
She didn't have a mother hat.
Toit to toit toit toit toit toit toit toit toit toit.
Or she'd been out about a hundredth of an ounce of sound or what?
It's Celia Cruz, huh?
God, she's doing it.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
102 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Oh, here's the along Henry Finkelstein email.
It better be good, because it goes on and on.
It's unbelievable, Neil, but the weakest past.
I'm still on my 12 to 16 month vacation.
I've been smoking a lot of pot.
It seems to take my mind away from all the dominates who surround me.
Just finished watching President Obama.
I don't know what you thought, Neil, but I thought he was clear when it comes to the bill.
And I leave what?
Or I love what he said.
Nobody's above the law when it comes to prosecuting some of the Bush administration officials.
I'm thinking Don Rumsfeld first.
I don't know if the stimulus package is going to stimulate my situation or not.
I will try to this.
I believe this president.
I feel he's telling you the truth.
And not what I want to hear.
Am I a naive Jew?
Or do you guys feel the same way?
I feel the same way, but you're still a naive Jew.
Wow.
Damn, Neil.
I just realized the football season was over.
Now I have nothing to do between hours of two to four.
Is there any freaking way we can get George on that slot?
At least you'd have a decent leader.
Damn, it's hard to accept the fact.
He can't listen to your favorite radio show for six hours instead of four.
Oh, how about a hundred hours?
Henry?
Hank?
Paul and Old Rob did not use the Go ahead, Chris Matthews sound.
I listen to them every day.
I continue.
They did not use it.
Go ahead.
I even listened to their archives from Thursday and Friday.
I again did not hear it.
So that bitch was trying to stir it up.
We got it wrong.
Please block that.
I needed from emailing the show.
Wasn't an email.
It was a facts.
We sure don't need false information on this show.
That's for a damn sure.
The last thing we need is the fake this and the fake that.
Too much fakery and shakery going on in this world as it is.
I also wanted to tell you about the Borshead Pastramia.
I had some on Saturday.
Must say Swiss cheese, deli mustard, kosher dill pickle between two slices of some good bread.
I don't know what kind.
Oh my god.
What kind of a Jew are you, Henry?
Neil, I felt so Jewish when I ate that sandwich, but it was so good.
I hope I influenced you when eating an ice-bore heads pastrami sandwich for lunch today.
No, you will not.
I think that Henry Finkelstein is a Brandon.
Just the way he said, just the way he words, some of these like that.
Eating a nice Borshead pastrami sandwich for lunch today.
That sounds like Brandon to me.
Yeah, I don't believe it.
Why not?
Because Brandon sends real emails.
Why would he send a fake one?
Well, for something to do, you know.
I don't believe it.
Man, Neil, I must admit, I really miss Mo.
Not a show, but him being at the station and bringing his cemetery village attitude to QAM.
Please, he'd bring Mo back or let George take over the two to four hour.
Wake up, jolly.
Hey, jolly.
And put George on.
He's been in this town for a long time.
He has an audience.
It's not an alcoholine audience.
But at least he has one I guarantee it.
It might sound like I'm kissing George's ass, but I'm not.
I don't know the man.
Just know that the show is interesting.
And he won't talk about Shemori Harris is running 4.2, 40 meter dash at the combine when he was 12 years old.
Who the hell cares?
Put someone entertaining on, jolly.
How dumb do you have to be?
GD, man.
You got rid of the Humper dumb decision.
Geldy's not on enough.
Geldy's not on enough.
Curtis is pretty good.
Big O is on seven days a week, though.
And you got freaking D freaking A on every single day.
Don't get me even started on the beast.
Don't get me started on the electric bill.
That little tub of crap has no talent.
I wish Mo got rid of when he wanted to.
Beast, you're the most hated Jew at QAM.
Love you, Neil and love you, little George.
Professor Dr. Henry K. Finkelstein.
Thanks, Professor.
The fake professor of course.
Am I going to get to all these emails this hour?
We only got 54 minutes.
And Obama is still talking.
Look, this is America.
We are, we always had the best infrastructure.
We were always willing to invest in the future.
You know, somebody, Governor Chris mentioned Abraham Lincoln.
He in the middle of the civil war.
I love when Obama looked Charlie and E.I. and said,
you're fair.
That was my favorite part of the whole day.
Zero says, oh Anthony, I see I don't understand the emails in the names.
I get confused.
And I already did, I already got this a long time ago.
Monday, February 9th, 1058 pm.
Could you please play the good chip Amistad, Anthony and Tamarack.
When I got this like a week or two ago, I played it that very damn day.
I listened to the show yesterday.
I wanted to let you know that Jeff Lin was the mastermind behind the brilliant bank called E.I.L.O.
One of your emailers said that he was also in the Blues Brothers Band and the SNL Band Live Band also.
He was not.
I don't know.
I think the emailer is confusing him with GE Smith.
It's chopped off.
The guitarist was the SNL Live Band leader in the 90s.
GE Smith was also in the, and Hall and Oates, but not the Blues Brothers Band.
I have two possible polls here that you enjoyed my fine and interesting.
The first is, his bad as the economy is, how is it affected your job?
Not much.
It's day to day.
We've taken a hard hit.
I've been let go.
And the second, what's the best scene in a movie?
The best scene in a movie?
Wow.
You know how they're going to answer that, right?
Name every scene from every movie ever made.
When Lassie takes a dump on Timmy Shoes, one of my favorites is the Lardass scene from the movie Stand By Me.
I didn't know Lardass was in that movie.
I'm sure a couple of Godfather scenes would make the list.
And last, could you please play the good ship Amistad?
Oh.
Oh.
Anthony, we're doing so good, too.
You got to the poll stuff.
And the last, I'll play it.
What do you think?
All right.
Do it.
No, but the question is, there you go.
I was just, you beat me that time.
I was just searching for it.
Maybe I was searching for Luke Shen.
370 votes on the poll.
And I waited for it.
What's going on there?
Now it better be a good one.
Go ahead.
Oh, there's such a blessing to see you, Mr. President.
Thank you for taking time out of your day.
Oh, gracious God.
Thank you so much.
All right.
What's the question?
All right, Mr. President.
All right.
My name is Julio Asageda.
I'm currently a student at Edison State College, my second semester.
Oh.
And, okay, I've been at the same job, which is McDonald's, for four and a half years.
Because of the fact that I can't find another job.
Now, with the fact that I've been there for as long as I've been there,
do you have any plan or any idea of making one that has been there for a long time,
receive any better benefits than what they've already received?
Well, I tell you what.
First of all, a couple of things I'd like to say.
No one.
The fact that you want to see this guy.
I had no one as well.
Turn it on.
No, it doesn't always pay.
Oh, he'll laugh.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
He'll chuckle.
What I want to do is
reform the healthcare system
so that you will have access
to healthcare in your job.
Leave them to them and four miners
to pick up a nut job, like you know,
to afford to ask a question.
And wait until they start serving
at that black Anus Burger
with Bacon and Cheterman,
then you'll be, uh, a-okay.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I'm the proof.
Here's the five-sixty pick-it.
Ready to knock it.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll start the game.
We'll have to start the game.
Yeah, we'll start the game.
What I'm sure...
He was a pilot
with a faster attire.
And a smile will Shock the client
there with Drew Bokka.
He was a working
They met with Luke in Obi-Wan
about the millennium Balkan
Docking Bay 94
Just don't troopers, ass Adora.
With a flash of bent lights
They're nervous and on
On the floor, the Star Wars, the Star Wars Campina
Go with its creatures you've ever seen
The Star Wars, the Star Wars Campina
Music and answers and all that I matter
That the Star Wars
Us Ice Spacebook, you are never-time
The more wretched I've scum and believe it
It's big quarters
His name was Yoda, he was a muffin
Who?
Dark bitter was so bad
And by the way, he's loose, that it gets his sister
His hand got torn off
In that galaxy far far away
Lucas had a lousy day, both of that was so mean
Jabba had bad hygiene
Why didn't they all just relax
Back on top two in at the Star Wars
Star Wars Campina
Go with its creatures you've ever seen
The Star Wars, the Star Wars Campina
Music and answers and all that I matter
That the Star Wars
The boss will be with you
Star Wars
Star Wars Campina
And what we just talked about Mark Hamill yesterday
Yes
So who do you like better?
Mark Hamill or...
Is that a little girl who's going to walk?
Celia Cruz
Mark Hamill
That's a good poll question, what?
Mark Hamill
You don't like Celia Cruz?
I don't
My god, they're going to railroad your ass right out of town
They're going to put you on a rubber raft back to Montana
Sorry
The most overplayed song on a radio is or was we have 381 votes
Stirway to Heaven 56
You light up my life 52
A annoying song, I mean really
And especially the way she sang it
In that monotone, you know
Debbie Boone
Debbie Boob
Debbie Boob
I figure what she looked like was she...
She had some boobs
Did she?
Yeah
Oh and guess who was on biography last night speaking of boobs
Jane Mansfield
Yeah
Boob
And they showed a picture of her visiting the Queen in England
And it was amazing because the Queen...
Well the Queen is a little on the short side, you know
And Jane Mansfield was big and Bucks him as they say
And the Queen's eyes were just fixed right on those boobies, you know
Maybe the Queen wanted the booby prize
If anybody I know deserves it, it's the old Queen
Got a good battle going on here, Stirway to Heaven 56
You light up my life 52
Taya Yellow ribbon around Tony Orlando 40
Tad around his neck and pull it real tight
Macarena 31
Piano Man 29
I'd like to teach the world a Saint 20
Sweet home Alabama 18
I got you, babe 17
My heart will go on 16
Don't worry, be happy
He's got 13
I'll tell you one that's not on here, that really should be
That little girl that's going to walk on top
Yeah
More than a feeling A
Only overplayed by you
Right, oh can't play it enough let me tell you right now
It's no more owner with a bullet
That little girl that's going to walk on top
That little girl that's on top
And when all the people are looking at you
And they're going to be the one who's going to get it
Oh she sounds like she's in bad pain let me tell you
Well she isn't feeling no pain anymore
Oh you can't say that about our beloved Syria, yes screw her
Don't worry, be happy 13 American Pie 8 more than a feeling 8
Margaritaville 7
Must grant love 7
Free bird 6
Aiki breaky heart 6
You feel like I do 6
Blinded by the blade and rolled up in a douche 5
The rose 5
You don't bring me flowers 5
Oh what's the betmitter one that gets played like just
The rose, the rose
No not the rose when beneath my wings
When beneath my wings
Oh my god
I knew that's what you're talking about
She didn't sing it?
I don't know she might have
The hell she didn't I bet you a zillion dollars right now
Martin and Kenny Rodger
I bet you a bailout
I bet you an Alice Rodriguez's Pink Lipstick
A lot of people saying that song and she might have been one of them
She had the big fat booby hit
Okay
Oh she does have big fat boobies
Bed Middler?
Yeah
You wouldn't touch her with my hand
No I would not
And I wouldn't touch her with your hands
I will always love you for and go your own way for
Ramblinman for proud Mary 3
Feelings 3 like my fire 3 Billy. Don't be a hero 2 money 2 house of the rising sun 1 and none for another brick and wall never my love the peanut claw
Look at the way you wrote on there. He didn't write a peanut collage. He wrote something similar
Perfect smoke on a water cocaine seasons in the sun none how can seasons in the sun have no votes?
Out of sight out of mind. No, that was a bad. Oh, and by the way Brandon said just like Paco
I'm too busy to be sending in fake emails. He's busy. Right
Well, I know that you're what why would he he wouldn't it just sounded a little like him though
You know sometimes you can tell by the the wording of these right
The way certain people write and speak and like that, you know like this
Bow oh she just seriously anybody really thinks that she was a singer they need some very serious assistance
He couldn't sing a word of a paper tuba
and
And
Connection with that heath writes finally Cuban music under your broadcast and on it
Good point he's cute isn't it? Yeah, excellent. Well, let's play you know stereo
Let me ask you what is the music that the Fidel plays underneath our signal what does anybody know what it is?
Well, I'm just I'm just asking how loud maybe somebody will tell us who listens to this radio station would have to answer you
No, and you know listen to this radio station. Why would I I don't either I don't listen any radio station. I listen to 680 news
That's a really really good stuff you own oh
And the Rick uple the very funny track announcer with Fraser Downs got canned because of the economy
He got the cut everybody's getting cut
Except George didn't get cut. He got snippet didn't get cut
Isn't that bad news Rick uphill he's uh was very entertaining very funny very amusing
We've ever run brilliant like
Not his desktop Roger Houston
West
Cerebbe Donald trains are incl. Te inches
T.M. number eight. He needs a good B.M. is what he needs.
Mark Jacobin, Dale Wamp, Andy Rickert Train, Tony Hall, the eight.
I'll equip up. I'll equip up. Oh God.
He just, he gives me spilkeys, Roger Houston.
Let's do a whole show about race callers, okay?
Okay. Go for it.
In fact, it won't be that far off that Dave Johnson would be calling for the Kentucky Derby.
I feel a whole lot of pressure, man, for that, um, and you know what I'm going to do?
What are you going to do next week when I'm on vacation?
I'm still going to make my picks so that make sure that flea and Steve's low know that.
Good. So they can send me the racing form information and I can pick some stiff.
I mean some outstanding a horse. Good.
They won't be chuking in the stretch. Good.
Well, we want to, you know, make sure we keep some consistency going with the stuff.
And flea has been right on top of it with that promotion for the pick the pony contest.
Not. Don't get me wrong. I like flea a lot.
But the Dow is down 346 points now that the stimulus package passed the Senate,
the 838 billion. How much are we getting out of that?
And just to prove that we're not greedy, we'll just take the spillage.
The over just the extra 8 billion.
Right? We'll leave the 830 for everybody else.
We'll just take the 8 billion. I'll take seven and a half like Rick Riley would do and give you
50 cent. Well, that man treated suds so bad. Yep.
Next time you have suds on the show, like maybe next week, when I'm on vacation, right?
You had a rip rip Riley and ass. He won't.
Why not? That's not his style. Well, it's your style.
Yeah, you do it for him. Okay.
Take 99% of me. He wouldn't negotiate the deal. Rick.
Right. And then he would take all the money and give suds like, you know, a box of candy.
A box of fruit loops. Right?
And our Rick Riley is in California doing what? What is he doing out there?
My weasel doesn't whistle. Maybe he's on the beach. I don't know.
Maybe he's out panhandling. Hey, Sparrow some chains, mister.
Yeah, and then you would drop one of those in there. Yeah.
Not that I dislike Rick or wish him any ill. It's just that I think he treated suds poorly.
I draw Johnny Dorks ripping me about the bird. The bird I got 50 grand a year to sit there and eat
and cackle for crying out loud. Who wouldn't have taken that sweet job?
So all he had to do was just be a little bit more agreeable and a little bit human, but he couldn't do it.
He was a professional powder at IOD. Zeta, he was fine. He was in a good mood.
But at IOD he was always pissed off. Man.
In fact, maybe that's him from the other side going,
Oh, that could be. Instead of the cackle, he came up with something new.
I am.
So who would you vote for? Well, I was on the other guy's ballot.
What other guy? The Republican guy. Oh, no, man. I know. I'm sorry. Today. I don't want to break.
Which one is your vote for? I'm not going to get into it, Ted. You'll freak out on me. Okay?
Not no way. Yeah. That hooded freak.
Which one? He's specific.
What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue.
Ted Turner. Yes. Oh, man. You voted for. You can. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, what?
Send the police right into my head. Why don't you give them my phone number and it's red.
Ted and let them come over. Ted, kill me.
I'm not going to let you.
Man, you are going to elect the thought police.
Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for their side.
Rincol. What? My pal, Rinc voted for a Nazi.
I knew this would be. I didn't vote for a Nazi.
Yeah.
You failed.
You got out of the bomb and took a hit then would he act like Cheat and Chum?
And get the munchies and make roundies filled with hats.
And would he share it with Jesus and the saints?
Those highest pines and yeah, yeah,
hot in his grave.
And yeah, yeah, hot is good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What have got most cannabis?
Smoking hot like one of us.
Getting high on the back of the boy.
Just him and Moses getting stormed.
On a grey hump us to roll.
To get some Vatican homegrown.
A couple of time backs to take home.
All right.
No big pop Marley on his throne.
No, gone in heaven.
Let's your stone.
Absolutely.
133. You aren't going up there.
Moe, don't worry about that.
You're not going to heaven.
If there is a hell, believe you me,
you're going to be burning that a long time.
Here's one that says now that you guys got rid of Chris.
Is there any chance you can put Vokabrion on the show?
No.
All this can be done from his home very cheaply
and easy nowadays over any standard internet connection.
Not that he would have to be constantly talking,
but at least he should have a mic to be able to chime in
when he's sitting at home listening anyway.
What do you think?
Yeah, sure, but they say they said cheaply.
Yeah, not to be kind of cost a nickel.
They're cheap enough.
Right.
There's a better chance that we're going to put
Celia Cruz on here.
Is that any of you that can you welcome me now?
Then put chicken neck on.
Or anyone else.
Or anybody else who would cost more than a dime.
Larry says, I know it's useless info for you,
but GE Smith was the band leader for SNL
after Paul Schaefer left to play for Letterman.
Smith was also Bob Billens leading guitar for years.
Eustel Sinfo, that's right, Larry.
Thank you so much.
Was it helpful to you?
No.
Eustel is to me.
Greg Nudell, who just has no life whatsoever,
assessed with his show.
I'm beginning to believe it's the real one.
He forwards to me a message from Tom Jicke
and in response to his a question.
Greg, there are a zidian rumors like
W.I.N.C. going all sports.
The fifth station in the market.
WQAM would have to eat a lot of contracts,
mainly Niels knew five-year deal,
which just started last month.
I think a lot of these rumors are started
by the competition rights Tom.
Tom doesn't write to me though anymore.
The real little Tommy Jicke, he doesn't write to me.
No.
Because I know if it was him, because we've got our code.
You know, we've got a code word that he,
but since he was on the other day
and allegedly ripping me an ass on Sid's show, you know.
It's a New York thing, man.
New York.
New York is just stick together.
Just like when Tommy used to be on with Sandy Payton,
that lovely lady.
Oh, Greg B. Delts back again,
and he sends me a picture of Steve Stanson
looking very, very ugly.
He says, I'm beside myself
that you and George don't remember Steve Stanson.
Who said we did?
97 GTR and Zeta.
Who said we didn't?
A great voice, and why I made some comment
you may have been out there,
that I just barely remember him.
A great voice, and probably the best rock and roll DJ
in Miami Radio history.
Oh my God.
You would you believe that?
No.
A great guy on top of that,
although he looks a little like Joseph Gackie.
Greg, he don't look at all like Joseph Gackie.
He ain't got no like penis face, like Joe Z.
And let me remind you one thing, Greg.
George Gackie sucks, okay?
Amen.
Greg B. Delts.
I'm beginning to believe it's the real one.
He's a nut job.
Like that, he is.
Nevertheless.
By the way, everybody hates you, Greg,
still more than ever.
Never less what?
I don't believe it is.
You don't believe anybody is for real, correct?
What about Rich, uh, Rich Pactor?
Oh, who would pretend to be him?
Excellent point.
Scott and Pinellas Park, who's beyond chronic,
says to me the best thing he's ever done,
Mark Hamill, is the voice of the Joker
and the Batman Animated Series.
He has perfect in that role.
I tune it late so I don't know if you mentioned this,
but when I hear don't worry, be happy.
It reminded me of those in SIPA WTVJ spots
before they're switched when we seen late idiot.
Yeah, we did mention that and talk about it at length.
Don't worry, be happy.
Yeah, it sucked.
Just like Tony cigarette or sucked too,
but now he's retired.
Bye, Tony.
You're silly guy.
It's not personal.
It's just business.
You're silly.
Fake emailer writes,
jolly joe bell saved my marriage.
Neil recently I've been having marriage problems.
The wife has been unhappy with my performance
because when it comes to the bedroom,
I'm quick drama.
Anyway, why am I telling you this?
Because while looking through your website,
I found a picture of you in that ding-bag joe bell.
Is vile physique, his yellow teeth from drinking too much coffee,
that pale skin were engraved into my brain.
What has been seen can't be unseen.
Anyway, now whenever I'm with the wife,
I picture jolly joe in my head and I calm down if you know what I mean.
So please, if you see jolly joe, thank him for me.
He may have just saved my marriage.
Thanks a lot, jolly joe.
You fairy.
Oh, John James, whose main thing is a George complaint.
Every time he emails is about you.
Great.
John James.
What if he's kin to Jesse?
George was complaining last week about his new salary.
Boohoo, stop crying, George.
Your lucky jolly joe took pity upon you.
He didn't fire you.
And you were complaining about not getting a free car.
No, George.
No.
It's not a free car.
Gotta get my diet seven up.
Stop your whining.
Do your job right, George.
Any can ask joe bell for more money in a car.
I bet you still haven't gone to five guys like Neil last.
Neil should give you one more chance and then fire you.
Neil, please get on top of George already.
Oh, I'm sure not doing that.
What a horrible thought that is.
Get on top of George.
Brackum.
Very sad.
Oh, God.
Rich and Orlando says when I was a teenager,
I thought the worst job in the world had to be as a country music disc jockey.
When I heard wail and Jennings and his stumping bass play a brand
of progressive country music I'd never heard before I changed my mind.
He didn't wear those rhinestones suits and didn't use a steel guitar to simulate a tear drop.
The Texas sound is finally overwhelmed Nashville.
It was a breath of fresh air.
It'll never be your cup of tea nor was it ever the liking of mainstream Nashville.
But old wail and started a genre of country music known as outlawed country.
And with William Nelson and a few others this the sound still thrives today.
Given the choice of wail under the big bopper,
I'm bad things turned out the way it did.
As Don I'm a said wail and Jennings was truly the best country music singer ever.
I agree.
By the way, if you see an I'm a son TV lately, he looks like cousin it on a bad hair day.
Says rich and Orlando.
If you see an I'm a son TV lately, no.
And I'm here.
I could cure.
I could cure.
Oh, no.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Well, here we go again.
I remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than your shack.
My beliefs are once required.
You avoid a lack of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours religion.
My religion's better than yours.
While my religion annotates, bittersy, and racial hate.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
What we like about it best, I found the voice and wear a dress. My religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
I speak of it. We had no respect for women. Driver cab to make a living. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
Absolutely.
Kupa harpura spooky ghost. We slatter pigs and dogs and goats. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
We went in a centric jail instead of able to pay me ill. My religion is better than yours.
Please. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
We now go and or so farther. You like Fuller brushes, you are new. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains.
We're mindless living, don't create.
My religion's better than yours.
146.14 till 2QA.
And we got the big...oh!
Oh!
Coming up at 2.
And then Mad Dog is at the Schulz-Saf-Fanile.
And then after that, well...
I'm going to have to go back to the studio.
Barbara, one of your many female listeners, it says, writes,
I've been thinking the same thing about A-Rod and the Pink Lipstick for years.
Every time I see a money-anky broadcast, his lips are bright pink.
I don't know if they're stained from too much bubble gum, but they sure are pink.
It's his Barbara.
Well, I'm glad I'm not the only one who saw it.
I've never seen any guy with pink lips, have you?
No.
Maybe like an albino, you know?
Yeah, when it gets really cold outside, I'll get purple lips.
I think you live in a purple haze.
Oh yeah.
I could be wrong, but I...
No, you're not wrong.
Purple haze.
What was that expression we had?
I wrote it down.
Quiet despair.
Oh yeah, living a white...
Quiet despair.
Oh!
That's us.
I wrote it down too.
Quiet despair.
I know exactly where I wrote it too.
That's how quiet I am.
Let's see.
Brackdom.
Yeah.
Redlands, Jimses, I'm far from a sports freak.
I've caught some of D.A. show over the last few weeks.
I think you're wrong about his abilities.
He is a broadcaster.
There's a good show.
Big zero, however, is a drag.
Have I ever said that D.A. does a bad show?
No.
You know what time I've ever heard him in my life is when he's filling in for a little dog in the morning.
And I've never said he does a bad show.
He's got a good voice.
He's a broadcaster.
He belongs on here.
But for whatever reason, his specialty is...
Oh!
He couldn't draw an audience.
He couldn't attract a bunch of flies to wish midfile.
Why I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, the signal is horrendous and he's following an hour of absolute dead air, but nevertheless.
That's his specialty as a matter of fact.
He's the dead air follower.
You know those bits, Mr. D.A. follower, Mr. Tupaclera.
Yeah.
Congratulations, Mr. D.A. follower for that point of 9 to 10 pm.
Oh, here's the thing about where's the list.
Tupaclera almost all the way through the show.
See an ad again is because I go, put these things at the bottom because they come in early.
This came in at 538 last night.
Bob says, where's the list came from when Joe Gerstin got caught with a hooker and there was a list that couldn't be found.
Right.
Whatever happened to Joe Gerstin, he disappeared.
Who was really in Hawaii or some fitness trail?
He was in Australia.
He was down under when he lives and he's very successful down there now.
Really?
Yes.
He's a successful striker down there now.
Joe Gerstin?
Apparently.
Wow.
Why the hell would a guy like him want to bamboo shout a South Florida?
Oh, gee, I don't know.
Skater?
Oh, I'll find it.
Where's the list?
Yeah.
Searching you'll find it.
Well, here's the story from Clearwater.
Tommy Rassier says he was about to use a toilet stall at Lowe's home improvement center in Pinellas Park last August when something terrible happened.
It was terrible.
According to a lawsuit filed in Pinellas Circuit Court, Rassier was about to sit down when a person I know to him pushed open the stall door hitting Rassier in the head and neck when the door with the door and pushing him back into the toilet.
You envisioning this?
Okay.
He hit him in the head and neck with the door.
Rassier thought the stall door was locked and false Lowe's for failing to maintain the door locking mechanism.
The suit says Lowe's was negligent and permitting a dangerous condition.
Rassier ledgesy suffered bodily injury, disfigurement, mental anguish and other problems from the encounter.
His wife, Deborah Sue LaMay, Rassier is also a plaintiff in the suit.
A manager at Lowe's store at 7301 Park Boulevard in Queerwater referred questions to Lowe's public relations office in North Carolina.
A spokesman there says the company doesn't comment on pending lawsuits.
And Rassier's lawyer says he can't comment on the suit until he speaks with his client.
That'll teach him a thing or two, eh?
Indeed.
Ten years after was one of the...
Now this comes from a guy who's obviously very politically confused.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Ten years after was one of the first right-wing rock songs, especially the lyric,
tax the rich, feed the poor until there are no rich, no more.
That's right, wing.
I don't think that's what it says.
First of all, and then no.
The answer to the question is no.
He's got his wings confused, man.
Peter, you got your wings.
It's left wing.
Not right wing.
Tax the rich, feed the poor until there are no rich, no more.
No more, I think, is what it says.
But we can check that out on the internet.
Until there are no more.
My poor.
No more.
No more.
No more.
No more.
No more.
Do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Ron says, what does going on here?
Oh, this is interesting.
They took the PSAs off the internet and put on Faggery and Neal spots.
Who do you have?
Are there what?
What?
Until there are no rich, no more.
Who do you have to do to get at least this amount of support?
Give them all the old stuff you can't play on your regular show.
Maybe there is a God.
Yes, Neil God.
They took those PSAs off and they put some fag stuff on I don't know. I don't either but that's what Ron tells us I
Mean like like we're supposed to know what else going on here
Like somebody's gonna tell us what the hell is going on nobody tells us nothing
No, of course that's probably involved with your buddy Josh Cortes. Mr. I don't wanna whatever whatever it is. I don't want
So very soon March 1 is never when the tubby Chris takes over the what I heard the stories
That's the rumor that that's the rumor was anybody gonna give me like an official or is it just
Maybe anybody like a horse race that's never to do to fish one of those guys will want to what guys one of the two people involved
Okay
Okay, can you believe we caught up with just about all the emails? I can't believe it. I am so damn proud of myself
And that was even with all that that great
question from that long-haired and Fort Myers
Did you ever see the guy? Yeah, what a weirdo. Yeah, welcome to Florida, Mr. President
Here's one of our resident four Myers-Lung kids. I bet he's partly beasley clan. Yes, me
So here's the official how many votes we got?
431 not too bad the most overplayed song on the radio is or was
stairway to heaven 59 you light up my life 53 a battle man a battle royal
Chris
My hard pile on MSFBC I feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl is wearing a skirt and those
Shrampi thigh-heist and the wind just blew over my coachy
Even though the economy is daysmo and I run seems to be crambling
I feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old girl to see twilight
Welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to hotpot got Alan Malawi of four Robert Nudellie of Chrysler and Richard wagon of a GM
Welcome to program gentlemen. Let's start with you Richard didn't know if you realize that you actually named after a station wagon
That's nice name is wagon. Yeah, it's like a station wagon. That's funny. No, I think it's funny
Maybe not if it's sent to him right away. Let's go to you. I'll essentially think it's funny to Richard wagon
His last name is actually from a station wagon. I think I know comedy anyway. What he's doing an elephant with three balls
You're welcome in pension in jirai. Anyway, we know stop for the sports
That's why we are
Forced leader
It's me
part
Q
Very two
Oh
For from Alaska a hot remote in both Sarah some folk through some colleges
After leaving Idaho she met a guy named Tom who's a drunk in Eskimo
She modeled in her bathing suit in a local beauty show
Then she got again in the media broadcasting force for old
You're fair she ran to be the mayor in the town of 52
Then he came to governor of the state with the girls are few
She kept the money for the earmarks that she got approved
And Sarah named her children trick and track and dignity too
Where the battle chart dealing up with cranked in was still up for
For from Alaska ary two in Eskimo
For from Alaska a hot skibam picked up
Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Abu Gara
Remets Abu some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a battery pack
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used
Use to the torture cause we're just playing their game
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam who's saying
Bye bye
