The music's press that the previous program
Oh wow
and collars and do not reflect the
myself back
It's that's that's our agency
Probably because
I have a case
Five single
You
You
I'm not
the
Two what I mean
And I'm still here myself back
Oh nothing's playing off with the
Echo you hear that
Yeah nothing's playing off with the
the AV air it's not firing
Really excellent see if I can
I said our new studios which I'm
Here myself back echo echo
Wow
Not good
D.A.Y.
S.U.C.K.S
That's a good thing
How about now sounds great
Yeah
I'm the author
Save a win of black as a Dan
I want to hop inside my company car
I got the pictures and taxidied
Out of my hand I'm gonna make it
You a radio star
I'm older save a baby
I can do anything I wanna do
And your consultant
And I'm gonna make it
You a radio star
The humanity
You afraid
I'm trying to
Of you
Of yourselves
To dance
Really
Two
And you'll do anything I want you to you
I'm your consultant woman
Spread your name when I desire you
I'm gonna vote ya
I'm your consultant woman
That's why I'm a consultant
Cause I'm just an ass
Well
Good thing I was prepared for that, isn't it?
Yeah
Especially with all the technical diffugalies we're having
I don't hear the echo though anymore
But it sounds really funky everything in here
Yeah it's weird in my ears
Is it weird in your ear?
Cause you're only in my left channel
Let me see
No everything here is puking out the way it always does
Sounds to me like maybe some technical diffugalies there
Although let's do a little quick test
On the phone let me punch up the bat line
Okay
Uh oh
Uh oh
And I won't drop it won't do anything
Uh oh
I'll punch him up and they go on hold right away
And then when I try to drop him
Uh oh
They won't drop
What if I hit him my line?
Oh
That works
Hmm
Well how come this thing ain't working?
Try it now
How about the bat line?
Can you disconnect the bat line?
Uh
Strange
There I think that works
It worked?
Well I disconnected it
Yeah but I punched up line 2
And it still got that same bizarre symbol on it
Oh no
Well like I said why should we have tested that out ahead of time
You know as long we got the clock in the dots
Everything is A-OK
Oh
Not wow
Are you kidding me?
Punch up a line again
Punch up a phone line a real one
Okay
Okay line 4 I can see it
You hear it?
Okay A-Tis ringing
Q-A-M hello
I punched up 8
Now that just does that strange little funky symbol again
Yeah
Oh no
Oh no wait a minute
Oh they're gone
Wait a minute
D-V-2
Now maybe that's gonna do it
I fixed it Q-A-M hello
You're okay great
Well if they got you fixed it
What happened to you little butt-outer?
Yeah
How you doing?
Okay
We'll see you later
Okay
Yeah okay me see you too
What's the story
Is that as much level as we're getting out of the pot?
I think I can put it up more
I had to change a configuration from D-D-1 to D-D-2
I think I'm gonna spray some D-D-T
Can't hurt
Wow if we got technical issues or what?
Q-A-M hello
Hello can you hear me now
I'm here
Hello
Niel
Niel
Niel
I'm here
Go away
Q-A-M hello
Hello Niel
Yes
Hey you coming in loud and clear and pull a letter down Niel
Great thanks for the good news
Okay happy Shavuas
Okay so they work after a sword but they sound really bad
Yeah it didn't sound good
Really really bad
And when I punch up the line there's like this long delay
between when they start oh my god
This is another technical nightmare
Oh my god
And if I wouldn't have known because we've had that before
to do the configuration thing
and switch to the other one
That's the only way you get rid of those stupid symbols
So that was down a hundred points
We are here at least for the time being
Although Tom Jicca evidently is hearing things
I didn't speak to Tom
I just want everybody to understand that he wrote that Q&A
I think he wrote the question himself
I've accused him of that for years
He makes up the questions
Thanks for the publicity time we need all the help we can get
And the reason I played that Walter Sabo thing is
because I found out through the grapevine
that Walter Sabo and Jolly Jo Bell are real tight bunnies
Well we've got consultants Niel
and your number 24 in your demo
and Bo we're going to do this
and we've got to change your show around it
Yeah, get prepared for the Ding Dong school
with clearance when he comes back from honey morning
What is clearance going to tell us about doing this show
I don't know
Come on, what's he going to tell us?
Yeah, exactly
At any rate, so Tom maybe who knows what's going on
I don't know, they don't...
One thing about this company, they'll never tell you the truth
Not to your face
They do all sorts of devious things behind your back
Let's see
What's the date today?
Today is the eighth
Eight
Okay, great
I don't understand why some people
adults know that I'm doing this show
but at any rate
The uphold today is a reverse
Somebody suggested this last week
Don't do what movie that you love
that they like the best do the one they hate the most
because it's a negative
they enjoy the negatives much more
in South Florida
Negative
Well, that thing with a phone is just mind blowing
Now, I know what happens if you punch it up
Punch up line one
Okay
QAM, hello
Yes, sir
Oh, that was good
Now what happened there?
He said hey and then hung up, it sounds like
You want to try line eight?
Sure, go ahead
Go ahead, QAM, hello
Go ahead
No, try line six
I'm your man, I'm your man
Yeah, okay, go to hell
Oh, boy
270 votes on the new poll
Here's the way we worded it
Of all the movies, Neil Loves, which one do you hate the most?
See, that's more up their alley
Town did Mr Ripley 33
That's probably because it's too gay
You know, like me, too gay
Magnolia 27, Clockwork Orange 27
I hate them all 21
I haven't seen any of these movies 19
You believe these numbers?
These numbers are as credible as the ratings
Dracula 17, the Exorcist 16, Faso 16,
Requiem for Dream 16,
Christine 15, that was on again yesterday
And I watched it again
Glen Gary Glen Ross 15, Deliverance 13, Godfather 9,
Oh my God, 9 people hate the Godfather
How is that possible?
Can you imagine?
No
This is the business we've chosen
Network 8, Imaginary Hero 7, the Covenant 6, the hospital 4, and Godfather Part 2
1
So you can put anything on there
Do you hate the food?
Do you hate sex? Do you hate reading the first year?
Ah, yeah we hate it, we hate, we hate, we hate
Etc
Oh boy
Oh the fake Tom Jikker sends me the thing from the real Tom Jikker
Because if I don't already have that, I already got it fake Tommy
By the way, I'm convinced that Walter Sabre was the fake red butyl
Really?
Yeah I think I put the pieces of the puzzle together
We had a lot of mysterious stuff going on behind the scenes
Hmm
Annabelle says is it true George was fired?
We've had some technical difficulties
I just read that George was fired over something about profanity
No, George was fired over money
So they said
Can you please review what that Sucky Station did to him
And you're needing to work more during your summer vacation
There in North Sheez in North Carolina Annabelle
She says love you and I'm glad I moved the hell out of that hell hole
Well good luck to Annabelle
Yeah George got canned allegedly because they didn't want to pay him
So we got Flea now who works for free on this show
Flea for free
Well some of these people are a little bit behind a curve
Absolutely
Now let me ask you something, you notice that only certain lines are ringing on here
Yeah, let me try line three
Listen to that, yeah that sounds really bad
Line four
What happens if you hit eight?
How come I can't cure riddle I'm three
There it goes
QAM, hello
Neil how are you? Okay
I just want to say something
These things are clean
The rent team is to get you back from Toronto to
Because things on everything is just for your show
And I just try to make you unhappy
And after they just laugh at everything else
That's the last thing I gotta tell you to do
And they know you're not gonna walk away from all the money you make
So
Yeah
So I tell you something I enjoy your show
It turns out I did since you came on here with AEM
When I first heard you
And you still did great but
They're destroying your show and every time you had a little bit of chemistry
They do something and tear it up
And it's just horrible what you're doing but I still listen
And everybody I know this is real
So those ratings are a sham
Okay thanks a lot
We're hanging
We're hanging I'm not having a whooping organism like David the Caridine but nevertheless
That was on 93 point
I don't know if we can continue with these calls because the audio is just it just sounds horrible
Yeah it's pretty bad
And when you punch them up
When you punch them up
Cold
Just to get the dial tone
They all sound like that
And you know this when I try to get oh boy this is a mess
Very well planned very well put together nice going jolly jo
But we got the dots we got the dots baby
All right I sat down here this morning thinking oh everything is just
Fine is punky pie you know
We got the clock working on there we got the dots going we're in the new studio
Such as it is
And then your thing we started you couldn't play whatever was you had to play
And what was that all about
I don't know the av was in firing from the board but I can fire it with the mouse now so
I think we're okay for now
So the audio fault is um on the
Potskeyed
Right
But it's going to play the spots because if we don't play the spots there's no point in even being here
Well I can't fire from the board but I can use a mouse to fire it so
Use your mouse okay
I'll mouse it
Point it
Bang it
Click it
You know in the KYSUKS
Prices at the pump
And upward in some local areas they've officially reached record highs this morning
And no question about it it's really starting to take a financial toll on drivers
Way back when
In 67
We have a never do
Boy this must be serious
She's caused a few less
The pump was designed
Come on, how's it even?
Oh it's gorgeous
Oh that's great
Smells nice too
It's really killing
We'll never be able to afford my live injection
That's in humanity
I can't help fail you
I can't believe my eyes
419
419
419
1.5
I can't build up at all
Won't try many more
Til the price is small
I think we're out of gas
They can't afford to pay for it
This is not the new band you can do about it
QIM, hello
Neil how you doing?
Okay sir
You hear me?
I hear you. You hear me? Okay. I hear you're wonderful. Two things. That's why I'm pretty like turned off by reading an article by
The gentleman in his son, Satinoh that kind of is not on your side. He's almost like an ojampavakador himself, you know
He comes over. Yeah, I don't think you like you. Why do you say that? Well, you know, he didn't really
In the article that was in either Foddy or satyrs on this paper. It just wasn't really a positive
spin on
The whole show or maybe even negative management it just it was wasn't a good article. You know really wasn't a good article
It's not an article. It's a question of answer. Oh, okay. I'm sorry another thing and the paper today
They're lamb burning, which is I believe the
Broward County the VSO sheriff is going to let out 40,000 prisoners or inmates because there was an article written up
someone did a good job of
Detective work and found out how many men are making over 150,000 dollars and overtime as
Not
Police man or sheriff's but as guards
What is that all about?
I don't know when you find out let us know
Now did that do that get rid of that or what? Yeah, I think they got the phone thing fixed
Who's they well Steph was in here potchkin around with something and all in the phone and okay
We'll try it out
And I got rid of it. Okay, great. Thanks, Steph
Wow, oh, that's a good guy
You know what this guy was talking about no, I have no idea now Saturday morning
I'm sleeping bed like most normal people at seven o'clock on a Saturday morning sound asleep and my blackberry
three times
So waste me up and I reach over and I look at it figuring seven o'clock on a Saturday morning. What the hell is this
Jeff River all three of them tagged
Oh
And you've been sent photos on tagged and I thought what the hell is that
So after I eventually crawl out of bed I come in here and I look at my PC
and my hotmail
And sure enough here's the these tagged things and
Uh, you want to see you've been sent photos on tag you want to see them? Yes or no
And of course you click yes because you don't know what else all about and as soon as you click yes
You've had it uh-oh
And so I googled it because what it does is it immediately triggers off emails with the same craft to everybody on your email list
And then when they click on yes, it does it's it's like a chain
reaction right
So I googled it and uh found little information now it says do not open a tagged email
There's a new email virus circulating
It says I and a few of my friends have been receiving it
Appears to have photos from a legitimate friend and as the subject line you'll be tagged later in the day
Rimmer putting apology on there to the abominion people on his uh email
List that all got this crap
Oh, I've been I've been scammed. I've been I'm so sorry. Yeah, leave me alone, Rimmer
It says do not open the email or register to open the photos
It's a virus and will open your email up for loads of spam in addition to sending it to everyone in your email database
How do you like that?
Hmm a new scam sending spam
tagged
And I google Wikipedia on it that says tag.com is a social networking site that's had numerous consumer complaints lodges against it
For its practices and is regarded as a phishing and spamming site by consumer anti fraud advocates
Tag provides a feature whereby users are invited to provide it with their email username and password
And then we'll check their email address books for contacts and repeatedly send email invitation to people who are not yet on tag claiming that they've been added as a
Framed or had photos of them tagged
This process has met some criticism in the technology press and from some users the resemblance to a viruses often been mentioned
Including by watchdog sites like snopes.com
Once the user receives an email inviting them to see the photos the email addresses recorded their deluge with spam from other companies
How do you like that? So if you get that tag crab just get rid of it right away immediately if not sooner
Okay, what was this guy talking about Tom jik is not my friend
Yeah, I guess that I couldn't understand he can't jump all over the place
Tom jikka is a okay in my book and he's the one he's the one guy in the media
Well, I guess Ellie Brecher, but he writes about dead people
But he's he's the guy I can count on the right positive things about me and about the show and about the 33 years
I've been doing this in a market even though I don't know what I'm doing anymore because we have a new rating system
And we have one bad month and 11 and a half years and right away
I'm number 24 in my demo and I need consultants. I need to have he now he now the GM wants us to do ding dong school with clearance
That is the ultimate slap in the face. You know what?
I'm still here today. I'm still gonna take the check
I'm still showing up every day like I told you jolly joe you're gonna have to have me killed
If anybody out there reads about me being murdered someday soon
You'll know where the bullet came from
Anyway, the question on Tom jikka's Q&A in the Suncentral Law TV book yesterday is our Neil Rogers days numbered at WQM
I won't read the question, but I will read Tom's answer jikka says reading that T leaves his south foot is number one radio
Participation sport firing George supposedly for budgetary reasons certainly was an in your face to Neil who thought his contract protected George
Now Neil says the station wants him to curtail his summer vacation. He's adamant. This is not gonna happen and it is not
Also after more than three decades on the year he's been given suggestions on how to improve his program
Clearly the situation is deteriorating, but Neil is much too smart to just walk away from the more than three million dollars
Still owed him on his contract. However, I wouldn't rule out a buy out at some points. Is Tom
I like that last part. I wouldn't rule out a buy out at some point like right now sounds good before 10 30 would be good
Right at check. Go ahead. Yeah
So where do you see anything negative in there regarding me?
I don't I don't know what this guy was talking about and I think that makes several of us
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got the phones working again. I think it should be nice to try it out
Let's get some line checkers on there and pound 5 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, Jake Van Toe here. I'll go. Oh God
Reverend Jones
And that's it we open up the phones again for the first time in months we want our calls
And I wait and we got nothing there's something going on there
Do you believe that no and why does line 8 keep ringing that doesn't make any sense there's something wrong with this phone setup
Are you sure that that line works line 8? No, I'm not out of mean that the number
Uh, I guess so I don't really know
Oh
An email from Joe Bill. Uh-oh knowing how much you hate me
I didn't open up the email I received from you on Saturday
I knew there was no way you'd send a pictures of anything. Thank God for small miracles good move Joe
How do you like that knowing how much you hate me? I didn't open it up
Oh
Don't don't you think that he's got some managing to do with something anything besides
Emailing me
He didn't open that thing up. That's good good move
Anybody else who got it I apologize profusely, but you can call up Jeff Rimmer and Columbus, Ohio and blame him
For setting off a chain reaction you have been tagged you want to see the photos from your friend no no
Just deleted immediately if anybody sends that to you just delete it and just wish them a great life or not Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yes, man. I don't you know, I don't get to listen to you any much much anymore because I generally listen to satellite radio
Yeah, but for some reason my satellite radio is down on the internet good. Hey, so
I'm listening to you, but I heard that is this can we talk about this? I heard that George is no longer there
Yeah, what do you want it? What's there to say he's fired? Yeah
When was that when did that happen? Oh about a month ago
Oh, okay, you know as long as George is with you and you're the greatest, but as long as George is with you he never really got that good
I know what was I mean he never got that good as what I mean I thought he'd be a lot better when he when he you know
He took over and would do the show for you. I mean, I don't really want to get into like George bashing
He's not there to defend himself, but I
I just when he was on that was that click my time not listening to that
But I guess he was a decent sidekick for you, but I did not thought when he did the shows he was was really bad
But it's nice to hear you and I mean I'd love I'd love to see you do that. I get on satellite
Not gonna happen. I know you love the FCC so much. Let me say it again. It's not gonna happen sir. It's like it's like, you know
Harding into a windstorm ain't gonna happen
Said no
You
You go out
Just find weed your money stays
You can't see
Another way
To fill your need
You try to think of two good stories some bud. Oh, yeah
Oh
Yeah, almost switch to boomers. I'm sure pipe design with passion. Oh, yeah, gonna have to scrape that you're addicted to bud
My
Dictative
Might as well
My
Dictative
My
Yeah, there's something really screwed up with these bones man because every time there's a call it comes in on line eight
The first one you know what I mean. Yes, that said they're trying to reroute the 800 number. That's the ones you're having problems with
Well, what does that mean? I don't know. That's just what he said though
Oh boy, so another resist this is an experiment. This this is not a thing that was ready to go
Let me punch up a couple eyes and see what happens
Oh, we don't have that Quuggle anymore. Yeah, they seem to fix that
Okay, no Quuggle
Although this that one went on hold again. Why why do they go on our whole? I don't understand but anyway
I got rid of it and he says now see that guy started a chain reaction
That guy ripping George now George is not here anymore. Okay, George got fired
Allegedly for budgetary reasons, but probably to piss me off so that I would walk out which I didn't do and all you people
That said oh jeez if you just walk out they'll bring George back if you know if I walked out I give them exactly what they want
Called shooting yourself in the foot all these experts out there on my life
And you think those people are gonna bring me a bag of money every
Found the 10th or 15th of every month when my bills are a dude. No
Those are the same people are aren't gonna bring George 50 cent
So you should do this and you should do that yeah
Did they have this something screwed up with the phone?
Eddie says I'm sorry to hear about George, but he really did suck
You would think that George being alongside a pro such as yourself. He would have gotten better
But he never did isn't that what this guy just got through San
In fact, this whole email is what this guy just got through saying I have serious radio now
So I really listened to you anymore, but I still love you and remember the old days
I'm listening today because my serious online is on the blink
Hey, Neil. I know you're a very old fact, but I wish you were on satellite radio. It's not too late screw the FCC
Neil God
Eddie Miller Neil God, but he doesn't listen much anymore because he's got satellite. Thanks Eddie
Yeah, sounds like a guy same guy
One yeah, it sounded like the exact same guy. Yeah, it sounded just like the guy to call who didn't make any sense
The fake Tom jikus is the Walter Sable bit and the fake Greg Vidal reference a hint that you were normally
Been discussions with serious XM. No, it's not and don't start that crap again. We're not in discussions with anybody
We got a valid contract right here and we intend to honor our end of it as long as the parties down the other end to honor their end
In other words, keep the checks coming to cut the crap
W. Q. I. Am hello
Uh, any sunny hearse clog going the line
No, not anymore. Oh, it sounds good. Yeah, you sound great Neil. Yeah, okay. Have a great day. Bye
You know when I last took calls, I think November of last year here. It is. It's the eighth of June
Eighth of June and they still have nothing to say
About anything
567 05 60 see ordinarily wouldn't you expect that the lines would all be lit up?
You know, they'd be ringing like crazy people frustrated
They haven't been able to call for like a month. We want our phones back. We want to hear the calls. Where are they? Hmm?
Well, there's something screwed up for them. It's got to be
No, that one works. They they work, but they're not ringing
You know, I mean by that? Yes Q. A. M. Hello
Q. A. M. Ola
Any help yes, sir
Uh, what hurts more the fact that
567 05 60 pound 560 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line
Don't know you are you looking at the phone
Yeah, I'm looking at it. You see any calls?
I see line eight ringing eight eight is ringing again eight is the only one that rings first
This whole thing is so technically screwed up that there are no words to describe it Q. A. M. Hello
I want my choice right? Of course, it's a lot easier to criticize than this to do the working
You know what they say it's a lot easier to critique than to do the engineering work
That's what I've heard that's what I heard from an expert
Rob says did you hear what happened in David Keradine?
Why you were off? No, it wasn't while I was off it happened on Thursday
And I was sitting right here when we got the thing that he died
They say he died because the orgasm was so powerful it caused his heart to give out
This has to be one of the most badass deaths of all time
She wish line is ringing
Yep line eight
Q. A. M. One line radio hello
Hello, yes
Hey, Neil thank you for inviting me to call. I appreciate it. How you doing?
Okay, hey
I'll tell you your show is the most compelling when you have
When you interact with people with different people like when you had the oh man the big oh
Also, we back we back to good guy
uh, I like to urge and
uh
What else do you know I caught a I caught a Chinese my breaking into my van on Saturday night
You know
Yeah, I'm you're still on don't ask me wild
You hear that
He didn't say it but he started to
The I'm sitting here assuming that these lines all work but they don't I went anybody in fact let me try something okay? Okay
All I can't do it
oh
Well, this thing is just absolutely screwed up totally screwed up Q. I. Am hello
nail yes, sir. Hey, don't you okay best I can
Hey, Neil listen, I know that you hate when people tell you what to do and stuff like that
I know it rubs you the wrong way
But man, I scratch my head every time that they tell you to see the shot's like redemption and you put it down man
You really owe it to yourself to see it. It's a great movie
What would you know what what what what does that mean? I owe it to myself to see it. What what does that mean?
Because I know the taste of movies that you have and I know for a fact you're gonna like this movie
I guarantee you're gonna like this movie. Yeah
So when you get a chance just just check it out man, okay?
I can see if you like it or not if you don't like it then I totally misread the way you like movies
Okay, and one more thing as a ps everybody who hates Miami do like me
He left at least he backed his own words and left that's true
And I got sure and I got sure as hell use the leg room. I love it down here and it's too congested
So we'll pack your medio note and everybody get the hell out. Okay. See you. Thank you
WQ I am hello
Neil yes sir. How are you today? Okay. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Okay. I got a question for you. Yeah
If you win on satellite, wouldn't you be able to use your old stick? Let me ask you this question
Sure what makes you think that that's possible if that's gonna happen
Well, that's okay scenario you get to buy out from QAM. What what what no way wait a minute
That's not an answer to the question. What part of it's not gonna happen which I've told you people a million times
What part of that don't you understand? I?
Understand what you say and I just think that you got to be open for new ideas
I'm I'm wide open to it, but there's no interest there. There's never been an offer of one dime on the table from serious
XM any of those people not a penny
Well, you never know
Okay, you never know that that's a good answer
That's a hell of a outlook on life. Well, what are you gonna do with the rest of the last few years of your pathetic life? Oh, I don't know you never know
How stupid is it to be possible?
Do you know I'm saying I didn't say that well. No, but I think it was possible to me that's stupid that these people don't understand
I'm not going anywhere. Okay?
I'm not going anywhere. There's no money in this business anymore
Don't you understand and the people that's here is oh, we don't have any money. We're fresh out of money and we're on the verge of bankruptcy
And blah blah blah blah like that and cheap channels on the verge of bankruptcy too
Nobody has any money anymore. Don't you understand that we're in the middle of a depression not a recession a depression
Nobody has any money everybody's getting canned and all but you are you owe it to yourself to a watch
Shashank and then go on serious
Floridians done as dirt. I was on the other guys ballot
What other guy the Republican guy oh no, man. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry today. I want to break which one did you vote for?
I'm not gonna get into it, Ted. You'll freak out on me. Okay?
Not no way. Yeah
That that hooded freak
What's one of these Pacific? What's his name man? I'm not gonna argue
Ted Turner. Yes
I voted for Ted Turner
Come over
The thought police Ted this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side
Give me the chance to vote for the side
What my pal rink voted for a Nazi. I knew this would be I didn't vote for a Nazi
14 before 11 at 560 wqa.m
We got the big O2 mad dog four to seven and then we got dolphin tonight at seven o'clock. Oh boy
Dolphin tonight with DA and then DA from 8 to 11. What's that all about? Where's Kimba bloke camper?
He's on vacation I guess. Oh good
The dead bob glasseter says can't get through on the 567 number. It's busy. It's busy
Well, it may be busy, but it ain't ringing on my phone. Is it ringing on your phone other than line 8? Just line 8
That's the only one it rings Q.A.M. Hello
Hello. Yes sir. Meal. How you doing? Okay. Uh, it's incredible the way that
Your GM has destroyed that station
First 80k
Hank
George and then even killed Ken Maulton, you know, yeah, that's
I mean and a lot of them. Why don't think we're we're choices of financial
Yeah, cuz Ken would mean an 80k. Well, I don't think they were making that much and they had a great bandis and
And I don't know. I think the I think the moms behind it. You know any of you have a
WQ a.m. Hello
Oh, I don't think line 6 works to be honest with it rings
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hola, we're choices of financial
Hello
Yes sir
I just wanted to say thank you for playing that reconcursion that was for me
I was reminiscing with some friends the other day that the best line up ever on
Yeah, okay. Yeah, we know boring
The best line up ever on iod was you and Rick and sons and Phil and Randy and blah blah blah oh my god
Get some new material. Okay, go find some new friends and maybe they'll talk about something interesting
You notice that tag thing how much of these people are responding about that no matter what I talk about they got something else on their mind
And it's usually boring
Oh, the best line up ever was well, you know, what this is the same crap are you sure
So it's exactly the same as well when you go to serious. I'm not going to serious
Oh, but when you do you'll you can do this and you can do that. Well, what are we going to do about this phone situation?
I'm not sure the engineers are aware of the problem. So I don't know what else I can do on my end
They said they're rerouting something whatever that means route this
They're rerouting their back home
The real Josh Cortes says oh, please Neil don't make me work with flea all summer
He's a good enough guy, but spending four whole hours with him on Friday was brutal
He brought in Woody Graber with a lame old tired polcanoes comedy routine. You had Woody Graber on no
PD Lenny I heard PD Lenny came by oh
Oh, you put PD Lenny on the air on this show because he had free stuff to give away
He want because he gave us some free stuff to give away
It says Woody freaking Graber they can't even get the the name right. Yeah, wasn't Woody Graber was PD Lenny, which is even worse
Seriously, Neil if I have to do three days a week during the summer I made David Keradine myself. Please help Josh Josh Cortes
Yeah, I have a few emails about the show on Friday. I figured you would
One of them is very long
Robert from Seattle Washington, no less who listens online obviously
Hello, Neil. I listen to Lee and Josh this past Friday with an open mind to see what kind of shows the listening audience could expect this summer
Oh my god, it says oh my god
In the first segment they had a long discussion about all the gay stuff in the studio
Lee asked Josh have you had ever seen gay porn in Josh admitted he did
Then Lee starts talking about how he was in a gay bar in South Beach with some friends and his wife
He has a wife, you know, and they were showing a gay porn flick on the TV
Then he starts talking about the gay bars in South Beach
Lee sure seems to know a lot about gay bars in South Beach Josh seemed really interested
About the fact that there was gay porn being shown in the bar wanted no more about it
Haha
At 1308 into the show archive 1308
If you 108 yeah
Josh actually admits that he respects gay porn. Well, what it was that mean he respects it
I don't understand what that means. I don't remember that
Then they start talking about a computer virus that announces I'm watching gay porn finally
They decided to butcher up a bit and start talking about the hooter girls
Later in the show archive starting at 12340
For this guy's just that 1324 no 12340 they go into another gay discussion
Which Lee admits that for the right amount of money he would oh, I can't read that
Then he says that for million dollars he would do a lot of things
Josh replies that for the same amount he wouldn't get fully with a man
Because he couldn't live off that amount of money for the rest of his life
But he then proceeded to give Josh some financial advice how to invest the million bucks
The final gay statement starts at 24028 and two ends it
And at 241 15 Lee admits that having a wife doesn't mean you're not gay at 241 huh 241 15
Yeah, the show ends it too, but this was in the two o'clock hour
I've always had my doubts about Josh with his talk about all the girls
He's banging to try to prove how much much he is but the truth finally came out on Friday
Lee you're really surprised to how I'm with your admissions
I just hope that the two of you finally decide to be honest with yourselves and not continue to live a lie
Says Robert from Seattle when he's gonna be honest and not live a lie
Yeah, oh look at that line 11 is ring you what
Hello
How do we have a line 11? Hello, I'm not sure
Goodbye
Line 11 I mean, I've got a button here for 11, but we never had a 10 11 or a 12 is the bat line
Look at that line 11 again Q. I. Am hello
Hello, yes sir
Hey, can you put me through please thank you put you through to what
Through the shop, please thank you. No, what a bad voice. Yeah bad
I'll have to you my brothers
What
What do you say I dumped it
Hopefully the dumpling work. Well, he said something bad. Yeah
Well, I hit mine too just in case one of them might work although the way things are going today
It's a very dubious at best
Paul Sauer says thanks for jumping on my pool. I
Don't know which pool he's talking about he says if I think of another compelling pool
I'll send it your way flee was damn good on Friday great shows his Paul how do you like that look at that
So we got eight
No six eight and eleven are the three lines of work Q. I. Am hello
Q aiam yes sir
Can't stand there or Jim Manus the old man
I can barely hear these things can't stand what I couldn't even hear him he said can't stand Dan and something about manage. Oh
Thank you to a shot another shot just another cheap shot, huh? Yeah, that's that's this crowd
This this is a mind blowing to sit here and look at the phone and in lines one through seven are not flashing because
They're getting a busy signal
Here's one from George and South Miami Neil I'm 51 years old. I listen every day for all four hours while it work
I tried to listen to flee on Friday the show he put on is for a much younger audience. Well, thank God for that
I have little or no interest in things that they talked about
Flea could end up being a big star with the young crowd
But it's really hard for me to listen to a couple of guys that have no clue how old Regis Philbin is
They thought he was in his late 50s early 60s
They didn't like the pool you had up because they weren't familiar with most of the names of the old game show host
I don't know what I'll listen to this summer, but flee and pal are not for me
Please take care of yourself because no one can ever replace you says George and South Miami. Well, that's for you George
Yeah, get with it
New young whipper snapper you're too young for George and South Miami's 51. He's a young punk
Oh look at the size of the print on this thing tiny
It says need I've listened you from almost 30 years all the way from W. Snews to Q.A.M. But I'm done
I find a way the Q.M. Handle George to be despicable if the station can't afford a talent like George
Can you release be far behind?
Good luck Neil just let Q.M. Know that I'm another ex-listener who will not be supporting Q.M. Sponsors either
Let Q.A.M. Dial ready without you and George they would have been gone years ago. I don't know
We got a point to it at one trend, baby
Point two twenty-fourth in the market, well, you need some help. You need a consult. You need ding dong school with Clarence
You need this yeah, we need help all right. We need some technical assistance
Is what we need
Because this is really bizarre Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I was looking on Friday and I'll admit it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be because if we was okay
You know the first day he filled in for you and George was one day with the first five ten minutes was about
Marlon's baseball kind of scared me but Friday was the right when he pulled on Peter Lenny or whatever his name is a salesman
And he was doing his own little comedy bit
That was painful. It was just at the end
It got and I could tell it seemed like everyone there was a little uncomfortable because you expected it to be funny
And it wasn't but that was that was brutal. Hopefully that'll be a lesson learned man. Yeah, come out. Keep him out
So but that's about it. I was no little bit of the sum both see this it's I don't want I hate to bring up
It's gonna be a hard-to-replace George. You're something
A first-y song but he came
I can't hear anything this guy saying the level is so low really. Yeah, can you hear me now?
No, same same thing
Yeah, have a great day sir the serons are coming to get the engineering staff you hear him yeah
The level is low and it's just like I
And the show is okay, you know, it's like that hmm
Like that
So
So six eight and eleven work which we didn't even know we had a line eleven to make it some real progress little bonus
What a little bonus. This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any questions
Baggy
Do you not talk with your mouth? You make me sick on the trough
Well, I can't see baggy. What is that in your mouth?
Oh
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth
Why can't you ever just keep your big mouth shut?
Can't keep my mouth shut because I've got such a big mouth
Goes to an easier the next thing I remember is having my knees in my ears
Yeah, you're simply you teach oh
I just I don't have a good feeling about this
Oh
Good only gas
It's hard to talk to you if you'd like
How about I fit on your pinky face for a while while you think right there
I
Take a little dip shake around the bed make them do a flick this week
Shake around the bed make them do a flip this week
Oh
My god
1103 at 560 then the QM I've got some very disconcerting news for you's okay
And it maybe people were listening online in which case they would have heard whatever was that you thought you dumped and I thought I dumped earlier
Yeah, which still doesn't dump online
I know that you didn't hear what I just said yeah, I said they may have been listening online in which case the dump doesn't work
Or maybe they were listening on the ear if that's the case we need to find out definitively
Because if these buttons aren't working I'm not taking any more calls. I'll take it that
According to the engineers that dump button was tested
No, that wasn't my question my question was are they working now right not was it tested once upon a time in America
And it worked them maybe once I was who knows but the question is did that go on the year because if it did we damn well better stop taking calls
You follow what I'm saying I do okay
Well, we'll find out from anybody who may be listening on the air if we have any you got that point to your number 24 your demo. Oh, we got to get a consultant in here
So we need to find out from people are listening over the radio not online okay see the people listen online
They don't understand that they get the extra added benefit of hearing stuff that doesn't go on the year mm-hmm
Mike and Kendall says happy Monday in the life of one thought the show was pretty good on Friday for sure better than I originally thought it would be no offense
Fleet even stated at the beginning he would not he would take some time to get into his own and
For us to like it, but as long as he doesn't talk any sports were okay. I also thought that
First since we doesn't know doesn't know more about sports than George that Joe Bell and Clarence are on to talk more sports during the summer
But I think we're gonna be just fine
Also today's my birthday can you place for me to six no jingle happy birthday to Mike and Kendall?
Yeah, I can I can do it if I can find it. I'm looking for
There it is just like magic. Thanks Mike. So Mike, but you're okay. Okay great
He says sorry for the poor grammar. I'm all hopped up on the day-quil invite him and see tablets. I'm
Expiring over here since he's oh
He said I thought I blocked he thought right he's an idiot
Here's one that says I listened Friday and liked it on male 58 great show flea says Brian and West Palm Beach 58
But it was too too young for the guy who was 51. Yeah
Evidently that did not go on here because I would if it would if I would have gotten several. I don't know. Yeah. How do we know for sure?
I don't know how can I be sure remember that song by the young rascals?
No
You know, no, remember how can I be sure now? What's the story with the library? You got it or not?
No, just get away for George's coming now. Oh damn. Yep
370 three votes on the pool. This is the reversal what we did last week of all the movies near loves
Which one do you hate the most not which one do you like the most which one do you hate?
Tounded Mr. Ripley 44 way to gay for most
Clockwork Orange 42 Magnolia 37. How can anybody hate a clockwork orange?
Classic
Can you imagine anybody really hating that movie maybe because of the violence? Oh, yeah, I hate them all 29
I haven't seen any of these movies 26
Fadzo 24 Christine 21 Dracula 21
Deliverance 21 Requiem for Dream 21 the excess is 20 Glen Gary Glen Ross 19 Godfather 12 Network 12 the Covenant 10
Imaginary heroes 8 hospital 5 and Godfather part 2 Solomon Thauna only one
So what do you think taking calls or not?
Sure
Well, it's easy for you to say sure sure
Jimmy says sending greetings from LA and report on Friday show I sure miss George
But I figured I would give the show a chance it wasn't too bad up till I heard flea mention to a caller that
Russian other right wing radio host has some good points
Maybe that's what he thinks but it sounded as if he didn't have the balls to tell a guy off
Anyway, I've been listening since the day today. So thanks for all the great entertainment over the years
Thanks again a good luxus Jimmy
Actually what I said was is when they do have a valid point to get lost in their craziness
Derek says listening online and a guy yeah, I came through long there. I'm of course. We know it came through online
That's not what I'm asking you clowns
We're asking people are listening on the radio remember that little thing with a knob and a buttons and the thing out of the radio
Wow, I guess it didn't go on
Over the year. Yeah, what about online
Like that
Wow, that's all I can say to you is wow
Lion 11 Q. I. M. Hello, hey, do you hear me? Yes, sir. I heard you can you hear me? Yes, all right
That whatever was didn't come to an all I heard you asked me got it and I didn't hear any curse words raining dead
But about anyone's all right and I don't think George is far due to money because if he was
If it's true they got two or three guys helping all these other lower rated rated shows
Why would they go out of a guy who gets like six terms of time? That doesn't make any sense
Okay, but I'll let you go because I call very so thanks paly. Oh second call in the day. Oh, that's not good
But anyway, he at least he gave us the the blowdown
When CP air says your old buddy Q here again
I emailed you about a month ago
I'm here to tell you that flee was horrible on Friday
He sounded like a kid vying for a job on college radio. He's not funny. He's not informative
He's not good in his desperate attempt to appeal to the younger audience on Friday
He sounded like an uninformed moron. Wow quite frankly. George is not exactly minutes away from a Marconi either
Keep up the great work Neelan keeps surrounding yourself with amateurs
It makes you sound even better and you're highly overrated and overpaid to begin with thanks Joe
That's from Joe Bell for sure man. They'll shout at you at the end though. Oh shot at everybody at least he
He's spread it all around you me George. He don't like anybody
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes sir. How you doing? Okay. How are you doing good? Just let you know for real the P word they come over the air
So
Whatever you want to just let you know
I don't know if you know the word he didn't say the P word he said the MF word
According to the people who heard it online. I don't know this is this is not the way to do a radio show
There's anything to do a radio show Joe Bell is it on does it work to the other phones ever gonna all work? Well, what's the story here?
Oh boy, but you know critiquing engineering is a lot easier than actually doing the work
You do know that great and great radio philosopher once told me that a good friend of water is able oh
My god and in the fake rap you know it's starting up all over again contact have norm contact water and yeah
Yeah, that'll be the day when we're talking to Walter
The Christopher Watkins gets sucks. Please stop playing it
Says the Todd. Well, what bit is that it's online? Oh
PR Ralph said no it did not get on the air and flee was men some ends on Friday
He knows he's got big shoes to fill with George not there men some ends
Oh
Mel says I listen daily to you online in the color about 30 minutes ago bad mouth did get through
I heard what he said before you hung up on him. Yeah, cut through online
Don't you people understand what you're hearing online is not what's on the air on the radio?
Let me say it again. Let me draw you a diaphragm, okay?
Online we don't give a flying crap about what gets through online the FCC don't care what's going through online
They got a regulation over it
We're concerned about what goes on the radio remember the radio. I know it's like an anachronism, but that's the way it goes
The freaking radio Mel
Oh, it got on before you hung up. Oh, what are we gonna do it got on the online ask me forgot on online
QAM hello, okay. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. All right, man
Listen nothing came out nothing came out on the radio man
I know what car you were talking about just before you hung up and I guarantee you nothing came out on the radio
I don't know if you got a car full
But anyways, man listen far as Friday show goes at least it wasn't DA's
That's it. No, those three days those three days when flea and I were in limbo
Those were the three of the most horrendous and these people are worried about ratings and about oh my god
Apparently not man. I guess they didn't listen to that show or maybe they did that's why they left me do it on Friday
Well, just remember DA's got a point oh
I'm not really ratings after any of them. They finally went down also Neil. Yeah, listen
You're to yourself to play the Arnold Schwarzenegger bits please if you can't one
Who the ones with the yeah, I know the one okay cool. I think see you
So it didn't get on the year so we can continue taking calls all right
Without having to pee in our pants while you're not concerned about even though you're the one you know your ass is on the line
Oh, yeah, you're though. You're the last
The last blocking force sitting there in our great new studio. So how is the studio? Well, it's not complete yet
But you know it works I mean it works it's functional, but they still got work to do in here
aesthetically like clean some of this crap out of here and like finish the finishing parts
Put cabinets up. Yeah TV doesn't work yet
Give the phone fixed right so that the lines all work get the phones working yet that'd be a good idea. Yeah, just some of these minor things
Oh
Oh
1118 at 560 WQM we hate the guy father. We hate you. We hate George. We hate flee. We hate everybody bad
Well, I'm sure I'm depressed that I'm not there, you know it
Yeah, I'm sure Brian and Wellington says I didn't hear anything explicit on the year
I was listening to my radio when the sound was blocked
It appears at least one of the dump buttons work you're free to take more calls keep up the great work since Brian thanks Brian
Pretty sad commentary that we have to ask the audience whether or not the dump buttons were yet
Don't you find that
Unacceptable I do unacceptable
But at any rate hey listen let line 11 is working at that's the first time in history
So that that I think right there proves that this whole phone deal is going to Potsky Q. I. Am hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you? Okay? How are you pretty good? I'm glad to hear that you're letting us callers calling
Yes, I
Listen to a read we got a retool the show now, you know because I got those bad numbers in new arbitrage right I
Have the opportunity to listen to a please show on Friday and and he's pretty good
I like that one of the days that you are on your hiatus. I think it was Wednesday
that a color called in and
It was you know one of these like crazy colors
Oh and he like
Called and he was talking to him and what's what's up with you and like I think that the people that that call into like a do like a hidden run
They're like now used to like people talking so they just think they're gonna hang up, but him
Confronting like scared him out. Oh, you're talking to me. You really want to know about my life
So that really that put him, you know
And I'm saying to
To feel different stuff
I'm gonna keep listening and you're doing a great job Neil. Okay. Thanks. Bye. See you
What did he say? What did you say? Not sure?
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Okay?
Good. I just picked up the money from Paul and he was like oh shit. I forgot to pay
Right
Okay, I mean we're both hidden it right. Yeah, I'm sure I slammed it. I slammed it guys. How does he good? Did you slam it? Yeah, did you bang it?
Q.A. M. Hello
Hello, yes
I just want to say you're doing a horrible job with the call
And I every time somebody calls in you just patronize them. Yeah, yeah, well, we'll make you the exception. How's that?
schmuck I
patronize them with all of that mean no
WQ a.m. Hello, okay, all right
I just want to tell you I'm willing to give you an idea of what bad about mixing the phone calls over the email
I think it's really turned out good and I think you get destroyed just
Probably call now now that you're doing that
What do you put your take on that?
My take on what?
Mixing the calls with the email. I think it's broken out of the Facebook. Oh, is this Rick shot doesn't sound like you Rick
No, this is a rich shot. This is a quarter-slot guy. Yeah, I know
What because it sounds like maybe what the meetings with Josh is gonna sound like oh
You're gonna have meetings with Josh because I'm sure not oh
No, we're gonna have ding dong school. You're wrong Neil
I want before every show for you to what what are we gonna talk about during the meetings?
Whether whether or not we're having
Drew Rosenhouse on that day or Alex Marvets or
Brother and invite stormy to have his own 15-minute segment. I mean what thought we're gonna talk to clearance about don't forget Ira
I mean Ira win bag. This is the only show on the states he's not on and this is the only show that's ratings challenges in the new system
Palses I feel that's leaded a great job on Friday producing some compelling radio and it got you online
Pause is trying to be funny
For real comedian oh wait a minute look at that. There's four lines lit now. Uh-oh
WQ a.m. Hello
False alarm Q a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I'm glad you're taking calls again to the knowledge and leave it on the oven every day. Yeah, okay good Q a.m. Hello
Hey, paly. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. I'm a local truck driver here in South Florida. I've been a listener 1988 Wow
What I don't understand is how how people who are a long time listeners are complaining and
Wondering why the ratings are down if you're not really
Roger show if I'm what you're not really doing the near Roger show
They used to do the past. I mean you're just a watered down version of it
People playing about why the ratings are down. Why this is why all this not that many
The numbers are not there. I mean I don't understand that. I mean you're not doing your show. Yeah, I know
Hello, I'm doing the best I can sir. Oh, and I enjoy it and I still enjoy it and
Another thing it sounds like in the background like you're doing the show from the ocean
I'm not complaining because it's kind of soothing but you mean the signal like it sounds like waves are crashing
Mm-hmm
Probably are that's probably a good guest when you think there are waves crashing somewhere
Our signal blows, but but that's gonna be remedied pretty soon is what you tell me
That's the word
Thunderbird
Yeah, we're gonna be doing something about it in fact
I understand that we're sending somebody from engineering out to pee on the tower right now and then it's it's gonna be blasting all over the world
Rick and Bokas says I thought you said you were never gonna take calls anymore explain what's up?
Well, I said a lot of things
But you know you got a mix and mad. I've said that many times
I've stopped taking them for months and then I go back and take them again. I'll do whatever the hell I want to do
How do you like that Rick? Did I explain it well?
Lee yeah, that was good. I explain it well. That was nice and clear. Yeah
You get it Rick
Lee says not you Lee oh, no wait a minute Jackie says what's wrong with people complaining complain
Lee is doing fine to people really think that they will like every part of his show or any show what a bunch of morons is Jackie
People if you don't like the show no listen turn it off. I don't have to listen to you to complain about it
Lee you're doing great considering have a good day. Thanks. You're doing great considering
Little disclaimer in there. Okay. I don't know what that means considering. Well, I think we're all both doing great considering I
Guess nobody else out there got their email tagged. I guess nobody else out there knows Jeff Rimmer consider yourselves lucky
Absolutely I watch the tape and it's blue talk all the time
For stupid rumors you can go online
Just watch your hands are you like some you'll be fine?
Don't want to why but I'm sick of swine
Oh, this is just what the cable net works do
Try throwing a pandemic panic into you
Well after all we're only talking about the flu
They fill their time. I'm sick of swine
We just went through this with the bird
Getting that cow to what's the next crisis they'll subject us to just give them time
I'm sick of swine just give them time
I'm sick of swine
Me too 1131 at 560 WQ am did you watch the bell mount on Saturday? I did not
Well, why not it wasn't interested
Like everybody else not interested in horse racing. I what did I tell you last week?
Nobody care we have like maybe 10 people out there who care about horse racing summer bird
Not mind that bird summer bird when raised. I thought it was a terrible race
I thought it's charitable man. I picked charitable man Dave Johnson picked it in the Humper picked it to the Humper
Charitable man. He's still running. Wow
He didn't run a lick. I mean he was right up there in contention the whole way he had no excuse and then puked in the stretch
Just puked his guts out. Yeah, I put a couple bucks on him just because both you and Dave picked him and the Humper picked him too
All three of us got suckered in by charitable man and then summer bird
Yeah, I was with Goldie at Calder on Saturday and he was getting killed
You were with Gildi at Calder. Yeah
So how can you not watch the bell mount because we were done before the bell mount went off
When somebody goes to the track and it says we were done. I mean they lost their ass
Am I right? Yeah
Lost your ass. Well, what's with you and Gildi man? You hang out with everybody see that I don't understand that no
He was doing a show from there and I was helping him. He was doing a show from Calder. Yeah
Gildi was yep
What yeah one the four he was there and
He was losing his ass getting killed. Yeah
Wow, we run in the best form. Yeah, and he's like you had jumped in on this action
I'm like what action you're just giving these guys your money. That's not action. I'm in on this action
Oh, what a kidder that Gildi
What a kidder I
Love that line 11 Q. I. Am hello
Q. I. Am yes, sir. Yeah, yeah
Joe Bell is gonna be doing a butt
Honey, yeah, okay great
Snapper and says it's my opinion that WQM is trying to get you out because of your salary no kidding
Very very observant
The request for you to change your summer schedule is the perfect excuse for them to hit you with in support nation charges
I try if you know can don't comply and then I have a reason to dump you
No, they don't because it's very specific in that crappy contract of mine that I work Tuesday and Thursday in the summer and we've already got a precedent like the last seven eight years
They know they can violate your contract without consequences
Georgia's firing and we'll fire you for some valid reason and see you in court before they pay out your contract
That's why you'll need a good lawyer and not that faker you can't seem to shake not norma
Hey norma you ferry also I didn't think I'd miss George until I listen to flee in Josh last Friday cheap radio at its worst
And DA and whoever were on the year DA was actually proud and said he's arrived because you rip him
What kind of a loser is proud to acknowledge he's made it because he sucks
WQA and Miami AM radio suck
When you're not on the air anymore
There won't be any need to even hit the AM button on the radio also your absolutely correct or the call suck
Good luck to you if I don't get to email you again snap her head thanks snap her head
Yeah, it couldn't be that salary everybody's dumping salary man. That must be it
And what did I tell you before about your friend Joe if he takes a disliking do you personally like him and Hank
And it's not it's not business. It's personal with him you could have a 99 share or a point to share it is making a difference
If he hates you like poison he's gonna stick it to you man bend over here it comes
But you you know you're an ask us or so you sucked up to him for a long time on a west coast and so the two of you are buddies now
See you're safe
You get this kush deal here to work for this show for free
Because you look Tushy
Another Jorge says I've been listening to the show for many years and like many of your listeners who are fond of George
You can't help but like the guys got a great personality and a unique ability to express himself on a radio in two food while he talks
Like a lot of listeners. I'm upset at the bees ladies in the five sixty management for firing George
But that wouldn't keep me from listening to the near Roger show. We should all get free a chance
Get free a chance. Yeah, let's get that bit going right yeah
Not as a replacement for George, but as a fresh new addition to the show
Flea is a great guy and we'll only make the a Roger show grow stronger. Hmm. What what time did you write this?
Oh, that's right. I remember before the show you said oh, I got to go write an email. Yep. That was it
Best of luck to George. Hope he gets his stuff something George Rodriguez show someday deserves it. P.S. Go Keynes. Oh
Oh
Why did you do that? You know you know, there's like only a three or four lines that work
Lines two through five no work nothing
And line nine and I don't know if there's gonna be a line 10. I don't know what the deal is with that. Let me see it press up the bat line
It works real real low
You're all low that dial tone is see to me. It's fine
How about now now I can't hear nothing WQA. Hello
Oh
Q.A. Am hello
Mr. Neal yes, sir
Oh, listen, I was just driving by a WQ a.m. Tower and you're wrong. They're not pissing on it. They're taking it down. Okay
There's a number three
Oh, he was talking about number one and then he was gonna talk about number two. I'm sure that probably
Real intellectuals, baby see when George used to be on he's the one that got the intellectuals
Did you get them calling it on Friday when you were on oh, yeah, the great intellectual collars?
In fact, here's one from Oishmoy, Jewish. This was great on Friday. He was very entertaining and funny
George could have done the same thing, but he had a people attitude. Oh, yeah, see rip George now that he's gone. Mm-hmm
Oishmoy, Jew chronic regular emailer and now he's ripping George. He had a bad attitude
I don't think there was a damn thing wrong with his attitude
He knew he was gonna get screwed over eventually and like he said if they like it
It's gonna suck and it's gonna fail just like Sid Rosenberg
We don't know for sure when he's starting or which shift it's gonna be or what date it's gonna be, but he's coming
Sure as Christmas and Tanooka are coming said the kid is coming to Q.A.M.
Bet your life on it
Do you doubt me on that I do not see even even flee and please got his nose to the to the rhinestone man
He's got his nose. He's got his ears to the wall
Walks up and down the hallway sticks his ear to every door to hear what's being said inside. Yep. I don't blame you
Fat man after dark says when the email you read was talking about certain times in the archives
He was talking about how far into the show something happened for example when he says 2.14
He means 2 hours and 14 minutes into the show 12 14 instead of 2.14 p.m
Listen Friday very faggy says fat man after dark. How do you like that? He says the show is very faggy and that's what let me the old fag on her
Is there anything you want to tell us no really?
You and Cortis doing little number over the weekend maybe not in secret is over the weekend
But why not we don't hang that's why you were with guilty over the weekend wow
So how the show go from color what would he talk about?
The same things that they talk about every day
Heaten Jack and this and that been a little bit erasing well, and of course
Ron and Kobe maybe and of course when Goldies on his little hockey heavy
Hockey intensive
Yeah
And what's his take on Jack Martin bailing out?
You Jacques Martin going to Montreal here. They're ripping him and asked if it was the wrong choice and he's a crappy coach
Etc. I think Goldie was glad to see him leave. Yeah
I would think so what's his take on doing the games with what's his name now? Oh, I don't know we didn't get into that
But we talked about we talked about maybe some of the hires that they were looking at for that GM spot
Yeah, he said a couple of ex players were on the short list, but he had no idea
He's coolness
I thought he was tight with the organization well, he's got to watch what he says because all these sports franchises
They're very very uptight. Oh, yeah, I
Know rumor used to tell me that and even the slightest criticism they would have a nervous breakdown
That that's the same Jeff rumor that fired off those tagged
Emails to me Saturday morning at seven o'clock in the morning
And started a chain reaction of 80 million emails all over the world nice going rumor
You know what the name see throughout you is that iserman
Stevie iseman. Yeah, I'd come hang out with him
He's a little long in the tooth, but I'd hang out with Stevie
Of course moose knows who know best calm Stevie. Why?
But that's another story for another day
I
Play it baby you fairy
Oh
The hero
Love by millions across the land
And went to visit his ex-wife now
She was hanging with
Another man
As you went home now for a night
Fancy mask and a pair of gloves and back he went
She was tipping her friend the waiter
And giving more than a 15%
Where's you couldn't take
Start a slice and I don't you know
Was that the air for before they fell
He made a touch down
In oh, she can't go it's acting at the
Alibi hotel
I'm but the L.A. G.A.
Well, he flagged all day
For a legal procedure
With a knife
Pins in your penalty
Here said with conviction
That's what you get when you hack the wife
I don't hear it everywhere
In a ghetto where bronco
Pressing something to his skull
Wishing he was dead
But it was a cell phone
No, not a pistol
Two aside by summa
Keep it his head
Oh, finally got a mark
Now it's up to the jury
But he will surely
Be jail for life
I'm not a people let us say
Bad for all day
They forget it ain't okay
To hack the wife
Hack the wife there
How come I made all G so black
I thought that was the Lord that done that
I'm 47 13 years old
What's the latest
Words on the word on the phone situation
I haven't seen an engineer since the beginning of the show
So in other words, we're just going to continue the whole show with this
Kind of patchwork piece of crap
Yeah, pretty much, that's the either reroute something and it should be fixed you know shortly at a day or two maybe
Why?
He said shortly or a day or two
Or a day or two that's like when the studio was going to be ready two weeks ago and a day or two
John says and I'm sure John is the guy who called and tried to slip the word on the ear he says just let you know about 10 to 15 minutes ago
Depending on when you get to see me a caller said the S word and it went over the ear
Now you dumped it and I dumped it both and it did not go over the ear
So either John is listening online or he's the guy to call and try to slip it in there, you know, right?
See, I would like to sit down here have everything work and do the show with confidence that you know we're in control of what's going on
On a scale of one to ten the confidence level is what at this point two I'd say I give it about a minus one
Minus one because you don't want to think about engineering. It's a lot of it's hard work and it's a lot easier to critique it than it is to do it
That's what I've heard. Mm-hmm. Are you eating? Maybe a little bit on the air?
Not anymore. You better watch yourself, mister. What do you eat?
Some spicy noodles from where they you brought in? Yeah spicy mind-rolling in noodles. Oh, that sounds like crap. That's not great
The whistler says caller was right and stating the show sounds like it's originating from the cabrons of Carl's bed
Where's the bats? That's what the Martins want to know. Where's the bats?
Did they lose again yesterday that I dreamed that three to two they lost I know
It says DA for three days was like sitting wired into old Sparky. Oh boy. Well, but he's got a point. Oh, you know he's doing it
And if I was in management every time somebody is out with it's Joe or me or Mad Dog
I put on somebody who's got a point. Oh, who's those numbers up there as much as possible?
Yeah, since they're all of a sudden and I thought it was your buddy Joe that told Hank oh, it's not about ratings Hank
It's not about the ratings as he said that one that said ratings don't matter. Yeah
Well, it's a damn good thing because we sure don't have any anymore. I'll say to that this panel. Oh my god
Even on what's my line they had a better panel than than we got
Yoshi Shmendrich says flea is okay, but I don't think he has any confidence in himself doing the show when you're not there
He keeps on saying give me a chance. It's only the first show, etc
I felt like it was a Josh Cortes show featuring flea. Is that accurate? No
Please surface somewhere George hopefully before Neil goes on vacation. I'll try to get that tentative slot
Anywhere you go take off Tuesdays and Thursdays
Also Paul and Ron were doing some kind of inside joke about flea before the end of the show something
There's no room for fleas in this building who brought the fleas in the studio and then Paul started to bang the
Table like he was killing the fleas maybe flea knows something about it. Everyone knows flea and Steve our tight
Who Steve Brantwick?
Are you tight? Yeah, we're friends. You ever like take a shower with him or what? No, we're not that based on that show
You and Cortes did on Friday when I'm hearing about it. Yeah, pretty gay a lot of figuring gay
What now what inspired that?
I don't know. I was just talking about a borrow is that and they had gay porn on the TV at the time
And I just asked him if he's ever seen gay porn
And he wanted to say no, but he did he said yes, I said man the stuff that they had on the TV where I was at which was
I score I think on South Beach. I go look really violent. I look like the guys were wrestling not like right in each other not not like making love
Or whatever you want to call it
It just look real violent. Whatever you want to call it. What kind of what kind of a everybody's got different terms
Everybody's got different terms what they call sex. Yeah, so whatever you want to call it like in broadcast mounting
I'll say it again. It was not a love story. It was a rape story. Yeah, that's what this movie look like
And it's like wow, that's hope. It's not all like that. But it was a little disturbing
Were you disturbed? Are you like scarred for life from it now or what? No, I just looked away. Oh, yeah, if you don't like it don't watch it
Jays is a listener since 1987 when you are a WIOD right after my greenery. I've enjoyed following your show and for the most part enjoyed it
I enjoy listening because it makes me smile and laugh out loud sometime. I'll loud
This new producer has no talent whatsoever and whenever he's on your show alone
I will tune out and listen to someone more interesting I
Tune in the other day when mr. Flea was on and for 15 minutes until I turned him off all he did was criticize and bash the things and
People that he doesn't like
Unlike George when he bashes something he backs it up with facts
All this guy did was fill up the air with innuendos and half trutes
He is not a smart man. He doesn't know enough about 95% of what he talks about told my interest
So as you've stated so many times in the past that a radio is got an on-off switch
I'll be using it to switch more often if mr. Flea stays there
Oh, no, I was an advertising understand how that works. Maybe this is from Robby young
If I was an advertiser which I am not I'd pull my ads when this clown went on the air
But that's just me the one thing I found out in my 51 years that I'm very average and usually what I like and don't like works
Thanks Neil for all the years I've enjoyed and he's got a character of me with a Stogi
Boy, I sure wish I could smoke stogies, you know
But I better not
I've had two TIAs, you know too many strokes and they were both after smoking
Stogies, I mean I've smoked stogies for years, but this particular situation when you got diabetes and high blood pressure
Not a good not a good thing to smoke anything
Branden says I think that when the guy says 214 you know branded
He means two hours and 14 minutes into the show if the guys keeping track on a archives keeping track of what time exactly
You did this and what time you said that and what time his balls moved etc. Man talk about no life
Yeah, then that's why I kept emphasizing the fact that he was like oh at 241 15 into the show
Wow even with the seconds
I always knew that Josh Curtis was a little gay brand and since and it's for the show that happened on Friday
I listen to all of 20 seconds no offense. Hopefully, but I hate Josh Curtis
Well get used to it because he's gonna be on all summer long and all next week too. I guess I'm gonna be on vacation
Are we still planning for my vacation next week or permanent vacation? I think this regular regular?
How about Ethel
Jim says where is Rick Rally and why isn't he on a radio anymore Rick and says was a great show
Well, guess what Rick ruined it when he went on I.N. Z. in the morning and Rick decided to become a stock broker
Fear value was blah blah blah blah. You know, and then he killed it
Ben says leave will do a good job this summer. He's no George, but give him time and he'll do just fine
My one suggestion leave the sports talk to the other 20 hours of boring WQM day. Yeah, leave the sport
You're not gonna be doing a sports talk. No
Except of course about Jimmy and Danny
Ed from Davies says flee the great Friday until he brought a guy in who does stand up comedy
PD Lenny when I heard that you had PD Lenny and there I wanted to kill myself. I
Did afterwards why did you let him do that because he's given us a free giveaways for the comedy club
So in other words in an exchange for the free giveaways
He you allowed him to hoard the show. Well, sometimes he's funny, but he wasn't that he has never been funny
He has never been funny and he makes me red rough and sore
Mostly sore
PD Lenny please do not please. I beg you don't ever put him on the show again. Okay
Was he funny?
No
Anyway, here's what it says flee did a great job. He brought in a guy to stand up comedy
I'm not sure who the guys, but I think he's part of the sales holes. Yes
The comedy was really bad very glad. Please just tell flee to be himself and not try to be hard
So hard to be funny because he's not thanks for laughs Neil Ed from Davie don't try so hard to be funny because you're not okay
Meisha says I only miss George when you're not here on Friday. Let's just say it wasn't compelling
What I'm gonna do is not listen for a while so I can wait till some of the archives pile up so I can listen to those
Also if anything was interested
There are YouTube hits of your show from whammy. I love it
I've never seen it before new to me. What does flee look like does he shave his body here or maybe we can get a picture on a website
I hope he looks like Cristiano Ronaldo. He does not no trust me. He does not I wish oh
Heath is back at you know some of these people like keep blocking and blocking and they keep coming back like bad hemorrhoids, you know
You keep smearin stuff on there a new soul and all that stuff and they go away and then all of a sudden like like a bad penny
They keep showing up again like like he's
Go away. Don't go away mad just go away
I am Osama bin Laden and whenever I am in Miami. I listen to neuro Rogers
oh
hand
and happens, the Bronx and Queens,
that's an island too,
leave the Brooklyn city,
there's a Toronto,
and don't look down,
the journey turns back to town
with a rash,
through the malls,
and the sidewalks sell from your hair
as you wrap your nails,
tell your friends,
you don't wanna boom in nails
and they won't fit far behind.
Way down south,
past hack and sack,
there's a town called
Tamarack,
we did,
on a call to sack,
and to fetch about the going next door,
way down south,
past hack and sack,
there's a town called Tamarack,
way down south,
past hack and sack,
there's a town called Tamarack.
Well, those three are five,
60 WMQ,
and happy Monday to the 8th of June,
let's sing a tune on the 8th of June.
A round says,
you think that Gellie's voice is squeaky,
he just listened for a second or two,
Gellie's got a manly voice compared to flea.
How do you like that for a shot?
I'm okay with it.
See, these people have got nothing constructive
or nothing interesting or compelling to say,
all they wanna do is take teap shots at you and me and George.
He used to be just me and George,
and now you're the third,
you're the turd in the punchball.
You're another body to take a shot at.
He sounds like a...
You'll be on helium, you know, like that.
I don't think so.
And in this business about,
I think that Gellie is squeaky.
I don't think it's a debatable point, okay?
Yeah.
Do you think it's debatable that Gellie is squeaky?
No.
He's squeaky, man.
He ain't no squeaky from,
but he's pretty damn squeaky.
Here's what we got on the poll so far.
This is a reverse of the one we did last week.
Somebody requested this.
I think it was a good idea.
And we got quite a few votes on here,
considering of all the movies that Neil loves,
which one do you hate the most?
Hate it.
Town that Mr. Ripley.
You fair.
48.
Magnolia 46.
Clockwork Orange 46.
The 429 vote already, it's only noon.
I hate them all, 33.
I haven't seen any of these movies, 31.
Do you believe that?
No.
With this list, Glen Gary Glen Ross 27,
FATSO 26, Christine 25.
The Exorcist is 24, Dracula 24,
Requiem for Dream 24, Deliverance 23.
Network 13, Godfather 12.
12 people say they hate the Godfather,
most of all this list.
Wow.
They hate it.
The Covenant 11, or imaginary hero's 9,
a hospital 6 and Godfather Part 2 is still only 1.
Why do you think it is that they picked out the Godfather
the first one more than the second one?
Good and tell you.
Just to piss me off.
Basically, isn't that what the poll is for?
I think so.
To piss me off.
In my home, in my bedroom, where my wife sleeps,
where my children come and play with their toys.
Yeah.
My offer is this.
Nothing.
The hotel's here.
A digger, a swankier.
Then the rub joints, rub joints,
we still never got that straight enough.
What's it, rub joints?
Rub joints?
Whatever the hell it was.
So you're not an expert on the dialogue from those movies.
You're not as fanatical as George and I are?
No.
Well, that's a shame.
Not.
Because maybe it'll get us to talk about it all.
Oh, I never gave the result of the poll from Friday,
which you and Josh hated.
Did you hate the poll?
I didn't like the poll.
Really?
I didn't hate it.
But I didn't love it either.
Who was the best game TV shows?
Well, somebody sent that in.
I forget who.
TV Game Show host.
861 votes.
Bob Barker 167.
He's been Jean Rayburn 160.
Chuck Barris 120.
Maddie Hall 83, Alex Trebek 71.
Bill Collin 59.
I voted for Bill Collin.
I love Bill Collin.
Steve Allen 55.
Bob UBanks 49.
Pat Sage Ag 20.
Alan Lutton 15.
Gary Moore 15.
Dick Clark 11.
Is he still alive?
Damn it.
Regis Philbin 9.
Dennis James 7.
Bert Convey 6.
Jack Nar is 5.
Who was Tom McKinney's brother.
Tom Kennedy 5.
And that's interesting that they both got five votes in their brothers.
And Bud Collier 4.
I voted for Bob UBanks.
You did?
You like?
I like his hair.
No.
He always looked like his neck was like an abraser or something.
Strange looking guy.
Bob UBanks.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah.
Like he had a real stiff collar, you know, like his neck.
I don't know.
Strange Bob UBanks.
And a bad show too, by the way.
Talk about contrived with those stupid answers.
Contrived fake.
I don't like fake.
Alex says, I moved from Miami about five years ago and I missed your show.
No one can match your show anywhere.
I was wondering if you can tell me where I can find one of your shows Spoof's Mr. Mouse,
which I love listening to.
Big fan.
No.
Now we can't tell you and you ought to be listening online.
If they moved from Miami five years ago, don't they really realize that we have the website and they can listen online?
If they were that big of a fan, wouldn't you think?
Yeah, you would think so.
WQA Am Hello.
Oh, the gargler is back.
I knew it would be just a matter of time.
We heard from a WhatsApp name.
The quarter-schlock guy trying to be like a real person.
And now we got the gargler on there.
Yeah, he called me out Friday.
What?
The gargler called me out Friday.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Did he gargle for you?
He sure did.
Five, six, seven.
Now if you get a busy when you call it, that doesn't mean the lines are really busy because our phone is screwed up.
It's really a mess.
It's a technical nightmare.
It's bad.
Five, six, seven, oh, five.
Now what about if I give the tool free number?
Do you think that would work?
I know those lines are not.
Try it.
One, eight, seven, seven.
Seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five.
Eight, seven, seven.
Seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five.
Because I'm getting the messages that people are trying to dial the five, six, seven, and they're getting busy.
Which you can't possibly be busy because like lines through a one through seven don't ring.
At least one in six, once in a while.
Two, three, four, and five never have run.
Right.
Apparently those are the 800 number lines.
What does that mean?
I guess the first like five or six are the 800 numbers and then like eight, nine, ten, eleven are the...
Well what kind of a screwed up system is that?
Five, six, seven.
I have no idea.
Is that by intent or by accident or by what?
I think that's on purpose, yes.
It's on purpose?
What you'll be talking about, mister?
WQA and hello.
Yeah, there's Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing? You big old homo?
Okay.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
That was it.
That was a medley of his material, big old homo.
That's me.
Wow.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
That's not like Rick Riley doing a laugh from maybe from California.
You think?
Baby.
WQA and hello.
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm Neil's first log, clock report.
It's also one of my favorites.
Uh, and I recommend chopstick redemption.
At least watching at once.
Mm hmm.
And when the sit rows are first start.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Because it's sucked at like you lose George and then you're going to get replaced by said.
Doesn't that piss you off?
What do you want me to say?
I'm fired.
Okay.
That's your bill's boyfriend.
5670560, pound 560 on a Verizon AT&T wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Jim.
Did he call down Friday?
No.
Really?
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Wow.
That was it, huh?
QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Maybe in a radio.
I can tell you that that did not go over the air.
What did that cross word?
Any cross words?
I'm in the business all over the world.
You're in a business, you're in a monkey business, Reverend Schmuck.
And he's in a business.
What would that have to do with anything?
He's in a business.
What?
What would that have to do with anything?
Being in a business.
I'm in a business so I know I didn't go over the air.
Anybody listening to the radio would know I didn't go over the air.
No, you have to be in the business to know whether someone on the air.
Oh, okay.
He's in the business.
Don't you get it?
That's Reverend Schmuck.
Chronic, sick, twisted, pathetic.
But only twice today so far.
Very good behavior.
Or did you block him?
No, I don't think I have the ability to block yet.
Once all these lines are all settled in.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
It's makeshift right now.
Make what?
Shift.
Oh, shift.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M-H-L.
Yeah, Mr. Rogers, please.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, Mr. Rogers, how do you do, sir?
Yeah, congratulations for 33 years on the air and appreciate the laughs in the morning when radio is so bland and sports and politics.
And I wanted to recommend a movie, kind of an underground movie back from the 80s.
I know you've ever heard of this called a Hollywood Night with Robert Wall.
Never heard of it.
Got to see it.
It's hilarious.
Just real funny.
Call the Hollywood Night and appreciate the laughs, Mr. Rogers.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I'm Mr. Rogers.
He said Mr. Rogers, one more time I was going to like, un-
They leave him.
Kill myself or somebody.
Kill somebody.
I'd like to get some of these people's email address and send them a tag, the email.
Notice, I must have this, I never heard of it before.
Did you?
I've heard of it tagged itself.
Yeah, it's like a Facebook-ish kind of website.
But it's not.
It's supposed to be, but it's a spam.
Oh, is it?
It's a scan and it's spam.
I've already seen a couple of I think of those emails. I just delete them.
When media leave not sooner, don't open them up and don't say,
well, you want to see the pictures? Yes, just delete it.
Don't say yes. Don't say no.
Just fly away if it's as tagged.
Call up Jefferm or Columbus.
I'll be giving you his home phone number next hour.
Seven o'clock on a Saturday morning.
Cuban George says, I don't know if somebody's mentioned this to you since
likely my boss has been working my ass off.
Apparently someone in South Miami's going on a cat killing spree.
Yeah, I had an update on that. They had another one or so.
Yes. Now there's a copycat, cat killer.
A copycat, cat killer.
Yeah.
Wow.
Cuban George says, I put flea Joyce Joe Berlin, Lucy Lopez on my hope you die fast
list. Wow.
You're on it.
Hmm.
Along with Joyce, your buddy, Jolly Joe and Lucy Lopez.
Are you having her on? I know I asked you that before.
No, I don't have any plans to.
If you debate between having Lucy Lopez on and I've never heard her on with George or anybody else
between her and PD Lenny, I love Lucy.
Oh, no.
No.
Yeah.
I'm going for my picking up dude's merit back.
I want to be the leader of the Bieber Patrol.
I want to hike and camp and shower with all the other little boys.
You know something, folks? The Boy Scouts never used to be about sex.
But now all that's trained. Hi. I'm Agnol Sanders.
Spokesman for America's number one juvenile power military group.
If you're a little bugger whose hormones are just getting out of hand for boys or girls,
then I want you to join me in the scouting experience.
We've changed.
A scout is trustworthy.
Boy, a warning.
We want you.
Hello.
In a pen.
Wearing khaki.
So just remember our motto.
Be prepared to run like hell with Skinhead show up.
And get your cute little keyster down here today.
From 19 at 5.60 WQM, here is an email from your close personal buddy, Johnny Dolan.
Okay.
Spine Report 1.
Lee never heard of Bill Cullen.
2.
Lee thought you should have had your closing at 3 p.m. Friday.
So you could have performed your show.
And 3.
Lee said, sit on 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Q.a.m.
Hmm.
Also, would you be able to say goodbye to all your fans before you leave?
You replies to 1, 2, and 3.
Wow. I don't remember what they were, but number 3.
You never heard of Bill Cullen.
True.
You never heard of Bill Cullen?
No.
Oh my god.
Who is he?
He was a game show.
He was on the $10,000 pyramid or the $25,000 pyramid.
I thought that was declarative.
No, he was on the $10,000.
He was the original host of the...
I never really watched Game Show.
So the only thing I ever watched was...
Bill Cullen was on the whole...
The price is right.
I used to watch the price of your guest and all kinds of game shows.
And then he went with a bad limp because he had polio as a kid.
2.
Lee thought you should have had closing at 3 p.m.
So you could have done the show.
Is that correct?
I said that you could have done the closing whenever you wanted.
No.
It's not how it works.
I used to work in the industry.
I would close whenever people wanted to close.
That's when I closed.
If you just said I want to close at 6 o'clock at night,
I close at 6 o'clock at night.
I did it for four years.
Well, here it wasn't possible.
Okay.
The closing was at 11 o'clock on Friday.
Okay.
A.M.
Canada is different than...
And 3?
No, I didn't say that.
Lee said Sid will be on 10 to 2 on Q.A.M.
I said the rumor is that Sid's coming over.
We don't know where or when.
3.
Lee said Sid will be on 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Q.A.M.
No, I did not say that.
Also, you'll be able to say goodbye to all your fans before you leave.
So in other words, you questioned whether or not I could have been here on Friday.
In other words, I purposely scheduled a thing for the morning so I could take the day off.
I didn't say that.
That's what it sounds like.
I said in the past when I did it, people could close when they wanted to close.
No.
Okay.
At any rate, your buddy trying to stir up some crap.
That's okay.
Your buddy Johnny D who's good buddies with your real buddy over their achieve channel.
Do you know Johnny Dolan?
I think so.
Oh, so sorry.
Jason, who's a regular...
I mean, I can't even believe this.
He says your signal is completely unlistenable today.
It sounds like you're in a drum right by the crashing waves of an ocean in the middle of a wicked storm.
Tune out for today.
I'll check back tomorrow to see if they fixed it.
And I thought it was really sucked Friday, but it gave some guy named Pee Wee Lennie.
A so-called comedian should be banishing the air and ever to be heard from again.
Well, we agreed on that.
Bad mistake.
Bad mistake, Pee Wee Lennie, but nevertheless.
He's one of those people who like muscles his way in, who forces himself on you,
whether you want them there or not.
So what's this thing with our signal, huh?
I don't know. It was kind of bad this morning too, and I was driving in.
Kind of bad?
Worst and usual?
Maybe we were running about 20 watts.
That should be really good with the new technology, with the new ratings.
Sure.
Maybe we were running about 10 watts.
It's a good way to cut down our expenses, you know.
Cut down the FP and L bill.
Not maybe not 10 watts, maybe more like...
30 watts.
Wouldn't you think if the signal was really that bad we'd heard from a bunch of other people?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what time is Sid going to be doing?
Two to four, 10 to two?
You know as much as I do.
He's coming.
He's coming.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Nell?
Chat bell.
Chat bell, no relation to Chopel.
I have been at the Luminum 4 with the big potato around.
I'm the one that invented putting a fake potato in the Luminum foil.
I sent the fake to you.
You get them?
Yeah.
Great.
Okay, the dogs both died by the way.
He's the guy.
He's the first one to wrap a potato in the Luminum foil, huh?
Yeah, he invented it.
Anybody else having a signal problems today?
Your thoughts?
We're having phone problems.
I'll tell you that.
We got lots and lots of technical problems because that whole technical stuff, man, it's a lot easier to critique than it is to get it right.
So let's continue critiquing it because it's easy.
God.
The signal sucks.
The phones don't work.
Other than that, we're doing it.
And I'm not really too sure about the dump button.
I had another one that said the S went on the air from some lady.
But you know, it could be BS.
Or it could be just regular S.
Are you confident, like we said before?
The confidence level is minus infinity on what's going on here.
Yeah, I'm not very confident.
You're not too comfortable in this new studio and this new state of the art studio that they provided for me?
No.
Trevor says I love you most, of course, but Friday wasn't bad.
Flea sounded youngish, which this station is seriously lacking.
Yeah, we got to get all the old parts off here and get somebody on the air is under the age of 100.
Like Sid.
Somebody reliable like Sid.
Plus he had some real callers, not just a John Bond.
I'm your friend losers or we've had some real callers today.
Didn't we?
Not good ones, but we've had some.
I actually had a couple of good callers on Friday.
I think in time he's going to be really good.
I remember him from the Zaytadays when the city had a real rock station.
On a site, no time to update your site.
I'm over the Travolta picture and you still have email George up there.
Yeah, how come we don't have email flea up there?
I don't know.
Eric asked me about that.
I said, yeah, put it up there and then nothing's happened since.
Nothing's happening on that website.
We're going to have to kick Eric's fan ass.
I hate to say that because Eric, it's a labor of love this website.
Doesn't make any money from it.
And he puts a lot of time into it and without him, we'd be screwed.
You know?
Phil says, oh, this is Phil Latsman.
Well, if you're coming from a real broadcast, we say,
the signal is so bad you can't hear it in downtown Miami.
Been that way since I got to work at 4 a.m.
How do you like that?
Coming from somebody who's really in the business.
The Latsman.
Right.
The signal is so bad you can't hear it in downtown Miami.
What are we going to do about this?
Hope the day hurry up.
I'm going to be talk louder.
Yeah, there you go.
So they're not talking about the technical sound from the studio or like that.
And they're talking about the actual signal.
Right.
Now is it Cuban interference?
Or is it just something else?
What I heard this morning was not Cuban interference.
It was just plain interference.
You couldn't make anything out of it.
You just couldn't hear the station that well.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, wait a minute.
Can that be?
Line 9 is ran?
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Since the election of our new president, we're seeking business owners who are interested in receiving pre-grant money that is available now in your zip code.
We'll take it.
Every soon I might need you, you never know.
Mark down that number, okay?
Because I may need some cash pretty soon.
Well, I have a chance to say goodbye to the audience, you think?
I hope so.
Or they just tune in one day and oh, no more neil, no more George, no more neil.
Now, how are you going to like working with Sid?
Well, I won't be working with Sid.
How do you know that?
Because I won't.
Why not?
Why would I?
In other words, by choice, you don't want to work with him?
By choice, I would prefer not to work with him, yes.
And what if they tell you, well, this is it.
This is the deal, you know, because it seems to me that whatever they tell you, they've got you by the balls.
Well, it'll be a very unhappy relationship.
They play like men and they look like women.
Absolutely.
Well, you know GM's in trouble and there's something they must do.
They close their excitement division, get the sad fact but it's true.
Well, maybe you know it's lead to comedy.
There ain't no secret about that.
I never thought those cars were crummy and somewhere really good on gas.
But since GM is losing money and quarterly sales were quiet, they stopped making this cool pony ex.
The car has never ceased.
No more tram plans, cruising down the street.
There's no way to get a brand new G5.
GM needs the money just to keep themselves alive.
That car company was just a monkey on their back now.
No more money.
It's a bad pony.
About 33 at 560 WQM.
Let me give you an assignment.
Okay, you got your cell phone handy right there.
I do.
Okay, dial the allegedly toll free number.
I dialed it from here but I'm sure it doesn't work out of the floor anyway.
Because it rang and rang and it didn't make any of the lines 2 through 7 flash.
Okay, so dial it up 1, 877, 785, 6345, 6345.
Maybe some other people out there can do it at the same time simultaneously.
Sounds like a sexual thing.
1, 877, 785, 6345.
It's mind-during and on my end.
But it's not flashing on the board.
Line 1 splashing.
Well, that has been flashing.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, that means.
It's you?
Yep, on line 1.
So that is the 877 number.
I'll be damned.
So it does work.
Yep.
On line 1 anyway.
Wait a minute.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
Big fan, big fan.
Yep.
I was just listening and I hear that you're a day-ass guy with another day-ass guy.
You get it?
I'll be just your homo.
Good one.
You're a fan.
Ron Brewer says,
the panel will be at the quarter-deck tonight at 6 o'clock.
Well, what does that mean?
The panel will be.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
It says, my guide, do I hit when you take the calls?
Please talk about something.
We haven't gotten any material from you in a while.
It used to be our source especially during the election.
I actually hate cats and maybe I'm the one killing them.
I'm all for it.
They're the worst animals in the world.
I love dogs.
But the cats make me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
See, there he is again using our stuff.
As of this morning, you can hear your favorite number one rated morning show in the keys.
Oh, Bob and Tom are on in the morning?
There.
As you see, stations are picking up as we speak.
You know why?
Because we're compelling.
We have, oh my god, Mike.
And you have Flea.
We have Steve, the funny homosexual, Brandsick.
And you have Flea.
We have Toast and you have Flea.
We have a studio and you have Flea.
Get my drift.
We love you, Jolly Joke.
Keep it going.
It makes us look like real broadcasters.
Thank you, Jolly Joke.
If you can get rid of Joe Rose, we could pick up a few listeners from him to get our goal of 27 share by January 2010.
What does that mean?
The panel will be at the quarter deck.
I guess everybody has one of those meter things.
Yeah.
Everybody's got a thing will be at the quarter deck.
Mm-hmm.
Well, supposedly like what?
1500 people with those things?
Yep.
It's going to be really, maybe they'll shove some into foam booths there or whatever.
I don't know.
These are coming from your buddies over there at the Clear Channel building, by the way.
That one in the Johnny D'Ollin' one?
Oh, yeah.
Keats says, I've given Flea a couple of chances.
A couple of listens.
There's no way I'm going to be able to put up with that man.
I've tried, believe me, but honestly, Joe Bell.
How are we to tune into such total garbage?
Please let us know what days you will not be in the ill-soaked Vremont iPod to work.
Fake callers, please stop asking Neil how he's doing.
You really care?
Get to the point already.
I love the show, Keith.
You're all you fake callers.
Quit asking, how are you doing, Neil?
How are you doing?
I'm doing WQAM, hello.
Say Pat, I'm brought to you.
Okay.
Hello.
What?
Hello.
Hello.
I'm not sure why they've been calling this number except that you wanted to see whether it worked or not.
Oh, now you called the 877 number?
I sure did, yeah.
Well, thanks a lot, Palli.
It works.
Thanks, Neil.
Bye.
Bye.
But it doesn't work on lines 2, 3 and 4 though, obviously.
Or 5.
This is pretty compelling, you know, when you have to start analyzing which lines work and which ones don't buy number?
Oh, yeah.
Not compelling.
Maybe if the stuff worked, I have a feeling maybe we're on a nighttime pattern.
Do you think that's possible?
It could be.
It could be.
Could be.
Or maybe we're running about 50 watts.
That should be really, really, very helpful with that new rating.
Maybe they're trying to get us down to about a 0.0.
Because if people can't hear it except online, we've got real, real problems, wouldn't you think?
Yes.
I mean, when even Phil Latsman sends a message, that should tell you it's the emis, it's legit.
And you said this morning you could hardly hear Joe.
You couldn't hear Alex Marvez.
I don't know how I'd get through that day if I couldn't hear Alex Marvez and if I couldn't find out how Stormy's doing.
And if I couldn't find out how Drew is doing with the ladies.
J.P. says, and when he's for it, Lauderdale, the signal sounds fine to me.
Please let Flea know that I thought you did a great show on Friday.
Hey, this guy thought you did a great show on Friday, Flea.
All right.
I've been a listener for 10 years and look forward to the summer schedule with Flea.
Keep up the good work, Flea.
J.P.
When did you send this one?
Earlier.
Chuck says that guy is right.
The signal is fading in and out.
I had to turn it off in the car.
Luckily, I'm back in the office listening online now.
Which is a problem.
Is it a problem?
When it comes to the ratings, it's a problem.
It's a big, big problem.
Big, big-ass problem.
But nevertheless, we'll see what materializes.
First key, who's a regular?
And a loyal listener says, the signal's pretty bad.
It sounds like a hurricane behind you.
It took a bit of playing with the radio to sound kind of decent.
But what can you do?
I shall suffer and go on.
Thanks, first key.
Sorry.
Sorry.
We apologize profusely to the audience for the technical ineptitude of Beasley Broadcasting.
And especially, Jolly Jo Bell, who's running the Titanic, deep down into the ocean.
We're going to hit bottom pretty soon.
Kathy says, I know that the...
Don't know the close captioning on DVDs is always 100% reliable.
But I know that line in the movie reads as,
Swankier than the rough places in Vegas.
We built in Vegas.
Rough places.
Not the rough joints.
They must say rough joints.
Because it's not places.
He doesn't say places.
He says joints.
Rough joints.
Rough joints.
Rub joints.
Smoke a joint.
Whatever he says.
Smoke two joints.
Hymen Roth.
It says there's a book I'd buy.
You, if I was made of money, had your address there in the Great White North.
The annotated Godfather, the complete screenplay by Jenny M. Jones.
I'd send you a link, but you don't do links.
I can find it.
By the way, I voted for a clockwork orange because of violence in the film.
Can't stomach it.
Have a good day.
You're right.
They don't like the violence.
I can understand the ladies, you know.
But we don't have that many ladies listening.
How many do we got?
Two.
Maybe.
479 votes.
Godfather Part 2 finally got another vote.
Fourteen people hate the most are covenant.
I can't believe that many people in this audience saw that movie.
Did you?
No.
Well, there you go.
Although after your conversation with the courtess on Friday, you might really enjoy it.
I hate you.
This station stands for nothing.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Would you like a little beer to start the fun on the fifth of May?
We all drink Corona.
Breathe.
Red means that no one has.
Gives me the runs.
Rather have a link with lunch with my Corona.
It is we drink too much.
We'll throw up.
That Corona's mind is better.
Give it up.
Don't you touch.
My fear of stink.
Go to my eye.
I'm.
Oh.
Mama, my Corona.
Mama, my Corona.
1245 at 560 WQM.
Can you hear us?
That's the question.
Curl says I was in higher league today and couldn't believe how bad the signal was.
Once I headed for home in Dural, the signal improved in normal.
Dollar Hollers is curl.
I think I got a pretty good idea how many watts are running today.
The biggest name.
That's not it.
Oh.
Operator error.
That was bad.
You still with me?
I'm here.
Oh.
What I was trying to say, well, I can't get it.
Can't get it to work.
Oh, my God.
Boy, that's bad.
You got a problem on this.
Well, forget about it.
Curl says the signal sucks.
Don in the labelle says the labelle.
That's right on our target audience, isn't it?
Not.
The station signal does seem to be much weaker today in labelle.
If I orient the radio antenna more precisely toward the station antenna comes in fine.
Normally, I don't have to move the radio antenna to get the station.
It's weak.
We're running about five watts.
We reach labelle?
Yeah.
Labelle on me.
Remember that by the whoever did it?
Sure.
No, you don't.
My labelle on me.
The fate George Rodriguez says I thought I was dreaming, Neil.
Are you actually taking phone calls again?
Yes.
Trying.
Trying with this horse ball makeshift not so...
You haven't seen any engineer since?
No.
Steph said he would come back after the show.
Yeah, and I mentioned him about the signal.
I asked him if we're running more than like 10 watts.
Okay.
Judging from your response, it seems to be going fairly well.
Oh, yeah.
It's going great.
What would you do if the usual misfits begin hijacking your phones again?
Well, one of these days, please, going to be able to block them.
One of these days.
Yep.
When we finally get this makeshift piece of turd finished.
You better watch out for that fleek character.
There's something about him I just don't trust.
He seems very effusive and shifty.
His little comment about your closing struck me as a pure snottiness.
You did say I could close any time I want.
You said that?
That's the way it's always been in the past and closing it I've done.
Not here.
Okay.
Not with me.
The lawyer said whatever time it was, and that was it.
It wasn't like I was making a big deal out of it.
It was like a fleeting comment.
It was a shot.
Not really.
He could have been here today, but he's taken another day off.
He's just a slacker.
Despite his claim of not being tuned into his Jewish roots, his shifty Jewishness
is asserting itself more and more.
Watch your back.
The fake George Rodriguez says.
That's just a shot it's used in in general.
How about your partner?
So that was at a shot at mirror, a shot at Jews.
Both.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, you're a lawyer.
It's more than a man.
How's everybody?
It's me, my friends.
Hello.
Hey, how are you?
Yeah.
Hi, my Mario.
Take my friend.
Go away.
Crazy Mario from Hylia.
WQA, I'm hello.
That was it.
That was the medley of the call that we're getting through.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We haven't had one lady called today, have we?
It's almost 1 o'clock.
Yeah, just my wife?
Yeah, I think just the email you had from the lady that was it.
We've had a few emails from ladies, but not any calls.
Nope, no ladies.
How are we doing with the ladies?
Not very well, I guess.
Number your QAM, hello.
Number your QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why do you have that guy on the radio with you?
That guy doesn't even say nothing.
He's a bum.
He should find that punk, that piece of crap.
QAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
I love your show.
I'm glad you're taking calls again.
That's probably the only way I can get through to you.
I work all day out on the road.
I don't have access to a computer.
Yeah.
But anyway, Blee is kind of compelling, but George is a little more.
But anyway, I love your show, Neil.
Keep it up, man.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks, Pallie.
He said you're a little compelling, not super compelling,
but a little compelling.
That's a good start.
We'd be a lot more compelling if anybody could hear the damn radio station.
That would be helpful.
And if the phones would work,
Ernie says, I live in Peppercinds, your signal is pretty good here,
but your signal does seem to be down a little bit,
a little white noise in the signal.
Like, just a little noise like that, maybe, is what he's talking about.
George Ann, who's a regular emailer, and faithful listener, says,
yes, Neil, it's true.
I've been listening to QM since 830 this morning, the signal is crap.
How do you like that?
Not just weak, not just down a little bit, not bad, but...
But...
Oh.
It literally sounds like you're listening to the show through a conch show,
your voice with crashing waves in the background.
I thought it was my damn current in this morning.
Hopefully it'll get better by tomorrow.
By the way, show on Friday was all right,
but, leave, you're going to ask for colors, answer the phone, dude.
Always listening, George Ann.
How do you like that?
She says, the signal sounds like...
And when you get somebody who's in the business like Phil Latzman,
who says, the signal has just got awful,
and you can't even hear it in downtown Miami,
that's not probably a good sign, is it?
No.
No.
Here's an Anglo listener, Carl, streamer for over 10 years.
He says, Flea has an androgynous voice that's tolerable
to all of genders and sexes.
He's not as good as George on the board, but an ice-changer pace.
Yeah, get... work on your board work.
What does that mean?
Not as good as George on the board.
How does he know how you are on the board?
I don't know. Maybe I'm not quick enough to hit that.
Okay.
Stuff like that.
Yeah.
Or...
Rock solid.
I don't know.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, this is a cause for a fleet.
You stuck.
Are you dead?
QAM, hello.
On Friday morning, we have a collagen ratio,
it's at the Palm Blue Hotel.
We don't care about the pollen, Ron Show.
Okay, they suck. QAM, hello.
Hold on. Don't hang up.
Listen to this thing a little.
Wait.
I don't know.
I'm gonna get you aAm, hello.
Hello?
Hello?
Where are you?
Do you hear that?
Where are you?
In Miami.
In Miami, that's a signal on your radio?
Yes, look, hello.
Can we have a hello?
Yeah, I heard enough of it to make me sick
in my stomach the first time.
Can you believe that?
Wow, that sounds really bad.
It's like they're describing.
It sounds like they're listening to a conch shell.
We're stuck inside of a...
I think we're conked.
I'm feeling kind of conked out myself
with all this technical malfeasance and crap.
What kind of a signal is that?
How do we have anybody listening to that?
And our guarantee, we got a...
Oh!
Point in that new research, guaranteed.
Locked in.
Am I right?
When do we get that one day?
First thing, Miami Lake says,
the reports of the bad signal are not exaggerations.
I'm right in the middle of the station's range
and it sounds here like you guys are broadcasting from Cuba.
I can only imagine what the signal sounds like
at home state or north-broward.
What kind of horse-bleep operation is Joe Bell running over there?
He's running a horse-bleep operation, Percy.
A real, serious horse-bleep operation.
Ron and Miami says,
I listen to some stations on the web across the country
and some make you fill out a form with your info
before you can get to your stream.
Maybe they'll do it for ratings info.
Now supposedly the stream works with this new system
to a point, right?
But not they don't get full credit.
Not fully now.
So if everybody's forced to listen on the stream,
that cuts us down.
Even we're going to old points.
Minus point.
Oh.
Ron Brewer says,
what does it mean the panel is going to be at the court of deck?
No wonder you have no ratings.
The panel of people with the things will be out there.
1500 of them will show up and try to get us them to put us down.
Put us down.
See, this is obviously somebody doesn't understand
the way these things work.
Right.
They don't write it down.
It's automatic.
We give them CDs, DVDs, free drinks,
and they all say they'll listen to big.
Gotta get dirty, my brothers.
I know it ain't easy, but yeah.
Is that nonsense or what?
Yeah, it's crazy.
Gotta put us down.
Grab you, it else says, wake up and smell the coffee.
Just try to sabotage your show.
It doesn't want to pay you to take half the summer off again.
Wouldn't be surprised if Lee was in on it.
Are you in on it?
Oh, yeah.
That's what Grab you, it else says.
Jimmy Dorsky says,
with a salsa music in the background,
I wouldn't call it white noise.
Another ethnic shot.
Oh, bet.
I'm just going, here's what Steve says.
Living in the Daytona Beach area,
I hear the station on my car radio, not great,
but still is variable.
I listen online while I'm working,
I've been listening to you since 87.
Followed your lead and moved out of South Florida five years ago.
Like it a lot up here, despite the rednecks.
Love your show, even with the changes,
keep it up and a good work to Steve.
Thanks Steve.
Scott says, just a quick note to let you know the show is still fine.
Lee is doing a great job and he's glad he's on board.
He's got a sensibility that balances the data QM drama
and minimizes the assault of the nut bags in South Florida.
And for the record, we're under the fact that professional mouth contents,
metal cases and mutiny relevance that barrage the show are on Beasley's payroll.
Hang tough, Neil. Love the show. Love you. Love Lee.
I wish you George all the best.
The e this email has unintentionally become sucking up intensive
some stopping now to Scott in New York. Thanks Scott.
And off of the sucking.
Lauren says, you sound as if the waves are hitting against your raft
as you approach Florida from Cuba on the upside.
It does have a nice soothing rhythm.
The thing I'm not driving. Yeah.
Oh.
Meyer says it's rug joints. Damn it.
George got fired for saying rub joints.
And the fact he was small potatoes didn't help either.
Says Meyer rub joints.
Rub this 494 votes on a pole. We're going over 500.
Not not too shabby.
Does that isn't that significant to you?
Yeah, it's good.
That means we might have 500 people listening out there if they can hear it.
Oh, no. This is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hour.
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, six year old Neil Rogers.
Okay. I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Who else takes some calls? All in. Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Oh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said, not on my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American. Have a nice life.
Hello. Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil?
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing.
Bedwear at a pansy.
Great call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Let's sneak it off.
What a mong bring.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show.
And this guy calls me named.
Shame on you, sir.
Shame on you.
By the way, has he seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
Now, what are you cackling about?
A.
This is my gun.
A million producers in the world and they fit me in here with an A.
Shack is my car.
It's in the castle.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't share it off.
You can't share it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from ever stations.
Patizia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead, I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-human, dutabag, unbelievable.
To me, but hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's...
Let's knock into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And can we be true in two?
Oh, shut up.
A girl pathetic.
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had to.
Okay, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
Let's hope not.
Okay, 103, that's my request, because I should have been played there on my own.
My anal chapstick says...
Don't you want to hear what my anal chapstick says?
Of course.
The Schmitty signal is wireless and online.
Besides being crystal clear, I get the added bonus of not having to listen to guilty, screeching voice...
Uncommercials that he does.
As a matter of fact, I get no commercials at all.
Keep up the good work engineering.
Soon you will have no numbers at all.
Unless you check the online ratings where he'll be number one, damn it.
Yeah, sure.
And all you clowns over there at the Cheat Channel building who have nothing productive to do...
Must be nice to have no work to do and sit around all day sending emails to us.
Yeah, wouldn't know.
Yeah, you're sending half of my thing.
April 30th, 2009, big article in the New York Times.
Radio giant faces crisis and cash flow.
Maybe they're sitting around writing all those things to try to convince themselves they got a future...
With that company that's on the verge of going bust.
It says it's too soon to say,
the biggest loser among media companies in this recession, but clear channel communications is vying for the title.
Clear channel donations, largest radio operator in an outdoor billboard company.
Last year became the biggest leverage buyout ever in the media business after was taken private by Thomas H. Lee Partners in Bane Capital.
Now its revenues are plunging and so is its cash flow, making it harder to meet the payments on the billions of dollars in debt accumulated in the process of buying out its public investors.
If it violates some of its loan agreements, those interest payments rise sharply.
Scott Spurling, president of Thomas H. Lee Partners, offered reassuring words about the company's future in interview on CNBC in mid April.
We don't have any expectation of an amendment blow up, he said.
Adding the company still had a lot of levers that can pull to continue to generate reasonable cash flow.
But days later,
cheap channel announced that revenue plummeted 23% in the first quarter and cash flow fell by 47%.
Oh my God.
Then the company announced it was laying off 590 employees after cutting 1815 employees in January for an overall staff reduction of 12% since the acquisition.
Bishop Cheen, who follows corporate bonds for Bacopia, wrote recently that clear channel was on track to become the biggest default among media companies and therefore the biggest work out ever in the industry.
When it outworked out, the company's got $16 billion of bank debt, which it pays variable rates and $6 billion more of junior debt.
You have to money junior.
The holders of the junior debt and the equity holders would absorb the first loss in the event of bankruptcy, so the banks have some protection less incentive to negotiate.
As advertising spending plunges week by week, the likelihood grows that clear channel will fall out of compliance with one of its loan covenants by years end.
And being technical default, several analysts said, Mr. Cheen estimates the market value today less than 6.3 billion.
The market has gone from irrational exuberance to excessive awfulness he said.
How do you like that cheap channel? Maybe they're going to be shutting the damn thing down by the end of the year.
Maybe they can have a contest with what you call it with serious. I'm a serial.
So what's your take on this technical disaster that the station's having? It was on Joe show this morning, so it's not just us.
Because if it was just us, we could be paranoid and say, oh gee, they're punching around at sabotage, you know, like that.
Yeah.
But why would they want to sabotage Joe?
No, they wouldn't.
Well, are you sure?
No. I'm not sure about anything anymore.
Oh, oh, me.
She says, flea did take a shot at you. Let me let me print this out. Okay.
First you said that I was slacking off. I could have had the closing anytime I wanted, which is not true.
Don't you think I may have been doing this long enough that if I could have closed the three in the afternoon, I would have been just fine with me or four or whenever?
Maybe you wanted to down?
I can. Yeah. Yeah. Just why need was another day off, especially under the present circumstances.
All the way to have next week off. And then after that, allegedly, the summer schedule, right? Allegedly.
Flea and Cortis Monday Wednesday and Friday and yours truly Tuesday and Thursday from June, whatever the day is until the week after Labor Day.
Measius is flea did take a shot at you about the closies. Don't have the balls to say it.
But he did think you could have worked otherwise. Why would he even bring that up?
You're closing time at no significance to him other than whether you could work or not.
So I think he is the Joe Bell junior. Don't fall for it, Neil. Remember, he didn't even tell George to.
He told something. He claims he knows nothing, but I think he knew about George's firing at least two weeks prior.
And I think he's on to you. That they want you out of there. Dumped and didn't work two weeks ago. They tried to get you. It didn't work.
I don't trust him. What makes you think he cares about you? Sister List and Measius says. You care about me? Of course.
You care about Sid the kid? Not at all.
Well, you care about him. All right. Like poison.
Geno says, well, this isn't heaven for us, Neil. He's first you start taking calls and now you're playing young Neil. Thanks loads.
PS the signal here in Hollywood as loud as in the front of the office a lot better in the back.
Geno says it's better in the front and not so good in the back of the other way around.
I mean, what we heard when that caller did when he played the radio. Yeah, that was horrible.
Well, let's get some other people to do that. If you got your radio close enough, where you can stick your phone up to it.
Call us and let's hear what it sounds like on here. So we can sit here and weep.
Wouldn't you weep? Yeah. If that's really what's going on here. That was pretty big Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Ola. Hi Neil. Hi, a lady. Let's hear it. We had our food lady on the new deal.
Hi, I'm delivering Neil in Hollywood with my walk minutes. Long as I have only one head float on the signals. Great. Yeah.
What happened to what happened to what the other one on? I hear the ocean. Oh, what?
One channel maybe. Yeah, exactly. Show great. Thanks, sweetheart. Have a good day. OK, bye. A lady.
Oh, now didn't you say something at the beginning of the show about one channel was screwed up for something?
Remember that? Yeah, I was hearing things in one channel. It's fixed now. Maybe the other channel is like the English channel.
Like that.
I mean, this is just out of nowhere. This is just something new and exciting today. I just had a weeny by the way.
Oscar, am I not Oscar? My how was it? Schneider is pretty good. I knew it for like 55 seconds.
And I eat it right out of a paper towel. No bun. No buns. Mustard nothing. No. I got some
mustard, but I didn't put none on there. W Q a M. Hello. Short call Q a M. Hello.
Another one. W Q a M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I live about two miles away from your station.
And I want to don't want to let you hear what I'm hearing on the radio right now. OK, when I turn off 560.
Yeah. Yeah, right. That was excellent. What times is your why I would listen to that? W Q a Q a M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Big pass fan here. Just wondering what do you think Tom Bray will ever be the same here in all kinds of completely reports from up there?
Let me ask you this. How do we know until he starts playing? How do we know how you got a hold man? You got a hope? I mean, those years of during the 80s when the bills of dolphins were picking our ass.
You know, we had nothing. And then we've been spoiled this last decade with this guy. And he just you got a little twitchy. How you get a little nervous?
He'll be fine. I'm open. He still looks pretty good here here. Say that again. OK, see you. He still looks fine to me. Tommy Brady. When he looked pretty good, I shouldn't ask you. You get the cordless jealous.
I still don't understand all that all those emails I had about your show on Friday and. Faggery and this and that. I thought that was when I was here was really gay. You know, I guess I should be more homophobic. Yeah, those damn packets.
In fact, oh, here it is. That damn bag. I can't stand it. You can play that while you're bitching about how I did the closing it to 11 and it could have been a three. OK.
12 minutes passed one at five sixty WQ AM. My junior honey.
Yeah, I don't want to do it. I no I don't want to. One 18 at five sixty WQ AM. Right. I'll tell you the day they shoved his ass out that I was a sad day in the history of QAM. You know what.
Oh yeah. I think we've ever recovered. Steve says I'm listening on the
internet from California as usual shows great. Can't believe you're taking calls. I
can't either especially with this technical crap that's going on. Had a dream
last night you played young Neil and old Neil back-to-back. You played young
Neil earlier a shameless request for old Neil maybe tomorrow. Zyga's known to
Steve and back at you Steve. PR's is I think it's a one-channel job it sounds like
a constant hiss. Yeah I think I'm getting a little hissed off about it. Good to
hear the callers but I hate that the idiots will find you again. It's not a
question of finding us again they never went away. They're there. They're out
there waiting in the in the lurch. They're lurching it. Bill says I listen
every day off the year on an old stereo receiver. The signal is at its usual
level but the meter is wavering up and down. Well what does that mean? I don't
know his meter. I think that's what's happening with that new arbitron
research. It's wavering up and down mostly down. I think the problem is you
given the audience a chance to bitch about something. Same thing about flea
everybody just stop bitching says Bill. Yeah enough of the bitching. We don't like
flea the signal sucks everything sucks we hate those movies you like.
Sure sure miss off Florida not. PR Ralph says I'm at the office I heard very
clear some static but that's from all the electrical crap and by the way
Hank didn't look so good on Saturday he had his constipated look on his face
but back to the sound you sound loud you do sound and clear you do sound and
clear okay whatever you say PR Ralph he's confused get a hopper looked big on
Saturday I saw him on the Belmont telecast. He looked fat he is what fat he is he
would agree he would say he's fat yeah but he did not eat dessert when we
had that meal or woodbine I did I hated to do it in front of him but I did that's
the only good part of the buffet there is the meal is the dessert five six seven
oh five sixty we're taking calls again our phone system screwed up if you
call it is busy it it probably isn't but it's just a phone is all screwed up
but I'm sure that our crack engineering staff will get some crack after the
show look it on it won't they oh yeah but what about the signal thing I don't
know see I wouldn't believe anybody except for the guy that played the the
station on the phone he put his PlayStation on the phone that sounded like garbage
I mean what is that underwater radio man I've heard of underground radio but
never underwater radio sucked Q.A.M. hello WQ.A.M. hello
yeah how you doing okay and this is causing regards to that guy
free he's a piece of crap if you get him up the air he's boring he doesn't say
anything Q.A.M. hello yeah hey Neil yes sir you know I'm in out of the car all
day so I get to listen you sparingly and I I wasn't gonna rip on flee I think
flee does a really good job and I heard some really good shows torsions
flee together but I missed out on exactly all the details and I hate to rehash it
but I have no idea just George disappeared so I was curious is to you know I
thought he was the guy the heir apparent from you know I have to say when I
first started hearing George he was back he won you're on whammy it took some
getting used to because you know for many reasons but I I grew to really like him
you know I thought I was could definitely take over down the road when you
decided to move on and whenever that is but I'm surprised that he's gone and I
figured you probably had his back so I can't imagine that they should be able to
get rid of the guy what he did with that with you there you're able to they were
able to get by you and let him go they do whatever they want okay they don't
honor contracts this this company is just they do whatever the hell they want is
there any reason I mean the guy was doing a decent job I mean it's hard to
fill in for you I would think for anybody but listen if you've been listening
for any part of the last several months they've blown everybody out of this place
okay allegedly for cost cutting like all the other corporate idiots are doing
everybody's getting canned wow so in other words we work cheaper I mean that's
kind of sad for them to flee is doing this show for free wow you can't get
much cheaper than for free yeah well one last thing in the changed subjects
I guess so now I kind of know but that's that news I mean I really like George
everything's are well with him and but you know you're the only bashed in
of liberal copies days just got rid of the only liberal station there is if
you don't want to listen to rush limbaugh or idiots like him yeah you're like
the only person that's kind of contrary to that usual crap so whatever that
means but do with it what you will okay thanks a lot pal thanks have a great day
do with it what you will in other words stick it in your back home I don't
know when he meant by that do with it what you will look at this kneel please
don't give the sick individuals that hate cats the satisfaction I'm an animal
lover if I catch that person they'll know what toothpicks in their eyes feel like
well I cast rate them as they watch by the way your signal here is fine on 79th
street long time list is in Zeta Kevin North Bay Village thanks Kevin we're
coming in just fine over there in 79th Street Causeway I wonder sonny ever I
guess they closed the market down how sonny's market I think so if any
harness is still there though Benny he's is still there mm-hmm here's another one
hello Neil and flee the signal sounds good the only thing in the background
that I can hear is a little static due to the weather love the show and have a
great day says Jane Cooper City well everybody go to Cooper City or go over to
see a pollen old Ron with your meters why why do they keep talking such crap
okay oh no I will give him a bunch of free stuff and they'll put us down right
what does that mean they'll put us down that means they don't know what they're
talking about exactly there's no more diaries you idiots oh I got some bad news
from Bert oh this is bad uh-oh a native Miami B.T.N says the last
Lums restaurant will be closing in two weeks in Davy I know exactly the one
you're talking about on Davy Road extension yep and for us all time is it's
the passing of a local legend beerboard hot dogs the course but this one also
serves olive burgers using the original recipe you can even buy the dry mix in
the restaurant I was there day having an olive burger and they said they expect
the closing about two weeks the good news is they'll be doing a major remodeling
should reopen in three to four months although not with the Lums name but they'll
be offering olive burger still no word however and if they'll still have the
beer beerboard hot dogs well good luck to the people at Lums and that's sad
yeah you should go to Lums a lot of the stuff we were talking about last week
yep but I was a kid it was very compelling though I guess yeah because then
now we're bringing in the consultant and we got to do ding dong school when
clearance was back I can't wait for ding dong school myself I'm I'm sure you
feel the same oh yeah clearance is gonna really he's gonna give us ammunition
we're gonna learn how this new technology works and how to how to defeat it and
how to and of course if anybody could hear the damn signal that would help
too I guess well I know I'm nitpicking I'm starting trouble again
maybe you melt my jockey shorts
anybody has a pinion dissenting from all way
they'll play your name into the system as enemy of the state
don't even bother to question just follow and don't think everybody's
freely
you
good
landation.
As a USA.
You gotta hate those two.
And Clinton's Ibaros too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state run new.
Bloodworn, four cornbread.
Fill up your escalade.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
Vagas USA.
We don't mind to see our jobs grow.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by trade loans.
Don't read no stupid books.
All now are in printing.
The taxes are rich and way.
Everybody's earning five years.
Vagas USA.
132 at 560 WQM.
We got the big coming up for two.
Robert says, and this might be informational.
Okay.
As a former station engineer,
let me give you a few points about your station signal.
WQAM signal is transmitted along with two guard bands.
One at 550 and the other at 570,
which are transmitted simultaneously along with the main carrier at 560.
These guard bands contain white noise.
This phenomenon was discovered during the Second World War
for communications between troops in the field.
It was hoped that anyone not zeroed in on the main frequency
wouldn't hear the short messages between the troops.
This worked well with the crystal-controlled equipment of the day,
but it's a disaster for the AM radioers of today.
As their wide band enough, you can't remove the white noise completely.
So along with the other stations from Cuba,
and the white noise WQAM signal is almost obliterated in the process.
Let me read that sentence again.
So along with the other stations from Cuba,
and the white noise WQAM signal is almost obliterated in the process.
I remember when my job transferred me to Daytona Beach,
and it might surprise I could get QA all the way up there,
but now you're having problems in Dayton Broward.
Just as a note, radio-carricole 1260 does the same thing with their signal too.
Just thought I'd let you know what the trouble is.
Thanks for the wonderful four hours of radio. I look forward to daily.
Thanks, Robert.
Former station engineer.
Now, do you understand what he's talking about?
I think a little bit.
And I'm not an engineer, but it didn't sound good.
It doesn't sound good. It sounds really, really, negative.
Especially as regards this new technology with the ratings.
Which is funny, because back maybe about a year and a half ago,
Joe Bell gave me this book, kind of, that was written by Randy Michaels.
He gave it to you. Yeah.
Randy Michaels. Oh, brother. Wow.
Oh, my God.
And it was talking about the basics of programming radio.
And it said the number one rule is you've got to have a good signal,
because if people can't hear you, the ratings game is over.
Let me tell you another number one rule about management radio.
Don't ever overreact to ratings.
A good, a great month, a really bad month.
Don't overreact. Good management people.
Don't go off the deep end about one month or one trend or like that.
Oh, your number 24 in your demo.
We need to get consultants in here.
We have those ding dong schools with parents.
Oh, geez. What are we going to do?
Just an excuse to metal with a show and to give me disgusted.
And to be honest with you, based on the way this phone thing is working today
and the signal problems, I mean, you know,
less of people would have just gotten up and walked out.
Never going to happen.
Never going to happen.
So like I said, you'll have to hire a hitman.
That's the only way you're going to get rid of me.
Martins says I was born and raised in Miami.
I've been listening to you on and off for years.
Finally moved to Sebastian Thordon 2006,
and it was a culture shock.
Hardly any traffic jam.
It's almost everybody speaks English.
And there actually are a few nice people.
All those years, George, was with you and just like that, he gets fired.
That's right. After 19 years on the show, just like that, he gets fired.
Anyway, I listen to you every day online.
It sounds better than radio ever did.
Take care of loyal listener Martin.
Thanks Martin.
He's in Sebastian.
Remember Joel Sebastian from WSYZ?
I'm sure you don't.
No.
Wait before your time.
It's from Detroit, which you never lived in Detroit.
Count your blessings.
He was one of my favorite DJs, Joel Sebastian.
1270 WSYZ.
You know who worked at WSYZ?
The Amcest Joey Reynolds.
Really?
Yeah.
I love the call letters.
Huh?
I love the call letters.
Well, they changed them.
They went talking.
They became WSYT.
Oh, that is good.
I mean, why would you, it would be like taking WABC and making it a WABD?
I mean, what would be the point?
WSYZ, my ass.
WSYZ were great call letters.
Yeah.
And at that time, we had CKLW and Kiner 13 in Detroit.
Three great rock stations.
But that's in the past.
You can't live in the past.
But you'll see when you get to be an old fart, you'll also be reminiscing back about,
wow, you know, this and that.
You'll see.
I do already.
I reminisced back to the days when our radio was good and fun.
Yeah.
When was that?
Maybe 20 years ago.
Long in the past.
Sure as hell not in the recent past.
Not in the misjoint.
Uh-huh.
Now, if there's anybody who knows how to make it miserable and not fun,
these are the people who know how to do that.
You're good, buddy.
529 votes on the pool of all the movies near loves which one do you hate the most?
Hate like poison.
That was down 103, by the way, in negative Monday.
Town did Mr. Ripley 63, definitely two from most of our match-o audience.
Magnolia 56.
I don't understand that in a clockwork or in 56.
That I could understand for the violence, but Magnolia, what's not to like?
Good movie.
I hate them all 40.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 36.
I haven't seen any of these movies 34.
Ha ha ha.
Oh, six and a half percent of the audience haven't seen any of the movies on his list.
Wow.
Christine 31, FATSO 31, the Exorcist 29, Requiem for a Dream 29, Dracula 28, Deliverance 26,
Godfather 17.
That's an infomnia.
Network 16, Covenant 15, Imaginary Heroes 13, the hospital 6 and Godfather Part 2 is all the way up to three vote.
17 people say they hated the Godfather, like poison.
WQA Am Hello.
Yeah.
What's up, buddy?
It was a monk.
That's 0.41.
It's who?
Monk.
Monk, yeah. How are you doing, monk?
All right.
Yeah. I'm just one of the calls to let you know that.
I got some of these at the piece of crap that he sucks.
Okay. Thanks, monk.
I remember your restaurant, though, the monks in.
Don't start again with those old restaurants.
Your buddy, Jolly Joe hates that, I guess.
Really?
He hates everything I do because I need the help.
We need a consultant here.
Let's get Walt Sabo on the phone.
Yeah.
He could screw it up.
See, one thing about consultants, you know who they are?
Radio consultants?
What's that?
They're people who can't do it.
They can't manage.
They can't go on a year and do a DJ.
They can't do talk shows.
They can't even run a board.
So people who can't do radio, they become radio consultants.
And tell everybody else how to do it.
Like Walt Sabo.
Maybe you can bring Karen Kay to the station.
And you can catch him in a...
Catched her two of them in a lip lock.
The first day she went on the year on...
And of course he got her hired there at IOD with Paxton.
She goes on the year that night and she brags about the fact
that she's banging Walter Sabo.
Who's the station's consultant?
She says, oh, I don't see anything wrong with that banging the boss.
Yeah, like that.
Wow.
And everybody was like...
Just in shock.
Like how can you go on a year and admit that you got the job
because you're screwing the...
I had one in my mouth once.
I'm sure that.
At least Karen Kay.
She didn't last too long.
I wonder why.
But Walt Sabo, what his favorite trick is to take you to lunch.
You're the talent. He'll take you to lunch.
And he'll pretend he's on your side.
Oh yeah, that Paxton.
He doesn't know anything about radio.
And then he'll probe to get every squeeze you for every piece of information
and every comment that you've got.
And then he'll go back to the management people
and tell them everything you said.
Because he's working for them.
And then get reimbursed for the lunch.
I'm sure that.
Consultants don't buy lunch.
Holy cow, errands coming.
Come one, come all.
That's a movie.
Oh.
They sold this radio station.
All right.
Now the future is in doubt.
We've been talking about Paxton.
Ever since Cox pulled out, now we'll work for Paxton.
The man's millionaires.
Gone to work for Paxton.
He's like Wayne with more hair.
I think that it's a bummer
when film and reason gone.
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron.
Summers.
Say hi to Ron and Ron.
They're going to work for Paxton.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're going to work for Paxton.
But he'll eat, change in his act.
Paxton's a born again Christian.
Boy, my guess is he can be.
He wants to change the stations.
Letters, WGOT, now will work for Paxton.
If they'll go, please pretend to go.
Paxton, Paxton, Paxton, gone on work for Paxton.
Paxton, Paxton, make the sign of the cross.
145, a QM.
Boy, we're almost got through this today with this phone situation.
Yep, and with a signal and all of these things.
Well, I guess, you know, the first day in the new studio,
it was bound to have some issues, you know.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
You're not surprised.
I'm in shock.
Not so much with the phone thing, but with a signal deal.
All of a sudden, I don't know where out of the blue.
They said the signal, blue.
Oh, John and Lake Worth says I have the day off today.
I'm able to listen to you online.
Not used to a clear signal.
Sounds almost like a real radio signal online.
Anyways, I did notice one thing about your signal up here in Palm Beach County.
It really depends on the car radio you're listening to.
My work vehicle is a 2007 Chevy Malibu.
It has a great FM stereo system.
The AM is horrendous.
My personal vehicle, a 2008 Chevy Silverado pickup, gets your station fine.
This has a lot to do with your signal.
Enjoying your show is always, John and Lake Worth.
Thanks, John.
Do you understand what he said about the signal?
No.
I don't either.
Please going to be just fine since Boomer over the summer on his own.
Isn't Boomer somebody you know?
He's a friend of George.
Oh, boy.
Well, not much of a friend.
He's a real broadcaster with some big shoes to fill, but the ability to project a fine show.
I'm sure he'll also run a light, a tight board.
Are you going to run a light board?
I'll try.
Well, Mr. George is a summer.
I hope that he's back on here somewhere sometime soon.
The signal is spotty and most anything and everything that you can imagine being wrong with it is.
The signal has been bad for quite some time from it else interference to QM's incompetence,
and lack of caring about doing regular maintenance, apparently engineering a QM prefers to sleep Sunday through Monday overnight when it should be accomplished.
I can remember when 560 sounded like a real powerhouse back in the store's broadcasting days.
They were grave robbers at two.
At least they had a decent signal knew how to sell it and knew something about the rating system.
Speaking of yesterday, your bill column was one of my favorite game show hosts and certainly one of the most competent.
How do you like that? You didn't even know Bill Cullen.
There you go.
Too bad he passed a few years ago.
He walked with Olympia because of injuries sustained during World War II.
I don't think so.
I'm going to Google it.
Do you remember when he hosted the NBC game show called Eye Guess?
No.
Jack Clark was the booth announcer.
Another classy and decent guy and a light like the late Ken Moldin.
Bill Cullen was articulate goes on and on about Bill. I'm going to have to Google it.
Maybe Clear Channel could eat itself and help us all out.
I'd like to see them lose all their signals, finances and properties.
Then I'd like to see President Obama move to have the telecom active 96 reversed and have all those extra signals without original local programming on them. Go dark.
If you like with your phones, your new studios and some of vacations.
Best of luck to flea. He's a good guy. One of the few in the business.
By the way, I worked for Bob Bell back in the K-102. He was also a major ass clown.
And he chance he may be related to your Joe Bell. I doubt it.
Even though your phones seem open and I've been told I'm articulate, I still can't get through and don't have time to wait.
Yeah, it looks like they're open. In fact, a couple times it looked like they were all dead. Remember?
Yeah. And that's because people are dialing and getting a business signal because the whole deal is all screwed up.
But don't complain now. We don't want to hear no complaints. Right?
That's right. Oh, I know who Bill Cohen is once I see his picture.
Okay. Yeah. I know.
Glasses.
Yep.
Well, he's been dead a while.
Very like a little guy. He just, you know, to be a game show host, you have to have a certain personality.
You know, you don't have charisma.
And he did. Yeah, he's been dead for 19 years.
Really? Yeah. Now, did you go over them? Yeah. I'm in his Wikipedia.
What does it say about his limp? They want to think about Bill Cohen. They never showed him walking because he walked with a really bad guy.
So like when he was on pyramid, they would go to break for him to move behind the thing the podium, whatever was.
What does it say about his gimpy limp? I don't see anything right now.
Well, you look that up while I read this from Steve.
My favorite WXYG DJs were Lee Allen, Jim Davis and Joel Sebastian. I don't remember Jim Davis.
Of course, the bestie to a DJ was Dick Burton. That is absolutely.
Absolutely. Correct.
Lee Allen was my favorite on WXYG. He got fired from XYZ for saying on the year,
maybe I'll get off the table. The $2 is for the beer.
I never knew that. So he had polio. Yeah, he has a young man. He had polio.
And that's why he walked with a bad limp. Not interested in WW2. How could he fight in the war when he was at a bad limp?
At any rate, straight and boomer out. When you court, it says you could straighten any guy out.
It says this was in the days of curling black label beer whose slogan was Mabel black label.
That's correct. You're in top form today's Xygazone since Steve.
I'm in top form, even with a phone and a signal all the other crap.
Because we got our new studio, baby. Oh, yeah.
You're excited. You're all whipped up. Yeah. Got a nice view of what? Ray Perry.
Well, I close that. I close there isn't a good part of the deal is this morning before the show.
I actually was able to come in here about nine o'clock and you and I were able to confabulate for an hour before the show the way it's supposed to be.
Yeah. And everybody in a nice view of the Comcast building and 441.
Well, what more could you want? Right.
I wouldn't be surprised if you see Brook Daniels running in a PD Bulger over there at the jiffy loop across the street.
Maybe she's getting another wax job. Did you ever hear that story? No.
She had a little wax. He build up. Well, Brook Daniels, you know the battling book. Do you know who that is? Yeah, I do.
She was a Randy wannabe.
That's where the battling broke. Oh, she was bad.
She was another one of those rejects that went on IOD after packs and got it.
I remember Kate Brook Daniels. What was the guy Greg oh, who replaced me when they paid me off for seven months to go away? Nice.
I'll tell you there's nothing like it being paid to go away. I mean, I just am dropping, you know, dropping a hint.
Pay people off they go away to get out of your hair. They don't talk bad mouthy in the media. They just, you know, they just go away.
Write them a big check.
And when Paxton bought me out for those seven months and I was in limbo before I came over here.
I used to have to go to the station to pick up my check every week.
Where we two weeks, whatever the hell it was.
Not a good deal. Wouldn't you think that normal would have made an arrangement so they would have mailed it to me so I didn't have to.
Shluck to the radio station down there on 441. Yeah, that was kind of a strange.
Not enough straight me out. Is that the building that we're in now?
This used to be the Paxton building. Yeah, used to be the Paxton building. Yeah.
So down there are a few blocks further south than the old QAM. My own a half maybe.
That's the one. Yeah, because when I came to Miami, I worked in this building and it was love.
Big one of six in Zeta and IOD and INZ. I think we're all in this building. Yeah.
It was crazy. Five stations in this building.
And what building in the building? I keep thinking you were in the where I was.
So if I did come down there, I wouldn't even be able to find you guys.
No, maybe not. Which is probably just as well. The way things are going lately just as well.
547 votes on the poll and believe you me.
35, 6% say I haven't seen any of these movies. Well, you know what?
Get busy and get a life. Forget about charging.
It's day. I only tell you.
You can't feel your head.
Believe you go out to find weed your money stays.
You can't see another way to fill your need.
Oh, you try to think of who could score you some blood. Oh, yeah.
You almost switched a blue.
It's for sure.
Pipes lined with passion.
No, you're gonna have to scrape it. You're addicted to blood.
My eat is well-faced. You're addicted to blood.
My eat is well-blazed. You're addicted to blood.
My eat is well-faced. You're addicted to blood.
My eat is well-blazed. You're addicted to blood.
On the good ship, on this stud, it's a slave ship.
And it's very hot when you're all all day.
And the wind blew us the back with change.
It's a wooden ship and it smells unlike an arpeggio.
It's for a bad egg part and when you die of them, these.
They throw the body in the sea.
It's crispy enough, hold on, boil it for sure.
The lung is around and if you complain, oh no!
Why'd there be two in the rusty cage?
And the slave ship, they don't serve no food when you get seasick.
They feed it back to you. Life is very hot on the good ship on this stud.
Bye bye bye!
