The music's pressed on the music.
Got some great news folks.
Gary Sarner's gone again.
Oh, right.
It was like those of the Beasley Brackess group.
Hi, Gary.
Don't come back this time.
Everybody here.
You're listening to South Road is sported.
5, 6, 7, WQM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Now if rodeo ritmo can just not get a bunch of wired diaries again today, we might move up a slot.
You think?
I don't know.
5, ratings day, ratings day, the Neil Raiday, Mayday.
ratings day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in date and Broward.
In other counties, called toll free.
8, 7, 7, 7, and 3, 5, 60 in the audience.
Well, let's have a party.
5, 60, 180 in T and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinion is expressed by...
That's a good morning to everybody in the business.
He's tuning in waiting for the ratings.
So, WQM, ready for the waiting.
Wait for the staff.
Wait for the waiting.
Now, the Neil Rogers show on 5, 60 WQM.
You get a lot of bands.
Let's do it.
All right.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
WQM.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
In India, we like to drink.
So, Dad, Dad has some peace.
But now, we conserve funky stuff.
That's made with bovine wheeze.
I'd like to teach the world to drink.
Drink with me.
A glass of some coffee.
You never go back to drinking coke.
Cause cow urine's tasty.
It's not a routine.
Caught me.
Convince on today.
It is very salty.
It's not a routine.
Don't forget to ask your grosser about that.
Oh, my God.
What happened?
There's a long email from Brandon on here this morning.
You know, our close personal friend Brandon.
Yes.
It's just, it's all I'll get to it.
I'll print it out.
Something about Lanciter.
Really?
Oh, my God.
Two interesting audio clips.
One of which is from 93 when you were talking to Randy,
who was in studio about how much you both disliked Bob Lanciter.
You were ripping him a new one.
And then the next one is from 95 when Bob got a call from a listener
and set him off when he found out you were in the hospital.
And Bob went off yelling and screaming that he hates the listeners
and ever going to S.U.N.
because of his friend's trip with you.
I'll just print it out.
I, boy, Brandon.
I thought Brandon had a life.
God.
Anyway, Gary Sarner's out again.
I guess he came back and they didn't give him the deal he wanted.
He's in.
He's out.
He's in.
He's out.
Good news is right now.
He's out.
Welcome.
Yeah.
The fake J. Friedman says,
when is Joe Rose going to get it that nobody cares about ice hockey?
Ice hockey.
Is he getting paid off for talking about hockey?
Shameful.
Well, guess what?
Whoever sent this, we got four major sports in South Florida.
The Panthers are one of them.
And by the way, they're going to get nothing for J. Bomis during July.
He's going to fly the coop and sign with somebody else
and they're going to get nothing in exchange for him.
Which was a bad deal, but nevertheless.
I like the way the interview with Jack Martin ended there with dial tone.
I wonder if that was intentional or what?
I don't know.
I think, uh, no, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
No.
Just because he kept asking about J. Bomis.
J. Bomis, it's not his name is Bomis.
But nevertheless.
Let's see.
SUDs sent me an email.
The real SUDs, a big anniversary hug.
Thanks, SUDs.
Sorry, I'm a bit late with this, but wanted to send congratulations on being in the year in South Florida for 33 years.
Wow.
Personally, I think the show sounds like it's at the 34-year level.
Whatever that means.
He's great.
Yes, he is.
Thanks, SUDs.
There you go.
Give me a big kiss on the mustache.
Did he sort out the mustache?
He just wouldn't be SUDs without the mustache.
It's almost invisible now.
It's at a very subtle touch.
Really?
But it's still there.
What do you mean it's very subtle?
Well, he keeps it very close and it's very small now.
Close to the vest?
That's right.
I didn't know he had no alley-felching worth a vest.
Hey, alley!
You ferry!
The fake Paul Castanovas says, can't wait for the numbers.
Hope you devote the whole show to it.
We're on pins and needles.
The suits I've worried about, Bob and not us.
And George assures me this is not the real poly.
Right.
Well, they're on the year doing a show right now.
So I'm sure he wouldn't take time out from his busy schedule to be emailing this old queen.
That's correct.
Okay.
Bob says, here's an I.C. email.
Last night, my wife and I celebrated our anniversary at High Life Cafe.
I'm writing because the certificate was expired,
but they still let me use it without any hassle.
Right.
The food and service were great.
We will definitely go back.
Thanks, Neil says, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Great experience at a needle deal.
We don't have a restaurant today, but we still do have some certificates left from the last two weeks,
because nobody's got any money and everybody's out of work.
Kex South, the Kindle.
We got seven left for those that.
And E City Grill.
We've got 11 left for that.
So go to qm.com, wqm.com, and get on here and hop up those last remaining few.
So you want to hear what Brandon has to say or not?
I do.
I do.
Well, I just got through reading it.
See, not too much was going on.
I was looking for something entertaining on the internet.
I came across two very, very interesting audio clips.
Not just very interesting, or not just regular interesting, but very, very interesting.
One of which is who's going to bring in the numbers in flea?
Yeah, eventually he's got to get them emailed to him from Power 96.
I guess they have the email.
And then he'll be printing them and running them right.
Oh, Jesus.
What kind of a stale.
Yeah, bitch.
It's about you about it.
Why don't you?
One of which are the clips from about 93 when you were talking to Randy.
Wow.
Who was in studio about how much you both just liked Bob Lanciter.
You were ripping him a new one.
And then the next one is from 1995 when Bob got a call from a listener and set him off when he found out you were in a hospital.
Bob went off yelling and screaming that he hates the listeners and ever going to the WSU end because it cost him his friendship with you.
He was worried sick about you even though you hadn't spoken him in two years at that point.
Then he found out all you had was just the flu and Phil Henry had a bit saying you were in a hospital.
And they told the story and how you discovered him and made his career.
It's very interesting.
A pair of clips especially when Bob went off on that caller.
I might send that snippet to you because you might even be able to play it on your cause it's just a couple of minutes long.
Send it to George, not to me, Brandon, because I can't play anything.
Right.
My computer ain't hooked up to the board.
So send it to Jorge and maybe we'll play it or maybe not.
We'll see.
I'll let you decide.
All right.
Hmm.
Flun?
Hmm.
Chewy.
Some good juicy chewy.
Not chewy.
I like chewy.
Yeah.
Got some chunks in there.
No.
I wish I did.
I like that.
It's a good appetizer.
Sean was obviously a crazy person.
And you know, I get accused.
Oh, you all call people idiots in that.
Well, listen, when I read this, just the first sentence will convince you that this Sean, this is not our pole guy.
Sean, this is another Sean was wondering if your new staff could find the hospital Robin Williams is staying at.
If your new staff could find a.
My girlfriend wants to go over and annoy him with some of that patch Adam stick while his ticker is being repaired.
Yeah.
See if the new staff can find what hospital Robin Williams is in as it will get them right on it.
Yeah.
Also, you hear Bob's barbs, the barbs bush had some hard issues yesterday too.
I think the news here is they even found a heart and that old skank.
With all this heart business in the media, glad to hear you've begun nesting.
Is having Paco around your equivalent old lady, latching onto cats to suffice that nurturing maternal instinct?
Yeah, I guess so.
They do say it's good for the car.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I don't know what I'm saying.
Betty who unfortunately is not joking.
Remember I said yesterday Betty had an arbitrage diary?
See.
I gave her instructions as to what to do,
but she says, okay, but if I feel in just what I listen to
leaving out all the terminal crap hola,
my book is going to look pretty sparse when I send it in
with one program daytime, 10 to 2 on QAM,
and what evening program by a podcast,
Night of Midnight on Satellite.
Well, it's not a contest to see if you're diary-heavy,
sparse, or not sparse, or real busy, Betty.
It's a question of what you do listen to.
So please, please fill it in for us and for whatever else you
listen to and send it on in.
Please, Betty.
Quit trying to take something very, very simple
and making it very, very complicated,
kind of like our management does.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
I switched it.
Pretty interesting result.
7002 votes.
If I was stuck on a deserted island,
the one thing I would want to have is a woman,
315, a five-gallon jugger-fresh water, 109,
a pocket knife, 75, a book of matches, 47,
a bottle of rum, 35, Joey Jonas, 32.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
A radio, 30, a mirror, 15, the Bible, 14,
my iPod 11, the portable DVD player in a movie,
Castaway, 6, I have a blanket, five,
a bag of Doritos, four, a bag.
It have to probably be a big bag, I would imagine.
Right.
And a flashlight, four, a bag of Doritos.
We have a big old bag, kind of like the family size bag,
but Al Goldstein used to eat the cereal, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
From extra?
It was extra, extra, extra large.
Oh, yeah.
The family size.
He's either right out of the box, Al Goldstein.
And he ballooned up to about a thousand pounds,
and then he fell on hard times, and I was down to about 30 pounds.
Right.
That's what I would say, Al Green.
The poverty diet.
We're selling food.
What?
The poverty diet.
Works every time.
Yeah, the poverty diet.
I'm a fast Jew.
Mm-hmm.
Not anymore.
In fact, if you look on that blog, everybody's got a blog.
Norma can't's got a blog.
Oh, boy.
That issue we were discussing with Flea about the ratings and bonuses and stuff.
That's an interesting point.
And of course, there's only one way we're going to get an answer to that,
and that is if that of Norma can't were involved in any way,
shape or form with Jolly Jobelle or Me or the show,
we might get an answer, but he's not.
He's busy blogging and logging and flogging and whatever.
He's an idiot.
Oh, there he goes again, calling his own agent an idiot.
Yeah, that's right.
Anthony and Tamerex is happy 33rd.
I thought you might find this humorous.
I work for it.
Where's the numbers already?
It's 10 after 10.
Oh, yeah.
I work for a pain clinic sitting in their former location's parking lot,
directing customers to the new location.
I've been to this location for three days.
Found out yesterday.
The building next door is the Religious Radio Station 1520 Wexi.
I'll ride.
I was made aware of this information by a pastor who works there as a talk show host.
When he told me they did talk radio, I told him I listened to you every day,
asked him if he has heard of you.
When he responded with a sarcastic smile on his face,
yes, I'm aware of Mr. Neal Rogers.
Ha-ha, this is Anthony.
Ha-ha.
Also last week, you were discussing old-time candies.
Remember, chico sticks?
No.
They were great.
Hope you enjoy it.
Have a great weekend.
What do you do to Anthony and Tamerex?
I never heard of chico sticks.
Did you?
Yes.
What are they?
They're kind of like a butter finger sort of a thing.
Really?
Yes.
I like butter finger.
Just fine.
That's fine.
Yeah.
You like butter finger?
I love them a lot.
I just had one of them a day ago.
You had one a few days ago?
Yeah.
Like three days ago, I forget.
Wish I could find me a Clark bar.
Well, I haven't had one of those.
I don't know how many years.
Many, many, many, many, many years.
I'm sure you have those.
I'm going to ask you to email you a picture of the chico sticks.
I'm sure you've seen them.
Oh, I don't want to see a picture of the chico.
Who wants to see a picture of candy?
Well, I can't.
I've said you the candy.
Well, why not?
The thousand, 115 points.
It's lost most of what it gained yesterday.
That's the bad news.
It's going down, down, down.
All you schmucks out there, you schmucks, McGiggy's.
I told you a long time ago, a fool in his money or soon parted.
I learned my lesson.
It's gambling without the fun.
That's the stock market.
It's not investing.
It's gambling without the fun.
185 votes on the new pool.
We'll get to it after the break.
And then I'm sure by then lots of big numbers are coming in.
You're smooth.
Deal.
Yeah.
So where's those numbers?
I don't know.
Are you cereal?
Where is the stone you're wearing?
You swam in the 400 meter individual medley.
The stone you wear and you race the four by 100 freestyle relay.
The stone you wear and you swim the 200 meter freestyle.
And the stone you turn the 200 meter butterfly
There's only one way to win the gold
Every swimmer must get stones
Well, the stone you win the 4x200 meter freestyle relay
The stone you win the 200 meter individual medley
The stone you win the 100 meter butterfly
And the stone you win the 4x100 meter medley relay
There's only one way to win 8 gold
Every swimmer must get stones
1017 at 560 WQAM
We got the big O2 mad dog 4 to 7
Perikun hotline 79
Dolphin tonight 9 to 10 wow and then DA 10 to midnight
Got some real clenkers in there
Now, so what's the story?
There is a one
Well, what does that mean?
I have no doubt that we'll get the numbers as soon as they're able to bring them
What kind of a horseball answer is that?
Well, how about if I get up and go over to power at any sex and see what's holding it up?
Yeah
Go talk to Eddie mixed because say, hey, yo Eddie, what's going on?
Even the fake time jicker writes everyone's whipped up into a frenzy about today's show
Tell shit to get off his stuff this instant
Remember those days when kids screw me?
Sure
Long time ago, that's because power 96 always gets the stuff first because we don't count
They're at fam, they're big time
We just make believe, we're like Conway Twitty, only make believe
This is, I knew this was going to happen once you told me that flea was going to get the emails
I mean, come on
Yeah, yeah, what?
Nothing yet, he says
Nothing yet?
Nothing yet, he has gotten it
What does that mean?
He has gotten nothing yet, nothing is the opposite of something
It's 10, 18
Okay, I think the magic should stop doing the show until we get the numbers
That's a good idea, I can go take me a little nap
Scott and panellist parks has tuned in to watch the first game of the world baseball classic
4.30 in the morning and ESPN 2
Boy, talk about no life
Live from Tokyo, bootshobby and more testy's distrata
Draw your own conclusions, it says, whatever that means, I have no idea what that means
I also have no idea why anybody would watch that
Especially at 4.30 in the morning or any other time for that matter
Are you telling me the MS now that there is nothing?
Nope, I'm making it up, he actually brought the numbers to be 10 minutes ago
And there's sit right here and I'm not faxing them to you because I'm a bastard
But we know that
Boy, he just, he's gone from the top of the list right to the rock bottom
Well, I don't really believe it's his fault
Well, it seems that it must be just a coincidence lately that everything he gets his finger into smells really bad
You know what I mean?
Raccoon, yeah
I mean, he's got the old stinky finger, he's got stink finger from where I'm sitting
Although Gary Sarner's out, that was good news
Thanks for delivering the good news, Lena, give us some damn numbers
Everybody in the market is listening, they're on the edge of their seats
They're waiting to hear about bubble loves bunch and about Paul and old Ron and to see if they took a hit
They're waiting to see how the jerks across the street did with their big mouth and their tiny numbers
Oh, numbers don't count, they don't tell you, yeah
Only little bastards numbers count when they get a good number then it counts and when they get a bad number
It's a bit of beep, bit of boop, bit of boop, yeah
Right
Richard and Miami says that this is another crazy person
I have searched to know a veil for the sound bite about 30 man used on the New Rogers show
About 30 man
Can you send me the sound bite?
I promise to play it incisantly until such time that I'm fired
100 bucks
Can you send me the sound bite?
100 bucks
We get these requests every day at least by sometimes several
I have no lines
I was taking on new meaning these days
That is really something
20 after 10 and there is no number yet
No
You're just, I don't understand you, I mean not that this is the end of the world
But anyone you or me can do about it
Well, why not?
What?
You jump up and down like Rumble's Totskin and start certainly hissing
And I jump again
That's right now
Now you're talking
God
I think we should strike
Strike what?
Strike this
Strike a match
The match on the desert island that was right above, that was right above Joey Jonas's
A racco-
Yes, a match
And a bottle of rum
Sounds like the beginnings of a great party to me, but anyway, what's the deal now?
What is he telling you anything?
See this is what I don't understand
Yeah, he told me that he got nothing yet
And does he think there's a reason for that?
Is there some kind of a technical breakdown which wouldn't be the first time in this horseball place?
I don't know
I'm sure Clarence is in there because he was busy doing you and basketball, I was not really doubt that he's back
He was in Jojo
So I'm sure that we don't have our real program director now he's that term very loosely
We don't have Gary Sarner, Gary could do it because he's not in the house anymore
Yeah, Maddie Bell
Maddie Bell would be good
Maybe Maddie, yeah he used to also come with the numbers too, remember those days?
I get it, Maddie Bell
Powered on his six
Right, that's right
Maybe Ray Perry can do it, he's not doing much of any of them
Maybe Ray could sort out those 45 sports stations that he's so fond of
Yeah, if we just had more stations doing sports talk, I'd bring a lot more people to sports talk radio
Oh, what a crazy person, Ray Perry
No, that's right, he's not the crazy person there, the ones that have them on the payroll
So here it's 1022, I'm, I got some stuff in my pile here, not a whole lot, but
Jesus, I mean everybody in the world is counting on us today and we're letting it down
I guess they'll stay tuned in
November, December and January, this is the trend, three, the rolling trend
Right
Now we're dropping off a bad October, so we might do okay, but then again we, who knows, I have no idea
Okay, I haven't got any idea, of course I've been reading all these emails all that time
And George thinks that they suck bad and that they're just terminal, terminal boring
I can't keep up space
So we probably won't do all so well because of the old man
That was down 155, so we gained 150, yes, to you gain, not me, and now we've lost 0,4 and a half point
Barbara Bush's heart surgery, she's recovering, she's still alive
That's the bad news
She still got those Marty Feldman eyes
You know, a lot of things I have a hard time believing, but this one today, this is a new low
23 minutes into the hour, we still haven't got anything
Right
I mean wouldn't you think that he'd have some kind of an excuse like the numbers aren't coming down
Because there's a technical glitch or some of the durable died something, something
I don't know if he is in touch with Eddie Mix over there, who is the recipient
Eddie Mix, Eddie Mix, we're kind of a phony name is that, is he akin to Tom Mix?
I'm gonna show his name, you know how people in the air know how I hate that name
Yeah, because their real name is really embarrassing
Deal, goodnight
So he's the one receiving the numbers if and when they come in and then he's gonna email them to Lee
And Lee's going to print them up
And give them to us
Todd says my favorite was Jonathan Witter's glad garbage man, but dates me severely
I know he didn't drop the poll today
At some point you should have a poll on the commercial spokesman you hate the most because you know it's all about the hate here in the magic city
My vote would be for the Burger King with a big plastic hand because he gives me the heebie jibis
Hope your numbers are good so you can keep your job
Ha ha ha
Okay, oh Mr. Radio says the chat rooms are going nuts
Get out of here seems like everyone in the markets excited about today's show where are the numbers you think sit will have a 1.0 I don't know
I'm afraid Joe won't do much better
Let's see how mad dog did against LeVastard sports radio might have run its course. I told you that a long time ago
W.I.D. will probably have a big number with all the ditto heads whipped up into a frenzy wonder how Randy did
Yada yada yada I don't know I can't answer any of your questions because we know oh here's an attachment
An attachment from George Chico stick picture. I just deleted it. No, no, no
It's too late. It shows up all you got to do is scroll down. Oh, it shows up on there. Meaning okay. Oh there it is.
Now I never saw that. Wow. Those are from ancient times. I don't think I ever seen those everywhere. If I if I did I didn't like them. I hated them.
They're a butter finger variant. Oh Leo from point and you have a hectic. Yeah, load out your ass Leo. You're an absolute moron.
Have nothing to listen to. I bet you rock solid he writes. Steve Sloan. Here's the stuff for the race tomorrow at
them. And what you call it. Here's one from me. Another chronic chronic malcontent. If you maybe change the show up just a little had a guest on every once in a while
like maybe a Republican who can debate with you imagine the ratings then you could buy Georgia car. Yes, screw you. R R R. Yeah, how do Republican on?
She lost so long. Yeah, Leo, Leo sent it twice because it was so good. 1026 and we still have nothing. Are you expect me to believe that?
Something really stinks in the in the big city. I'll tell you. You call this big market radio. Do you have to take your daughter to see the new Jonas Brothers movie?
Oh, I got to do Jonas Brothers. You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask so you don't have to watch
earplugs so you don't have to hear and a cyanide capsule just in case the mask and plugs don't work. Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit. You can make it. The film is only 76 minutes long. I got to do Jonas Brothers. You made those earplugs. Oh my God, the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit. It's too late for me. Save yourselves. Okay.
Okay, so what's the story? Now, Leo and Joe Bell are trying to get the numbers. One way or another to me, emailing, printing something or other.
They're going to get them to me as fast as they can. Joe Bell actually came in here and said what?
You don't have the numbers yet. Let me go see what I can do and then he ran out. That was during the break.
1032. All of America is tuned in. At least all the people working as business and so forth are close to this business like us.
It's a conspiracy. What a joke. You know something as soon as you told me that business about all will somebody's going to email the numbers to Lee and then as soon as you told me that what you told me that was the
thing that I was going to do. I said, uh oh, uh oh. Yeah. And I was right. Uh oh. 216 votes on our pool.
So this is embarrassing. It's humiliating. It's typical Q. A. M. and this is typically the way this operation goes.
Half fast, not slow, not fast, just half fast. How many years? How many hundred years have we been doing the ratings reports on this show?
100 hundred years. And yeah, there have been glitches in the past and that I would be once in a while to be something with a technical glitch or whatever printer or whatever it was.
But like this a half hour later and we have nothing and jolly jobell is pulling up his brown fat pants and running around like.
I can't believe it. Believe it. Here's the spot. I mean the pool.
Who's I'm confused. I just I can't believe this. I just can't get over it. Well, who's your all time favorite commercial character?
The where's the beef lady 56? What was her name? She's dead. Uh at bar or sell bar or something like that.
Edna Selma. I don't know. That's a lot of time I knew her name, but somebody will know 56 for her. But why is your lizard's 35 Joe Rose 28?
The caveman 26 the gecko 17 Mr. Whipple don't squeeze the charm in 15. He's also dead Tony the tiger 13 light beer guy. Yes, I am 12 light beer guy.
Clara Peller. Yes, I am. That's it. Clara Peller. Very good. She was the where's the beef lady marble man 10 Ronald McDonald three Kebler,
one and the glad garbage man. None. That's because that's 100 years old. So basically what you tell me is we've got people running around all over the place.
Yeah. And no numbers at no numbers. The Joe also say be sure wishing you a happy 33rd anniversary. No, he's oblivious oblivious Newton John.
That's our GM man. He's running around pulling up his brown fat pants. And you just don't you seem so disinterested. I'm not disinterested. You said it sounded me like you've just given up. I said we should go on strike. But you're right. Good idea. I don't know what you suggest that either one of us do or are able to do. I'm just going a little bit. Oh, excellent. Here. Make a lot of noise.
Clara Peller. Thank you. Scott. We already got it. Thank you. Pop bud. Go away. Pop. You're boring me. All those a holes after this and after that. I'm going to block him. He's boring. Kevin says why you so whipped up about the ratings. Neil, we all know that they're going to what they're going to be. You'll kick everyone's asking your time period. No, I will not. We haven't done that in a long time. The bastard will kick madness disaster afternoon. The rest of your station in the digital mantra pile of ones and all.
O's and of course no speaking English will rule supreme otherwise. There are the ratings. Now you can move on with the rest of the show. By the way, I was rolling on the floor yesterday hearing the course in the bonnets bit. It been years since I heard that love you. Neil and George keep up the great show. Kevin. Keep up the great show with a little bit of a stuch in there too. You know, something I'm whipped up about it. It's that this is something that we do that's that's the deal. This is a part of the show. This is something people listen for. This is something has been going on since before Jesus was an infant. And we just can't get it.
You're done. You know, I don't know why you're surprised at 1036. Considering that outpouring of affection on your anniversary from the management of this radio.
So screw them, run around and get you the stuff you want. Screw them. Totally, positively, thoroughly incompetent. I'm sure they're back there going. I we're going to show that that bag it. We're going to make them wine all four hours. Hey, listen, we can make a whole show out of it all four hours. Where's the numbers? Sure. We can keep playing this.
I don't think I'm out of 11. How about if we just replay the 10 o'clock hour over the four times. That sounds like a great idea. I'm all for that. Well, that was down one 25. What? We'll just go to lunch.
Here's one from Anita. Oh, the fake Anita Bryant.
Anita, I'm actually looking forward to hearing your numbers. Unfortunately, that week that George was on the air, mustn't put a big dead into your ratings. You know because he sucks. Nobody wants to hear about how he hates his wife. All this just goes on.
This is what he wrote like last week. Oh, and wait to hear this. As for your poll, you should add Steve Cain is on air commercials. Is some of the best ever heard. Oh, yes. So we know where this is coming from. All of them.
Here's Jimmy Cifalus says who you guys kidding guys got killed again. They're hiding the numbers from you. We're kicking butt. Yeah, go. That's your area of expertise.
Back to Jimmy is but that's what I hear. That's what they boys in the locker room tell.
But in fact, if you to ask over at IOD, what Jimmy Cifalus's main interest is, they would tell you that's right. But nevertheless, we're still waiting.
I'm still palpitating and we're still waiting and they're running around. Oh, what are we going to do? What is it that they're doing? See, this is what I don't understand.
This isn't rocket science. They can you crazy? That's last year. Yeah. Yeah. Where's flea? I don't know over there.
No, you need to get somebody to give us like a verbal. I believe in the morning show meeting. There's a morning show meeting in front of me. Morning show meeting. My ass.
Morning show meeting. Are they trying to figure out how come Jack Martin got disconnected this morning? No, I'm trying. I'm sure they're trying to figure out how to make it sports here and how to get more writers on there. And I say, hey, the Alex Marvez. They trying to figure out if Ethan Skolling still has those.
This is not how you have how to get the numbers lower. Oh, if anybody can do it. I know. These are the guys. I don't tell me that construction started at the end of the show yesterday. And don't tell me they're starting the hammer and they are really.
So we got two good reasons for me to bail out of here today. There's thumping. Can you hear it? The hammering? Yeah. Can you really? No. Oh, I can. Very disconcerting. Mui, Malu, etc.
Well, here are the numbers we got so far. Oh, oh, oh, and even. Oh, that's it. All we got. Oh, no. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Well, here we go again. I'm so sorry to tell you later. Floridians dumb as dirt. Absolutely.
The stimulus package. Oh, Thomas says we need. There's nothing more than fork and more political green.
Saving banks that sank from their bad policy. There's more than 50 ways to waste our money. Oh, more than 50 ways to waste our money. Here's billions for sex. 50 million is the fun.
The art, the gastro-queen technology. Sounds focused to me. One billion for census. Don't make sense to us. You let's philosophy. Yes. Man, you're kidding me. Yeah, you've got to be effing kidding me. 1044 and we still have no numbers. Right. I got a text from leader in the break though. And he said what? He doesn't have access to the site. He wishes that he could do more. He can't give us anything unless somebody gives him.
Something and so. And why aren't they giving him anything? I don't know. Why ain't they giving him nothing? I don't know. Maybe because they know he's going to give him to us. I don't know.
Maybe they were really, really bad. Maybe. I mean so bad. It's possible. Sure. I mean, why doesn't he go over there and see what the hell they're doing over there? I thought you were told we were told that they're in a meeting. Who's in a meeting?
Whenever they have a meeting, it's everybody. You know the meetings that they like to have here. I thought you said jolly joe bell came running in there and said he was going to find everybody not him.
What do you mean like real people? The programming staff, the morning show people, the promotions, people, some sales people. I assume I don't know who's involved in those morning show meetings, but Lee is.
Oh, wait a minute. He's in a meeting while he's supposed to be getting us the numbers. He'll be on his phone. It shows up on his phone. Oh my God. Are you shmitting me? You're right. We should go on strike.
I have this sick feeling in a pit of my stomach. Sick. You know what I mean? Yeah. We could just spin some wax. That sounds like a great idea. It's like a capital idea.
Or I got a bit that I could play over and over again. Do you have to take your daughter to see the new Jonas Brothers movie? Yeah, we could play that a hundred times. There we go.
Oh, it's the team from Mondo Connay. It's more. It used to be my theme song. I'm going to just snooze a few years ago. K-Winding.
I'm going to play more. I'm going to play more. Yeah, let's play more of more. More in Mindy. That was not one thirty one and a half.
I wish I had some heart about it. No, this is great. This is perfect. This used to be my theme. I bet there's like three people remember this.
Maybe Alice Rantos remember. So I don't know. 7.46 in the morning. I don't think Alice is up. Who knows?
The download.
The channel. W.Y. and Z. Am has been widely playing a clip. Access course. But in the meantime, the station began airing Rachel Maddo's air America media show in the morning.
5.9 a.m. starting Monday. W.Y. and Z picked up. I'm as last September with Nicole Sandler when the close end. I said who cares? Well, that's from Barry Jackass. We'll have a imaginary.
Oh, here's Barry Jackass. Also says I'm hearing from my sources at the ticket that Howard Davis and Steve Wife are locked in Howard's office listening to your show. They say the mood is quite tense.
Yeah, like they wouldn't have the numbers. They need to be listening to my show. Take Barry. That's really weak. That's really lame. I guarantee you they got the numbers. We sure is held on. Josh Darryl texted me and said I am on my way. Sorry about this morning. 10 minutes away.
He's 10 minutes away. I've a. Now we can get this straightened out. Clarins is coming in. We you know, when you leave in the hands of a minor league, like flea, that's the problem. I mean, flea, you know, he's done a lot of nice things for us and you know, he's just not up to. He's just not up to it. This is this small potatoes. What? The small potatoes maybe is what it is. Small potatoes is right. So does it take her? Once he comes in there, then there's a lot of things.
I'm going to all scatter like Oh, geez, the big boss is here. The big cheese. The head cheese. Uh huh. Right. Like Bob Vermouth. I remember in Amsterdam, I came into my apartment one day and there was a note from my cheap ass landlord. Oh, the big boss arrives tonight at eight o'clock about the big boss, meaning Bob Vermouth.
Keep. Yeah, he was serious. Bob Vermouth boy, what he didn't that studio. If you could have seen that city, if you could like try to breathe the air downstairs in my basement, remember I was choking and gagging and coughing and puking from all the construction they had done now, including putting up that my second satellite dish. That was the most important thing at that satellite dish going to get all those European music videos.
That's what I was doing there. Well, I was doing a lot more than that, too, as a matter of fact, but those were back in the days, you know, when I cared about doing such things, I no longer care. All I care about is the numbers and where the hell are they?
Clarence is frantically. He's flooring it right now, frantically zooming into the studio into the building, into the parking lot.
See here, here's a classic example, jolly joe, how long ago was that about a half hour ago? jolly joe came in there. Oh,
G. You know, I told you that. Well, now what has he got for us so far, but so is but so are but so are. So that's what Jimmy Cifil is specializes in but so is.
Jason says, you know why you don't have the ratings? One word flee slash tech. He is the mole to face back stabbing creep.
I'm a lighter note for the pole the noise, dominoes pizza character in the 80s, avoid the noise, okay, closing F flee says Jason.
Oh, Jason's actually like a business guy. He's got like a company and whatever. He's a marketing associate. How do you like that? All right.
Not all of our people are unemployed, bumms who you know hang out on the beach and send us crap from their cell phone. Fred and Bokas says, why don't you try sports talk?
I don't think so. We have a steady stream, including this stupid one from Fred and Boka. Why don't you try sports talk? We got enough of that crap on the station already more than enough.
And I guarantee you, I don't know what the numbers are going to be, but I think our numbers will continue being higher than any of the other segments.
And this is the only non sports stage talk. It's sure on the station. Got it Fred, you idiot. You moron. You fairy. See, there goes again calling names.
So we have to wait for clearances at it. I guess so. This could be the low point. I mean, you know, I never thought we could get lower than we have been in recent past with the jelly.
If you want something to bitch about, yes, wherever the numbers are available, whatever website, whatever system that they have, I'm certainly technically able to go and get this information for us ourselves.
But I'm going to give you the reason for some reason. I'm not entitled to that. And neither is flea.
In other words, you're not going to be access to getting the numbers. That is correct. That is correct. Or me. Clarice has got it though. Right. He has access.
That was not one 44. Oh, geez. The dough is down. We're in a fraction. We're not to wait for anybody. They say here's the website. Here's what you need to put in. And here you go.
I'll be damned. Well, let's see. It's slow today here in the office. Oh, that's that was Brandon. It's old. I know you don't care about the streaming video. But when I logged on the QM this morning, there was a video.
A video ad from Joe Rose. He is so ugly here. Well, we got a lot of ugly people. That's why we're on the radio. Although he's on TV.
Buckethead. I wouldn't say Joe is all ugly. He just he's just a guy. You know, he's just a dumb joke. Good guy though. We like Joe a lot.
We wish he would do it a better show lately. But that's beside the point. Just a joke. 254 votes on the pool. Where the beat Clara Peller seems to be. She's the winner, I think.
So we're waiting for clearances at what we're doing now. I mean, I'm waiting for instruction from you. You're the producer. Yeah. Yeah. I say go on. You say go on strike. Yeah. Lucky strike. LSMFT. Lucky strike means fine tobacco.
LSMFT. I don't think you can say MF anymore. They probably have to take that out of there. LST. Yeah. Lucky strike tobacco means fine.
Mo for your money. Well, here's Mike in the middle Tennessee. He says keep bitching at these as clowns. I want the F and numbers to have been in Tennessee for 10 years.
I was the best thing I ever did leaving that filthy third world country South Florida. Only thing I miss is Pomp and O Park went there during a recent trip.
Found the casino couldn't find anything resembling a horse. So I came back to Tennessee. Happy 33rd stay well, keep eating on the years as Mike. Now I got nothing to eat. I got no food in the house.
But nevertheless. I don't want to dig too deep into my pile here because I want to get these numbers out. I want to get them across to the public.
All the people who are sitting on pins and needles. And I'm sure the people who work for a cheap channel they don't come running. Oh, here you guys. Here's all the numbers. I doubt that.
Me too. And of course if we had any real person any of the other stations listening and emailing, then we don't we already have some information, but we don't.
Am I right? Right. You bet. Needles and pins to searches.
Steps on it. Yeah, well, yeah, I'm a bastard. That's George for you. I talk it up. He steps on it. I'm a bastard in a basket. Yeah, fast in the basket.
What a bad bad movie. Bad. Yep. I'm not sure which was worse because I didn't see the other one from the very beginning. No country for old men.
But I saw enough of it to the. I mean, what was it about? What did what didn't mean? What it? What was the point? I don't know. The fact that it was a made up story is like then what's the point of it? If it was had been a fact that we had to watch for two hours to figure out that that guy was a bastard and a hard, hard money grabbing piece of turd in there will be blood.
There will be blood. I mean, I you know, we didn't need to they could have just put that up on the screen. Oh, here's a guy. He's a bastard and he's a piece of crap.
And it's not really his kid. He doesn't care about him anyway and yada yada.
And there were a bunch of crooked people in the oil goodness. Isn't that a revelation? When we go to get the movie about the ragheads, that's the one I want to see.
The ragheads, the evil doing ragheads, those are the ones, those are the triggers in the sand pile. That was down 151 points. So we do 151.33, 151.01.
So we've lost a dollar from yesterday. Mr. Can you spare a dime brother? Can you spare a dime? No. Not you. I'm not talking about you. Oh, so what's happening now? I mean, nothing.
You're just sitting there in an empty room. What are you doing? I'm sitting here in an empty room watching TV watching Bill Schneider on TV. You got any suggestions? I'll be happy to, you know, I think pipe bomb sounds good.
Piping of pipe bomb and Joe Bells. That sounds really good. I didn't bring it to work with me today. What? I didn't bring it to work with me today. I'll be damned. Probably put it in somebody's mailbox. Remember those days? Oh, yeah.
Back in the 60s, I think it was. A lot of pipe bombs and dig counties stuff like that.
263 votes on the poll and nobody voted for the glad garbage bin. I don't know why you put that on their or the noise. Why not? They suggested it.
Okay, George is amenable to whatever you want to put on it. He's amenable for just me. I mean question. Don't I mean?
Question from Adrian. What does a radio stations call it as mean? Not what do, but what does WQM? Does this have specific meaning? No. Also, who gets the ratings forms?
I only listen to AM because FM and South Florida sucks, but I don't receive any ratings forms to fill out. Do I have to sign up somewhere to receive it? Yeah, sign up at the altar at the magic altar of radio, Adrian. You idiot.
Please more insider radio talk less, George, and keep eating whenever you want. Whatever you want. After all, you only have one life to live. It might as well be with a full stomach. Excellent. Like I said, what a genius, man. My kind of dog. What?
Does the rod in the whole rod show? This is your brain. Really? Really? Any questions? Send me whatever you got. We don't have huge ass stuff. Anything. Just make some of us hurt.
I'm not a bad guy. Or, and she's testing holes and crap teeth. And she raised for quite a thick satin. She's a drowsy. And takes some breaks to anybody. What does that say? What's no voice? What's like she's carrying an abominable between us, size and size?
Honey, tell me now. She hasn't eaten to fall off. And if she's always surprised.
What?
She's women when she talks. Flavor and motion. Honey, fell tonight.
Receiving page one.
She gave us George Boyce.
Stuff anymore stuff for me. What? That's probably the many people I've ever seen in the way that they love.
They stuff. They stuff you're only a host.
Hey, Jeff. Hey, Jeff.
You're a star. I'm a big man.
Five-star voice. Remember, son. It's for nine. I'm a bad day with money.
Now, she had a heart procedure. Well, big deal. Big Simmons. We got some numbers coming over right now. Here's the first page.
See, this is extra inversing because I had all my fax paper piled up in there in my machine. I got my stapler out.
Got my usual operation. Go and let's see. This is persons 2554 midday.
Right. Well, we're not going to be this is persons November, December, January, IOD from a 4.0 to a 4.9 from tied for six to fifth.
That's midday. Well, we knew that. That would they had that big rush. They had the big rush in December.
That's what that's all about.
Oh, God. Who's number one in life? Well, how do you like that? They continue every trend. They're number one in persons 2554 life.
Elevator music slush. But down to a 5.5. They dropped almost a full point. They're still number one.
Hots number two. Coast number three. Oh, not tied for number two with a 5.4 share. CMQ FAM. It's a three way tie for a second with CMQ FAM midday.
Where the hell are we? We're not even on. We're nowhere. Are we even on page three?
We have dropped off the fake. No, actually, we went up.
We went from a tie from 19 to 18. But then again, this is persons 2.6. So that means we did a 5.0. Something's sharing men 2554.
Not great, but it could be worse. And that's 10 to 3. You see? I see. You got it. I'm looking at these other ones. How about Waxi? Uh oh. 1.7.
They went from a 1.1 to a 1.7 midday from 23 to 22. They're making a big move. Now, you only sending me midday numbers.
You're going to send me some other crap. I set you all the men 18 plus numbers right after those, like I said. I see. Well, persons 2554. That's where it's at.
I'm talking about day parts. I'm not talking about. Yeah, no, I got the whole thing back. I said 18 plus.
Yeah, the whole day. This is exciting. And don't you like the way this thing is printed out? It's a different format. Yeah, it goes all the way back to May, June, July of 2008.
That's great for tracking. So we went up a hair in midday. That's 10 to 3. Of course, we don't know what happened in that 2 to 3 hour with a big. Oh, I think that's cool. I think that rings a bell.
Let's see what else you got. Whose last WFE radio. Faye is got a 0.3 in midday. W I N Z had a 2.9 in it and based on what? What were they doing? What do they got on now? I don't know. Still scare America.
They went from 18 to a tie for 12. That is truly scary. But then again, we're dropping the format anyway. So it's a mood point. Nice go on, cheap channel.
This one, they finally start putting in a little bit of a number. We're dropping the format. We're going sports.
Now what's this? Many 18 plus the overall week. Radio Mambe. Oh, that's the kind of trend we had in January. No speaking English. No say obli English.
That's the trend. Radio Mambe old men 6.1 share W I O D second with a 5.4. Based on sure on rush. Rush. Not on Jimmy Syphilite. You can be sure that CMQ F AMA dropped from first to third from 6. Share to a 4.8. They had a week trend. CMQ F AMA. Radio Almour is number 4. You notice the trend here speaking of trends? No.
Right wing and no speaking English. Top 105. Number 5. What? They go ahead and hand. Don't they? Now let's see. This is for the entire week. Many 18 plus men. Men. I'm looking for the sports stations Q AM tied for 15th. We dropped a little bit 2.5.
I and Z they went up to a 2.3. Waxi a 2.2. They went from a 1.8 to a 2.2. We still beat him just barely to 5 to a 2.2. They both sucked. Those are horrible numbers. We're tied for 15th. They're 20th.
What about FTL the light bulb junior 0.0.6. Let me say it again. 0.6. Wow. Just like Ray Perry said if we just had a bunch more sports stations they'd really kick his ass.
They would kick his big smelly ass. That a boy Ray you're on top of it man. You know your crap. If I last time I was there's little bird told me crap is raised middle name.
Oh here's the day parts many teams plus let's see how Jimmy Cifalus did in the morning. Oh look at that. Went up a full point nice going Jimmy. Hey Jimmy you fairy. Radio.
Radio on B number one with a 6.7 share QBA number two QBA. Radio on more number three boy there does anybody speaking.
Is there any more? No. Wow big. Oh now here's the interesting part big went up in the morning run an old Paul 5.1.
Now what what's the station? Bubba's on 93.1. No I don't mean nothing frequency the callers. You did write that down.
Did I write it down? Yeah we told us because I sure saw. HDR is at it. That sounds right. I mean they've changed the call. They butchered.
So many stations expect people to do it from a 2.0 to a 1.7. They went down with Bubba. Down down down got to go down and not up.
So run and Paul went up from a 4.5 in a book to a 5.1. Their number four they went from fifth to fourth.
And the station that Bubba's on went down. Boy that a boy doesn't need you guys at the best you are geniuses.
I OD from a 3.9 in the book to a 4.9 in the trend on the strength of Jimmy syphilis.
That a boy Jimmy you're real a real card carrying Nazi all the Nazis chimed right in. How did we do in the morning many team plus two six down to a 2.5 from time for 11 to time for 12.
Drop the notch. What about Sid the it in the morning let's see where he said oh look at that what progress from a 1.5 to a 1.7 from 24th to time for 20th.
Hey he's tied with radio smegma and HDR and what's his name? Love it love.
I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying.
I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying.
I'm still trying to figure out what they've got on here do we know are they still doing scare America or what's I guess so somebody will call it to tell us.
Yes somebody will clue us in mid days look at rush 8.1 number one what did I tell you the whole thing is built on rush CMQ FAM a number two of the 7.3.
This is many team plus we went from a 2.9 up to a 3.2 in men pretty weak tied from 9th to tied for 8th.
But then again it's 10 to 3. Right and it's many team plus right.
I and Z went from a 2.7 to a 3.2 tied with us.
Scare America they're dropping it they're dropping it like a hot tamale.
Now I'm looking for a low the light bulb I didn't give you depots number anymore. Did I know.
Mepho who's going over to 940 oh yeah he's going to really give them a lift man he's going to give them a goose WFTL from 0.4.
0.4 to a 0.5 wow he's making some progress Mepho oh.
And what do they do in mid day not much now whom I looking for.
Oh waxy oh waxy if we found them yet we got into the whatever page they might be on.
In many team plus they're not on the first page they're not on the second page they are at the top of the third page they went from a 1.7 to a 2.2 tied for 17th.
Oh they're going to be crowing about that. Now what did sit have again what was that number in the morning on the wax.
1.7 or something you said. Let me take a look at it again it was pretty lame pretty lame for a guy with a big mouth.
Yeah 1.7 tied for 20th I mean Joe Rose had a 2.5 they had a 1.7 no contest I mean both numbers suck but nevertheless I'm not very nothing to write home about either but then again least we're on the first page.
Right. Yeah we'll take the bottom of it but we're least we're on it.
That's the biggest number we've had since June July and August since George was doing those great summer shows.
That's what we need a lot more George here's George right now as a matter of fact to start goose nubbers up.
Oh me oh me oh god.
Oh a ride shot up some steroids so he could hit home runs.
He only took them just to help him back it's not like the guy was all hot down on cracks.
So don't hurt only rods chances to be in the hall of fame because there's a there.
Drugs who play in the old ball game.
Okay 1118 a QA let's take a look at the afternoon number boy we got a walloped in the afternoons in the afternoon.
Yes I noticed that. Did you look did you take a few K. Our store three to seven P.M.
18 plus hot 105 number one with a 6.2 share W. I. O. D. number two with a 5.9 big I.
O. D. Book all the Nazis got the diaries all the right wingers no speaking English and all the way.
You know how that I don't always overlaps. Yeah this community that's their the same group.
That's correct. Radio I'm more number three with a 5.1.
Waxi number four from 11 to fourth lab bastard with a 4.4 share.
I bet you that's his biggest number ever.
A 4 4 in many 18 plus for a levatorid number four.
I. N. Z. number seven with all they got in the afternoon some obscure America crap.
Where the hell is where are we are we on the first page. No we're in the second page. No.
We're on the third page. Yes. From a 2 3 in the book down to a 2 1 from tied for 16 to 18.
Three to 7 p.m. I'll tell you those 2 to 4 hours are really rock solid.
I bet that could be wrong about that but I don't think so.
And then you want to see nights. I mean does anybody care about 7.9?
Yeah. Most of the number start with Waxi radio mambe.
No speaking English number one with an 8.8 share.
Your highest number in a long time maybe ever.
W. E. D. R number two 6.3 hot 105 number 3 6.0 CMQ F. A. M. A.
Number four with a 5.7 talk about ethnic my god.
I. O. D. 3. 9 at night.
What do they got the heat?
They got the heat really switched to eat to 9.40.
I don't know and I really don't care.
I. N. Z. They did good. Skier America. That's why they're dropping it.
They went from 20th to tied for 11th with a 2.9 at night. Where the hell are we?
Where's Waxi and Q. A. M. at night? Well, Waxi don't have the marlins no more because this is November December January.
So they drop off the faith. Although they beat us.
They had a 1.3. We had a 1.1. Let's hear it for our DA.
Finally cracking those ones. No more of those zero numbers.
Right? And that good? Right? Yes. Good.
They're a 21st. We're tied for 22nd. So we're right on their ass at night.
We're right. Breathe them right down their back.
And that's before I think they cut loose Kenny Rogers.
Oh man. And here's a real shot.
This must be from John Z. T. R. or some other.
Or maybe this is a response from across the street.
Golden boy writes subject whiner. I always laugh when I hear you constantly making excuses for your plummeting ratings and popularity.
But then if you always hear that you must be always listening to you see they always start out right off the bat by saying I hear you do this.
I hear you say that which means they listen religiously every minute of every day that my voice is on the air.
Is not correct? Yes.
You blame the declining popularity of radio in general in particular the AM band. That is correct.
It rush limbaugh is reaching new heights and earnings ratings and fame making international news headlines daily.
Well that's because there's a lot of Nazis out there who get the diaries.
You blame your age saying you don't you're too old to do a good show anymore now when did I say that?
I'm too old to do a good show. Oh you expect accuracy to made up evil yet Michael Savage aged 67 this month is skyrocketed in real.
This is a real Nazi hugger. Uh huh.
Skyrocketed in recent years to become the third most listen to a host in the country with a stream of consciousness radio.
You blame your agent for not getting you syndicated yet the sales people on your own home station are always in trouble with you constantly pissing off the advertisers.
And somebody corolla who was recently taken off there still recently got a million podcast downloads that I actually even being on the air somebody corolla who's that.
Dota. Oh you blame the restrictions placed upon you by the FCC and beesleys council.
This is the most laughable of all.
It's as if you're admitting your success is dependent on your ability to play fart sounds and at once you've been stripped of these crude instruments you're left bare without the teller skilled to do it.
East and show on your own is if all your previous success was only your ability to press the fart button and you have no ability to adapt that's right the fart sounds what made this show what it was.
The truth it now here comes the best.
And this is from somebody who listens every minute of every day is listening now as I speak golden boy taken notes.
The truth is that you've been a cancer this off the word or four years feeding off of its weaknesses and problems for years you made your living by stirring up hatred and hostility in and of the area and profit greatly by doing so now.
South Florida's not only overcome the infection that is near Rogers but it's thriving and your act is no longer relevant those who did fall for your stick picked up and left like yourself they may be listening online but certainly not filling out any diaries for you.
The majority of those who remain realize how out of touch and irrelevant your rational manic hatred for this area is and are no longer titillated by your ranting.
Great good one took a lot of time and a lot effort to write all that swill I'm too old to do a good show I know I say that all the time right all the time to old.
And rush rush is just more popular than ever which is a really great sign of the times about the rating Steve writes I've
been this is just luck but missing pouring now that the ones like golden boys email are much more exciting much more interesting much more captivating.
You are a cancer you fed off a South Florida for years you can't say I had a had a had a had a.
He forgot to mention the fact that nobody can hear a signal to that that's a little bit of a problem since this isn't the only show on this radio station that's ratings deficient of late you make it excuse is a good yes I'm too old to do
anything else and I can't play those damn far sounds.
Paul Castronovas is we're number four damn what we got a five one Bubba's got a one seven tell Disney there are enough Tampa red next in South Florida.
Now you keep telling me this is not from the real Paul Castronovo correct well.
They they spanked Bubba's ass Bubba who talk he's another one it talks with a big mouth talks a big game and he's going to do this he's going to bet and you know he's a he's like Ron and Ron he's a
Tampa act.
Red next out of love from when I'm told I've never heard him always says nice things about you well that's great.
So what do you think they're thinking across the street besides writing me that email I just read that's it.
Is that it? It's like I told you this morning before the show the only people who care about either other station or the people inside each station I see they're obsessed with us were obsessed with them and by we I mean that other people
work here not you and me I could give a crap less about them right by the way daylight savings time starts Saturday when I when you go to bed.
Spring ahead fall how's that go spring ahead fall back.
So put those clocks ahead one hour when you go to bed.
That was down to 103 points. Nice good.
A lot of bad numbers floating around in a lot of them on this station to you.
Were you drudge back in?
Are you angry that they got up take my favorite peanut butter they said it could hurt my belly now my
TGJ has nothing but the jelly who are they really try to scare you and remove it from the area it is really
idiotic that they didn't ban the sort of peanut product.
They took away my peanut butter my favorite brand unlike the one of all because they said we should be
aware this whole thing really isn't fair.
Wait a minute I found another terrified brand of peanut butter just forget that FDA fella I don't really mind the taste of salmon.
All right he's a dead any Alan Sherman I don't know if you ever see Alan Sherman art buck walled at the same time I think they were the same person
I think they're both dead I know our buck walls dead I'm sure Alan Sherman must be dead.
Hello mother. Hello fine remember that he died in 73 who did Alan Sherman.
Wow 73 yeah 36 years ago he's been boy he's not even like Luke warm anymore.
He was pretty good he was amusing not hysterical but amusing.
Mario says how bad were the numbers for the big oh oh we don't know we can't figure it out because until the whole book comes out we can't do the hourlies we just get
6 to 10 10 to 3 3 to 7 like that how about that other queen George Sedano it says great show you happy anniversary says Mario that other queen
Jorge Sedano he didn't do so great but he never does so great he talks a lot with a big mouth from what I understand.
And by the way thanks to Sid for that long emotional email when I read a minute ago I guarantee from them you're a cancer you're there you're too old I show up every day and I do the best I can that's so what I do and I have no no apologies to make on under these circumstances
I still have a higher number on a radio station what you don't apologize for being too old yeah or for not having gigantic numbers.
It must be the fart sounds that must be it. Chuck and Chicago is back he says I think he meant Adam Corolla he was on the man show with Jimmy Kimmel marginally entertaining good for TNA.
I never did you ever hear of Adam Corolla yeah you did like a talk show host for something or a comedian all well if he was on the Jimmy Kimmel show he was on like nation wide so the fact that he got 80 trillion hits all this business about how many hits we got on a website well what the hell does that prove what the hell does that prove.
We get a zillion hits on our website every day and I don't sit here to oh geez we got all these hits on the site and all this what what the hell cares about that.
We don't get anywhere near as many as we used to get that's because we don't have anywhere near the audience we used to have.
And there's a multiple number of reasons for that part of which is a half the people who want to hear it can't hear it anyway.
Which is going to change that's going to change. Oh how's that going to happen you'll see what's that going to happen by the way do we know can we talk about.
I don't know like I said.
So what other interesting things in this pile of crap you send me the weekends all the time too why do you do that.
I didn't mean to you know anybody who listens to the radio on a weekend it was just in the stack Jack.
No you don't like it send it back don't have a hard track.
Quack. What the hell do we do with the weekend I think maybe I threw it out I don't know.
Oh here it is Saturday and Sunday many team plus WEDR's numero one oh six point two magic is number two with a five point three.
Radio Mambe is number three old men old domino park domino playing group balls green tooth CMQ FAM a radio on more nobody speaks English in South Florida.
All right.
Weekend where is where is the big sports station QAM from a 3.8 in the fall that was dolphin down to a 2.9.
But that still includes two months of dolphin dolphins once those November December drop out we'll be back to ones.
How about waxy we're the house waxy on a weekend what are they got going on a weekend they must have some big time shows on air.
I don't see them at all where the how are they oh there they are on the 85th page all know of 0.9 on the weekend.
Oh they've been hovering a 1 1 1 1 3 hovering around a one share on a weekend but now they down to a 0.9 on the weekend on waxy 790 where they talk a big game but don't produce
a separate love the tree.
Lover tree had a big book and see you got a you you tip your hat to somebody who does that in the midst of an otherwise that death now.
Just like we always have the highest number on this station and he's always got the highest number on that station.
What does that tell you that sports talk is oh no they're just not sportsy enough you see.
Is that the problem that is leave it to George leave it to little George to figure it out.
We got to get some of those writers on this show.
Let's start with a big number like me for that starts with a oh boy.
This market is like just Tom jicke writes this is the fake Tom jicke the ticket is carrying kicking serious ass in the afternoon WQM
should try to steal him away manages great on the games but his show is a bit ponderous he should be teamed with someone to be effective.
Says the fake Tom jicke.
Maybe we could bring Mo back those two got along really well.
There you go.
Mad dog in Mo.
Mo in the mad dog I like that's got the ring like Mike in the mad dog we got Mo in the mad dog.
308 votes on the pool all time favorite commercial character the where is the beef lady Clara Pellars 76.
But why is the lizards 52 Joe roses number three with a 38 until today I never realized for sure he was a commercial character and I thought about it.
I just look at him.
Yeah he's a character all commercials all the time.
What that was that what was that here was that there what did you hear what it sounded like on the outside of somebody screaming.
Outside not outside the hallway but outside outside.
Just strange.
So what do we see in this other than it's incredibly heavily ethnic.
Radio mom B and La Cubanissima are I mean just it's just madness madness the rush phenomenon.
I thought all of us people would be dead by now while the rush thing is you know all right.
I bet if we saw the monthlies of it's in December he must have double digits rush he had a gigantic month huge humongous.
And of course the rest of the media who are always decrying him for being the bombastic pile of crap that he is and they just can't they just can't get enough.
I'm they just can't give enough publicity right.
There are people in this world who are maggot magnets there just every time they fart the media wants to know what flavor it was what they had for breakfast that morning.
How long did it linger do they get any on their fingers stuff like that.
Stern is one of those he's the king of all publicity of all hype and rush is right on his behind the fact rush maybe surpassing him now that Howard's stuck there on a satellite thing that nobody wants to pay for 13 cents by the way
last time I checked today want to check it again okay serious no I'm cereal not serious stock here we go click on that baby and let's take a peek at what it is.
You'll know 13 cents let's see come on you can do it very slow 13 cents it's it's hanging right in there started in the day of 14 and that's not the 13 cereal cereal stock.
Business is finished baby I told you that long time ago business is all over there you didn't make an excuse is because you're all making sure making all those zillions of dollars which you know good luck to him.
The fact is he's talking to like a fraction a tiny fraction of the audience he used to have on the so called evil terrestrial radio.
And that's because on and in his case see he doesn't he doesn't need to make the excuse because we all know that he couldn't do his show on terrestrial radio because all these zillions of fines that infinity was getting because of a certain bunch of nip nicks out there with their complaints to the FCC and anybody who's even familiar with the business marginally slightly knows that that's put a chill and killing on a lot of shows.
I wonder if they're like protesting or something outside protesting what you.
Yeah protesting me you know I was a cancer on South Florida I'm a cancer here.
I'm going to be a doctor when you're married Catherine.
Jesus.
I'm going to be a doctor when you're married.
I'm going to be a doctor when you're married.
I'm 45 at 560 WQ AM.
I mean you look at these numbers and what does it say that we don't get bonus that's what it says.
Oh I know that when you know something you could be wrong about that right person's 25 54 let me take a few cadet again we had a two six that means we got about a 5.2 share in men 10 to 3 which means we could be close to a six year in men 10 to 2.
Okay so how bad could that be?
It could be worse could be a lot worse especially when you see persons 25 54 the top top number is a life with a 5.5.
It's just other than rush other than I would deal with all their all the right wing all day all the time other than that there's nothing going on other than ethnic.
And when you see the top number being a 5.4 share of 5.5 of 5.4 another 5.4 you got a three way tie for a second in persons 25 54 midday hot 105 the coast and CMQ F.A.M.A.
No speaking English.
Well but you're up there in Toronto deal with all those Chinese on India yeah that's right now I'm glad to stay here pleased please just punch.
And you know something though now I feel extra foolish you want to know why why?
Because there was all this I mean we went through that first hour we didn't get a single number to 11 o'clock right right.
And all these emails oh geez we need the numbers everybody's all whipped up about the number and now that we got them and I gave them out on the year as many as I felt necessary to give out that we care about.
What's the response other than that rabid piece of swill from across the street where's the response?
But you're right man obsessed obsessed doesn't come close to describing the the hysteria between this place and across the street and they're both and they're both fighting tooth and nail over a tiny like Ramo would say a sliver of a slice.
A sliver of a slice a beater and the bastard does a four or four in there and the rest of the station does ones.
And I think what they have in midday a two to.
I don't know sports talk is I told you this two years ago two three years ago it's dead dead and I keep arguing with you.
Everybody's on your brother everybody their brother is doing sports talk now.
How much can you say the douse down 201 points by the way sorry sorry to bring you the bad news sorry.
Here's one from Bambi love the show you and George are great but I especially relate to George since he's a married man who is having problems with the wife just like me.
My wife is a bitch just like George's and I can't remember the last time I had sex with either these days the closest thing I get to an orgasm is listen to your show I love it and helps me get through stressful times with my bitch wife says Bambi well maybe if you step on yourself Bambi you might get laid you know I'm sure that's just for email purposes I say real name is probably something that is what I call a deer like butch.
Here are your baby baby is real name is book yeah sure it's how I'm butch I'll guarantee you that well that that's the response we got so far after going through all this business with an update there's nothing.
Not even the fake Jimmy syphilis bragging about how we had that for nine in the morning of course when you got an eight one there in midday with rush all the ditto heads all the time they all had the diaries.
Not amazing yep and also all the in those speaking English people are like we said before it's not a coincidence it's always the same thing yep.
When we have a heavy ethnic book we also get a heavy right wing book heavy heavy heavy duty come on Easter come on Easter that's never going to change you think that a lot of those people who died off already once listening to radio mambi and come off like Cuban is no they're never going to die.
Oh that's what I'm hanging on I may be old but I'm hanging on long enough to see if I can't wait till the demographic change a little bit.
And the amazing part of it is the election datebroward Palm Beach Monroe Obama overwhelming one Florida pretty handling the whole state.
And yet if you look at these radio numbers you think that the right wingers are just dominate in a right mean no what dominate.
330 votes on the pool all time favorite commercial character whereas the beef lady Clara Peller 82 but why is your lizards 54 Joe Rose 40 a monster in the commercial industry caveman 37 the gecko 29 who George hates.
How can you hate a gecko I hate that gecko.
Mr. Whipple Charmin 25 light beer guy yes I am 21 20 the tiger 18 Marlboro man 12 the noise five Ronald McDonald four keeper elf two your glad garbage man finally got one probably from the guy that sent that thing in.
There is no response nothing about those numbers nothing no commentary no observation no reaction no hey we did great no you guys suck no this blah blah blah nothing.
And here I was all in a in a frenzy in a panic yeah practically ping in my pantaloonies figuring that we were we couldn't get those damn numbers.
Listen doesn't matter if they don't care they matter to us they do yeah.
Oh you're starting with that bonus money crap again are you I thought I thought you know I'm not piped reading or anything like that but if we are going to get any money or a measure of success or something then you know this is it this is the indicator.
Yeah but didn't you hear that email we got yesterday saying that ratings mean nothing oh yeah unless the course it's across the street if you get some big book like he did then they mean.
Something if we get them all nobody cares about that blah blah blah blah glad you understand the difference that's right.
Oh a piece of copy honey like that wow yeah that's revised.
Who revised the did holy moly go crazy don't forget or nearly right about now we'd be doing our Neil deal we don't have a restaurant this week.
We will have one next week we got the field next week and we still have 11 certificates left for East City Grill and seven for Kigsaw the Kendall most of them went which is good we still have a few left so if you're Jones into a pick one up go to WQM dot com and click on it give it a click.
So what's your observation here nothing we're not going to get paid well we have a truck if you paid but I'm not going to hold my breath 25 54 you never know maybe we'll get a kiss and I have one
observation what's that all these people are we want the calls we went we did okay we didn't do great that's for damn sure that's right.
But we went up a little bit I think mostly that's a byproduct of dropping off that bad October that I told you about yes you can see it.
But nevertheless we probably must have held our own so to speak I like this kind of little do format.
On the new format we can I mean we can track all out yeah.
Well sure it didn't make any difference that it took that long to get it because it dragged you know created a little bit of drama there a little drama for your mama.
And nobody cares about it anyway obviously right.
Oh here's Jimmy Cifilis here we go what did I tell you we're having a huge rating party in the building I'm providing some fine wine as much I hate to say it sports radio is on the decline.
Oh that's from the fake Jimmy Cifilis as much as I hate to say it sports radio is on the decline.
On the decline as if it's over Jimmy it's over the voice of the dolphins all I think he's getting canned on that deal.
We have a big ratings party with our cheap channel.
Well look at this a new piece of copy what's going on here that Barney Miller man this guy's okay.
He's on fire.
He ain't no muff but he's okay.
So Gary Starner's gone again huh wow what a bummer.
The drive way is Hummer.
No I think he drives a Jaguar or does he also know that's probably coming.
How's your cardio coming oh you're funny when's your show start.
So in other words they just they're just leaving in the lurch they're doing anything for you and despite whatever was written down in that thing that we talked about and everything like that despite whatever Chris Jones wrote down in his notebook or
or any discussions I think it has yet to have been brought up in a sales meeting.
So really yeah so they're just fun in you that's right they're just lying which is what they do best they're just lying to you.
Well here we are yep I'm feeling pretty good these days I'm I'm doing fine.
Meet the one a few hundred bucks yesterday not huge but you know not enough to buy me dinner and Paco enough to buy some Britney Spears tickets.
I still don't understand that why is it that young gay guys are enamored with Britney Spears can you explain that to me I can't.
So we all got with her I've assessed all of that stuff the whole like we were talking this morning Judy Garland and Liza.
But that's that's faghags though see there's a difference I was Britney a faghag I don't know wait I don't know.
I don't think so I think her politics tend to be the right of a chill of a hundred don't you remember the clip we just had with everybody should listen to our president me.
That's right Nan or Nanner she's a Yahoo man look at that Kevin feeder line yep he's the poster child for red neckie.
So Bubba loves bunch did squat how do you like that did squats key that's why nobody's talking about him because nobody listens to him and nobody gives a fine craft how do you like that.
Bubba.
You're listening to me old Roger.
This is Coach Darns jeweler and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12th of one hour whatever.
Today on TMZ I California lawmaker says legalizing marijuana and taxing it but generate up to a billion dollars for the treasury governor Schwarzenegger what do you think about legalizing pot in California.
I decided to get a bikini wax what and this is why I've doing drugs are you already high there's an elephant in the room where right behind you here yes over here yes.
Yeah I see I see yeah we all see we have to stop it why don't you just ask him to leave I've asked him and he said no many times to me no no no what are you going to do now Rambo whoa whoa what's that was a nine millimeter.
Make my day that's not even your line.
All right 12105 60 WQM or number eight dammit we're pretty proud of it.
Yeah we got a three point I would say maybe we got about a three eight okay in men 18 plus and about a five five five eight.
Okay 2554.
10 to 2 I'm talking about right I think 2 to 4 is like oh boy.
Hurtin for certain jolly Joe just can't seem to get anything on in there that the draws a number you know I mean like a real number and at me.
Boy he's going to be really you know it's just amazing scare America finally didn't number.
Finally after all this time and it's going off it's going bye bye soon and they're putting Fox schlock sports on.
There's what we need now that's the leave it to team channel and they're the experts now that the sports format is dead dead is a door nail.
And they're going to and they're going to anchor it with me for the morning with his cheers wow.
You can't complain about the audience he's going to bring over to 940 because there won't be any.
Me foe I think it'll bring a lot more people to sports now that's true maybe the right peri show will be on 940.
This is really sad this email.
Okay Brian says is Joey Zuzu on the pool.
You can put him on there if you want okay by the way some of my favorite shows are when George talks about religion then again I enjoy the hockey shows with rumor and Doug McLean.
The only time I turn you show off is when you play anything by Boka Brian can't stomach him long time listener Brian.
Uh huh. Is that enough to make you kaka to look at you snore to make me sleep to make you know it to make you want to change the station that's right make you want to go into a coma.
Pathetic. Derek says don't you like how the right wingers call everybody else sheep while they follow Mr. Oxy cotton man colder and the rest of them like sheep if it wasn't so pathetic it would be funny says Derek amen amen to that.
Mike says gross point Michigan here keep up the fun by the way Dick Burton just finished a salvation army radio thought raised 2.2 million dollars you should do one for yourself says Mike Mike Titterington I wonder if he was Tittering when he wrote this I'm sure I can hear it now.
Can you see us raising 2.2 I can't see us raising 2.2 dollars to be honest I don't want to sound negative but can you can you see us raising 2.2 bucks.
No I can't see it's raising a stink I will say this though we sold 2 more certificates for um kegs out the candle we only have 5 left.
Excellent we still have 11 for East City girls so they're mostly gone gone for both of them so what a WQM dot common grab them up hop them up baby as they say in little
Savannah hop them up Jim and the Redlands is how about adding for the pool Vince who does the Shamwile or Billy May's Oxy clean all the other ones these guys are the greatest is Jim see these are
informational pitch men like Ron Popeye you know like that I don't I don't put them in the same category as characters you just follow what I'm saying.
Yep am I right yes yes you are. Oh I mean I'm looking at the pool and all the things that we got on there and I just don't see Vince or Billy May's fitting in with those people and Mr. Wipple he did commercials he didn't do it in
commercials right he's still squeezing it by the way he's squeezing it that big turl it up in the sky baby I wonder if they if the fart smell in heaven they don't have a body remember I understand that now why you
like intellectualizing you might be this one guy he's a stockbroker and he shows up at wood by an every afternoon every day he's probably got his clients money that he's popping in the machines and as he's sitting there playing the
machine he intellectualizes every pool every play well you know diagonal yadi yadi and if I only play two the spin shows up more often I'm going to be
joicing in the moment from the numbers no I don't think from the numbers just from life just from whatever I eat yesterday which I'm sure was ample I don't
remember what it was but it was ample when you're as fat as I am you don't you don't go days without yeah I'm thinking about joicing right in the chair right
now the numbers were like I thought they would be weak weak weak weak when you combine you know not having any material that were allowed to play that you
know my get elicit a real laugh and number two a signal that nobody can hear and number three this management that doesn't go out and get any new
audience for for the two years that jolly joe has been there this is what you can expect pretty much stagnant is that a good word to
describe it sure stagnant I don't think it's stagnant because I don't think we're as low as we can go oh I'm sure that I think they're in a meeting right now to figure out how to
drive what's right how can we get down to a nice comfortable one point oh how can we do that all across the board all day long we had a two on in the afternoon in men 18 plus and a
four four for labaster that means more than double for levatorid I'm going to joe's right now no not right this second but close to it all right I mean I usually don't have
this kind of a build up you know but in the morning this morning I did not I didn't take the time to squat maybe because I knew
that it was the day the numbers were coming out oh here we go hello sir oh this is the bridge tender son again delete bye bye bye wasting your time and our time and I'm not going to waste the
audience this time with your silly ass crap Dave said you have the morning rating sorry just tune in how did Paul lame rondo I heard you say
Baba tank Paul and lame Ron kicked his ass they had a 5.1 and he did a 1.7 they were number four and he was number on Baba tanked what a surprise huh
where is the fate Maytag repair guy he was on for 18 years and now they have a new one keep it up you and George love Johnny being
bokeh you want to put the Maytag repair man sure who did that Maytag repair man are you a fan of Kirby or enthusiasm sorry I don't have any
real material says Kenny I wish I could take a good Schmidt now Kirby or enthusiasm Jay and Cooper city says I
used to listen to the Schmidt show in the afternoon but now I can't even think of him without wanting to puke the only two shows I
listen to yours and Paul and Ron all other talk shows stink no more politics on the video this is why your show is
number one in my book keep up and keep on entertaining us forever and forget about all those other losers and PS not kissing
ass just typing the truth says Jane Cooper city I agree with you Jay I'm not going to argue with you Andrew says
Joe is Zuzu I had another one about that did you put it on there not I did Joe is Zuzu we put it on let's do
nature is calling nature is knocking on my rear door and I know there's probably a lot of great lines of oh wouldn't be the
first time right right you betcha bitterly disappointed in the lack of response on the of course these ratings weren't really
very significant I don't think other than I would be in Russian all I went through the roof right wing right wing and
ethnic radio which is hand in gland but everybody was just so desperate oh we got to have the numbers we're all
sitting right everybody's with that first of all it's only a trend so what's a big deal it's just like well what's the
cynus right right just a trend it's three rolling months November December and Enetto oh my god your breath
so beautiful in India we like to drink so that that has some peace but now we got some funky stuff that's made with bovine
we'd like to teach the world to drink a glass of some coffee you'll never go back to drinking coke because
co-eating tasty coffee it is very salty it's not for get to ask you to grow so about diet coffee oh diet
coffee that's right up my alley 12 14 at 5 60 WQ I'm speaking to that I just had a fine experience
excellent yeah that kind you've heard a kosher salt now there's a Christian variety
retired barber Joe Godluski says he was inspired by television chefs who repeatedly recommended kosher salt and
recipes I said what the heck's the matter with Christian salt Godluski said
stepping up here in the living room of his home and unincorporated Crescentown a western Maryland mountain
community do you ever heard that before Crescentown no no can't say that I did by next week his trademark
blessed Christian salt will be available at memfy dot net the website of Memphis Tennessee based
seasonings manufacture ingredients corporation of America it's sea salt that's been blessed by an
episcopal priest I see a president Damon Arnie said yesterday he said the company also
hopes to market the salt through Christian bookstores and there's a fundraising tool for religious groups Arnie
and Godluski's 73 said to share the proceeds will be donated to Christian charities but neither would
specify a percentage rabbi show them free fish bane kosher administrator for the Chicago rabbinical council
said marketing Christian salt as an alternative to kosher salt reflects that best
ignorance about Jewish dietary laws he said all salt is inherently kosher because it occurs
naturally and requires little or no processing certified kosher foods are not blessed by rabbi's
but examined by them to ensure the food and its processing conform with biblical passages regarding
food preparation and consumption fish bane said do you ever have any fish bane just this morning
this morning he said course grain course grain code if you'd stop saying that we'd go up a full point
I'll go to you that that's the problem George keeps saying just this morning it's gotta be
he said course grain kosher salt is named for the way in which it was traditionally used
to draw blood from firstly butchered meat because Jewish law prohibits consuming blood
chefs often favor kosher salt because it's crunchy and easy to pinch
yeah I know something like that yeah I know I know something it's crunchy and easy to pinch
what was that Joey Jonas thing on a pull
and one time Catholic who now holds Bible studies in his home Godluski is a long time entrepreneur
in 1998 he founded a kibasa sausage business that run by nephew in 2000 he introduced the
stretch and catch a fishing gizmo that he says was copied and buried by foreign competitors
if the salt takes off Godluski plans an entire line of Christian branded foods including
rye bread bagels and pickles goyasha goofood a Jew food how do you like that arrived wasn't bad
enough you stole those skullcaps that wasn't bad enough food industry consultant Richard
Homan of Tampa said Christian branding is a clever idea that could do well in the Bible bill
oh yeah but christine johnson managing it under the trade journal Christian retailing and lake
merry florida said marketing channels are limited although christian scripture candy and christian
fortune cookies of one shelf space and some christian bookstores there's a very very small market
for christian type food she said in other words there just aren't that many goyam though to that
far bison yeah what about angel food cake hmm I don't like it unless it got strawberries on
that's good strawberries whipped cream and maybe some chocolate syrup okay hot floods are
big good too on angel food cake as far as they're being a market for salt I really can't see it
in Christian bookstores johnson said rabbi fishbane said he doesn't blame godluski for
ceasing a business opportunity even one that plays on public misconceptions about kosher products
kosher products godluski makes his aim clear there's no anti-semitism I love Jesus Christ
and he was a jew he says oh Jesus christ he's the only jew he likes was jesus and he's been dead a while
oh my god how we doing on that survey on that pool on whatever it is I'm just I'm really I think
I want to stop giving the ratings out for 32 votes we got I'm going to stop giving them out
because they don't care about them like you say the only people who care are the people
uncle neal you're not really going to accompany pocket to a Britney Spears concert I you know I
am not I did I say I was going I said he was going I said I bought tickets for him in a friend
yeah I say I was going to Britney Spears no I don't remember you say he's got the wrong
bag that's gotta be the worst concert I can imagine going to other than maybe that frog
Celine Dion Neil if you're really playing on going you might want to reconsider it I guarantee
you probably want to poke your ear drums out with a star project head of the first one
ps happy anniversary old cooets is Robert I'm not going I never said I was going and I'm not going
right they hear what they want to hear that's something exactly this is the response to all that
simmiss and in all these fake people all the radio people that we got real and imaginary and
faking in between where's their response other than Jimmy syphilitic would you know what he'd be saying
oh we're having a big ratings party out cheap channel right have a big celebration about the
fact that skier america finally got a number and they're blowing that out and they're bringing
in me for with a zero share even even we can't top them I'll tell you the cheap channel it's a hell
of a battle but we and they got rush you know Brandon says Al from the encore frozen family dinners
he never had to buy his own food he always mooched other people's family or Fred the baker from
Dawkins donuts have you had a chance to listen to the last other thing I said no I'm doing a radio
show Brandon have I had a chance to listen to it god almighty while I was going frantic have it
nervous breakdown about when are we getting the numbers already says oh here it is I found here
you go like like that's that's the project do you're for me today I don't want to start getting
testing with Brandon but I think he's he's lost it he's gone off the deep ends who's the other guy
Alan who else Al the encore frozen food mooch oh I don't know I think you think I'm still looking at
that cheese let me go back to it again Fred the baker from Duncan donuts I don't even know who that is
I know Enzo the baker for your father for your father Fred's the one that's got to make the donuts
he does why he's got to make the donuts he gets up early he's got to make the donuts now
got to make the donuts I don't see those spots because we got here we got Tim Horton's
older and second cup they're old like me told to do a decent show I'll tell you that probably
66 my god I'm ancient how the hell could I do a decent show Paul Harvey just croaked how it was
he 90 yeah not that he ever did a decent show but he was 90 for crying out loud to all the
do a good show so we just rolled up his act and croaked maybe that's what I'll do can you imagine
can you imagine the emails if you came on here one morning said oh well Neil had a massive heart
attack and he's dead blah blah can you imagine what would come in bunch of swell much people not
believing me let's try it tomorrow okay but it's the weekend coming up I don't want to
croak before weekend Monday would be croak on a Monday all right okay good idea William says I just
wanted to wish you and your award winning show what what awards did we win a happy 33rd anniversary
I'm a transportation specialist aka driver I started listening to you a couple of years ago
haven't stopped since I'm so sorry William we used to have a reading great show and then a
couple years ago Jolly Joe Bell came to town and he enjoys conspired to destroy it and they've
done a fabulous job you make my day fly by I couldn't believe it when I found out you were gay I
thought it was a joke oh let's not start that and those guys are still sending me cramp which I
delete immediately stop wasting your time already will you oh you got to prove to us that you're
really gay oh my god it says the Lord works in mysterious ways any who keep up the good work you
ferry oh I forgot about little George keep it up and the hard work to says William thanks
that a musical this one I said thanks Bill that was down 206 206 point Mike in focus is happy
anniversary I was listening in the car lunch didn't know if anyone responded Paul Kavanaugh
was doing the helicopter stuff with channel 12 and West Palm Beach for a long time
got in a chopper crash in 2008 I think they screwed him over and he disappeared remember I had
that email just stay from Paul Kavanaugh I said I have no idea who that is yes I still don't but he
was doing the helicopter stuff for channel 12 now that's one bad thing about the cable which I
could go into a lot of reasons that there are other bad things about the cable in South Florida but
no longer in date and priority get channels 5 and 12 remember the days when we've
stayed like regular cable as opposed to whatever we got now can you channel 5 and 12 out of Palm Beach
no no we don't get that no more I thought there was anything good on there but it was I don't know
it was something didn't Jim Brosmer used to work on channel 5 and Palm Beach before it came to
Miami I think he did I don't remember that's a hundred you probably don't even remember who Jim
Brosmer replies that I do it all you remember Dick's panel no I remember wait no he was one of the
weather guys in channel 4 I remember Wade Chandler back when channel 6 used to be channel 4 yeah
Wayne Chandler he was a good guy like when Chandler was the Sunday I'm trying to think I believe I met
him once once upon a time when I'm really sure Ed he was a good guy oh he didn't poke in the eye
he did not poke me in the eye I don't think I ever met Wayne Ferris now we keep getting confused
on it is Wayne Ferris dead I don't know anybody care I don't know the Wayne Ferris no news guy they
boy they the wheel after him of torture yeah of meat here is Jane Baltimore love the show just wanted
to listen to who email you asking for bits the bits are all on the website and they archived section
if you want the bits download the show buy a copy of Sound Forge and at the mp3 of the show it's
so simple any moron could do it show us great happy anniversary thank you Jane Baltimore how do
you like that thank you you don't have to pay for anything that's right it's all right there for free
you don't have an eduert we have that about 30 can you serve me I can't find it anywhere
in fact let me just play it absolutely no about 30 man clean and pristine so you can lift it you know
without either one of us stepping on it right right right oh here's the answer to that thing about
the Chester Comperpot Chester Comperpot was a character from the goonies the kids find his dead remains
while looking for treasure the goonies okay there's as much chance that I've watched the goonies as I'm
going to the Britney Spears concert or I can't believe you're gonna go to the Britney Spears concert I'm not
oh I am we're heard you say it it's really tragic yeah zaire get traugish oh here's one about the
numbers I was in an office didn't hear could you please repeat your numbers since your I don't
think we want to repeat them yeah let's go through the whole thing again I'm getting so much
response about it in men 18 plus we had a 3.2 share from 10 to three which means we did I don't know
3538 maybe a four I don't know all depends on how badly two to three was we were in number eight in
men not good that's so great to be well they're never great anymore they haven't been
great in a long time since jolly joe bill came along and you know did what he did I blame him that's
right good I will I certainly will now must be a coincidence you know and all this crap well
since you did the show some Toronto baloney we were still kicking ass all along in fact even one of
the early books when he came along we still are number one am I correct yes one of the early books
before they decided oh well don't say this and don't play that and Joyce said this and know this
and know that and like you know do it with mirrors do it by magic where's that magic wand you've got
there it is sorry it takes me while to pull it out sometimes I know well put it back in
Roger's guy down south where the mudwumps go to hang from trees and play banjo you're got some
old a station on youfangold radio now as norris carolina goes rallies a big city you know and that's
where the beesleaves had to go for jolly Riley joe you're fairy one new jam you'll do what he can
she ain't your hand like a friend then quickly walk away absolutely they had joe go to five six oh with
ratings and the toilet bowl to get those blaming sportful moes and order and control and then so
jolly rolly joe above you'll learn in the know let's move go and here's what blows it's
jolly joe you'll make a big change and read a rage it's worse or the same he hasn't done a thing
what goes on the air had to joe don't have a stinkin clue out of four not that essentially blows
all radio all the m of five six oh jolly rolly joe 1232 at five sixty wtq and by the way the number I give
you before about the week October and yada that was from 2007 oh what happened those those were
monthly from two years ago so I see so this uh just forget it this regard forget about it forget
about it that's the best way to put it just like these numbers done everybody in their brother
forming it to mouth oh when you go to get those ratings the everybody here's all whipped up about
including the fake tom jica and the fake very jackass and this one and that one in yada yada yada and now
that I give him out nobody's got anything to say about him of the Jimmy syphilis
Matt says the pirate who is treasure they're searching for is named one-eyed willy
kind of messed up the for a kids movie one-eyed willy oh oh oh fat man after dark says last night I had a dream
and I heard the bill with her song eight no sunshine playing but as I start to hear the lyrics it's
actually bokeh brine's parody eight no fart sounds when he gets to the she sucks she blows
etc I start laughing and woke up laughing that's the best bit you can no longer play and shows that
bokeh brine is a truly misunderstood genius that is correct but we can still play that can we
know what no we can oh that's the one oh that's the one can't play that no more are you a crazy
person so good thing we a fat man after dark or came up with that boy you are just out of your mind
we can play like a little tiny bit of it like that's it she blows she blows you know and it's a great
bit yeah it is oh don't play that anymore corporate doesn't want that played anymore
corporate doesn't want the corporate doesn't want squad okay corporate they've lost their mind
first the fact they put jolly joe in there and the fact that he's still there that proves
they've lost their mind but beside that Rick in loxahatch he says it was an all-time commercial
the highway patrolman asking his kid about his raised litter tires the kid was scared of him if
they were nice tires what what I don't remember the brand what does that mean I don't know
I mean talk about incoherent and whatever
in response to an email you read the past hour here's what wqm stands for according to the call
letter origins list at old radio dot com wqm is an abbreviation for the following slogan or
promotional phrase we quit at midnight the station began as wmbf which stood for mimey beach
florida wqm we quit at midnight how you like that and it's got a list of different stations with
this means this and this means that and yada yada yada oh john zTR says I sent the following
movies to the station over the mail please tell george to look for them w milk gamora
vickley christina barcelona doubt slumdog millionaire taken religious a religious list by bill mar
grand terino the reader in downfall why doesn't he send you an email tongue utula form i don't know
they're all pretty good but downfalls especially good at the main character does a great performance
of Hitler always rushing it so that's from john zTR who actually sends us something of substance
there and send you a bunch of movies how do you like that you ought to be kissing his
i'll board them along big ass
sarah and kufr say jane sarah say happy anniversary love your show hope you're here for many many more
years well i'm too old to do a good show but i'm i'm doing the best when i can for an old fart
jane sarah you're too old you say you're this you say you're that you're going to see a britney
in a jitney like i told you southward is an outdoor insane asylum that's exactly what it is always
has been and always will be no speaking english that that on top of it
steven jurzy says congratulations on your anniversary no small feet
no small feet my feet are like nine size nine wide that's frank keep it in wider so you get old
your feet keep it wider that's right like a platypus mm-hmm you ever see a platypus
uh just this morning so you won't stop saying that sad but bad you ever see a platypus
yes i have a stupid question like that when they home i'm gonna see a platypus
steves says just returned from weakened cancun it's a real a whole but a welcome break from new
jersey especially looking at the five inches of snow on the ground right now this was monday
if anyone is missing thousands and thousands of fat obnoxious clueless americans
they're in cancun everywhere you turn to some fatso wearing hideous clothes going on about how
back home is better cheaper etc watching these sows waddle on the hundreds of tour buses made the
constant assault from exxican street hoxters selling cars tours blow weed my sister pleasant by
comparison my sister talk about the american embarrassing yeah well when you travel you see a lot
of that no matter where i've gone especially in italy oh i'll have the pepperoni pizza spaghetti with
meatballs it's sad is what it is it's also sad is the lack of uh blowback on these ratings which
they did blow but i mean the lack of anything maybe they're still digesting them maybe they're
thinking about them about the miniscule ratings on the two sports stations other than damn
your show in 1985 when i was 18 years old i'd never heard anything like it at the time got hooked
instantly happy anniversary thank you incident these are obviously old oldies it's a good thing i
still got a substantial pile here from earlier in the week but because this was going to be the
rating show and everybody was all worked up about it in yada yada and and nothing nobody's got even
any commentary on bubble loves bunch laying a big gigantic egg big egg for cox broadcasting
this was going to be their big cool man he was going to kick old paul and run ass wasn't he a hit
didn't happen
of course we worked for them so we know what geniuses they are
right
i'm looking for something i can't find it i'm sorry let me place some monobony no i just can't
find it that's all right did you look it wasn't that good anyway wasn't it wasn't worth waiting for
did you look into the chair what did you look in the cupboard yeah i looked in my back oh and there it is
run from i'm he says just wanted to say hi thank you i was born and raised here in south
on forty three been listening to you since you w k a t days wow you've helped me with my words
expressions in your life since then thank you ron he survived it all these years and he has no
complaints he's not saying oh jeez you're too old and you're funny done he and now you're rating
suck it up if you like it great if you don't like it bye bye bye bye you know who we haven't heard
from today thank god no ronnie well what's that the new creature that we got rooster rooster
caugbra oh i'm sure you have you mean under a different name yeah i know that the lord even loves
Neil Rogers hello and welcome to a cone affair my co-congratulations thank you you refinance your
loans and avoided bankruptcy yeah you could have lost part of your music library and neverland ranch
i bet you were sick over that yeah i was paying my stomach now it gets sick let's start
the girl to take i know we secretly caught it on film rolam is it unbelievable whoa that's it neverland ranch
right yeah on the floor all over the wall you see you're in a stunk so bad uh who are you
puking on here for chills dine a rost baby get me get me captain bird even feel bird name you listen both
all right i can't watch anywhere Michael what's up feel the coming there's another one
get away i like to sell is it good oh yeah it stinks great 1245 a q a m c the media are just a bunch of
glutton's for punishment and now that he's making his big comeback because he needs the cash
right media right there subservially looking his behind butchah who was that's right
all you have to do is learn how to hoard the media man and left turn and uh michael and madonna
britney you pick it on britney i may not go to that concert if you keep that up i'm spick
an honor are you really oh yeah that was down 198 points nobody's got any money everybody's
depressed we're getting no response about those ratings man i i wish i wouldn't even bother with
them the big story was libaster did great and uh bubbled love sponge did squat and pollen
ron kick his ass and then that's it and all the ethics got the diaries and all the right
wingers ethics in the right wingers who happen to be an overlapping group in this town yes it is
really incredible here's one from a vests whatever that means you are priceless go ahead go ahead
forever the christmath he's been with the executive's vest one i've heard it only once please
play it more often you'll happy anniversary grand have your cynical satirical attitude go ahead
go ahead is what he said when he wants us to just go ahead play it i guess all day go ahead
maybe it was in omen that we couldn't get the numbers maybe that would have been better right
although it's not that they were like just total disaster all the afternoon number that two ones not
not too pleasant you know what i'm saying right not too spiffy it's not really
rock solid what you call that you're not surprised are you two point one share
don't worry it'll get lower and based on what based on what how can we don't get any comments about
mandatory about the that show like what i don't know like like what the problem is like why
those numbers are vanishing disappearing that's another joebell a coup takes mad dog out of two to
blows the hopper out of there where we used to have really a solid numbers very respectable and now
we got the squat i still say that if anybody could hear the station that would be help i could be
wrong about that although a lot of what we got on probably there are some people don't want to
hear but that's beside the point that's nitpicking we get a lot of those you and ball games on though
that should do it and you think sure our third f-stein says what a drake hope forgot to wish you
happy anniversary many more what a drake hope obzulaka sart whatever all that stuff means see the red
next don't go for that obzulaka scrap love and they have it at least don't go for a bubbled love
fund because maybe they haven't discovered him yet he did a really horrendous number horrendous
if i do say so myself how come i can't find that thing i don't know i don't know oh i know why
because it's under d i s there it is bubbled love funds must suck that's my opinion i'm like
disney there it is then it lost a little bit of the impact after i searched around for it for
half an hour but nevertheless jimin chicago says happy thirty third for all oil fegalagoye in Chicago
i first discovered your show on martin luft or king day two thousand two on the internet
from a site that had a list of left wing talk show hosts i'll never forget it i was shocked that
there was actually a liberal talk show it was also entertaining in our politics intensive all the time
been listening ever since ovikia emails made your new erection will drive your lady wild with
desire that's what vicki says you might be right listening ever since the extremely phony wg
and radio appears the most listen to talk show with such topics as do you have an office wetter
ladies that you all share call us up and tell us that's the midwest oh that's the midday show
with canthean judy it's chopped off sad commentary on the midwest is a hole in my opinion anyway love
you a long time never returns to jimin chicago well there must be an awful lot of erections out
there with all these emails popin out you know yeah every time that then think buzzes 99 times
out of a hundred so viaigua soft see alas hard see alice here's one from bastard from a basket
thanks for all the twenty years for me listening it makes part of the day better you're the best
love listening to georgian rapsons says it bastard from a bastard rashkirt
take a have that do you really have it let me check yeah you look around for that while I look
for that disney thing can from bone chilling atobico this was on sunday no less i'm archivist on my
anniversary actually congratulations on your thirty third anniversary of excellence is a radio
personality in south foda where your significant contributions made you a legend in your own time
course ken is uh up the road you know in atobico your great source of information entertainment no
one deserves recognition more than you i toast you for your past achievements with an anticipation
of many more successful years is my good friend ken from bone chilling atobico right up the road
did you find it no no bastard in the basket hey on that come on you can do it i don't know where
i put it i don't know where i put the basket i know where you can put it i got the uh racing
form for tomorrow it's a seven horse race the second race
bastard from a basket all right great seven four longs claiming race 35,000
claimer for three year olds and upwards of number one two races oh boy seven horse field
i mean there's a horse in here that just jogged last time with a great virus speed rating the two
but in a cheap race cheap cheap cheap maiden claiming it's a mystery and then the five eon one by
ten in a real cheap maiden claiming last time out of go at the uh a gall stream going off at one to
two one by ten lengths can't disarmament was on the one high rule who's taken a huge drop down
from some heavy duty allowance company and uh dropping into a cheap claimer
what do you think okay six burning blaze had a long layoff from July to February had a
tightener last time out carried six wide on the turn that's not a good sign and now also dropping
into a claimer it's it's uh i'll have to do a lot hours of handicrapping on that hours and hours
and hours do we have a contestant for tomorrow do we not find out till tomorrow i don't know what
we'll probably find out later today really that please read me like after the show something like
that yet john and lake worth is happy anniversary big guy hope you enjoyed it i want to comment on
the enormous amount of media coverage l roosbois received these past two days his keynote speech
to be public in a lemming fest was everywhere to be found on the tube cube i was laughing to myself
thinking the democrats couldn't ask for a better gift than they have this bigoted racist
typical pill poppers their new spokesman as the news so-called head of the party rushes on a tear
trying to reinvent the republican party only problem is that he stands for a lot of things that
a true conservative does not those pissing off many of those he's in fact trying to invigorate
invigorate this is perfect he is systematically mixing the chances of the republicans winning back
any future seats are having even the remodest shot at the presidency for the next 20 years god
bless laris love you big guy plunger olion often john and lake worth yeah the laris he's running
that big book oh he's made a big comeback just ask Jimmy syphilis will tell you laris is king king
or radio he's king of all media now that Howard is vanished into the etheric on satellite
now that serious is struggling to stay afloat are you struggling gasping for oxygen
a bum holding a sign oh jeez go away guys send me a poll yesterday i didn't use it i'm not going to use it
if i was in charge of wqm for one hour i would blank says ray fire joys fire joe bell
higher randy roads you people with the randy roads obsession you're you're dreaming
manny from accapulco is back again chronic chronic and fake
i'll print it out i'll read anything now they're so little coming in
and all these possible polls not that we don't like the pool ideas but my god
if it's not a if it's not an addition to a pool it's a suggestion for you know what i'm saying oh
yeah john ztr says you should take a look at stern's message boards everybody there hits him
like poison and they constantly bash him and his wife calling her a horse-faced bitch they're
counting down the days to how is retirement they make me a rages fans look like angels says john
ztr who's big it was just out of control but he is sending us a he asks for the address he's sending
you a bunch of movies cool good perry you said he had like a collective subbonding thing i
i told you he's my hero he's your hero
to help a commentary on our lives
i am born a spaadano since fearless leader has won the tasha and i know long to have to look for
a motion squatter instead we listen to a neo-roger's pattern and balance want to do our
grand mom grand mom is coming real soon
digital tv switch a better nature for you
it's a zenith in the kitchen
there's not exactly dude here's some easy instructions to help you watch too okay listen close
grammar you can't use a foil antenna anymore
both your picture won't be snowy it's just gone
there's all kinds of different channels clear and crisp and bright
but you won't see is your own set still any black and white
good htd be going forward slash forward slash www dot dd dot go
in order a converter box okay grandma i'm plug your rs cable from the old slitter on the back
of your tv and you should go x cable that comes
with your converter box grandma grandma love one and into the rf outboard
love the other end into the rf in court don't spoil your new flannels
because after all your high tech hassles you got a brand new channels that look just like before
and grandma just listen to the radio there you go we need somebody to listen to the radio grandma come on
you can do it grandma what do you think we need grandma we need anybody we can get
i still think it's a good idea having you go around with the sandwich forward up and down
looking road mall near roger's ten to two wqa m five sixty we quit at midnight
i never knew that did you no i did not we quit at midnight i would have guessed like quality
a m or something like that quality a m i'm talking about what it used to mean you know i see a
long time when they thought it up a hundred years ago sure rons says neal i've emailed about the
mad dog show before he is feared during football season but has no material other than that same
tired crap year after year joe row sucks well this must be from across the street there's no good
sports nerd hosted the market since hanke was released hanke could always come up with a show no
matter what was going on in the sports world the other guys joe and jim aren't professional
sports nerd guys and the shows reflected well that's interesting because the shows didn't
use to reflect it they used to kick ass with big big numbers and it's not like other than labanster
it's not like uh any very we've gone across the street i mean sit is just dying a wicked terminal
total denial but just dying midday dying on the vine ones and twos
so where where do the audience go i don't know over there from our sports shows now i'm
i'm saying this certainly didn't go day 50 they got like all their numbers start with a oh
like that that Steve Lapis speciality do you're every day shows that start with a oh like that
like that divo show that's going to be big on nine forty what oh Chris is making a funny face
i see Chris very jacks is keep in mind that bubble started on rock 93 on january five the trends were
for november december and january no kidding i still believe bubble making impact in the market
even with little promotion thanks to my disney but who the hell who else gets any promotion i don't
people a cheap channel get it because they own all the billboards but other than that who's
spending money on promotion power 96 yeah well that's uh that's because they buy the audience
they got all the money that you should be that you want the way all the money that could buy you
that car that you need so desperately the joe liby who live when he came into this morning hyperventilating
about where the ratings are you should have said uh let's go find my car first then we'll worry about
the ratings cute what do you think yeah let's go find that car you're getting me jolly joe that you
lied to me about that you aren't your sales guy in lifting a finger to do anything about that
christ joe and man i would trust him about as far as you could throw Josh readman
not very far that drop picture for you yeah now i got to get it out of my head
garrith in whales uk says happy anniversary living in the uk i first heard your show in 1992
alvacation in mimey have listened whenever possible since then fortunately i taped all the shows
i could back then still play them off into this day wow what does he try to tell us i have no line
it's now great to be able to hear you in the uk in great quality via my internet radio far
better than the five sixty a.m. signal in mime i'm sure that keep up the good work you're the best
garrith well thanks a lot garrith whale away and whales whales well well well
mani from acapulco who's obviously a crazy person our mando canis fern
nil if you can't do this show you'd like to on qam why wouldn't you look for a station that does
allow you to do you show the way you want to do it and what station would that be mani from acapulco
that must pay any money huh exxon sidoco surely there has to be radio stations out there that
will be willing to take the risk to let you do you show the way you want to do no there are not
and there are not any stations that are paying any money there's no money this business is
dried up it's dead mani maybe if you get your ass out of acapulco you'd understand what else
all about mani fake mani from a kindle but that would take an effort on your partner
willing this on the part of a liberal radio station aren't there any nbc owned radio stations in
south order oh this is a puss this is a real puss
oh this is back when this is from last Friday this shows you how deep i'm digging into my
pile right now well there's nothing about anything you know i got a two or three two or three
about the ratings and that's it they don't care about it they were forming at the mouth when we
didn't have them and now they don't care about them
what in god's name is this ricardo sent well well let's see what ricardo has to say okay let me
print it out before i jump to conclusions chairy says i used to listen to a lot of sports talk but
with so much sports info so readily available esp and fox sports united et cetera there's only
so much sports talk you can listen to people want to be entertained the banister chose popular
because it ain't just sports you're sure the same another sports radio station in this town is
needed about as much as four more years of bush amen well said jerry amen to that
how about five thousand sports talk stations what do you say jorge jorge will spend all day and
all night listening monitoring that's taking notes recording stealing away the guests uh-huh
monkeys legend peter torque has cancer daisy uh informs me a rare form of cancer has been discovered
on the tongue of exes monkeys member peter torque will undergo surgery this week in new york
the 60 70 year old oldies legend told radar online he's been diagnosed with adenoid cystic
carcinoma a cancer most commonly found in a person's salivary glands doctors are optimistic after
biopsy show the cancer head and spread beyond the initial site he's got a a dong on his tongue
it's bad huh peter torque
you never stole a freight train so let's see what Ricardo says here if you want better ratings talk
about shack weight or wage shack series xm closed yesterday at 14 i voted for the noid
hercane's basketball blows and michael frolic is god oh yeah
boy you're you're dreaming
serious clothing like like i didn't know that we already said it's down to 13 now get with it
Ricardo the fake gym de fetus santaana from alipada the fake gym de fetus whatever happened to
gym de fetus he's off the urnaal right well we can just get him on two to four wow
you know you have to feed him but he's on the tv every year he is doing the
like the big social reports or something i forget which channel the gym de fetus
is he we're trying to take Dave game is place might as well remember Dave game oh yeah he's still
alive god now don't the people i do the hiring the consultants and the other hiring folks on tv
don't they look at these people before they put them in front of a camera
uh god
Dave game and gym de fetus put the two of them together you got a city you got a community
fat man after dark says sorry to be a chronic email or but on your commercial breaks online we
get these ads from flea for something called stripped down sports on wqm.com sponsored by Tutsi's
and then he goes on in noxid i can appreciate a horse as much as next you have with these girls
look like they were just brought inside after working a street corner well so very costed
hey at least we don't still have that same crap on the audio on the commercial breaks okay
thankfully for that so so what was the um bottom line is to all the delay with the numbers today
what was that all about apparently he's got as much pull as i do or maybe just slightly more
because he doesn't get access to that website i don't get access to that website you don't so we
had a way to clearance to get there duff brought the numbers in force duff's got access huh yeah
from the olden days i presume that's because he still got the naked pictures of Greg and all the other
employees because he used to be the pd so he knows how to do that well thank god for duff
duff is the only hope we got that's it and flea to a lesser extent you know if it's a flea
thinks he's got the inside wijali joe bell which maybe he does do a point but it's got its limits
right you know what i mean oh it'll he's still an outsider right not i remember that sports for
time i remember the fraternity right oh me oh Howard from broca and the l-ron Hubbard Statuet for
a best Scientology captive goes to Katie Hall the 2009 Scientology awarding Scientology
excellence for 2008 and the Hubbard for the most weight gain in all of Scientology is
uh no surprise here cursi allie all your favorite Scientology celebrities review that
like regeant for both the tom throos Katie hoves cursi allie at least some repressively can that
chick from darman Greg and the Hubbard for the ex Scientologist we hate the most
oh
Nicole cadman
kexty i'm quote presentation of 2009 Scientology only on bravo watch what happens it's like
gonna be so weird i can't wait one 15 at five sixty w two and the fake tom jica says
dan is kicking ass in the afternoon they have a pretty entertaining show in their
fans of your show like paul and ron they've stolen some of your bits well isn't that great
for the sad commentary when that's the uh the big show
in it yeah ron says niel i'm not from across the street on me on me me me me me me me me me me me on me
since there isn't anyone listen to everyone is going away to music and npr mad dog was good
between you and hank but when he was has to stand alone he doesn't have the material
don't know about everyone else but joe is warned me out with his screaming and singing my
guess singing screaming and singing my guess is that your numbers would come back if you could
do your real show but life goes on that's right if chickens could pee they'd be wet underneath but
guess what you know oh if those days with randy and rick and suds and you and phil oh
see my philosophy of life is every day i get out of bed i do the best i can
yeah for that day you know what i mean sure do that's my philosophy that's what gets me through
life every day i do the best i can now this was from last friday remember the poll we had go
on you probably don't know the uh your favorite dead black entertainer okay that you miss the most
the remonstruce is i can't believe Chuck Berry did make the list although i still would have
voted for hendrix ryan and deer field i emailed him back i said i didn't know Chuck Berry was dead
really did you know Chuck Berry was dead yeah he is isn't he Chuck Berry is dead let me go look it up
i thought he was you crazy person or what when did Chuck Berry die i don't know i thought he did
look it up i am yeah hang on thousand one eighty seven obama says as pravice said more than three
thousand meetings were held in all fifty states and DC well good what did what did he say he's not
it's not coming up he's not dead maybe he's just that's like saying fat's down to us dead
chuck Berry is dead and he emailed me back and apologized profusely it said my bad
um like that and he's right can't believe you left this one off list i can't believe you left
braver any spears off list of black entertainers right dead black entertainers
George the cops has been with you from the beginning down here in south photo all of these years
all of these years you and i must be gluttonous for punishment you've been with me although not in the
flesh through my many good times and very stressful times you've been that pressure valve for those
four hours daily i thank you also George for all the laughs which we need now more than ever happy
anniversary of that which is George the cop thank you George the cop i can't you're on reading these
some of these are from like as far back as friday but you know if people are make going to make the
effort to send them in right right especially since we got all this time to kill them we're not
getting nothing today i mean nothing i thought that once i spew those ratings out there that we
be barrage where where's great review del's comments on the ratings huh where's the fake joy
rentals what is coming on the ratings in the radio markets such as it is where's the fake Larry
king huh i don't know
seems like the veer commercials are the ones that stick in paul's mind spuds mccenzie and
wise up guys from bud light wise up you know what it means dad wise up what's out of it well you
either put them on or not i don't i don't know whatever whatever makes you happy
oh Ricardo is back who just sent me that grotesque after you what it was all about because it's
more than two minutes ago okay but he's back i'll print it out some of these come in i know i've
asked you this before yeah but some of these come in type that is so small you practically have
your magnivision reading glass to read them that's why print them out right why is that
it's uh the way they are they determine the font size on there well why why do they why would
anybody send something teeny teeny tiny i don't to be bastards no and a basket oh no i don't
have it the fake gimda feedus antenna from alipadus is sorry if i bring chronic but sedano one time
about a month ago sit on the ear that alipadia was going to take your place at qm but they kept
you because you took a pay cut can that be true well keep my emails there once a week from now
when i promise and then it says guilbert laugh he's orchestrating the way i'm going to read his email
guilbert laugh how could i treat this it's possible i don't know who the hell knows what a surprise they
took a big ass pay cut and libassard's still over there well at least at least his show can be
heard on a station with a signal anyway back in 1980 80 castro cranked up on 790 one of his 80
zidian illegal radio stations and started interfering with our signal they're not illegal over there
no they're illegal in international broadcast circles international broadcast law and any rate so
uh... we uh... filed a complaint with the fcc and we applied for like a big increase in power which we
got and that's why they're signal is whatever the hell it is today it's not great but it's yours
how better than some others and other people are attempting to do the same things to overcome fidel
fidel just just think of all the different ways he screwed up our careers in this market
do you know what i'm saying no
so
randensis chuckberries alive is eighty two okay
fake your drive regus is worse my new car my razel man stop mailing in and reading those chronic emails overnight me a check
over night me a check
uh...
oh man i keep forgetting to send courtesan check you know i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i do want to try a stringer on your finger
i'll try a tie a string around it yeah the beginning of this month he said
beginning of what month this month it's already the fifth
so maybe i'm talking about the beginning of april and of course that would be an April fool
yeah i'll get around to it one of these days he's you know the sooner he gets it the sooner he'll
just blow it yeah i'll get a grand to him my god just one night of booze and wild sex
frivolous behavior now that's all that is yeah ed
one thing about young pungsman they sure you know how to spend money
446 votes on the pool what who's your favorite all-time commercial character maybe this
wasn't such a good pool the where's the beef lady clara peller 114 but why's her lizard 70 the
caveman 46 joe rose 44 the gecko 36 toned the tiger 35 mr. whipel charman
31 a life veer guy yes i am 26 marlboro man 14 joe zoosoo 12 the noid 7 i don't remember the noid
little cartoon character in a red suit with like rabbit ears
yeah stupid stupid campaign so was it anointing it was anointing
now was dominoes yeah i probably didn't pay any attention then one of the nois 7 may tag repair man
4 what's always his name i can't remember seeing him now i don't know oh boy the original one
eddy eddy braken eddy eddy eddy eddy eddy eddy eddy eddy something i'll look it up you look it up
ronno mcdonald 4 kebler elf 2 glad garbage man 1 Fred the baker and none and all the on
the alian core frozen food mooch none out of 446 like i said maybe it isn't such a great pool
but here we go again let's ride you car
i'm Chris madgers play hardball on ms mvc i feel as giddy as a college schoolgirl is wearing a scope
and those scrappy thigh highs and the winch is blew up for my kunchy ha ha even done in
academy is daysmole and i run seems to be crambling i feel exuberant and excited like a 13 year old
go go to see twilight ha ha ha welcome to three CEOs of the automobile industry to
huntball got alimal alley of four rather not deli of chrysler and rich and wagon of a gm
welcome to program gentlemen let's start with you rich and didn't know if you realize that you
actually named after a station wagon that's nice names wagon yeah it's like a station wagon
that's funny no no i think it's funny maybe not a percent to him right away let's go to you
well it's not you think it's funny to rich and wagon his last name is actually a
from a station wagon i think i know comedy anyway what he's doing in elephant with three balls
uh you're welcome and pinched and giraffe anyway let's get it you rabbit not deli of chrysler
gravity think i'm gonna ask you about the rich and wagon and name reference i'm not gonna
trade a curveball on high ball okay why isn't it you guys flew on private jets into get your
big bail out money think you think that says the american people screw you i think it's not
a screw you know the american people well i don't get me wrong i'm a big believer in spence
spend spend but that's kind of crazy right well i'm telling you i wish i had a private plane
that way people wouldn't over here to stupid things they say well traveling i'm as transit
orange you've got back to you over that rich and wagon uh ha ha ha your name reminds me of where i
had sex for the first time get it station wagon hey are you wearing any wood paneling on your side
they're done anyway let's talk about the big bill like you guys think you deserve well thank you
go ahead i just go ahead i'm trying to get an answer ready how you feel about the bailout yes
you really i do really think go ahead christian go ahead what i'm trying to say but that's
rubber not that way the same question not deli wait a minute just hit me you can get
like sounds like a macaroni i think i had some vodka sauce and not deli last night
right i'm saying god fully can i admit no they're not exact who yeah remember who
knock knock knock knock who's that uh who's that
orange orange you probably say bad i know comedy let's go back out of the
album all you're for wait a minute you know your name reminds me of big valley with miss
bobber stand with your bride's milali's big valley of course you can also be the chick
from will grace for the high squeaky voice ha ha ha don't you think it's a funny
let's get going let's get i'm here i'm here i'm telling you it's funny miss bobber stand with
nick he's where we first saw a million dollar man rightly major is funny listen we're not
done list in the you maybe know back to the host to live tomorrow my special destiny
the priest the rabbi the president that's funny ha ha ha ha ha ha do you split hot bar
miss and peace once we wanted five sixty w kueh i'm happy thursday from all your good friends at kueh
jesse white he's the uh he's the one we all remember the mate agra pyramid and then grotten jump
says the nick thanks nick remember jesse white yep i remember we were going to jump the big fat face
remember look like an old jiu although jesse white don't sound too Jewish maybe he could have been
who knows what's her name why probably a fake name like fake name like oh my god are you kidding me
you're such a cynics such a skeptic waiting here the crap i got from Greg Vidal can't
be sure the real one oh here's me from harry kary the real one hey nila i've been looking for defo up here
i heard he died what's this about him going to nine forty give me the straight poop on this please
i've got a cold but in a warm weaner waiting for you when you get here love your harry
or yeah yuck yuck yuck yuck yeah mefos go to nine forty that's the popular rumor now that the
skier america finally caught on and they got a number
shmit can't put on some more sports i think all stations out of there ought to be a law every
a m station should be all sports then we'll have a chance to get a need of marks out of aldemore we get
here on there so Greg Vidal and i'm positive it's the real one because he's got no life at all
who's on the radio from ten to two loudmouth piece of atheistic jiu he's doing poetry now
do you like that yeah i could do better congratulations on the okay trends sounds like
that a bastard is kicking mad dogs ass in the afternoon but what doesn't sound like it is
it's happening four four two one you do the math you think jiu made a mistake getting rid of
a hank oh my god what a Greg's that must be that was funny back on a soss again i agree with the
person said manage to be teamed up with another host he is best playing the colorful wildman he needs
the straight guy bill wise and Gary Bruce would team him up with chozo gaki sunny hursher rick weaver
he worked oh yeah it worked then also it's surrounded himself with a number of side kicks out of
howard stern this is proven to be successful one man talking on a microphone is no longer the trend
unless your name is rush or savage says Greg Vidal who's got way too much time i have no life on his hand
weren't you impressed no no daylight savings time setter night when you go to bed turn your
clocks ahead one hour you lose an hour sleep but who they'll curious get all that daylight back
now down there then they call that much difference but here oh who do i want to get dark at
4 30 in the winter time i don't know that piers that was down to it in 50 points not good nish
good don says you're sure it's great no matter how you handle calls and or emails but i must say
that i like to call in format much better fact is that although most callers suck most
e-mailers also suck so either way calling or emailing most people have nothing to say and just
suck in my opinion rather hear the idiots that call then listen you read the emails live interaction
makes for better show in my opinion maybe take calls two or three times a week into the email thing
the other two days also this beastly really own that awful station that mr. ego and d4 are now on
yeah i guess they do but d4 is not on that station mr. ego is on 1470 www w and in and in and in and
and whatever that is station i nobody i wonder how they did in there i mean what what i waste my time
looking to find it when i'm on there when they have a oh point all day every day
hey near you're forgetting about the time to make the donuts dunkin donuts guys is frankie
no can you put them on there we did and what was his name ral for something the baker um
you did put them on there i did no you did not i did
i'm looking at it right now i don't see no donuts guy
Fred the baker that's what it was oh Fred the baker he's got no votes yeah
we forgot about him and he said we put him on there he's got no votes he's got no votes baby
frankie you made him a mistake you forgot this one you forgot it there's a whole bunch of people
we could put on there yeah a whole bunch of people identified with products try to products remember
what's his name from um oh that green stuff that pyramid scam what got a big big something life
a new life new transit um herbal life herbal life very good and the guy is dead too many of
the products try the products use the products try the products big big head of black here
that's what i remember about him he had a big head of hair and then he kept using the products
and then he died that was one of the worst pyramids games that was just unbelievable shameless
herbal life they're still around i believe i somewhere it was maybe it was in Vancouver i saw an
herbal life store i think it was in Vancouver right did not go in did not try the products no
you you might want a google herbal life and find out what his name was it might be
marginally interesting i mean not nearly as interesting as the donut guy but i will if you want to
i'm not marginally interested you're not no well why not
because on this guy sends me the pull again about what the uh bum holding a sign up almost
they're likely to give money to forget out of here third try no no no
here's one it says Ed McMahon dead yet right he's getting close he's getting real close
Jose CPA in Miami sends me something let me print it out oh here's one from Britney Spears to my
biggest fan i just heard the great news that you'll be attending my concert at the Air Canada
Center with your young ward paco no i will not be going can't wait to get on that stage and put
on a great show for you and all my adoring fans i will also arrange to have backstage passes for
you in paco with the VIP window i know you'll both have a great time at my show see you there best
regards Britney Spears right oh my god Jane wall says happy anniversary love you
Jane remember Jane wall yes Jane and dear field she's been around a long time haven't heard from
Jane in a while when you stop hearing from people you wonder a did they go away or b did they
really go away you know what i mean like forever
Jim says killer show uncle niel oh boy it's killing me as far as ad characters go i've always
been fond of mr. clean which was we know is way better than mr. unclean keep nailing it and i
love it says Jim i'm okay we'll keep nailing it and i got a whole bunch of stamps on my desk
on my tabloh
Jose says i'm sorry that i'm a few days later i wanted to wish you a happy anniversary
congratulations on 33 years in a market it's hard to believe i've been listening now for 22
years seems like a lifetime ago we first met when i was just a punk teenager oh my god i'll never
forget to look on your face the night i saw this is little Joey i feel like oh my god
i guess i can't be a little Joey too much longer i'll be 40 in a year
p.s my wife since you and George all the best remember his lovely wife yes i did
little Joey now that's spectacular
that is really amazing little Joey he was a good guy he used to look good too and then
that stopped that's you know that's life that's the way the lord works very mysteriously although
tom Brady don't change he still looks damn good that's what she's all and her munchin said
munchin on bunchin or something like that that's how yeah that's how it goes
jane and deer field says happy anniversary love you so for it is so lucky to have you yes they are
even though a lot of people rip me an ass that's okay your show is the best thing around here when
is your management gonna realize there's more life than sports they're not they should hire
Randy or Jim defeat is anybody but the sport holds they have now i love your website too
where else can you eat so many interesting articles and listen online for free that's right all
the website is old and tired needs badly to be changed i have got to get around to that i got to
send eric some suggestions remind me okay not soon though all right and i remember the dark days
of the early bush years when all the other media outlets were suckholes the bushin is gang of
criminals you alone around the year telling the truth about those bastards and the crap about
kandy i guess that's what management started their censoring sure miss all the bits like
joyslin elders where you're born and uh ask a clown those are the days hang in there never
retire love you jane and deer field thank you jane good hearing from her now let's see were you born
how much of that can i play i wonder oh a little bit down and down oh and then there was also there
was also this as clowns on parade that's right we born what what is that called i 95 oh i 95 now we're talking
see that goes to show it so long since i've been able to play it there we go let's play the whole
thing when you say yeah go ahead down down down now remember we got sued at iod because we put
that on the vest of neal thing and the guy got off and out of shit just set up what was his name
august cambell it was a setup well as i recall and this was a story that was told to me he was
asked and he gave permission verbally but then yeah and then actually paid him they paid him off
dummies
too crazy about his stimulus plans
spends big that's a fact and you know with a lot of mortgage facts
and they will create ties and stuff like an ungrateful pop don't like spending money
and
146 14 0 2 at 5 60 WDQM almost done for the day wow
tomorrow's our pick-up pony thing from gallstream George will not be there tomorrow but
somebody will be right then i got my handy crapping materials over here thanks to uh Steve
slone aren't excited thrilled to death pressure a lot of pressure every friday pressure pressure like
Maria would say pressure how's that market doing down to an it's a down a lot
the fake tom jikas is part of the reason for WQM's decline is the signal no shmetshmer or shmurlock
you can't hear the station in westbroward crawl springs of pomegranate county and we miss hank
says the fake tom jikas how do you like that that little tommy man he always knew his crab didn't he
yep he always knew his crap pulses just wanted to thank you for 33 great years hope for many more
thanks for all the entertainment go ahead he says go ahead go ahead i bet everybody in the world
is saying that now thanks to yours truly and thanks to Chris Matthews
here's one that says no surprise that libaster's kicking mad dogs ass he's become the daughtering old man
who knows everything last week he was talking about jim brown being the best football player of all
time and by the way tom i agree with him anybody wanted to spew that no takers because no one has
seen him play well i did i'm a daughtering old man and jim brown was the greatest a subhuman
piece of crap as a human but nevertheless i mean does that really count whether he's a good guy or
he was a great football player right right i'm almost 50 i've never seen anything but film of him
says tom everybody under 100 is heading to seven ninety when he's on well that's a shot at us old
folks like me number 32 of the great jim brown those were the days especially when especially when
it was like mud when they plan to rain and storms and crap yeah
can you call driving school and ask if i have driving class in the room before my road test please
these are the things that i'm assigned to do don't you understand i do okay
he i mean he could call but and he speaks good english that's why i don't understand but he's
very uncomfortable in doing like transactional kind of things on the phone with somebody in english do
you know i mean i don't understand that uncomfortable speaking Spanish really really no peeking
at the party i do that's why that's why our numbers so bad if you do the show if you would just
repeat what i say in Spanish okay we kick ass we'll do a bilingual show to hell with fidel come on
i've got a whole convidel there you go see i think we're on the way
john and four lot of dales is happy anniversary new and george just want to thank you for many
hours of listening enjoyment as a drive through the sucky traffic in brown and pommies counties
need you write extremely talented performer and george you rule too even you george i've not been
curious to write this email he has george if you see georos please tell him i'm begging that he
discontinues his singing career thanks you guys real thanks john and four lot of del
tell him to discontinue his singing career singing and dancing and clowning around and whatever
well buried jackass alice rantell is my favorite radio personnel in la i'm honored to sit
in while he's recovered always quoting this conway guy wherever that is
twitty do you know who that is conway dully is conway twitty officers and gains will ticket it to
bmw for parking violations seven times in gainsville before somebody noticed that a dead man was sitting
in the back seat all right and autopsy on john walldo a gainsville engineer missing since fibrous 11th
found no obvious cause of death though police didn't believe it was foul play i bet you'd smell
pretty foul in that car though the first ticket was issued fibrous 12th day after walldo was
last seen alive his body was found on monday the week ago monday corner police nobody may have
noticed walldo because the window ten on the car was illegally dark how do you like that that
close to show you all your kids out there don't illegally dark take your window if you're going
to croak inside although i guess once you croak what to do is make who cares when they find you right
right now what is this from shan pull shan are good writing out george
what is that you buried that a long time ago you said yeah i got a uh
yeah this is on wednesday fibrous 25th well see this is the problem yeah i do the um emails in
as backward order okay i don't know why
because i the when the new ones come in i put them on top of the pile so they order they are the
more they get the push push to the bottom i say they they push it yeah dear aqua nil in times
such as these we need to come together into an quilty peace and brotherhood so when i hear someone
bashing george i want to beat them into an unrecognizable bloody mass that being said
i was disappointed last week when george inside kick out a call from a young man who was suffering
from crippling anxiety he said he was a parent that guy was reaching out for a friendly voice but
instead the guys made light of his ordeal and blew him off they could have given the poor guys some
advice and assurance they're sending a little human warmth then and only then would have been
just in proper to make sport of his suffering and we could all join together mocking him shame on
you george i thought we did no by the way another good movie that i never would have seen on
purpose but cut by accident was juno the girl who plays the 16 year old pregnant girl Ellen
Paige has tons of great lines and she's a hoot previously in the movie hard candy she played a
15 year old who kidnapped tortures mutilates and psychologically torments a suspected child
muster all day long in a fashion that would make torquing matter recoil and horror
our laugh that cried it was fun for the whole family
juno is very cool but try not to be distracted by the occasional stupid music in the film
i'm sure the director thought the tunes were cutesy but mostly it's just annoying
history guards shan neglect them a whole fan shan from hollywood yep ripping you an ass
yeah yeah not long i didn't think the guy was serious obviously second of all oh somebody fun
on you yeah the saying a help line and thirdly we told him many many times throughout the call
get some help which i don't know what else you're supposed to say to somebody like that
go talk to somebody get some help get some counseling go talk to a professional don't call a
shmendrick on the radio that's what he should have been telling you telling us that's what i was
telling him get some help before it's too late get some help guys it's day oh my amy town oh oh oh
at five six oh wq a
don't like all the harbor
don't every time i see
don't don't don't don't let me talk to you
which
don't don't don't don't call my gv
he's president of
sh**
rape public is muscle is and in our take a lit idiot i don't know why they won't want this guy
but now he's here first for the next four years with president
thump sh**
oh
what's wrong with that sh**
oh
what i get to
look up both ones fall and get to we all voted for
why
here you want this
it's drumming stupid
me
don't don't don't find this drunk and rich kid
don't don't easy then
don't bother me
he's president thump sh**
yeah don't care what it took
you got a man by hooker
christ
right
you and i
but you don't
fear we've got a great leader
with president thump sh**
oh
president thump sh**
president thump sh**
president thump sh**
oh
bye bye bye
