So I can't do the show, but I want to do it live?
No.
I will.
What do you mean you can't do in the show?
Well, I brought up the, you know, what do you call it?
The audio ball.
And like a show, it just played, it's gone.
And I have to go find it.
What do you mean it played, it's gone?
That's what it's looking like.
You know, but I don't even know what it's called.
So hey, well screw it, it's what I said.
I say a Roger show and don't call.
If you're okay, then you call it.
Don't call on school.
He'll be on the field and he'll like it that way.
If Owen, T-A-Y, S-R-C-K-S.
This portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears, the J-J.
It's hanging out, y'all.
It's 10-0-1 at 5'60-W-D-Q-A-M-C. I played a short, real short bit.
I love that one.
I don't know why.
Because it says Mews.
It's amusing.
Right, I'm used rhymes with the Bews and let me just make a little bit of announcement here.
Play Mews use.
No, seriously, what I told you this morning is the truth and that is we do not show up here every day
to be abused by idiots.
Okay, that's not the purpose of the show.
It's to take abuse.
I know there comes a great shock to a lot of idiots.
Oh, we sure busted his balls.
We sure screwed up the show.
We don't come here to take abuse every day.
That's a management's job.
And there's a certain number of people out there who think that that's why we're here is to take abuse from them
on emails on the phone calls and speaking to the phone calls,
Ricky Tiki, shot of all people under my space.
And he's one of the very few who's using that anymore, I guess, at least with me.
He sent me an email that I'm going to, it's from the real Rick Shaw because it's under my space page,
which I will read in a couple of minutes and it just frosted my fat ass.
I mean, you know, he's entitled to his opinion.
Right?
Yeah.
I don't care about his opinion about the calls and the caller.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not doing the show to please people who want to abuse it.
There's no point in it.
And these people are trying to pretend that there's some redeeming value of my taking calls.
There's not.
There absolutely is not.
I've stopped.
I've started.
I've stopped.
I've shut it off.
I've opened it up.
And it's crap.
I'm your friend.
And then this radio station doesn't give a crap about it.
They think it's, you know, I don't know what they think.
They just don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
Well, we don't have the ability to either.
You don't have the ability to do anything.
And so within the parameters of what we've got to work with, we're doing,
or I'm doing the best I can.
When George is on, there's your calls.
He loves it.
And they don't abuse him as much as they want to abuse me.
They like George a lot better.
Yeah.
Well, I think they like you more.
And that's why.
No, they know those people.
No, those people don't like me.
Those people just want to destroy the show.
This is how they do it.
Anyway, for example, speaking of abuse, here's, here's one that came in on, let's see.
Well, this is from a week ago.
Wow.
At least it's dated a week.
You I'm sure it's not, that's not the right date.
Neil, we obviously do not see you eating.
We hear you eating.
And it is the insistent lips smacking tongue noises that are annoying.
It's kind of gross.
How often do I eat on the air, especially now that I'm here?
Maybe two, three times a year.
I'll look, we need, or something in there, very, very rarely.
And yet, here's, this is from Kevin, whoever Kevin is.
Would you like to just sit there and hear other people eat?
Do what you want, but it's like fingernails on the blackboard.
Well, you got the, the first part of that is right.
I've got to do what you want, and I will.
How do you like that?
Yeah, shocking is right.
Do what you want, but it's like, I mean, talk about making an issue out of nothing.
Then I eat a couple of weenies on the air a couple times the year.
Jordan, and the fact that George eats on the air with a food comes in on Thursday.
That's part of the show.
Sure.
I'd try some nuts.
That's part of the promotion is that the George eats on the air.
Smacking, you know, that's a big deal with that.
It's because they don't have any material.
This is, this is it.
That's all we're going to get.
That was up to an 11 points.
Yeah, it's all we're going to get today.
I'll say that over the weekend and today's slim and grim.
I'm looking on there right now.
There was a long puff piece about Paul and old Ron,
which if anybody thinks I'm reading that, you're dreaming.
You're a crazy person.
Puff piece about castrenova and Ron Brewer.
That's another thing.
Do they think that this show is here just for the purpose of the show?
The purpose of promoting other shows in the market.
Is that what we're all here for?
That to take abuse.
Promote other shows.
Take other shows.
Promote other shows.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And today is the day that they're going to slip the Mickey to the people.
And you know something?
I've decided I don't care.
I don't live in Dave County.
I don't own a property in Dave County.
And you people in Dave County, good luck to you.
You get what you deserve.
You were like these crooks over and over again.
And then they keep slipping the Mickey to you.
And the first it was the Mickey arena, which we needed like a hole in the head.
See, we had each, each egomaniac had a have his own arena.
Wayne had a have his arena and Broward.
And Mickey had a have his arena and Dave.
The fact that you got two teams that play in an indoor arena,
like the main beliefs in the arachios, for example.
I couldn't play in the same arena.
Could they?
No.
I'm not sure about some of the other ones, like the Bruins and the Celtics.
I don't know where the Celtics play.
I'm sure it must be in the same arena.
A lot of major markets that have basketball and hockey teams
they play in the same arena.
Oh, no, we couldn't have that.
We got to have our own arena for the heat, the heat, hoops and heat and hoops and hoops.
Right.
Because there's such fantastic interest in it.
Not.
Well, there'll be another hundred years before the NCAA plays any basketball games in Miami.
I'll guarantee you that.
Boy, you talk about crowds.
Woo.
There's no interest in college basketball and stuff.
But I mean, betting on the NCAAs, everybody's got their card, everybody's, you know.
I got my brackets filled out.
What a racket, the brackets.
And George didn't get in on this year.
He has to do it.
That was up to 21 points.
What's that all about?
Or making a big comeback or what?
First of all.
It's just an aberration.
Hold in my breath.
Okay, here's the real richaw on my space.
Subject, happy birthday.
First of all, I don't know what that means, happy birthday.
Did he mean happy anniversary, too?
Did he also get suckered in by that idea that because it says in my space, the show's birthday is March 1st.
Must have.
I don't know.
You're confused, Rick.
I think the sonility is finally set in too many long talk-ups.
Hey, Neil and George, greetings to you both.
It's been a while.
Retirement is a wonderful thing.
I've continued to be a faithful listener and offer my two cents on the collar issue.
I didn't know there wasn't an issue anymore.
When's the last time I took a call on the show?
How many hundred years ago?
I don't know.
Long time ago.
Am I planning on taking any today?
No.
No.
Anyway, Rickie says I must admit that there's something missing when you show off the call's entirely.
There's something missing.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, aggravation and stress.
That's the only thing that's missing.
As inane as many of them are, the chemistry between you and the idiots is quite often hysterical.
No, no, it's not.
There's no chemistry between am you afraid or George is gay and hanging up the phone.
There's nothing to say there.
It's something that doesn't translate through emails in my space and now twitters.
I think people have become so enthralled with computers in the web they spend twice as much time
or more than it would take to pick up the phone and talk to each other.
There's something to be said for actually talking to somebody instead of just reading what they think they think.
If they're superarticulate, they've got an edge.
They can express themselves in writing.
If not, something important can't get lost in the translation and that puts them in a big disadvantage.
If they're superarticulate, they're callers.
I'm your friend.
Hi, Ron.
How about we be in a...
Here's the interesting part of what he says.
As though I'm asking him to consult programming on the show.
How about we meet halfway and do a few calls with a few emails.
Now I'm not meeting halfway.
I didn't ask you for a critique or ask you to program the show with all due respect.
As we both know, radio is an art form requiring constant tweaking and adjustment.
That's right and that's why I'm still on the air here 33 years later.
Because I tweak and I adjust. I adjust and I tweak.
I listen to some of my old air checks from the 60s.
I'm QA and I say, how the hell did that pull a 54-year?
That was then. This is now. What worked in those days is almost hysterical today.
I suppose that's progress.
At any rate, I continue to enjoy you and as a fill in Georgia is better than most people doing this every day.
My best to you both and next time you're in town for a weekend dinner's on me.
You pick the place, the real rich Shaw.
How about we meet halfway?
What does that mean? Like Boston or maybe?
No, no, just what does that mean? We meet halfway.
Like I'm negotiating with him to.
I'm negotiating with Rick Shaw to program the show.
I don't want to. I'm not saying I'll never take calls again, any but pretty unlikely.
And if we run out of emails any day and believe me, there's some days when I really have my doubts like today.
But if we do, I'll spend some wax like George. I'll play some marginal group that nobody ever heard of.
There you go. Or I'll just play the same bet.
This portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears, the JJ. It's hanging out, y'all.
Over and over again. The whole four hours.
And still be more entertaining than I'm your friend.
It's interesting. He's making a great argument against his own argument.
He's saying that as time goes on, we have to change. We have to fine tune. We have to.
That's right. And over the years, that's one of the reasons I've survived as long as that I've had enough common sense to realize when some things are finished.
Some things are done. Like back when I smit canned the guests. Oh, God, those boring guests.
Same ponderous monotone boring people saying the same boring monotone crap. It got really ponderous.
And the same with the calls. The calls are finished. I told you a long time ago, the calls are finished.
Did I tell you that? Yes, you did. Just like sports talk radio. It's basically in spite of the fact that this market has got like a sickness.
Sickness with sports talk. It's done. It's been done for awhile now.
When you take the two major stations, us and the idiots across the street and the only sports show, a led sports show that's getting a number is the master.
Who doesn't do a sports show? Talk about the same boring ponderous drew Rosenhausen, Ira Windbag and Alex Marvez.
These people could put a Mexican jumping be to sleep. Oh, my God. Give me a breath. That's just my opinion. I mean, what do I know? I don't know much.
I don't know nothing about this business. We got experts like Rick Shaw and Charlie Joe Bell. Maybe they're the same person. Oh, sorry, Rick. That was a shot.
Maybe they got the same fat ass. I don't know.
I didn't check when Rick came by Gulfstream last summer, whether he had, you know, big fat ass. I didn't check. He's a great guy and we appreciate his coming by, but I'm not I'm not soliciting programming advice for him or for anybody else.
I mean, feel free to go ahead and send it. It'll kill some time to read that stuff. You know, let's meet halfway and you do this and I'll do that. Now everybody will be happy. Yeah.
It's shocking is what it is. Really shocked, especially coming from him. Now, maybe you can tell me after the break, you can tell me what the redeeming value is of these those calls that I get.
Okay. Think about it. All right. Put on your stinking cap. Okay. Come up with some real contrived crap. Okay. You got it. 1013 at 560 WQM.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, man. I sure am.
Never saw that. I'm coming to me.
I think I can even do some poor.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh boy. 1018 at 560 WQM. And then if that's isn't bad enough to get Rick Shaw giving me programming advice, George during the break sends me a text message.
Did we miss a live spot during that first break? Well, I must have blinked. I did the costume spot about the Florida Derby on Saturday and about.
Okay. What? I said, okay. What were you doing when I was doing that spot? I was right here thinking and answering my question about the redeeming value of those callers.
That's what I was doing. And what's the answer? Well, first of all, if you're going to argue with things that I never said, you know, go ahead because I never said that you should go back to taking calls.
You never just said you hate the email. You never know. No, no, no. I didn't say I hated the emails. I said a crank is a crank and a chronic is a chronic. Whether they're calling or whether they're writing. And why are you writing an email for reading an email from a chronic crank?
Might as well hear them reading their own material. No, or you. Well, to me, it's all the same. A crank is a crank and a chronic is a chronic. And I wouldn't humor them on the phone and I wouldn't humor them.
I got news for if I didn't read the chronics on the emails, we wouldn't have enough material to do to a sad commentary. Well, it is. That's the truth like this morning.
Neil at Neil Rogers dot com. We even have the link to the thing right on our website. And there's there's nothing right now.
I mean, I got a couple in my pile, not too many. And there's nothing on there right now. Just a whole bunch of poll suggestions from days and days ago.
And that's it. There is nothing new. You know, for years, I think it regard to Ricky Shaw and that thing I read, nothing regard to anything.
Nothing in regard to the fact that the date County commission is going to approve that statement this afternoon and that the people in date County are going to get to shaft again. Nobody cares about that.
And I'm not going to get excited about anymore. The county in my mind is, you know, it's a lot of proposition.
I mean, a bunch of people have sit around a bunch of crooks who sit around. They decide what's going to happen and where the tax dollars are going to go and what's, but it will.
But it will. And that's it. That's the way it works. Just like at the airport, everything is crooked. Everything is corrupt. And that's why it's always been. That's why it always will be. And I can sit here and.
I'm going to change the world. Great. Now you're cutting out. And now you're going to. Okay. So I'm still waiting for you to tell me about the value of the colors when I do the show.
I never said that you should take calls. Yeah. I never said that.
What do you say you would think about and explain it to me? Yeah. Well, the difference is, see, when we started when I started between the difference between the calls and emails, I'm asking you the redeeming value of the.
The call value you take in calls as opposed to emails. When you take a call, you know exactly which mouth breathing idiot it is. And you hang up on them. When I started doing the show with you years ago, I didn't understand why you wouldn't take calls from these
chronics. The guy with the eyes and the fanny pet guy and Gilbert and all these people that you would just hang up on when you would first hear their voice. I didn't understand why they called all the time. It would fill the four hours on each any one of them would fill the four hours with their chatter.
If you let them and I didn't understand why you hung up on them. And I didn't understand why you would say things like chronics or the death. Nell of a radio show. I didn't know I would come to understand that. And you're absolutely right because they're idiots. And they don't have anything to say as sucking or talking about some other radio show or something like that. That's all they've got.
So of course I understood immediately why after a while. You know you wouldn't take calls from these people. But now you're reading the emails from these very same people.
How do you know they're from the same people? Because they're saying the same crap because they're saying the same crap that you would hang up on and you would say I'm not interested in that and you would hang up on them.
Obviously it's the same people.
Obviously we got a whole new audience because you're starting to read email now. So now we have a whole new audience and a whole new bunch of people participating because you're reading emails that it take calls.
You think that there's a different crowd of people out there because you're reading email. No, I think there's a different crowd. I think they're all different chronics.
The Pete know that the same chronics and the same cranks writing the same crap that you wouldn't listen to on the air when it was.
Let me tell you this. At the end of each day when two o'clock comes I have a feeling in my brain and my bowels in my body about whether the show was good, bad and different whether I enjoyed it, whether I wanted the show to be.
And since I've gone to the emails, I'm much, much happier about the way the show has gone and much happier about the January trend by the way, which was through the roof.
Yeah, now that I got Schmidt candy's callers once and for all and when a guy like Rick Schroster, it's something all the same old crap that Joe Bell talks about all the interaction between you and the callers is really special.
There is no interaction between somebody that you're hanging up on 100 times today. That's not interaction. Right. I couldn't agree more. I mean once upon a time I understand that when we had living, breathing people call.
Right. Most of them still idiots, but at least there was some way to interact when you're talking about something specific, something that they can respond to. Those people will be there, but then so will the other people. I got one for the poll. I got one for the poll building is boring.
There's no. How many of those do I delete on the emails that never make it to the air, by the way, is that yeah. Over the weekend, almost everything I got. Well, here's one for the poll.
Hey, then. Here's one from Bob. I agree with Rick Shaw. Some of the biggest lives in the history of your show have been when you respond to the indeed callers with your florid insults. I hope you reconsider.
Release take a few calls. No, Bob. No. The only people who want me to take calls are the chronic callers themselves and Rick Shaw and Bob. I agree with Rick Shaw. You agree all you want.
Call them up at home. Have a nice chat about how the show has gone to the gone to the dog since Neil stop taking those great calls. The call part of my show is over. It's finished. It's done.
And a big part of that is on the shoulders of a beastly broadcasting because they won't they won't support this show. They won't let the finger. No.
They do anything for this show. Nothing. Nope. And so we don't get any cooperation. In fact, I think Rick Shaw should have written to me. I'm not going to put words in his mouth or anything else. But we know it's a mirror. I don't need him to kiss my ass, but it is a miracle that we're still on the air.
They've thrown every roadblock, every monkey wrench in a way of this show to try to destroy it, to try to ruin it. Right. Well, they want to play this and you can't say that and you can't do this. We won't help you with the phone. We want and whatever. And we're cutting your salary in half. And we're not going to guarantee any talent fees and blah, blah, blah, blah. And just screw you as much as we can. We're still here.
And we still have the highest ratings on this and with a signal signal that you can't hear it. You're sitting under the tower. You can't hear it. I think it's getting worse by the day, by the way. Yeah. Well, there you go. Everybody I run into. What the hell happened to your signal? What the hell happened to the signal? Why can't I hear the show? We are fading from the face of the earth. And yet we still manage to eke out. Some kind of a number.
So keep this in mind. Friday I said, AMC was slipping. We needed more Godfather. All we can long. Godfather. And I watched it. And you watched it. I watched it over and over and over again. And in our house, it's like the Rocky Horror picture show. We're doing like lines right along with the character and you know, she's got to scrap out.
Here's the award winning schedule. We got to big O at two. Mad Dog 4 to 7. Dolphin tonight. 708. Wow. DA 8 to 9. The 9 to 1. The WBC championship from the XPM radio. What is the WBC? World.
World. Volshmet championship. I don't know. Something. Something with a B baseball basketball. Bungie ball. The world baseball classic. Whatever that is. No, no, we're carrying that crap again. Oh my God. Wow. All you fenneth waylands and part of weekends get all whipped up about that. I don't know who's still playing.
I have no idea who's saying I'm sure nobody cares. Plus it's on TV for free. But we got it from ESPN radio 9 o'clock tonight. So we should have missed that 1026 at 560 WQ. Let me.
Neon God. Here he comes. We get off the street. Or you might have you. Like a piece of me. Oh, right.
Oh, right. Now I want him dead. Oh, no, it's a monkey. He's terrorized in my hometown. Someone break in a machine gun. And what the championship down. Oh, no, it's a monkey. A smaller version of old King Kong. Oh, why are they in my house? Can't imagine what could go wrong.
1031 at 560 WQ and let's see tonight's the final game of the WBC the world baseball classic. Japan versus Korea informs the Rudy. He says PS don't take calls. And I won't. But Paul Smith says listen to Ricky Tickey. He's a great broadcaster. You could learn a lot from him. You need to funny up your show. It's Stale and needs fine tuning. Don't be a foolish old man. Listen to Rick. Yeah, Stale and needs fine tuning. I wonder which of the chronic callers Paul Smith is. Right.
Paul Smith Joe Bell at inbox dot com. Right. Right. Yeah. He's a great person. It's Jackie. Great. This Jackie legendary. And that's all well and good. Do you do a talk show? No. I think you should take his advice and wear a hat. Yeah, that's a good idea. Where were best. I get that one from Dion that he used to wear all the time. Right. Same genre. Like a captain's hat, although without the lint.
I'm trying to think when Ricky Tickey came, I'm sure he did. He had the cap on when it came by Gulfstream.
Don't remember, Dan. I do. You do? He always wears that cap. I think he wears it to bed. Trade Mark probably. Oh, that does come off. How do you know that? I took it off of his head and posed with a picture of it on my video. Yeah, I did. You took Ricky Tickey's cap off his head. Yep. Rosemary says George needs to smoke a joint in chill out. Maybe he didn't get any this weekend.
That was up 268. See Obama bounce. Haven't heard from Maria B in a long time. Wow. Maybe she's turned on us to that bitch. That bag. I'd bitch. She's gone.
And of course, all of our chronic state disappeared. So you complained about the chronic. I like the chronic on the email. Okay.
I fake a very jackass and a fake this one and that one. I like it. Great. Nothing. Nothing. I think Greg Vidal. He's upon that because I really think it's a real one. What? The fake Greg Vidal, the fake Larry King. That's all the same dude. Yeah. And. And. But it's material. Don't you understand? It's stuff. It's not. Jesus. Haven't you been doing this long? I know. If that's not something you can. You can. It's like Plano. It's stuff in nonsense. Well, that's this show. Man. Stuff in nonsense.
Nankosha Hotdog insights rage at Jewish eatery. Here's a good one. Restaurant order brandish electric knife to fend off outrage customers. This is a good story. You see, there's something worthwhile. And you're giving me crap about the name emails. Oh, no, the emails all suck. It's all the same. Yeah, that's what I said.
Here's one that says in response to George's assertion, we're all the same deep bag chronics that ruined your show with her. Incessant retarded calls. I am not one of them. I started listening to your show toward the end of the calls. Did not ever call in due to part to the shyness and part to intimidation. Now I can email whenever thoughts I have on a subject. And you can be the judge. If it's worth your not. Thanks, Neil God. Do Shnazzle Chris. See, there's a good guy. Do Shnazzle Chris. I didn't say all the emails were from chronic. Yeah, you said it. Obviously the same people. It's exactly what you said. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I
I want to play the tape. It's obvious. It's obvious. Which ones are? And which ones are those? Oh, please, the fake this one. The fake that one. Talk about other radio show that are You're not going to Christmas? How much time did you used to spend talking about the Steve K Hansch? All these other shows that nobody cares about. But all those the chronics. The. the Fakes. That's all they talk about. I talk about the Steve K chell. They do see. You don't you don't understand. I don't read those. Just like the one about the Paul Ron show. There was a.
Puff piece this morning the length of your arm and I deleted it immediately not sooner. I don't read those. Thanks. Oh
Well, there you go
I
Mean give me a little bit of credit for like screening out the real the real the real swill doesn't make it on the year. I'll give you a little
The real swill. Thank God. Here's George again on a cranky Monday, man. I'm going back to bed
They're not slacker. I'm going back to bed
And then I'm gonna get up at around 11 30 and go I had a big big weekend at Woodbuy
I forgot to tell you before the show I'll tell you tomorrow morning big
Excellent big tell us now Saturday was good and Sunday was great. What tell me now?
No, I'm not gonna tell you on the year. Okay. I'm gonna go into a song dance on the year
How much I won what I did but it beat and I screw these people with no lives who want to live I curiously through my boring life
Oh, Neil
Why don't you talk more about your life there? They're not that much to tell you okay? I'm doing the best I can for an old fool
As
You tell me about your boring life and here with the fake joy Reynolds has to say
Well, we haven't got anything from the fake joy Reynolds how do you like that?
Good Mr. Contrary Mr. Argumentative Mr. I didn't get any good weed this weekend or get laid. That's not true as a Rosemary said yeah
Here's one from Sam. Oh, not Sam
Over the years I've called in under 10 times in the emailing arrow within one year
I've emailed you about a dozen times seems that people would not call for any number of reasons choose to email to communicate with you
I think George is about 20% correct on this issue
PS George is improving you had Lucy Lopez in the background like the bird
Background filler and his voice kept a normal tone as opposed to the hyped out fast-talking helium voice
He usually has when she's present way to go at George. Thanks Sam see there's somebody like a little little pat on the back
Here's one from Barry Jackass. I've been listening just nothing to report lately
We'll let you know when I hear back from Ken Charles. Oh, we can't wait Barry. We'll hold our breaths
Barry the radio yenta, but I will say this thanks to
Thanks to the fake or real Barry whichever one it was there's a lot of information we've gotten about for example
We were I think first to tell everybody 940 was going all sports. We were on top of all this crap the bubble crap
Bubble crap. Yeah, the bubble a 93 point whatever it is
We've been at the forefront of a lot of crap because we're getting stuff whether it's the real well
What differences make whether it's a real Barry Jackass or somebody else on the inside who knows what's going on?
What difference does it make? Oh, none well there you go
God
Korea at Japan and somebody calls it I'm not gonna read that the world blank classic
We can fill in the blank. Yeah, how about this take calls once or twice a week final email communication blows. No, no thanks
All Maria B is back see out there now have been listening. I'm just fresh out of material
Isn't that what Barry just said?
Nothing that could be the same person
I typically only like to chime in when the markets are under pressure and as you know the Obama bounces happening
I hope you took my advice and bought dollar protection regards Maria B
No, I did not I didn't buy no dollar protection. Oh
And here's a Rolling Stone article somebody sent me that goes on about AIG it goes on it would take us till four in a morning to read this
On and I know you don't like links
So I printed out the whole article my articles about like 50 million words
Now what am I gonna do with that besides wife my ass with it? What am I gonna do with a long ponderous article like that delete it?
Susan Brown
Has Vagra soft tabs from a famous Canadian online pharmacy for me? How do you like that delete delete delete it at a four in a morning
They were a huck in me with that crap
Soft Vagra tabs soft see Alice I
Think that these are for guys are like 90 years old and couldn't get it up in a panty rate
Is now with the all these emails are all about yep
From people who couldn't swallow like a real pill so here we got like a soft gel is it jubal?
Yeah, that's a good idea 267 points on the upside party time
A ground be from hyperflatulant cattle raised on ranches that used to be rain forest
Then grill it on an open flame with muskete smoked billowing into the atmosphere
Add some syslin habanero sauce so hot it can melt the polar ice caps all by itself
That's one heck of a burger and you know what the inconvenient truth is it tastes great
It's what's killing the planet
I'll be damn I didn't realize that beef's expelled the raspberries. Did you oh no?
Depend on what they eat. Yeah 1044 at 560 WQ a.m. What we have to be on pins and needles, you know
All these bits that we play if there's like any sound in there that might possibly be misconcrued, you know, yeah
Oh, when you do this and you do that blah blah blah blah yeah, okay, whatever you say well without your ass just like the cow
So here's the fake rigged be now very short and sweet
Neal when you kindly forward mr. Bell's home phone number to me he hasn't been accepting my phone calls at work
I can't imagine why I'll do it. It's Gregory
That's it. I'll do it. I see that got a chuckle out of you as it did. Yeah, forward jolly Joe is the home number
To Gregory Benjamin Badell and his email address on his physical address too while I'm at it there you go
And the address of his big back home ass
John and four Lauderdale says that the risk of changing the subject from the pros and cons of your call is always that the subject ah
I think I just saw something hopping on this paper
really
You can't see dust mites. Can you like a flee? I don't think so no there no flee
No, there's no flee inside. Okay, there might be
Based on what I don't know they get around
And the risk of changing the subject your close personal friend Rimmer was on with Craig Minervini between period Saturday night
Who cares?
What's with his orange hair jeez? I don't know. I didn't see him and I don't know
He was ponderous reminiscing about the old pantheres not as ponderous as the performance by your panthers
By the way losing the Columbus 3-1 two more points flush down the toilet
As the leaf speed Montreal 5-2 to give a golden opportunity for the panthers to slide into the eighth playoff spot
But no they didn't show
And Jay Bulmester by the way if you continue taking a paycheck
Criminal like stealing he don't even show up every night now
He was ponderous reminiscing about the old pantheres is fight with p-ros when he was doing the exposes
He is with the Canadians says John and for Lauderdale p. I shameless request could you play mome meets jerks? Do we have such a bet?
Yeah, I don't know that's the name of it. We have something like that. Well, I don't know
We're not doing requests. Oh, you're so serly today, Neal. You're so nasty good
Good. I want to be serly nasty
Now the sun is shining. It's a beautiful day
It's colder in all hell even though spring is here, but it's gonna start warming up later in the week and spring will be sprung
But Rick Shaw of all people who had thought that Rick Shaw would have sourd me on life
With a long ponderous my space. No, what are that my spaces? Uh thinning out
And all these people with their mobsters ink on you get that stuff. Oh, yeah
You kidding me? I just delete it right away. Oh, who cares about all that silly crap. Why why can't these people say something? Oh
If only
They have nothing to say that would be the only other to my space whatever the medium anything and that's that's the problem
Anyway, here's the poor result from Friday boy sure took a long time to get around to this the now's up 261
What is the dumbest sport
1063 votes curling 251 synchronized swimming 238 it was a good battle right down to the wire
Bullfighting 174
Stock car racing 92 golf 76 ice dancing 58 sumo wrestling 31 boxing 27 cricket 20
Sock or 18 hurling 17 pommel horse 17 figure skating 14 Bob sled or as they say here Bob slay
Seven why do they say Bob slay? I
Don't know. There's silly Canadians is any I
Thought there was a difference is it there's a difference between the Bob sled and the Bob slay and a sleigh
So I don't know really I think yeah, you just play me with that all right fencing six Australian rules football five
Byethalon five rug before and rowing or crew three. I just figured out the difference. What is it? I think
Bob sled Bob slay I sled is something that you just slide down hill with and I slay is for the reindeer slay is
Pulled by something like a reindeer or a horse
I'm think I think that's just my theory. Yeah, I think you're full of it probably
Okay, here's the current poll. What's the worst thing about television today?
571 votes and it's runaway reality shows that was my vote 294 over 51% say
Reality shows they suck. They're all garbage and
All these I was channel surfing last night in between the godfather and american
What is it?
American something X what is it called American history yet American history X
Well, that's a really depressing flick good good movie, but very depressing
seen in a hundred times and there was a thing with Donald Trump and who is he kicking off of their oh um
Tom green
You're fired you fired all the same crap and this one gets tossed out and and there's a what's his name?
Dennis Denise Rodman with it all the things in his nose all the rings. Oh god
That's I mean there's a television talk about monotone talk about one note Charlie
They come up with one thing and now everybody does the same crap. Oh, you're you're fired you're excluded you're kicked off
You're uh, you know you're out you're out Tom even in the godfather was one of those things you're out Tom
So you actually now you know as godfather three was none include on AMC this weekend. Oh good. It's in anathema pretending it doesn't exist
There you go again needs to be seen
Uh, no
Reality shows to a 95 dead
Dead oh see thanks remind me why it needs to not be seen. I love the parts with Hyman Roth and the godfather too. I just love that
It's he's we can't answer about
See Michael thinks that the Frankie Pantangely is dead
Who gave the order and then Mo gets up off the couch Mo
Right
Hyman Roth gets up off the couch and starts recounting the stir of Mo green
I didn't uh, I didn't get angry and that's when he really starts doing the that the post nasal Jewish drip
I didn't ask any questions. I didn't get angry
Because this wasn't personal this was business. Well, whatever he said. I don't know what he said
This is the business we have chosen
Ricky Shaw
Well, what a shock that was to read that you know, I thought he was just
Finally emailing me and responding to something I wrote him months ago and what does he do? He gives me a stucco about the calls and this thing
I don't I don't care what anybody thinks
I'm gonna do the show the way I want to do the show and I've been doing it for a hundred years that way and so far
I haven't needed any assistance from any other group balls
Reality shows 299 cable news 49 poker shows 47 the idea that anybody would watch poker people play poker is
scary
Terrifying they watch golf they watch chess they watch and don't watch television 43 do you believe that I don't no lack a quality game shows like the old days 27
Entertainment shows 23 worst thing about TV today too many channels 18
Ha ha too many channels
The sitcoms 18 daytime talk show 17 nothing wrong with TV 16 the dramas and their spin-offs like law and order and CSI
12
Not enough channels 9 and we need a lot more channels
We need 50,000
Oh, here's Harry Carey from a heaven the boys up here get a real kick out of the guiding sheet
I play it and I'll send you tickets to the cubs home opener
No, I'm not playing the request with that. We've that's been played in the ground
Don't you just love these people trying to manipulate the show what else it do
I was hearing cow I was hearing cow Smith that before I died holy cow love you moocho. Harry Carey. Yeah
cow Schmidt
Oh, here's one with real teeny tiny print. I better from Joe better printed out eight
Just imagine all the facts paper I'm wasting
Oh
Barry Jackets said Sid was on with I miss this morning. He has interviews with stations in Vegas and Atlantic City
Well, isn't that great? Oh, and here's a picture of him in a bathing suit. Oh gross wow
Jesus said the kid in a bathing suit. That's from Sid
Oh, here's the fake Scott for well the real Scott for well said the texted Georgia smart said tell me I said
I
He was the beginning of the end for this radio station by the way for real. I thought it was Howard
No, Howard Howard was after for real. I wasn't I forget
After they got fined for for real and their license was in grave jeopardy
They came up with a brilliant idea endorsed by Joyce by the way. Oh, let's put the stern sure on here with 100 dump buttons
Have dust sitting in there have a nervous breakdown with 4000 dump buttons
like
that
And
That worked out real well too didn't it? Yeah
How many hundred years before we finally got our license back
Nice going Greg Reed and Joyce and and the whole beastly clan man you people are geniuses
It's like if you get a speeding ticket
for going 90 miles an hour
In a 60 zone or 55 zone and then and then they lose your license and then see the side the next weekend
You're gonna go and go 120
That's what putting stern on here was like I remember I was at wood buying that day how unusual
And my blackberry was bzzzz buzzing and it was clearance
Clarence and I went outside so I could hear what he was mumbling about
Yeah, and that's the day told me about the stern thing
And of course at that point they had never even considered well
What are we gonna do about then the fast stern goes way over past 10 o'clock and some days goes to 11 and the kneels contracts as he's on 10 to 2
What are we gonna do about that
Remember the source the grief that was caused by that boy do we ever
Remember yep
But that's the way they do things not slow enough fast just absolutely half fast
That's the way the beastly people do crap
Oh, let's do it on there. I'm in and of course Greg was giving Barry jackass. I'm intrigued by the possibility
He's intrigued he's it was intrigued by the possibility of blowing the license down the toilet that would have been good
What did I tell him about stern and sure enough the first day that the show was on the year somebody had filed by before 10 o'clock
Somebody already filed three complaints with the FCC right the first day that we carried the show right yep
The same somebody we knew I knew was gonna be going nuts
I remember you warning them. I don't know if you do
What you warned them? Yeah, and of course their attitude was oh, well, what is Neil? No, you know, he's such a sour old fart fag everything
We've ever said they've had this stuff like hiring fat boy whatever we say they'll do the opposite wrong. It's wrong
Because they're the experts we know nothing
Well, this is sure been a real sour hour, you know what? What are you talking about? This is great radio
It's compelling
Oh, is it thank God I blocked him
Wow, where's the one where they're all been out of shape I'll get to the hot dog thing
oh, yeah, I got a whole bunch of stuff here good
Oh, yeah, here it is Rick and dear field beaches. I listen
I've noted more infighting between you and George if anything is going to destroy your show
It's the bickering between you two like tool hags
I know you don't like advice, but how about a bit more variety in the show through on some email some commentary and some live calls
Varieties more interesting. Glow out your ass Rick. Yeah. How about this? How about that? No
See in Rick Shaw start all this I never should have even read that read that stupid email. That's right
Everything was going along just fine and now they're starting with a call here. How about more variety do this do that? No
More show advice more critiques
How do you say it complaints and critiques complaints and critiques and show advice and life advice yep
This is the neo-roger show
This is your brain
Any question this portion of the show brought to you by Britney Spears the JJ
It's hanging out y'all
I love it 0 2 at 560. I'm just playing that every break I think
Please do
Over in fact, I what I'm going to do is just play it all day a whole four hours
Can I take some calls this portion of the show, but maybe not
Oh Justin says Neil the demise you're the demise of WQM with your pathetic bickering balschmit
That's why Justin's listening because I'm a pathetic bickering balschmitter. They love it. Yeah, that's your bell
Mm-hmm
Ignore mistake about it. That's jolly joe bell sending that in that would explain a lot
What do you mean by that joe bell writing a lot of these fake emails? Oh, what else you got to do right?
I
Mean he can quote chapter and verse everything that's on his show. So he obviously is like you know listening to the show for hours
I just don't get it
Getting paid to listen to this show or maybe he's the monitor there you are monitoring you I'm monitoring you
Who was that
The unmentioned one oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm monitoring you
I'm gonna call up all your responses. I'm monitoring you
The fake Scott for Rouse is Neil you're the best Georgia's okay as long as he doesn't do a four-hour show
The email format is okay, but I do like some calls once in a while fact fact is it's your show and who gives a flying
If what some people think that's correct
I do like some calls once in a while. I would too if we ever had any
Miss you Neil. I'm drowning over here on Howard 101 any chance you can get me back on the year to shake it up
The fake Scott for all no no chance
The Dow is up just a shade under 300 points. Wow
I think we ought to have a big big big-ass party get a bunch of food in there. Okay, and give them some free plugs today
Any day, okay tell Joe Bell to go to hell
Tell him when he delivers that trade-out car for you. That's when you'll start listening to his bullshit
Good plan. I think I finally threw out. I headed my pile of crap here that memo
About the food in the studio. Oh, yeah, I probably said that was I think the turning point
That was the beginning of the end
And then of course after that started this crap about eating on the year all this belonging all of a sudden after all these years
They decided oh eating on the air is gross and the lips macking and all that other crap
I wish I had a weenia go and he went up right now just just out of spite
Well his deal wasn't eating on the air it was the getting no no that that that has
morphed into that sure
The neurosis about us eating on the air I don't know in the middle of the day when people eat lunch
I don't believe a one of those people
No, they're all they're all fake. I'm right. Keep trying to tell you about these e-mailers. Oh, Jean-en provocatorum goyum
They're all about your fakers that I was definitely 292 now got too close to 300
Oh Walt was suggestion for a poll oh
God what's your take on hot and spicy? Oh my god
Huh and then it was so good. He said it twice
It was such a great poll idea Walt sent it twice. Why hadn't he deleted twice
Hot and spicy what you take on hot and spicy. I don't know
If that isn't tragic. I have no idea what is but but at least it was a different guy
See that that's why when you knock the fake this one and fake that one the chronic email like fakes yeah
At least their stuff I can read
The stuff from a lot of these people like Walt with this
pathetic poll. I mean what am I gonna do with that besides wife my ass? I don't know
Well
Well, let's move along. Kathy says subject bubble crap
Wester was something listen to other than him don't listen full time but tune back and forth among the other stations
Can't wait to see Bubba's numbers next time though
Almost tuned about for good when he added another market to his network and proclaimed he was gonna run Bob and Tom
Those old men who just sit there and cackle out of town
He's stirring junior when it comes to that
No one and nothing is as good as him what it comes to his show
This morning because of his ADD they went from talking about the 16-year-old who fell from the balcony in Daytona to a radio
Stunt he did when he styled the skydive tandem and the school didn't harness him correctly
He suffered some kind of damage to his thighs because the straps were in the wrong place and went on and on about how awful
This was and how that if anyone on his staff was ever stupid enough to skydive he'd fire them
Then he went to commercials first one of which was a skydiving school
Again Mike Disney can we have our music back now or Bob and Tom please says Kathy please pretty please
Please no
Well, there's a few people that think uh Bubba's the greatest things in sliced bread. I'll tell you that
Not too many
I
Can never find that damn thing. You know, I don't know why
Which one the Disney thing oh it's under Disney's oh
Diz
Yeah, Bubba lost bunch is the greatest morning show in the history of mankind. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney and you're a red nose jerk
Jackass checkball
Mike Disney oh my god
Knows just keep getting redder and redder and redder
Yeah, I
Mean giving new a new meaning to that term drunk and Irishman
And then of course him and boy giri oh brother
Oh, I want a piece of this right now. I want a piece of this too. What a piece of white giri. Oh that's this and I was having a conversation with Disney about something
I don't know he was all bent out of shape because his wife had a miscarriage or something and blamed it on me
Didn't blame it on me, but was he was just in a sour drunk and moved at noon one day. I see
And so I had a confab with him. I figured what it was about
And boy giri had to come running in oh, I want a piece of this too. Uh-huh piece of this. Yeah. You're a piece of something boy giri a piece of shmit
God the people that we have worked for and with oh
mostly for
Yep dangerous
Neil I was listening yesterday to QM with one of your promos came on and swear I
Was uh, I laughed my ass off
Neil
It was the vocabit where he's singing take me out to the ballgame the commercial was like two minutes long and it was hilarious
Can you please play the commercial not the bit again god that was awesome always listening
Thanks is somebody Georgian. Well, what does that mean probably on the internet or something?
But what it was probably on the stream or something. I don't know. Yeah, well, we didn't know what it is
Oh
That other person wasn't me so and so is a crazy person says Greg
VDL right the other person we have a fake fake Greg VDL we have a fake oh you old faggot if you take calls
You'd know I ain't Joe Bell you bitter old faggot's is a Justin Justin who all of a sudden uh-huh
Was invented by probably John ZTR or one of the crime sure he just invented him
That's okay good. We that that spices it up a little bit
As opposed to I'm your friend. I'm your friend. We can have 40,000 emails saying oh
Spice it up with some calls and I'm still not taking any how do you like that?
Okay
This show has been so much better since I stopped taking the abuse from these four idiots on there and these people
Oh, if you just you know and Rick Shaw of all people who's supposed to be a broadcaster who's supposed to understand something about this business
I thought
And
Instead of just saying hey, I'm doing great retirement is wonderful. Bob Bob Bob Bob bomb still out here listening instead to just say no
He's got to give me advice. I don't need your advice. Okay, Rick. There's only one piece of advice
You should have given me a long time ago and that's retire and then you could send me a bunch of money so I could afford to
I mean one would have thought that you know with all the money I had accumulated over the years that I would be able to retire at this point
But guess what I have an expensive life
Got a lot of people out there who depend on those checks coming in every two weeks
And you know me yep, you're excited around although I did forget to send those checks dammit to um
Faso and what's his name skinny so
Spatso and so-so
Oh, yeah, Cordis he's so so
He is
Poor Joe. I know he's your buddy because you do drugs with him or whatever, but beside that whatever now because you had the hot for his Russian girlfriend had
And he was willing to share but then she dumped his ass in a heartbeat
When she discovered that it was like a stomp a fake penis
Did you know that the judge cordis has a stomp penis? Uh, no, I know it's it not know that little bird told me
Were you drugs back in
Some
He insisted where is that causing now
I'm your friend
Your friend
That's for the people want to calls
Thank you. Okay. You're welcome on their behalf
Joe howards is subject phone callers high-neil in George for many years of listening to your show since 91
I never called in because I stumble bumble and stutter when I speak on the year
I am much more fluent able to get the point across and contribute a lot more effectively to the show when I write
Plus the boss never hears my voice when I email and he thinks I'm working anyway, but that's just me
Sure, there are those calls where someone can discuss the topic and sound interesting, but that's a small minority of colors
Absolutely
Of course without phone calls there are no more people saying it is so hard or I don't know or I I I which are staples of the show
Good luck to the two you says Joe. Well guess what Joe when's the last time
And you can inform me when's the last time that we had a clip
A drop-in from somebody on the phone from a phone call long time years ago
Mm-hmm
There are no drop-ins from people who just say I'm your friend a hundred times
A thousand times a million times a cosidian time. There are no drop-ins. There's nothing there
And
And maybe somebody in the audience will think of the last time we had somebody
Say something cutesy or interesting or amusing or whatever
Like for example
Since he mentions this and is a male
That's hundred years ago. Mm-hmm. The bridge tender 200 years ago
The tree lady 400 years ago all of that stuff your gay
Yeah, that may be the last one
Mm-hmm. That's from your boyfriend. I can't believe you played that actually well
Well, what it was all right. It was a funny call
Well, well, well, well, well, well
What do we have up to 86?
Can't quite get to that 300 mark if it does boy. I'm going back to bed
What the hell W.I.W.D. listeners flood station with good news
The fake Tom jikers but this is a whole puff piece about Jimmy syphilis not interested Tom
We're not promoting the Jimmy syphilidic show, okay
George still has no car
He also had no car in Cuba and every day he saw his family drive around Cuba on bicycles his life is no different
In Miami. Please let him down easy on your capitalist tool in my cheer him up Yankee dog hater Fidel
Whatever the hell that all means just another another chief shot at poor George. I bet you that's from Joe Bell
That's a rationalization over the fact that they lied you they have no intention of trading with car or they even a bicycle
And you really believe them did I ever say that? I think you did
Did I ever say that now got the impression that you did did you not believe them? I didn't I don't believe anything
In this place
It's Monday. I don't believe it Monday
Monday Tuesday Saturday. Let's do that again
Yeah, let's go back to what the what does that mean? We'll get like 20 different
Definition right of Monday and then we can discuss the different meanings of the word beach
I guess I could just ask Paco directly what does that mean Monday?
But then then he would assume I'm trying to like listen in on the phone calls
I think it's funny that he got all been on a shape that you wanted to take a Spanish class
He didn't get bent out of shape. He just you know was sour on it
That I thought it was a bad idea
I think it's a great idea a bad idea. No, it's not a great idea. I'm 66 years old
I'm gonna start taking Spanish lessons why not I'm gonna learn another language
Why not tell you why not because when you get old you don't have your brain doesn't have the
Retentive capacity that does when you're younger. You don't have the ability to learn like when you get true
It's a cop out. Well, what do you know about it? What do you know about being 66 years old? You should only live so long
I hope I do well good luck to you
And when you're 66 how about taking some Russian lessons so you can commute or come come first with a fidel I just might come in Easter come in Easter
There's that great scene where Batista is admitting defeat and bailing out
Salud salud salud salud my ass
Batista what a gangster
But they like them because he was their gangster, you know that that's always the way it is
It's like the old Jews on the beach they left my Arlansky because he was a their gangster. He used to walk his dog
I'm Collins Avenue was such a wonderful man. Yeah, he should live so long
All those old parts all those miserable old crabby bastards that used to just bug the crap out of me at WS news and KAT
They're all dead now. They're all pushing up daisies. They're all dead
Every one of them
Rogers you'll never make it six months in this market bad. Yeah, they're all dead
Including there was one old creep
Used to call Larry Kent all the time and Larry would put him on here and send it just hanging up on him right away
Larry would put him on here. Let him go through his whole thing bashing me the faggla bag by me all this other crap
What that was his name and it'll come to me
Larry Kent he's also dead by the way big fat dead man. Yeah big and fat general leads to dead right
Oh, I got some dead people in my pile here. What the hell did I do with them? Wow you got a pile of dead people I'm really slipping bad
Before we get I finally do have a mcumulating a bunch of crap here today. Thank God
Better than revert into the calls. Oh, you're wrong. Neal. You're wrong. Ricky Tiki says you're wrong
Well, you know what screw Ricky Tiki
Let him stick to his talk ups into his 50s and 60s music
He's an expert on a show
Non-coach your hot dog in science rage at Jewish eatery restaurant owner brandish electric knife to fend off and rage customers
It was all an all-out frankfurter frenzy this week at a popular Jewish restaurant in Brooklyn
As a certain hot dog caused a near riot
It's not what you'd expect a worker in New York City to record on tape fending off a group of Jewish patrons with an electric knife
Oh
I was petrified stuff was going through my mind a patron who didn't want his name you said I want to live
I don't want to get stabbed for a hot dog. What a weeny
Cute the long time patrons is the chaos broke out when he and a rabbi noticed the frankfurters on the grill
Were not kosher and a restaurant that's supposed to be dishing out the kosher variety
The package didn't look kosher the patron said it was the last piece in the package
Some customers were quick to defend the worker was surrounded by according to some witnesses
A hundred and rage people he just got angry at the patron said he wasn't about to do anything to the guys
The rabbi who originally certified the Shwarma King restaurant kosher
I thought Shwarma was a middle eastern like a Arab thing
I don't know
What is Shwarma? I'll look it up has written a letter to the community in the Jewish newspaper and letter
He calls the frankfurter mix up a terrible mistake
It was a one-time incident burrow park resident Yosey Stearn who translated the other's letter for CBS two said they cut it before was even served to the consumers
Thanks god
Can you imagine them eating trough?
The rabbi tells the community that a worker was sent out to buy hot dogs and that he went to the wrong market and bought
Non-coacher hot dogs neighbors say the owner is an honest man
He's a very religious man one neighbor says he studies every morning and he's not the type of guy to fool people
The popular spot on 13th Avenue was shut down for several days as rabbis examined the premises for non-coacher food
And throughout equipment that came in contact with the uncertified meat. Oh my god
Talk about a bunch of real geckys. They threw out equipment that came in contact with the uncertified meat. That's right
Oh
Customers and the restaurants owners say they're hoping similar incidents don't come up in the future
The restaurants owner says in addition to throwing out equipment utensils were cleaned with flame to purge any pieces of the non-coacher food
Thank you Delray Dan for a marvelous story an embarrassing story
I have a feeling in my life. I've come in contact with uncertified meat, but I'm not going to burn the hell for it
Maybe I am he might
That's okay. It was well worth it. Believe me
Uncertified non-coacher meat
This should be a worse problem you get you far missing lunatics you
What do I tell you about the orthodox man? I don't know what did you?
I think the last one the last drop in was from the crazy bastard Reverend Jones your gays is Fred Souter and Fred of course is a little bit late
You know a little bit late. Thanks Fred
Even that was an eternity ago colors are mostly my listening
So I have nothing whatsoever to add and then he writes Eddie
And he wasn't a caller. He was a voicemail guy
That's Fred Souter. Thanks Fred, but as usual a little bit late
Oh Anita Brian says
Whoo now we've really made it that Anita's back
Wonder how Bob Greens doing. He's still out hanging out with the guys
David says you're gonna take some calls old man and give us what we want we want the calls
You will cute no, I'm not he's giving me orders. He's giving me directions
Funny drafts Greg views the Greg mute L. writes where's they list
Where's they list not where's the list where's they list
You're illiterate besides being a hated by everybody Greg
Greg also says and now you're turning on the great Rickshaw because he dares to offer some show advice you are relentless
Yes, I am
I like him just fine. I just don't want him tell me how to do my show that's all
I never told him how to do his talk up so how to do his show
I treated him with the greatest respect and like him just fine
But don't send me long ponderous emails about how I should do this and let's meet halfway
Like where we're in some kind of a negotiation about how I'm gonna do my show
This is what happens when you retired and you have way too much time on your hands Ricky
Oh Shawarma somebody send me a picture you sent it me. Oh looks like crap. What is that?
Looks like a hero it says it's similar to
But what is that turd looks like a goal for sitting on the edge of it?
Shawarma
Is a middle eastern Arabic style sandwich like rat usually composed of shaved land goat chicken turkey beef or mixture of meat sounds really traith to me
Oh yummy. Does it?
Mm-hmm
I'll tell you something even better and that's quiznos
Yeah, you're right
Now the NASCAR season's back. I want to go to the race track
Where my Chevy T-shirt and looking cat
I'm gonna drink me lots of beer
I'm gonna open the hyalurant here watch my driver win and take his victory last
Then he's gonna smoke his tires
The rubber smell can make you cough the baby really gets me off can't be much
I
Think I'm tough, but it turns me into a cry
When the driver smokes his tires
Yeah, smoke this are you smoking tires or what all the time?
How about the smell of berth rubber what does that do for you? Uh makes me want to run leave the room really?
Yeah, it's nasty smell you like that. No, I don't
Lots of aromas that I'm not too crazy about especially old shiny money
Ha, what are they going?
Old shiny mind
Well, guess where I'm going into a clock I just got the emmo
That somebody's gonna be pretty bezy today. We're gonna have lunch tomorrow
So today I'm free to get my beautiful Corvette and drive right on off to a wood buy em. Two o'clock. I will good
Paul Smith says stop using my good name in your angrily old way. Stop now joe bill
Okay, these people are just having some fun. Okay, and you take it also. Oh, it's the same chronic
Zababa. Who cares? All that's important is that you like you said get paid get laid. I'm getting paid
Let's get start
Not the other part here's one it says. Oh, it's an eater did already
Oh, you know if I don't get to it right away in two seconds
You don't have to send it the second time like the fake time jica about Paul Lyle
Could you add too many news channels to the pool? No, that's stupid too many news channels too many sports channels too many
You know, that's just stupid isn't it? Yes, and one thing we don't want to be like Mo would say stupid
Anita Bryant says I enjoy listening to your show a couple suggestions for you to mull over
STFU about what is that?
About glory holes and all the gay stuff. What is STF you mean shut the f up? Oh?
Really yes, hey, I learned something. It's not even noon yet. I learned something today stick around
We got more it's disgusting the only person gets off hearing that is George because apparently he's having some issues with his wife
Uh-huh
well
He's having some issues with his wife now. We know
What you're doing in your spare time?
glory hole. Yeah
He's hanging out at Westland. Oh, yeah, what's that other mall?
It's a dog. He's a great. The dolphin mall the dolphin mall
It says I do like the emails as people can express themselves better than on the phone
I did like the phone calls the best phone call was meant some guy called in city was driving around on the highway and they go back to talk about something unrelated
During his conversation he starts screaming and played the sound audio of a car crash
I think he or
Or she
Did this a few times on the show do you remember that no
Playing a car crash sounds in the background
Wow talk more about movies. I
Trust you as a recommender of movies. I took your advice to see once upon a time in America a couple of years back
Please suggest more movies
Well, what about American
History X uh-huh
So all in all less clear stuff more movie talk dedicate plus or minus 30 minutes of your show to take calls
And let all the prank call us get out of their system. No the purpose of the show isn't for them to get it out of their system
That's not the purpose of the show and send George back to Cuba so we can't be bothered to do the show and continue to be
Wining about his wife or whipped by his wife
You can replace him with a real assistant like Brian Craig says they need a Brian. Well, there's a match made in heaven right
I need a Brian and Brian Craig. Oh my god. Talk about a gay obsession
Now guess what I know it's gonna come as a great shock two things one
We don't show up here every day to take abuse from people and number two
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about and I'll do the show however the hell I want to do the show
Oh, no, that's wrong. Neil. You have to you have to satisfy your customers
The thousand two seventy seven seventy seven. No, it's remember what I told you
So many times in life that just keeps popping up that seventy seven not forty four
Not sixty six not twenty two
but seventy seven
brings us back to the old days of radio baby
That he's still alive right chubby checker far as we know. Yeah, we know he's alive
Brandon says I can't understand why somebody like Bubba can be on the year
Not only is he unlistenable. He can't talk worth a damn. He stutters really bad to to to to to to to to 25
And he always talks about him and his staff are manly men because they go to strip clubs and drink beer and anybody who doesn't do these things are
And other manly things is a fag
Everybody
Everybody who isn't on their side is either a fag betcha or a hack bad radio shows his Brandon Bubba to love sponge. Oh
What a big impact yet almost as big as a man cow remember that experiment that was Steve left again and James crystal radio
Norma can't suspect specialty
By the way ask me if I've heard from Norma can't know
I don't care if I hear from Norma can't ever again because he's just you know he he's obsessed with this fantasy baseball and his fantasy
Legal blog and fantasy life and whatever fantasy lunches with Joe Bell
When or somebody who doesn't follow through with their ass assignment
I don't I don't reckon that I'm gonna sit down or write a check and mail it out to anybody. No, they don't follow through their ass. I know
The fake Tom jikus is Bubba loves bunch versus octomom
I freely admit to being a pencil neck geek says fake Tommy whose brain is added by too much of the Diane rem show. Who's that?
Diane Reams maybe Ream who is that on NPR? I believe she reams. I think so still. I'm really shocked yet as I was flipping through radio stations this morning
I was taken aback by the on air pumbling that 93.1 Bubba loves bunch was giving to the octomom
Bubba was talking about how people like octomom just drain resources from taxpayers
How good people like himself should be allowed to have kids he said in the span of just a few minutes
Bubba called the octomomah or at least five times and a bitch at least eight times killed a mom killed a doctor. He said
yeah
Judging by the FCC guidelines Bubba was pushing his luck on the agency's website
It defines profanity as including language so grossly offensive to members of the public who actually hear that is to amount to a nuisance
Oh in other words you couldn't turn it off
Profane speech is prohibited on broadcast radio and television between the hours of 6 a.m. to 10 p.m
David Frisk the director of the FCC's office of media relations says his office very well if you don't like it complain to the FCC fake Tommy
Go ahead
Go at least Bubba exercise some restraint when he said of the octomom. I so want a blast to see word on her right now, but he didn't
Then he went back to his contest to see if any of his minions could drink a yellow green milk without puking
Oh
so Tampa
Temple terrorists
Loots
Dunnian Clearwater. What? Dunninen. Dunninen. Dunninen. You don't eat me. I'm Dunninen. All right. I haven't thought I'd think about anything
The refrigerator that could eat on here just to piss off those it is oh it's so bad man to do as you will do as you please
But yeah, but my ass
Assure but all these don't you got the ladies on this phony complainers
Oh Adam Oshmok over in Kitchener Waterloo sends me a story here about a kid in China who got killed by a chair.
Sounds like one of those horror movies.
Like an animated chair?
No.
Oh Frank Delvecchio who keeps sending me copies of these letters.
Oh my god Frank, good luck to you. Your intentions are great.
Good bug on me.
Now they're starting to come in man. Now they're starting to trickle in including one from the real suds.
I bet it's the real one because he occasionally does email me.
Yes he does.
Well let's see what he says.
A guy goes in for a checkup, is sitting on the table wearing his paper gown when the doctor comes in and says,
first you have to stop masturbating. Why ask the patient?
The doctor says because I need to examine you.
That's not bad. It's cute.
Old but cute.
And so old?
Oh yeah.
Well I never heard it before and you're always.
They don't come any older than me.
Thanks son.
Howard David's a bitch.
Oh what the hell?
They got a call here.
The number one rating they've been in a moholic in David and his show.
At least according to my aspirations.
They're your way from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
Mirabah hello.
I want to take on J. Feeble.
Oh well J. Feeble is a great quarterback and a good joke.
I like J. Feeble.
Well not to mention he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth but pops.
Oh yeah.
David's got to be careful what you say here.
Oh kiddop. Thank you mom.
Oh no no wait a minute.
It's all go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at how about this.
How's the weather down there in Mirabah?
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh I know. Wait by the way.
No.
No I have to go.
Look I tell you what.
I'll hold you open up break.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
It's all right.
That's what the only color we had.
The things on your nose is growing again.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
Wow.
You got things.
We both think.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those posing pimples.
You call my eye.
If you go look in the mirror, you'll see.
A road map of Yipsiland Sea.
You got your happy sun.
Way to die.
I know it's close.
When something stays.
Almost every day I think.
And my veins are so thin they start to tickle.
My eye denies the door to door is yours.
Yeah, I love like a ball of fire.
That's why I'm currently old-time.
With the nose and spills with wipple veins.
Yeah.
Get the life that you watch the scene.
And say it's kind of extraordinary.
Oh, you know how to believe in wipple veins.
Well, da, da, da, da, da.
Da da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
And you try to out some.
13th of noon at 560 WDQ.
I'm happy Monday from all your friends at QA.
How many calls we've taken today?
Oh, how many calls we take it tomorrow?
Wednesday anyway, my message
Monday, Tuesday, what David Woodworth who's usually a chronic malcontent says did you know that alcohol steam was recently in the
Noteworthy hospital in New York this is going to his blog on something
Algoolstein.com regards DNW yeah regards
Woman if they call me a cranky old fart the next minutes regards you people can't make up your mind can you?
Can't make up your mind can you?
They may regards you cranky old fart. Yeah, that's right best regards you cranky old son of a bitch and
Die soon. Yeah, nuts to you, but anyway have a nice day
Yeah, drop dead and have a nice day like Mike Siegel
Some crank would call and just bitch him out and oh well. I'm not gonna listen to that, but but thank you very much for your call
Why would you say thank you very much for your call? Here's something that if this is true
You will have the biggest party in your pants in a history of the human race. Well, let me give my pants ready
Do I yeah, I'm telling you they got a party favor that Joe Rosal have an even bigger party and is in his
pants all right, I got my nose made her down there. This is from Mark Hawk the fake Mark Hawk across the street right
subject success follow success
High Neal and George Zilla bastard none of the panthers was why we don't care about that
I was wondering if you've gotten reports on who's gonna replace Sid in the morning yet
Well, if you have it I have news for you
Sadano doesn't want to leave his time slot even though you've beat him consistently
He's cleaning your couple of books or trends where he won on the ratings non-existent
Maybe there was a trend a month or so in there somewhere where they got some diaries wired
I think he knows that he's benefiting from low expectations when he's going against you from 12 to 2 p.m
If he were to move the mornings the expectations would be much higher and his job would be in serious jeopardy
If he didn't start getting higher ratings something above the ones the powers that be have finally begun to consider other options
In case they don't make Sadano move the mornings the rumor at the office is here you go
Hold on tight, okay
You're strapped in I am I got it all out to know it loaded. Let me give you a clue
How about that
The rumor at the office is Jason Jackson coming at you. He's been a fill in for a few mornings and next week or two
Oh my god from your mouth through the Lord's ass right
That is the greatest news in the history of the subhuman race
Wow
That makes sense he failed badly over here both stations if it sucks if it has failed if it failed in this market if it failed in another
Market let's put it out twice. They love it. Let's put it on again. Let it fail. Let's see how that
Failer's yeah, if it first you don't succeed fail again. Sure. Isn't that how that saying goes?
Oh, apparently there's a lot of ones that subscribe to that philosophy now
Here's something I just learned because I looked up deep purple which is a great song not yeah, not by Mohawar
Oh, I do love that bit where he says add no do do do do do do do do do do do do do is
Wow, that's almost as good as good as good hope with the goober and gubernatorial
Or whatever he says mm-hmm
Nino tempo in April see you Stevens had a very big hit deep purple
There we go
How do you do that so fast?
I got Russian fingers
You got what Russian fingers man Russian fingers
What do they call those
Um like tiramisu is made with a certain kind of thing
Copy no, I'm not talking about that certain kind of like
Like a pastry thing. Oh, I don't know somebody of them. Oh
What do they call those you know what I'm talking about they're like orange and filled with cream
Ooh sounds good whatever you're talking they are good. What do they call it? Well somebody will know so anyway
Nino tempo napole Stevens which I never knew this before and I bet you don't know it either brother and sister rack from New York
No, I did not know that speaking of brother and sister acts. Yeah
Same song brother sister I mean Marie
Hey, Donnie how the hang
Lord I heard you old ugly Donnie
What do you got Donnie see who I couldn't hear a worse version?
Yeah bad really bad didn't need to be done like a lot of those remade movies didn't need to be done
That was up to 92
Oh look at this people are going to financial boot camp on CNN
Maybe they can bring back Sally Jesse and resurrect your crap. Are you thinking about lady fingers?
Lady fingers. That's right. I think that's what they call them. Is that thanks Lee?
Oh, thanks Lee see Lee knows his fingers. Yes, he does and he knows his
Yes, that's right from your elbow
Formed in the early 1960s when you know tempo napole Stephen signed as a duo with ad co records
The group had a string of billboard heads earned a Grammy award is the best rock and roll record of the year for the single deep playful
Now who did the ability award the dominoes did the purple I bet you don't have that
Uh, no, the dominoes. Well, why not they had a great recording on Liberty Records if it's out there. I'll get it
Same song
Deep what I just say deep purple well, I mean that might be a different song by the same thing
There's not another song named deep purple my god. What is wrong with you now? Who did the original deep purple back in 1940 something
Deep purple by hoggy Carmichael is that who it was?
Or did he just start us? I always think of those two songs in the same vein for some reason
That was up 300 points. Oh now it's back to 290. Uh six
I was up 300 points just as I looked at the screen and then it the receded it went back down real fast somebody sold something
Probably Maria nice hair and for me today Maria by the way this Friday we're starting that feature not
Did I was up 300 point 27 oh oh happy day 301
Now here's something also you didn't know
Nor did I
Deep purple was originally released as a B side by producer Ahmed Erdogan who was a who was dubious of tempo's belief
That would be a hit calling it the most embarrassing thing the two of them had ever recorded really when the A side of the record paradise flopped
Erdogan related in the song achieved notability as the longest running hit B side a title occurred for 21 years
I'm trying to think what was the other side of the Beatles ticket to ride
Yes, it is
Oh wait for chicken neck
Yes, it is yes, it is a great song you never heard though
That's very good. It is great. Yes, it is yes
Music journalist Richie Unterberger has described the later song all strung out as Nino tempo Napoli
Stephen's greatest triumph never heard of it declaring it one of the greatest Phil Spector inspired productions of all time all strung out
You got it? No looking for years following their charting singles the duo continued recording
But failed to achieve continued sales success in other words they became a big fat flop
Just like Josh treatment they became a big fat flop
Oh, what are setting news about the Morning Show across the street if true
Come on that child. Oh
You think that did had a bad number which he did this number will definitely start with a oh
And then the second number might be oh wow. It's a mad world
It's a mad sports world baby
I am Osama Deneden and whenever I am in Miami I listen to Nero Rogers for a tune out
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks
Is an old established rule about your
National brother to eat
National brother to eat
Lena horn and sheriff Clark are dancing cheek to cheek it
fun to you
Legize but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school
All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks hate all of your folks
It's American as apple pie but during
National brother week
National brother to eat
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very sheep
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims
Everybody hates the Jews
National brother to eat
National brother to eat kids
National everyone smile at one and other hood week be nice to people who are
In theory or to you. It's only four a week. So have no fear
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year
Well look at that dollar it's up to
16 points. Let's have a big big party in the streets
Now wait till you're this wait before that
What who was that original deep purple by that you were talking about
Hogan Carmichael
Okay, I'm still looking I think I think I could be wrong. No, and it was also that one by Billy Warden the dominoes
All right, that was great. I'm looking for every year. Well, saying the purple. I think
The platters are the racing start-ost
Hang on. Let me fire something off here
Fire it you're fired
Give it a yeah, give it a second
Oh my god
How much 40s craft to me. I don't know what it is
But it's what does that mean the name of it is deeper
That's it for really who is it party Sean Helen for us already
My god next to be playing already line
Wow
I don't have a date on this but oh they don't make them like that anymore. Thank god
Okay, now I want to ask you a question sure. I've always wondered this on my life
But it's almost too embarrassing to ask anybody
But I guess if you watch those movies from like the 30s and 40s mm-hmm
And you'll notice that the way people spoke
Women in particular
Was very affected you know, I mean by that yes
Is that how people really spoke that's is great. That's a very good question because that you know
Could have been just something they were doing for the movie obviously. Yeah, so I don't know
I'll have to ask some old guy that was alive in those days. Oh much older than me and if so
Like in Dracula Mina or Mina yeah, I'm pretty sure it was a dramatic melodrama. No
I don't think that's where they spoke nothing like me neither did they really wear those hats then to have a date with me
What kind of names of those me da and me na and I don't know
Foreign one of the parking spots I rented in this building was from a British lady. Her name was Mita
And she was looking at the parking meter
Yeah, that must have been it
And she's gone once she's gone. She's longer. I meant I had to go and rent another one from somebody else pain in the ass
Here's a guy that just oh
Although it does say ps great show last Thursday. I have two words for Rickshaw go to hell
That's three words
Jorge Hernandez
He says I heard you talk about watching the godfather movies this weekend
I'm probably one of the few people who has not seen godfather one and two. Yeah, you're the one why
I saw godfather three at a theater and hated it. Yeah, I'm afraid to waste another six hours of my life on the first two movies
I think you and I might have completely opposite taste in movies now wait when you hear this all right
You might slide a little bit off the edge of the chair. All right. Let me put my seat belt up
I
Think you and I might have completely opposite taste in movies are rented fatso and network based on your recommendations. It hated both of them
Cornish dolphin
How can you hate fatso or network and both?
I was going to suggest really frost my ass in fact
I was going to suggest that this person don't let number three, you know
Ruined the other two for you. No, if he hated network and fatso
He probably wouldn't like godfather one too, but yes his taste is in his toss
He says I just heard the stadium deal is done only three votes against the site too bad that tourist tax could have been used for
Edge humocation
Last night I went to eat at sweet tomatoes and pember pines and my kids saw two old ladies possibly from these century village brigade
Stuffing many muffins into their purses which had glad ziplock bags unreal
My kids felt sorry for them and said maybe they were poor
I told them they weren't taking the muffins because they're poor
They stole those muffins because they figure the world always them those muffins
At a boy or hey, you're right
First they start with a sweet and low they put all those people out of business
Pumper nicks and wolfies and all those other people they put them out of business and now they're working on everybody else
All you old this is a new generation of sweet and low Steelers
How do you like that? Mm-hmm see what I've told you years ago
I've remember saying it many many times and I've kept to my word
That's when I was in my 30s and 40s and I said no matter how old I live to be
I'm never going to be like those people and here I am a senior citizen officially 66 and no way do I go to early bird dinners
Do I steal a stuff off the table and restaurants no way not yet no chance
No chance in my pants
Your friend PR Ralph says lady fingers. Oh several people. Thank you. So lady fingers
Now is not what they use in making um tiramisu. I'm not sure. Yeah, okay. Ask our pony cheese
Lady fingers and whatever else they stick in her. Oh, man. It's good stuff. Mm-hmm
And PR Ralph says tell Ricky Tickey that a man in your position can afford to look ridiculous
Yeah, hey Ricky Tickey a man in my position can afford to look ridiculous
That's what what's his name said check waltz waltz
This is the business we have chosen I didn't ask
That man was mo green there's not even a plaque in that city with his name on it
He had an eye for the news though mo
momentarily
And I think it was just a coin a coin kidding that he put his glasses on to see who was coming in the door when he was getting massaged
I think they who wasn't that shot him
Which is what will he teachy? Yeah, that's right. I think it was awfully kind of willy to wait for motor put his glasses on so that he could see what was about
So we can see the bullet coming hey chance mo
It's a look at the chance to turn away like push with the shoe you know in Iraq check this out
Too dead people working you believe it's
I'm all you to the dead people now must have had a powerful show the first two hours. That's right. Just flew by
Now up 307
There's Suzanne Malvo Suzanne she that's one thing about bush. He actually said that there used to be Susan now you Suzanne or used to yes Suzanne Malvo
Talk about affected talk about fake
Scott and panelists parks as Jackie Gleason did a good instrumental of deep purple as well
Jackie Gleason didn't instrumental what did he play it on I don't know
He played the fat keys on the piano I have no idea
See you don't have no hokey Carmichael no one nobody knows about that because we don't have anybody that old
I'll keep looking. Well, we probably do but they don't have no computer
Book of Brian says it goes all the way back to the Glenn Miller days
Yeah, the forties like I said
Well, what about that when you play there by Arty Lang and the Howard Sternest forties if it was a minute. Yeah
You could tell by the the opening bridge there you did try to ask that idea. That's right. Wow
That's right. That's exactly correct. How come they don't do that no more because it sounds awful. Oh
Now that they have all this techno pop crap and all this I mean some of it was pretty good for a while there
How about that Brittany
How about I'm telling one thing she's got that hot guy in that video. I'll say this portion of the show brought to you by
Britney Spears but JJ. Oh, it's hanging out y'all
Oh
Well, I'm sure sad that I missed that concert. Paco said it was great sensational
They had seats right up right close by the stage like I think in the front row
Don't even ask how much they cost and I was up 314 points
People are starving to death and there are people spending fortunes on tickets to see some
Yeah, you marginally talented bitch what you want you are spending fortunes. Yeah, that's true
Well, that's okay. I mean, I make money. I got to spend it. I'm helping you know the economies of tourists man
People like me are still spreading around that cash
I think as far as my vacation time I'm starting this week's now
right
No, actually, it's been pretty good. We got off to a slow start there
But once thanks to Ricky Tiki for rekindling all that debate about those stupid phone calls
I think he was just looking to give me some material. There you go
I checked that was a big thing. He never re he never responded
He's one of those guys who gets on he gets on the my space thing once about every three four months probably
Like most people
All the most of my my space people they don't get on at all anymore. That's okay
Oh, here's an attachment the forwarded message follows and it's an attachment
And guess what I just did to it deleted did it yes, huh?
What part of that don't they understand? I don't open attachments. I don't click on links
I don't have the time to pochki around don't you get it?
That was up 32
order to make sure that
Families can get basic consumer loans
Auto loans you notice how they're trying desperately to make him a failure before he basically gets started
Immediately
Just like they did with Bubba. This is what the right wingers do man
From the minute they get in there in fact even before he got inaugurated. Oh, well he he's responsible for the failure and Tim Geithner did this and
Chris Dodd did that and Bubba I still don't understand it
Now they had a piece on date line last night. Do you see any of it?
No about the
About the housing bubble and about all these slippers that were getting these loans for that they knew
You just look at some of these people. There's no way they can make those mortgage payments. Right just look at him
Shleppers
So
709 votes on the pool. That's not bad
That is not bad. I think once they blew out Sid the kid across the street. That was a bad mistake as bad as he was
If they're gonna put on come and at you if they're gonna really do that
And I guess what they're doing is they're replacing him by committee. I don't you hate when they do stuff like that
I don't understand when they like audition people on the air and they try this one for a couple
They always that is such an admission. What are you what are you expecting real
Management
In this town
God this business is in the toilet, but in this market. It's got its own special
phone
So tanks a lot. That's what they do across street. They tank a lot
What is the worst thing about television that that's a crappy pool? I want to change it if I got another one on air to change
Let me send one air to change it. You think Eric is there. Yeah
I doubt it. Oh Willie Chi Chi did not shoot mo green
Chi Chi shot the guy to revolving door in New York. Oh, yeah, the junior. Oh
What oh, Kunio when that kuna who was who shot
Mo that doesn't sound right
Who shot that to bring it up? I thought it was Chi Chi
Who shot mo green?
That's the question. I bet you branded knows if anybody does maybe he's not to lunch
Anyway, let me let me pick a poll to replace this when I hate this poll
Ray says the main reason I stay with my husband is my wife or husband. Oh, that's a good one
The main reason I stay with my wife or husband is blank
I'm sure you'll find a choice on there
Excellent. Okay, Eric's got it
The worst thing about television today reality shows winning hands down
350 360 three votes over 51% of the vote reality shows my ass
Can you believe it
I'll tell you about all the reality shows you know what they share in common. There is no reality on any of them right?
Al niri
Neerie shot the in the novel. I'm verifying if they did it the same way in the movie
Well, of course they would why would they change that because they do things like that all the time not in the movie not in the godfather
I know that the zord even loves neo-rodgers
Hey
Oh
Yeah, oh
Oh
Oh
Yeah
Oh
Yeah
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
and his vajini was running back up to stairs he he bent down on one knee and shot good aim by the way yes I'm pretty sure I'm sure it was cheaty who remember he went and got a shave that's what I'm thinking and then he came and we need a second opinion we need to verify it yeah we need somebody to well I'm I'm telling you some one of our godfather experts Brandon or somebody will know who shot mo green I wasn't angry you're right
I didn't ask I said to myself this is the business we have chosen he was so damn good who was the actor again he's dead
least raspberry least raspberry right was he was he was he related to um Lee J Cab or Eddie Cobb corral and
gangus con on the outside here he comes Adam Oshmok in a kitchen waterloo says the chair you're sitting in could kill you
in an accident that can only be described as a freak of currency 14 year old boy in China was killed
on the chair he was sitting in exploded huh the accused chair I wonder if they're going to put the
chair on trial the accused here was one of those fancy types with a gas cylinder that's used to
adjust the height of the chair up and down right like this one really does that have a gas cylinder
yes does yes oh Georgia chair is going to blow up wow
plain nose dives into cemetery seven adults and seven children killed in can there was
not in Montana what the plain nose diving into the cemetery yes yes it was well you know you
could say it was convenient I mean that would be very insensitive to say that sure in this case
it seems that we'll give the chair when the cylinder exploded it sends shards of metal into the
boys yes oh the death was marked down as excessive bleeding from his wounds a similar
episode in China as well occurred in 2007 but a 68 year old man survived that exploding chair
beware the exploding chair oh look at that plane crash not good bounce at least twice on that
runway the beard to the left then exploded there the flight was coming in from China airport
officials say when sheer they have been a factor coming in from China all the bad things come
from China SARS bird flu exploding chairs it says in this story you might want to give that chair
you're sitting in a once over to see where it was made or at least put in for an exchange to be
on the safe side where do you think your chair was made probably China is it everything I got
to get a new chair this chair chair is like seven years old and I had to go and buy this and put
it all together because Bob Vermouth left me with an old green musty chair with arms on it I think
it's in my bedroom the most uncomfortable and I felt like I was sitting on the floor and I
practically was you know what I'm talking about those old chairs no with arms no yeah like an old
sofa chair like rolling chair or anything like that no just like a some living room chair exactly
that's the kind of chair he had sitting here Bob Vermouth okay how tragic kind of like the way he left
the situation in Amsterdam when he bailed out of there that Amsterdam engineer he would like to
kill Bob Vermouth have you ever seen him again in fact I'll tell you easier than that we would have
taken to another meal in an Amsterdam that would have done it we had that one meal oh it was so
delicious oh god the Dutch they're the Dutch ABC News Radio Anchorman found that George Weber
50 found in the apartment police suspect homicide veteran ABC Radio Newscaster George Weber did
hear him I didn't know has been found in his Brooklyn New York apartment what police believe
was a homicide police responded to a missing person call a 90 on Sunday found Weber 15 is a
apartment with a wound to his neck a wound to his neck emergency medical services responded to
the scene pronounced him dead an investigation into Weber's death is ongoing no rest of it made we
are shocked and deeply saddened by the death of our colleague and friend George Weber who is
the victim of what police have deemed a homicide as a human Brooklyn since Steve Jones VPN GM of ABC
News Radio an investigation has been launched by NYPD and we've been assisting them he added our
condolences and prayers go out to George's family and friends at this very difficult time
according to the New York Post there were no signs of forced entry into Weber's apartment police
source said the bathtub's spigot was running and neighbors said the apartment had been ransacked
the spigot was running what do you call me you think freeway was there if the spigot was running maybe
the saline took off on the freeway George Weber was the lifelong fan of radio Jones said in
the statement he was a consummate journalist successful radio career in New York at WABC Los Angeles
at where KTLK and KMPC San Francisco KGO radio which is a great station by the way and the Denver KOA
while in New York George was part of the highly successful Curtis and Kubi WABC Morning Show where
he remained until early 2008 it was then that he joined ABC News Radio as a freelance anchor his
last newscast was last Sunday March 15th and now he's dead Weber's blog was updated Friday morning
with a post detailing his past bouts with bedbugs and praising Mayor Bloomberg for creating a bedbugs
advisory council bedbugs now what's the difference between bedbugs and dust mites I'm not sure
but why not I got dust mites I don't know and man they make you itch and you you can't see them
and then you like boy you're a bedding you know you change the bedding and you're like you're washing or real hot
wash boiling water and then they come back you know they come back for more dust mites I think
they multiply faster than Chinese and maybe even faster than Muslims boy you talk about people to
multiply and and probably one of the reasons they put those burgers those things over the women's
faces because so probably a lot of them are so ugly that they wouldn't be able to keep up the
reproduction rate if they could see the face but when the woman's face is I think they go to bed
with a covering over their puts you know I wouldn't know oh but I never never done no Muslim chicks huh
no not lately oh you're the one you're the single neo-vogers well here we go again
oh
in India we like to drink so that that has some peace but now we got some funky stuff that's made
with bovine wheeze I'd like to teach the world to drink drink with the class of some cow pee
you'll never go back to drinking coke because cow urine's tasty
it's the beauty
it is mighty salty
yeah dive copy is really good 1232 at 560 WQAM the fake joebell says dust mites bite the feet
bedbugs bite the ass but he ought to know because if anybody's got a big target for those bedbugs
these lights are going out on my mic's thing here what thing is that they're flickering you know
my mic kind of bored oh yeah well the on-off lights tell me about it but I don't mind I mean so if I
don't know the mic is not what her insistent may nothing it'll just be way more interesting that way
Phil Arx is I see why you hate the herald oh he's finally coming around huh
been a 33 year hate affair between me and herald and I'm still on the air while the herald is
laying everybody off and etc and on the verge and he sends me a column that somebody else had sent me
the the puff piece about Ron and Paul that Glenn Garvin wrote I mean what a suck job that article is
just just pathetic Phil says read this piece of crap over the weekend on the herald
I for one will support Baba just because of reading this article he'll support Baba
I don't know who the reporter is but he's a major league ass-licker with very limited information
and tastes whatever calls it one of the most controversial and successful shows the market
over the past 20 years my asses Phil Arx the article is longer but this is the essence of this
piece yeah I got it already I already said I'm not promoting a Paul and old Ron okay I'm not
reading a whole big puff piece by Glenn Garvin PS he says John ZTR is overrated which means he might
be John ZTR cute yeah next cute overrated crank here's the other dead person over the weekend any
bow who dies at 78 blue singer pianist and songwriter bow penned the 1960 edit James hit my
dearest darling and I'm wise which was made famous by Little Richard when he renamed and
released in 1956 as slip and slide you got that little Richard slip and slide look at that up
there that much you got to the fruity a Rudy maybe you got to fight Pat Boone Pat Boone oh any
bow a New Orleans blue singer pianist to work with musicians such as Irma Thomas and Art Neville
died Wednesday of a heart attack according to his booking agent Karen Hamilton he was 78
Eddie Boe whose real name was Edwin Joseph Bocage was an accomplished keyboard pianist with a
career spanning more than five decades as a songwriter he penned the 1960 edit James hit my
dearest darling and I'm wise which was made famous by Little Richard at Slopper and Slide you got
it no no Bocage released more than 50 singles in his career including check Mr. Popeye in 1962 check
Mr. Popeye like what does that mean that was probably his biggest hits at friend of musician
Gregory Davis a trumpet player for the dirty dozen brass band that song kept him working a long time
he toured with singers earlier in his career with as Joe Turner Lloyd Price and the late Ruth Brown
Earl King but he spent most of his career with the Orleans musicians among them soul singer Thomas
R&B singer Robert Parker and singer keyboardist Neville the eldest of the Neville brothers
and it goes on and on it was born in New Orleans September 2019 30 and now he's dead
goes on about his home got missed by Katrina and Yadayah Yadayah and after the hurricane he also
recorded a version of the traditional New Orleans song when the Saints go marching in for our
New Orleans the CD that benefited habit for humanity's efforts to rebuild the Orleans of the Gulf Coast
when the Saints go marching in he's dead Eddie Bowel
just feel bad about that a little bit what about Bow Griffin how's she doing oh I haven't spoken
to her lately she's still alive how about her and Joe Castillo they still fighting and fudent
no no now when's the last time you spoke to Joe a few months ago that was of 331 311 yeah and
and nothing it was before that yeah it was before that gig didn't he get canceled or something
didn't we get canceled on that on XM or something like that or he did I don't know didn't we
get some news you read a story about that no no was the next summer was on across the street they
can't afford to carry a show that's it that's what it was they can't afford anything but they can
afford come at you seriously if he goes on in the morning I will kiss this microphone
I will get down on my hands and he's in kiss the edge of the aboard here well put some alcohol on it
oh my god can you imagine our could they they'd be that stupid yeah yeah yeah I got nobody else
yeah maybe they could bring me for over he could he could even do better than that 0.3
now won't that be something guaranteed if they put yeah that would come at you in the morning
there'll be two sports shows in morning drive that both start with a even if the me foe goes to 940
which I doubt he is happy over there at 640 me foe mr insecure him and Greg Budeau who's the most
insecure 0.3 and the jerks I'm sure can do a 0.1 or worse he could do a number that starts with a minus
well we've we've unwrapped we are trying to unravel a real mystery here we've discovered one
Kathy says Willie Chi Chi killed a guy in a revolving door that was Kunio okay wasn't it
all right
I'm not saying I know I'm saying I don't think the guy who pops from a greener or faces the camera
that is not correct we know who it is who is it no no in the movie they show him they might not
show him while he's shooting him sure they do they don't I don't know Willie Chi Chi you've ever
had that maniacal look in his eyes so he might so yeah the revolving door thing sure why not but
we just don't know Kunio or Strangelo we still don't know who shot Mo who shot Mo
from your mouth to God's ass who did Mo great I think God has an ass now that's something to think
about he wanted a man and he created man his own image right he must have an ass and I wonder if
God ever has wild bad diarrhea only if he wants to oh he's God after all Rob says Neil I don't
normally normally eat ice cream but since listening to your show I've been buying more and more
oh yeah blame it on me and here comes the question of the century in your opinion who is the top
what is the top flavor I should try and by whom do you think I'm gonna be spawn of that
I'm not gonna do it how do I know what this person likes you know I mean I could say fish
food by Ben and Jerry's Rocky Road man Rocky Road by just by the way I love that right I'll tell you
what you call it who's the 33 flavors asking Robbins bastard Robbins makes a great Rocky Road
yeah they do you can't go wrong with Rocky Road with some nice hot fudge on it whip cream a little
marasino cherry and be sure and drink all the juice out of the marasino cherry jar after you've
know even all the cherries that's right to be a real pig just drink that juice like water
God here's one that says I don't believe in God but I believe in ghosts to you oh yeah
and if I could read you the name that this person made up I can't do it
it's funny but I can't read it here's one that says I watch the ruins on HBO the other day
it was a little too gory for my taste it's gory I also found a little confusing about who was the
jury who was German who was Greek not that it made much difference I guess it was the ridiculously
fake accents that's true me I also caught the movie the skeleton key on USA Network you see that
never heard of it no I thought it was pretty scary it was more of a suspense mystery horror movie
with a surprise ending but the most disturbing movie I've seen years was the story of Ed Gahn on
the ifc channel oh Ed Gahn yeah now which mass murder was he um he was the lotion in the basket
yeah he he would skin his victims make skin suits things like this was a fact-based movie about
the infamous serial killer Ed Gahn he was the inspiration for Buffalo Bill Norman Bates and the
Texas chainsaw massacre they stuck to the actual facts of the story oh this is Cliff and Kendall
in addition they were able to portray what Ed Gahn was thinking at the time based on the 30 years of
psychological evaluations he had been given while locked up in the loony bin I don't scare easily but
I had nightmares for three days after watching that movie very significant I think it was a
Ed Gahn is the name of the movie the story of Ed Gahn we're talking about the same movie yeah uh yeah
it'll creep you out well let me ask you how you being Ed Gahn so he was Buffalo Bill huh yes wait
you know what I haven't played in a long time yes no you know yes do you yes I'll find it if I can
find it what is a Buffalo Bill I don't know and when you come right down to it okay who's gonna
get Ricky a blow this is Debbie hi Debbie I'm interested in getting some operations done okay and
some body contouring and some liposuction uh-huh and I was wondering if you get some tummy talk
and lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery facelift all of these things uh-huh
and I was wondering boys like steroids well I I need to get everything done probably the first
thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast implants
though uh I can't be done but I don't know what they would do right what the lotion in the basket
how much uh five thousand excellent I'd like to have my skin resurface too
laser surgery have the lambs stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby it puts
the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV okay can you make me look
more like a woman well we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you we can tell you
that when we see you should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy uh if you'd like to
it puts the lotion in the basket or should I to make an appointment yes okay um there is a
hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay um my name is Buffalo Bill okay let me get
information from you okay it puts the lotion in the basket I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
do you want to come in for a consultation it puts the lotion in the basket okay do you
would you like to make an appointment or do you want to call me back okay puts the lotion in the basket
I got my skin suit and you're probably like oh Bill it puts the lotion in the basket
I understand that what you like it puts the lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment it puts
the lotion in the basket okay I will talk to you in the time okay it puts the lotion in the basket hello
goodbye oh here's one from Stephen Alexander who says uh just as expected you don't read any
you don't actually read any emails which oppose your view and actually prove you wrong such as what
what such as what what email that's at the end of it then it's it I expect a list of examples
after that or not a list how about one such as now let's see getting back to um chuck and Chicago finally
a resurfaces here I guess he got tired of me calling him a chronic which he was don't think it's
clear who killed Mowgreen the guy they just showed the guys back when he opens the door and
moped with some glasses cheat he killed Kunio in the revolving door right clemenza killed
strachi in the elevator right and I often wonder how how did clemenza when he pressed the button for
the elevator how did he know that they were going to be in there at that moment uh listen if we're
gonna stop on that because he also ran up all that stairs too yeah that is he was we need the exercise
surprise he rock when somebody else killed tataglia and the woman in his hotel but nearly killed
by zini even in the script they just say a gunman kills mowgreen how do you like that a gunman huh to
be named later thanks chuck okay change the pool who shot yeah you know what it read uh pull emails
of this area such as what give me a for instance give me an example steven fake uh email her
so I changed the pool and we need to add to this new one don't have one wife for uh spouse whatever
doing it now good what's the worst thing about tv today 750 three votes reality shows 383
poker shows 64 cable news 61 I don't watch tv 52 yeah sure lack of quality game shows like the old days
36 daytime talk shows 28 entertainment shows 28 too many channels 27 nothing wrong with tv 23 the
sitcom is 23 god of a suck the dramas and all their spin-offs like law and order in csi 16 not
enough channels 12 yeah I want a cable I got only 800 and some odd channels here
fact maybe it's I don't know let me you want me to see let me go to channel one and back and
and then back up no for crying out loud I never go well the channel one is the um
998 is the lobby watch channel you can see who's coming and going in the lobby although it's not
working right now there's no no picture lobby watch channel is out so I've got 990 channels
not enough channels I have no idea what's on so that would be a good thing to do some weekend
although a lot of the channels are music red baron premium blonde logger the clear choice in the
easy rock line 97.3 today's new easy rock this is zero Henry on your 80s lunch 870
0.970 three the number will be giving away YouTube tape to YouTube tickets all we've
won on the 80s lunch and now let's go to the phones I see you're up really want to hear today
group of four is Pika Kalaada oh escape the Pila Kalaudasong the last number one song of the 1970s
and the first number one song in the 80s yes it is and it's on the 80s lunch have a great day thank you
oh is there anybody in the world who hates that song more than I do that's just a horrible song do you
we could have a contest about it so uh Frado is having a couple of drinks with Michael there at that
outdoor a place in Evanna yeah we're them shoes he's got up on the chair propped up there
sitting like it and he says how do you say banana dockery and he says a banana deckery yeah
yeah that Prado what a genius huh he was a cut up I'm a smart not like people say
the main reason I stay with my wife or husband is this is the new pool we got 13 votes already
I don't have one three I really enjoy his or her company too we're best friends too for the kids too
I'm long gone baby one that's a good question one I need a place to live one
haha great cook one and none yet for everything is in his or her name I can't afford to leave his or her
income great sex none for great sex of course that doesn't necessarily mean with them but you know
right in your case right that was up 311 aren't you impressed yeah why not that's because you don't
have any stock what whatever happened it was little um did Lee stocks you had there for why I
quit while I was ahead good good think yeah and well how are they now that's gone I got out of that
no I don't mean that but I mean how hard the I know I haven't checked that stuff in a long time
why not come on imagine oh no out of sight now to mine and thank goodness I'm googling
Mo Green gets shot in the eye again good luck with that I googled it every which way I ask the
question every way I could think of and and nothing a lot of references to it but nobody you know
it's it's it's supposed to symbolize yeah yeah it's not a lot of conversation a lot of discussion a
lot of forums it seems to be very significant this is on some chat thing I don't think Mo Green
getting shot in the eye symbolizes anything I think it was just a gruesome way of killing him
the shot through the eyes based on the killing of a real life mobster in the mid 40s bugs
he's seagull when he got killed he was shot no he was not shot through the eye was shot in a head
who is not shot to the uh the wikipedia has a whole thing on that he was shot several times
in the head in the back of the head one of the shots went out through his eye oh went out
to the front of the eye yeah wow I wonder which hurts more going out come out I don't know the
picture the distinction is subtle bugs he's seagull of course he was you know hymen Roth was uh
myrlandsky and and uh would mo green was bugs he's seagull right would you think about that
24 votes I were just read it on the new pool while I'm getting a little little ahead of myself
George was a fantastic radio man for wabc says uh somebody hairy he had a perfect voice for
news was very entertaining word on the street was that oh no apparently his murderer was an angry
lover says you fairy boys know what I'm talking about woohoo from Brooklyn says hairy how do you
like that in other words he was a a angry a boyfriend shot him and killed him no here Steve
Rott and eros is I think Sally or Rick shot mo green that's good very good oh here we go Steven
Alexander is back he starts this one how are you doing Neil so in other words maybe this is what
I was supposed to read before that I didn't read and I just got it you think it's possible
and he sends it twice just to make sure well after the break we're going to read it twice
maybe we'll read it all the way to one o'clock
it's the one to do our
hey we're watching the game they need another five points to come to the spread
may the best woman's win now here's how to win and it's easy I believe i'm gonna win
in a truck time you maybe you'll see the real fun
you and the obvious crowd
know the final floor is going down
and you're hoping you're that's not one to grab the cash and clean the pool
well I guess as you win Mula you did good for yourself
well some you'll start just think now
and picking random could be why
grappling experts is my tell you it's better to go and choose the option or just guess
that might be smarter how it's worth a try
you ain't done anything and work yet
you're too busy filming brackets out when much madness comes around
no more pulling around I gotta get back to work
what's wrong with you get busy
one o'one and five six to to show you what a bunch of malcontents we got out there
the Stephen Alexander guy he I already had his previous email in my pile and I was going to get to it
oh you didn't get to it fast enough put that that's right that's why he assumes automatically
oh you won't read it because and so he sends it to me two more times well good read it three times
that now total and when you hear it it's just oh somebody says mama can't it's also same be
purple well good for her have another sandwich honey wow collect them all
so Stephen his original email was south Florida fishing in joebell how you doing Neil
couple of days ago you had joebell on the air for a few seconds I was pleasantly surprised because
the man who came on the radio that day was a complete opposite of the vile beast that you've
been portraying for years not only did he sound like an ice guy but he sounded humbled too and
something to say he sounded scared too scared of you just wondering if anybody else in the
audience picked up the same thing I did for years now I've been theorizing that you see things
your way but this immense it I see things my way is that doesn't everybody see things their way
that's lost on my check if you're alive you see things your way I don't say things your way Stephen
because I don't know you and I don't really care I'll give you another example my biggest
right for you is a listener I disagree with your hate for south Florida you can complain about
whatever you want you have that right but I don't think you get what south Florida is about it's
like if someone goes to see the godfather and then complaints there in enough explosions
when George told you last week that some people went to Florida to fish you were confused about
it because I think in your mind you can't understand that someone would spend their time fishing
yes some people love fishing my my hate to break the news to you Steve but my father was in a
fishing tackle business enough state in New York on candidate will ache and we used to go fishing
all the time we had a boat used to go fishing all the time oh no it's a great hobby and
requires skill Florida's a piece of land surrounded by water why not go fishing I don't want that's
why I don't want to not my idea of sticking a hook in the in the water and waiting till some fish
comes along and bites on it and it goes down into its throat and in addition to which I don't eat
fish anyway so I should I want to go fishing your perception of reality is just wrong I bet nine
out of ten people would agree with me rather fish instead of gambling like you or so in other
words if I don't agree with what I want to do with my spare time that makes me a bad person
we all have to go step in line with Stephen and of course that that line about for years now
I've been theorizing that you see things your way but this immense it first of all Job Bell is a
fat ass miserable person okay whose main goal in life is to make everybody else as miserable as he is
I hope you read this because if you have a legitimate response I'll listen but when you when
people ask you why Florida is what it is you just say it sucks it does suck the shopping here is
great yeah we took a poll on that today shopping at one vote everything is great the weather is great
I love it here you don't need to go shopping in Rome like you claim downtown Miami has it all
nowadays the best shops the best food the best of the best you prove that merely inhabiting a place
doesn't mean that you have lived there well guess what I lived there for almost 30 years and I don't
like it it's got a lot of natural beauty it has a lot of attributes but the people like you Steven
tell me what I should think and what I should do if you enjoy fishing gags into your head have
a wonderful time so fish your brains out yes you like it yeah just checking checking what if you
liked it no and because I don't like it therefore that makes me a bad guy or whatever makes me I don't
know glad you understand good and here's another malcontent really I'm sure yeah hate for Muslims
question mark this has got to be a make believe sure Baydar Madani at life in slow motion oh
dear neo-rogers I've never listened to your show except for a brief moment last week I wanted to
let you know how much you are offending people like me it was on 31909 a person which I consider
to defend till now was giving me a ride somewhere in your station was on the radio you were talking
about certain things which I will not even repeat here because my mouth is not as dirty as yours
I didn't have a problem with anything I was hearing until you started saying something about
gas prices and oil that's when the name Carling started you mentioned the word towel head around
five times and less than the 10 seconds I don't say towel head I said rag head I don't say towel head
I am a Muslim and take great offense to this when you take great offense to everything no doubt
even cartoons even my friend felt uncomfortable with me in the car and listening to the
filth that was coming out of the radio I'm a Muslim and maybe that isn't a big portion of your
audience because there's so few of us here in Florida but why offend an entire people like that
and obviously you have no sense of humor either my Muslim friend fake this is fake this is probably
what's his name john ZTR probably and once sentence you offended our religion and our race if you
don't know it's a turban not a towel as you call it when you say things like that it shows ignorance
and complete disregard for other cultures you know what's sad and a few months I've lived in the
west have encountered very little racism people sometimes stare but that's expected no one that
was called me by any names so I found it said that my encounter with racism happened by listening
to the radio you don't know the kind of harm you're doing to people when you get on the radio you
also call black people the end word I hope not maybe it's okay to make fun of me because so
few people will complain I will never understand people like you I hope you realize the words you
put out there heard by real people who are hurt by them yeah real people with no sense of humor if
you're for real which I doubt as for my friend if someone listens to a program that supports racism
and hate for others I don't know how we can continue our friendship but I'd rather know who my
true friends are I hope you read this letter and realize how your words have power and my ex-friend
tells me this is standard fare on your show his ex-friend
or here's Stephen Alexanderigan hi how you doing the oh I just read that
you know I get that all the time people send me an email and of course during the course of the day
I build up a fairly sizable pile here if I can say that and I get to them when I can and the
earlier they come in the later they usually get read because they go to the bottom of the pile
Jack says the you're right and you know the people here in South Florida are the rudest anywhere
well I don't know about anywhere but they sure are rude and crude unfriendly nasty angry hot style
that I was up to at a 97 point and if you love it I and then I got these people to keep sending
me all these pictures you know of brickle and all and great it's not going to change my mind
it's kind of like I have to come around to their point if you in love all of what South
Florida is becoming or whatever it is or or else I love it here I like the people I don't like
the weather in a winter time but the winter is basically over nothing is perfect I don't like
the driving here it sucks but I enjoy it I like the restaurants I just like the whole ambiance I
like where I live and that's it I think that makes a lot of people very unhappy sure that's
rather because there's an old saying that I think it fits South Florida to a tea misery loves company
right so if I don't want to be down there and share the misery I was there long enough believe me a
long long time a long time and there are a lot of the people who are there I don't want to mention
George by name who wish they could get out who if they could afford to would be gone tomorrow
if they suddenly had a sack full of money yep gone tomorrow I'd certainly snow birded a little bit
yeah but I wouldn't like live here all the time you'd snow bird it yeah
I think you see things as you see them what kind of a sentence was that what are you saying
idiotic you see things the way you see them like yeah that's right we only two
I don't even even know green saw things through his own eyes until one of those shot out
by who we don't know he suspected this for years though and now he's on to me
because he heard Joe Bell say three or four Joe was busy eating okay we didn't have like a conversation
he was busy eating
shopping up our food on Thursday uninvited by the way
well I told Dr. just bring in the whole building they brought a tray of stone crabs in here well
you said it told us Joe Bell not Joe Bell not show what not show cheese not show mama
Julio Robina the mayor of Hiley says I love Bubba count me on the Bubba bandwagon I listen to
him while I sit in the morning pomato traffic H I am he he you listen to him no no Julio is a real
jackass the mayor of Hiley now what are they going to have dog in the dog and pony show at Hiley
there you go donkeys maybe maybe you can get the paco to write a donkey at Hiley
pretty with a good writing ass I'm sure that oh Adam says do you wash your turban bro
you wash your turban I do wonder about that I'm sure they do like any other piece of laundry how do
you know that I don't know but I'm gonna like presume and do they have like designer
a turbans like for certain days of the week like more with his hair pieces I've seen different colors
so maybe that is also the kind and I got news for there's more Islamic people in my building
right here than in all of South Florida guaranteed and they reproduce like rabbits anti-Semite
yeah walking around with a string full of kids behind mama with the berk on and she's all
got one in the oven perpetually there's always one in the oven maybe the like nice people okay I
don't like suicide bombers I don't like extremists I don't like people who try to push their crap
whether it's a farbidden Catholics or Orthodox Jews or suicide bombing Muslims I don't like that
here's one from Sergeant stretchy pants I just wanted to say thank you to all the newspapers and
TV stations that hyped up good old Mikey Phelps all they did was encourage me to keep smoking the
gonger baby if he can smoke and win gold medals well GD it'll be okay or I'll be okay
says Sergeant stretchy pants one of your crowd I don't wear stretchy pants one of your
hot smoking degenerates oh check out my photos on Facebook says somebody delete delete
delete only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
that's a movie here everybody needs a fear especially me you fairly
not a good idea to appear like the missing queen yay
burning essentially a teasing what the breeders fear by pretending that I'm not a queer no one will ever know
that I'm a homo they'll just say he's married you know
holding back my passion for sports to now and then
oh
faking I like women for then watching men
I've got a bit right inside I'm dying live in a life that nobody's buying now I gotta live a life
and act apart but if then that can be hard
I don't have the balls to admit I'd play
tin ball you're fairly I don't have the balls to admit I'd play tin ball
oh door door door door I don't have the balls to admit I'd play tin ball
y'all I just don't have the balls to admit I'd play tin ball
that was up to you hundred and thirty six point oh let's have a big bash what do you say
all right I was speaking of bash here's one from morning train fake email and it says you know what
the saddest part is of having blocked me you lost the best emailer and contributor you ever had
you'll never have my ears ever again George go to hell it's your fault new lie had this falling
this time is for real I may never come back this is either from mr radio or rooster tutu or
who knows what you remember rooster chuchu explain the name that that is what morning train means
is rooster chuchu and a pretty name rooster crows in the morning a chuchu was a train morning train
rooster chuchu wow he explained that you and Shilah Holmes what he explained it you read the email
well I don't pay much attention to his crap I don't pay any and it's still I remember that morning
train rooster chuchu well goodbye get lost I'm going away I'm going away no he's going to go away
make morning train my ass get lost chronic complainer always the same garbage you know
here's one it says I don't understand if the tamaltigers are recognized as a terrorist group
by the Canadian government why do they allow their supporters to demonstrate openly when they allow
a al-Qaeda supporters demonstrate openly probably yes probably yes probably not certain groups
like what you call it in Afghanistan yeah like a Taliban and I can stand because it's
killing too many Canadian soldiers so you know that gets him pissed off although they keep sending more
and more of them over there to get butchered but nevertheless yeah see this this emailer doesn't
understand the Canadian government loves terrorists my camp driver's always talking about that
that if you're like a clean cut clean shaven upstanding a looking person and you come through
immigration here all we're gonna grill you and give us 40 pieces of idea but if you look like
you've got a suicide bomb taped your ass oh come on in welcome to Canada a yeah how's it going a
welcome to Canada go out and demonstrate in the streets and disrupt traffic and screw up the city
they never met a terrorist they didn't like here
Chester Copperpot aka Jason says happy Monday to you and George
I bought some blue bill ice cream this weekend it was on sale at public so I took the plunge
I never had it before but I had heard all the hype I got the neopolitan oh what a horrible
choice not an elotrocklet in strawberry I figured that way I'd be able to try three flavors with one
purchase I was not impressed although it was fairly smooth and creamy and had good flavor and nice
pieces of strawberry definitely not a mechanical category of hogging days the one thing I was really
surprised about when I read the ingredient list it contained high fructose corn syrup and
corn syrup solids no real sugar I hope I killed some good time for you I know your fat Jewish
loves food talk and I'm sure Paco infested your place with fleas Mexicans are notorious for being
covered in them Chester Copperpot yeah sure and chickens pee too how sad yep and especially
what's his name morning train whatever how did you figure that out I mean they explained it in an
email and you read anybody could put the do with such deductive forces to work see so you must have
been listening to his crap I was reading it but not was listening to you yeah sunny oh but it was his
crap right Bob and Kate crosses oh this is good I was a listener back in the 90s and moved to
Ford Myers back then your show was not so political what happened when's the last time we talked about
politics on his show politics still loving the others we should stick to what's funny like comedy
so Bob and Kate Coral must be a right wing not job or something yeah do the show his way
what yeah that's right here's another guy with show instruction critique yadda yadda just wish
you'd do it this way I'll do it whatever to help I want Bob Kate Coral My ass probably a
Bluenos redneck right we are on speaking a redneck I'm gonna tell you I decided last night
that beyond the shadow of doubt there's one type of individual who offends me more than anything
and anybody else in the world you know what that is I get on that movie American history X
skinheads the fat skinhead friend the real big fat yeah yeah now that was unacceptable yeah he was
just unacceptable on every level am I right oh yeah oh yeah what I meant to say was
Bill says why not just screen of calls wasn't that George's job originally says Bill
because when you screen a calls it's the same people putting somebody else on the phone for them
and then when we put them on hold I'm your friend it's it doesn't do any good so Bill must be
buddies with the Joe Bell in addition to which you're not gonna have the capacity to screen
the calls anyway right can you do it now I don't think so no we don't have the technical ability to
do that anymore we used to the full dot pushing for the calls I'm not taking calls it's already
124 we only have 35 minutes left in the show today and I got plenty of stuff piled up here we
were doing this fine just so you were straight on it the phone is connected now it's over there I
could rearrange some furniture pull it around here and and possibly possibly in my work possible
and that news today we're gonna have when you move down the street I mean God only knows what
you're gonna be living there only knows yeah because they're cutting back and cutting back and
small and and I think they're gonna make uh that lawyers words come true off Neil has to do the show
from a telephone in Bousseau B it were paying him a lot of guilt what was his name Alan Fertel
Alan Fertel the Jew from hell he was pathetic he was just all the way out to any one thing he
was great compared to what we got now now we got Joyce Popeye Genko look what I got
I'm sorry I didn't mean that mommy a little dinner it's Sunday blah blah blah
mommy a little dinner chicken catch a toy she was making there's something to him
I beg your pardon Tom Hagen yeah
Popeye Genko look what I got and then when Michael put him in charge after the attempt on Michael's
life and uh Tom Hagen tells Rocco fish him out and Rocco says where's Mike and he says Rocco
right Rocco he was good Tom Hagen that's because it's Robert Duval he's good and everything yep
one of the 10 greatest actors of all time so are you doubt about that? No what are you
here's one that says we need to know by the way the meeting is underway that it count he has
started at one o'clock they're blah blah blah blah blah that'll go on for hours we need new
stadium for what nobody goes to the Marlon games nobody's got any money plus the ticket price will
be a lot higher than they are now for a third rate team I don't think so if they had chicken fights
that'll attract more people God help us is Tony you're right Tony you're right but date
county's gonna take it where they always take it back down deep in there and grow Neil if you
hear what I'm waiting as you see KS
the stimulus package oh mama says we need there's nothing more than fork and more
political greed saving banks that tank from their bad policy there's more than 50 ways to waste
our money or then 50 ways to waste our money here's billions for sex 50 million to fund
our cash for green technology sounds boasting me one billion for census don't make sense to us you
let's philosophy yes man you're kidding me huh one thirty one at five sixty w two
I'm so the question of the century is who shot more green maybe we'll never know right
here's a really brilliant one it says high-neil in George instead of being a chronic I would rather
be a programming director here's how to save QAM 6 to 10 AM George 10 to 2 Neil and 2 to 6 Randy
Rhodes love the show keep up the great work Ron from Bokeh PS to his WFTL's call
understand for fascist talk leader just wondering just wondering oh yeah how sad Ron very sad
jacks is I like when you call turbines headgear no headgear isn't just turbines it's like
Yamacos and all the headgear the world is a battle of headgear Catholics with their beanies
juzica their beanies yeah and then those kosher weenies so here's the Stephen Alexander who I'm sure
is John ZTR reputtle sound Florida see the the here's here's how you tell John ZTR's characters
they're all ridiculously over the top yeah that's funny because he sent an email telling people
how to write the fake ones and said don't be over the top yeah but he does he always is all all the
ones he wrote before about how can we register our complaints if you don't take any calls don't you
remember those yep I'll just ask an iron ridiculous on the on the face of them well so fake Steven
says why can't you give South Florida chance you're the only one who says Florida sucks while
everybody loves it see you did you just smell John ZTR and I yes I'm the only one who says Florida
sucks doesn't that make your question if you're not wrong millions can't be wrong and about
fishing you said it sucks it doesn't I suppose it's better to gamble and hope you win a lot of money
this is a pattern with you at work for example you just sit there putting in no effort and expect
to be paid oh I do get paid big money I just know this that I don't know who you aren't ashamed
practically begging listeners to send oh why you aren't ashamed practically begging listeners to
send emails every day maybe you actually fear having to do work I guess you can't expect someone
to change their views after such a long time now I'm gonna change my views just to agree with you
use that's John ZTR guaranteed bet your life on it all ridiculous all over the top all just
outrageous all geared for the same response but you're a good one Marisa says here's another shot at
me some days they're all taking shots of you today it's me they spread it around Marisa says when
is your next vacation when will George be on again and to Neil well who is the first part to
I guess to me no via you any ice cream is good who said you're the ultimate authority on ice cream
I don't know I never said it no you were like a kid in the neighborhood who used to make fun of
anyone who bought the value line seven gallon buckets the value line seven gallon bucket did
you ever hear such a thing that sounds a little dated I don't know yeah I don't know what you're
talking about Marisa neither is anybody else in either do you but have a wonderful life have a nice day
carne says what the hell is wrong with these people I can't believe the world has made it this
far man listeners Neil and George offer a point of view that is friggin entertainment great entertainment
nothing more a format that people like David Letterman others with shows copy and admire that's
right letterman copies this show you bet only differences other shows don't let us participate so
why the hate people stop wasting time bickering and sniveling about the bad in these emails it's the
same hate ass point of view you have in your regular lives it's the same thing that makes your lives
miserable don't you hear George sighing into the microphone come up with something clever share a
joke or recipe a recipe or a joke oh my god carne be inspired and motivating go ahead give it a
try the world could sure use it at this point go ahead eat your eat your apricot seeds bitches
ccarnie boy and talk about bitter hot style or apricot seeds bitter
wow rudy says I always find it funny when Muslims get offended by comments that you make
in regard to their race Muslims are possibly the people on the slope with the driest sense of
humor why should we even bother to understand them as they in their corane states that we are all
infidels what muzzle muzzle and other fanatics seem to realize not to realize is that religion is
the one thing through our history to bring the most amount of hate and responsible for the most
amount of death I think we've all a little bit of hatred in us so in essence we all are a little
racist having said that have you ever heard a muslim leader speak openly against terrorism
have you ever seen a muslim make an effort to have any other person of a different race or religion
understand their beliefs the million dollar question is it true that not every Muslim is a
ugly rag they walk around with how do you like that rudy says every terrorist is a Muslim how do you
like that yeah I don't think that's the case but no no well that's what rudy says and yeah I have
every terrorist how about the Tamil tigers are they Muslims right I have a Muslim leaders speak out
yeah well rudy is a bigot need is not admitted you know he is what the other fake emailer was
accusing me of being I would like nice muslims if ever made any I'm sure maybe right in this
building there might be some maybe there's some very hot young muslims in the building who'd like to
become friendly I don't know yeah well I see like a woodbush see huh do a search search a what
muslims no thanks oh the fake Steve Rodinero is back oh this is hysterical see I'm going
backward this is I get to the bottom of the pile these are the ones that came in first well you
should put the fresh ones underneath well I don't well what's the business of making none there's this
baby crap about oh yeah I don't read it right away I noticed that the fake Steve in there John's
ETR didn't even this is another tip off anybody would have said you know apologize for a bitching
about not reading it because I didn't get to it right away if you don't get to it right away they
send it a second time and a third time which means either I'm going to read it later on or I'm
not going to read it all how do you like that you can send it a hundred times go right ahead go
ahead yeah and maybe I will and maybe I won't that's the beauty of the emails as opposed to I'm
your friend and isn't it amazing we're going to get through yet another day it's 138 already I got
plenty of crap here we're going to get through yet another day without any of those awful calls
Bob and Kate Coral please send your home address so we can to so we can personally physically
thank you for complaining that Niel is too political on his show oh this is too Bob and
Kate Coral apparently is not enough to the right wing corporate media controls what Americans can
read watching here now you want to shut down Niel as well okay just relax he's a group fallen
Kate Coral what do you expect there's a whole bunch of stuff on here here's one that's just go ahead
Matthews we news contact at msnbc the deal is for at least four years financial terms
were not disclosed and neither side would confirm whether msnbc had won a reduction salary from the
host as it been reported to be seeking previous reports put his annual salary to about five million
oh my god the audiences for hardball are growing in February mr. Matthews headed viewers from
the same month in the election year to 660 in thousand from five thirty one for his five pm show
and the eight hundred and seventy one thousand from six ninety nine for the repeated seven
how is this possible as gb stunned and bokeh that comes out to over five bucks per viewer well whatever
comes out to he's he's wrecked in the big bucks because he talks politics
here's one would George leave you the host seven ninety in the morning if given the opportunity
and if yes would you consider it to be trail yeah George is going to do a morning show on seven ninety
aren't you yeah starting tomorrow john ztr says i guarantee i'm not that fake i you just read on the
year to restart clock was a fake but was subtle and you never suspected it i don't make them outrageous
anymore since john ztr picking up my good friends oh here's to restart clock
yeah that's my comment on all the
oh you you're a fluridians dumb as dirt you know retirement just wasn't my style so i
began working nights now here's your janitor in the soul office building just to keep busy i guess
because of the pays blow room and one wage but anyway okay there's the big cheese now big how you
doing tonight hey we're good later again how are you doing you have it a pretty tough knife
yeah yeah good night night you're gonna watch it and watch the game tonight yeah we're
across the street free pizza beer night over there i'm pretty tough day if i just watch the game
with the fellows over at the bar oh yeah well i'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio
here to antennas kind of shaking i'm thinking of extreme color TV over there it's best picture
of my big screen color great picture i heard it is watch your life to be there when you know i got
all my work done and oh really you're all done yeah you're supposed maybe i could well i'll
tell you what uh maybe i can i got my BMW in the garage i got a bluipoodnik radio and then i can
pick up the you can drive anything no no uh till i'll give my car keys why don't you clean out my
car i got a wicked stand in the back seat yeah i've got some stuff in the trunk you clean it up with
us signly and i'll be back in about two hours and i'll maybe i'll bring you a piece of pizza okay dad
well that was the thanks a lot i hear my keys and be careful not to scratch the car now i'll be
back in about two hours two hours yeah i got one more watch you're not gonna bring why you
ungrateful you asked or said you were worth was exactly someone you can't be my son nobody's that
ungrateful you'd rather i'll take your staying BMW and run that mother right into the damn river
you know nothing gets someone's attention like a good spring of world famous pig face this
message brought to you by the national cursing foundation and remember our motto go for yourself
146 142 at 560 wqam how do we make it all the way through with no calls today wow i don't
well it's the first time of the show bickering like an old married couple that's what
Teresa says and of course isn't it interesting that john's et r just admitted
messed up for the second time to bring Teresa which we now know all my neal please help me if you can
i turned off my radio i'm having trouble finding your station again i tuned in and heard only static
in my old age i forget the station number please help if you were your sidekick can't help me
i'll call 9-11 and see if they can send an officer down here to help me out thank you so much
please play more canadian music it's what this old heart needs
yeah pretty weak john's et r very weak
in a week yeah and transparently fake barber and sunrise whose for real says
i looked at the book to godfather coined the book mo green was killed by al niri
i think al is the same guy that kills frito have a good one guys is barber and sunrise
well thanks barber but we already knew that al niri killed him in the book but not in the movie
right because in the movie al niri kills baudzini and since this was all happening
happening simultaneously while the baptism was going on he couldn't have been in two places at
the same time that's correct but al niri did kill frito he went fishing frito but nevertheless
i guess whatever find out who killed mo green i'm gonna have to watch it again i guess
i don't know why because we've already had to confirm you don't see the person you just see
somebody approaching maybe you'll recognize the back of his head or his ear
yeah that might be something maybe it was that bodyguard that real creepy bodyguard that michael had
right in havana he didn't do too good the bodyguard he got like
hello didn't do too good black in the shots
didn't soak up the bullet and then the same thing with the assassin the guy that shot
uh heim and roth right my lucky thought he was gonna get away i mean what was that a suicide
mission i guess so see it ain't just the muslims it do suicide uh oh the fake steve rodden arrow by
the way is mr radio you want to know how you know okay this came in it earlier today good morning
meal i want to let you know about a compelling story i'm gonna be covering in terrano
do you know anybody else in the human race uses the word compelling besides mr radio no no
just that's what we make fun of it i'll be traveling up to terrata to cover our local under 18
boys ice hockey team they're playing in a tournament anyways what i'm excited about is a seminar
hosted by don cherry he'll be talking hockey oh what a surprise also on the panel are some former
maple leaf players mark a zborn bill berg windal clerk and davel it i was wondering if you'd like to
accompany me on this seminar could use your help with the your vast hockey knowledge the seminar
takes place april third sorry i'm busy april third or by the other day perhaps you can recommend
a nice steakhouse your fair city has to offer no i can't and in closing bob sopers hoping you
can make it to the reunion picnic april 18th signed steve rodden arrow no can do fake steve
that's mr radio um-hmm
overings up all these people from the distant past that nobody remembers nobody cares about
that's mr radio in other words i have no life oh and here's the fake time jick i remember i was
asking friday about paul isle who he was and right out of sight of the one of us new the name could
not remember who he was well the fake time jickus says you asked who was paul isle paul isle was
known as the nice guy in south florida he did mid days at w i d before you were hired after that he
worked at fourteen hundred wf t all the light bulb with bob gordon mic Roberts alis rantell g
michael mk k trade-warthing alis night and jiff alan wolf this was before the steve came days he
then became president of the talk america radio networks and was gm at root eighty one radio in
corning new york wow did he make it bigger what now wait wait for you what he's doing now
all right paul is now president of the national association of radio talk show host and is heard on
w g sm radio in melville new york
even i never heard of melville new york no want to google it okay where the hell is it how many
people live there i heard him and melville new york whoo and last but not least this came in them
this morning from shan in hollywood should poll shan yes dear uncle nila i'm officially turning
in my mouse pad i'm no longer have meaningful material to offer the near roger show
after that guys ran about mega mom and the preemies of disaster a few weeks ago my material
crumbles to dust i have an important meeting tomorrow i pray to christ it is remarks about
crotch fruit and clown car will not jump into my memory right in the middle of my pitch to the committee
by the way i always thought the hottest thing about jessica bill was her incredible sexy over bite
glamour actresses rarely had the best but these are usually reserved for soap stars hooded girls
and the girls on the boflex commercials but my friend and gods and we're watching i now
pronounce you chuck and lary the other night now normally i'd rather see my own obituary than an
walk by the tv there was jessica bill in her broad panties in a great pose
jesus age christ on rubber crutches harassed with make dr. fanutes fine tuts to fine twish say
how do they do that fine twish it was with a herculean effort i resisted the urge to engage in a frenzied
act of self pollution on the spot now i know what the credits mean by a key grip
i would walk from here to cover city studios and jessica bills broad panties just to get a glimpse
of jessica bill in her broad panties says shan i'm officially turning in my mouse pad
now is he fun enough or what i don't know oh here's one ask Georgia if he knows what was in the
briefcase the movie called fiction that's original you know all right i didn't mean to sigh like that
you're not surprised with mayonnaise right oh talk about a state of mind yeah that movie all
you like it don't you like parts of it we have that conversation there's some scenes i like
some scenes scenes that make me double over an agony and want to puke and like oh here we go here's
the answer to the question who killed malgreens somebody says it was the big big go
i'm laughing on the inside i'm saving that one for later the okay
whatever happened to ira america tom jica sends oh i'll say that for tomorrow
believe me there's no urgency with that here's one i've won eighty trillion dollars in the uh
Nigerian lottery here's one that says thought you'd like to see this on vanity fair.com click
here to see the link and uh click i did click i deleted it right away let me say let me ask you
in for the last time what part of don't send me links or attachments don't you understand
oh yeah it's day in Miami town
okay okay okay five six oh wq a
absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is rambo four and five
how are you John rambo still alive i want to make movies four and five my life and going great plan
to hollywood's broke unfortunately i speak like i had a stroke first blood came in 82 that's
when i heard my penis and it never ever grew rambo two was an 85 late uh rambo three was in 88
sure and two is my god i did not make this movie with my son
did you ever say cheers and rocky five in daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what i
i gotta get a load from the power of creed i gotta have another movie or a Broadway show like
the movie i guess nobody ever saw coplan it was too good i guess i understand my whole life is
about to come in oh i got left this gentleman flag up ladies and gentlemen i need to make rambo
five
take it out so call me up i really need a script i can do die a long walk keep it zip the like
comedy action adventure and drama that the only thing i will not do is have sex with a llama so give
me a break for goodness sake i used to be an upper now i can't get on rickie lake right now i
got a one-man show and put a Pepsi basically i'm an unemployed gypsy a little bit of cash is what
i mean i gotta get a load from the power of creed i gotta have another movie or a Broadway show like
better he's i guess nobody ever saw coplan it was stupid so i understand
my whole life is about to come in oh i got left this gentleman flag up ladies and gentlemen
i need to make rambo for it
fire
i got a hot heart absolutely bye bye bye
