The views are stressful, I'll be surprised.
Oh, lines low.
Those are the posts, guests, and columns.
And do not reflect those of the views you've had.
Fine, hold on.
It's doubt that advertisers or agencies
are hearing this thing to sound slow to sports day.
Five seconds.
The boys that we're going to show how they have this morning.
This one.
Who?
What?
Across the street.
Where?
Five, six, eight, WQAM.
Proofs at.
The Neil Rogers.
Where's the highly-tell-to-de-worm morning show?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, and eight, and rowing.
In other counties, cold toll-free.
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil.
Four pound, five, six, eight, and eight, and eight, and eight, and four.
Look out the spine point are coming.
Five, six, eight, his guests, or his collars, do not represent those of WQAM.
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Now, the Neil Rogers show.
On five, six, eight, WQAM.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Because of stars, I don't go out at all.
I spend all day indoors.
Because I don't want to die from stars.
Because of stars, I bought a surgical mask.
I look like Michael Jackson.
But it's better than catching stars.
Because of stars, every time I know it runs, I call my doctor.
And he tells me I don't have stars.
I'm dying over here.
Because of stars, I cry all the time.
Now my throat's kinda raw.
Oh my god, does that mean I have stars?
Oh yeah, the spine flu is coming.
Baby, we're all gonna be dead soon.
I'm dying over here.
10-0-2-5-60-WQAM.
The only reason I'm even here today.
Yeah.
Rexall, cofacist.
Okay.
Rubble coff drops.
Now, ordinarily, I'm one of those people that doesn't buy generic store brands.
You know, like, like, records, um, save your life pills or anything like that.
Right.
But I just looked at these and it's got all kinds of herbal stuff in it.
With no, no, um, what'd you call it?
Crap.
Sorbitol?
No crap.
And I, cause yesterday morning, I couldn't speak a lick.
I couldn't lick it.
I couldn't speak it.
I was like, ah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I got these and these are great.
And I've been sucking on these for two days and let's now grade our son.
Wow.
I mean, the flu part, that part is going.
I mean, I did have, and maybe still do have like a touch of the flu.
Not the, that one.
No fever, no pucing.
Bind flu.
The Shryron flu.
There's Dr. Sange Gupta with his face mask in Mexico City.
A recommending mask on top.
A million of these have been made available here in Mexico City.
They're starting to, I think one of the solutions is everybody stopped going to Mexico.
Save your life in more ways than one.
People getting butchered going there.
And now we got the spine-honed flu.
It's a good diversion.
I'll tell you that.
You know what I mean?
From.
From the fact that everybody's got to work and nobody can get anything.
Oh, I thought that's what the draft was.
The NFL draft, that's a good diversion from everything.
You better not start mocking the draft, Mr.
You're going to be in deep doodoo.
Well, speaking of deep doodoo, Norma can't call me last night.
He's got his big meeting with Joe Bell today.
Yeah.
That ought to be, talk about a meeting of the minds.
Wow.
So the fake Tom Jickey is all breathless about the big O and Jimmy Cifalidic getting into it over the weekend.
I'm surprised that maybe there was nobody listening to that wall to wall draft coverage.
Either that or maybe we got nobody listening to us.
We'll find out on Thursday when the book comes out.
The book is out Thursday.
Aren't you excited?
Yes, I am.
And we still don't have any resolution.
In fact, I shouldn't mention this to normal last night, but he's useless about when the ratings are every month.
You know when that new measurement that we can't mention on the year starts.
Right.
The PP measurement.
Mm-hmm.
I think that's what the big O does when I go to that NFL combine.
They do the PP measurement.
Who measures up?
Yeah.
So the fake Tom Jickey writes, subject Jimmy Cifalis and big O on the year spat.
During Saturday's draft, Jimmy Cifalidic decided to had managed to big O on the year.
I think I sounded better on Friday than I do today, didn't I?
About the same.
Was it?
Remember you sounded better as the day went on.
Yesterday I sounded great after I started to suckin' on these coffees and drops.
And I thought, well, I'm out of the woods and the eye stuff stopped.
My pink eye is gone.
Good.
And my snot is all pretty much dried up.
Jimmy took exception to Orlando bringing up personal character issues with the dolphins number one pick Von D Davis.
It turned into an on the year yelling match when Jimmy further had managed Orlando for talking over him and quipped,
don't shout over me, I'll shout right back.
I'm one of the best screamers, trust me.
You're fair.
Oh, he's a screamer, I'll write it, Jimmy.
Orlando's come back.
At least they don't work for the team.
Don't wear a dress and carry pink pom-poms.
It was shocking, says the fake Tom Jickey.
Tom follows it up with this.
Joe Rose says big O got too carried away.
Earlier he said WQM should remove Orlando from the show and he belongs with DA and Captain Curtis.
Rose Maddison Cifalus seemed annoyed by Orlando during the broadcast.
Well, why wouldn't they be annoyed by him?
Rock solid.
Is everybody else annoyed by him?
I'm not.
I'm not either because I don't have nothing to do with him.
Well, that's pretty interesting and I'm really surprised there's only one from the fake Tom Jickey.
And where's the news about who did the mornings across the street this morning?
I'll go ask somebody in the hall.
Yeah, go ask somebody who might know about it.
Yeah.
I can't believe that he didn't come running in there.
Oh, the AP needed again.
Steve White or whatever his name is.
Is that his name?
Oh, yeah, I guess.
God.
Oh, Adam O Schmuck.
You were sick last week.
Paco and his people are Mexican.
Don't die.
Well, Paco has been in Mexico in five years.
So I really don't think he's carrying the Spine-Hon-Flu.
Paco and his people are Mexican.
That's right. All Mexicans are unclean.
Stay away.
You're an idiot, Adam.
Stay in Kitchener Waterloo.
Please.
Ah, now's down 48 points.
But all they're talking about is the...
Difficult for a lot of people living here on the beach.
Spine-Hon-Flu.
Remember the bird flu?
They got everybody all whipped up about that?
Yep.
And in China, all those filthy turkeys and chickens and stuff.
Ducks.
Here's the pool from the weekend.
This pool went over like Halava in Goi-Haven.
It just didn't work.
It was a bad pool.
The family member, I least everyone to see again,
or have anything to do with it in another life is...
704 votes is all we got.
Because they're very premise of another life.
How you're going to see somebody in another life when you have no eyes
and no brain and no heart and no blood?
Huh?
All of these four kids, Ethan.
X's. X's.
Spouse.
201.
Wins hands down your pants.
In laws 90.
Cousin 63.
Father 54.
Brother 42.
Uncle 36.
A pet 31.
Sister 31.
An aunt or aunt 30.
Oh, aunt Tilly said the aunt.
Aunt My S.
Stepmother 29.
Spouse 25.
Mother 24.
A grandparent 18.
Stepfather 14.
Step sister 9.
And step brother 7.
Pretty weak.
Pritzie, pretty weak.
So who did mornings over there this morning?
I don't know.
Well, what's going on?
I don't know.
But I'm just going to go out on the stage.
I'm actually a flea comes running in there.
It says, oh, the PD did it again.
Maybe he's busy.
He's only got five jobs.
He's going to be having six when he takes your job.
Right.
Rest assured.
Though, Norma can't scotch her back.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Oh, yeah.
Steve White was on again this morning.
Armando, Armando, Silgeura,
into it on the year it got pretty ugly. Wow! It got pretty ugly. How come we're not
getting a thousand spirie ports about that? We had an on-the-year brawl this weekend
during a big day of coverage. A bruha ha. I think that at least that's some
excitement. Yeah. More exciting than all this other crap that's going on. They
should have promoted. I might have even tuned in for that. Yeah. I would have
listened to it. I had a coming in taped it. We could have played it over and over
it. Over again would have been a lot of fun.
Schfinleun flu baby that's all they're talking about.
Hospitals can now ratchet up its testing. Hospitals also know that if somebody
does test positive for influenza A, they'll send you down to the CDC which is a
Now we're on to and we know that Neal's got the Schfinleun flu keeping there.
I might have to stay here if that package doesn't show up. I got more more
stress, more different things going on and none of them turn out well. You know
what I mean? Yeah. I mean eventually they do but it just too much damn stress.
Stress kills especially when you're in old diabetes. Not good. And the amount of
stuff that I got from the email over the whole weekend. I guess they were all
glued to the draft when you think. Oh yeah exactly. Well let me mention one
other sports thing. Ranges. Ranges to talk about folding and choking. Oh my
God. That lung fist. You couldn't stop a bullying ball roll from 50,000 feet
away by a dead Thurman Munson. Thurman Gibson or Thurman Munson. How about you
were glued to the Stanley Cup playoffs? Oh yeah. I didn't. I mean you know you
don't you don't care about the draft. You don't care about the Stanley Cup to
play off. No. Kind of a guy are you a busy guy? Are you busy? Yes. I know a lot
of people who are busy. Anyways 10 past 10 a Q and what's the schedule look like
today? Well we got the big old back. Brock solid. Two to four you can call him up
and say gee what about you and Jimmy Cifalidic? Jimmy managed four to seven
dolphin tonight seven to wait when radius all across our floor to go into the
opposition and then eight to eleven D a tries to follow that. Good luck D a you'll
leave it when he getting screwed over. Any minute now I'm out.
Neon God. I'm making me some more chamomile tea.
Is there the help? Oh right. Oh can't hurt.
One day in Tuesday she is going to the TV and she consists of one to one's
personalities frankly the whole thing is this boring as can be.
If I don't watch some then I won't get none. He makes me watch dancing with the stars.
He makes me watch dancing with the stars. I'd rather be with my friends at the bar.
Oh that's it. Hey what more do you want? Well I'm just getting ready to toss out the tea bag.
Oh it's a tea bag party and they all got the Shfin Hunt flu.
One moment please. Sure.
You know you said it best waxing and waning that's how these things go.
Yep when you have this crud it fakes you out you think oh it's all gone.
No wait come in the morning I'll be a hundred percent and guess what? No.
Like you said it was just regrouping. It was regrouping.
Yeah. Look at these. Whoa.
Orlando was sitting here's a picture of photo from the draft the show
and the big one was sitting next to a Jimmy Cifilliti. Jimmy look at her.
She's looking like an old lady Jimmy Cifilliti with that looks like a white wig.
Oh my god. You got to be Schmidt and me. Anyway that's not too interesting.
Here's the poll which of these people would make you vomit and hurl the fastest if you saw them
shirtless in a speedo. What do you think it's a little bit long that poll question?
Yeah but whatever. 365 vote. Rush Limbaugh 144. Hank Goldberg the Humber
53. Mancorder 31. Jim DeFetus he got my vote. Me too.
I mean he made me gag and want to vomit with his clothes on.
I mean let's be honest now. Oh my god. We got some fat asses on this poll here but nothing
comes close to that. Jim DeFetus 28 votes should have a million. Larry King 24. Barney Fag 15.
Michael Moore 15. Don I'm a 11. William the refrigerator Perry. He's ill and
nine. I can't imagine why. Moe Howard David nine. Wayne Heisenga 7. Old Pockmark.
Ellen DeGenerate 7. You know I saw about two minutes by accident or show on Friday I think.
Yeah you're still here. And he's like Rachel Maddow used to be. Although I guess Rachel
finally they forced her to put on some makeup. What is it with these pasty dikes who don't want
to wear any makeup? I think that answers itself doesn't it? They want to look like pasty dikes.
Most men don't want to wear any makeup. Most of us. Oh. Al sunshine six. When I was down
there I saw Al sunshine waving his ham hocks and and it looks like somebody put a bicycle pump
at the back of his neck and blew his head up. His head he looks like the Humper now. It's very
red. His head is as big as tanks. He's red faced. What is it? He's red faced. Yeah.
Howard Spurm 5. Dave Game 5. Anybody remember him? And Kimba Bocaper none.
No votes for the Kimba Meister. He's too boring. I really have my doubts I'm going to make it
till two o'clock today. What do you think? I think you will. You think I will? I think you're
a singer better. Is that what you're trying to say? You better. I think that T will uh you're
drinking the tea right now. Listen. I think it'll clear your head right up. God that's hot. Oh.
You won't do anything. It'll feel good. Oh it's good stuff.
Cammy me. I put some splendid in there. This blend is about like 10 years old.
Sound splendid. It is. Well you got to sweeten the tea. You can't drink like regular straight tea. Oh
No it's got to be a little gay. I should I should afford you to do that picture of Jimmy
Sirphilitic into the big O. Jimmy is looking like an old lady with a bad white piece.
Hey Jimmy. You're fair. Wow. She's looking bad. Maybe it was that wine business to win
stuff. So what did Henry Barrow have to say about a boot, about a beat? He was just checking in
saying hi. Say hi to you. Well how come he doesn't send me a thing? He sends it to you. What
am I? Chop liver? Maybe he doesn't think you care to hear from him. Well why not? I don't know.
I'll tell him. Hey Henry send me on the way because his buddies with Jimmy Sirphilitic is that
is that good enough reason? I don't know. Maybe he didn't want to bother you.
Let me ask you something. How many packages, letters, parcels a year do you think that the
average post office loses like US post, Canada post? Thousands. Yeah. And what do you do then?
You go after yourself. Is that it? Pretty much. Not good. No. But you know what I'm not going to
good. Randy's back beginning today. Yeah here's a bulletin like we don't know about this.
Following the pig man of average. He's not back today. What are you talking about? She's on
May 11th I think she starts again. Who sent me this crap? Die? Yeah die die. Ain't no.
W-Y-O-D is not going to put her on. So if you want to hear her when the show starts which I think
is May 11th on premiere, you'll have to listen to the stream. Okay. Okay. I'm going to print these out.
Because my glasses are filthy and I can't read them. Here's another picture. Why do I want all
these pictures very jackass? Mandate and Joe Rose and this one and that one. I've seen them before.
Okay. Although the one of Jimmy Cifilis was really revealing. God. She looking bad. I mean I know we
all get old and gray but Jesus. God. His hair is like shocking white. How come it is that some
people their hair turns gray and some people their hair turns pure white? I don't know. One of those
things. I'm all having you ever wondered about that. Not for long. Something to worry about.
As you know. It should be my big problem. I inherited this trait from my mother glueman
do milling. And so every time something is a miss like this missing package you know.
That I've been tracking and it says it was delivered and it's nowhere to be found in this milling.
I just freak out. Sure. Loom and doom. Sure. Especially something like that.
Oh, so in other words you don't think I'm overreacting. No. Oh well. Let's not go into it.
Case or I'll survive. Life goes on. Race is now I'm sorry I actually did things this weekend instead
of keeping my ear to the radio all weekend to the draft coverage. If your crash crew of assistants
could dig up a tape at the on their squabble between big Owen Jimmy that would be quite entertaining.
However if you're going to do that I suggest to be done soon because certainly any minute now.
Fat ass Jolly do will forbid the playing of the tip on the ear. No he won't. As Mo would say I'm listening.
I mean other than certain comedy bits has they've ever prohibited the playing of any
tip or any bizarre thing on the ear. Not that I can recall. That is pretty good. No plus a fat
ass Jolly Joe he's busy with Norma Cantoday. They're doing it. They're having their big meat.
PR Ralph says I was driving around working and I put it on just in time. He is correct and Joe Rose
was also going at it with the big O and mad dog was quite as a church mouse.
If you want it it was during the 7 p.m. time you can hear it. They were arguing about a draft pick
as who cares so it says so syphilis is a screamer. Yes so Jimmy comes on and says I'm a screamer.
How do you like that? You're fair. Wow. I think that would be front page news in the
Herald and the Scum Sentinel. Not in this market though. Not in this horse ball town. They
got Ethan Skolnik who's worried that nobody's talking about how his ball movement smell real bad.
Mike says are you doing a Kentucky Derby show this week hope you feel better. Thanks Mike.
Yeah we are Thursday. Are you going to set it up with Dave for Thursday? I will calm today
because Friday I ain't going to be here. I think I'll call and stick right now and just take the whole week off.
Slacker drink a lot of tea. What? I said how's it going? No you didn't. You said slacker.
Might have said something like that. Yeah. This thing just knocks the crap out. Yeah and it's not the
spine-hunt flu either but I think it is a you know just an ordinary pedestrian flu.
And since this is flu season can you imagine how many zillions of people are just going to have
the regular flu or a bad cooling of the oh I'm dying I got the spine-hunt flu. Can you imagine?
A couple? Thousands.
Cousillions. Oh they're taking this spine flu precautions in China.
Yeah they're washing off the dog before they cook it. Well that's good that's a step up.
One thing about the Chinese moneman very very very antiseptically clean. Not
not. God. The stuff that they do and the stuff that they eat. Now why is that? Is it a cultural thing?
I don't know the Japanese are meticulous to a far. Really? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. What does that mean?
They don't stop washing themselves or anything over the course of the day. They're just washing it
continuously. Oh be damned and cleaning it. Oh they got that big Pacific Ocean there. They can just jump right in it.
Here's one that says Rich Waltz blows. Hey Neil have you ever heard Rich Waltz call a ball game?
I'm the one who said he sounds like a little kid. There's not what I've always said about him
the guy that does the Marlins. Oh speaking of the Marlins how they doing oh not so good. Ranges.
Marlins have lost six in a row and they don't just lose anymore like yesterday it was 13 to two
and nobody shows up no matter who they're playing. Nobody shows up now. They're like what? Not even 20
games in the season already everybody's given up. Oh they got that new stadium coming in a couple
of years. We'll wait till then. Call us when it's ready. Isn't that how it works? Call us when it's
ready next to the party starts. Yeah that's right. Call me when the party started. That's right.
He made his bowels while Michael was banging cheerleaders and then they changed it to dating
cheerleaders in the in the expircated version. I got a spy report by the way. Yes. Darryl sent an
email out to all the producers saying to talk to him before playing any part of the argument because
there was a part that he didn't want on the air. I'm part saying what? Okay I don't know. You're
up to my level of information. So how do you like that? I was wrong they are. Panicky about playing
that it was on the air. Probably the part where somebody said something about the dolphins. I'm just
guessing and know what they panic about around here. No. No. Yes I don't know. If you don't have your
tongue way out there they get all panicky. Have you ever heard Rich Walls call a ball game it says he's
without a doubt the worst broadcaster of any kind ever heard. It's like a 10 year old boy is talking
with absolutely no knowledge of the game. The A-hole geek David Samson should remove him now it says.
He's not removing anybody. They probably love him. He's right up there alley Sally. Rich Walls
another another Bush league make believe broadcaster. Oh it's a high fly ball. I don't have enough
voice to be imitating anybody. So who the hell am I to talk. Preest I'm going to start sounding like
guilty. Here's somebody who went to the draft party I'm going to print this out. I'm putting
Brandon says that my way to work today I saw this guy writing a bike wearing a mask. I suppose he's
worried that the air blowing in his face while he was writing had the virus. That's right. That's in
the air everywhere. There's something in the air baby. Oh be Arthur dropped it. I thought I saw that
on the news and I looked and my good buddy Baws Florida who sends me all the orbits he hasn't
sent me nothing. Be Arthur croaked. Yep. Am I right? Yeah they were you you energizing her all weekend
in this morning. Well not all weekend I think all weekend this yesterday is when um is when I
thought I didn't when didn't we missed a break? Not yet we didn't. We could.
New at GM the groundbreaking bankruptcy zero percent finance deal of a lifetime. Get a sleek new
2009 GM car for zero percent financing pay for only three months then our credit department will
be wiped clean along with your debt and the car will be yours to keep the new GM bankruptcy zero
percent finance deal. We're all going under so lose the ethics and come grab some great
inventory last. All right 1034 to 560 WQMC how much better I sound from this chemical T. Yeah you
do. Do I really? Yeah. Well now I got a headache. Oh great I'm going back to bed. Be Arthur
dead at 86 Kenny grammar sent this to me. I'll tell you one thing man this audience is very very
I think they're all buying their face masks. Don't you think that's where they might be? Sure
and now that they're seated on TV everybody and their brother's going to run out and get a face mask
they're going to be running the street screaming. I'm dying over here. From the Shfinnehunt flu.
Pretty weak on these emails this morning. Very bad start especially when I got no voice. This is
what they do to me. If they were nice which they're not but if they were nice I'd have like a thousand
emails on there. Oh yeah Steve from Vegas says even though Brian Murray that idiot say where he
went is too small a goal in three assists the Marlins were the TBS National Game yesterday they
announced the crowd of 20,000 Jamie Moore made them look foolish with that 60 mile an hour heater.
60 miles an hour you could roll it that fast. But anyway yeah Ray went to the Razor.
What was the final score of that game they were had two nothing when I went to bed. Carolina nothing
will be finer than the winning Carolina. It appears that Israel wants to make the swine flu kosher
says can't hope you get over the tail end of your flu. Oh this is a long they got the reby there he's
got the stethoscope. He's got four pounds of kiski in his pocket. Oh he must smell really bad by
now. Deputy health minister says another Israeli who returned from Mexico Sunday admitted
it was admitted after 17 signs of deadly flu. They urged reporters to refer to virus as the
Mexican flu rather than the swine flu. Health officials says we have enough pills to treat
millions. Well thank god for that. Let's everybody get a mask and get some pills.
Anything that's a good plan. Great. I'll start with the pills. Get some pills. I've already got
six. That's your as hell old enough for that old bitch. I never liked her to be honest with you.
No you don't like anybody. Now she always to me she was typecast. She was always mod you know right
which was not a very pleasant character. No by design I imagine. Right right but I'm just saying
every time I saw her I thought of her in that role and thought oh there's mod. Golden girl star
B Arthur died this morning. Lays she was 86. It says this is actually a bit of a shock.
Not that 86 is young but she always seemed healthy and spry even in the last few years doing her
stage show and guest starring on various TV shows and endless specials. Who wrote this crap Bob
Sasson. The other day I listed my favorite TV shows of all time and I really should have
included the golden roles on the list. He said boy he must not must not watch much TV for TV writer.
Yeah. Oh this was a consistently funny clever entertaining sitcom. Golden girls. Do you want to
watch that show? Excuse me are you telling me? A classic reading spawning a lot of one great
lineers and situations. It was also reading ground for some writers and producers who'd become famous
for other projects including Mark Cherry and Mitchell Hurwitz. It's still a very special show to me
says Bob I used to find myself up at one a.m. watching several episodes on lifetime. Oh talk about
I have no line. That's no matlock or murder she wrote but you know it's still got its moments.
I'm murder she wrote. Oh besides the golden girls how they start in mod Dave's world. I mean he
puts mod in here like an afterthought studio one crafty v theater sees her's hour and great
performances. She also had a memorable guest rule on Malcolm in the middle as doy's babysitter.
Mod. She's dead 86 that's old enough. I think 66 is old enough. I just want to tell you.
If this thing would just like go you ever have a clue in the like settled in your throat you know
what that means. Yeah. That's what this one's done. It's settled in my throat. It's
recent. Not so bad unless you have to talk for living. Then it's annoying. Did you find the clip
there? I have a clip I'm auditioning it now to see if this is the one. If we have a more
exact time from any of the good people in the audience. Well your friend PR Ralph said it was seven
o'clock Saturday. Now now let me ask you this. He am I guess I'm guessing. Okay. He's knowing
nothing about this. Let me ask you this. How come clearance didn't send you the same thing
else so that if we play it he's not going to come back saying oh well I told you blah blah blah
he didn't tell us anything. I guess we're allowed. That's why I didn't get it. No I guess we don't
count. Right. So. Schmuck. So here we go. So that's where we are. At the NFL draft. The
golf. I don't I don't know if this is the segment that I have. I really hear it. That's just
as well because I don't know if this is the segment that I'm going to come going you want to just
play it. Coming up. I'll listen to the 7 p.m. You're talking over and how the hell are you going to
hear it? Hey stop talking over me. I can see it out of the newspaper. Let's see it number 56.
Is there a next pick? If I can go? Yes. Yeah. 44. I'm sorry. 44. 24. Then 50. So it'd be very
boring if this was in the segment. Was the trade for Jason Taylor with a washed and redskins.
So that all of them have already filled the need. Getting a quarter back in Illinois.
Defensive back of Vonte Davis. And when you look at the rest. They don't start fighting in.
And now I'm going to follow her. You can easily see why why we decided to go with a quarter back.
Davis. The selection and just the second quarter back pick. Oh, taken in this. Yes. Yes.
Remember Jimmy you got to deal with Randy and T.O. Four times a year. Right. You need some
corners. Well, you also have West Walker and you've got Evans as well. So you've got
I'm just saying those big, big receivers that you have to deal with. Yeah, but you've got to be
able to cover into the problem. I always see with the ring when they like to spread you out.
And if you've got to dedicate three or four people outside. They're like more made side.
And they just beat you up. Oh, it's talented enough that he can even play. I'll tell you what,
why don't you listen to it on audition while we do the break. That's kind of about what I bet it was you.
Why?
As you see.
Hi everybody. It's Britney Spears with an all-new blog update. So my new song is doing well.
In fact, let me turn on the radio here to see if it's on. All right. That was Britney Spears
with her new number one song. Five of the charts with a bullet. I got it with this. Good.
Thank you for a gallon. They're f***ing aggit outs. Whether it's sports coming up there.
Wow. I have another number one song. Awesome. Oh, excuse me. Hello.
Britney, hey, what's up?
I have something I want to tell you. What?
You know what? Your reception is bad. It sounds like you said my tushy is fine.
Hang it out. Call me back when you got better reception. Okay?
Oh, right. Oh, you know what would be fun? I'm going to open up another internet window
and look myself up on Google Earth. Let's see. Top in my address.
Wow. There I am sitting on my patio. Cool. It looks like my f*** hanging out again.
Well, I guess it's time for another round of clothes shop in.
TTYL. Yeah, TTYT. 1046, 14 before 11 and 560 WQAM. So what did you find?
Nothing yet. Keep getting conflicting reports about what time. So at this point,
I've got about an hour's worth of show to fast forward through. But more importantly than that.
Joe Bell wants to know why you're taking Friday off. And I said, I don't know the actual reason.
So I'd ask. I'm asking personal day. Okay. In lieu of all the Jewish holidays that I don't take off.
Okay. Personal travel day. Got it. I got it. What did he say to you? He didn't
he sent me in here to find out. And I think the question was why is Neil taking Friday off?
And the answer is you just you just gave it. I didn't know.
Rudy says why syphilis is a WQM during the draft broadcast? Does he still work for the rival station
WIOD? That's what I was asking last week. That's a very good question. Rudy, it's a better question
than why is Neil taking off Friday? See remember what I told you last week about being sick?
And this week a couple days sick. Yep. And knowing ahead of time that I was going to have to take off
on Friday. And I knew it wouldn't be long. Oh, he's missing too much time. What's going on with me?
I told you. I'm going to start docking your pay. Yeah. It's going to have a minus in front of a pretty
soon. So why is Jimmy syphilis on our broadcast? That's a good question. Yeah, he's on the day he does
the dolphin game on his station. But shouldn't that be sufficient? Couldn't he just do the play by
playing the dolphin games? And that would be enough intrusion on our airwaves since he works for
the enemy. But like we said last week when it's the sports fraternity man, they all huddle together
and that's just the way it works. Oh, here's one from Jimmy syphilis. You ready? I couldn't be right
here. I had many monitor you this morning and heard your disparaging remarks about me. I'm sick
and tired of the unpro- it's a stick and tired. I'm sick and tired of the unprofessionalism at WQA.
I'm with you George and Orlando Al sequerry especially Orlando had no business bringing in you
into about someone's private life on the air. He has never played the game. No, it's nothing other
than what others tell him. He is not a professional. And I refuse to do another broadcast with him.
Believe me, the organization is well aware of this. Jimmy the organization is well aware of this.
Sounds pretty hostile to me. And that night's course it's not from him. It's from Jimmy syphilis. Right.
Little hostility brewing there. And then this is what happens when you get a guy who's not part of
our family. He's not part of the dysfunctional WQM family. Michael says went to the draft party.
What a collection of geeks losers and reprobates. And that was just a QM staff. Just kidding.
Just kidding. He says there was some guy who looked like he was homeless standing right in front of the
stage. He had on a marino jersey that looked like it was from Danny's
rookie season. The numbers were all but worn off. I was wondering which collar he was listening
in West Palm. Michael. Collection of geeks losers and retro bates. How do you like that? I think he's
exaggerating a little bit. No.
You know that's one thing I'll say about IOD. Well there are many things I could say about that.
But like when I had my vacations you don't many a time. Especially when I'd be going
to Europe and things like that. Thinking of myself like a little extra time. Remember I would
take off the previous Friday. Right. And then the whole following week. And they never said a word.
Well a lot of things were different than and there. Oh yeah. Like they cared about rating there.
Here we've got this era of hostility. And Joe Bell wants to know this and Joe Bell can kiss my
fat pimply ass. How do you like that? I'm here can barely speak. I'm drinking tea sucking up
cough drops like they're going out of style. And this mother scratching fat ass wants to know why I'm
yeah I'm still here. I think the fact that Norma can't is there today is going to stir up a whole
oh yeah I can just see that. Yeah. One I can just see that meeting. Well have you
lost right now? Oh yeah. Like he always does. Uh huh. Has Norma done a hell of a job for you? Oh yeah.
I mean I hear that contract of yours is absolutely. Oh yeah nothing to do with it.
Who? Norm. He didn't? No. Well maybe that's why you got it. Maybe. And maybe that's why it's so weak
and one sided. Uh the contracts that he did have anything to do with we're also weak and one sided.
Sure. Well what do you expect? Who people that can't stand you negotiating your future it's just a wonderful thing.
Are you saying that Norma can't doesn't like you? He doesn't like me but the feelings mutual so it's all right. How do you know that?
I can see what it is to me. Are you kidding me? Yeah. No.
Wow. What do we have to base that assumption on? That I took a shot at him on the air and he went all ape crap though like years ago as if I forgot.
I've had a lot of things happening in my life. I didn't say anything that wasn't true. It's just you know.
Larry King the fake Larry King says get you me syphilis off Q. A. M. Koma inducing bring back bills in for.
Sounds like a good idea. Larry. It's not going to happen though. The sports fraternity they're affected. They're joined into hip.
And even if they weren't they sure as hell ain't going to say nothing about each other. Are they? No.
You'll notice it and of course Jimmy must resent the big O because the big O never played the game. The jocks I'm sure resent any non-jock broadcasters.
See once upon a time there were like great sports casters.
And now they're just dumb ex jocks who are semi literate, incoherent, boring, ponderous, weak, embarrassing, humiliating, degrading like that.
And then every now and then we get a broadcasters ruin in there who for whatever reason maybe a little bit lacklustrid to.
So South Florida syndrome. So now are you telling me that we're going to have a concert times about whether I'm going to be here or not on Friday.
I don't know what we're going to have. Ask Norm. No, I'm not going to talk to Norm again. I had a call from him last night. Once once every six months is more than enough.
Ask Norm.
Police think they've nabbed the butt bandit. Police have arrested a man suspected of leaving greasy graphic imprints on the windows of stores, churches and schools in a small Nebraska town.
A 35 year old man was caught in the act by police early Wednesday morning. Cherry County attorney Eric Scott said Friday.
The man hasn't been charged yet, but a 30's believe he's the vandal. Some townsfolk have dubbed the butt bandit.
Beginning in spring of 2007, a mystery vandal visited businesses at night pressing his naked behind. Sometimes his groin sometimes both fractured on windows.
The marks were made with lotion or petroleum jelly and while police at earlier worried the copycat criminals were getting involved in scots that they now believe it's the activate loan deviant.
This isn't normal behavior for Valentine Nebraska. Scott said it's an embarrassment for the hardworking people who live here.
The man was spotted by police around 3 30 Wednesday morning arrested without incidents. Scott said the suspect appears to be the same man caught on a surveillance camera at the middle school as Erie said.
Let me go and see if it's the door rubbing bandit is out there. I get really really really want to hear that the knobber the knob guy.
Yeah, he's out there and they're also vacuuming up the storm. Okay.
This is normal behavior for Valentine Nebraska. Scott said it's embarrassing for hardworking people who live here.
The man was spotted by police around 3 30 Wednesday morning arrested without incident. The suspect appears to be the same man caught on a surveillance camera at the middle school last year.
Valentine, a ton of about 2600 in remote north central Nebraska lies near the scenic Nioh Barra River.
Do you ever hear of the Nioh Barra River? No. The city was named one of the top wilderness towns in the country last year by National Geographic Adventure Magazine.
People from around the country send Valentine's Day cards to the city's post office so they can be emailed out with the word Valentine's stamped on them.
The past two summers the bandit struck business after business window after window he stopped over the fallen winter.
During one particular break in session virtually all the windows at local hotel were imprinted. This guy's got a really busy.
Reckham evidently.
This is the Nioh Roger show.
This is your brain. Oh my god. Any questions?
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Will you save the pro company with your tax dollar screen?
I'm for those that we can get through. Yeah, you know what I mean.
The name brings to my list of ways.
We're going to have to the right.
Ain't got no cause to give them back.
But you know that we're nice.
Cause we're AIG. We don't give a crap.
The AIG.
Everyone give it back.
AIG.
AYG.
AYG.
You gotta be a cry.
AYG.
11.15.60 WQAM.
I think this is going to be an explosive weakness place.
You know? Yeah.
I just get that feeling.
Do you?
Yeah.
Could be wrong but you never know.
We're dealing with um unstable people.
Could you see I've noticed? Oh yeah.
In fact, just just record that and on Friday.
The meal can be on.
Do that for four hours.
How's that?
Sounds great.
Think that'll make them happy.
Make me happy.
Ron says, Neil, I heard part of the hostilities.
It seems to me that the big O while far from perfect isn't part of the jock
accuracy.
He and Joe Rose have spatted like children before.
How do you like that?
Still need a good time.
You need what?
A time.
A time when this thing happened?
Yeah.
An actual...
Well, they're not forthcoming.
They're not telling me.
I've got a window.
An hour fat window.
You got a window?
I'll jump through it.
See?
Push Joe Bell out of the window.
Push his fat ass out the window
and listen to the earth shake.
Break them.
PR Ralph, your chronic friend.
It's by the way he's going to Chicago for three days.
He said no more this week.
Good.
Isn't that something?
No more for the week going to Chicago for three days.
Like we need PR Ralph's itinerary?
Well, if you follow him on Twitter?
No.
He does have a good question though.
Who has better white hair?
Be Arthur or Jimmy Cifalitic?
I think Jimmy's probably got better white hair now.
What happens when you die to your hair?
Well, the embomber they like...
They gust you it all up, I guess, huh?
I imagine.
If you want?
Uh oh, here's another guy with a mask.
We're not allowed to attend.
They played one soccer match with no fans in it.
Uh, and the idea was to keep people away from school.
Stay out of Mexico.
These money, so people are back at work and literally millions of people in this
time of 20 million are back on the streets now because they're going to work.
So what they're going to...
Almost 20 million people in Mexico City.
Can you imagine what it smells like there on a hot summer day?
No, thank you.
Oh, I'm trying to imagine some nice things.
Oh, yeah, be nice.
Let's not have any contractiles.
We had enough conflict on the address you're over the weekend without having it in here today.
With Joe Bell and this one and that one and all this other,
Schmeiner-I.
As you find the flu.
What?
Brandon says while I found myself clipping busy clipping my toenails,
I was unable to attend the drab party.
However...
Brandon likes you because you laugh at his material.
Cute.
It was cute.
However, yesterday I did see this guy proudly sporting his QM drab party t-shirt.
He wore it like a badge of honor.
Now you're talking.
We better get these emails going.
I'm telling you right now.
Or Neil may take off the rest of the day and get Joe Bell really all freaked out.
Can't speak Joe.
Can't speak.
No peek at the English.
Or any other language.
Oh, here they go.
Here's one from Ricky.
I used to enjoy turning down the TV listening to local broadcast.
But since Jimmy's been in the booth, I can't do it.
Every time he says Ronnie Brown,
it sounds like that's what he's trying to squeeze out.
It's such not to have a local broadcast or worth a crap.
Great Joe Ricky.
Thank you Ricky.
Turns...
I mean, you listen to the TV.
I know when Rick Weaver did the games on radio,
a lot of people used to do that.
They would turn down the sound on the TV and they'd listen to Mr. T.
Remember those days?
Yep.
Your friend Heath is back.
But of course there are so many heaths now.
They're like the Spine-Hot flu.
They're reproducing all over the internet.
Oh and here's one.
Rudy gives me the definitive of a story on what happened with the conflict.
Okay.
You know what's going to take these people a little time to get to their computer.
It's Monday.
Sit down.
Huh?
It's Monday.
Is that what it is?
People moving a little slow right now.
Okay.
Here's a story about another butt bandit.
Well good.
They're starting to...
They're starting to crick you now a little bit.
That's good.
454 votes on this marginal poll.
And Rush Limbaugh is winning hands down your pants.
163.
They don't want to see him topless in in the speedo.
They puke their guts out.
Right here is voice.
I want to puke my guts out.
Mark and Kendall says the big O Bill himself is a draft guru.
With your station sending him to the senior bull as well as the combine,
not to mention the countless interviews of players and draft experts,
his guesses were not even close to the picks that often's actually made.
He was bitching and crying and made himself look like the moron he is.
Joe Bell, get Bingo a dartboard.
Let him make his picks that way and buy Georgia freaking car already.
So is Mark and Kendall.
There's somebody on your side.
Thanks Mark.
Thing he'll do any good?
Oh no.
Maybe Joe Bell can catch the Shfinement flu.
He sure got it.
He's got a head start on part of that.
Heath the Joker says it doesn't seem normal to act any way without your test
that approval like they got father.
Norman outlacking George cannot be based on Georgia's attitude.
Work professional is more plain lack of talent.
If things continue in this way, it appears Georgia's survival on the radio
is directly linked to your ability to stay alive.
This of course explains Georgia's concern for your sugar intake.
His George have a backup plan to a radio career says the Joker.
Heath ledger.
And George says nothing.
You were ripping me for dignifying rooster Chuchu with responses.
Yeah, you're right.
Rooster Chuchu.
Oh.
The whole thing is like a surreal experience man.
The whole thing these last two and a half years.
And Norma calls me last night like, well, what do we do?
What do we do to say the Titanic now?
You know, it's a little bit late all these years later.
Do we think?
Yeah.
What do we do to protect President Lincoln?
The American.
Questions that are being asked way too late.
So Rudy's got the definitive story.
Her argument between syphilis and the big O.
Here's what happened when the dolphins picked their first election.
The big O criticized the selection and syphilis took a section to the criticism.
In conclusion, syphilis said the big O.
He's allowed mouth scum blank and syphilis described him as a gentleman with integrity
and described himself.
Jimmy syphilis, she's a gentleman with integrity.
But big O is allowed mouth S bag.
How do you like that?
Doesn't sound too friendly to me.
Sounds like we got some real conflict going on at the big Q.
Doesn't it?
Uh-huh.
Sounds like it.
What do you do about the big Q?
This one came in on Friday.
In fact, well, we don't have much.
It's Monday.
It's everybody's running out getting their face mashed to get to avoid the Schfin
to avoid the Schfin who flew.
What do you think they're talking about on CNN?
About 1230 will print you that, of course.
I appreciate it.
Debra Ferri Force in New York.
Debra, appreciate it.
Thank you.
US Health Official Stress There is no reason to panic.
Don't panic.
No reason to get all panicked.
Stay calm.
Kevin says I don't entirely agree with you on your music days.
Remember the uh- acoustic email I had about Eros Smith and my music tastes sucks and all that.
Yeah.
Right.
However, there are some artists you don't like because of their popularity or personality
and not their creative musicianship.
I don't dislike any group- I don't like anybody because they're about-
I don't like anybody because of their popularity.
I mean, that's just stupid.
For someone to say that you two sucks is just idiotic.
That's my opinion.
I don't like you two.
Am I entitled?
Yeah, you are.
They're classic albums like Joshua Tree, War, and the unforgettable fire
of some of the best rock records ever made.
In your opinion, Kevin, you are the ass clown if you can't acknowledge that.
I don't.
I'm an ass clown.
Lately, they become not as fresh and boring music-wise,
but their classic albums will never sound dated.
The same can be said for Eros Smith.
George does have good music taste and I'm sure realizes these albums are classic,
even if you think the artist is annoying other areas aside from music.
By the way, Mandage's numbers should go up by default because the marlins are on
an almost every dance that they will bastard and when he's on vacation,
Stu gots his an abortion to listen to.
You and Le Bastard don't talk sports and your unrespective stations hate that fact.
Says Kevin.
I don't think they hit that fact across the street.
He's got the only numbers they got.
Here they hate it because they're sick.
They're sick and it's personal.
Not business, it's personal.
Remember I said that on Friday?
When you're dealing with your bile, it's never business.
It's always personal.
If he takes a hatred to you and he hates just about everybody,
if he takes a hatred toward you, man, he is going to be like that.
Every chance he gets like this inquisition about how come he-
you know where that came from Steve Sloan, your good friend,
who went running to flee.
Oh gee, we want to do a show on Friday.
But, Neil says he's not going to be here and then flee when running to Joe.
Oh, how come Neil's not going to be here and Joe went to, you know,
I doubt that.
You what?
I doubt that.
You doubt that?
I doubt that.
And how did Joe know I wasn't going to be here on Friday?
Lisa and an email out to everyone announcing you had to be here.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
Lisa, on top of a good friend flee, that wants your job.
You see that was another thing that that accomplished.
The phone call by Joe Bell to me, we can go last Thursday.
Attempting to draw it to create a rift between you and your good friend flee.
Well, that's not going to happen.
Well, thank God for that.
You know, your friends.
You got to count the friends in that building on one hand.
It's only ever been the case.
And the old driver Frank Taylor from Hawkinsville, Georgia, he was missing one thumb.
He could still kind of buy that hand.
Remember Frank Taylor?
No.
I do.
Oh, God.
It's all about building ourselves and how I want to lick his big hairy arm pins.
I'm big old coming at you from the ESPN sport hole center in Epicat.
I mean Epcot.
Wow.
Look at all the interest there is in the world of sports.
Hello?
Oh.
Hey, what a game by those merleens.
Huh?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I don't normally acknowledge life beyond the world of sports, but I want to address the rumors
right here and now that no matter how much oh equals zero, I'm not going anywhere.
Okay.
I'm in very tight with the management and there convinced that the sports format is a ratings
winner all across the dial.
When we get that new tower up, you're going to have sports coming out your toaster.
It's not how much we lose our ass, but how much we think we're never wrong.
So I'm staying right here because I live in the world of sports.
Nothing else matters of course.
Ain't no talk of women at all.
I fantasize about balls rock solid.
1117 at 560 WQAM.
Stuff starting to creep in up by the way, the fakeberry jackass says, because you asked,
yeah, I believe the conflict started around 708 PM.
Got it.
Got it. Well, I found it a little bit earlier at least the beginning of it.
You got it?
A little bit.
Apparently it's not didn't all just happen in one sitting.
Really?
It was an ongoing spat.
Here's so far.
I mean, come on.
You can't.
The conflict begins.
The problem is going to play opening day.
Not necessarily big.
Oh, look, this is the thing.
I'll take both ourselves opinion and I'll take this coaching staff and training staff opinion
about this guy.
No, I understand.
I just don't want to beat him up because you have some view of it and then it can't
back it up with anything.
I mean, this is this is the pick of the Miami dolphins.
This is the selection of them.
And it's not it's a trade to celebrate it.
But no, it's not my place to talk about the dirt out in the open.
I mean, it's not your parts to talk about the dirt period.
Right.
That's the way that.
Well, here's just one scout.
The younger brother.
And then I guess there's more that happened later on because I'm getting old.
What was that?
Not a lot of nothing.
There was no bigmen see ya.
No, and apparently the other stuff that we heard happened a little bit later.
So now I got to go to 708 and see if that's where they picked it up again.
Oh my God.
What a what a this better be good.
I'll tell you that mattering of entertainment in there.
I'll get you.
I bet your clearance is sitting there with his fingers and his legs and eyes crossed.
Hoping, oh, he ain't going to find it.
He better not find it.
The big old seems to create conflict wherever he shows up.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
May and now I don't know because I don't listen any of this crap.
It's a total insignificance to me.
Maybe he doesn't know what the F he's talking about.
Maybe.
Or maybe the fact that he's not part of the ass-looking sports fraternity.
That might contribute to it too.
Ryan and West Palm Beach as I was on the road and tried to listen yesterday afternoon.
It sounded like three people all talking at the same time.
Someone I think it was canelle kept budding in.
Very hard to follow.
Said to hell with it and threw in a CD.
Been listening to you since 87.
That's Brian's comment on the draft show.
He said he could go daft trying to hear the draft.
Something like that.
Mike Johnson.
Oh, not Mike Johnson.
Well, what?
You know, sooner or later if he sends enough stuff,
some of it is going to make some sense.
You know Mike Johnson?
Yeah, I know it.
He's no he's no rooster to chew.
I'll tell you that.
But then who is?
Oh, three other people.
Neil, a spy report from the NFL draft coverage on Saturday evening.
After the 18 had left and the B squad was manning the second
right of the draft coverage.
The B team consisted of DA and the big O.
The big O.
DA was professional.
Was on top of every pick and what players were on or off the board.
The most telling moment of the draft was pick 48 or 49 in the draft.
And big O was rattling off some names he wanted the dolphins to take
and they're upcoming second round.
And DA interjected.
Ray Malaluga went at pick 33.
Big O went on to make some lame excuses to why he may have overlooked this prick.
Continuing on to Sunday's coverage, two more big O.
Emberstein moment second recall.
One, numerous callers called in the challenge to big O.
It's why he was so bitter and why he wouldn't share any supposed
it inside details regarding regarding a dolphin draft fixed past.
Two.
Big O making more excuses and why he couldn't accurately track the picks
due to continuously rebooting his computer.
Maybe the big O is having computer issues due to getting shower water in the hard drive
from the showers at the NFL combine and the senior bowl.
Says my well that's not a bad email for Mike.
Nice going Mike.
You're the best.
Well, so I swine flu fears.
As for the health and to the services secretary Kathleen Subilig has you know that's but
President says cause for concern but not for panic.
So listen to your president.
Listen to some common sense.
Okay.
People aren't dropping like flies.
Just don't quote a Mexico and relax.
Right.
Right.
That's a good policy to have you know.
Yeah.
Michael says I'm not a chronic but a long time listener who doesn't
purport to be somebody I'm not.
Well, that's unusual.
All right.
I still enjoy your show despite corporate having restricted everything you can say and do.
Like you I don't think there's a god.
I think religion is a lot of fairy tales.
Absolutely correct Mike.
I've wanted to ask for some time what is the meaning of the word getchky.
I've asked a number of my Jewish friends and they all say there's no such word in Yiddish.
Well, what do they know?
Right.
I've stubbornly insisted that there must be given the frequency with which you use it.
From the context of your usages I'm guessing that it is any cleric of religious order.
No, that's not correct.
Am I correct?
No.
Will you please answer this during the noon to one hour so I can hear the answer?
Oh boy.
Anything else?
Would you like coffee with that?
How about some jam for your toast?
Jam on it.
Thanks Neil.
Keep land-based in religion.
What you say can't be stated often enough for the mind of the sheep that believe that crap.
It's true.
And I'm not going to do any good Michael.
Preaching to the choir.
Because one thing that the religion is do they do a great job of brainwashing the flock.
So I just say flock him, you know.
I put that aside.
Remind me during the noon to one hour to answer that for my club about Getsky.
Getsky is like the masses of a sheep, you know.
They'd like go to the Vatican.
All the religious shluppers.
See there you go again.
Say it?
I can't believe that there aren't.
Maybe my mother made the word out.
I don't know.
Maybe but I use it all the time.
Yeah, and you know what it means.
Well, I know how I mean it.
How do you mean it?
You know, like that Getsky there.
All the religious Getskies.
Just like you use it.
Yeah, you get you right way.
Right.
Like my used to use it.
I think I'm going to pay my visit this afternoon.
She's dead.
I'm going to go and see her down there.
Yeah, poker with the stick.
Uh-huh.
See if she's still nagging.
She was all right.
She meant well.
She was just annoying, huh?
I'd like my mother.
There are some people who are annoying and they don't mean well.
Well, let me go to the audio clue.
Like him.
Annoying and meant evil.
Like my mom.
Right.
Annoying and evil.
Pure evil.
My mom meant well, I think.
But she was not, yeah.
But she was just annoying.
There's 100% evil.
Not 99.9%
100%.
I thought nobody was perfect.
Georgia's mom is perfect.
Perfectly evil.
Perfectly wrong.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, something to be said for them.
I'm telling you.
Even Hitler had friends.
I need to relax and calm down.
Yeah.
I just don't like the way that
I'm not going to say it.
Well, I'll say it anyway.
Because I always say whatever is on my mind.
I don't care.
And I like flee a lot.
He's a good guy.
I don't want him to be Joe Bell's messenger boy
during the middle of the show.
You know, I'm saying he can't help it.
In other words, that's for your fire.
That goes to the territory.
Absolutely required.
It's one of his five jobs.
Is being Joe Bell's messenger boy?
Yes.
See, I won't be here Friday.
Come hell or I water.
No matter what.
Even if that package is lost and doesn't show up,
I'm just not going to just out of principle.
I got stuff I got to do.
Do you ever have stuff you got to do?
Sure.
All the time.
There you go.
I bet you even Joe Bell's got stuff he's got to do.
He's got to destroy other people's lives on his schedule.
Hell of a job, Joe.
Not too good with the station, but well,
he's done a good job destroying that too.
But you wait till we get that new stick up there, man.
And we get that signal.
And they can hear the big O all the way up at the
Broward Palm Beach Line.
Hey, kids, who cats,
I'm your generic 60s radio guy.
Things are going great.
Radials never been so unshited.
We're getting huge market shares of every hyperbubble.
The future looks bright, baby.
This is your generic 70s radio guy on Quad SM.
New is a pretty good man.
Having a good time, trying out new format ideas
to suit everyone's taste.
We've got underground,
broad pop,
red,
even disco,
whatever man.
And so all about selling something in the air.
Hi, it's your generic 80s and 90s morning zoo FM guy.
And I'm behind boys sidekick.
And we employ Zating Hygings that will hopefully make you look forward to getting up every day.
Everything you'd say, it's so funny.
Not that brilliant.
Hey, can you imagine how fast we would go out of business
if we only broadcast one thing?
That's too stupid even for this business.
Never gonna happen.
Hi,
on your generic early off radio guy
and we're only gonna broadcast one thing.
Sports and only sports.
It's called the Pectom and right wing called the port blend well with sports.
It's the same mentality.
You won't be long now before we have 50,000 sports stations all in one market.
Who needs your input?
We know what we're doing.
Hello, this is your generic late off guy.
But we're not doing so good these days.
Maybe we should go back to entertainment.
No, nobody wants that.
1131 at 560 WQM.
I think my voice is making a little bit of a comeback.
I'm sucking on these Rexall cough assist herbal cough drops like candy.
Good.
And they seem to help.
I had one too just out of seven things.
Might have a sorbitol in them.
So you know who knows?
You don't have Rexall cough assist Mr. like I do.
No, I don't.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm gonna make some more chemistry.
I'll tea during next break too.
Good.
Steve Friedman.
Thank you, Steve.
He gives me the literal meaning of the word Getshi.
It means statue.
Really?
Now do you understand that in the context of religious, uh,
genetics?
Sure.
Statue.
I'm going to expand my usage now that I know that.
Like when you go to the Vatican,
you see all these thousands of Getskis hanging around
waiting for Al Papa to come out and sport his fancy red shoes.
Thanks, Steve.
Statue.
Got it.
Until this day, I never knew the literal translation.
I mean, one thing about Getshi,
you don't need to know the literal translation.
Right.
And there's some words for which there is no
that doesn't translate.
Everything sounds like what it is.
Like, like, Schmendrick.
Right.
Schmendrick, Alex Schmagegi.
Bob Bees is I too heard the exchange.
Thank God that they had this big countertops over the weekend
because other than that, and of course the Schfinheun flu
was nobody wants to talk about.
Oh, other than that, there's nothing else going on, I guess.
When you agree?
Sure.
Next to the draft, I mean, what else could be important?
Nothing.
Bob says I too heard the exchange between the big O and Jimmy Siff.
I was working a bit in my shop and had the radio on in the background.
I really think one of the other emailers had a right when he said
zero is not partly the old boy jock sniffing club.
To Jimmy Choo and Mad Dog, every pick that often's made was the best.
They were speaking of Bill Parcells as if he was a deity.
Big zero was pointing out the pig's faults,
albeit rather loudly and in his overbearing way.
And the others took exception to his questioning the Almighty Tuna.
You don't question the Tuna, man.
You're going to be out.
Brock solid.
Oh my God, big.
You're going to be in big tourists telling you.
Anyway, it wasn't like they were going to come to blows or anything like that.
So boring, I'm your friend in the Florida Keys, Bobbie.
I'm your friend.
There was somebody at Woodbind over the weekend playing or getting ready to sit down
on a machine, two machine next to me.
And I said, is anybody playing here?
Can I play this one?
And I said, go ahead.
I mean, ordinarily, I would say that.
It would just be part of life.
It's funnier now.
But now every time I say it, I think of Chris Matthews.
The fake Larry King, oh, I see who it is, Mr. Radio, same person.
Jimmy Cifalus is getting bitchy with the big O-N-W-Q-A-M.
712 PM April 25th from the web.
Thank you.
And this is a Twitter thing.
Somebody had written 560 WQ-A-M.
Jimmy Cifalus was out of line.
He doesn't belong on the broadcast.
Coma inducing has a morning show on competing radio station about four hours.
Oh, I see about four hours ago from tweeting reply to the audio.
The original post was from Mr. Radio 610 WIWD logo on it.
You've seen that, right?
What the WIOD logo or Mr. Radio's logo?
Well, the one that he uses that's just 610 WIOD.
No, I have not.
Hey, you haven't?
Oh, you haven't lived until you've seen it.
I guess I haven't lived.
Well, good.
I'm not going to send it to you.
You'll be too shocked.
Too shocked and dismayed.
I'm good.
I'm all right.
Thanks.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
I'm coming.
Joe hasn't come in and said, what are you doing here?
No, not yet today.
I see.
I think, however, reacting to the thing about the flea asking, you know, Joe Bell asking flea wise,
you know, however, reacted because none has been this.
Yeah.
I see.
I believe in a good work, a good day's work for a good day's pay.
I also believe in a full day's pay for a good day's work.
Do you know?
And I just got the issues.
I got stuff I got to take care of.
I'm not life and life and death.
But I just can't be here.
If his majesty would like, maybe during the summer schedule,
I'll work an extra day and make it up for you.
How's that?
All right.
Maybe someday when you would like off.
Yeah.
I'm asking Georgia to run that by him during the meeting there.
No, no, I'm not in communication with Norma.
I don't know what time their meeting is.
I could care less.
Because I'm very positive that the end result will be the big.
Which of these people would most make you puke and hurl the fastest, if you saw them,
shirtless in a speedo?
That's our long and ponderous poll question.
497 votes.
That's not too bad.
Rush Limbaugh, 176.
Hank Goldberg, 81.
Mancoed, 54.
Jim DeFetus, only 39.
He ought to have 39 million.
Telling me.
Larry King, 29.
And after that, it's small potatoes.
Like Frankie Pintangely.
He's small potatoes.
I'm wondering if, what was his name that played him in a Roth, the old guy?
Lee Straspert.
Lee Straspert.
I wonder if he ever really got the props for the job he did.
I mean, because there were so many other brilliant acting performances in both the Godfather's.
Right.
I think he was like overshadowed.
And I think that's an infom there.
Wasn't he great?
Yes, he was.
Make sure everybody sees the cake.
Small apiece.
Small apiece.
The hotel's here.
A bigger swankier.
The money's on the table.
Oh, no, I have a partner.
This is the business we've chosen.
You hear the sirens?
I hear a coming to take the big ole away.
He got into a his a hissy fight with Jimmy Syphilitic.
It's pretty sad commentary when that's the highlight from all those 85 hours of non-stop
crap.
Well, thank God.
Yeah, thank God something exciting happened anyway.
Oh, you think maybe I've got to Shfinan on flu?
I don't.
No.
I got the regular ordinary pedestrian flu, which is bad enough.
Coffee and hacking and no voice.
But most of the flame is going away.
Isn't that good?
That is good.
Unless you like that sort of thing.
Unless you like those big chunks.
Yeah, something chew on.
Oh, stop.
You're right.
Brandon says it was thinking you've done many pulls on what George would do when you're
gone.
But I wonder and not like this will happen.
Let's say WQM throws a lot of money at George to host his own show if he could convince
us to join in.
I think that put me over the edge, Brandon.
There throws a lot of money at George when he's going back to work or does he enjoy
not doing much of anything.
They're going to throw a lot of money at George and SUDs.
They're not throwing a lot of money at anybody, even the people they do like.
Norma told me last night to show you how bad this business has become.
Then on the west coast of the US in LA, a major talk station is offered a long time talk
host.
I'm not going to have I'll text you who it is.
Okay.
$500 a week or go on disability.
He chose disability.
$500 a week in Los Angeles.
Nice.
This is the business we have chosen.
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
You're shutting down new spacers more and more.
You never knew those comics or those classified.
A publication that's ignored.
Since you can get the news right there, are mine.
If you want to know what is happening in the press, just go on the web.
It is not that hard.
Now you can see why that business is a big man.
You will never read your new spacers.
You will never read your new spacers.
Who gives a crap?
Nobody reads them anyway, right?
Who reads newspapers?
What?
Sorry, I was listening to this thing.
I think I found a...
Did you find a big contract?
I found the much do about nothing thing that everybody's trying to do.
Is it?
In my humble opinion, but what do I know?
Okay, let's hear it.
People listening are driving around and people are calling the wind up.
The research and background check that was done on the page gave us...
Oh, you got the audio.
Everybody on film that were played in every game.
The background check is done from high school coaches to family, to head coaches, to what
exactly happened while you were suspended.
Jimmy, that stuff is...
Look, there are hundreds of...
I'm going to have some more tea.
This is going to be a lot of care and amazing tea.
To make sure...
Get home.
Oh gosh, I'm going to get a problem.
Oh gosh, I didn't know that he can't get along with people.
Oh gosh, I didn't know he can't play.
Tell us, and we don't always get this thing right.
But I agree, these guys that are doing this right now know what they're doing.
They've done a lot of research.
And I'm going to take them over what any agent says, any secondary media guy says, or anything
else.
Nobody spends more time doing background checks than National Football League teams.
Can I give you an example?
And by the way, Joe, having said all that, they still fail miserably.
Can I give you an example, Joe?
That means that's a whole bunch of hot air.
You should right now.
Yeah, how much have you done personally?
Because how much have you spent?
I don't know what I mean.
We'll talk about that.
I'm not an NFL team.
But when you say that a franchise does research, lots of them do research.
And it's still...
They still fail.
Right.
So nothing's perfect.
It'll make it sound like just because you do the research, the player is not going to...
The player is going to be...
But I have a part of Silver and Ireland.
How have they done so far?
I think they're going to be an exceptional job.
But haven't I said that?
The difference is accountability.
Okay.
If they fail, they're accountable.
Right.
You got this guy who wrote, oh, there's some...
I don't know if there's some character issues with Vante.
He'll write the same thing next year about somebody else.
There's no accountability.
Just throwing a bunch of crap up against the wall.
Can I give an example if I may, when I was at college, Matt Millen was suspended by Joe
Paturno a number of times.
You know why?
There was a personality conflict.
And I don't know a better integrity guy than Matt Millen on the planet.
You might not like him as a general manager.
There's been a lot of guys suspended.
And as far as character's concerned, or has done better.
Oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he just meant, he just mentioned that he did.
I thought I made a statement.
Big O, if you try to stop screaming over me, I would appreciate it.
What I'm trying to tell you is this.
It doesn't necessarily mean something because a player was suspended for a spring game.
What the hell is Matt Millen?
And his investigated technique have to do.
No, I'm saying what he was doing when he was going like,
I can scream with the best of a battle.
I'm as good as they get.
Okay, it really comes to it, but I'm a gentleman.
So please stop trying to scream over me.
I would appreciate that.
Well, that's a bond best.
Can we have a just a minute right here on sports radio 560WQ?
Oh my god, that was a much better job than nothing.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, this is my favorite part.
Take matters.
Every pick matter is okay.
Now you can go.
I just want to see if I got any.
I don't got nothing in there.
Last week, every pick matter in my nose.
Yeah.
Oh, there was always plenty to go after.
Not, no, they're both clear.
I don't know if they're getting more than that.
And what does that expression mean?
Clean is a whistle.
What does that mean?
Maybe if a whistle is dirty, it don't whistle.
I'm just guessing now.
Oh, seriously, what does that mean?
Clean is a whistle.
I just told you.
My guess.
Never try to blow a dirty whistle.
Here's one.
Oh, my tea is ready.
My water is boiling anyway.
You want to go get it?
I noticed a thing that's a good idea before I
jump into these 4 or 5 radio mail.
There aren't all that many.
Go ahead.
I'm glad we made it so new and I'm thrilled and delighted.
Look at your tea, man.
Okay, let me get by your feet and talk back, Dad.
I'm going to go do my tea back.
The
Can
Okay, I'm stirring it now. I'm diffident, dunking while I'm talking. Because I don't want
to be out of the room too much because then flea will come in. Oh, Joe Bell wants to
know how come leo's not talking in your playing music. Slacker. That's my reputation.
Always been a slacker. And if that correct, don't be a whacker. Be a slacker. Oh, man,
is that hot? Wow. Holy moly, right, man.
Big bags. God. Well, let me get rid of the tea bag. Now, I'm not never been a really big
tea drinker. But what's the proper etiquette? What's the proper not etiquette? But I mean,
like a thing to do. Do you leave the tea bag in the tea while you're drinking it? I don't
think so. No, I mean, you can, but no, you can. You're not supposed to. I've done it. Oh,
I'm going to go down. I'm going to burn in hell. I've done that. Yeah, you're going to boil
in hell. Oh, no. I mean, it's not like it makes a big deal of difference. Oh, sure, it does
because the string keeps getting in your nose. If you hold it right. Wow. Is that good and hot?
Good. Camel T with some 400 year old Splenda in it. Splendid. Whoa. Okay, just just check the outlook.
Express is nothing new came in case you're wondering. I mean, I got a few here, not much going on
today. And especially now that you played that. I mean, was that this big brawl, this big
verbal ball, and that these people are playing up very disappointed, very, very, very overblown by
some of the highly emotional listeners out there sitting on the edge of their seats waiting for
just the slightest. Right. To the slightest. The slightest. The fart, you know, I mean, they only
stopped kissing each other for like two minutes. And that's a big one. Yeah, that's right.
You could hear the four play and the after play and the during play and the play by play.
That's because you have a civil in it was there he does the play by play for the dolphins.
The whole thing is just so it's just it just leaves me breathless by the way every pick matters.
Even if it's a pick from your back then, wow. Sure. And of course you say that orange, you're a special.
Jay and Miami says ever since QM dropped Hank Egg's Goldberg, he has completely and totally
dropped off the radar. I thought sure he'd be covering those dead polo horses, but no, he's
vanished from ESPN too. You hear those sirens? For do. Never stops. Never stops in the big city.
I'm sure we'll see him during the run for the triple crown, but starting, but a talent like that
to just disappear once again proves that old adage, this is the business we have chosen.
Let's just play that for four hours. While Norma is supposed to leave me. Maybe Norma's lunch in
it with Joe Bell. You think? I'd rather not. About Norma having lunch with Joe Bell. I bet you
Norma misses those great sushi lunches with Greg Reed probably. This is the business.
This is the business we've chosen.
Jason's my guess is that the five hundred dollars a week is for Phil Henry and then he's got Gilbert
lab. He's choreographing the show. No, it's not for Phil Henry. I'm not going to tell you who it is for
because it's none of your business. Fishing around, that's one of the things they love to do
in these emails. Probing, fishing around, looking for information. And you want to know why?
They have no life of their own. Now, now let me ask you this. My assignment I was told a
short time ago is this afternoon if I last till two o'clock. After the show, I'm supposed to go
to the post office and check out this track, this missing package. Okay.
Does that sound like something that I might be successful in completing? I have no idea.
I mean, when they say they've delivered a package and it's not in the building, right?
What's the first thing that comes to your mind? Interception. No, intersection, lost package, lost.
Not that any post office anywhere has ever lost a package or a letter or anything like that.
Right. And if it's lost or stolen, why would somebody steal something like that?
Sometimes post people, humans that they are, steal things. Really? Yeah. What would be the
purpose of that? So when you steal something, you have it and the other person doesn't and you just
scored something. But what value would this be to anybody else? To an identity thief? A lot. Oh.
Well, I guess I'm going to be busy this afternoon.
Oh, you're the state goldstein. But you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Kelsey.
Kelsey. Talking on a sports show. Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a sad
thing year old girl. A little sports host. She'll watch else. Are you there for Kelsey?
Kelsey. Talking like a baby. Who needs a little training? Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man. Remove the rubber bands. That joke. Your scrub, come.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Your lovely management don't care.
Because Kelsey.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Kelsey.
Those sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Lost anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to throw up.
You're fairly squeaky-boot. Go to broadcasting school.
Your free-cube-asset voice makes you sound like a fuss.
Absolutely.
Your right heart.
Uh-huh.
Your right heart.
Yeah.
Your right heart.
Wow, the Dow is up 33 points. Let's have a party in our pants. What do you say?
Just right now.
1202-560-WQM.
They're just pointing out that a lot of airlines, if people have a trip to Mexico plan
and they don't want to go there and die, yeah, that they're waving the fee to change your reservation.
Okay. So if you're playing going to Mexico, don't go somewhere where you'll be safe.
Uh-huh.
No, anywhere where we'll be safe.
Uh, Afghanistan. Bagdad.
The area would be good.
Sure.
What's that?
That?
Yeah.
What do you got?
You don't hear that?
No.
Then beeping?
Um, no.
No, it just went away.
What was that?
I didn't hear anything, Dad.
Get out of here.
I saw that movie, Aslite.
Just this morning?
No. Oh, guess what movie was on over the weekend?
I forget.
Requiem for a dream.
No.
It was on all over the place.
And I watched it once.
And I forget what it was.
Couldn't have been that good.
Sorry.
Sorry, mister.
Well, that's what happens when you get to be old and diseased.
I got these fine-hunt flu.
Here's one from Walt who says,
syphilis- oh, it was misery.
Oh, with Kathy Bates.
And I'm convinced that Kathy Bates is the same as a lot of our chronics.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm your biggest fan.
I'm your friend.
Crazy stalker.
Yeah.
Fat shudden.
Sure.
Right.
Living in the cabin.
Crazy.
I forgot that the part where she hobbles his uh, legs is a very later on in the movie.
It's very late.
I forgot that.
He was good in that movie.
James Conn.
Yes, he was.
And I realized that there's a lot of what year there was.
But there's got to be like 15, 20 years between Godfather.
And oh, yeah, misery.
I imagine.
And there's no resembling.
I mean, if you didn't know was James Conn,
you wouldn't know was the same guy that played something in the Godfather.
I know that Mr. Man.
Mr. Man.
He didn't get out of the cockadoody car.
I used to have that in here.
Maybe I do.
Maybe under cockadoody.
I probably don't have too many things.
Oh, look at that.
Wow.
I've got one about Joe Bell called cocko bell.
But I don't have cockadoody car.
I used to have that.
Now what happened to stuff that used to be in here and it's gone.
It's gone.
Once it's gone, it's gone.
I don't know what happened.
It's gone.
But I mean, how do they vanish out of a computer?
A couple of different ways accidentally replaced by some
Spendrick.
No, some Getchke.
Or something.
Like during a backup.
It backed up the wrong way.
Canada and one in Spain, suspecting cases under investigation
from Europe and Israel to South America and New Zealand.
So what exactly is wine?
Fluid is a strain of influence that shows me found in pigs.
Typically, people get it after coming into direct contact with an infected animal.
Although with this particular strain, the concern is a reperson to person transmission.
Although, in Mexico, we're still searching for the source of the swine flu.
I'll break our cheap medical course by the doctor.
Oh, yes.
Sanjay Gupta, he's there with his mask on.
And just to show you how balls the I am that I don't panic in the middle of all these things,
guess what I made for dinner last night?
Pork.
Too bratwurst.
See?
Yep.
Well, I made him because I don't want to leave him in a refrigerator too long because you don't,
you don't want to leave pork products sitting in a fridge too long.
And then we had pork blood.
Then I get bad and then you get that tricky noses.
Oh.
In addition to which then it then it becomes really trapeh.
After the first couple of days in the refrigerator, then it becomes really super trapeh.
That's what Gary Sarner taught me a long time ago.
Well, that's right.
Don't talk about Gary Sarner.
I forgot.
Well, is that us that are just you?
Us.
Nobody told me that I did.
No, you didn't say don't talk about Gary Sarner.
I told you what happened.
Yeah.
Well, I don't want to talk about him.
He's not here no more.
Anyway, Walt says cephalorose and managed to a lesser degree only have their jobs
because they're ex-jox and wouldn't there say anything negative about the dolphins
or any other player organization?
They are complete horrors, it says.
All of us in this business are horrors, WB.
Walt.
He says as much as I dislike the big O, I have to take his side if only because of the
pompous attitude of syphilis.
Very difficult to find a hero in that kind of a kind of a event.
By the way, this may be the first one that isn't stick.
QAM should can cephalorose ask from these events for ripping on their own employee.
He basically discounted QAM's choice of Orlando and called him a hack.
Maybe that's why they didn't want to replay the incident.
Or they didn't want to replay of it?
Did you get that email?
Nope.
I didn't either.
I guess this show doesn't count.
Or on the outside looking in.
Don't you have that feeling?
Nope.
My T isn't boiling hot anymore.
Bonucut.
I don't know what that means.
I can drink it.
Oh, okay.
When it's so hot, you can take a little sip of it.
I don't think that there's very much good.
Now you notice how great it's doing for my voice for my Malif Lewis sound?
Sounds creamy.
As it goes to screaming.
You know, I'm a screamer.
That's what Jimmy said.
I can scream with the best of them.
That's what I heard, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
Screamer.
Seriously, as he gets older, he looks more and more like an old lady.
And the fact that he's doing four hours of right wing,
not super Nazi talk over there in IOD.
And we, I mean, okay.
So he broadcast the games.
What, what do men's does that make?
He can be on doing the play by play on the game.
Period.
I mean, he can be on whatever the hell they put him on.
But I'm just saying it, you know, if there was such a thing as right, as proper.
Proper.
Improper.
Well, we do the improper.
Somebody sent me a bio for least a strawberry.
Born 1901 in Wood's and O.
Galicia, Austria, Hungary.
Now, buddhene of Ukraine.
Why is it that places keep changing their names like Salon,
Sri Lanka and all these damn, you know, you go to geography class,
you learn all about the countries of the world and stuff.
And then all of a sudden, like, oh, that's not that anymore.
It's now it's this.
You know why.
Like Burma.
What is Burma now?
Is that Sri Lanka?
No, that was Salon.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, you better start learning your.
I guess the Burma is the other little
uh,
utter that hangs down there.
There's India is the big order.
And then Burma is the other one.
Now it's something else.
I guess I'll be.
Anyway, he died February 17, 1982 of a heart attack in New York.
Lee Strasbourg.
His birth name was Israel.
Lee Strasbourg.
Myan Mark.
Myan Mark.
That's right.
Used to be Burma.
Very good.
Good work.
Famed acting teacher Lee Strasbourg was born in Wood Zanoff, Austria, Hungary.
Now, Budanov, Ukraine.
Brought to America as a child.
He had a brief acting career before becoming one of the founders of the group theater in 1931.
Directing number of plays there.
1931.
Jesus.
That's a million years ago.
His greatest influence, however, was through the actor's studio where he began
in director 1950.
A proponent of method acting which he adapted from the system brought to America by Constantine
Stennis Lovsky's disciple and Marlon Brando's mentor Stella Adler.
He influenced several generations of actors from James Dean to Dustin Hoffman.
Film audiences would know him best as gangster,
Hyman Roth in the Godfather Part Two 1974.
Google a misery and see what year that was.
The Godfather was 72, the first one.
Miss Rihal, I want to say 87 maybe.
Mr. Man.
I'm doing it.
He didn't get out of the cockadoody about car.
The chapter plays.
I never heard it called chapter plays before.
Although I did like the fact you liked rocket man 1990.
1990?
So you see that's 18 years later.
He was old.
Santino.
Even after all that bullets he absorbed.
They did my boy.
Yeah, look at the massacre, my boy.
So.
And then of course you see the look.
You can only imagine.
Undertakers the kind of things that they see.
But in spite of that, the look on Boneser is face.
When he pulled the blanket back that was covering Sonny's face.
Like, oh, he not too good.
He don't look too good.
I mean, how many bullet holes did they have just in his head?
About 30 men.
At least.
Jay and Baltimore says the term ask clown were back to that again.
But I'll take anything at this point.
Even if it's about like Abe Lincoln in the play.
The term ask clown came from Beavis and Budded creator Mike Judges movie office space.
The book comes out Thursday morning by the way 10 o'clock.
You ready?
I'm ready.
A character named Michael Bolton starts vending about how his name was ruined by the singer Michael Bolton.
I was about 12 years old and that no talent asked on became famous and started winning Grammys.
He said.
The wrestler Chris Jericho appropriated the term while later.
A while later and that spread from there.
Hope you're feeling better.
Say Jay and Baltimore.
I'm feeling not so bad, but just I can't talk.
But thanks to my good friends at Rexall for making Rexall coffeesist herbal cough drops.
Oh, he's probably getting a smeared for that too.
Yeah.
I'm getting smeared for it.
Just like that pasta.
What was the pasta?
Creamfields?
That's the one.
Basta la pasta.
That's what I say.
Get that blood sugar down to about.
Like that flat line.
I think this is the weak eye crook.
That's what I've been at.
No?
No.
Stop talking like that.
That's not.
What?
Stop talking like that.
Ma.
Now I think I'm on the way out.
Oh, new.
Grab my junior honey.
And welcome back to the Mojave de David's show on this but next satellite.
Redidididio.
Now here's the latest scores.
77 to 7.
Two to four.
Whatever it is.
You know, I got to tell you it's good to be back in New York.
And it gives me a chance to get away from that Mullet head.
I keep running into every place.
I go every place.
I go.
I run into that membrane.
Why the last time?
Oh, we got a car here.
It's a public satellite redidio.
What do you want?
I am old.
Yeah.
It's you.
I mean, no escaping you ain't there.
I don't know how you're going to do that.
The last time I ran into you was at the airport.
Oh, Mr.
Mr.
Yeah.
Are you the one who validates my ticket?
No.
I'm Rachel Maddo and Jerry.
I need you to validate my ticket.
Ooh.
Round trip to New York.
And what are we running away from today?
Don't crack wise with me.
Don't crack wise.
Just validate my ticket.
See?
What did you stand my hand for?
It's dancing on the plate.
Just validate my ticket, will you?
Yeah.
Remember if you're getting off at Newark,
watch your step.
Why?
We don't stop there.
Yeah, Jerry.
Who?
Hey, wait a minute.
This here is a round trip flight.
You only gave me one way.
Can't leave a goal for trying.
The ball.
Why you dirty?
Get out from behind that counter.
Oh, I can't.
And why not?
I'm not wearing any pants.
What are you going to write me know?
You fairy.
1218 sounded like an anticipation of a blessed event.
Let's get them back on 2 to 4.
Mo and Gildi, what do you say?
Right?
I still think that the chicken that show Mo and Gildi
would be a great 2 hour show.
I agree.
And guaranteed you'd get higher ratings than...
Oh, wow.
That's a good thing those things don't matter.
Oh, I forgot that's right.
Ratings don't count.
So let's forget about Thursday morning.
The book is coming out because
Cornia Jolly Joel Bell.
Ratings aren't what it's all about.
They don't matter.
Hank.
And it's a good thing they don't matter.
Because after they schmit can,
the Humper, the ratings all disappeared.
And that's interesting.
Yep.
Here's one from somebody.
He says, I work for the US Postal Service,
and I'm sure Canadian land is
advanced at the US when it comes to the mail.
If you have a tracking number which I do,
then the package is certified, express delivery,
confirmation is such.
It appears, it's delivered online.
I dealt the mail man stole it because he would have
scanned it as delivered.
It can be tracked back to a scanner.
See?
See Mr. Panic Man?
Oh, I think they stole it.
Oh yeah.
It was probably misdelivered or delivered to the building
and someone took it or misplaced it.
If you go to the post office, they can tell you what time
was delivered.
I know what time was delivered.
It's online 11.59 PM Friday.
And who signed for it if the signature was required
which was not.
Hope that helps any good luck.
Thank you.
Oh, I think I'm going to have a relapse.
Maybe I'll be out tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday.
And Friday I won't be here.
Tell Joel Bell I won't be here on Friday.
Okay.
I'll be looking for a package.
About time.
Yeah.
Hope you find one.
Tony says Getsky means statue.
Yeah, we got that earlier.
I think also from Tony.
He says my favorite.
Yeah.
Yiddish.
Why I TTISH.
Yiddish glossary.
Obviously Tony with a name like that is a goi anyway.
But Yiddish.
Yes.
He says my favorite is Schmendrick spelled without the H.
Schmendrick.
I use it daily.
I'm surrounded by them.
And many writes it correctly.
Schmendrick equals Ninkampoop and inept it
or different in different person.
Same as Schlamiel.
Yeah.
Schmendrick is a harder edge than Schlamiel.
When you think I agree.
Schlamiel Schlamazel.
What was that show?
The Vernon Squirley?
Oh my god.
In the beginning.
Schlamiel Schlamazel.
I bet you they were really impressed
in Cedar Rapids Eye.
What was the show where they started singing about
Schlamiel and Schlamazel.
You know.
That was a bad show anyway.
Who was that Penny Daniels?
Yes.
Penny Marshall.
Penny Marshall.
Who was the other one?
Penny Marshall.
No talent annoying annoying.
Steven Jersey says great sound clip
from the Moronic Endless NFL Draft Show.
The only thing less entertaining than those
pinhead jocks living boobs blathering on endlessly
on their own shows about nothing
is to hear them argue about nothing
together on the same show.
I can't count the number of places I walked in
and out of this weekend that was filled with idiots
watching and hanging on every word
says Steven Jersey.
Cindy Williams.
Who?
Penny Marshall and Cindy Williams.
Brain Fie.
I never heard her.
It was all about Penny Marshall man.
It was all about her.
It was all about misery.
Kathy Basin, James Conn.
The sheriff he was pretty good too.
That old coup.
But
just when he found James Conn down there in the basement
like oh,
Kathy was she was on top of it.
Now do you think that when she spilled a glass of wine
remember he loaded up the
all the tranquilizer crap in the wine?
Yeah.
When he said let's have a toast and she
brought and she went out to get the candles.
He sent her out to get a candle to make her romantic
and he spilled all that stuff
which he only had a limited amount in the wine.
And she came back and one of the first things
she did when she sat down was not
over the glass and spill the wine.
Yeah.
That's what Eric Verdant told me.
Now do you think that was accidental
or do you think she did it because she suspected that maybe he
that
doctored her booze?
That what you said.
She suspected?
Spilled a wine?
Eric Verdant in the animals.
And war.
And war like I said.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's all right.
It's all right.
Take any more.
I don't like that song at all.
I do.
Do you?
Yeah.
Oh good.
And played a 20-30 time.
I'll spill some wine while I do it.
Do it.
I'll spill some tea.
Well, there's that dink.
The visions of the severity of the infections
and the nice haircut.
Pattern.
How it's spreading.
Who's at higher risk?
It looks like she ran under a lot more.
You know what?
Or was run over by one.
Now you remember what I was saying about Rachel Maddow?
Yeah.
And what's your name?
Ellen.
Ellen.
Why is it that dikes want to look like that?
What is what are they trying to prove?
That they're beyond feminism.
They're not feminine.
They don't want to be feminine.
It's not just feminine.
It's gross.
You can be not feminine.
I mean, you consider yourself feminine looking?
Do I?
No.
Some of the audience does.
But then again, the voice friends.
That's because they haven't seen me.
See, if men don't wear makeup,
we're above wearing makeup and they feel that they ought to be also.
It's the manly thing to do.
That's true.
That's right.
Well, Mr. Manchich, you're at a nice temperament, didn't you?
Sure.
And I just love the right before the end where he has the meeting with Lauren McColle,
you know, his agent.
The last scene where he finally kills her ass.
Mm-hmm.
And just, just takes every object that you can find and the blood and the pus and the puke
is just all over her push.
It's just a beautiful thing.
And it's a great release from the audience too, because most of us who are watching
that are thinking, oh my god, there's not enough horrendous things he can do to this bitch
to give her what she deserves, right?
Right.
She was good.
Kathy Bates.
I think, I think Joe Bell is a male or close to a male version of Kathy Bates.
Sadist.
Evil.
Nasty.
Smelly.
All of these things.
I wonder if he's in the middle of a hot lunch with Norma Kent right now.
But we'd like to be a fly in that wall.
Wouldn't you like to be a fly in their soup?
Oh, me!
Yeah, let's think about it.
Yeah.
In the wind.
The.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, you see.
S.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom.
The Idaho Senator later pleaded guilty to disorderly,
closeted homosexual.
So what happened in that men's room?
Oh, man, I tried to take it in my seat.
And it was a very, very big.
You knew what you were doing.
It's clearly on the tape, man.
What I said and how I react.
The tape he's referring to was recorded in a men's room.
Lower my hands.
Okay.
Spread my legs.
Yes.
Now take it.
Soliciting anonymous sex.
Guilty.
You heard my voice.
And so that tape is the truth.
And he jerked me out.
No.
Yes.
And I'm going, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
let me stop you for a few.
You look finally.
I began to f*** the gentleman.
You f*** this undercover officer.
Yes.
I call it gladiator politics.
Senator, I traveled the gay bars in Washington.
Soliciting gay sex.
Absolutely.
Resign, Senator.
What?
You should resign.
I won't resign.
Go away.
No.
Go away.
You're looking for glory holes.
Club 31 at 560 WQM between the T and these
Rexall coffers is I'm making a mediocre comeback.
I think I can squeak another hour and a half.
All right, squeaky.
Now what would you recommend?
You being the, you know,
Rick Riley used to call himself.
What was the Commissioner of Common Sensors?
I'm stupid.
I think like that.
Which was very funny because he was one of the
busiest dingbats whoever came down the pipe.
Right.
But since you generally seem to have like, you know,
a little bit of common sense.
I'll look who you're working for.
But nevertheless, yeah, well,
and you believe that they were going to get you a car.
One that I ever said.
You didn't.
Okay.
Well, how would you proceed about a package?
It's got some important crap in it.
I think that's a good idea.
You can either call the post office.
Go online.
I don't know how they do it in canadia.
But at some point going down there, if you know,
and ask them.
But I've gotten things.
I know the post office has a website now.
Sometimes people will send you a tracking number
just like they used to do with.
How do you think I know the package was delivered in new
on Friday?
Well, then take that information and go down there and say,
this says it was delivered.
Yeah, we don't have it.
So under what circumstances was it delivered?
How and to whom did they deliver it to?
Did they put it in a box?
Did they stick it in a tree?
Did they give it to a person?
Was it bigger than a bread box?
All of these things.
All of these things.
Yeah.
And what if they say, yes,
face, try again.
For the great Jesus, let me tell you this, Jimmy Cifalus,
Jack Balsch, and your shutt is trapped.
Ever since he got the WIWD gig, he thinks he's the new voice of reason in South Florida.
My guess is that if he doesn't shut up and straighten out his canoe,
he's going to be calling the games for the new all-female football team,
the South Florida gash,
and send them dolphins.
I'm getting shocked up about it.
May quite a splash this weekend on QA and Jimmy Cifalidic, evidently.
I guess he didn't like when the big O looked him straight in the eye and said,
you're fairly...
I guess he took exception of that.
I didn't hear anything on there about any personal attack or anything
about wearing a dress or crap like that.
Did you?
Nope.
Can you see Jimmy Cifalidic with that big,
blue font white here?
No.
I didn't see it.
Were wearing a pink dress, a gown.
In the booth, calling the game.
Does up five points,
speaking of that,
Sextile 3-seman gets off, so to speak.
George Bartousic, who got freaky with two blow-off Sextile's in a grocery store parking lot,
won't do jail time with judges ruled.
Bartousic was let off with six months probation for his open-air synthetic threesome
in a public parking lot in Cape Coral in February.
Stoned on the lookers had seen the 51-year-old inappropriately touching his companions in plain sight.
As I walked by, I saw this guy with two blow-up dolls kissing them and bouncing them
and trying to get people's attention to female witness told WPBF after the incident.
It's just crazy, you know, and I'm with my daughter, and she couldn't believe what we're seeing it.
Another witness, Arthur Castro.
Bartousic, like his blow-up friend, stayed silent as he left court after the sentencing yesterday,
refusing to answer any reporter's questions.
Charged with breach of peace and trespassing,
Bartousic was facing a year in jail for his escape rate.
Now he likely have to go to win Dixie for groceries.
The judge told him he isn't welcome back at publics.
We're shopping used to be for him a pleasure, not anymore.
Maybe I got the Shrine Hood flu.
Everybody go to a panic.
The other thing I'm not going to be able to do when he shows from there once you get in the new building,
because if I wanted to come back, I'd have to go into quarantine,
right?
Like back during the SARS days.
In your case, we call it queer and teen.
Is that like oval teen?
It's round.
573 votes on this marginal pull.
That's not so bad.
But what I don't understand is here it's Monday.
Now wasn't today the day that there was supposed to start with a new morning show across the street
and it was going to be Jorge Sardano and Yadia.
Didn't happen.
Oh somebody says please add the beast to your pull.
That's a good choice.
Oh my god, the beast.
Can you even imagine that?
I'm trying not to.
By the way, on the scale this morning 184.
Good new near death diet.
Adam Oshmuck, you know something Adam?
Stop it.
The Tamil terrorists are out in downtown Toronto again.
Apparently they're blocking the area around young and university.
Well great.
Go away Adam.
I haven't only Adam doesn't have anything going on today over there in kitchen or water.
Oh, there's not much going on anyway.
Yeah, the Tamil Tigers are out again blocking the streets.
Humbman, Humbman dread.
Over the LAR.
And what is what's Canada going to do about their beef with Sri Lanka?
Yeah, what's their beef with Sri Lanka?
Canada going to go in there and bomb Sri Lanka?
I don't know what their beef is.
I don't know anything about Sri Lankan about all the people that they're killing.
And quite frankly, I don't care.
Tarni says I've never laughed so hard when I read today's pull.
I think he means pull.
Right.
Whoever thought it up is a genius and deserves a raise.
There wasn't any of us.
It was one of our listeners.
I think it was a Charlie B pull.
Okay.
I think.
Or maybe it was Sean from Hollywood.
I don't know.
Just thinking about Hank Goldberg and Aspito is about the funniest GD image
I've ever thought of in my life.
Over the years I've noticed he's become more and more like Jabba the Hut.
His cheeks are oozing over him.
His something and there are millions of blotches covering his pasty face.
Come on, don't be picking on the Humber.
That was wrong with you, man.
That was funny.
When he comes on ESPN to give his ridiculous losing picks,
I wonder how the hell he even dareshow his face on the air.
If they'll show Jim DeFetus on Channel 4, why wouldn't they show the Humber?
Last year he picked against the dolphins four weeks and lost every time.
Way to go, Hammer.
I got respect for the guy who's a great sports guy back in the day.
Has been around forever.
But they could try some makeup or maybe just show a doctorate picture of him.
You know what I'm saying?
Come on, people vote for Hank and his speedo as his car.
Oh, he's he's trying to influence the poll.
How do you like that?
Swine fluid Texas high school.
At all.
I like to think that our health care system is a little better.
And even D.S.
It's pretty funny, huh?
It's pretty funny.
Worries about a pandemic in shirts are a little premature.
I should be concerned.
But as far as fear, danger, panic, no.
All you have to do is take a look at a healthy lady angel.
You can see just from overnight just a huge, just a huge difference in such.
And so it's just it's a flu right now.
Yeah, it's a flu.
Everybody has come down.
Oh, Neil Rogers is my lover.
You know.
So which would you rather have first the bird flu or the
shine hunt flu?
That's my question.
Oh, man.
Good poll question.
We'll say that for a rainy day.
Son of Shrine and Hairman is going to be 77 today, 79.
Not exciting?
No.
Why not?
More concerned with the weather here.
Well, why is that?
Whether there is boring.
It's the same everything here.
That's why the morning is it might be.
Anyway, here's another one about that package.
When you go to the post office with the info you have,
they'll probably need to talk to the carrier.
And he or she will most likely be out delivering.
So you probably won't get an answer today.
They will talk to the carrier.
And most likely we'll have an answer for you tomorrow.
Good luck.
Yeah, I'll need it.
This one need was another assignment.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Oh, I'm just going to lay down on the floor and finish this show
from the floor I was at.
Lay on your back, Jack.
My good.
This is this is got one of those long mic stands, you know?
Good.
Those flexible ones.
I could actually lay down prone on the floor and do this show.
Probably sound better too.
What do you think?
I don't know.
Are you doing it now?
The fake Tom Jicke says in February.
Oh, this is pathetic.
Talk about people.
This is definitely Mr. Radio.
Tom Jicke.
Fake one.
Radio groupie.
Ray, all radio groupies need to be shot immediately if not sooner.
They need to be taken in Mexico.
And given a good solid dose of the fine-hone flu.
In February 2009, talker Dick Farrell,
moved from low-power broker WPBR 1340 to low-power WSPU CVU 960.
Six to seven feet.
Listen, Dick Farrell spy report.
Six to seven feet and Monday Tuesday Thursday and Friday.
One hour show, four nights a week.
Is that making him to the big time or what?
I think all the oxygen just got sucked out of this room.
Getting light-headed.
I just want to say one thing.
Is the business we've chosen.
Bad choice.
Wow, a Dick Farrell spy report.
Yeah, see what I mean?
Only the only the worst of the ultimate groupies would be talking about Dickey Farrell.
How many people in the audience do you think have any idea who that is?
About third man.
Yeah, my ears are about the top.
From the vacuum I find myself in right now.
What is it?
What?
Dickey Farrell.
Another never was wannabe.
Oh.
Never was.
Yeah.
Then I'll leave you a limp.
This is the kind of great crap I get on my emails.
Here's another one from Dana.
Remember Dana?
Who's the guy?
Some cost to think about my voice.
I'll print it out though.
It'll take a little extra time.
581 votes on the pool.
And who's winning?
Rush.
Make your puke.
If you saw him shirtless in a speedo 207.
The Humper's a good solid second.
They were 95.
Really rock solid.
I wonder if you think the big always going to maybe everybody ought to be tuned
in the big O2 because you probably give you a spy report about the big concert
tops over the weekend or maybe not.
Knowing that place.
Clarence probably will send her not a word about this on the air now.
You know.
We don't want to piss off Jimmy Cifalidic and the organization.
Dana says, Hey, big guy, your cough sounds terrible today.
You need something.
Oh, I see.
Where'd you go?
Did you print that up?
Hey, Lou.
What?
No, I'll do it in a little serious.
So, you know, yeah, I could use a loot.
You sick.
Really sad.
Keith says I wanted to.
Oh, this is good.
Now you won't think it's good.
And of course the audience won't either, but I do.
Because everybody is always saying I got such bad taste in this and music and bad.
I got bad taste period.
Although these cough drops taste good.
Okay.
These things have got, if you look under the ingredients,
every kind of herb and flower and eucalyptic, just everything that's ever been invented.
But the kitchen sink.
And where did that expression come from?
Everything but the kitchen sink.
Somebody explained that to us once, but I forgot.
Did they really?
Yeah.
You got an email or the facts or something once upon a time.
And what did they say?
I forget.
I know.
That's why I asked.
Keith says I wanted to let you know I was browsing the frozen food out for something new
and came across the stofers stuff green peppers.
I hope they're not made by Vick Stofr, the amateur race scholar at Hollywood Park.
God is he awful.
That is such an insult because the general manager of the owner of Hollywood Park had a big
countertops with a Trevor Dundman.
So he doesn't let him call the races at Hollywood Park.
It's a real Hannover back and off,
racing fifth in person.
It's Roger Houston screaming and fuking at the meadows.
Six and two.
He had the lane first time coming to the 3-8 smart.
God is his Justin with.
Looks pretty nice there in Pittsburgh.
Looks sunny and queer.
Anyway, this guy came across the stofers stuff green peppers.
I had heard you talking about them a few months ago decided to try them out.
They were really great.
I added some shredded cheese to them and pigged out.
Thanks for the recommendation you demand.
Say how to judge from you please.
I, George from Marquith.
Hi, Keith.
Love the freaking show.
Thank God for that.
Halfway home in 55.
55 and two.
29 flat in second quarter.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
Roger, you egotistical idiot.
Crazy person.
As they swing around the durn.
The I just don't understand when Dave Johnson's on Thursday.
Remind me to ask him what kind of like a mental
problem most race callers have.
Okay.
I mean a lot of them are just like crazy people.
I just don't I don't get it.
What what do they try?
What's the point they're trying to make?
I don't have to swing around the durn.
Do you are in?
Pukin yellow Roger.
In the outside screaming to you.
On the straight.
Say come.
Artful Prince lightning.
On the outside.
Eagle flight coming to the wire.
Real Hanover Eagle flight coming home.
Real Hanover Eagle flight.
Artful Prince 152 and one.
Wow.
Frank and St.
Pete says to show you how I really have no life.
As I sit here working listen you all morning.
I'm writing down phonetically all of the
youngest terms used on the year being a
goi.
I usually and he spelled that right too.
He didn't say being a goi.
I'm or some you know.
Bag grammar like that.
You got it.
I got it.
Being a goi I usually have no idea what most of the terms mean.
While some I can kind of figure out depending on how you use it.
Last weekend I went to a wedding of Jewish friends
daughter and a tag in boy.
I took my list with me thinking that my Jewish friends
could tell me the definition to the terms I couldn't figure out.
I was surprised when they could only figure out just a couple of them.
Like Hazar.
Why?
I can't read the word.
Yeah.
Something means trash or garbage.
Oh Hazarai and goi means not a Jew.
I was surprised they didn't know the word farbisen or the term
Cox el Hoi see how he spelled it.
Two of my favorite terms he used what do these mean?
Farbisen means bitter.
And Cox el Hoi means take a good dump.
Take a crap.
So there are many dialects of Yiddish or what language is it?
Do you all learn?
Yeah we go to Yiddish school and we all learn.
That's right.
How about adding a glossary on your website?
High to Neil Fried, Janice and Tampus is Frankenstein Pete.
He has network we learn?
We go to Yiddish school.
Yep.
Yiddish is the language you pick up from your parents and your grandparents
and that's probably vanishing.
All the old Jews are dying off like Hyman Roth.
He made an untimely end of the year for there was Miami International wasn't it?
Wasn't it?
Yes.
Where he got shot?
That was at the airport right in Miami.
Poor Hyman Roth.
It's like they couldn't wait it a little bit longer you know.
Michael, we're bigger than US steel.
What a line huh?
Mm-hmm.
It's supposed to be a true story.
No it's not.
That line?
Didn't we get that?
Well what do you mean it's supposed to be a true story?
What is it?
Myer Lansky made that uh...
Myer Lansky said we're bigger than US steel?
Yeah to somebody somewhere.
Maybe he said it in the bathroom.
Maybe he was talking about Luca Bratzi.
Like he was bigger than anything.
Larry says Neil Lasfrey did it was a letter to the editors about radio
and they had your picks there from 1989.
I don't know if you advised about this Friday because I was on a plane while I saw it.
A letter to the editor about radio.
Well where was it Larry?
Maybe that would help.
He's probably talking about that thing from newsmax.com that right wing
a piece of garbage?
Yeah.
We're also with this event.
Trying to think.
Think.
I don't know.
Put your thinking cap on.
I'll tell you one thing we got an hour and six minutes to kill
and we got really a dearth of emails from the people out there in radio land.
Really bad.
It'd been really good so far the first three hours.
Shocked a hell out of me.
I'm amazed we made it this far aren't you?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh here we go.
Here's the answer to everything but the kitchen sink from Paul.
I can't read these.
I think I'm going blind so I'm printing them out.
Oh and my Johnson also has a thing everything with the kitchen sink.
I'll print it both out and then we'll mix and match.
We'll see which one's got the Tony okay?
In fact isn't there a thing maybe it's at the Jackson's ice cream bar?
Don't they call it the kitchen sink?
They do.
Can I write the kitchen sink Sunday?
That's right.
Yeah.
It's got everything in there they got oh my god.
Every kind of ice cream we could imagine and whipped cream and cherries and mung.
Whatever happened all those health food joints like the unicorn and
something among the flowers whatever that place used to be called.
Remember these to be all those health food restaurants I think that fed went out.
Now we have unhealthy places.
That's right.
Paul says just a quick inter-web search gave me this answer
and Mike sent me the same one.
Comes from World War II everything with the kitchen sink when everything
possible was used to contribute to the war effort.
All metal was used for the US arsenal.
The only objects left out were porcelain kitchen sinks.
Does anyone still have a porcelain sink?
Not in the kitchen.
In the back room but not in the kitchen right?
I don't know maybe they do.
And what if they do?
Right.
What's it to you?
Everything but the kitchen sink.
I don't know with it.
I still don't get it do you?
Yeah I do know.
All the metal was used for the US arsenal.
Right.
I give up everything but the kitchen sink.
You can keep that.
It's porcelain.
Okay.
Don't say this isn't an educational show.
Let me tell you we learned something every day.
Like we should stay at home.
Here we go.
It's so long to do hour.
Hey bagging, I got the bagging.
Do you not talk to your mouth full?
Do you make me sick?
I'm not 12.
Well I got the tea bagging.
What is that in your mouth?
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth.
Why can't you ever just keep your big mouth shut?
Come on.
Come keep my mouth shut because I'm the situation.
Big mouth.
The next thing I remember is having my knees and my ears.
The tea bagging.
Go has tubes and a teeth.
Yes I'm your teeth.
Oh my god.
I just I don't have a good feeling about this.
I
can't help but ask now.
Oh my god.
Who?
I can't help but ask now.
It's hard to talk to your big mouth.
Who?
Who?
How about I sit on your kinky face for a while while you think about that?
Take a little dip.
Shake him on the bed.
Make him do a flip.
Then squeeze.
Take a little dip.
Shake him on the bed.
Make him do a flip.
Then squeeze.
I think.
Oh my god.
I'm awesome.
I think I need to go to another tea bag here.
What do you say?
All right.
Not.
I don't want to drink too much of that stuff.
Did you die?
I'm right here.
Oh okay.
Is that all right?
I can't hear what you're saying.
It's probably because you're eating.
Okay.
Are you eating something?
No.
Why not?
I didn't bring it.
I made a jolly too.
A normal cat would bring you some lunch.
Yeah.
Larry says call me stupid not dumb.
Okay you're stupid Larry.
The letter of the editor was Friday.
April 24 last Friday in the scum sent.
Anybody see it?
And let me ask you this.
So my picture was in there.
And what does that mean?
Mm hmm.
What and what was the letter about?
Wouldn't that be more interesting?
What the letter was about or what they said?
As opposed to my picture was there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that be more interesting Larry?
Mike says wrong into the stick.
Here's another origin of a stupid phrase.
If you imagine the most disgusting origin
then you were right.
It says I've heard two explanations that very slightly.
One comes from the outhouse days
when there were no flushing toilets
and the other dates back much earlier
to the days of the Roman baths.
Regardless the outcome was the same.
The person in the next stall may have asked
for their neighbor to pass the stick.
Instead of toilet paper since that was yet to exist.
The stick had a sponge on one end
and if the recipient grabbed the wrong end
they'd be getting the wrong end of the stick.
Most definitely unpleasant.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Thank you Mike.
I take back whatever I said about Mike Johnson.
That way there was sensational.
Getting the wrong end of the stick.
Mm hmm.
That's not how we say it.
But we're on the radio.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's angle parada says what kind of a name is that let's angle.
Made up made up that's right.
I have something.
I don't know what that is.
What's parada?
I don't know.
Let's angle parada.
Could you have it on your interview slice conversation
with the Humper.
Hey stupid.
No, I mean we could but we don't do that kind of thing.
The only person I speak to on the phone
once a year or three times a year
Dave Johnson before the triple crown races.
We've been doing that for years.
What about 25 years?
Okay.
Maybe not maybe not that many but at least 15 or 20 years.
I know you and the Humper are good friends.
I used to enjoy very much the crossover you both
did when Hank was doing a show in the morning.
I feel a lot of your listeners beside me.
We'd like to know what the Humper is doing.
He's still with the SPN.
And if you can talk about it,
how does the Humper feel about WQM and the way Joe Bell handle his contract?
Now like I would have to ask him that.
Right.
How do you think he feels about the way Joe Bell handled his contract
and treated him?
Huh?
God, what a question.
That was funny.
It was.
I don't know.
The last time I had any contact with the Humper,
well no I think that back.
I had that dinner with him at Woodvine
if that awful Willow's joint that night.
That's a long time ago.
And then the other time was he called in one day about something.
I forget what it was about, remember?
Yep.
And that's it.
See these people assume that because we've worked on the same radio station
or we're in the same business,
that all of us are part of this one big fraternity.
You got the wrong business.
That's the jock fraternity.
Right.
I just had a sensational message there.
I'm going to get some assistance at two o'clock.
I'm going and searching for that package.
Isn't that sweet?
That's very good.
Oh.
Oh, George Sennano's agent is back.
Our close personal buddy.
The fake agent Tim Jones.
Mr. Rogers, I caught part of your show this morning before I went into my meeting
with Joe Bella Norman Kent.
I have some good news for you in George Rodriguez,
but I can't reveal it at this time.
Things are looking up for you in George.
I also had a chance to talk with your current agent, Norman Kent.
He had nothing but good things to say about you and George.
I'm waiting on a reply from my last email and reference to my becoming spelled wrong.
Your future agent.
I haven't gotten any response from you as to what is the best time for you.
Jorge Sennano's agent.
Becoming with two amus.
Boom.
Almost be that stuck key again.
It was the letter and it didn't work on the typewriter and misery.
I know that because I just seen it.
Right.
Right.
She got that old used typewriter.
And she got the wrong paper and he sent her back in the town to get
the right kind of paper and she got all porcupine.
Wow, anything else I can get for you, Mr. Man?
I don't want to sound sexist, but every nagging bitch that's ever taken a whooping and while beating.
Yeah.
She's the reason for it.
I'm not just to fight violence against women or anybody else, but I'm just saying
there must be others like her out there.
Can you imagine?
Like your mom.
Yeah.
She wasn't quite so fun.
Oh, the fake Larry King is back again.
He must be Ethan Skolen because I keep getting all these references from Mr. Radio
about Ethan Skolen.
I don't give a crap about Ethan Skolen or his bomb movements, how do you like that?
And either does anybody else?
It says I listen to Ethan Skolen and Larry Million on 640 WFTL.
Oh, you're the one, Larry.
Million, the Amigos Spanglish is so better.
It makes the big ocean out like Walter Cronkite.
They were saying Renee Heraldo and Rolly Martin on WQB Air a lot better than QAMs guys.
Only one problem.
No speaking English.
They kept calling Jimmy Cifilis Marty Cohen and making jokes about Jimmy's white hair.
Larry Million will be doing a remote from...
Larry Million will be doing a remote from Sidonors and Westchester on Wednesday.
Well, that's good.
Let's promote all the appearances by all these other group balls.
And that's not like a plan?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
This whole thing with these emails is like an out of body experience.
I'll say.
God.
And now here's a whole bunch of other emails.
How come you didn't finish the rest of that outtake or bumper going into commercial?
Says Mark.
What is that?
Do you want to hear more of that?
Hey.
I still have it.
No, we don't want to play anymore of that.
Oh, I have a...
I see I can't read that word.
Remember the guy said the abuner he kept calling a puner?
No.
That's what that means.
I have a puner.
Oh.
Oh, here's one from Henry Barrow.
Wine consultant and wine educator.
I gave him your email.
Remember we were talking how come he doesn't email you.
What do you mean you gave him my email?
He said, let me get to the...
I'll tell you what I mean.
And he said, if I knew how to get a hold of Neil,
and so I sent him your email address.
Well, how did he find your email address?
You're a schmoozer man.
There's nothing you know of that.
He found me on Facebook.
He found you on Pwist Book?
Yes.
How embarrassing.
And he wrote me.
What was that nice?
Yes, it was.
You want to see what he says?
Sure.
That's the break.
Go ahead.
Oh, but this is great.
This is pretty interesting too.
And his beautiful daughter is a drama teacher now Gables High.
Oh, excellent.
And his chairman of the fine arts.
He's a brilliant girl and really attractive too.
I wonder who the real father was.
A last Henry.
Just a Joe Kenry.
I always liked Henry.
Me too.
The only thing I said about Henry is the last time we saw him.
He had ballooned up to about 800 pounds and was rather shocking.
I hit just when he worked just never.
When you work with somebody for years and years.
And then all of a sudden you haven't seen him for years.
And then he was there.
He was a little chubby.
He had a wee bit of a punch.
Right.
And then we see in the next time it looked like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his hand.
Right.
Wow.
Oh.
So I guess he must have been doing a lot of whining and dining.
Like Joey Carr would say dining and dancing.
If there was ever a more stupid spot, I forget what restaurant that was for.
And it's probably just as well.
The Joey Carr TV spot.
Dining and dancing.
And he's moving his hands.
Yeah.
Like a puppeteer.
Like Ken.
No matter.
Yeah.
Oh.
I remember those.
Joey Carr.
And his brother Steve Cohen.
I wonder which one changed their name.
Holy Makin' on.
This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Wow.
I'm in the White House.
The White House.
The White House.
The White River Ericsson.
This wall is not white anymore.
Hey.
There's a nice old cow.
Take it.
Tear that up.
What has made it in 1825 mean?
Who cares?
Where's some paper when you need it?
I got to drop off a steaming pile of chains you can believe in.
This will work.
It says legislation on it.
I'm sure I'm not the first one to fill this with crap.
Oh boy.
After this I got to break in the first leg and do some presidential humping.
Oh wait.
My mom was toned on.
Let's go find those.
Oh enough to sell.
Find out what Bill Clinton met by White House bone smuggling.
Yeah.
Our...
Our...
Magnitudes 6.0 earthquake reported 50 miles northeast of Acapulco.
I need to like that.
All right.
They got the Shvinehone flu.
Yeah.
Earthquake.
All of these things.
Right.
All right.
Do you think it's an act of God?
Probably be.
You know what?
Probably one.
Be oh also.
And be Arthur.
The big oh rock solid.
He'll be on a tube by the way to give you the real dumb the real poop.
I want everyone on the weekend with a draft party.
How is it big?
He's gonna want to say anything about it.
He's big and what?
Yeah.
You know what we are.
They'll probably come in and put their...
Clarence will put his hand over his push.
Have you seen Clarence today?
Yeah.
What are you saying?
Nothing.
To me?
Hi.
Maybe?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
What are you gonna say to me?
Something about that clip we played.
Nobody said anything to me.
You just played it to get Clarence upset.
No, that's not why.
I thought it was gonna be amusing or exciting.
It wasn't.
It was boring.
It was much to do about nothing.
If I would have heard it live, we say I never would have.
But if I would have heard it, I wouldn't have even paid any attention to it.
And these people...
Oh my God, did you hear what happened on the drive?
Oh my God, and Jimmy and the big O.
Proving once again that the old expression is right on.
Spot on.
Here's the poll.
626 votes.
I can't believe that.
Which of these people would make you vomit and hurl the fastest
if you saw them shirtless in a speedo?
Rush Limbaugh, 213.
Kick an ass.
The Humper 97.
Mancourt or 63.
Jim DeFeed is 51.
Larry King 35.
Barney Frank 28.
Michael Moore 27.
Don Iman's 25.
William the refrigerator Perry 16.
He's been ill in now.
He's got some issues.
When you weigh 6,000 pounds, you wind up with issues.
H. Wayne Heisinger 16.
Mohauer David did it.
12.
Ellen DeGenerer 12.
L. Sunshine 11.
Howard Spurmaid Dave Gamede, the Beast 2.
And Kimba Bocaper has finally got a pair.
The Wooden Statue of Kimba Bocaper.
You know who it was conspicuously absent from the line of
the releases I read it for all I'd drought coverage on the station?
I mean hockey seasons over for the Panthers anyway.
By the way, how about the Rangers?
Rangers choking and gagging.
Rangers.
All those big mouth New York sports fans.
Rangers.
Took a weapon yesterday and I loved it.
At Friday night, Alexander Overture scored a goal.
The likes of which I don't think I've ever seen in my life.
But right through the two defensemen, I put the puck right between the
last defensemen's legs and stuck it in the net.
It was just a thing of beauty.
Are you coaching about Overture?
The Ranger fans are.
A lot of coaching going on.
Oh, here's Henry Barrow's email.
Good.
I think I got the Schfinan Hood flew.
He says, Hi Neil, why would I think you'd let my former employer in any way?
I guess it's an addiction, but I still send you in Georgia on Fridays when you're out playing.
What does that mean?
I still listen to you, comma, and Georgia on Fridays when you're out playing.
Oh, I see.
Sounds like you've made it up there in the frozen North.
My daughter Tracy is now the drama teacher at Crowley Abel's High School and is chairman of the Fine Arts Department.
You hear the sirens again?
Oh, her name is now Tracy Barrow Shoyneblatt.
She has a fantastic three and a half year old son named Jack with two Ks.
He has so much fun and is going to be tall like his father.
We kept him for three days while Tracy took her students to Tampa for the drama contest last week.
I'm exhausted.
I hear you talk about how fat I must be last year lost 35 pounds and I'm lighter than I've been since I was in my 30s.
I am old 73 on June 6th, but healthy and having fun with life.
Well, good.
My only regret is that I didn't go into wine business earlier in life.
Hope you're feeling well enjoying your life.
You are one of the good guys in the radio.
Well, thanks Henry.
There you go.
Another one of the good guys.
Nice.
See, I never had a problem with Henry and you're trying to make it like, you know, okay.
No, it's just a joke.
Why are you so uptight?
Okay.
Next thing you'll be saying that I say things on the year and pretend that you said them.
Oh, look at this magnitude 5.8 quake shakes tall buildings.
On the streets basically just evacuating and just taking precautions.
And you were giving me an idea even though they felt it in Mexico City.
Give us an idea of exactly where they believe at least the episodinal for this thing was.
So if you can follow me here, we have a map of Mexico.
The episodinal to please right here when you see this aid.
This was in the state of the little, which is, it's a blue color.
Which is a huge story.
It's a blue color.
It's about 50 miles south.
About 145 north of that epicenter you have Mexico City and they need to feel a very strong, a very strong shape there.
If you could see, like some of the pictures we're getting from Divia, Seca.
People just basically left their buildings.
There were out on the street.
I mean, you already have the city on very high alert because of the epidemic situation going on, going on in the country.
But they felt it as far up as Mexico City.
Yes, Mexico City.
We have seen some of the videos, some of the quickest video we can get was out of Mexico City.
But what do we understand?
Even though it was a little ways away from this epicenter.
What's the situation like in Mexico City just in regards to this earthquake?
Are they evacuating any buildings, damages, what are they?
Yeah, everybody, Mexico City sees a lot of the tornadoes.
So I mean, they're very prepared for this situation.
People knew where to go.
They have plans in action.
So everybody went to their meeting quickly, but we're hearing from Tevastec.
So it was very organized.
It was in chaotic.
No, thank God for that.
Don't they have enough tourists already with that damaged fine-hung flu?
I know they got to deal with a freaking earthquake.
I don't know.
I don't understand.
God has got bad aim.
Don't the Mexicans already have enough problems as it is?
I imagine.
I know one.
And he sure has held us.
Mexicans have got more than enough to deal with us.
Fine-hung flu and now an earthquake.
The Lord, you know, the same thing with New Orleans, man.
All in poor schwarxes, they were in New Orleans.
They were living like garbage.
And God aimed at them, hurricane, that Katrina, right up their ass.
The Lord.
Isn't that the same God that invents all these damn things?
That's the one.
Like where did this fine-hung flu come from, huh?
Pigs.
Who invented pigs?
God.
Puerco.
Oh, here's one from the dead Rick Weaver.
I think I left a flask with some soda in it at the orange bowl.
It's under the desk at the booth.
Could you have someone look around for it and set it up or just bring it to you when you come next week?
Oops, not supposed to leak that.
Thanks and take care.
See you soon, Rick Weaver.
That's Mr. Weaver to you, with says.
That's cute.
Mark, you need help, Mark.
Sorry if I'm being an ass.
He says, you are.
What he wants to hear, and it's got nothing to do with the thing that I played.
He says, into commercial, you play the sound by O Neil, but you don't finish the end part where he says, my queen God.
O Neil, my queen God.
Yeah, the other one's got nothing to do with that.
Mark.
Oh, I don't know which is more exciting.
That or that thing about the picture of me in the Sun Central.
Which one did it for you?
That thing we played earlier with that supposed spat that wasn't one.
Yeah, that did it for me.
It killed some good time.
Give me a chance to author and make some of them hot Camel T.
Now what T is the best for sore throats and coals and flu and stuff?
Hot T.
No, no, but which one is eight million different kinds of tea?
Is it like green tea or?
Yeah, I'm not going to get into that because you know the people that like the herbal teas are going to say, oh no, it's this stuff.
It's this, the less the oldest and that hot.
Hot, the one that tastes good to you is the best.
Oh, well, none of them really taste all that good.
Like the constant comment.
How about the last 30 or 30?
And the split is like a hundred years old.
So it's potency is kind of like limited.
How about Earl Gray?
It's kind of a no, no, Earl Gray is.
Oh, it'll clear up your sciences there.
You will.
I don't know.
Earl gay.
I wonder if Jimmy Cifillitic endorses Earl gay.
Can you imagine all the showers that Jimmy took in the locker room with those dolphin teams?
No, but you even saw David Woodley rest in peace naked.
Look at this.
Talk about this is the business we have chosen.
Marvin Albert must choose between football and pay cut.
We're in a frickin' depression.
You know that?
If I told you that, it's not a recession.
We're in a depression.
I don't want to say somebody manufactured it, but nevertheless, whether you believe it's a legit or not, we're in a depression.
Earthquake in Mexico, Schmeinhorn, flu.
Newspapers, radio TV.
The sky is falling.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
This is American economy.
A polling with a capital A.
Absolutely ghastly, fretful.
A visible with a capital A.
Horrible.
Yes, it is.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying over here.
Schmeinhorn, flu baby, 131 at 560 WQAM.
I didn't get any more tea because I don't want to overdo it.
Okay.
Actually, I need some.
Either that or here's George.
No, no.
Rudy says Starbucks Tazo Green Ginger Tea is the best for killing your cold.
The ginger is the bomb.
Thanks for the last take care of my friend PSI George Grachio.
Says Rudy.
Tazo Green Ginger.
I'm not going to Starbucks, okay?
Do you go to Starbucks?
Sometimes.
I can't afford it.
I'm going to go to Tim Hortons.
The fake Tom Jekyll's back sends me this article.
Unless Marv Albert wants to take a major pay cut, his six-year run is played by Playboy
some Monday Night Football on West 1-1 radio is over.
You know who used to do Monday Night Football and did a hell of a job on Westwood 1?
Toad toad toad toad.
Him.
Marvolo says contract worth about a half a million dollars a year expired.
And Westwood 1, which has undergone major financial restructuring, is in severe cost-cutting mode.
Sound familiar?
The suits there are looking to whack Albert salary in half maybe more.
Industries by say Albert's initial reaction was to nix the $250,000 plus trimming.
But you never know our stuely said.
When he looks at the deal and the fact is it's for 16 weeks in the playoffs and Super Bowl,
maybe he decides to take what they're offering, especially in this economy.
Sound familiar?
Yep.
Westwood 1 pulling a financial rabbit out of its head.
Recently was able to retain its NFL radio rights.
Albert's contract expired in conjunction with the expiration of Westwood's last NFL contract.
Norman Julius, boomer, a size in.
Definitely will be back as Westwood's Monday Night Football analyst.
His last contract worth about 600 grand a year according to Well Impeted Westwood Mole.
Stipulated if Westwood 1 kept the NFL package, boomer would return to BLAB.
Oh, and wait till you see this.
When you hear this, you're going to slide off the chair.
Let me put a seatbelt on.
With Albert's departure from Monday Night Football distinct possibility, Westwood spies already are speculating about his replacement.
The inside track is occupied by Ian the bird, Eagleton, or I can't read it.
Kevin screaming how a harlan.
Ian Eagle, two others generating interest, our Wayne Leroy, the radio voice of the packers, and Bob Papa, the giant radiocaster.
Papa, I hear the part.
Okay?
You strapped in real tight?
I am.
In Westwood 1's case, the rotten economy is rolling play by play salaries back to the days before Albert joined the Monday Night Football team.
The voice he replaced, how are David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David look?
Was making a hundred and fifty grand per before Marvelloso cop to gig.
So, Marv Albert was going to have a million year.
How were David and David and David and David was getting 150?
How do you like that?
All I can see that is.
We took the door.
Yeah.
Wow.
He was good at my night football in Westwood 1's. He really was.
I know you're shocked.
No, not.
Well, it's a topic that you know nothing about.
So, just as well, you know, you admit it.
You don't like it.
You don't want to know from it.
Right.
Don't stay away from it.
Nothing to do with me.
How many votes we got on the pool?
We got 646.
We might do 650 today.
Wow.
Would that be a feather in my crap?
Hearing that how are David is offering to take the gig back for a hundred thousand year it says here.
That's what the fake Tom Jicca wrote me.
It's got a picture of Marv Albert there without the dress.
What is it that he dressed up and wow, that's all news, you know.
In like a woman's underwear.
I don't know.
Hey, two weeks at zone.
That's what I was saying.
Sure.
Any guy that's not a pervert must be dead.
Right.
Yoshi Schmendrick is back.
Aren't you excited?
I always think you would be now.
He says, oh my God, that was the worst argument between the big O and the syphilist man.
Damn, do I hate Jimmy?
I don't even like the big O but sure wish you would have clocked Jimmy Limbaugh right between the eyes or maybe in the balls.
So in action right out of the dolphin booth where he doesn't belong anyway.
Bring back Mo or even Bill Simfer.
I can't freaking stand that pompous ass.
He's definitely the worst play by playing including guilty.
Go away syphilist.
I hate you and you blow.
Says Yoshi Schmendrick.
How do you like that?
Wow.
I think during this break we better make some more tea.
We could plant you and me.
I'll go get some too.
We didn't know you won't.
No, I won't.
Well why not?
It's too late.
I could.
There's a box over here somewhere.
Too late to turn back now.
Big old box of Lipton.
The Dow is down 84 points.
The economy is going to hell.
The world is in the depression.
Earthquake in Mexico today near Acapulco.
We've got the Schfinheon flu that's sweeping the globe.
Everybody's in the, you know, everybody that sneezes is like,
oh cover your nose and they cover your mouth.
Wash your hands a lot.
The one thing they left out was to say a little prayer.
Right?
All these getchkeys, man.
All these Bible thumbers always giving me the,
oh the power of prayer.
Well, never been a better time to start praying then right now.
I'm going to make tea.
You pray on the key.
Oh, gee, and I just got back with the damn tea.
It is so high.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Hello, I was calling about the wabits you have for sale in the paper.
Okay.
What kind of wabits are they?
Okay, I have some lops.
Yeah.
And I have some lops.
Some spotty lops and some sawing, calling lops.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straight ear dough and I have two dwarfs.
What a dwarf.
There's small radii.
Oh, okay.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the wabits on a farm.
You wouldn't have any like little wabit handcuffs.
A what?
Little handcuffs for the wabit.
A handcuffs.
Yes.
I never heard of them.
What?
Well, we used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wabits.
And we take them and nail them to a twee by their ears and its skin and a wife.
Uh-huh.
There was.
Hello.
And now I think that's what you will do at least right, sir.
I couldn't say you're ready.
We have a little game we play called all wabits must die.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
I wouldn't say you're ready.
A bird.
Dessert dollars.
I like to hunt the wabit.
Well, it's okay.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits.
The peas aren't the kill.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully.
Now, sir, I'm sorry.
And say you're ready.
Sometimes we even spare them due to head with a rusty water.
Poor little wabit.
142 at 560 WQAM.
Earthquake and acapolico.
Shreinhoon flu.
Circling the globe.
And what are we worried about?
The draft.
What else is there?
I'm going to see.
Eee.
Hey.
But you notice what?
Dry.
Good.
I'd say about 95% over this crap.
Good.
And then this is a bad time to be having a crap because you know, stupid people right away.
Oh, I got this one.
Oh, I got this one.
You know, like that.
Right.
Panic people.
And of course, if you watch, if you're into the media, they keep you on edge all 24-7.
That's how they make their living.
Keep the world, like the George Bush motto, you know, keep them scared.
The war on terror.
The war on terror.
All these terror, they're out there to get you, man.
Under every bed, there's another terrorist, especially in Toronto.
Now, Polly, whoever he is, sent me a pretty interesting thing a couple days ago.
In fact, this is going all the way back to last Tuesday.
And I didn't know how to use it, but since we got a couple minutes to kill here,
a list of Jewish people who changed their names when they converted to Thessianity.
Isn't that cute?
That's very cute.
It says, I know you have a stage name as well, but some of these names.
And I have a stage name only because it'd be helpful for us not to name anybody who would remember on the radio.
Who?
Exactly.
And what could be more Jewish than needle Rogers?
Right.
I'm going to go down this list.
And some of these people, I had no idea, were Jewish.
How do you like that?
Like Charles Bronson.
Did you know that?
No.
You sent him a bitch.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Charles Bronson is Jewish?
Did we ever get to think about Phil Specter on here?
I know.
I put it on the website.
You did.
And he got convicted to the side of the reach.
I saw it.
Joey Adams.
Real name.
Joseph Abramowitz.
Eddie Albert.
Didn't know he was Jewish.
Oh, I wouldn't have dreamed that.
Eddie Heimberger.
Woody Allen.
Alan Konosberg.
Lauren Bekaal.
Joan Persky.
Jack Benny's real name was Benny Kubellsky.
Milton Burle.
Milton Burlinger.
I knew those.
Ernest Borgnein.
His real name was Efron Borgnein.
I wonder if Efron and Baton Rouge is here on that.
Think?
I'm sure he is.
Don't know too many Efrons.
George Burns.
Nathan Beer and Baum.
Oh, that's one of my favorite names in the world.
Jewish or otherwise.
Beer and Baum.
It's a good one.
Don't you love that?
Mm-hmm.
It's right up there with Robinowitz and Schwartz.
Joan Blondell.
Rosebud Bluestein.
Wow.
Joyce Brothers.
Joyce Bauer.
I wonder if she was akin to Papa Bauer.
I gotta blow my nose now.
This is okay.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Would you say that?
What?
Go ahead.
That's what I said.
Go ahead.
Oh.
One more inspiring.
He says it.
With all due respect.
Oh, please.
Mel Brooks, Melvin Kaminsky.
Joey Bishop.
Joey Gottlieb.
Child Bronson.
Charles Buchinsky.
Rhona Barrett.
Rhona Bernstein.
Rhona Barrett.
Oh, my God.
Sid Sherees.
Tula Finkley.
Tony Kernas.
Birdie Schwartz.
Everybody knew that.
Bernie Schwartz.
Okay.
John Crawford.
Lucille LeSur.
John Crawford was Jewish.
Oh, my God.
You gotta be kidding me.
Did you know that?
Nope.
Not only didn't I know it.
I don't believe it.
You believe it?
Why not?
Why would they lie?
It's a Jewish plot.
Diane Cannon.
Sameel Freason.
I'm not going to be able to do a finish these five minutes.
Unless I take another one of these damn coffers.
Just rest on.
Stop trying to read that list.
Wow.
Bring some tea instead.
Is God punishing me?
Yes.
Wow.
I made it through almost the whole four hours.
Congrats to me.
Hey, Cooper.
You might need to be hind licked.
Yeah.
No, it's just flim.
Never the worst.
I think it's a big problem, but it's not.
Wow.
John Crawford, Lucille LeSur.
Diane Cannon, Sameel Freason.
Kirk Douglas, is it or Demsky?
Bob Dylan, Robert Zimmerman.
That's before he found all those other religions.
I say.
Rodney Dangerfield, Jacob Cohen.
Douglas Fairbank Jr., Douglas Alman.
Joel Gray, father of Jennifer Gray.
Joel Kats.
Stop trying to play a bit.
Why?
Because so that you can cough and drink some tea and get that.
Get that.
Elliot Gould.
Elliot Goldstein.
Zajda Gabor, Sarah Gabor.
Zajda Gabor was Jewish.
How do you like that?
John Garfield, Jules Garfink.
Judy Garland, Francis Gumm.
Paul Ed Goddard, Paul Ed Levy.
Edie Gourmet, Edith Garment, Garmasano.
That's what sounds Jewish to me.
He's married to Steve Lawrence, who is very Jewish.
But Edith Gourmet, Garmasano, sounds something.
Tanya.
Julio, admit.
Yep.
I like you guys.
See, it wouldn't have been fun today if I didn't have at least one episode like this.
I'll say.
Spread the word, he's got the Shrine Hunt flu.
Carrie Grant, Larry Leach.
Lauren Green, Hayam Leibowitz.
Oh my God, Lauren Green was Hayam Leibowitz.
Wow.
Judy Holly, Judith Tuvon.
Wissley Howard, Leslie Stainer.
Putty Hackett, Leonard Hacker.
Jill St. John, Jill Wapah Oppenheim.
Danny K, David Kaminsky, Alan King, or when Nieberg, Larry King, Larry Zygler.
Zygler.
We knew that.
Tina Louise, Tina Blacker, Anne Landers, Esther Friedman, Dorothy Lamora, Dorothy Calmyer,
Michael Landon, Michael Orowicz, Steve Lawrence, Sydney Leibowitz, Sydney Leibowitz,
Hal Linden.
Oh, you're going to die when you hear this.
Hal Lipschitz.
Wow.
Jerry Lewis, Joseph Leibich, Carl Moldin, Meladen Sikulvich, Ethel Merman, Ethel Zimmerman,
Jan Marie, Marie Janoski.
Walter Matthau, Walter Matas Chantske, it's got 400 net letters.
Wow.
Lily Palmer, Maria Pizer.
Jan Pears, Pinkis Pearl Mooth, Roberta Peters, Roberta Peterman.
There are only a few more.
I'm sure you can tie to these.
No, no.
Eleanor Parker, Ellen Friedlob, Joan Rivers, Joan Molinsky, Tony Randall, Sydney Rosenberg.
Sydney Rosenberg, did you hear that?
Is Tony Randall?
Wow.
Edward G. Robinson, Emmanuel Goldenberg, Donnie Dineshore, Fanny Rose, Shelley Winters,
Shirley Shrift, and Jean Wilder, Jerome Silverman.
Is that shocking or what?
Joan Crawford was Jewish.
I don't believe that.
Can you believe it?
I can believe it.
She was in the show business, wasn't she?
Is that what it's all about?
You have to be in show business.
You have to be Jewish?
No, just a...
If you are, you aren't.
I'm saving that.
That's right.
I'm saving that for the next time I can't speak.
Well, it's a damn good thing I made me another cup of hot tea.
I don't think I made it through these last 90 seconds.
So what?
Oh, nothing.
I'm just getting some sympathy.
But you know how frustrating it is when you got a talk.
No question.
And the Lord is infecting me with this Shrinehund Flour,
whatever this is.
God.
It just hangs on, like you said,
it waxes and wanes and waxes and wanes.
It hangs on tenaciously.
What if I croak right on here, would that be good?
Well, that'd be a tenac.
A big number.
Maybe twenty.
Oh, here's Jimmy Cifalus again.
Man, he tells me you're still taking shots at me.
I've already requested Orlando remove from future broadcast.
You're next.
If you keep it up, I'll see to it.
The organization is aware of WQM's lack of compliance.
Josh and Joe will not like this.
PS, thanks for the mention of the Miami Rescue America.
Now, I don't promote other people's charities and stuff.
Promote it yourself.
You got the big audience over there.
Mr. Big Shot.
Promote it on your fascist station.
Okay.
You right wing sell out.
You loser.
You total.
You fairy.
Faker, Jimmy Cifalitic.
We better watch it though, because the organization is going to be made aware of all of our
my intempered behavior.
Then we'll be in big trouble.
Oh, I think that's it.
I think I made it.
Barely.
Oh, yeah.
It's day.
Miami Town.
At 5'6'0, WQM.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit.
A boob or a roll, not much different like a typical meocompaagat.
Hands off to Larry.
We all thank you.
For giving right or something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you vote by I.
Larry, crack thank you.
Or tap your shoe.
New stories last a few days.
But you refuse to go away.
Republicans are crime.
I really did.
It's off to Larry.
We treat up the heart.
We all invite you to it.
And a lot of fun.
Welcome.
The meocompaagat.
Doing certain go.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Larry, crack will spread his legs for you.
He wants a man to scream.
You're fair.
All right.
