We are out at time at 10 o'clock.
Neil Rogers is coming up next.
Have a great day, everybody.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and
we've got a few technical infugles.
So maybe we'll have a show and maybe not.
Maybe not.
You know, we know great.
What is?
Oh, whatever.
There's a live experiment today.
You're in the same website.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, well, 16.
What are you doing?
I am Miami Ford Lauderdale.
Ready?
Very important moment right now.
Oh, yeah.
It's Mando Conny and Warren.
Come on, always go back.
This is the new improved the Eroger show without Chris Whalen, who didn't keep
that in the way he's working some other shift.
Anything to screw the show, that's what this station's all about.
Anything to screw that Roger is in.
Get him to walk out.
Well, guess what?
I came back.
How do you like that, Charlie?
We'll learn something good.
What?
Nothing.
I'm the George Corso there.
I'm talking to George Corso.
He's not part of the fishing show.
Yes, what?
He is now.
This is a new job.
He's not.
He reminds me of a show with me every day.
And his ass out of it.
So anyway, we're not going to have a show open.
So just go ahead and do something whenever you want.
Spend so palminor.
Poverse over this performance by the dolphin.
Absolutely.
Boy, did he stink or what, huh?
Even Grandma Boone never saw so many apple turnovers.
Oh, my goodness, it's a nap.
His plan.
My Annie has the dolphins.
And here we go again.
Another losing season.
That's never gone.
And they never win.
They never will.
And I will never know.
Why sports so ashamed to pick them.
So when the super bowl and they're up.
My Annie dolphin.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
I did too.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
The same old story.
Nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the fairy start.
I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the whimpy way?
It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines.
We look just like a fag.
And they're the...
You fed.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Thirty-two.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
They're problems.
Tick to them like glue.
The dolphins wash the buffalo and then
they're gonna be Tennessee.
It's only by Sherlock that they pulled out of victory.
And then they play the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling onsite kick in there.
The Miami dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Thirty-two.
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
All in no more ain't these no shoes.
A dolphins can't control the fall.
Their running game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gonna blow a lead of that.
You can be sure.
And when they leave the field.
So has the stench of common door.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
My Annie dolphins.
My Annie dolphins.
Give them another shot of glue.
Oh, you're awesome.
A dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the victory.
It's injure.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
As Jason Taylor and Zack Thomas.
Which theme is the worst?
And they'll say Miami dolphins.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
What the hell, thirty-two?
Miami dolphins.
Fuck thirty-man.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Well, ten oh four five sixty WQM.
If I sound a little bit off, that's because I am.
Yeah, a nasty, nasty cool.
Right on the ass end of this cold.
That sound bad.
No, actually.
How about now?
A little better.
Let's see, the fakeberry jackass or maybe the real one, I don't know.
We were just starting to get a couple of emails because our website is down and it's been down for a few hours.
Which also means that the email thing, the hour her express was down.
Now the outlook her express is back up.
That's the good news.
The bad news is the website is still down.
Wait, is it bad?
Yes.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, just right.
Time, what timing.
Woo.
Let's see.
Let me click on that thing there.
And there it is.
Leave it to that Eric and all this henchman up there in Orlando, man.
Although I don't have the whole thing.
I got part of the page.
I got the grid.
There it is.
Finally, it came on a little bit slow.
Better slow than never.
So anyway, the dolphins stunk.
It was an embarrassing performance.
And the red button was just, I mean, so bad.
There are no words to describe it.
He completed a lot of passes.
Most of them are guys with a purple shirts, but nevertheless.
Look at that.
The poll is back up.
Woo.
We're streaming.
I'm screaming.
Another exciting?
Yeah.
Just in time.
Has Tony Bennett would sing?
If he could.
I think I'm as good as singer as Tony Bennett.
Yeah.
What?
He's bad.
He is real bad.
Just in time.
I found you just in time.
Yeah.
I think he knew the right people, man.
If you know what I'm saying.
I don't want to cast any aspersions.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to.
Gag my way through this.
Better.
Four hours.
So here's the deal.
Which deal?
I don't know.
So many deal.
Whatever.
Whatever follows that can only be funny.
We have so many deals.
They're all bad deals.
I did get to see how he man dealt.
Did you?
Yeah.
And deal or no deal.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And there was this dark,
conflicted lady.
It was the contestant.
And she wound up, I think, with about a hundred and,
I don't know, a hundred and some thousand.
And Mama was one of the, you know, they have the friends and family on the side.
They're, you know, coaching and giving advice.
Take the deal.
Don't take it.
And Mama said, there's a lot of money, honey.
There's a lot of money.
Keep it.
And I thought she was going to, like, I thought she was going to kill the daughter right there on the stage.
She was, she was really pissed off, you know, or at least putting on a good act anyway.
Take it.
Take it.
No, dammit.
You take it.
That's a lot of money.
It was, it was, and then,
then when she wound up winning a hundred and some odd grand,
then Mama gave a, how he man dealt, a big bear hug.
And of course, you know how a germaphobe,
who gets a crazy person.
Oh, yeah.
No touching.
He was wiggling and, oh, doing everything, you get away from Mama's grasp.
He's, he's nuts.
What was the big deal with him all of a sudden?
Nothing.
I thought it was an adequate stand-up comic, but that's it.
Adequate at best.
And now he's big star man, deal or no deal.
Here's a email from Barry Jackass.
Like I said, I don't know if it's the real one or not.
We got the website back.
We got to be streaming now.
Wow.
Barry says, welcome back.
Was that the game yesterday?
The big O and Joe Rose got into with.
Orlando's seeing very surly toward everyone.
That's probably because he's rock solid.
He's putting Joe Z.
Well, who wouldn't get surly with Joe Z around?
What the hell was he doing there?
Bill Zimfer sound a great with Joe Z and Curtis.
Was Bill Zimfer on our area yesterday?
I don't know.
See now that we don't have factories.
That's right.
We don't have the pipeline.
That's right.
We don't have the pipeline of the sports.
You want to pretend to, you know, apologize for the dolphins or something?
No, but then again, this was just a scam just to piss me off to get him off the show
because he's working on the early show now with Jesse Aguilera.
What's his name?
Jesse Aguilera.
Aguilera.
What's his name?
Aguilera.
He used to pitch for the mats.
Between five and six in the morning, now that Joe Rose is doing the full four hour, six
to ten.
So he's on there.
He got his benefits back.
He's doing full time.
He's doing the bedtime stories.
I guess.
And it's just that he can't work on his show.
It's just another way to screw us.
And you know what, Joe?
Well, guess what?
We keep showing up every day.
You better get George that car to why you're at it.
Mr. Fetzel, I'm holding my breath.
It says what's a great atmosphere in the stadium.
Too bad the fish stunk it up.
Yeah, that crowd was whipped up.
I watched the whole thing on TV.
Need to figure out how to run the ball.
It says.
Fans turned hostile towards Chad calling him the possum after the four interceptions.
Did you hear Phil Sims?
Yeah, I had to hear Phil Sims on the sideline.
On the sideline.
God is he obnoxious.
Yes.
Oh.
But I still enjoyed every second of it.
It was.
The offense had a brief three-nothing lead and that was the end of that.
It's only a ball game, right?
Right.
George, George ain't upset about it.
He's upset that his car broke down.
I'm upset that it was sick with this nasty cold all week down there on vacation.
Almost from the minute I got there.
Maybe I got it on a plane, you think?
Maybe?
They always talk about bad circulation, bad air circulation on the plane and all this other crap.
That's why we all get colds and allergies and crap.
This is one of the nastiest colds I've ever had in my life.
And there are people out there thinking, good, you deserve it.
You he didn't faggot faster, you?
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, just got an email from Eric saying the server's up now.
What a comedian, what a clown.
What a fat clown.
Everybody loves a clown.
In your case, Eric will make an exception.
What a comedian.
Oh, yeah, look at this.
Now the emails are starting to pour in.
Servers up now.
There's the email from Eric.
Servers up.
Yeah.
Serves up.
Now, what is this very jackass saying?
Any truth that Chad Pentington is McVenter's long-lost grandson?
They were calling Chad the opossum at the game.
I don't have any idea what that means.
The possum.
Jim Woods was the possum on the pirate broadcast.
That's what Bob Prince used to call him the possum.
Listening now says just Bob.
Well, great.
And Brandon says, well, whatever happened in that opener,
the stream went to commercial for a second.
Anyway, if you do ever get your website working here,
it's important you might consider.
Well, this is good when Neil hangs up his microphone,
like maybe later today.
Or himself for good.
What will George do?
You want to hear the choices Brandon's got for you?
Oh, whatever.
Start us on.
Why are you so in debt on the price thing?
Oh, I'm a little distracted today.
Don't worry about me.
Just because of, you know, this is a whole new thing.
You tell the news to get the F out.
Okay, whoever that is.
No, no, there's no one here.
Then what are you talking about?
The whole new setup over here.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable.
I'll get used to it.
I'm comfortable with what?
With, well, I don't know what's going to happen.
But the next time I push any of these buttons, that's what?
Well, we'll find out.
Yeah.
If the open didn't play, okay?
Well, we go, well, let's do experiment on the phone.
Yeah.
There you go.
QIAM, hello.
Nelson, happy new year.
Good morning.
Yes, happy new year.
Just kind of, I wanted to share something with you just to, you know,
show you the extent of where these Christian waffles to the point that we've gotten.
I'm exiting a Mylon supermarket, which is over here on US 1 and 32nd Avenue by Coping a Grove.
And as I'm exiting the store, this lady walks up the dining room and she's like, you know,
sir, sir, in a front-around, she had one of these leaflets, those Christian pamphlets,
one of those, you know, like, very nice full-colored deal, full dog, I mean, these, the words.
You know, I, well, I leave, even though I resisted beers to, you know, be rude or say something smart,
I believe, but whatever.
I was planning, like, no, thank you.
Well, she starts going on this tirade about others in Angel watching what I'm doing right now.
Yeah.
And he's documenting the fact that I'm rejecting the teachings of Christ.
Well, go back and run the bitch over.
Okay, and have a great day.
Well, there is, see, our first call was fine.
That sounded good.
I mean, he didn't have anything to say.
It was just a long convoluted, ponderous story, but nevertheless, at least it sounded the same.
That was so, just completely everything for Christ.
Wow.
Maybe that show opened, jaded me or the lack of a show of just relax.
Okay, it makes no difference.
I know.
You're right.
When Neil Hang's up his own microphone, what will George do since Brandon?
Start his own show, commit suicide, become a full-time drug dealer, join the roller derby, become a male hooker, become a carny, become a pimp,
become a panhandler, get a real job, go home and wait for something to happen.
That carny has just done.
So, wait for something.
I think that's what I'm going to do right now.
I can't want to do a carny.
Oh!
Oh!
M-O-N-D-A-Y-S-U-T-K-S
Oh!
Boy, have you got your attention now?
I'm afraid I have some very bad news for you.
Oh, yes.
We hired a new air personality.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
It's a woman.
Oh!
Yes, yes, I know.
But when management heard her audition tape, they wanted to hire her immediately.
Her name is Anita Marks.
Now, here.
Listen to this.
Welcome to the Anita Marks boardhole program mentioned the secret boardhole in 150 dollars.
You may be wondering why I'm dressed this way.
Well, I need a broad book to double find one.
I thought a change of my name to Anita Brood, but that's a more ridiculous thing I have all right.
So, I changed it to Anita Marks.
And just to make matters worse, I woke up this morning with a hockey puck in my panties.
I would go there, I'll have an op.
Don't forget to visit your clinic, the Soto dealer, and tell them Anita sent you.
At 18 at 5.60 WQAM, buy Anita.
Bye-bye.
She'll be starting soon, I'm sure that.
I'm probably 10 to 2.
Speaks in Longwood, trying to rationalize the embarrassing, humiliating performances that
often gesture to this is, you think your boy, Matt Castle and Bill Velichite were able to make their golf
tee times early enough yesterday to catch the dolphins to give him an TV afterward.
Love your buddy.
Speaks in Longwood.
Yeah, I'm sure they did watch it and enjoyed every second of it, just like I did.
It's one thing to make the playoffs, it's another thing to be embarrassing, and another thing to get there
by beating up on Airby Little Girls' team in a league.
And just squeaking by some of them like Oakland, by the way.
But nevertheless, let's not get George involved all that sport stuff.
Hey, go for it.
Now, the way, well, no, now that we got no fat Chris Whalen.
Oh my God, look at this, an article about Bubba Loves Bunchew has heard this morning and
he's been looking forward to my ears and also heard it here.
I guess he was saying just kissing my ass all over the place, going to a branded and one other
emailer this morning, let me print this one out.
And this is great that we're getting some emails now.
Oh yeah.
Oh man.
He's only ever said good things about you.
Who?
Bubba.
How do you know that?
To always heard.
So what is that supposed to be?
I'm going to kiss his ass.
I never heard him on the air.
Send him a card.
You know, send him a holiday card or something.
Yeah.
Happy New Year, Bubba.
Or whatever.
Mary says, welcome back.
I just lost my job before Christmas and the Employment Security Commission website is down.
At least I can kind of collect unemployment maybe, says Mary.
We moved out of Miami seven years ago to go to North Carolina.
Never look back.
But I can hear you on the Internet, says Mary.
Thanks, Mary.
Happy New Year.
Here's George's poll from Friday.
Now, what kind of a time did you have last week with fat Chris?
A fine time.
We had a pretty good week too, the week you were on vacation.
Things went swimmingly well as I recall.
But then again, that's a long time ago.
Right.
Last year.
When you get to be old and feeble like me.
What was your New Year's resolution for this year?
With George's poll question?
Timely?
857 votes?
Week.
I didn't make one 438.
Of course, right around New Year's, he's going to be voting on our poll, right?
I'm busy getting drunk.
Is what?
I didn't make one 438.
Lose weight, 149.
Lose weight.
Have more sex, 36.
Mastermate more 24.
Find a life 23.
Get a better job, 21.
Spend less money, 21.
Take less crap, 18.
Get a boyfriend or girlfriend, 16.
Quit smoking, 16.
Do more drugs, 13.
Quit drinking, 12.
Get divorced, 10.
Be more selfish, 9.
That was mine.
Yeah, that's all right.
This is our first show of the year 2000.
Yeah, yeah.
Do less drugs, 7.
Finish my degree, 7.
Mastermate, less 6.
Come out of the closet, 5.
Be less selfish, 5.
Have drink more, 5.
Smoke more, 5.
Break up with boyfriend or girlfriend, 4.
Sounds like a really good plan.
Let's see.
My thing is not working too good here.
It's like on slow cook.
I don't know what's going on.
Smoke more, 5.
Quit doing drugs, 4.
Have less sex, 3.
Out of 8.
57.
What kind of idiot would say have less sex?
Unless they're having like bad smelly sex, you know?
Maybe.
Unless their partner is discussing it.
Maybe they're doing it wrong.
Maybe they're just not doing it.
Last name dropping at its finest,
Bubba returns to boring radio.
This column by Don Brown, Southwest Florida,
blogspot.com,
In Fort Myers, no less.
La Belle, Florida.
What a bastion of great radio that is, La Belle.
Wow.
A mishmash of not funny talk radio aimed at young males
with Tampa-based, brash, raspy, throtted,
Bubba loves fun.
And lame sidekick, Spice, Brent Mason, and Nade.
After a long stint on Syria's satellite afternoon radio,
Bubba returns to add terrestrial radio to his arsenal
with never ending talk about his musician, friends,
wrestling buddies, racing buddies,
continuous sports celebrity name dropping,
appealing, you would think, to only 17 to 25-year-old guys.
The Bubba show, after you're listened to with first hour and a half
seems like a monster truck loaded with advertising batters,
Hawking stuff that would only appeal to young males,
who would be listening to this radio other than a few guys on their way to work.
I don't talk to unemployed men,
probably more like a target audience.
I don't think unemployed men, probably more like a target audience,
would be up at 6 a.m.
It's chopped off on the right badly.
Someday though, we're gonna work on that and get it straightened out.
One day.
You think?
As soon as we get the audio ball in the situation next.
Oh.
So hold your breath.
Oh, well, let's see, we got five years to go.
That's right.
Sponsor's ads may be the most exciting part of the four-hour broadcast.
Loud announcers behind rock music,
Hawking, lookers exotic, erotic, possibly psychotic men's club in Fort Myers,
auto detailing, auto repair, what goes on?
I don't care about those spots.
I can imagine the show survives only as long as advertisers can be hoodwinked into buying spots on it.
When the advertisers found out they've been hit, I would guess they'd pull out sooner than later.
Don't pull out sooner than later.
The crude language is toned down from Bubba's Unabred Seria satellite radio show,
in order to meet FCC requirements for traditional radio wave broadcasting.
But even so, an occasional ass wipe,
Fag in some other narrowly offensive languages heard.
Oh, we even we can say ass wipe, and Fag.
You're fairer.
Yeah, and like that.
Even we can say that.
BubbaRaw.com is semi-porn wrestling hot-gale photo website,
of BTLS.com and BubbaRami.com, the online Bubba Store.
We're mentioning, making me wonder, what's with having so many different websites?
Per this morning, we're name drops of Bubba's son Brent,
wrestler Hulk Hogan, race driver Tony Stewart, Bubba's football star friends,
Bubba's other wrestler friends at a very bad commentary about the weekends Palestinian Gaza's
strip invasion by Israel comparing it to, of course, to Bubba's favorite topic, a wrestling match.
Oh, boy.
Whereas Bubba, it says Miami Beasley Broadcast Group for Myers 96.1,
Tampa, Orlando, Yadi, Yadi.
RadioListers looking for entertaining talk and not finding it here can still,
by the way, in the afternoon, listen to Stan and Haney show 2pm and 4mirus K.
Rock 96.1, or Miami's, by the way, of Toronto, Canada,
Nearodger show mornings on the internet, or on wqm.com of 560 at 10am.
How do you like that?
Thanks, Don Brown, whoever you are, gives me an ice plug there.
Rips Bubba and Ass.
Never heard of you like that.
Never heard it.
Never heard what?
Bubba, I guess I'm going to have to start listening, right?
I never heard of me there.
I mean, I like monster trucks.
Fake clearances.
Did you hear Jimmy's call of a game yesterday?
What a great job he did.
His call was depressing as ever when perfect with an offense performance.
Who says Jimmy sucks?
George, I hate you now.
The tummy is gone.
I'm getting off you next to destroy Neil show.
Getting you off.
He's going to get you off the show.
Oh, they're working on it.
I'm sure.
They're trying to get you off the show.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
I'm not going to happen.
I'm going to show up every day, clearance and the Joe five years of hell.
Johnny for Lauderdale says, oh, and also somebody says you have a lot of Cuban music in the background.
Well, there's nothing unusual about that.
It's part of the, uh, part of the station.
No charge.
Part of the Estacion.
It's really.
That's right.
Have they ever heard of a simulcast before?
Come on.
That's right.
Well, some are casting with Fidel.
Johnny for Lauderdale says Bill Zimper appears every Sunday on the Sunday morning sports page with Curtis and Joe Zagaki as the QAMS NFL insider.
I didn't know that.
Zagaki hosted the coma inducing dolphin pregame show.
I don't know if it's ever made an appearance yesterday or not says John.
I think a lot of QAMS hate the big ol' like poison.
How do you like that?
They hate the big ol' like poison.
Rock solid.
Not so rock solid after all is according to John.
Now, why would that be?
Mm.
If that's the case, maybe that explains just how bad that last trend was.
We're not going to talk too much about ratings anymore on the station because we don't have any.
We're not going to.
No, I'm we're never going to have them.
So, you know, what's the use?
I'm not getting all that depressed about it.
I'm, you know, I told you a long time ago, like two years we were going down with a Titanic.
I was screaming and yelling.
Now I got a, you know, a throat situation with his bad cold just going away.
Yeah.
I'm not going to scream and yell.
It's the beginning of the year.
Don't scream screamer.
Okay.
It's the first show of 2000.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Is he still around, by the way?
I bet you're still coming up with a few bucks to pay that jackass.
Here's the poll we got going now.
It's a Charlie B poll.
Uh-uh.
409 votes.
What the hell just happened there?
Oh, it's loading my, it's loading my crawler.
I said my, my, um, thing.
Which utility company or service provider do you hate the most?
Credit card 113.
Electric power 103.
Cable TV 94.
Cell phone 45.
Land phone 31.
Internet provider 24.
Bank 21.
That was my vote.
I'm not going to mention the name of the bank because then this place look at all upset.
But I'm going to tell you bank stories.
My bank down here.
I wouldn't wish them on Hitler.
Okay.
I wouldn't wish them on, uh, BB Robozo.
Satellite TV 17 Postal Service 15.
Water 7.
Gas 5.
Satellite Radio 5.
Garbage pick up three pool cleaning three and landscaping three out of 498 votes.
Now you're going to be able to press that thing.
We're ready.
You're ready now.
Ready.
Hey.
Stinch of power manure covers over this performance by the Dolphins.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Simon is very sick and dying.
I'll say it again.
Simon is very sick and dying.
While at home he smells his favorite oatmeal raisin cookies, cooking downstairs.
It takes all of his strength.
But Simon manages to get up from his bed and crawl downstairs.
He sees the cookies cooling on the counter and staggers over to them.
As soon as Simon reaches for one, his wife Janet's wrinkled hand reaches out and yells,
no!
Those are for the funeral.
Now page two.
Amanda decides to march in the Holy Crusades, concluding that his wife should wear a chest
that he belt while he is gone.
He locks her up.
Another reason secure.
He gives the key to his best friend.
He tells him if I do not return within four years, unlock my wife and set her free to live a normal life.
So the husband leaves on horseback about a half hour later he sees a huge cloud of dust behind him.
He waits for it to come closer and sees his best friend on horseback.
What's wrong, he asks?
Well, you gave me the wrong key, Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day?
1032-560 WDQ.
And boy, this throat is as raw as you get some lozenges.
Yes, you should.
But I don't.
Maybe I'll put my clothes on and go over to the Chinese market and say, lozenge.
Lozenge?
You have no rock monest man at all.
Go get some, somebody will go get you some lozenges.
And who would that be?
Don't you have a whole bunch of people over there hanging out?
No, I sure do.
A bunch of Mexican refugees.
Top five lies about Israel's assault on Gaza.
I'll get to these other emails, such as they are.
But this is more important, a little more timely.
Written by Jeremy Hammond on the Smirking Chimp.
Line number one, Israel is only targeting legitimate military sites
and is seeking to protect innocent lives.
Israel never targets civilians.
The Gaza Strip is one of the most densely populated pieces of property in the world.
The presence of militants within a civilian population does not under international law.
To prime that population of their protected status.
And hence any assault upon that population under the guise of targeting militants is in fact a war crime.
Moreover, the people of Israel claims our legitimate targets are members of Hamas,
which Israel says is a terrorist organization.
Hamas has been responsible for firing rockets into Israel.
These rockets are extremely inaccurate, and thus even if Hamas intended to hit military targets within Israel,
are indiscriminate by nature.
When rockets from Gaza kill Israeli civilians, it is a war crime.
Hamas has a military wing.
However, it's not entirely a military organization, but a political one.
Members of Hamas, or the democratically elected representatives of the Palestinian people.
Dozens of these elected leaders have been kidnapped and held in Israeli prisons without charge.
Others have been targeted for assassinations such as Nezar Rayan, a top Hamas official.
To kill Rayan is real targeted at a residential apartment building.
The strike not only killed Rayan, but two of his wives and four of his children along with six other people.
There's no justification for such an attack under international law.
This is a war crime.
Other of Israel's bombardment with protected status under international law have included a mosque, a prison, police stations, and the university,
and additional residential buildings.
Moreover, Israel is long held Gaza under siege, allowing only the most minimal amounts of humanitarian supplies to winter.
Israel is bombing and killing Palestinian civilians.
Countless more have been wounded and can't receive medical attention.
Hospitals running on generators have little or no fuel.
Doctors have no proper equipment or medical supplies to treat the injured.
These people, too, are victims of Israeli policies targeted, not at Hamas or legitimate military targets,
but directly designed to punish the civilian population.
Line number two, Hamas violated the ceasefire of the Israeli bombardment as a response to Palestinian rocket fire and designed to win such rocket attacks.
Israel never observed the ceasefire to begin with, from the beginning of an announced-day special security zone within the Gaza Strip,
and announced that Palestinians who entered this zone would be fired upon.
In other words, Israel announced its intention that Israeli soldiers would shoot at farmers and other individuals attempting to reach other own land and direct violation of not only the ceasefire but international law.
Despite shooting incidents, including once resulting in Palestinians getting injured, Hamas still held the ceasefire from the time it went into effect due to 19 until Israel effectively ended the truth of November 4th by launching an heirsd reck into Gaza that killed five people injured several others.
Israel's violation of the ceasefire predictably resulted in retaliation for militants in Gaza who fired rockets into Israel in response.
The increased barrage of rocket fire at the end of December is being used as justification for the continued Israeli bombardment, but is a direct response by militants to the Israeli attacks.
Israel's actions, including its violation of the ceasefire, predictably resulted in an escalation of rocket attacks against its own population.
Line number three, Hamas is using human shields of war crime.
There has been no evidence that Hamas used human shields. The fact is previously noted, Gaza is a small piece of property that is densely populated.
Israel engages in indiscriminate warfare, such as the assassination of Niza Rayan, in which members of his family were also murdered.
It's victims like his dead children that Israel defies as human shields in its propaganda.
There's no legitimacy for this interpretation under international law, and circumstances such as these, Hamas is not using human shields, Israel's committee war crimes and violation of the Geneva conventions, and other applicable international law.
Line number four, Arab nations have not condemned Israel's actions because they understand Israel's justification for its assault.
The populations of those Arab countries are outraged at Israel's actions and that their own governments for not condemning Israel's assault and acting to end the violence.
Simply state that the Arab governments don't represent the respective Arab populations. The populations of the Arab nations have staged mass protests and opposition not only to Israel's actions, but also the inaction of their own governments, and what they view as either complacency or complicity in Israel's crimes.
More over the refusal of Arab nations to take action to come to the aid of Palestinians is not because they agree with Israel's actions, but because they're submissive to the will whether of the U.S., which fully supports Israel.
Egypt, for instance, which refused to open the border to allow Palestinians, one of the attacks to get medical treatment and Egyptian hospitals, is heavily dependent on USAID, and is being widely criticized within the population of Arab countries for what is viewed as an absolute betrayal of the gods of Palestinians.
Even Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has been regarded as a traitor to his own people for blaming Hamas for the suffering of the people of Gaza.
Palestinians were also well aware of Abbas past perceived betrayals and conniving with Israel and the U.S., the sideline that democratically elected Hamas government, culminating in the counter coup by Hamas in which it expelled the Fartakh from the Gaza Strip.
While his empirical was to weaken Hamas and strengthen his own position, the Palestinians and other Arabs in the Middle East are outraged at Abbas, it's unlikely he'll be able to govern effectively.
And line number five, and I'll be glad if I can get through this. Line number five, Israel is not responsible for civilian deaths because it warned the Palestinians of Gaza to flee areas that might be targeted.
Israel claims it sent radio and telephone text messages to residents of Gaza, warning them to flee from the coming bombardment.
But the people of Gaza have nowhere to flee to. They're trapped within the Gaza Strip. It's by Israeli design that can't escape across the border. It's by Israeli design that have no food, no water or fuel by which to survive.
It's by Israeli design that hospitals of Gaza have no electricity and few medical supplies with which to treat the injured and save lives.
And Israel has bombed vast areas of Gaza targeting civilian infrastructure and other sites with protected status under international law.
No place is safe within the Gaza Strip.
Antesia Malayla. Yeah, that's right. Got to suck up the Israel baby because they're always on. Remember that great experience that was being on last summer. You're in a half ago.
Oh, well, it's just a all all this crap, all this propaganda. You know what I've always said about it. It's the Israel's and the Jews and the Arabs and if they want to kill each other, have a good time.
Have a good time. Leave the rest of us out of it. Okay. We don't want to participate. Pretty please. Yeah.
See, we'll crap and going on for five, six thousand years, killing and killing and butchering and just devastating 524 votes on the pull. There's my friend Maria.
See if there's anything else. Not Maria. Some other bitch. I thought it was Maria. The Dow is down 43 points, by the way. Some of the brought on CNN. Well, look at look at those emails, man, pouring in and not not.
When you think it's the first year of two thousand nine, I've been away for 10 days. When you think no, well, you're too realistic. That's right.
I'll tell you how we coherent people are after New Year's. The fake Larry Kim. I'm going to read this just the way it was written. Okay.
Hey, Neil, happy New Year. Glad you were back. Boy, did the fish suck yesterday. I guess they did it with smoking mirrors this year. What are the all fans going to do with all the time in their hands?
I heard the pregame show on WQM. The Vingo and Joe Rose got into it over the tight ends. I guess they were trying to figure out who's ended was tighter. Did you hear any of Jimmy Cifalus? No. He was so bad.
I had a tune in the WQBA Spanish broadcast, even though I couldn't understand a word of it. They were a lot better than Jimmy. I buddy ran into Mo with the Volca ale house. He was Mo. It was in good spirits, but looked old.
The last two sent Larry was doing okay. I guess his bag probably spilled over because what I got to the last two sentences. He kind of lost it there. I buddy ran into Mo with the Volca ale house. He was Mo was in good spirits, but looked old.
The Volca ale house. You run into Mo there by chance just this morning. Run over him next time you see him. If you ever get that car. Come on, jolly, Joe. Get that thing going, man.
I got a spotlight. Let's do it. One, two, three.
Stench of Palminor covers over this performance by The Dolphins.
A magic that makes you very rich. Spineless, we need to do it.
First side on your own. Did jellyfish moron? Harry will think over forwards for whatever he don't comes once.
The Volca group fly. Harry read. Close himself a demo to read.
So it's not fit to lead a girl scout. Every every sense everything that's wrong with the demo.
My staff has always said don't say this, but I'm going to say it again because it's so descriptive because it's true.
The tourists lined up in the summer and winter in the summer time because the high humidity and hot it gets here. You could look at the smell of tourists coming into the cabinet.
And that may be descriptive of his trip.
The Balmita hates you. Every weed. Rubber's death in barely beneath.
Weak meat and healthy like Nancy Pallavi. Go back to the bottom. This contaminated yellow glass.
You can play about the only foot foot.
1047 and 560 WQM. Let's take a look at that schedule for the first full day of the new year. The first non-holiday day.
We got big old despised by all rock solid emails. They hate them like poison from two to four.
Mad Dog 4 to 630. 630 to 7. We got Hurricanes warm up and then we got Hurricanes back to ball. 7 to 930 UAM against FAU.
And then 930 we got the Fiestable Texas and Ohio State. God are we sports intensive today or what?
I got bad news for Eric by the way. The stats are not working on the website. I mean the audience doesn't care about that but I do.
Don't you care about it? A little bit. Okay a little. In other words it's screwed up. It's still screwed up and that's because it was down. It was down, down, down.
God I got to go down before it goes up. Is Zack still working with us this year? Yeah I saw him this morning.
Well look at that. They got Jesse and Zach and Greg on the Joe Roe show. We got me and George.
It takes four people to do that show. We got two people on this show. How do you like that?
Well that's important. Well screw them. Okay. Screw them.
And they take Chris Whalen and they stick them on at five to six A.M. show with Jesse Agler.
No I'm just he's a good guy you know but nevertheless.
And they couldn't be on this show. No they had to have George in there doing like four people's jobs because all the big bucks you're making it because of that big three pay raise.
That's right because of a car that I'm sure they're not going to get you got to justify that salary.
And I got news for you know if it were last year at this time I would be glad to help out with the new car.
Don't worry about it. Like I did for years and years and years. Thank you. But now.
So let me tell you about all the money I lost at Hard Rock and Pompoot Park. I should have been smart and gone. I've seen our friends at Gulfstream.
When I was down there the four days I did not do it. You people are going to play the slots at Pompoot Park.
Just hand them your money when you walk in the door. Just put your hands up in the air. Say reach in my wall. Take everything I got and turn around and walk out.
They are running such a I mean just whatever they're running there man it's insanity. I still do like my runs deli though.
And whoever said they were closing up we went in there two or three times I forget maybe maybe three.
And the place was jam packed every time.
And the hard rock. I'll tell you one thing I'd like to be in a future life.
Yeah. That place. Same thing. And I wonder if they're regulated. You think the Indians are regulated by the state. Oh I don't want.
Because I bet you that hard rock is paying out maybe 10% on the slots maybe 10% and then I come back here. Thank God for wood buying.
You can you know all you people out there all your experts and how I should spend my money.
I made back Saturday morning and yesterday yesterday was gigantic made back all the money I lost on there all week.
And it was a substantial amount. How do you like that? All right. Love wood buying. So yeah it's cold and there's snow on the ground.
Sun is shining though it's beauty. I wonder if it's like minus five million yet. Let me take a look for Castanova.
Okay. By the way, Bubba's going to bury Castanova is what somebody said minus four Celsius. What is that?
I'm going to look at my convertor. Very close. 26 I would say. Is that right thereabouts? Well there are boots.
Rocky says at least when something isn't working fat arrogance it fixed the signal today is terrible.
The signal today is terrible. How do you like that? Hello. Yeah. I'm back.
We have got a cacophony of technical issues, man. It are just overwhelming. Overwhelming.
Can't Charlie Joseph and one of his lackeys out there to pee on the tower or something? Like maybe critical today is terrible.
It says by the way, while you were down here, did you get to the Mortons? They just opened a four-letter.
I didn't get to know fancy, shmancy restaurants. In fact, the only restaurant we went to was Myron's in Pompo-no Park twice.
I went there to Pompo twice two times too many. I forgot the best news of all the good news I got on my email.
Getting to break. I mean Arnold's reopened on Thursday, New Year's Day. Really? 7 a.m. All right.
Got a nice email here from Wayne. It says Neil, I have the White Hots and Red Hots in from Rochester. Well, I have my homemade Italian meat sauce ready for opening day.
Thank you for everything you've done to keep the Arnold's Royal Castle dream alive during these past three and a half years.
And then an interesting way of putting it, keep the dream alive.
Sure.
Castle's phone number is the same. I'm not keeping out the phone number.
And then he's got his cell number. I'm going to give you a cell phone number.
Oh, yeah.
I'm your friend. Can I have some White Hots? I want to stick one in my rectum.
I saw him hungry.
Neil of tried several times to call would appreciate the bat line number possible looking forward to Friday.
You would nearly burgers White Hots or anything you wish. He doesn't realize that I'm not there.
Boy, you know, so I never thought about it. I could have gotten that line makes me wonder if it's from the real Wayne Arnold.
They tried several times to call. Yeah.
Because certainly I was taking calls. And it's not like anybody would have to wait a long time to get on while I was taking calls.
So you're suggesting this is the. I don't know. I don't know. But are you suggesting that Wayne Arnold has never had a problem getting through to us before.
Wayne Arnold has the. That's because we used to take a lot of call.
Wayne Arnold who has my cell phone number. Oh, you guys lost it. He used to.
Really?
Let's see. Laszets says glad to have you back. Oh, who's this picture of?
This picture is my. Oh, yeah, Mark Sanchez. I did watch that game. Nice going USC.
I picked Penn State's ass that miserable old Joe Pa.
145. He'll still be coaching the team up on the up on his with his call.
Asked me bag. Joe Pa. They kicked their ass. Yeah, I did see Mark Sanchez.
He says what a cutie. Yes, he is. That was the first time I saw him and I thought you might want to check him out too.
Here's this pick. Anyway, happy. Thanks. Well said. Yeah, he's okay. He could play in my team anytime.
Hey, Mark. Mark Sanchez. Sounds Mexican to me.
You think I don't know. Here's one that says okay.
You prove it to all of us. You aren't on board with a Jewish agenda. Congratulations.
Even if the Arabs nuke Tel Aviv. I'd say, oh, yeah, right.
Just so you can demonstrate your independence. No, that's exactly my feeling.
I've had the same opinion for years and years and years. Okay.
And when I mean, is the idea for Israel to create their own Holocaust of the Palestinians? Is that the idea?
Pay it for electricity. No water. No food. No, we're going to go.
But yeah, that's why I'm saying it. Why can't some of you people out there come with grips with reality?
But nevertheless, and like I said before, let them all kill each other.
That's basically what they want to do. Have a good time.
Here's one. It says, how about this idea? Why doesn't George just go to a car?
Do you purchase or lease a car? He's lucky that your contract has his job guarantee.
Does he need a free car as well? Tell the bum to get off his ass and buy his own car.
Says, or hey, and Miami, I'll screw you. Or hey, and Miami.
Everybody's out of work. Nobody's got any two nickels to wrap together. This guy's giving you a hard time about to get in the damn car.
Everybody else in that place has got a stick in car. I guarantee it.
You're not going to get no jaguar. It doesn't he understand that this is radio.
We don't pay for nothing. God not supposed to anyway.
What? This starts off the new year with a shot at little George.
I mean, not totally incorrect, but nevertheless.
No, I mean, I'm sure that's what I'm going to wind up doing.
What? Buy myself a Yaris or something?
A Yaris?
A Yaris. I'm going to say Yaris.
I'll be damned.
Oh, we got a celebrity death.
Do we?
Well, that that's as frost-mysk to the sourness, the negativity, and believe you me, as cold as hell as it is here.
It's kind of funny. I'm almost over my cold.
But the whole week I was there, not only was I sick, but one of my friends was sick as hell too. Same crap.
Allergies, colds, all of these things.
Nasty, nasty, hostile people like George and Miami who wishes you a wicked death.
I'm sure.
Probably one of your people.
I know. He's jealous.
565 votes on the pool. Our goal is 700.
So you don't care about the pool so I don't have Christopher fall back on anymore.
I'll get protected.
But don't pretend.
Oh, come on people.
No, one thing we have.
Heeey!
One thing we don't want in this show is inciserated.
However you say it.
Oh, come on. I got a whole bunch of...
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I'm telling you Moses must have wisest men.
Hi, radio. My sugarna.
Abraham was devised as hell and you Moses.
I say Abraham.
Abraham.
John came and went as worse.
Amen to death for all.
After a hard day arguing religious law,
these thirsty scholars head for their favorite refreshments.
Israel Lightview.
The height.
It's a match for all.
Israel Light.
Smooth as Lux and Cream G.
And it tastes great.
But last to feel it.
Last to feel it.
Israel Light.
The beer chosen by the chosen people.
11-11-5-60-1-2-Q-A-M.
The jackass that sent me the cost to email about.
Well, did you get a lot of hate down here
while you were from all the hateful people in San Florida?
I don't need to be down here to get paid
because we got this email thing going.
Right.
So I can sit right here in my Toasty apartment.
Don't have to go flying and schlepping all over the place,
fighting in the airport.
Sit right here.
Get plenty of hate.
Keep the hate common.
NeilAtNearRodgers.com.
Here's a great picture though.
It says a classic picture of Namaskar,
hatred from the pro-Palestinian demonstration
in Manhattan yesterday.
And here's this Shmata head.
And he's got a big sign that says,
Death to All Juice.
J-U-I-C-E.
Maybe he's talking about OJ.
Even Apple juice?
Cranberry juice?
Guava juice?
Numskylde idiot.
Shmata head.
It's a battle of the head gear, baby.
We got the best head gear.
Brandon says, don't know if he went back to Toronto.
What day?
I went, came back Friday.
But yesterday, powerball started here in Florida.
So if you were here yesterday,
you pick up a ticket or two.
I wasn't there yesterday.
And if I was, I wouldn't have picked it up anyway.
Well, what are the chances under powerball?
Like, one in 70, you got two trillion, something like that?
The jackpot's 105 million.
I know you don't like the Florida lottery,
but even after all the taxes, I wouldn't mind winning.
I wouldn't mind winning either, but it's not going to happen.
I don't waste my money on lottery tickets, no more.
I'd rather waste it at Woodbuy.
At least I got a shot.
I got a shot.
What about that, the John Traolder's kid dying?
What about that?
I cried and cried.
Okay, no.
Well, I don't mean, don't say like that.
What?
He didn't do nothing to you?
No, he didn't.
It's just one of those things.
It's one of the many of these.
It's a huge deal out of it.
You know, it's a tragedy, but it's one of those.
That's why I said it.
That's why I said it.
It was a tragedy for the family and friends and so on,
but we didn't know about them and who they'll care.
Well, we didn't have the one dead guy.
I'll get to it here.
Pat Hingle.
He died.
Who?
Pat Hingle, a veteran actor for Her
perhaps best known for his Batman role.
He died Saturday, at the age of 84,
was a top supporting actor in film TV and theater.
Not a household name, but his broad Hangdog screenface became a household image.
Hangdog screenface.
He was perhaps best known to a generation movie fans,
his commissioner James Gordon in the first four Batman films.
That was at the same, that wasn't the same commissioner Gordon is one on TV though.
Was it no?
Oh, the film.
So, you know who it is?
I do know, yeah.
He died Saturday night of my load.
He suffered solid, the last time.
He became a household image.
On film he worked with stars ranging from Clint Eastwood to the Muppets.
He was Sally Fields' father in Norma Ray and Warren Bates in Splendor in the grass.
He played the bartender who needles Marlon Brando about his former prize-fights style
and on the waterfront.
And he was the sadistic crime boss who terrorizes Angelica Houston with a bag of oranges
in the grifters.
James Morrison, the actor who is best known now for his role as Bill Buchanan in the TV
series 24 was a friend of Hingles and worked with him in the 83 production of Canon
Hot 10 Roof at LA's Mark Paper and Form.
Something that's chopped off.
It was a long, long, long, long, long, long, real bitchy-wear.
It goes on for three frickin' pages here.
How do you like that?
That would do some kill some good time while we got that Cuban interference in the background.
Eric says these stats saw it be caught up now.
They are.
Thank you, Eric.
He is phenomenal.
He really is.
He's the unsung hero of this show.
Eric will start singing, singing what?
His praises.
Oh, I just did.
Son of a shiner, man, it's beautiful.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
I'm putting my shoes on and getting out of here.
I'm running for the door.
So everything seems to be working okay.
You were so negative there at the beginning before the show.
God, you should have heard this guy.
Of course, we also had the website was down and we got a lot of Cuban interference.
It's a, it's a pulpore of technical mong is what this place is.
Technical mong.
I remember a couple of years ago when this still was a real radio station.
Remember that?
No.
Before Joe Bell waltz in the door.
Now what is this broccoli casserole?
Oh, this is a joke.
Delete it.
I just did.
A joke.
Ready for that?
No.
This is the best they got for the new year.
Is a frickin' joke?
Good.
God.
583 on a pool.
The votes are coming in pretty good.
Which show utility company or service provider do you hate the most?
Credit card company 139.
That's because you got them all run up to the max like all of us do.
Because nobody's got any money.
It's a depression and people are going to start getting real surly now, surly or
than usual.
So don't get too upset about George from my mind.
We're taking that shot at you.
Oh, go run.
Yeah, you are.
Well, crying.
Nasty bastard.
People are having a tough time getting three nickels to rub together and these bastards
are sending their usual hate.
Buy your own car.
You bastard.
Baa.
Baa.
That is how we buy our cars on the radio.
I don't got no car from the station.
No, but I got two Corvette's and I pay for them both.
But you could.
Could what?
Well, let me tell you about that.
They're not going to give me no.
At this stage of game, this fat old tub of garbage is going to find me a car.
Right.
Once upon a time.
What?
What, where did I get a car?
No, we could have.
Everybody could have once upon a time the trade deals.
It was very standard for anybody on the air.
In this station?
Once upon a time.
You talking about it in the Greg Reed days?
Okay, sure.
What do you, you're kind of like Lane Loa and Joe Bell now because you really think he's
going to buy you the car?
No, I don't think any such thing.
He wouldn't give you two cents to stick in your nose or wherever else you want to stick
it.
Or maybe up his.
Brack them.
Yes.
I'd love to see that though.
I'd like to see him get up real fast and watch the pennies hit the floor.
One down each pant leg.
That would be great.
Here's a Bubba's fire report.
Bubba's love sponge was gushing over you this morning.
He must have mentioned you ten times, but had nothing but admiration and big respect
for you.
Said you were one of the few true talents left in the radio and a radio legend and a
God.
He said you say it like it is and don't beat around the bush.
I must say, say, his show is pretty good, too, Neil, though no, Neil God.
Certainly better than old Ron and Paul.
Love you, Neil.
Says, somebody, wherever that is.
Brandon says on the other hand, I hope you had a fine vacation.
Just so you should know, Bubba spent the day racking on a few other radio people, but
made it clear he would only do it to people who deserve it because they started stuff
with him.
As of right now, Paul and Ron Elvis, Durand, which is the morning guy in why 100 and
you are on his good side.
But regardless, his show is unlistenable.
Says Brandon.
I guess I left that out.
His show is unlistenable, Brandon.
So how do you like that?
Hmm.
I've never heard of it.
I don't know.
Either we don't have much of an audience or they don't because we sure haven't had a
whole bunch of emails about, hey, Bubba loves bunch.
They viewed in town this morning and boy, you should have heard it and he talked about
you and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
Don't have too much of that.
Well, it's the first day, you know.
First day of what?
People are slow.
You know how they are.
They suck.
God.
And let me say it again.
Don't go to pop it on, play those slots.
It's like handing over the money.
It's like somebody's got a gun to your head.
And those, those quick hit, you get the bonus game and you can get like 70,000 free spins
and you still get like 2 cents.
You know, they just don't give you anything.
What's going on there in my estimation is absolutely outrageous and totally, positively
unacceptable.
I do like the hard rock though.
You know what?
I like the ice cream.
Okay.
How come you didn't give me all hooked up to go down to Gulfstream?
I was there.
Uh, mm-hmm.
You didn't call me?
Didn't call you what?
A spick?
Just calling, say, hey, hook me up.
I didn't know what your agenda was.
My agenda was being sick all week.
It's just too far for me to go.
Pop it, I was no well-picked to keep it.
I don't realize how far that is.
Hard rock, those right down the Hershey highway, right down 441.
Mm-hmm.
The average agent there is death plus 10.
Average agent, Pompo, is death times 20.
I mean, oh, I feel like a, like a child.
Old.
Croxity and old.
And wandering around like practically knocking you down, you know, that kind of stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Here's one from somebody that says, Wesley, happy New Year.
I can listen to you live through my car audio system now.
Thanks to my new iPhone.
Your station stream is live through my iPhone and out to the MP3 to these speakers.
See, that's way too complicated for me.
No, we've been talking about that.
We have?
Yeah, it's because when we were talking about satellite radio and how that's going to be obsolete,
because everybody can mess up any kind of an internet stream.
Because there's one out there's phone, not just the iPhone either.
It's not your phone.
You can hook up your phone to your car and play anything that your phone will play.
So it's just like the old days when I could hear your W.I.O.D. show while waiting for the lights to change in 441.
Who needs serious?
Grayshow, even if it is from Alaska, sarcastically says, rest from O'Cala, former voice palm.
Kill it from Alaska, okay?
From a civilized place.
What are you laughing about?
That was a funny little email there.
The weather was great while I was down there.
We'll say that.
That's the one thing you can't knock the weather.
It's been very nicely.
I'm going to, it was spectacular.
It was spectacular.
It was sensational.
It was fabuloso.
And then there were the people, like I've always said, a good people transplant.
A good, a good blueberry animal would solve a lot of problems in South Florida.
So above us, kissing my ass, huh?
Big deal.
Look at that.
I'm looking at my outlook.
Express nothing, not a, not a thing.
There's a few poles in there.
That's, that's good.
You notice how I did all those bedtime stories while I was on vacation?
I know.
I appreciate that very much.
Thank you.
591 on the pool.
And I did them from down there, which I, I don't know.
Oh, here they come.
They're coming to get me.
You hear it?
Yep.
You can't hear it?
I do.
Nice and loud.
Yep.
Oh, it's the fire truck.
Big old fire is somewhere.
Do you think for as many fire trucks as you see go by in a big city, they really are that many fire.
Probably mostly false alarms week.
We always have false alarms in this movie.
What?
And I don't want to say overkill, but sometimes you'll see like the whole caravan of all the emergency vehicles to get a cat out of a tree.
Well, they'll get excited after they slide down that greased pole, wouldn't you?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
This I definition TV has a 15A screen that mounts on the dash of any two-seater vehicle.
Is this legal, you ask?
Why, of course, it's perfectly legal because giant corporations deem it to be so.
For a limited time only, Nagasaki will throw in a dash mounted toaster oven with every purchase.
The Nagasaki DMTV, keep your hands on the wheel and your eyes on the screen.
Nagasaki DMTV, available at all abandoned sorts of city stores.
Oh boy, I've got some stuff here on the emails.
It's really good to be back.
I'll tell you something.
Alright, let's say that.
The only thing rough about Froggy is the sound of his voice.
At 33 of the smooth Florida radio veteran is known for the scratchy tone that gave birth to his nickname.
Do you know who that is?
Froggy, South Florida DJ?
No.
Otherwise, his reputation is that of a voice of reason on a chaotic morning,
drive time radio show.
Who the hell is Froggy?
Never heard of them.
Oh, and Tampa, oh, he jumped into a pond or whatever.
We don't care about Tampa, okay?
Thanks for the story, but we don't care.
You care about what's going on in Tampa with all of them?
No, not really, thank you.
Here's the story you will care about, though. Well, maybe you won't.
Travolta's rumored gay lover discovered dead son.
Thanks to Ken and Tobago, by the way, for sending me this.
From the gocker.
You know the gocker?
Not well.
Oh, yeah, here we go again about the hate, hate, hate, hate.
Let me block this idiot, okay?
I don't need to get experience any hate while I'm down there.
I get it all here on the emails while I'm sitting right in my chair.
Gocker, whoever the city is.
Stalker.
Stalker, gocker.
Yeah.
Nudge, Nudnik.
So anyway, let me get this thing going.
Surely, first of all, since I'm confused, I was in the car.
I thought the poll was what George would do when you retire.
I wanted to say be a recluse in North Carolina, guns, dogs, pod, etc.
Well, that's tomorrow's poll.
That's on the tray.
What?
I said, that sounds great.
It does sound good.
Not remote enough, though.
And maybe you'll have that brand new flea, the car is it to Jolly Jo's dad's right for you.
Did Travolta hire his unqualified gay lover to care for an ill child who then died on the fake nanny's watch?
If so, you won't read about it in the trashiest of internet tabloids.
A TMZ.com story on the death of John Travolta, 16-year-old son, Jett, mentioned that he was found by family nanny Jeff Kathrine,
but it didn't run a famous picture of Travolta kissing Kathrine.
And it's got the picture here connected to this thing.
They get there in a lip lock.
Did I always tell you that should John Travolta was gay?
It wasn't either the Scientology crap.
Into it.
Are you kidding me?
He's like one of the pillars of the church.
Him and Tommy Krueh.
That's right.
Hey, Tommy!
You fairy!
Well, don't say it like in such a, uh, with such a hussy, you know?
No, because he's like one of the spokespeople, him and Tommy.
He's the spokesman.
There's all like VM.
He's the spokesman.
In 2006, Kathrine and Travolta were caught by paparazzi locking lips.
They Travolta camps the official explanation.
Why John kisses everyone like that?
But in the wake of the teenager's death, nobody stopped to ask who the man who found him dead is
and what his relationship was to the kid's father.
Kathrine is one of the Travolta families, two nannies.
On his website, he describes himself as a photographer.
He mostly lends his weddings.
His qualifications for child care are unclear other than being a Scientologist like Jets Parents.
John, Revolt and Kelly Preston.
What did I tell you?
Scientologist.
I don't, I already forgot.
You know, those people are so boring.
Is that part of your handbook?
You didn't write that down?
Part of my gland book.
Kathrine's wife Anna is also a Scientologist.
He has a wife, you know.
Some Scientology critics believe the Church forces Gays and Lesbian to stand a closet and pursue heterosexual relationships, frequently citing Travolta and Preston's marriage.
Why the difference from TMZ, which is usually the standard's Bureau of Standards law lowering?
Much remains mysterious about Jets Travolta's tragic death and implied questions ought to be asked.
Isn't that why celebrity what celebrity templates are good for?
It says, take the family's unchallenged assertion that he suffered from Kazawaki Kawasaki disease.
What does that, do you have road too many motorcycles?
Sounds right.
That's what it says.
Kawasaki disease.
What is it called?
Immunological syndrome, which causes painful inflammation after exposure to carpet cleaning chemicals and that he died after hitting a sad after a suffering related seizure.
At least one doctor disputes the notion saying there's no link between chemical exposure and Kawasaki disease and that it doesn't cause seizures.
Jets may have suffered instead from autism which went untreated because it's a Travolta's adherence to the cult-like religion of Scientology and the bizarre beliefs about mental illness that go with it.
And if Travolta hired Cathrine for reasons other than the best interest of a child, that only makes it worse.
How do you like this, huh?
And you didn't care about that story. Now you do.
No.
Not even a little bit.
No.
I do.
Hey, Johnny.
You fairy.
Anything that drags these closet queens out of the closet, even if it has to be something that's tragic as somebody's death.
How do you like that?
National press release to neorodgers.com from somebody.
Oh, a Dream Acres and Algural Ball.
Will you stop sending me crap like that?
Will you idiot stop?
Can you stop? Can you control yourselves, huh?
No.
Don't you get a lot of this stuff too?
A lot of this stuff.
Oh, yeah.
All of it.
God.
Which utility company or so I never told a story about why I'm so pissed off at the bank?
Did I?
No, you didn't.
Which utility company service provider do you hate the most?
Credit card 149, cable TV 125, electric power 120, cell phone 54, land phone 34, internet provider 33, bank 24.
They suck postal service 21 satellite TV 20, water eight garbage pick up seven gas seven satellite radio six landscaping for pool cleaning three out of 650 votes.
We're going for 750 today, man.
We're shooting.
We're shooting the big load today.
We're going for 750.
Are we shooting it?
Oh, yeah.
Undeelievable.
I should have mentioned this long time ago.
What?
Not that it means anything suspicious bag found a date school board building.
Maybe she was one of the members of the school board, the old bag.
Miami police scored off a block long section of northeast 15th street this morning after receiving a report of a suspicious bag being found in front of the date school board building.
The area closed with it.
Maybe it was Joyce.
If ever there was a suspicious bag, she's the bitch.
The area closes between northeast second Avenue and Viscan Boulevard.
Thank God for my caffeine free dipepsy.
A suspicious black devil bag was discovered before dawn directly in front of the school board building.
The building was evacuated before 7 30 this morning.
Police arrived at the scene about the same time by 8 30 this morning.
The Miami bomb squad had arrived and began assessing the situation.
According to Miami fire rescue spokesman Lieutenant Ignatius Carroll, Jr.
What kind of a name is that?
Ignats.
Never heard of it.
You never heard of Ignats?
Ignatius?
Well, I must be a nickname for somebody named Ignatius is Ignats.
Okay.
That makes sense.
The word Ignatius Carroll, Jr.
said the bag was probably left by a homeless person overnight.
Oh, sounds suspicious and dangerous to me.
Never less about 100 school board employees to the Monday morning,
near Adrian Arst Center waiting to be allowed inside the building.
Traffic coming off I 95 near the Arst Center was never done.
Not allowed to continue north to second Avenue causing delays.
That's the long time ago from the herald.
Doesn't have a time on it because then again, who knows.
You care?
No.
That's because you can't be driving it because you've got no car to drive.
And so you're driving your daughter's car now?
Correct.
Which is technically mine.
I think the audience ought to chip in.
Your next appearance.
That's right.
You'll hold much of a new car and let you pick out which one you like the best.
That's your origin, Miami, man.
What a creep.
What a hard, hard, and a heartless course.
It's all over now except for the decorations.
I hate to break the news to you, Goyam, but it's time to take the Christmas lights down.
It's the fifth of January.
Time to take them down.
Christmas was like 11 days ago.
Okay.
Take them down.
We're driving around down there.
I see all these and this is after Christmas, days after Christmas, seeing all these decorations
all over the place.
Hey, Neil, happy New Year to you and George.
Could you please play the Taco Bell bit?
Thanks is Jeff.
Request from some goofball and bokeh.
I'll get to it, Jeff soon.
And that's it.
That's a memory of the input here.
Not a whole bunch of, hey, happy New Year is glad to have you back or Bubba said this or Bubba
Mike.
He said that or yadi, yadi, yadi.
Nothing.
And you want to know why didn't I predict this?
Yes, you did.
It's the first day of that and get back to business.
Everybody's back in school now.
People are back to work if they got a job still and if not, they're pounding the pavement
to find one.
They're out there.
They're out there looking in the weeds to find change.
I told you that story tonight, but when I was a kid, every now and then we'd go digging
and we find like a whole bunch of chain quarters and nickels and half dollars.
Hey, we all did.
We all did.
Half dollar.
Yeah.
Well, went digging.
So I think in your spare time, there's a new, uh, and maybe you dig up enough to buy you that new car.
That's right.
I'll give it a start taking bottle of that.
Right.
You don't want to know Roger.
I said Howard David's a bitch.
Christmas.
Well, I'm glad it's over.
Well, thank you.
That's over.
I call it to Christmas.
It's over.
We're free.
Glad the holiday season is still.
It's about time.
Yeah.
Had a cup of days off, but it wasn't no club, man.
Big deal.
And now there's naked inside my head.
Which made his head twice its normal size.
Still got lights up on your home.
Oh crap, I forgot.
After midnight.
Down you, everyone.
Should have taken him down.
Take him down you.
You need a job that really aims to top, top, top.
Why don't you take down the light?
Take down the light.
Shoot a back to my table.
Can you wear everyone one, one?
Why don't you take down the light?
Take down the light.
Shoot a back to my table.
Take him down, down.
Wasted electricity.
The size young only wants to celebrate Christmas.
And it's full of science.
Well, what are you waiting for?
I'm a lazy jerk.
Amen.
1132.
Take down the Christmas stuff already.
Will you please all you glam?
All right.
Well, you still got yours up?
No, I'd never put anything up in the first place.
Well, good for you.
I mean, not, you know, not that I don't appreciate the artistic beauty of some of the really elaborate, you know, light displays and stuff.
Some of that's pretty pretty, right?
But enough is enough.
Good no, go already.
Send all the Christmas lights over to the Palestinians.
Froggy says Brandon is part of the Elvis Durand morning show.
Did you know that?
No.
You care?
No.
No, I don't either.
Thanks Brandon.
You don't care.
I thought it was a tempest station.
I don't know.
Who the hell's Elvis Durand?
I thought he was a boxer or something.
Well, that's Roberto Durand, right?
I guess.
And then there's Durand Durand.
645 on the pole.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
We've got, we've got just gigantic work cut out for us in 2009.
We're going to have to send half the step.
All the people that used to work for us, maybe they can make some spare change, you know, during the daytime.
They can go over and take turns peeing on the tower.
No, seriously, we got that cash.
I don't want to hear.
You know, I'll be able to listen to that.
And of course, when the numbers come out, obviously nobody, you know.
Even if we had something interesting on all day long.
Bob and Melbourne says Bob prints the gunner and Jim Woods, the possum of the greatest broadcast team in sports history.
Period.
I agree with you, Bob.
And thank God they got rid of that insipid Nelly King.
Remember Nelly King?
Nope.
I got to get used to it.
Of course, neither would old Chris, fat Chris.
So what's the story?
You see him at all hours.
Well, this is the first day of this new deal.
And I don't expect I will be much at all unless he's a, you know, he's going to be the other person I presume when I have to host.
And then if I have a vacation or something, he'll be in here.
Again, I presume I don't know that for a fact.
And I'm sure I'll be seeing him like, you know, he's got to get up like three o'clock in the morning now.
To work with Jesse Agler, five to six in the AM.
QAM early edition with Jesse.
When you get up at five in the morning, you hear that show?
I'm like Jesse just fine.
Yeah, every single day.
I'm setting my alarm tomorrow.
Going to come in here and punch the little button up.
Sure.
Brian, my friend and good old Kalamazoo, he says long time,
he's not at only worse for about four counties.
So I'll just email you.
First of all, happy new year.
I don't get to listen to you very often since I moved from Coral Springs back in 2002.
I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.
22 years in sunrise, Hollywood and Coral Springs was plenty for me.
Says Brian.
Not to mention many days that I worked in Miami and put up with the traffic and all the ignorant,
snobbish people who thought they're smitten and stink.
Anyway, the very few and far between times I do get to listen to you on the nest.
It's still a great joy to hear your voice.
I'm sorry, I don't have much voice today.
I got a bad cold.
And if George were decent, let me go get some cough drops.
But go.
Somebody will go.
Somebody will go get a boyfriend.
Nobody is going to get me nothing.
Okay.
Got an army up there.
Now I got an army.
They're all sleeping.
You could leave me.
You could harvest all the crops and taxes.
Yeah, harvest my ass.
Okay.
I'll go get the combine.
Yeah.
Just brings back a lot of great funny memories to me when I listen to your show every day.
So far that.
So for that.
And you last day, thank you for entertaining me the last 16 years.
Kissy Kissy says Brian and Kalamazoo.
Maybe he's listening now.
I doubt it.
I also want to ask you what racetrack you go to in Toronto.
Now, when you think if he listened once in a while, he'd know I go to Woodbine all the time.
Woodbine.
There's only two racetracks in Toronto.
Woodbine and Mohawk, which Mohawk is harness racing in the summertime.
And Woodbine is both thoroughbred and harness racing.
Standard braids.
Here comes Chris Christoffer, what the hell happened to him?
He just made a comeback.
I think he got the, I don't know what happened to him.
I don't want to guess.
Our harness track.
This is some bad news.
Jackson Raceway has closed down and ceased operations as of their last racing day of the season this year.
It was a rundown track, but I took some of their money at times.
So did I, Brian.
Jackson, harness raceway, man.
Here comes Arnold's gem with Raymond Fuller on the outside.
I like going there because they had cymbal cast for Pompano.
Maybe if I ever visit Toronto, I'll see you at the track.
Take care, Uncle Daniel, happy New Year again.
You're a good friend and a good old Kalamazoo Brian.
Thanks, Brian.
I don't even think he's listening.
I doubt it.
I doubt too many people are listening today.
They got to go back to school and back to work and back to the unemployment line.
All of these things.
All of these things.
651 votes on that pool.
I might take some calls here later.
How were your calls last week?
You know.
I do.
I have a few few and far between and bad and bad.
All right.
I'm your friend.
All in all.
Travelers vent anger at Air Canada's holiday delays.
How do you like that?
I didn't have any problem with Air Canada.
They done good for me this time.
Going and coming.
The consumers association of Canada says they receive more than 200 complaints from travelers over the past week
about flight cancellations and delays that disrupted their Christmas holidays.
I let them teach those go.
I'm a thing or two CAC spokesman Brian Cran told CTVs and
Canada AM today.
Many of the complaints were from frustrated Air Canada passengers.
Snowstorms and bad weather across the country last week forced airlines to read your service
or cancel dozens of flights.
They're complaining in one case and took 24 hours to get from Vancouver to Toronto within 12 hours on the
tarmac with 12 hours sitting on the tarmac.
Could you handle that?
I go crazy.
Yeah.
I would fight my way.
I'd bust the door open and jump out.
You could always read a book.
You could read five books.
He said the complaints have ranged from customers up said about being charged again for rescheduled flights to anger over
lost baggage and staff rudeness.
Cran said many unhappy Air Canada customers call the CAC just to praise the airlines competition.
How do you like that?
They're a bunch of grave robbers at Air Canada man.
They charge you in arm and four legs.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
But I do like that terminal too much better than four Lauderdale than the old terminal four.
Or all that place was just a two crowded too many roster flights in that terminal for course you don't get to go
anywhere anyhow.
Nope.
But you're not missing much.
I'll take your word for it.
A lot of hassle a lot of yeah.
Cancelations.
Sit on the damn runway waiting and waiting and I had that too good fight so no complaints.
So must have really been good if I have no complaints because you know me.
Uh huh.
Sorrow old bastard.
I'm telling you I'm my throw out man maybe I should make some tea during the break.
Okay.
No.
I think it's a great idea.
Some tea with lemon honey.
Sure.
Absolutely.
I mean some tea with honey.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm making some tea when you're like oh I'll see.
Oh, they're going on our music you'd up.
Yeah.
I could do this.
One more time for these coasts.
Give those panties a break.
They used to be my theme song.
I told you that.
Mando Connie.
Yes.
Hey, Wendy.
Putting a little splend in my tea.
It's more by the way.
This Mando Connie.
More.
That's on.
Well, that's from that's what they used it for.
That movie.
It's the theme for Mando Connie.
Okay.
It's on a black label.
Mercury, I think.
Oh, yeah.
I'm making my tea with splend of it's about six years old.
It's still good.
It is.
I don't know.
I'm making that up.
It's not all caked up and like.
Oh, did you get the birthday card from Dave Johnson?
I mean, the Christmas card?
Yes.
I told you about it.
You did?
I got it right here.
The one with Obama.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, man, that's bad.
Oh.
The tea is about a hundred years old and the splend is like four hundred years old.
And I'm older and both of them put together.
Fourteen-tailed new employees.
Sure is pretty disappointing to come back and see such a vast wasteland on our website.
But I told you that.
Didn't I predict it?
Yes, you did.
I mean, they're busy.
And then don't anybody else send me the story about the oldie station about magic?
I already got like three copies of it.
Did you send that to me?
I don't know.
I don't remember that far back.
Tony Cigarette wraps up career marks the end of an era.
Do we care about that?
Isn't that old, old, old news?
Old news?
Tony Cigarette?
Old news?
Good.
God.
Not as old as Tony.
But pretty dang old.
Now, how come I see it in?
And I put in the story about Travolta's gay level.
Child, many of you have been through that awful experience.
And you're sharing your stories with us.
Let's take a trip now to CNN.com's.
I report to ask and check in.
Oh, that's not.
You want to hear everybody's, I lost my child's story.
All those horrible, uh, I know.
Why not?
Why not?
Don't you want to start out the, you know, you're on a chipper note?
No, thank you.
Mike and Fort Myers says just in order, thanks to you in the inter-Neil Rogers team.
George Eric and Fat Chris.
For all your work this past year, overcoming every obstacle, the idiots running that horseball company.
You're throwing your way and continue to throw our way by the way.
Well, sure, we'll never be the same that it was many years ago.
I've come to enjoy the path of course is taken and we'll be going forward.
He's enjoying the path.
There's one of us.
Yeah, good for you, Mike.
I would love to hear the cannot get it for a nickel bit.
Well, we can't play it.
We can't even say the name of it.
How much?
How much for it?
Yeah, oh, well, we could play that part.
Doesn't it start out saying how much for a kiss?
It does.
I'm not going to find out.
I'm not going to get suckered into that.
Sorry, Mike.
Can't play it.
Any chance you can play that and just cut off that band part?
No.
The other thing I truly love is the jackass Fred caller.
Well, that's a classic.
You know, I should have thought that because on Friday, of course, I played a lot of long bits and I should have played that one.
You did?
Yeah.
How dare you?
I know.
I did it all Christmas week.
I played all that.
That's what I heard.
What do you mean that's what you heard?
That's what Chris said.
He knocked you out.
I said, he does that every year.
That's nothing new or special.
What a fat fart.
I had another word in mind, begin with.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fratt.
What a fat...
Farter.
Fratt had me out my ass right out there.
Yeah.
See that little tail sticking out?
Uh-huh.
Fratt tail.
Fratt tail.
What do you think we ought to take?
I ought to take some calls because the emails have come to a stunning halt.
There is nothing.
Nothing.
I mean nothing.
A couple of hate ones in there were judges to lead.
I can really turn to those.
Same sour people.
Oh, me, are you so negative about South Florida?
I can't imagine why.
I got back here Friday afternoon and of course I hadn't been...
I didn't have the ability to check the Outlookers press down here on my computer.
I mean maybe I did but I don't know how to do it.
Could have called me.
Right?
No, why?
So I could see that crap.
That's right.
Put you in a good mood.
So you could really feel it.
And I came up here and I opened up my turn on my computer.
And I clicked the Outlookers press thinking of course they're going to be dozens and dozens.
Yeah.
And maybe you knew your wishes and the audio.
Let me tell you how many.
Oh.
Say it again.
Zero.
Oh.
None.
The warmth of the sun is only outdone by the coldness of the people.
God.
There you go.
Did you write that?
Did you make that up?
Yeah.
I just wrote it.
Wow.
I'm going to put that on your Tim's done.
WQYM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
QYM.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh God.
It's still alive.
How many QYM?
Hello.
Not there.
Well, I was a quick three.
Mm-hmm.
Better calls you had last week, Mr. Hodshot.
No question.
That's what you said.
Yep.
This tea isn't doing crap.
Take more.
You make it hot.
Hot enough?
Huh?
Did you make it hot enough?
I boil it for two and a half minutes.
All right.
How long would you boil it?
That's fine.
That sounds right.
I mean, he did it.
I know.
I understand.
But you don't have to bring it to a boil.
No, you do not.
Well, why not?
Two and a half is fine.
Wouldn't it be nice if you had it like a scalding, boiling temperature
and just pour it down your throat?
There you go.
Mm.
WQYM.
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
I have a friend named Neil.
Neil Maria.
How come they're so short and not so sweet today?
How come so rough?
Well, if you want them to take their time, they will.
QAM, hello.
You're telling us where you go?
QAM.
QAM.
How about the maintenance?
Yeah.
What about them?
They're going to have to go.
They're going to have to go.
I think you've got to go.
It sounds like you've got a mouthful.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line.
It's going to be taking a lot of calls all week.
You'll see.
This email thing is dead.
You believe me?
No.
It's dead.
I'm telling you, man.
They'll show up.
You know the fake.
This one in there.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Don't get back into it.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How come every time you come back, you're sick as a dog?
Because I miss you.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm your brand.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
New Year's resolution.
I'm only going to call six times to the normal 10.
What do you think?
I think six times.
I think six times.
Yeah.
Sweetest.
You had the message came looking for you right in the evening.
I'm sorry Mr.
I was, I was along with Michael and Donald Hartman in the conversations about my
whole lock digression recovery doing a quest and getting the stuff set ago.
He drove in what he has the Iraqi legaye to the bar, on the north of downtown Canada.
And he was looking for sure.
Well, he hadn't done it.
And then on top of it also, the people who provide us
to the slot machines and alleys, ADS, ACP,
a whole bunch of other different companies,
then they basically use a chip random generator,
basically it's a new prompt.
And basically what we do is we set it to a certain amount,
what's that?
15%.
But it has to be approved though
by the National Indian Gaming Association.
8%.
Well, artists, well, there's,
they do have the hard rock,
which is set between anywhere between 10 to 12 and a half
percent, or you also have...
Well, wait a minute, 10 to 12 and a half percent,
you expect me to believe that?
13% no, with this true start.
10 to 12% payout?
12% payout.
Not lying, this is true.
Nick and Sukey, down in Miami area,
is set between 12 to 19%.
Because they got the walled,
but they don't have a lot to take the slot machines
and make a Sukey though.
They have...
They let me ask you something,
how can anybody stay in business
if they paid out 12 to 10 to 12%?
How can anybody stay in business?
It's the revenue.
It's what's going into the machine
before it's coming out of the machine.
It's all the revenue, it's what they're collecting.
Also, don't forget, also, you have poker rooms.
Poker rooms is probably probably the second.
It's probably close to the second,
that's the slot machine.
I don't know if I have your point.
Whatever you're full of, I'm starting to smell it.
Okay, you can you smell it?
I have to run to the bathroom as a matter of fact.
Oh my God, let's go to a stereo joys.
This is Brady Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
NFL films present.
The dolphins suck.
In the 2007 campaign,
players, reporters and fans agree.
The dolphins suck.
Not only do they suck,
they suck out loud.
They're players suck.
They're coaches suck.
And those pastel uniforms.
Oh, daddy, do they ever suck?
But on a rainy Monday night in Pittsburgh,
the suck fins took sucking to a whole new level of suck.
They lost a three nothing ball game
with 17 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter.
Thus prompting football fans everywhere
to shut off their TVs,
shake their heads and shout upon high.
The dolphins suck.
Amen to that.
12 or 1 or 5 60 WQM lots of calls between now and two.
Oh, excited.
Thrilled it.
694 votes on the pool.
We got 750.
Look in box.
Look at that.
There's one.
One was two.
Oh,
not exciting.
All right.
Here's one that says happy new year.
Hope 2009 finds more money in your pocket,
more luck on your side and more booty in your bed.
Oh, yeah.
Good ridden's to 2008.
In two weeks, the country gets a new lease on life.
I hope George Bush catches a ride home
in Catherine Harris's plane.
Best of the new year to you,
George and all of us is Ray.
Thank you, Ray.
What a guy.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Here's one that says,
Neil as far as the hard rock goes,
it's literally night and day,
depending on when you go.
I was only there once on a week.
They were shocked of how old the crowd was
compared to when I usually grow.
The crowd at night is very young.
I'm guessing they were there during the day
if you're complaining that they were a lot of well.
I'm not complaining.
It makes no difference to me who the people are that are there.
They aren't going to win me or lose me any money, right?
Right.
I'm just observing.
I'm not complaining.
I'm complaining that the machines are tighter than which is ass.
Than a snared rum.
And this guy has the gall to call and give me a song
to dance about their payout is 10 to 12% of whatever
he said.
Do you think that anybody would go on the year
with that kind of number and live to talk about it?
You follow what I'm saying?
No.
You don't want to know what the payoff is supposed to be.
Like what do you like?
It's something between like 85, 88% 90%
some of the vagus slots guaranteed 97% payout.
Not 10 or 12%.
10 or 12% they might as well just give you a match
and say, hey, take out the money and burn it.
Let's have a bonfire.
Everybody's got a story.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, they're added again.
They got the pots and the pans and the breakfast.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm your friend QAM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Listen, I've been calling for a while.
The hard rock I agree with you 100% horrible.
They don't pay out.
The jackpots are huge, but if they never hit,
they're worthless.
And I don't know if the quote numbers are anything,
but I definitely can tell you about how we played up
both the megasooki smokes the hard rock.
They pay out a lot more.
It's just the smell of smoke is a miracle, but.
Exactly.
But it does pay out more.
You should try it one time.
OK, thanks.
I said about the Julio.
So you're handsome.
No, I can overlook it.
I can deal with it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
He knows my friend that I am QAM, hello.
Hi.
I'm sorry, but I said welcome.
They got all the phones were it.
They got more phones working today than we got.
Right.
I didn't say much though.
No.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
OK.
I got used to go make a suki before the seminal.
Well, well, for the hard rock,
make a suki used to pay real good.
And then one of the hurricanes came by and had a water leak
and they closed for about two days.
Because I used to go every day.
I'm a pretty dedicated gambler.
And after that, they completely stopped playing.
And I was friends with the employees and everything.
And they just completely stopped paying out.
They don't, they're not regulated.
In Vegas, you go, you walk in, you see on the car,
you're so I was going to say, 98% of the hours and stuff
like that.
And usually on the older hotels.
But here, 10%, even 50% isn't abused.
But 10% yeah, they're stuck.
They don't even give you cup rooms and make a suki nothing.
It's the only place.
And the thing is, they're open at night.
So most of the co-cats spend all night there.
There you go.
Listen, have a great life.
How do you like these calls, huh?
They're great.
Quick imagination.
I can't see them.
I have to, I would have to protect you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, man.
All the nut heads all the time.
6.99 on the pool.
I think I'm going to play music last two hours.
All right.
Spend some wax as you say.
There you go.
WQAM, hello.
Norma's my friend.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Yeah, you.
Yeah.
I'm nine on your head.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
Excuse me.
I was on speaker.
I'd like to wish you a happy new year.
I'm 71.
And I tried to call you during the holidays.
And got hooked up with a fellow named George.
And it was very rude.
And I'd like to play.
OK, say hi to the boy.
WQAM, hello.
His bad voice is so bad.
Am I right?
Yes.
Reverend, the worst bad voices in history,
the worst fake voices.
Your bad, Reverend, Reverend Schmuck, your bad.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless
Line, WQAM, hello.
He's a legal admin candidate.
Oh, God.
5WQAM, hello.
May I listen to me?
He is the problem with you.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
What time does it need a Brian start?
Who?
Luis McGehrer?
See you, buddy.
WQAM, hello.
599.
QAM, hello.
Get to Hummy, Jr.
And last and certainly least QAM, hello.
Yes, QAM.
Mr. Rogers, how do you do, sir?
OK, sir.
Yes, I wanted to ask George a question.
He plays music a lot, man.
I hope you don't mind.
I was wondering if he had ever heard of a band.
I used to live in Austin, Texas.
I played guitar.
Are there arc angels?
No.
You give them a listen sometime.
They put out one LP, one album, CD, they're awesome.
Real good.
They opened up for the black crow's.
And they never made it big.
You got to give them a listen.
You sure you'd like them?
OK, I'll run right out.
Appreciate it.
Arc angels.
Sure.
OK.
Bye.
So he didn't want to talk to me at all.
Is one of your punks?
No, but look, I warned people about that.
You want me to listen to something send it in.
I'm not going to do any work.
Don't give me a home on the side.
I'm going to go on, man.
Bye.
He's not even going to take the thing in the car.
He's going to steal it for me.
He's going to go on to him right.
He's going to go on to him right.
I'm too lazy to steal it even.
Send it to him.
Good.
God, you've got to be kidding me.
Right.
Want me to hear it?
Send it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, what year was you got caught up on the beach with your pants down?
What year was that?
I can't return it.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
OK.
Hey, I just want to wish you a happy new year.
I've been listening to you since I was 14, I'm 27 now.
And I just want to ask you a question.
Do you think that busing training will be tried anytime this last night?
Oh, life.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Maybe we just choked up on that.
Indian peace pipe.
Mm-hmm.
They're sure after the Indians today, everybody in town wants to be a.
You can kill her.
Right?
Right.
Sounds like sour grapes to me, you know.
WQAM, hello.
I'm on SSI.
QAM, hello.
I'm the hello.
QAM, hello.
Hello, dear.
How you be?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm John here.
I'm welcome.
I'm happy new year.
Yeah, same to you.
Hey, you know, me and my wife are planning a trip to Italy.
But besides the obvious choice of going to Rome, what other cities did you go to that you liked?
Florence.
Florence?
Let me say it again.
Florence.
Oh, it's OK.
You can count the train basically from there and go to Spain and Germany, is that correct?
No, unless you want to just wait a waste of whole day traveling.
It's a whole day.
All right.
Thanks for the info, but I hear this suggestion for you.
Get an atlaser, go online, look at a map.
OK, that would be a real helpful or call a travel agent would be good to.
Wouldn't that be a good piece of advice?
No, no extra charge.
No, that's not good advice.
Look at a map of no, get a globe.
No, OK, don't do it that way.
They should all call you.
All call me for travel advice.
Right.
Take the train and go from Rome to Germany.
That's a Alice Rantel.
The fake Alice Rantel says.
It'll pop up here.
Happy New Year to you and boy George.
Welcome back.
How did you enjoy your stay in South Florida?
Did you listen to any good radio volume?
We're here.
That's a joke.
You sound good today, says Alice.
No, I don't sound good.
I sound like crap because I got an nasty cold.
And yeah, it was OK.
I had a good week.
I had fun.
I was sick all week.
So how much can you enjoy it?
Happy New Year to you, George.
In fact, Chris, wherever he may be, a few emails go.
Someone said they can listen to you on their iPhone.
But when I try the iPhone, browser will not allow me to download Windows Media Player.
If that person is still listening, he can let us know how he's able to do that.
You're loyal listening schwarz.
It says.
Well, I think you can probably tell him.
No, I don't know how to use an iPhone.
I thought you said, uh-huh.
Yeah, I know that it is done on phones, not just the iPhone.
It can be done.
I don't know how to use an iPhone because I don't have one.
I see.
So maybe that guy will write back or not as the case maybe.
Oh, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Oh, guess what?
Our website's done again.
I'll see that.
It's down.
Oh, what?
Oh, it's sharp.
Woo!
This is a story about this certificate to what to do.
This is over when you don't have a few.
Cashless apps and these gift cards are no use.
What you need is money for the bills you can afford.
Take all the gift cards that you can handle.
Buy something for a fuck like a cheap store sample.
I promise you that it's worth the hassle.
That's how you take the money refunds.
Go on, take the money refunds.
Cash gone, take the money refunds.
Go on, take the money refunds.
1217 at QAM.
It's enough to just make you want to sit down on the floor and put your head in your hands and puke.
Isn't it?
Yeah, well.
So is Eric on the case on this or what?
I mean, we haven't had this happen in a long, long time.
Have we?
No.
So while of a sudden on the first day of the new year.
Maybe.
Because it's the first day of the new year.
That might be it.
Maybe it's a Y2-9K.
For your information, Froggy is on the number one rated morning show in a market, Y100.
Here's a separate article on, from yesterday, says, Somebody.
New challenges at Old East Station.
And this is that long article about magic.
Does anybody care about magic?
No.
No, no.
And then.
And of course we can't get any more emails because.
Right.
The server is down.
And I can't chat with Eric in the little box because the server is down.
And we can't check the poll because the server is down.
Oh, I got a text from Eritho.
Really?
And he said there's a new problem we're working on it.
Well, what the hell does that mean? There's a new problem. What the hell does that mean? Eric?
He can't hear me anyway, right because the server is down
Well, at least we got the phones this is a hell of a yeah. Oh, yeah
Make no mistake about that
And the phones are working just peachy keen. You know, you were all pair of paranoid. I was petrified
Well, we didn't experiment and I had failed so I didn't know what to expect
Let's because you don't know how to do it right. That's right. I know how to do the phone man. I do good phone
The colors suck, but I do good phone
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I don't hear any crying about the dolphin loss yesterday
And the fact that they stunk the joint out and Chad Pennington choked like a gagging choking dog
And they kept putting the ball on the ground. Oh here you take it. We don't want it you take it
Just want to look like they were getting back in the game a little bit and it was 20 to 9
And they got this big drive going and all of a sudden Pennington again gets just
brutalized that offensive line was pretty lame at best and all of a sudden there goes the ball back to number 19
Is Jimmy Cifilis would say Ted Genn Jr
And he's dropping it and picking it up and dropping it and bouncing it like a basketball I thought and
He lose about 80 yards and at play in boom there goes the game. That was the end. This is the end my friend
Nobody Q a M hello, I'm sick Q a we know that Q a M very new happy
Spokas. Yeah, uh
Yeah, I had all strong beliefs that Bush could bring peace to the Middle East and now it's really gashed with this whole
God's incident so now I guess his legacy is definitely in trouble
But I wanted to ask you
Good. That was great. What kind of drugs are you doing? Nice to share you?
Have a bit about the rock mart or something. It was pretty appropriate to now I think is
Anyway, if you recall which one that is and then finally speaking about the Dolphin's I haven't seen a team bomb that bad since I was in vacation
Beyond the God has got to strip myself. Have a good one
Waiting you waiting for what the translation
Translation of what of that call?
Although I found his rock mart bit. Oh, I got it
What do you mean you found it? There it is. What what does that mean?
Rock and roll part one rock and roll part two rock mart
Rocks rocks rocks that's coming up it rocks
WQ a M hello, I knew you're back to you. I make a shameless request for a bit
Um, you know, they have Dolphin parody like the parody of a mined dolphin song. I don't know if you could maybe play that later
That's all got thanks
WQ a M hello
Q a M hello
You'll first happen New Year's back at Q a M hello
Yeah, that red guy made a penning time look like a stepchild yesterday, huh?
Cat got the dolphin famed tongues today, I think oh they got nothing to say they were talking a big game
All along before and of course on this sports show is they're gonna be oh wow. It was such a great year anyway
They're gonna be you know making excuses
What happened this guy died apparently I guess he just died
We were 11 and five and Tony soprano is turning it around and oh Bill parcells the big tuna
Yeah, you can't play a girls team schedule every year, okay?
You can't beat up on and they didn't beat up on little girl team. That's the best part
They squeaked by week after week except that first Patriot game
Okay, when a Patriot's missed the team bus and played like a bunch of blind little girls
But other than that they just squeaked on by
And then they played a real team and they just got embarrassed and humiliated and degraded now all of a sudden
Airby Tongues fallen silent and Greg Cotex writes in the herald. Oh, he still want to be mighty proud
Oh, yeah, yeah
WQAM hello
QAM hello
No, who does the PA at the dolphin games J. Roqueach?
Well whoever it is is a one I thought it was Kenny Walker did the game. Oh, that's right
It is but he's some good drop ends. Oh, he must feel I'm from the WQAM. Hello
How the Patriots doing to play off those dudes are fags. Yeah, the fact the fact how many Super Bowl
13 one the last five years how many Super Bowls you win schmuck
Give me a comparison with a patriot, so we didn't have no one in 15 season in recent memory
schmuck
How many super how many playoff games do they win how many playoff games into dolphins win, huh? Oh, yeah
And so what's the story on this thing?
Eric says yes, the ISP's connection to AT&T went down for reasons we don't understand it's back. It's back
For reasons we don't understand that's what he said
Sounds pretty suspicious to me. I don't want to sound paranoid like you always are mm-hmm, but it sounds real suspicious
Like that asked to ask
Now what else did he say
That's it and it came back. Yeah
Maybe this is gonna be recurring theme of the show all the year listen
I will have a new series of technical difficulties every day
712 votes on our poll in spite of the fact that it's not up most of the time and
No, no emails in there, but I'm sure they're feverishly trying to get through Neil at Neil Rogers dot com with all their
Prispication observations about the world and in which we live and
The dolphins and the Jews and the Arabs and the Goiom and the this and the that and the Christmas decorations and seminal hard rock and
Pompano Park
I wonder if anybody ever cashed a ticket at Pompano Park. I'm not talking about the track
I'm talking about the like a traffic ticket. Yeah
Like that WQ a.m. Hello, I'm Neil. How you doing? Okay? Happy New Year to you, buddy back to you
Question do you know of any doctors that do house calls nowadays?
Doctors doing house calls yeah
I got a real sick and a miss girlfriend or into this holistic crap where they drink their own urine and do all the stupid crap
And now he's too sick to go to the doctor and I need someone to come to his house
So you know anybody out there to appreciate the information
Okay, we're listening
I'm waiting WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, this is Neil. This is he hey
Look going on now
Complain or anything like that man as far as I'm saying let's do your show when you're young with this and
I really like your show
It's my Chris there
Is what
Back Chris is it is not on the show anymore?
Oh, what happened to me
We assigned
All right, so he's pretty good. Yeah, he was pretty good
That's why they took him off the show because we all got along real well and had good interaction and they helped the show
They don't want to help the show they want to destroy the show they want to butcher the show
Nice going by the way jolly Joe you're doing it you and your accomplices on the phone
Are doing it
Isn't that interesting the way things used to be so much different before this jackass came to town?
I shouldn't say that because you want to buy your car. That's right. Oh
Hell of a guy. Well, he's not gonna buy the car either
Well, you want to station about why the hell shouldn't they do it for you?
It's a trade thing. That's how we all do it. It drives a Jaguar in that place
Right right
Clarence screw in I bet you she's still driving that thing. I don't know something. She's driving something
Oh no worse fourth leader. Oh, no, I missed that memo neon god
If you're planning a
Scientology wedding reception don't settle for ordinary entertainment call
Scientology wedding DJs
Ladies and gentlemen time to dance off that delicious dinner. This one's going off to Zee-Noo who dropped those atomic bombs
Thousand volcanoes a million earth years ago
It's the gap and you dropped a bomb on me
Only at Scientology wedding DJ can give your special day that special
Scientology tights
Oh, right folks time for the ride of
Trouble okay, so let's have all the
Single women with an operating deep level of seven or higher
Scientology wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect celebration
Scientology wedding DJs but Scientology wedding DJs do don't be glib call now
Rough 31 to 560 wq a.m
Lots of open lines like all of them and now that the thing is working again. Yeah, no emails
How big your pertinent no e-nails well, let me take a look again. No. Oh
Count them
One no no no
Star that's right starting it. Oh, that's the one
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon
You know something if I had a nightmare and then I've had my share in my lifetime if I had a nightmare about what this day
Was going to be like it could never have maxed this and it's only 1232 what you're right
We always have we have radio nightmares and this is one you predicted it
70 Q a.m. Hello
Chiamba
He's got a new a new twist to it now
I wonder if he's came to boot chiamby
560 560 waiting for a real living and breathing caller. We've had I don't know one or two borderline
Hold your breath and pound 560 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line. I know why you spin the wax
That's right. I'm thinking of it Q a.m. Hello take requests good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir
Happy New Year back to you got a question these clients are they sitting around with about 10 bones and just call yes
That's correct like a telephone type thing right right
I knew I got a question now. Oh, I got a statement. I bet the patrons would have done a little better than the thought of them
I guess the Raven so I don't know that last caller
Was a crack on the issue. I mean what what's the point of saying that how do we know?
The Patriots play their share of crappy games tutoring this season including the first one against the dolphins
Well, they want a they're on a pretty good street not to get too much of football intensive, but they were not
Because you know you are the sports stations, but
But not a sports show let me say it good, but not a sports show and not a sports show
Right yeah, all right, but take easy man
Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
I believe the problem we're having is I believe you are part of the problem a big part of it
Okay, a big fat ugly red neckie part of the problem Reverend
You and the other four retards
The like I said this is worse than it ever could have imagined
729 to one of poll they're really cranking them up
You cranking all the time
Crankings the name of the game today and pranking which utility company also I never got to the thing about my bank
No, you never did
So like most people have a bank account to check in your counter whatever account I have a ATM card
Okay, nothing new been around for a long time for about 500 years ATM cards
Now the bank that I bank with and I've been with for a zillion years which used to be something else and there was something else before that but at any rate
They keep lowering the limit of your daily withdrawal no matter how much money you've gotten your account I see
Your bank does this
Why does your bank not do that it has not oh?
And they don't tell you about it. It's just that when you go to take out a small amount. Oh
Can't do it and cutting it. It's the exceeded your daily limit
So I finally called them and discussed about three weeks ago saying I don't understand this because there's a
Tonny Schmidt load of money in that account. Why do people keep arbitrarily and it's almost as though they're giving you their money
It's your money right will be one thing if you're trying to borrow the money, but it's your money
honey
And this began three weeks of total insanity which I think I find it got straight now, but I'm not sure
And I would take out and the second call I made they give me in touch with the first you call
They're 800 number then they get in touch with them fraud protection
Fraud all the banks are uptight now fraud protection because allegedly there's a lot of fraud
Well, I don't have any fraud. I got one bank card one pin nobody else has got it and that's it
And I go through the song and dance with them well instead of $500 a day
We're gonna increase your daily limit to $2,000 a day. I didn't ask for two grand a day which seems awfully high
But nevertheless that's what they said okay fine
I go to wood buying the next day. I go to take out 500 bucks. What I can't take out anything. It's blocked
No, you're laughing
There's more start
This is the first of 13 phone calls
Wooties that they continue doing the same thing and
Every time I would tell the first person I got in touch with fire. Oh, yeah, you got to repeat the whole thing tell in the story
Sure, you know a little bit more agitated each time. Oh, well, we have to put you in touch with fraud protection
And again, I have to go through the whole story answer a whole bunch of questions
Did you buy such in such a car in 1901 and did you do this did you pick your nose and you know all these security questions?
And I finally said to the one girl I said this is like the Boy Scout who's helping the old lady across the street
Who doesn't want across the street? I don't want you damn fraud protection nobody else has got the card cut the crap
Oh, I'm so sorry
But and then it would work like one day and then the second time I go to use it same thing
Not a lower credit limit no credit limit logistic card blocked again and you make the same call again
Oh, we have to put you in touch with fraud protection. I read flag comes up. Bob a bag comes up
13 times I made the same call
Until now allegedly this problem is straightened out
I
Don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. I would put a pipe bomb in that bank
If if I you know we're back there again had the chance it is a little bit upsetting when you can't get to your own money
That's that's what I keep telling them. This isn't your money. I know you banks are in big trouble including especially this one
But it's my money. I want my F and money
Oh, fraud protection blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. It looks like and of course I have to keep telling them
I've only told them 8,000 times that I've been Toronto
Oh, it shows a lot of transactions out of the country blah blah blah blah. Yeah
Now what happened to the previous seven years that I've been here most of the time that I never had a problem
You were lucky
And then must be it I must have been lucky. You're getting extra special service that might have been lottery
You're on you about that right?
WQ a m. Hello
Q a m. Hello
Q a m. Hello
WQ a m. Hello, hey Neil. I got the
Solution to you that bank part my I hate banks and the same problems that you give me I haven't used an ATM in like
Ten years what I do when I cast the checks. I just every month I take home
Some cash man, and I always keep it in the house
Better than going to an ATM getting in those fees and then like after hurricane. You don't need to
You know like down here for after the hurricane. Nobody could get me cash everybody's freaking out. I never have that problem
Keep your money in your own hands. That's what I say. Okay. I'll keep it in my hands
Oh, I got a great letter from Anita Marx an email they're starting to pour in now
Here's one says went to Buffalo for New Year's to visit some of the family stop by Niagara Falls Canadian side puts you
Westside the shame. I've never seen so many fat ugly people as I did in Buffalo at least this picture with my phone is a beautiful picture
Of course you can't see it on the air and you can't see it. Hold it up there. Huh hold it up there
You see it hold it up to the hell look at that. That's beautiful
Here's one says I think your site is offline again
Thankfully the media player is still on from Byron Pagan muster the Wonder Dog in Meridian Idaho chronic
Happy New Year to those guys
Here's somebody that's taking great delight Joe Dodge Yola in the dolphins misery yesterday and the pathetic
Putrid performance they put on interception after interception fumble after fumble turnover after turnover
Even if people at Tim Hortons never saw so many turnovers
Of course George didn't watch a minute of it. Nope
What a party pooper George is probably busy roller skating. Nope. You're doing something manly like that
I was with the family which is very manly. Oh, Anita Marx is coming with her great late email coming up
Where of exploding balls
Henry Henry heavy stiff right up that accountable of curine and
Fist your eyes on the traveling neo-pons
Disgiv throwing skills and dump the pathetic Montvalor
Throw your shoes throw a pie throw monkey
Don't the national idiot until he tells you everything he knows
Which won't take long at all
So what if they got to issue him here my friends we have chaining the suit
Who can predict your fate with one glance into his tiny balls?
I can see your name
Hey, I feel
Did you
There's only so much time left to fit a do-do don't miss the traveling neo-cons
Hopefully appearing in a federal penitentiary soon
12.45 at 5.60 w.w. Q.a.m
Here's an email ready for this okay from cliff and candle
Neil I made a mistake of visiting the magic kingdom in Orlando after Christmas
I
Fossil believe there would be smaller crowds due to the tanking economy the crowds were horrendous
The average wait time for a ride was 90 minutes
There were a lot of people from England Germany and India
But there was no doubt the majority of the people were big fat white and ugly Americans. I can't you not Neil
The bigger and ugly of the couple the more kids they had the future of America does not look bright
May your 2009 suck less than your 2008 well, I got news for it the first show of 2009 is any indication
It's gonna be one hell of a 2009. I'm telling you that. I'm sure we can screw up more than this. Why I'm sure we can screw up a little bit better than this
screw up
Yeah, you know with technical difficulties and things I'm not even thinking about that. Oh, I won't I'm setting that on the on the back burner
I'm gonna start pouring soda pop into the controls here good
Set up bonfire on jolly joe's desk with his ass on it
Oh Maria Barteromo the fake one is back
Hello, sir welcome back. It's good to hear you on the year. I would like to keep you up to speed regarding the markets
They had a set your ass in the market Maria by the pound slice it real thin
Last week when you were gone our wonderful free market system rather than a whole 6% in one week
I sure hope you and your listeners were buying toward the end of the year because Obama bounces started if you haven't already
It would be wise to be diversified your assets in the stocks for the first half of this year. No chance bitch
No chance
Well, I need to run as I'm returning from vacation need to hit the makeup won't help
They haven't invented enough makeup to help your ugly sad ass bag leading pus
744 on the uphole for the impressive if you ask me
And he says Neil tell that last guy to spend six bucks on the wonder radio application for the iPhone
He can listen to any radio station in the world. I'm listening to you right now my iPhone. Do you understand that?
Yeah, the wonder radio application. I understand that there's an application and then that person can go get that
That's what I understand can you fill out the application form sure because I think he means your health just facts it on over using your iPhone
Oh
Man, I just want to give you an alert. Okay, all right
Hey heads up a heads up on tomorrow morning. All right if you come in in the morning at the usual time yeah
And you expect to hear the sound of city post 24 or something from here is what I do and you don't hear it mm-hmm
That'll be your first clue. Okay
Okay, all right
Joe Dodge Oles says Neil that was a beautiful thing to watch yesterday or not. Yes
The only thing that'll make it better other than the dolphins going oh and what is it?
214 next year, which is a given put in the bank would be a Tennessee beats Baltimore by four touchdowns next week to make the dolphins look even worse
I doubted
Tennessee is highly overrated
Even the lions are laughing at the dolphins. Sorry. I says today. I love it
There's still a worse franchise now professional sports always will be and the cheerleader still have oh, I can't say the cheerleader still have gone
Arria well, why would he write such a thing is that I don't know
Quick movie review Frost Nixon was excellent Frank Lenzell is good as Richard Nixon. It's frightening
He was so much better than tricky dick his Anthony Hopkins was
highly recommended
Frost Nixon, okay, why didn't you burn the tapes?
Because I'm stupid. I mean who wants to go back and relive that you know that mean not me either and you never lose it
Don't they have those interviews you know on tape. Yeah, if you will the real ones exactly
With the real David Frost real dick Nixon that's right if I wanted to see such a thing, but we don't
747 on the pool. We got 750 licked. Maybe we can make like I don't know 751
So here's the Anita Marx email and you know something it very very well could be the real one
I have no idea no she's coming no what no, it's not the real one no matter what the email is you say it's not the real one
That's right
What about the one from Wayne Arnold maybe did we ever find out about that? Nope forward it to me. I can call that cell phone number
Oh, I think I'm gonna find that now okay, then no no
Anita Marx real or imaginary says welcome back to you
Well, it looks like my Baltimore Ravens beat the dolphins yesterday. So the start of my show on WQM is gonna be delayed at least another week
I was down there working the Raven sidelines and locker room was impressed by what I saw
What does that mean I don't know
The sidelines and locker room and was impressed by what she saw is she talking about in the locker room
I guess you tell me before the game Joe Bell introduced me the dolphins broadcast team
They all seem like nice enough guys although I've never heard them. I'm sure they do a fantastic job on the air
After all the Cognitive NFL playoff games so they must be good. Oh, yeah
What happened to that sexy board op who was working your show
I'm sure he's only on vacation because I wanted working for me when I get down there if you know what I mean
It's gonna be great working the professional staff at WQM assigned Anita Marx XO. Yeah, that's the real deal. All right
Yeah
Hey, you never know if she's coming. Yeah, I know she is nevertheless
So his next circus she's coming
As sure as Helen death and taxes and all those other things
Now let's check out the plot of email. There actually are some on here
What the F says somebody happy new year to you in George first of all slot machines at all the software to don't pay
Joyce
Well, let's see. Let me can I better print this out, huh? Okay?
Well, I got to print these out. I don't want to read them off the monitor. It's just especially with my scratchy voice
Oh
And then this thing you're every now and then it just decides to take a long pause when you try to print the damn thing out
There it goes print that baby here we go
Here's one that says oh, this is a chronic
Today's show sounds like I have price show my prediction is either the station of the show won't make it to the end of 2009
Surprise guess what we'll be here every day five years
As far as the stations concerned you've got a good point
What do you think you think jolly joke and put the place under in this year? Oh, you don't need that long. Yeah
I don't think you're gonna get that car you keep talking like that
Of course I could have put a period in that sentence. I don't think you're gonna get that car
Didn't he take care of you?
I don't know
This is the dolphins had the same exact schedule as the Pats the only week in that Miami got the the Pats and that was Baltimore
Which turned out to be a tough game Miami lost anyway, so stop using that as an excuse for missing the playoffs
You had the fact they lost their starting quarterback and running back and the half the damn team to injury that had nothing to do
I mean we don't make excuses
They still line up 11 and five was a freaking miracle a freaking miracle
And if you knew anything about football you'd admit that but you're not cuz you're a bunch of losers
It's not important that often's lost. It's that the Patriots also didn't make the playoffs. That's the important thing
Here's one it says welcome back and happy new year to you George and the crew
I'm one of the loyal Julio's listens to you. Oh, there's one you make the day go by much better
See all ethnic stuff Julio's dagos. Mm-hmm
Johnny Depp was at the dolphins game yesterday and Jared Lido was partying on South Beach New Year's and this pic was taken in Miami Beach last week
Well, la di da
That is citing mm-hmm another preacher that the audience can't see hold it up
I'm holding it right now and the picture too you could share any of those pictures you wanted to of course. Okay, let's see
Happy new year to you and George just relax now
Sounds like a half-priced show that is a half-priced show they're paying me half price. That's what they're gonna get a half-priced show
First of all slot machines and all of South Florida don't pay Joyce
God is I'm writing this I can't stand listening to these dumb callers
I don't care if you've been listening since you were 14 and you love the show and that George was rude to some 71 year old
D bag get a tapey quarter if you like listening to yourself because most of the calls are not funny entertaining right form it
I hope they all go away
That's a good idea and of course if you people keep the emails up they would go away permanently when I'm on I
Have about as much desire to take any of these stupid-ass calls as I do them pailing myself in fact
I wouldn't mind impaling myself with a sharp object right now
Also, Neil if you've seen those Jews and Palestinians in downtown Miami throwing rocks at each other yesterday. They're doing the same here
17 arrested one bitch says this is the reason why we're fighting in the first place
We were here protesting peacefully and it came from the other side of the street and started saying very offensive things
I almost punched a TV when I saw that says dragon
Dragon
All right, I honestly thought that fact Chris was still there. I thought it was all stick but Dan that's crazy
They really let him go it sucks. Yeah, he's gone
He's on five to six in the morning with Jesse Agler
They can't afford to have my initial because they want to do everything in their power to destroy this show and make us take a walk
I'll take a walk right to the door when I'm done
Feel better
I'm taking a little drink just relax. I'm fine take your money out Neil and put it in a nice safe all banks suck
I hope you and George don't get demoted to that's all left George
I love you man your mom sucks, but hey Schmidt happens burn one later everything will be just fine
I love you guys Edwin is so what so what the guy threw a shoe at me whatever that means
You know what that means I think he said that that's a bush quote so what the guy threw a shoe at me
I see
What's Edwin got to do with that maybe somebody threw a shoe at him to rich says for those dolphin fans have been puffing out their chest after going
11 and 5 against one of the all-time Potter for schedules perhaps second only the pathetic group of week sisters
They played there undefeated 72 season take a gander at your 2009 opponents
The bills the jets and the Patriots twice obviously stealers chargers falcons panthers bucks saints cult titans dag wars and Texans enjoy
5-11 to dolphins is rich
That's that he wants to rub it in but never less
Today on doc to fill was doing her first drink was at seven years old and by 15
She was drinking heavily every weekend. You are absolutely right. Are you hung over?
Uh-huh, it is damn dear
Responsible to go out last night drinking before you're showing up here to talk to me today. I've fallen off the wagon
How much have you had to drink today?
11 for me. I know that you're in a drunken haze. Do you love your your volks over?
You've got to be honest about this you're a drunk, but I have to drink I'm drinking man with glass champ
Champagne are you an absolute falling down drunk? Yes
You know when did you make make the decision to be a woman?
I just think you are really well you are a permafrodite
So guess who I had already told you off the air and don't the don't the blow
Guess who I had a a wrong number call from while I was down there on vacation
Yeah, the Humper that was fronting hey stupid
My uh blackberry rings that pick it up I look at the number. I didn't recognize it
Hey Neil I said yeah, Hank
How do you like that? Well, but he thought he was talking to some other Neil
I guess in his address book he had like you know more than one Neil okay, and he said something about well the shotters
The shutter's ready yet or something about shooters, you know
And I didn't know what he was talking about and it took him about three minutes before he realized he was talking to
Oh god as opposed to Neil the shutter guy
And I kind of strange little bit, but happens all the time really
It does somebody calling you by mistake wrong numbers. Yeah
Well, no, not somebody I know
Yeah, it happens to me all the time
Somebody you know calls you by mistake and sometimes says this ever happened
That it's you when they say oh, they don't realize I want to talk to you like they hit the button
They don't realize they're calling you so they hear them off in the background
You know doing something and at the supermarket having sex with somebody
I see that you don't well anyway. We had a chat
And he told me that clearance was an a hole which we already know that
Here's the pull 757 on the pull week top 750. I think I can go back to bed
And go over to the Chinese market know it's speaking English and I can nurse my voice back to um, you know
So I can come in tomorrow and try this crap again
See the audience thinks everything is a big joke like all Chris is getting moved off the show
How could anybody not know that was true?
We get accused of making stuff up all the time as if we would have to right now when you work for Joe Bell
You don't have to make anything up
The weird it gets and the more bizarre and it just unfolds in the most unacceptable way
Then you know it's Joe Bell. This is the way he operates a radio station like a lunatic
Like Dr. Frank and steam
I mean, I think the day is going to come when somebody's going to have to like take him out for a ride
You know, you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? Maybe maybe when he gets you that new car
First thing you can do is take him out for a ride listen. I'll drive him around anywhere if he gets there
Which utility company or service provider do you hate the most?
That's our poll question on the iraugers.com on our most prestigious website which at the moment is working
It's had some issues today
Credit card
176 cable TV 168
Electric power 141 good old Florida plunder and loot
Cell phone 63 land phone 42
Internet provider 38 bank 33 banks below okay, they suck
They bite the big one and they got your money and they don't want to give it to you right? Oh, no
I got it. You can't have it. Well, they're keeping it safe for you. They're doing you a favor 13 phone calls in three weeks
13 phone calls to get them to straighten out my account
Oh fraud protection fraud for you're like like they're doing me a favor. They're protecting my money
Just you're just gonna spend it anyway, so they if they don't want to let it go. I think that's what it's all about
They don't take your money and I can understand oh by the way serious 13 cents a share
Don't ever see the end of this year
Postal service 26 satellite TV 24 garbage pick up 11 gas 10 water 8 satellite radio 8 landscaping 5
Pool cleaning for
Out of 757
Here's the fake man Jim Madditch
Wow
Personal message aren't we curse Neil first at office and now this
Carter attorney general Griffin Bell dies at 90
Uh-huh, you all choked up about that like you wouldn't believe I think I sold enough. He was an old cout
Griffin Bell that whole Carter clan
They were like all wrinkled up, you know
No, I don't know
Yeah, you do red neckie and wrinkled up like yeah
Ready drunk like Billy
Billy used to pee outside
When you think that the president could teach his brother to pee inside and that's no fun when you're a man Q.A.M. Hello
Charlie depth a big bag, dude just like you
Wtq.w.a.m. Hello
Oh
Why
See the way that disappeared mm-hmm. No, I didn't see it. You didn't see it. I don't see anything for you
Why can't you see the dots? No, I don't have that I have an audio ball now
What's all the zat me I could switch and then turn on the phone screener and then I would see the phone screener
But then I wouldn't see the commercials
Are you smitten me no, you think the computer like a whole other computer in the yeah
Got four keyboards in here as it is already I feel like a bugle
Okay, let me check the emails here. There aren't any
Okay, let me take the calls. Oh, there are some dammit. I was gonna say there aren't any when I'd have been good mm-hmm
Wq.w.a.m. Hello
You call this a radio chef Q.a.m. Hello
Governor Neil good afternoon sir. I don't know you you were George or experienced this but
Um, I do my I pay my bills online uh, they're my
My car loan company city city group financial
They charge you a $14 transaction fee if you pay your bill online mm-hmm
And I'll see have you guys ever experienced that okay great. Well, I just dumped it
Good anybody well now it's obvious why he he said the name of it. It's very obvious
These people I beg your pardon these people yeah
Looking to create a problem if you got a problem of your own good luck to you
We wish you all the best in the world. Don't create one for us
truck
In addition to which how difficult is it to actually pay the old way very
Put a check in a mail stamp on the envelope and mail it to wherever the hell supposed to go
Right
Oh, yeah
770 vote and who the hell writes out a check anymore anyhow right nobody out of your checks
I don't write checks can't remember the last time I wrote a check
Rodney says what is it with all the dolphin batches bashing do they it over achieve yes hell yes
But all he did was go from a one and 15 laughing stuck to an 11-5 division winner
What the hell do they have to apologize for I had no expectation of rooting for a playoff team this year
But that's why they play the games
So all you losers reveling in the laws just goes to prove misery loves company. Yeah, that must be it
That's a good excuse for the fact your team sucked and choked yesterday. They stuck the join out right there in front of all those
Enthusiastic whipped up for phony fans
God
Oh, here's another one about the bubbled love sponge small potatoes
But I guess you know he I'll I'll print it out. Okay
Okay, what's with all the dolphin batches a lot of us don't like the organization okay
We don't like the team. We don't like the organization. We don't like the smell of it the aroma could put you in a coma
Neal did you watch the NHL winner classic and wriggly yes? I did piece of crap
I think the NHL should do the dolphin stadium next year
Maybe that would re-regnate interest in hockey in South Florida. Yeah, that's a great idea
Let's have hockey outdoors in dolphin stadium
I could fill up what one section
Okay
That that's an active desperation just the whole business the NHL is going to get American interested. No, they're not
They're not going to get American interested other than the original six cities
The ones Boston Chicago Detroit, New York. That's it those four
The rest of America doesn't give a flying crap about hockey including South Florida
And just greed all this expansion was greed all let's jump on a bandwagon. We can get stuck 90 million dollars out of these rich guys and give them a franchise
The winner classic my ass and then the people are really feel that I was wondering who had the binocular concession
I would like to have had that
There's something like 75 miles from the game. They can't see the damn ice. They kept showing these shots from the stands
The ice looked like it was a hundred miles away
I'm sure George was glued to that. Oh, yeah like glue
Exactly
Jimmy says happy new year
It's first time I've had to tune in all day so I don't know if it's been mentioned yet
But bubble usbund paid you some of a compliment this morning when he made a say yes been mentioned
In typical Howard Stern wannabe fashion
Bubba ripped Paul and Ron a new one and said that you are old school as opposed to Paul and Ron who are just old
Obviously they're trying to you'll typical attack the local competition tactic
But I'm sure if you were in the same time slot as I show they'd be ripping you too
These are the same guys who endlessly ripped on Howard Stern
But once they were permanently fired from terrestrial radio needed to job
They began kissing his ass to get on satellite and they've had their lips surgically attached to serons
Stern's tired behind ever since how do you like that their kiss and his ass
They're kissing Howard's fat
These are the same guys who continually made fun of bubble gum blonde pop stars like Britney Spears
Then they did everything they could to promote the singing career Brooke Hogan
Bubba and Hulk Hogan are our good friends. Yeah, we know that. That's all they talks about
Brooke Hogan is the singing talent of a broccoli fart or like that
A broccoli fart
Please let me know when your last day on radio will be because then I'll take a little bit about to my car stereo
Be done with radio forever. It could be any day soon
Jimmy
Take care. Please leave me in your will so I can get the hell out of Florida
Everybody wants in my will believe you me pretty soon
There ain't going to be too much left in that world
Real
Jump in the taxi car about that driver central park
You look at me so quesically I could tell he was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture read and written my arms the trees I made
No bug speaks English and I'm on
Ha ha ha I went down to my yeah I met with each where the weather is nice and sunny
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun I
asked him for a pint of Belgium Beemys, and I want to hear the what doesn't mean
The button to English I had a mom
At the corner deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English
All you can go back to the line, alright?
Ha ha ha ha!
I came here many years ago and learned my ABCs.
I don't say much as grossiest, I say pretty please.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now stop making mistakes.
You know but I speak English.
Exactly, in 2017 in fact I was at Walgreens sunrise in Avhill out there in plantation.
I mean that's always one of my big important stops when I'm down in South Florida.
I was at Walgreens getting some drugs and no speaking English.
Uh huh what were they?
Not talking about the other customers in here.
What were they speaking?
What were they speaking?
Crap.
No speaking English say Abla Espanyol Ak.
See customers were like talking your language.
I see.
Well see that's not a safe bet anymore once upon a time.
What do you mean by that?
If it weren't speaking English you know they were speaking Spanish but not anymore.
What would they be speaking that?
No telling.
I hear every other language man.
I hear Vietnamese, German, Korean.
How do you know it's Vietnamese?
I don't.
How do you know it's Korean?
I don't.
I don't.
It's not Chinese or Japanese because I can recognize those.
No speaking English.
Okay so somebody just sent me something that I'm supposed to be all impressed and excited
about.
It's a throw a shoe at Bush.
It says this is a real hoot and it's a link to the same thing that we've had on our
website now for days and days and days.
Then they make you want to vomit?
No it's normal.
It's part of the course.
Oh wait till you see this Neil.
This is really a hoot.
Ah!
Gambling journals can help you keep track success and improve your game.
Somebody sent me this.
From Nick Sorthal in the South Florida scum sentinel.
For that newspaper it's not a four pages and two pages are ads.
See the New York Times is going to start selling ads on the front page now.
That's how desperate the newspapers are.
Of course who now are we to talk?
How's that signal doing today folks?
You know something I got a great idea.
If tomorrow starts out like this we can do that for four hours and you can do and then
there you go we could beat box.
Yeah!
There you go.
It says do you get to spend the company's money is that I'm on question I'm asked
why I tell people I write about gambling.
Short answer no says Nick.
Longer answer I wouldn't want to because who would get the cash if I hit a big jackpot
them or me.
I didn't hit a big payday this year but it might happen in 2009 so I keep a journal
of all my gambling wins and losses for the year in case lightning strikes.
I want to document the losses to be able to balance out things to make the IRS happy.
That's a real bitch you can deduct your losses only to the amount of your winnings.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Which is bull crap suppose you lost like a million bucks.
Okay.
A quick aside it says all gambling wins are taxable notes gambling tax expert Russ Fox
of Irvine California.
The law requires the 1099 form to be issued on wins of at least 600 bucks but just because
you don't get a tax form doesn't mean you can legally skate all of what you do is between
you and you are accountant back to my 2008 journal I gambled 64 times this year guess
where I'm going by the way to a clock what about yeah I got my shirt on already not my pantaloonie
yet during the next break.
64 times this year most of them since mid March when I took over the gambling beat says
Nick they have a gambling beat I'm not a big spender okay flat out cheap so I said a
$50 loss limit oh my god that puts me in line with a recent casino studies that I'm
that showed about half of people walk into a casino spend 50 bucks or less 50 bucks
or less like some of these old bags who tie up the wheel of fortune the three wheel of
fortune machines at hard rock there and they sit there all day and they look at the machine
and they get on the phone and blah blah blah blah blah and they pops get around with their
purse they're not really playing they're just tying up the machine just in case it might
might pay out and they want to make sure you can't get it although don't worry it won't
still I try to play a lot of games in the name of research immersion journalism he said
how did I do well I just ended up losing a dollar in 2008 a dollar and he liked that
wow the losses three hundred and thirty five bucks total video poker for the year cost
me a hundred eighteen bucks slots forty eight bar poker dealer tips seventy five bucks
and a one to two dollar limit poker fifty eight bucks I lost thirty six bucks also
in various personal best most notably a july wager with George temel that gas would
stay about four bucks a gallon the my credit I declined his offer to go double or nothing
and about a dip below three fifty the way is three hundred and thirty four dollars total
fifty six dollars and two to four dollar limit poker hundred twenty five dollars ahead
after five tournaments of ten to fifty dollar buy-ins the day new high lie and a hundred
fifty three dollars up this year in our neighborhood poker game there's a greater
point to keeping a gambling journal other than having a possible tax document when lightning
strikes it's also a roadmap for how you're doing I'll tell you how I do it I'm losing my
ass I'm losing my fellow not lately not so much it would buy how come I can win here and I
can't win in those joints down there coincidence I just think they don't like me they're watching
my machine man in my case it shows that either I haven't been lucky a video poker or my strategy
I want to throw away what to keep needs honing he says keep honing on it one reader John
Marx of West and uses journal of more than a hundred poker outings to deduce that he's the best
off playing in poker tournaments of a hundred fifty bucks and more with large fields could you I
mean if your life depended on it you watch people play poker on television to no I can't watch them
play the so-called exciting I understand but I'm talking about watching people play cards no oh
they're having people watch people play chess how about my strong okay the larger events make it
easier to finish the money says you have to finish only the top 20 to 200 player field as opposed
to the top 30 player trimmer whatever this all means it means nothing it means absolutely nothing
nice going there naked the skum settle I'm surprised they had room to print his article they
go they're down to like two pages one and a half pages of ads if you want a ball game score ball
score from out of town from like a late game forget it oh late late game after eight o'clock we
go to bed at eight they're losing their ass all the newspapers are going under and you know why
why more and more people are getting their news online she yeah and reading stuff other than the
propaganda we get in our so-called mainstream newspapers like the propaganda in the hero and the
skum settle how we doing on the pull our goal is eight hundred now I revised it upward
seven ninety oh we got it licked seven ninety w n w s
wonder if lu cron is still alive is his kids still work for power 96 yes he does yes
somebody not saying bad about lu cron and what a moron he was okay god was he an idiot
when dick Casper went off to Nashville lu cron and her to the job as general manager he had been
a sales manager and all of a sudden he's the gm and he used to sit in the in the manager's office
with the lights out smoking his pipe in the dark
and you know what I bet you I bet you Joe Bell learned from lu cron because boy if anybody's in the
dark it's Joe Bell did he smoke a pipe he's smoking it
I know you can't say much because you're waiting for that car hold him up breath man
I think that would be a good pull question for the audience will kiwam come through with a car
for Georgia they're gonna stick it to you we just put one option on there
no right
that we've done that we've done those pull in the one option
like who's the biggest a whole of them all we just put Joe Bell on there sounds good
hey stench of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphin now at central park in New
York City the scariest most adrenaline pumping ride to hit the country in decades it's the
Wall Street Rural and Coaster hang on your seat hang on your wallet and get ready to lose your
live on the roller coaster now is rupord age 58 seeing his retirement savings spin out of control
on the Wall Street roller coaster
here's 47 year old marjorie after investing her life savings in a i g riding the Wall Street Rural
coaster
and here's an elderly couple Morris and Pearl watching their fixed income go cops
you're turning on the Wall Street Rural and Coaster
Wall Street, it's a ride that you'll remember for the rinse of your life
okay everybody for the food we sell a pig plant
well there you go the rear i love it a full of his money are soon farted like that guy with a
son semolina it's giving you a song to dance about keeping a journal who won what do you say you lost
the dollar last year yeah who sounds like the voice of experience to me a Roland Burris it's got a
news conference he said we have in this state and in this nation and Illinois is need to have a full
compliment a full compliment of senators right now what a farce what a joke but then again that's
you know we're busy washing them kill each other in israel again Arabs and the Jews and the Jews
and they're just kind of like Danny and Jimmy in it and then go him
799 and a poll we're gonna make 800 how do you like that that's that's a feather in my crap I'll tell
you that I got my pantaloonies on now come on people come on people one vote on the poll
haha that's the one thing that fact Chris really knew how to do really egg these people on on the
poll 800 we got it you can you can ease back now okay while I'm checking my emails okay how many
can you give me as you think we got 100 I mean done try again none that's it what are you laughing
oh Chris made a funny face yeah but he's not there anymore still I remember oh I guess we better
go back to these calls the last half hour they've been pretty damn good today the best yeah the best
that Joe Belkin bring it one thing about Joe he sure knows his crap believe you me in fact it
wouldn't surprise me the least bit if it turned out his middle name was 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
I don't understand why we're not getting more of course they're not old enough our audience they're old
but they're not that old about what about what I said about the hard rock and about pomp and
one about the slots and in fact that they just don't pay in some places and then that fake call
comes in there and nobody even commented about that he's giving me a son of an instant they pay 10
to 12% there would be old ladies throwing halivati each other if they were throwing pain only 10
or 12% although I don't know maybe it's true I don't think anybody's regulating it
George is going to share with us tomorrow his experience at the slots sure well not that kind okay
we can't air somebody Q a m hello so what exactly is your problem Neil
you can't answer me
now every time I call you very well not him again I'm not listen I've got rough day I'm not
putting up with you you have been on vacation what do you mean by that normally you catch that guy
with the first quaggle that was him what's exactly a problem hey at least that isn't one of them
that's true Q a m hello hey Neil yes sir how are you buddy down here from Detroit in South Florida
oh boy bad move yeah real bad and being out of Detroit anyways good
yeah I mean the people down here are miserable I don't I don't get the whole scenario down here
then what are you doing here it's just hanging out for a couple of days family
but we listen to when you come down here we love you guys
yeah
have a good day happy to hear Neil back to you okay cheer up it's going to get a lot worse cheer up
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless lines prices right WQ a m hello
I've been listening for 30 years you're playing about every GM you had my Disney you're complaining about
the joe bell school and you know I'm getting tired of it yeah this is wild by the way
who this is what I don't know Hawaii I have no idea Hawaii somebody by the way which I have no
idea who it is I guess I was supposed to be impressed because he's a real fast yeah this is wild
well he has to go listen to himself yeah oh turn it up real loud okay I'm very impressed
WQ a m hello good afternoon good afternoon sir hey I sure seems like a good guy I got an extra car
I just bought a car about two weeks ago he's more than more than welcome to the lens on him if he needs it
I got it's an old three blazer if you'll be able to come through all right I'm going to be
roller skating to work hang on to it I'll just send Neil the insurance bill I just kidding
but if you see me I think it's good luck to you though thank you okay he'll need it thanks a lot
parking in a gay garage WQ a m hello you're my friend Q a m hello
Q a m
WQ a m hello
I was sad just for maybe only 15 minutes after the dolphin law so I just want to say thank you
to them I'm a real fan of New England was looking dangerous they would have got in that would have
been nasty yeah but I'm a real fan so and have a new year and back to you yeah
there was the JETSUCK it was that performance they put on in the last game in the regular
season that's what propelled the dolphins in their nut game yesterday and like the guy said
earlier the patrons wouldn't have been humiliated and degraded by Baltimore well sure I could
be wrong but it seems to me which they did handle it earlier in the season I could be wrong about
that I don't think so George let us know sure in detail I think they pounded the snot out of the
ravens WQ a m hello Neil yes sir were you down here this past week yes so why don't you say
something before you come down man you all say something after you got well I know what that
means what what does that mean well check me out in the high roll is real man I'll see you at the
summoner later no no chance and then and that's exactly the reason why I don't say it yeah that's
exactly the reason why because I don't want a bunch of klingons and stalkers like you oh
neils down here oh let's go bug him at hard rock let's go well yeah get out of my life and get
out of my face sir nobody Q a m hello you're my buddy Q a m hello
Neil yes why do you always pick on the quarterbacks with on the games with a probably quarterback
okay are you speaking into that thing or you're just mumbling I'm talking to you man
now toss speak up so the world can hear your crap pick up your plane yeah yeah why do you always
like that for you come to that publication huh what the hell are you talking about do you have any
ideas talking about nope that makes three of us another crazy way I'm hello I can talk to Neil
speaking Neil yes how you doing okay I had I used to work in a couple of hospital pharmacies guess
and where that said I'm out of material okay thanks for the big news Walter Krona
said a pain in the ass I'll wreck them wow I wonder if I had vision new fan
eight eleven on the pool bank 36 boys should be hard and that I guess maybe I'm just one of those
people has an unusual bad experience you know no no it's fraud protection sir it's fraud we have
to turn this over to fraud protection and put you in touch with them then you have to repeat the
same information and then they do another check history check did you what do these cars
did you ever own what do these houses did you ever live at you know and then they give you one of
the addresses she gave me was one from Kendall from like 35 years ago well which luckily I remembered
you know who the hell would you remember where you live 35 years ago yep the address I yep you do
1591 Southwest 243 Florida 33030 Monroe 577 O.M. I was 10 years old that was our phone number in
Rochester New York 56 freaking years ago how do you like that for a memory huh wow
Monroe 577s a memory needs to use exchanges no that was before my time was it really
which is too bad you know I can't sing along to any of those songs and relate to them you know
what's each word 4578 nine crap like that oh well it goes to show you there's something to be
said for being an old fart yep I don't know what it is you know I'm not gonna look at it
I know some facts out of you know you know Roger holy mackenon this is jubal on the voice of the
Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God rocks rocks rocks
you will find what you are looking for at rock mart grab a feastful of savings on de palestinian
areas favorite projectiles protest in style with an assortment of fine ignios and conglomerate rocks
many sizes available helped with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new
imported granite chunks toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and shale in the
latest new fall colors plus briles our last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles
while supplies last so for rock bottom prices on de palestinian areas favorite projectile flinging
today to the rock mart for a feastful of savings there's one just a stone throw away from you
okay 144 here's one actually about something I was talking about
for one he says the Indian casinos are not regulated they can set the machines to whatever they
whatever pay off they want unless you have a craving to play poker at 3 a.m. why would anyone
go go to these dumpsters beyond me I hate them all all horrible places with horrible peoples as one
how do you like that horrible it was horrible what's he trying to say and we just terrible
okay here's one from Jorge a different one I guess there are a lot of us oh yeah or everywhere this
this one is chronic I just who didn't vote it on your poll was 801 how does he know he was 801
probably because that's what the count was right after he voted we got 817 now
and who the hell cares I go to the hard rock all the time I've lost my acid black jack I've got half
my I have got my money back half the time on the $1 wheel of fortune slot machine playing the max bed
well who the hell doesn't play the max bed on a wheel of fortune you don't get to spin if you don't play
the max bed I mean what are you talking about Jorge and then also something about Ron McGill who
is it that hates Ron McGill is it Chris that Chris yes so this isn't from Jorge although it is this
is a chronic regular here's one that says Neil you should have made one of the conditions of your
50% pay cut that Beasley would put you on FM know what is listening to AM anymore you know why
do you want vacation we had an email that was short and costic but right to the point and it
said a dying show on a dying station on a dying medium terrestrial radio well love yeah and I said
right on anyway this one says I think you have more listeners online than terrestrial listener
a listener we better not have I'll tell you that we average about I don't know 700 to a thousand
people a day listening online if that's what we got listening out there on a course we got a good
signal these days why wouldn't anybody want to listen through that right so they can hear I'm your
friend four or five hundred times also clear channels new 93.9 Miami station has had more promotion
in the past to weeks that you've had in 30 years billboards everywhere that's because they own the
billboards cheap channel they own the billboards and our people ain't the remember that rumor that
we had months ago all toward the end of the year Joe found some promotion money to promote
Neil show remember that yep and what what ideas have you got from a morning was sure was that
flea that came to us with that yep and then of course it turned out to be a bunch of BS BS
bell Schmidt and of course now they got the excuse oh the economies and the crapper and
a depression and all that crap you know that that's the excuse for everybody now
here's one that says I think your bank is pissed off that you're constantly sucking money out of
the floor of economy and pumping it to the Canadian economy and buying Nazi cars while spewing your
commie anti-American propaganda on the air so they're cutting you off that's it good point excellent
phone I agree and screw you oh here's one honest and affordable health insurance from Johnny
how do you like that a rat think I'm gonna pay any attention to that and it's written to me to
it that's just one of those generic ones you know don't you love those that are that are
written to nobody like like the thank-bake of america ones have you gotten that yet yep your
bank of america count is blah blah blah blah blah blah and we're suspecting this and of course it's
written to blank to nobody in addition to which where would the bank of america have Neil
at neal roger's dot com right right or yours or any of the other ones just just a game and maybe
the world has just gone totally insane might as always on the verge maybe we went over the edge
join in oh I did a long time ago I got my shoes on my pantaloonies my shirt
I'm getting ready to head off to wood buying with another a few bucks or lose my ass I really don't
care after this experience today if I lost two grand today I still would think hey pretty good
uh you know activity you know what I mean yep I'm sure you do let me do QA in hello
a neal yes sir listen next time you come down have you considered going to a flagler dot dot track
no they got cable TV now yeah and and slot and running water yeah and toilet
yeah and the people now too toilet toilets for the people are for the dogs
no okay coming to QA I'm home okay that was it I thought we're gonna have like a little mini
lighting around there at the end of the show today but what nothing boy so how did how did this
work out technically the new setup we'll live we have a few more modifications to make before
what exactly completely independent in this room well because we're still half in that other room
over there we're still what half in the other room over there we're half in the womb yes
WQAM hello I'm a fan QAM hello
Haitians are south Florida QAM hello a meal the best part of the story you never got to
heard was the lady started speaking in tongues yeah I swear to God that lady that's more in the
Christian ladies started speaking that tongue that means all this time I got a call to the beginning
of the show that with that boring story with this Dung I mean tongue it was boring at 10 o'clock
and it's almost is boring at two o'clock but then again we don't have much to choose from
WQAM hello hello yes meal yes sir I just wanted to make the point that all native
um gaming organizations in this country are all regulated by the NIGC so the right one to say
that they're not regulated is an incorrect statement by the one they're all regulated by the NIGC
yeah and and where can we find out what the payout is like at the hard rock well it's all of it
is on the NIGC website what it should be and as far as who goes by and now police is this is
another story when they are regulated by the NIGC okay thank you so much you bet okay let me uh
google it okay what am I'm placing filler music oh when he started spelling NIG I started a little
nervous I know you did 821 on the pool here's the homepage the regulatory agents who be
responsible for overseeing Indian gaming see here's a guy that wasn't playing any games didn't make
up a bunch of crap didn't come up with some phony number about they pay out 10% you know like that
welcome to the NIGC website and it's got a picture of a bunch of like uh
Hausses on there or reindeer I don't know what they are
the commission's primary mission is to regulate gambling activities in Indian lands for the
purpose of shielding Indian tribes tribes from organized crime and other computer influences
to ensure that Indian tribes are the primary beneficiaries of gaming revenue and to ensure
that gaming is conducted fairly and honestly by both operators and players uh-huh I see
I got this really nifty book somebody sent me about slot machines you know yeah what does it say
nothing like that a 23 on the pool on my first day back from vacation on the first show
of the new year on the first show with George sitting in there all by himself
I mean Chris added something to the show wait besides wait you are such a bastard no wonder
they're not going to get you to that car they're not going to get you no friggin car are you crazy
I'm this them already he added something to show he was right sunny face and we had good chemistry going
and now there everything that they can do to destroy this radio show and you know something
one thing I have a feeling I could be wrong maybe I'm going to finally get off my ass and find a
real attorney if there's a real attorney listening to this show send me an email because maybe
this is the year we I finally sue their ass what do you think I doubt it I doubt you will
you know what find a real attorney or sue their ass either either or right you're trying to
say I'm some kind of a wimp some kind some kind of a fool some kind of a whistling the best
talent you know right you're the sicker it's day if I have a town at five six oh wq
oh
a
uh
ah
like
I'm the bushelin bushelin bushelin all the way
I pray for the paintful death who creeps in USA
My revenge is that you must die
In the sky on your next life
I want you to die today
I'm rubbing out of rubber, rubbing out of rubber, rubbing down
I lightest proud of me
I'm rubbing out of rubber, rubbing out of rubber, rubbing down
I find no painlessly
You need me to go for you, my mind
Bol bol bol bon confidence
Ramadan
Ramadan
Bol bol bol
Don't rub down a rubber, rubbing down
I'll learn through boundaries
I'm rubbing out of rubber, rubbing out of rubber
Exactly
Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana
Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana Ramadana.
