Hey, Stormy!
And you wonder where we're going out of business?
No, I don't wonder.
I know, I don't either.
Stormy!
WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 5-670-560 in-date and brown.
In other counties, call toll-free 877-785-Neil or pound 560 on your AT&T and advise a wireless phones.
The operators at P восп.
His haters, or his collars, do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on 5-60-WQAM.
Who's gonna get Ricky up low?
He's got the money, he's got the looks, he's got the brains.
But the man who seems like he has it all has never done this.
I never thought, in a million years, that I would have the chance to bang 25 beautiful women who know nothing about me.
The creators of the Bachelor bring you an all new reality show
The bastard. I can see myself in amber, but Jennifer looks like one of those and she'd be good in bed types
You know, it's like dog with a good girl to go to the bad girl. You know missionary doggy. So whatever
25 girls one guy with a mission Veronica. I love I love you so much. Oh my gosh
Really the bastard. Yeah totally totally
I can see myself with you for the rest of my life. Yeah
Me too, Renee. It's Susan
Love has no name. Oh, you're so sweet. I take up a towel so we can take a trip down to like the life road
Whatever the bastard. Oh, you're definitely getting a loss. Oh
Yeah, oh you're definitely getting a rose
It's a 10-1 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Thursday to you. Thanks to George for filling in yesterday while I was still
Hacking and coughing and puking and choking. I'm not doing that anymore though. You know, no
Must be those cough drops
What cough drops the one you were you were taking on Tuesday? No, no, no, it's getting some rest
I'm chewing one now
You're chewing it a cough drop. Yeah, I love to know. Oh my god. You're not supposed to chew coffee. I don't do that though
I'd I chew ice me too when I get all my diet so does it
Yeah, you know I'm sitting there and I yeah, I chew the ice
I enjoy chewing the ice whether I do drink in a soda in fact
There's not really that much soda in it. They say that's bad for your teeth. You're not supposed to and I say you know
Whatever my drone business. Yeah
There's a lot of things that are bad for you like the ice cream I yesterday and you had listened to how good I sound today
That's right. I couldn't even barely speak yesterday
And here I am today all nurse back to good health. I think I'm over this crap good
Good is right stormy was on there at the end of the Joe Roe show
Let's take a look at the schedule for the rest of today. We got that big game coming up tonight any interest. No
Oh, yeah, everybody in town even George is on the Gator bandwagon
Right that's right
Go get running phony's even people have no nothing about it. No, I explained that when I was hosting the show
It's the only campus I ever partied on most of my friends went on to become gators and beat that gator meat
Yeah, and they were always nice to me. So therefore therefore by default to fi am going to a give a crap
They're told by DFO by DFO if I'm gonna pretend to give a crap on that station. It's got no like us. We got no
How many watts are we running today?
Fought third man. Yeah
Anyway, we got the big ol' it to a clock this afternoon despised and reviled by the entire audience and I have no idea why what do they got against him?
I don't know because he's a hoolie or something. I didn't know that they did baby talk
I'm maybe mad dog four to seven fifteen at Dolphin Stadium
Before the big game the BCS championship game Oklahoma Sooners and the Florida Gators
715 and then we got ESPN radio after hours of that crap. I mean after that exciting. I'm not gonna be watching it
I don't think maybe I will you gonna watch it no what
The gators and the of course not the sooner is man
Oklahoma can you imagine the average IQ on that team? Wow minus something hey, they might fool you all
And speaking of bad IQ
Detroit
A detroit elementary school is asking for donations of toilet paper and light bulbs to keep their school functioning
The principle of the Academy of America sent a letter to staff parents and partners
asking for donations of items that are of the utmost importance for proper school functioning and most important for student health and safety
Yeah, if you can't wipe your ass how can you go to school?
In the letter principal Naomi Colliel
Sighted budget constraints within the district is the reason why the school could no longer stock the items budget constraints like here at Q.A.M
No toilet paper no paper clips no paper towels no nothing none of these things can't afford them budget cuts
The district is grappling with more than a four hundred million dollar budget deficit is on the verge of being assigned an emergency
Financial manager by the state of Michigan the letter asked for toilet paper paper towel rolls trash bags and
60 100 or 150 watt light bulbs 150 watts too much
When you think of the kind of for toilet paper stick to the 60 watts let the kids read in the dark
We realize that the economic situation is stressful for our entire community
We're asking for your call collaboration role Colliel collaboration
We thank you for your cooperation
We hope that there's a school community we can pull together to guarantee the best possible educational environment for our kids and that they can wipe their asses
Wow
They sent out a letter for pencils pens clean x
Beginning of the school year and they're now they're asking for a toilet paper in Detroit
I guarantee a man they haven't even Mr. Whipple never made enough toilet paper for all of Detroit because it's a really shmitty place wow
Oh god, it's shmitty
Oh look at that. Here's one for today's pool. I bet so far the pool is very weak. Could you add Ronald McDermott?
This is not my pool. I got them. I knew I would be
Would be what I knew it'd be adding a lot today's pool
Could you add Ronald McDonald surely more manly than the Burger King and the dude. I'm getting a del guy
I remember that guy that punk yeah
Incidentally the free credit report the singer was named the most effective pitch man of 2008 within the industry
Oh the most affected the most obnoxious the most makes you want to change your channel pitch man free credit dot com
I
Guy bugs me hard does he really you know the one you're that
That you're talking about yeah always well. What's the bit we've got about that? I
Don't know it sounds just like the commercial. It's yeah
And the credit what's called my credit is crap. Yeah, that's what it is
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food
Buying groceries never felt so good
Too bad I didn't know my credit was waxed or security was breached in the database got a
That's feels me my credit is crap dot com baby
I'm as food as I can be thought about killing myself maybe now instead of eating good and getting fat
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap
See RAP that's feels me my credit is crap dot com baby. I didn't like that. He was named the most effective
I don't like him at all. I like to be a drummer though in his he's got that I said you know
I like the drummer with the facial schmutz. I don't like facial schmutz generally with the drummer's okay
He could be done my drum
Here's the pull from yesterday. This wasn't a bad one
Did you like it? No?
No, not really no. Sorry
As much as I like the godfather
I thought it was kind of boring
boring
Yeah, it wasn't as good as foodies pulls you know like working to get the best bacon cheese. Nothing ever
For like six weeks
Whatever happened to his show footy. He's gone. He's off. He's still off the air. Yeah, and whatever happened to all those
Stories that were just circulating boy. We sure got some bum information
For the ass and the other yeah
No, and not from inside from your friend flee and from everybody all well
Those kids go back to New York and Sadano's going into mornings and they're doing syndicated mid days and and then
Iod's going to FM all all those stories that were circulating about radio
As if anybody cares about radio anymore
Does anybody care about us? I'll tell you one thing the emails of sure some lockdown to like almost nothing
I've got one obnoxious one here from yesterday, which thank God. I got it out the top of my pile after I read yesterday's poor result
Did I finish with the oh yeah, I did schedule. We got the big game tonight. Sooners and the gators I
Couldn't care less about either one of those teams and I'm not well. I'm just not one of these guys that jumps on a bandwagon
You know
You know what I mean what do you mean?
I can't notice on the morning sure they're all oh, you know what Zach go to where did Zach go to school?
He's a gator. He is a gator. He is a gator. Oh my god. That explains a lot
God talk about the average IQ and tell a Hassee
I know that's in Gainesville. Why are we all are?
But I am confused in all of them redneck schools
Gator is the King's fine school. I don't know what is
What you are Gainesville. Yeah
It's a party school. That's it. That's why he's to get drunk and get laid right or so is so is any college
Even faster. Oh, I need to go back then even your Shiva a bit
You was your favorite non-crawley only character from the godfather
Tom Hagen 106
Good old Robert Duval man. He's just great. I
Guess I should get some drop-ins here. Yes, get some droppings. Let's see Robert Duval
Do we have what do we have him San?
We don't have anything we ought to know we go we got Tessios and
Well, he just
That's it with Sally is that all we have him San? Wow, I'm looking to be looking through right now
God be more than that
With all the godfather drops that we've got
No
Oh
Here's a response from Norma can't
Yeah, oh, yeah call you when I get out of court later. Oh, yeah, go away normal. You're useless useless is breasts on the moon
The most beautiful lovely supple breast in the world could be on the moon and you could reach out and still
Not not not people to reach him anyway Tom Hagen wins 106. We just don't have any
Any Tom Hagen apparently not
That's kind of sad look a bronchi comes in second with 96 best remembered for when he said don't call you on
I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter
wedding
Oh
I'll take care of Luca. Let me worry about look at mo green. Oh
My god mo green got 72 votes. He's third. You know who I am. I'm mo green
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
Clemensa fat Clemensa was a fourth with 69 votes. Oh
Did you yeah, yeah, I always cracked me up. Yeah, he was great. I love that comic relief even when he's shooting somebody he looked funny
Yeah
Fat people gravitate to another fat people. I don't know if you're aware of that. I did not it's gravity makes sense
Yeah, that's right Frankie pentagio. He got my vote good old Frankie. He got 59 votes
And
I
Will go to the
Did that
Yeah, yeah, sure how could you not love Frankie?
Franky five inch I do
Apollonia got 52 that's because of her her supple breasts
time in Roth 40
Other 39 I don't know why do we have other on there? I don't know
Virgil the turk solace 19
We have a drop in with the silo. No. Yeah, we do we have to I'll just look at sure as hell do not
I'm sure as hell do not hang on
Yeah, maybe not I thought I just saw something with Virgil yeah Virgil Virgil trucks used to pitch for the Tigers
Sal Tessio 14
Now see that's that's bad because I already
Scrums up all my arrangements my arrangements Tessio 14 K Adams 10
Johnny Fontaine six
Johnny Fontaine six
What's the drive oh here it is
You're gonna talk about
Don Finucci six will willy-cheese six without goofy little mustache
What is it about guys with mustaches what is it I have always wondered that I don't know I tried it
It was awful what is it that inspires a guy and I'm talking about a sexual thing
You know, I'm just just in generally speaking why do guys grow mustaches?
Especially strange mustaches you know to distract your a six Rocco lamppone five Don Tomasino 3
Genko Abadondo to who?
Genko Pac-Genko look what I got
But I don't I don't remember him in the movie I think they they flashed him briefly in the you know in the sequel got father to
During those flashbacks
Right here
El Niri to and Johnny all I had one with that big silly hat that he had and with Superman and Cuba Superman
Okay, I got a really scathing email from yesterday which I'm sure is fake
Although you know like you say they're all for real is that what you always say that's right and
Today's pull now do you add Ronald McDonald on there? I mean, that's so obvious no not yet
I have to wait for Eric to make an adjustment
Well, that's right because they are ones you're adding are going on to tomorrow's poll sorry
We're ready sir
Florida sucks oh by the way I changed the poll all new January 5th. I am mad at myself
I can't believe I'm still talking about wait. This is who I am
Accepted or not. I am a staggering
530 pounds
I'm too fat to go to the gym. I'm fresh enormous. They don't get any bigger than this
Skin hanging out
I
Know take that in a minute
It's like week one hamburger at a time
It was a false alarm was just a Oprah raspberry wasn't that's what it was yeah, she sat on a whoopee cushion
That must be it and went whoopee anyway, I changed the poll soon. That's a word about frosted flakes in the this and that's a horrible poll anyway
And and Eric's gonna have to take the cocoa crisps off the
He did oh nice going Eric off the new poll
We were just having a conversation about putting it back the other way so that I could add Ronald McDonald when you changed it
Yeah, well because it's a it's a crappy poll
One ad or mascot influenced you to buy the most
573 votes total tally final Tony the tiger frosted place 164 the only reason I voted for that
Because I love frosted flakes. I don't eat cereal. I don't buy it because I can I can eat it under the box
I try to avoid it, but I eat two giant bowls of cinnamon toast crunch last night
Just because it's the first crunch. What is that it's like golden grams with cinnamon and sugar on oh god?
It was wonderful, but
Poison bad for me absolutely bad. I had that Nestle is a heavenly hash ice cream yesterday a lot of it
You're gonna die up there bad stuff for it. No, I'm not I am gonna die someday. I'm feeling pretty good today
Yeah, I'm feeling so good. You know where I'm going at two o'clock. What about good guess?
The Chihuahua from the Taco Bell ads
125
Mr. Peanut from planners peanut 67
Planners peanut peanut poppin fresh pills were a 64
Now is that the moment a little a white hand?
No poppin fresh is like the little little fat man the white hand is hamburger helper
Really boy, you sure know your crap just I do it taking a while
You take you took a couple this morning. I heard mm-hmm the King from Burger King 61 picture man from cool age 40
2 cans Sam from fruit loops 19
Chester Cheetah from Cheetah was 11. I do like Cheetos. I never buy it. I like the fried one
Wow, I get like a little bag a little sack. Yeah, the noise I heard out of those pizza tin dig in the frog from sugar smack safe boy
I haven't had sugar smacks in about five thousand years
I don't really like sugar smacks. They're like moushy. Yes, right?
I don't like good. I don't like moushy things very good and oven mitt from our bees for I never saw that
oven mitt
Yeah, very little known character there really yeah
Okay, the new poll is up there. It's a survey and
Basically we're out of polls so and whatever ones I didn't use like the ones from
brand from
Not Brandon. Well Brandon's got a message on here. So the one from Charlie B
There were a couple other ones and the one from your buddy in holly was Sean
There were a couple really crappy ones. So I didn't use them. I'm not quite a of course you have a Virgil Salato drop says
He we hit him with five shots and he's still alive
Look at what where is it?
Sonny gets it. Oh here it is right here. Oh you got it
They're in with five shots and he's still alive
That's bad luck for me
In bad luck for you if you don't make it
You know what's sunny
Let's see and Brandon says in jenko was the unedited version of the first movie that's only been aired on TV
Vita and all the sons including Tom and Johnny visited him in the hospital on the name of Connie's wedding because he was dying and
I'd expect to survive the night so they went to pay the respects. I wonder if Enzo the Baker stood in the doorway
Thanks Brandon
Otherwise, we never would have found that Salato drop he was good. Yeah, Turk. Yes
I still like the way he had the like those alligator teeth speaking of the gators. He had those alligator teeth like oh
Yes
And danger is that Luca? Wow look at this boy today. She was just awful. I
Wonder why Neil's been solo on energy since the return from vacation
Today's show is just we won't even on for like 20 minutes. Well, it's just awful. Yeah
I'm usually a happy kind of guy but this week when listening to Neil
It made my energy levels plummet. Neil, please take something for your depression. St. John's wart will do the trick
I'm not the least bit depressed
I'm in a really good mood today got 30 votes on the new pool
Which we'll get to momentarily
But first we have to pay respects to Tony Cigreto
Well, first of all before that one
Here's one from your friend Porter week and Ralph who I keep thinking I'm blocking. I should block
Do I sound like I'm low on energy to you? No, just not the least bit just a little the best I haven't about the two weeks
Good getting rid of that crud
Been sick as a dog in this a hole takes the time to write oh Neil today show is just awful
More negativity from South Florida negative a holes rotten miserable negative a holes
But I understand you trapped and you can't get out. I get it. I got out
PR Ralph says okay. I have an issue
Ken Maldon is gone not a peep from the station of the sports nerds at the station
Now is he officially gone?
I think so because because when Hank called me by accident that day when I was down there
He said that he called clearance in Tudum and ass and that the clearance claimed that we're gonna get Ken some a part-time stuff
Now do we have any way of knowing whether they did or not? I do not
Let me look at the schedule
I don't see him anywhere in the schedule this weekend and I tend to believe the clearance probably just told Hank that to get him off the phone
Anyway, well we miss Ken Maldon. He's a great guy and I already paid him great tribute and the homage and respect and
We're very sorry the way they screwed him over the way they turned him over and they stuffed a hot poker right deep inside his back-to-body
A PR Ralph says Tony Cigarette was last day is tomorrow and they've made the a vigil the whole week last night with Melan head sucking up to him
Oh, not Melan head
Oh, are you kidding me?
You know Melan head don't you know?
I dumped the bitch right now. Oh, that's no one like John McCain would say that one
Ralph says sorry
I like Ken better than Tony Cigarette. I don't never even met Ken
But sounds like a good guy. Well, he is a great guy not a good guy a great guy and a real professional and a a bench a real bench
But they stuck it to him because number one he's Jewish and number two probably probably farted in jolly joe bells face one time
John a long time listener
goes on
About Tony Cigarette. I better to do justice to this. I better do it after the break
Okay, I don't want to read the two facts. It's long right long and ponderous and it's interesting when you get about three quarters of the way through
He says I just want you to see Tony Cigarette. Oh the way I do I don't
Isn't that amazing? They would they want me to say this they want me to think that they want me to do do do I'm not gonna do that
Just like think I would is Israel crap that I'll get to eventually
About I better say this and I better say that screw you
41 votes on the new pool other than Neil which QAM showed you listen to the most we've done this many many times
41 votes. I only listen to Neil 21 Jim men which eight Joe rose seven
I don't listen to QM at all three now the reason I put that on here is because we've discovered ill over the years that there are people to vote on our polls
Who don't listen to the station right right that is correct don't you find that bizarre it's interesting but no not really oh
Dolphin hotline one that must be Wayne the big old one ESPN radio none and the DA
Damon amendolara has got just like his rating. Oh my god. Oh, he's consistent
Real American a halls
We salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution to quit smoking guy
Mr. Broke your new years resolution to quit smoking guy the ball dropped and so did your willpower
Every year you swear you're gonna quit and every year you high-tail it to the nearest smoke for less by
1205
It's 30 below outside in the office smoking lounge
But you don't care because for the next five minutes you are a marble man
With the money you'd save on cigarettes alone you could put down a down payment on a new condo
But no biggie condos don't come in menthol
So we salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution to quit smoking guy your trembling fingers your yellow teeth and your
Camo cash you are a real American a hole you ferry 1031 at 560 WQM happy Thursday to me
I'll try to get some more energy and sign more alive and awaken under a hundred years old, but I'm not
Now here's another email there and they're trickling in one at a time
The only the arriders dot com by the way for all your
Commentaries and all your critiques and what's the other one complaints and complaints complaints and critiques
Here's one and of course they all want to tell us how to live how to what to think well good here's one for you excellent
It starts out about me, but then it morphs into you
Neil FYI typically the symptoms of a cold occurred two to five days after infection
So you most likely did not catch it on the plane
But rather from one of the Arabs Chinese or Mexicans in your building also tell George that marijuana weekends your immune system
Which is probably why he is sick so frequently?
I see so here's a email telling you what to do and what not to do okay?
Don't smoke and don't do they actually it actually strengthens my immunity to other things does it really yes
Like this place short for one thing. Oh, here's a couple of poll suggestions. I'm glad you're feeling better says Ray Wow
No, stop you've already sent me this piece of crap, okay?
The person I would like most deceased spontaneously burst into flames is and then he's got a list of names
Yeah, they're on there 50,000 get out of that yesterday get out of here what right? I got that yesterday through right in the garbage
By a fax Andy man
Our hon jicker recommends you visit the FM QB website page at and here's a link which I would nearly don't do links
Bubba's new serious XM deal better than no Bubba at all it says oh, I'm tired of that
Aren't you tired of all the bubble my sees yes, I'm not interested in Bubba
If he wants to if he wants to use somebody else to show to promote his crap his redneck crap find somebody else
71 votes on our poll other than the old what the which WQM showed you listen to the most I only listen to needle 41
57.7%
exclusive cum which would mean mean a lot if we had a lot of people listening but we don't anymore stations vanishing from your rated in fact
The whole radio is just vanishing from our lives
Jim mandates 12 Joe Rose 11 and I'll listen to QM at all three the big O's got appear ESPN radio one dolphin hotline one and
DA has still got the big none
none
Not one not not too many but none nobody
What's the problem with him?
Don't ask me the fact is that Joe Bell brought him in anything Joe Bell brings in
fails
Why is that maybe the minus touch and reverse maybe
Tony says well, this is the more the same crap. Oh
I I like the guy said I don't have any energy. I'm weakened by the audience
Tony says why are you not unserious?
I'm stuck in this Mickey Mouse town Orlando with nothing but Yahoo's on the radio
I got serious in my new Dodge Nitro and I'm so disappointed you aren't on are you considering the possibility of satellite?
No, they're not considering me and satellites gonna be out of business very soon anyway sometime this year
Or are you just gonna continue to milk terrestrial radio can't blame you if you do now?
What does that mean continue to milk terrestrial radio? Are you milking it?
I'm taking a 50% paid cut
I just made out my first deposit with my new reduced amount and I just like I mean not that I'm starving
I'm still making some pretty damn good bucks, but oh my god
I don't care who it is when somebody reduces your income by 50% that's a real blow if I can use that word
Can I say blow no no low blow?
Can't blame you if you do also if any South Libyan's are considering moving up here to Orlando
Please tell them to see a good shrink really fast
Tony
Now Tony says I'm listening online. Please tell me about this. He's listening online
So what's the problem? What do I need to be on serious for they don't have any money Tony? Don't you understand?
They don't have any money howards got all the money
There's there stock is a
Resounding 14 cents as we speak it was down to 12 cents over the weekend now it's bounced way back up to 14 cents a share
Love you Neil, but need you on serious police is Tony. Well, what is that mean?
Get on there what you want a serious get on there. There you go
They don't want me. I don't want them. How do you that that's the way it works Tony?
I need them like a looking cup is the Chinese month say oh, sorry up
Ron Paulie old Ron and not Paulie be upset. I'm assuming their material Chinese one
Can you believe that he yeah, I can he's just shameless? Okay, let's get back to the Tony cigarette openness
Now you a big Tony cigarette oh fan me yeah, I don't know for many of these people
Big years
No, I know who it is, but see people who are newscasters people who read the news on television
It could be anyone or anybody or nobody it could use to read the sports. They're interchangeable as far as I'm there
Might as well have news reading robots. They're interchangeable people
John John says hi Neil. I'm a long time listener. I've sent you one email since you started the email portion of your show
Well, they're pretty grim and slim today. I'll tell you that I well the holidays are over folks
No more Chanukah and Christmas and and oh, let me tell you about a scam. I asked you about this off the Iran
Tuesday morning
About this January 5th or 6th thing where it's like a certain certain
Net that you celebrate like three kings day it
Translate yeah, so it's another excuse to go out and buy everybody a whole bunch of gifts for the kids
Okay, sure. Yeah three kings my ass. It's a very optional and most of us have opted out of it
It's a very old world old-fashioned like Mexican. I
Guess good excuse to go out and spend money. I guess anyway
John says the reason I'm writing this email to you is to give a lot of credit to Tony Segredo
I just realized that he's retiring. Hey Tony
I
Know you don't think much of him, but I wanted to speak my mind
Anyone who stays in this community for as long as Tony has deserves a lot of credit
I'm not a big fan of his jog and hears
But the man is shown a loyalty to the community and to his family
Oh, what does that mean?
I know you probably think that I know him, but I don't know I don't think you know him
I just think you're like obsessed with his ears. You got to fetish for silly people with big ears
Just as there are people who don't like you they can argue they can't argue the fact of your service and loyalty to the community
I don't have any loyalty to the community. I haven't even lived there for the last seven years most of it
I loyalty to the community. I can't stand south for it
I despise it makes me nauseous my stomach starts churning when I think about having to be there
loyalty and
My service this is a job. This is a just like his is a job
It's a job John. We're not doing a public service. We're not like coming on every day so that we can like
Help make the world a better place. It's a job
I know that a lot of your show is sick, but I think you should acknowledge the fact that Tony is given the majority of his life to this community
But what what does that mean? I don't know
I know he's made a good living, but that's not the point yet. It is the point. That is exact. That's the whole point
I'm a native of South Florida. I'm 47 years old was born and raised in Miami Beach
I think it's a good thing for someone to stay at home and give back to the community when you stay there and I'll stay here
How do you like that John?
Now here comes the best part of this. I'm not telling you how to think. I know that's not possible
But here comes the I underline this sentence can't wait. I just want you to see Tony cigarette over the way I do
Through TV on the TV
Yeah, by turning on the TV and turning on channel six
I don't see him the way you do. I don't envision that. He's a goofy guy. I don't dislike Tony. I mean I know him
He was on my show a hundred years ago him and the Humper
Someone who was damn lucky enough to work where he grew up
Um, well, whatever that means. I love your show. Hope you're not going anywhere
But give credit where it's due. Tony's been around for a long time just like yourself
You're both fixtures in the South Florida community. I hope you give them credit. He deserves all the credit to you Tony
Rechire
Sincerely John
I I just I'm sorry. I don't get it
Yeah, he's been around a long time. He's been a fixture. He's been there
He's a silly goofy guy who used to be the sports nerd and then you know and then he became a newsreader
You can't complain about his credibility because generally speaking he doesn't have any
I don't want to rip Tony at the time he's retiring. That's bad
But that's what you got me to do John
You inspired me to rip him and ask because he's got big ears. I never even thought about his big ears
He's goofy looking looks like he belongs in the circus
I mean you think okay. Oh here's look at this
Neal's depression can be explained readily great
Well, this is a new format
What do you mean by that we can psychoanalyze you for the next five years. Yeah, let's analize old Neil. I'll get to it
Hey
Well
Nothing
It starts with perfect black paint and paint
We're talking to the story for the slam of crime
That no one's gonna actually die, die, die, die, die, die, die
Oh yeah, just as good as I'm before the towers went down
Boy tower was a soggy ground
And for making all that corporate money on our blood
We're even looking too bad now
We're up to two to two bad
We're worth the criminal Round
Back to, do do back to, do do back to do do
Dude dude dude dude
Hey I got our witty, great inspirational idea
Let's start the do-off shop
Alright
Who is that lighting one, one big problem with that
A I don't like do-off
Most of it it sucks
Yeah, sl owns the same
Yeah
Who is the guy that used to do that to do Wapshop?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
No, I don't.
If somebody told us the name, you talked about him all the time, and I would say, yeah, that guy, but I didn't remember it then, and I don't do Wapshop.
And then I think he had a show on Magic once upon a time on the weekend, and then the Schmidt-Cand is asked.
Of course, in this business, if you're around long enough, sooner or later, most people will get their Ash-Mid-Cand.
I never had my Ash-Mid-Cand in this market.
I'll tell you that I've been here a long time.
March 1st is 33 years.
Our big anniversary show.
Anybody care?
No.
Any interest?
No.
Let's get a whole bunch of emails about Tony Cigaretteau.
Okay?
You like him?
You hate him?
You don't give a crap?
You got big ears?
Is he a goofy silly guy?
He's a silly guy.
He's a silly guy.
You know what I don't know.
You know what I mean by silly?
I do.
It's hard to take silly people seriously.
Doesn't mean I dislike him.
I don't dislike him.
He's okay.
He never saw a freight train.
It's not like when he comes on the air, and I'm if I'm down there.
And by the way, who are these?
Every time I come down here, there's a whole bunch of new Barbie doll heads on the air.
Doing the news.
Who are these people?
I don't know.
Jason says, like Tony Cigaretteau, I grew up in South Florida and still live and work here.
The difference is that I'm trying to get the F out.
Love your show.
Take care.
Good luck to you, Jason.
Thanks for your refreshing honesty, as opposed to, oh, you're just sour, Neil.
You're just random.
And by the way, don't wait for any phone calls today.
George tells me his calls yesterday were sensational.
Sensational.
That's because you get the world on fire.
That's right.
You get all the intellectuals.
I get.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Hi, Ron.
Hi, Ron.
Maybe it's your energy level, you know.
Yeah, maybe if I get my energy.
Well, here you go.
Well, you must be psychic.
Here's this email.
Neil's depression can be explained easily.
This is from a Kimby Mambogani.
Wow.
Wow.
What?
It's not a bank of Nigeria solicitation.
No.
I had a whole bunch of those this morning.
I don't get any real emails anymore from.
I don't even get the fake, uh, this one or fake that one anymore.
I just get those ones you're talking about.
Oh, I mean, log goes to Nigeria and I've got $80 trillion.
And you can have it if you just send me your shoes, eyes, no, that.
I get, oh, how, how is that possible?
So much of that's going on.
Must be a lot of really stupid people.
Yes.
Anyway, here's one that says, heard someone in the email saying that Neil is low energy this week.
The explanation for this is simple.
You know, I'm sitting here.
I sound like I always do to me.
I mean, I don't know.
Do I sound different than I usually do?
Nope.
I sure it's all sound a lot better than I did on Tuesday when I was choking in that last hour.
I never thought I'd make it through.
All that post nasal drip, man.
And you're trying to talk and it's dripping down in your throat.
Yeah, like that.
Coffee spell.
I didn't think you were going to come back from that one.
That's what I'm saying.
So I'm sure you weren't shocked when I texted you yesterday morning said, please do the show.
I'm sick of so.
And by the way, I will tell you this.
It ties right in with this email.
Because you don't need to talk to the machines.
So yesterday it was snowing and.
It was slushing.
You know what?
It's like a combination of snow and rain.
It was slushing.
So I called my lesbian.
He's cabbie in at nine o'clock.
We got a quarter nine.
We headed off to woodbine.
And there was nobody there.
Nobody.
And I won 1,200 bucks.
How do you like that?
Very good.
Isn't that good?
So that goes to show you that this.
Anyway, it says the explanation for his low energy is simple.
Neil is a gambler.
Oh, yeah.
And his major win a few weeks ago,
because I'm experienced gamblers high.
What major win was that?
I don't recall that one.
Now he's going through the low.
This is normal and nothing to worry about.
When he'll hit the jackpot, I want jackpot is that.
I don't know.
Do you remember me hitting a big jackpot?
No, I don't.
His brain released massive amounts of serotonin and endorphins causing the chemicals to be depleted.
If my calculations are right, he should be back to normal in about 1.3 weeks.
Good luck, Neil.
Eat a lot of ice cream.
I recommend double fudge brownie by E.D.s to all my patients.
Thank you and God bless.
Oh, it's from Reds Kelten.
God bless.
Very nice.
I don't like E.D.s.
And especially I don't like fudge anything or brownie.
I do like fudge.
I don't like brownie ice cream.
You're like even Ben and Jerry's with chunks of brownies in it.
I mean, if you want to eat brownies, go ahead and eat brownies.
I like brownies.
But not an ice cream.
Right?
Right.
It's like grapes.
I like grapes, but I don't like grapes in ice cream.
It's like halava.
I do like halava, but not an ice cream.
I was speaking to that, liking halava.
Here's this email that came in at 10.08 yesterday morning.
Subject, prideful Jewish man, with, with, I'm sure, a fake name, Jack, with fake last name.
Mm-hmm.
What?
Fake.
I'm agreeing with you.
I'm 43 years old and proud to be Jewish.
My heritage is full of great accomplishments and great people.
Why you have chosen to defend the Palestinians and bash Israel for their actions is beyond me.
When did I defend the Palestinians?
Except the ones who are starving and getting putrid.
You see how you are?
You know very well how many Jews, here, I want you to listen to this very carefully.
You know very well how many Jews have died at the hands of Egyptians, Romans, Christians, Germans, at all.
The scales of justice haven't come into balance yet.
The scales of justice.
Less than 100 civilians does not mean Israel's committing war crimes against the Palestinians.
Now it's like over, what is it?
Almost 800 dead and 3000 injured?
The outrage is completely disproportionate to the actual harm alleged to be portrayed against these people.
Right, alleged harm.
Like the people who are allegedly dead.
Your parents and your grandparents are ashamed to have raised you in the Jewish tradition.
My parents and my grandparents aren't ashamed of anything because they're all dead.
They're dead.
Unfortunately you are not ashamed of your words which is a disgrace.
No, I am not.
A shame.
Learn to be a Jew again and defend the people being pelted by rocks and kept up at night by blurring sirens.
Support the actions by Israel.
If you don't, I will be forced to alert some of my fellow activists to protest outside your station and make life for the people they're quite unbearable.
Israel is in the right and Israel is in the right and you have to swallow your pride and admit it.
It's sincerely Jack Foney name.
And I emailed him back which I rarely do.
I said hold your breath.
Never got a response to that one though.
Probably because it's a fake maybe he's still holding his breath.
Yeah, keep holding it Jack.
Hold it tight.
You'll do what I tell you to do and you'll see what this is the essence of what most of the emails have become.
It didn't take long.
The birthday and the election.
That was the right at the same time within two days span.
November 4 and 5 and I had dozens, maybe hundreds of emails and happy birthday and congratulations to us in Obama won.
And you were right in the beginning and you and all this other stuff.
That was it.
That was pretty much the end of that.
Oh, Stu Goldstein.
Thanks, fake Larry.
Fake Larry is obsessed wasn't the on WBCG.
I don't know and I don't care.
Fake Larry who is probably Mr. Radio.
Do Bob.
Stu Goldstein.
No, here's one from a mic but you're wrong.
Mike Glad to hear your feeling better today.
George was great as usual in your absence.
Also Ken Held is the new off DJ you're thinking of take care of Mike.
Now Ken Held I remember what he had.
No, it doesn't sound right.
He played short stuff for the Indians.
He was cute.
Remember what he held?
No.
Oh, but Ken Held I never heard of.
Neither.
And he was not the new off guy.
I was to Goldstein.
Mike just might just forgot him because you know Goldstein Goldstein Jewish.
I say.
Oh, and by the way, Diane Feinstein.
It's not Feinstein who has been lately saying these news readers on TV on CNN.
Feinstein.
I don't know anybody who pronounces that name Feinstein.
Feinstein.
Remember the conversation we had about this few weeks ago?
We did Goldstein and Goldstein.
Well, there are Goldsteens and Goldsteens but there are no Feinsteens.
I don't think there might be.
Alex Dean.
They finally dumped his ass.
By the way, how about those leaps in the Panthers?
Yeah, then I told you the leaf sucked.
The make believes.
Stu Goldstein.
You don't remember that name?
Nope.
You like this?
Paul says.
I love the show every day and usually tune out if I hear George's voice.
I decided to stomach the show yesterday and really enjoyed it.
Wow.
I honestly don't know why I never liked hearing George before but after yesterday I realized that George is a true radio talent.
Thanks for the entertainment, sis Paul.
I'm waiting for this tour rent of tribute to come in to Tony's cigarette.
He's retiring tomorrow's his last news show on Channel 6.
Are you going to hold your breath?
What?
Well, that's what that John guy said.
You know, pay your respects to Tony's cigarette.
I'm giving people a chance he's been on the air in a market for a hundred years.
Say something nice for crying out loud instead of just giving me and George instructions on life.
Oh, you sound very depressed in them.
Yeah.
And even your emails don't give me the rest.
How do you like that?
To show you what a what a survivor I am.
And by the way, jolly, Joe, I did show up again today.
How do you like that?
You fad ass.
This is the neo-Rodger show.
You-you-you-you-you-you-you failed.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Do you see the size of my zucchini?
Do you think they are away?
Hey, you're like children here!
I used to do the girls
Me and my wives and I'd lay the wood
Without a warning my de-hankle
Need to see that I used to go
Why the wonder-boner is here?
At least I could use my penis as a polka stick
It feels like it's just a piece of meat hanging down
I used to glue with twides
I used to sleep here in my girlfriend's eyes
It used to be my proudest name
How my old thing was lit, long as in me
I'll get it again for me
It was tall but hard quickly
Then I just felt it that my callous tones
Did not help it all my poor little friend
I hear fire and repeal so working
Don't don't see all this work
Keep me jerky
Feel my fear that my song will yield
A cap of the lily is a club
So no one, call the reason I've got no game
So that's doing was better
Better when I do work
That was when I do the good work
It sort of looks like a smirk penis
I told you you need to double toast to my hanger to get wood
1202 and 560 WDQM, but that was sure a push
It wasn't a little bit
I was pushing the old envelope
Well, scroll you joy-sploat out your ugly ass
You retard
Finklery King says I'll excuse the insult
I'm not the chronic Mr. Radio
Mr. Radio has disappeared
So the year is off to a really good start
A self-proclaimed oldies freak
Stu Goldstein hosted a 50s talk in music show
From 1984 to 1999 on several soft photos stations including WIOD, WKAT and WAZY
What is that?
Did you ever hear of WAZY?
No
I remember WAZXY, which we still got
Although it's on A.M. now and used to be on FM
He also co-authored the book Oldies but Goodies, The Rock and Roll Years
Woo!
And remember he was trying to use this show as a kind of a word for his displeasure when he got candid magic
Remember that?
Sending faxes in and ripping Bob Hamilton and asked
Well, Bob Hamilton has gone the only problem as so as Stu Goldstein
What's with all the Tony Cigarette Ola emails?
The man's been on the air in this market for 600 years
And that John Guy wants us to pay tribute to Tony Cigarette Ola
And you people, nothing!
God, you are heartless bastards or maybe just don't like him
Or we don't care
Or we don't care
Or we don't care about what?
About who reads the news?
You know, you are shameful
Well, I guess it was on several times during the holidays
On NBC, filling in for Brian Williams, Lester Holt
Okay
He is a thousand times better newsreader and just better on the year than Lester than Brian Williams
You don't agree?
I don't care about newsreaders
Why not?
I will be a robot
They are all the same to me
So you are saying that like Elliot Rodriguez in Channel 4
Look, let's take a pretty punum
I don't even take notice
Is the same as Jennifer Slapy-Valapy?
Might as well be
Is that what you are saying?
Might as well be
I see
Well, maybe Elliot Rodriguez is Slapy, who knows?
Probably
Here is one that says you were well enough for Woodbine yesterday but not to do the show
Hookie
Uh-huh
Yeah, what's the succession of Hookie?
I got news for you, I don't need to talk to go to Woodbine
As long as I'm breathing, I'm well enough to go to the casino
When I was down there I went to Hard Rock 4 times in the Pompey-No Couple nights
To go on to Gulfstream they would have hooked me up with a really good machine but too far
Oh and speaking of that we got the things starting tomorrow now
Are we talking about that now or what?
We can, yes
Because this is going to be a trial run anyway
What do you mean by that?
Practice, practice makes perfect
We've got a pick the ponies promotion with Gulfstream Park starting tomorrow
Well, not really starting tomorrow
It's like a dry run
Right
Listers will go to wqm.com, register on a contest page
We'll pick a contestant every Friday, now how are we going to do that?
However we want
Well, I mean how do you pick one?
I assume that there's a form there if you can register online that there's a list of form
And then we can draw names out of the hat or pick somebody randomly or through a dart at a board or something
Yeah, think about that, Flee, think about how this is going to work
Uh-whatever, whichever contestant we pick gets a $50 win voucher
And then I'll pick a winner for the second race at Gulfstream that day on Friday
And then we'll have the call of the race on a year and if the horse I pick wins
The contestant gets the winnings, $50 to win on that horse, correct
And Steve Sloan's emailing me the Friday Racing Formula Rethers Day afternoon
And I'll have to sit there and pour over the form and pick and hand me a lot of pressure on me
I'll say to that
Right, so you can just use the same dart on the thing, you know
Pick a horse the same way we're going to pick a contestant
Do you know how absolutely wonderful it is to walk in any casino where there are slot machines
And there's almost nobody there and you can play any machine in the whole place
Wow
And then you can find a good machine man, which I did
And Reake says it would be great if you guys could turn the archives into a podcast
We, they are in Reake
That way listeners could subscribe and automatically get the latest news
Ah, autumn, oh my god
Right click, save target as and there it is, subscribe my ass
No
Click it, it's there, click it, you got it
And you don't only require setting up an RSS feed with links to the audio files
Very easy would be a great boost for your shows and Reake
It's called taking something very simple and making it movie complicato
Am I right?
Yes
What are you getting all bent out of shape about?
Because he's because you know Eric does give me all the press again
I don't have to go off to live by
Oh geez, there goes your energy level
Get my endorphins all whipped up
Because Eric doesn't have to do that make those archives available the way that he does
I'll nice and organize the way that they are
Oh here's Mr. Radio
Mr. Radio
And he sends me a picture
I'm still around you old Koot Stugoldstein was known as the Keeper of the Keys
That's right
And here's a picture from an old IOD remote with a big IOD banner and back
Let me see if I recognize the people
I don't recognize anybody unless the less that Stugoldstein there
The Keeper of the Keys remember that?
Nope
The Keeper of the Keys to he was like from the same era as Eddie Kay and Kaplan
And they both got screwed over see if you're in this business eventually you get screwed big time
Like eventually you wind up working for Joe Bill
Who's a heartless rotten fat ass bastard
I mean that's not just for on the air I mean that's just reality
That's not stick
Of course they never believe anything we see anyway
Oh you guys must make all this stuff up like the thing with Moe you know
How could you make him up?
Right
How could anybody even with the most living and vivid imagination like I've got
Make up a Moe Howard David it did did did did do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
Fake great Jackass as if you remember Tony cigarette who used to be on Miami Hurricanes radio broadcast
Was sunny Hersh on the once great W I O D on the once great
Well a lot of things used to be great like this station used to be great and then they'd say brought in jolly Joe
That thing with Greg Reed man. I hope that it was something really serious
You know what I mean
Well in other words when they blew him out and forced him into like other endeavors
Which they never say they fire anybody you know it's always well he's moving on to other
I he's gonna be a consultant you know
When they did that that was the kiss of death and they brought in this goofball
I mean nobody's perfect but every single thing he's done since he's arrived on the scene I don't want to get started on him again why did you do that to me?
That's how I am the bastard.
Nothing about Tony cigarette from any of you people out there we got at least 50 60 people listening and nobody has got anything nice or even nasty to say about Tony cigarette who was retiring tomorrow after 600 years on the year doing stupid sports crap and reading the news on channel six
Which used to be on channel four
In fact it seems to me that Tony used to be the sports nerd when Ralph redneck was still doing the news on the old channel four and WTVJ
Which what back and then was channel four on Bob Weaver was around
And Ralph redneck
And who else was that and Jim rosemary I think was on that thing?
Or was Jim brought yeah he was on there and then he was on channel 10 I believe
But anyway Tony was the silly sports nerd on there when Ralph redneck was still alive doing the good night made the good news be orange
Oh
He was a um
I don't know is there word to describe Ralph redneck?
No not drunk I don't want to say that
Her lot of stories about his drinking air sports though
Yeah, I'm looking I'm still looking now I keep checking the outlooker's face you should hold your breath yeah
I don't know what that picture is supposed to be mr. Radio and of course he don't bother come back and tell me who it is or what it's all about
179 votes on the survey other than Neil which WQM showed you listen to the most I only listen to Neil 89
49.7 percent under 50 percent
Jim man which 50 Joe rose 17. I don't listen to WQM at all 13
The big O6 Damon and Mandelara's got a pair finally he must have voted twice
ESPN Radio one and Dolphin's hotlines got one wow
Somebody in the organization must have voted you think must be
All of this Tony the phony wouldn't you know it would be all these people to read the news like they had an original thought in their own
Our bunch of phonies all you have to do is show up and know how to read says Gus
Well, that's what George says just news readers anybody who can read a teleprompter what difference does it make?
It's like like there are performers like they're editing the news like they're
Comfortable with them. Okay. It's like why didn't people watch water?
Crank I don't know you tell me because he was like a grandpa, you know, he was comfortable
He was like an old shoe. It could have been anyone a comfortable old hat could have been anyone
But it was not as long as they can put one word after the other without fumbling and bumbling to
Would have been a fine without fume thing they can they can fumble a little bit like my good friend Marty Adler at the Windsor raceway the fume fear
Is that his name? You pay a pay a pay a pamphlet called it on a show a year ago
Where when we were when I was down there Marty Adler don't remember that
Neither does anybody else
Hey Marty
The best time I keep on his clear right Marty
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
All right goodbye W. Bush got got to say it just my martial touch
Thanks for leaving us the legacy of your economy
The biggest bank heist in our history
The blood will wash off of your hands
Complicit story retard 3000 dead by your income for two
Thousands more for your whimsical designer
We should build a grip that wishes to win here allowing you to stay for eight years
If we had graves
We would have ousted you and your neocon friends
Absolutely
With justice is served after you pass away like Larry Craig will tap dance on you
Yeah
1118 at 560 WQ and there's your new president the result has been a devastating loss of trust
And confidence in our economy our financial markets and our government
In other words I'm dying on the hands
Almost 200 tallies on our survey there. It's not too bad, huh
Right
You'll take anything you don't care. That's a way different that's right in different not about everything
No
Like you said paid in lead that's it other than that screw it it's a perfluous
Just Bob says the guy who wants Eric to make the archives into a podcast is a tard
I don't think it was that time
Yeah when you're right in a turd
Ha ha
Play everything is right there do it yourself schmuck
If you can't handle that you're too stupid to live but perfect for South Florida
Here's my tribute to Tony cigaretteo. It says he's no Joseph Gackie, but whatever
What
What what a great email that was good. It is a good email. That's why I read it
I mean them all pretty much
Except the ones from the really they're not always fine
I beg your pardon they're not always funny. No, they're not
That was probably for me not always there either
I think generally speaking. I'm not going to keep begging and pleading because generally speaking
The other audience doesn't give a flying crap about Tony cigaretteo. They don't hate him
They don't love him. They just he was just there. You know, he's okay. Maybe it's an old primer thing
I don't know he's a what maybe it's an old timer thing to care about newscasters. I don't know. I don't know anyone who does
Mr. Radio says are you talking about Ken held?
What
What does that mean? Can you translate that to me? Somebody said Ken held was the do-op shop guy and I said no
It was a stew goldstein
Well, now we've got a battle between the fake Larry King and the fake Mr. Ray and the real Mr. Radio
God. Oh, here we go
Don I wonder if former WTVJ staff member CBS's Katie Kourk Fox sports as Chris Myers NBC's David Bloom rest in peace and lyric
King and Rick Stance has a CNN will be sending Tony cigarette or congratulations on his retirement tomorrow
I wonder if any of those folks got their salary cut in half this year. Neal says Don in La Belle Florida
I don't think David Bloom is going to be sending him anything because David's been dead for a long time
Remember he got the what is it pulmonary embolism in Iraq
Okay, you don't remember David Bloom put it was that's right. He died
He died
From sitting in the tank to lie he said tank tanks a lot and sitting there a mobile and all of a sudden they're you know
So why is that I don't understand this do you understand this thing? I wonder if any of those folks got their salary cut in half this year
Neal I don't know you're not real happy about it. I'll tell you that
Oh, here we go. You need to shut up already God put George on already
Yes stuff to say when he talks about a topic he presents facts and important points to back his opinion
He does doesn't rip into whoever or whatever
He presents an argument you suck you just bitch and moan and complain don't make your listeners any smarter
Bapapah, it's all the same Schmidt with you
This station this station jolly joe bell jolly joe joe joe blah blah blah garbage. I'm tired of it
Give me something to listen to you're not the same crap all the time stop mailing it in my god
Just entertain me for Christ's dance monkey dance
George do something get your own show. Please. Oh, boy. Thanks mom. Yeah
Do something. Oh boy. That's the fakes email you've ever read
Yeah, how long did take you to write it? Oh
God Mary oh says
Happy new year Neal and George so we both get a little a little something a little tickle
Other than my friends other than my favorite uncle making more money and expanding his audience and appeal
The only other reason I wanted you to be on satellite would be to hear you anywhere. I may be
Oh
Will you people stop with this satellite crap already my god. It's just it's just ridiculous
Sure, I can listen online. But if I'm someplace where I don't have access to a computer
I would have to go without my fix of Neal
That's unacceptable in my opinion. Well, I asked the last guy who wrote about George
Who needs serious my brother turned me on the website radiotime.com that you can access from your phone and tune in pretty much any station in the country
You log on to the website
Input the zip code and all the stations have belonging to the market appear. This is great when traveling
This is how I listen to your show on them in my car since my cars AM signal is crap
And so is the station's AM signal crap
For example, I went to lunch at pizza. Oh yesterday. They were blurring the coast
I pulled out my phone start listening to George blasting Scientology was beautiful
I have a windows mobile phone and an unlimited data plan so I don't have any funky charges on my bill right
I'm really not sure how this would be on a regular cell phone
But no one has a regular cell phone since before Jesus was a baby correct
I just wanted to pass this along this useful info because it's a convenient way to listen to the best show and radio from anywhere
All you need is a cell phone with her in that access and that qualifies a lot of people
Sorry if someone's already brought this up. No, they did not
George did a great job and you asked yesterday as usual keep up the great work
How about some Mickey bits today no chance your goy-am friend Mirio
You're going for a day Mickey bit block last Friday. Oh did you well? That's enough
I'll always never keep the bastards happy for a long time you think even I'm getting real tired
Hi, you're hi, you know, I mean, you know, they were funny the first four on thousand times, but thanks Mario
The problems with the emails and not taking phone calls is that you don't get the sarcasm says Michael
I have sent two previous emails
dripping in sarcasm, but you took them seriously please take some calls no chance
Please take some calls not even pretty pleased am I taking any calls
How do you like that please take some calls I didn't understand the sarcasm
Yeah, I'm stupid
Well, we knew that
Here's one from the fake Larry again. I got one over on the maven mr. radio. I totally was through goldstein
A
Self proclaiming he already wrote this before about that I already read it and he wrote it
About stu-goldstein nobody cares mr. radio or our Larry whichever one you are whichever goofball you are
Uh say hurt we got the the show is so bad when I'm on and that's just the same old crap and then we get the the
Sothega who's just got to have his fixed no matter where he is
It's a radio show okay. It's a radio freaking show. It's not my life. It's name. It's your life and all you can say is I have no life oh my god
These people that are like
tragic
tragic one or two point seven how's Ricky Shah doing? I don't think he ever answered my my my space nobody nobody
I don't know yeah, yeah, I don't think he checks that no
Any of this anybody else I guess I guess anybody that's in the end of those
Interactive websites now it's on Facebook
Right yeah and my space is history. I mean I get a few every I have usually when I get his people wanting me to like good
Doing mobsters ink or some of the stupid crap like then I just delete those
Go away with your mobsters ink and all your other silly games. Okay games are for children
Yeah, oh here's the fake Larry again. I've been listening to Bubba since Monday
Once you get over the Yahoo ambiance. It's actually not bad
He mentioned your name again today saying every market as a guy who's been around a hundred years like Neil Rogers in Miami
He did a great bit today a clear channels expense has produced song parodies are good too. I'm glad you're enjoying it Larry
Get a life I have no life good God
Speaks in longwood who can't make up his mind whether he wants to be like you know
Contribute something positive or just be a chronic my team's better New York team one of those guys. I hate those guys
Speaks in longwood says I sure you're discussed with the people of South Florida's I moved away years ago and have been happy ever since
But was there ever a time you enjoyed South Florida thought it was a great place to live glad you're feeling better. It says Dan. Well, thanks Dan
Yeah, there was a time when I first came there 76
You know all that cruising in the 70s and 80s that think I want to hear about all the cruising
Yeah, all the hot gay sex gay like that
Yeah, once upon a time it was a pretty enjoyable place
I would say the really turning point was the Maryl boat lift. What was that 1980? Yes
1980 and after that it was just never the same again. Oh
You're now you're picking on the Cubans again. It's got nothing to do with the Cubans well does, but I mean
You know what I'm saying no
No, Maryl Boliv that was the turning point for South Florida. It's never and never recovered
And then of course all the Jews started fleeing from the South Beach all the old Jews moved to Voka and then all the
Every everything to every neighborhood changed North Miami Beach
North Miami am I right?
How should I know changing neighborhood? That's right because you're
Right you're in Hollywood
But you sure don't know your Tony Sugretto mr. I'll tell you I have
Living
Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey standby for news
Fail is a farmer who had three very beautiful daughters that were getting ready to go out on dates
The first boy came to the door and said I'm Eddie. I'm here to pick up Betty. We're going for spaghetti. Is she ready?
No
said Phil
The second boy came to the door and said I'm Joe. I'm here to pick up flow to take her to the show. Is she ready to go?
No
said Phil
The third came to the door and said to the farmer. Hello. My name is Chuck. So Phil shot him now page two
Two ducks go on a honeymoon. I'll say it again two ducks
Go on their honeymoon and stay in a beautiful hotel
As they're about to make love the male duck says oh well
Shucks we haven't got any condoms. I'll ring down the room service. So he calls and asks
For condoms you can see it coming can't you the woman says all right sir
Would you like me to put them on your bill? A no says the duck. I'll suffocate Paul Harvey
It could they love a thirty two at five sixty W. A. M. So anyway getting back to your favorite Scientologists
Yes, there's a website called Hollywood interrupted
Okay
And then there's an update on this since the kid died, but this is an older article
Hollywood interrupted reports they had an interview with a Florida man named Tim Kenny
Who lives and works in John Travolta's neighborhood and has intimate knowledge of the goings on behind the gates of the Travolta airport home
Kenny is concerned that Scientologists John Travolta and Kelly Pearson are ignoring their son Jets report a case of autism
So much the child protective services should be encouraged to get involved. I guess it's a little late now, huh? Yep
I don't think it's a stretch to call the treatment of jet child abuse
So california restaurant manager Tim Kenny tells Hollywood interrupted
Kenny claims he met Travolta at his restaurant in February and after comping the movie star in his daughter
Amel for restaurant policy for celebrities he asked him is one autistic child's father to another if he was doing anything special in terms of therapy for Jets
A guest Travolta responded well. We involve him in the arts
Then he offered to send Kenny a book and high-tailed it out of the restaurant
If I ever received a Scientology book from Travolta I'd find him and throw it back at him says Kenny
Scientology is keeping him from acknowledging his son's autism. They see it as a weakness
That's what the space aliens are telling him I guess
Repeated requests for John and Kelly to take part in a local charity event connected to watch his advocacy were
ignored
Furthermore, Hollywood interrupted reports the Kenny's also claimed that Kelly and John led jet sit in front of video games all day eating junk food
While they eat the best organic food that money can buy they exclude jet from all social events because they're embarrassed
Once reports Kenny when Kelly took him to the movies that started to have a meltdown a Kelly pointed at the nanny and ordered
Take care of it. I wonder if that was the mail nanny
John's boyfriend
No comment jet does not speak at all confirms Kenny
He's not even been taught how to communicate we struggle every week to pay for our daughter's therapy
How dare Travolta ruin his own son's chances of recovering we want to get the word out on this too late
Have you liked that right problems all yeah
Good old Scientologists baby, but don't be knocking and they'll come knocking on your door
Your leg don't think a big dump on your doorstep. You'll see
They're rotten bastards. Mm-hmm. They like revenge a lot
225 votes the tallies on the survey
Oh, look at this the fake Greg Budell
Sirius was willing to offer you the option of rebroadcasting your existing WQM show plus a one day a week
Sirius only show in the sixth figure range. Why didn't norm entertain the offers?
I'll tell you why Greg because there weren't any that's why he didn't entertain the offers because there weren't any
There weren't any then there aren't any now
But I'm delighted to have you back with your fake emails
They were willing to offer me the option of rebroadcasting their existing show. This is all in in
These are lands somewhere. Mm-hmm. And never never land as it never never going to happen
That's correct as it never never did and was or what was not. Oh, you blew it. Why didn't norm entertain the offers?
Let me say it again very simple because there weren't any
Did you do this this one guy buys for it? He means well and he keeps sending me all I've already got that article in my pile just relax
See I'm not really all that interested for the most part and people sending me articles unless it's something really spectacular
I'm interested in having people say something oh
Oh, I know yeah say something of their own not that somebody else said or that some article said for some cartoon that the audience can't see no
Dreaming the idea putting the emails on there was for somebody to actually say something
Which I would then pass along to the world and use on the air if they can't get it together to say something on the phone
How are they gonna do well, but it's a lot easier to sit and write something
As opposed to express it verbally. I mean they can't even write I'm your friend. They can't even write that out. Nope
Well, why not difficult
I
Branden says I don't care about whether Tony leaves channel six but the sale of wtv j most likely got him scared and instead of being fired he just decided to step down
Maybe now he regrets seeing that the sale fell through and looks like the NBC will keep wtv j after all
Too much time to think Brandon too much time to think up to conjure up all these I mean who really cares
Obviously not too many people in this audience
Tony cigarette has been on the air for a thousand years now nothing to disable or even bad
nothing
shameful don't you think it's shameful
Whatever
Oh, and here's one that says an end predictable and how many times have you been in date county other than the airport in the past decade
Well a whole lot of times because the stations in date county
Since 1999 have you been in date at all of course you'll answer you can you can
Which is avoiding the point well? Well, well, what is the point? This starts out by saying and
As if there's something you like like predicating that that is left out
In addition to which who that wants to be in date county anyway
Not me no or me
Who that wants to be in date county and why and why do I have to be in date county? What does that got to do with anything
If you're like I said before if you like it there great
I'm not gonna sit here and try to convince you that it's this or that or whatever if you like it wherever you are
If you're in punks of tawny and you're having a great life good
I'm happy for you
I'm not one of those misrelives company kind of people like so many of the people in south Florida and here
I'm doing just fine the sun is shining most of the snow is gone and the life life is sweet
So they come over the flu the cold whatever the hell was 99% over it
But all these
Nasty sarcastic sour and when was the last time you were in date county? What do you know about yaddy?
I'm yaddy and it's people like them who make me so delighted that I'm long gone far away
I was in brown County last week all week
Mm-hmm was a good afternoon. What was a good for you? It was okay. I looked around. I saw a lot of old
grizzly people
The median age was still death plus 10 all you're wrong Neil the demographics are coming way down all the young people are coming down here
Yeah, all the people under 90
People between 75 and 90 are moving to south Florida
236 tallies on the pool other than Neil which QM showed he listened to the most I only listened to Neil 122
51.6 percent Jim Manward 64 Joe Rose only 24
I
Don't listen to wq M and all 15. Well screw you get off our pool
The big O6 the DA3 ESPN radio went and Dolphin hotline still got Solomon Te Uno
One prize on the best
I'm a year's I'll show you mine
Next on C span Nick Cheney's last official act as vice president the final dump
recalled by the vice president's chief of staff David Addie
Walking past his office. I get here the grunts
I felt I should ask you mr. Vice President. Are you all right?
With his heart condition I was concerned about a whining up like Elvis
Sounded like he was passing one of the many children he's devoured
Oh
I guess there's no harm in saying now that Dick Cheney's diet is of a
Cannibalistic nature much like Cannibal Ector only would have preference for young children
The vice president, um, please turn on the fan
Continuing coverage of Dick Cheney's final dump will continue after this
The George W. Bush Portupati library
Well, we got problems baby
We do yeah signal problems oh
Now if I had just one or two but now I'm starting to get a whole bunch of emails
Surely who's a regular emailer says you're sure what's going in and out like a bad cell phone signal
And Brandon who obviously we can trust yes says you're off your off the air. I don't know for about five minutes
And the Cuban music is very strong
Nick says the signal sucks today you're cutting out for minutes at a time hmm
Rudy says the radio signal keeps fading for the last 10 minutes
Can anybody hear us? Well, there's just a practice day anyway, right?
Maybe they're doing transmit or maintenance right now or maybe we're running about a few wants
He wants
How do you like that?
I mean, I've been doing this a long long time you know, I know that I'm old and boring and ponderous and yada yada yada
Also the crap of the fact that a matter is this that when people can't even hear the radio station
It's not usually a real real good career booster
You follow what I'm saying yep, it sucks it blows
Here's one that says um, oh, this is the guy that was ripping me about ripping Dave County
Of course, I never said anything about Dave County. Did I
Talking about taking it personally. No, I was talking about South Florida. I went and began to go in the toilet
That's what I was talking about
But anyway, this guy who was giving me crap for that says you were off the air and cutting it out between 1136 and 1140
So I couldn't hear your rant in response to my email ripping you for your unreasonably outdated stubborn view of Dave County
Let me say it again if you like Dave County stay there
That's what I said and of course, I don't know if we're like back on or not do we have any idea any inkling no
Anybody in the building with any spy reports about like like that
And they're also in a crystal go look oh wait. Oh Chris ain't there. That's right
Just us just me and George
And of course the rest of the buildings probably listen to the kiss they're probably kissing it
Oh speaking bad listening to the ticket if they work on this station. Oh, that's right ticket
Take a their their monitor in during this show. Yeah, that's what they call it
Um
Somebody sent this to me last night
Don't forget January the 8th, which is today is the king's birthday. Elvis is hillbilly royalty
Says this goofball do we care? No, are we playing Elvis? No, I could
Sound real good through that human interference
Elvis does La Cucaracha
Right yep
We got some real real technical problems going on didn't engineer come
Stick their head in the door and say anything. No
Because if they do stick their head in the door shut it real fast. Okay. How about our good friend flea
He's usually like uh aware whether we're on the urn
No one has come in here
George from Montreal says my wife and I are on holiday in it's it's tapah. How do you say that? I don't know
The Mexican thing ixtap a glass somebody
We listen to daily via the archives. It's just great. It breaks my heart here
You suffers so much because of the a holes that are destroying the radio industry. It breaks your heart. You're just relax
Work my heart to write that the bank deposit out yesterday. Oh my god. Just tour my guts out
As a young punk I stayed up all night with my am 10 transistor was able to pick up tons of stations all over the continent
It was great now. It's all the same syndicated Schmidt that's right
You're the best thing that ever happened to radio. It's ashamed that more people haven't heard you so sad
We're all screwed says George from Montreal not a frog you say
We're all screwed
Well, what does that mean? I don't know. I don't know if your if your life is about radio. You're all screwed. I guess
If your life is about radio than really what you're trying to say is I have no life right
But thanks anyway, George have a good time in that the mexican dump wherever that is it's top-off
I never heard of that no
Oh, here's one from the fake Larry King I'm listening in plantation acres and the Cuban music is cranking in the background tell George to turn it down
Turn it down George anybody that knows me knows I don't like Cuban turned down that cia Cruz man
In fact, you know something yeah, I think I just got a good inspiration
Is that a great that you got you know where it is
You're night on biographies with mr. mayonnaise. Hello. I'm Harry Smith. Mr. mayonnaise
So anyway, we just played that in the background all time and the audience will feel like right at home
They'll know what's stationed around anyway sure Ray one of our regular
Emailer says your signal which is marginal at best late afternoon and evening has been fading in an out the last 15 minutes
At one point I had to see if my radio was working since Ray how do you like that? We're gonna a whole bunch of emails from people
So it's not like one or two just making enough to get us aggravated. It's like a whole bunch of real people out there
Fading in and out when in doubt faded in and out
Maybe we'll play Elvis music today. What do you think if you want to spin some wax?
I'm starting to you wax you build up in my
I'm going I don't I don't recommend it
You don't recommend what playing all this music. Would you think you could make a difference?
Well play something good if you're gonna play music like what anything else? REM sure
262 tallies on the survey
If anybody can hear us out there, let us know kneel at neo-roger's.com
And look at this idiot. He Lee by ye, you know, and they believe in group. I just check that every now and then to see
If it's the same idiots and then I'd delete them the second time even though you don't like that
It's not it's not for me. It's your convenience that cheerily. I don't want it
I don't want to have 75,000 emails lined up in at the view. Okay, okay deleted ones
I'd like to have 75,000 current ones in there, but at the moment I got this one
Yep, it was definitely cutting out my want to let management know that it was even cutting out during the big old promo that played
They might actually do something about it then no, they won't do anything about it period. Okay. Oh
As if they care they're they're having in meetings. Don't you understand they're having important meetings
I don't know how many times you have to be laughed at before you get tired of it
Yeah, so you get tired of being the walking joke right
And and that's why I'm not gonna bring anything up to anybody
As you start on again you're starting it again. Not me everywhere. We've been you've always started
up and now he's all that George starting trouble again. That's not true
That's what Mike Disney said. Yeah, that's not true. That's what Bob Green said. That's not true. That's what Greg Reed said
And that's definitely what Johnny Joe fat ass bell says. He's my good buddy. Is he really? I can give you that car. I don't know
Oh, why not
Why don't I know because nobody talks to me
What about flea? He's not a salesperson. He's not on the sale
But if he involved in some of those meetings
He's involved in some of them. I don't think he's involved in those seminars that they have every five minutes over there
Seminars sales seminars. I want to help a job on issue. I'll tell you that man
Remember what I said last year at one point I don't remember when it was
But I said that if the sales it's the sale situation regarding the show continue the same
And basically what they're doing is they're stealing all my avails. I have 16 evils every day and they're stealing them all
Which is a lot easier than selling you know me
Oh, that's a pain in the ass you
You know stuff has radio with pain in the ass crap. I wouldn't want to deal with you
You're right
Well, I asked if anybody can hear us to send us an email and we don't have any
Can you hear us?
How is our signal? You know for all we know I could be talking to myself
What don't you think somebody engineering ought to be coming in that stuff actually just popped his head in and what did he say he's going to go start monitoring now to see if
He's gonna go start monitoring now
He was actually listening to the show that's why he came in here. So we have one. Oh, he's a good guy
Anybody knows his crap. He's like a real engineer as opposed to some of the make believe people that this corporation is fond of hiring
I don't want to mention Bob Vermuth
Hello, good job an Amsterdam Bob
And my landlord and his girlfriend hated you like poison too by the way and so do I
Bob Vermuth is wife listens though. That's what he said. Oh
Yeah, a lot of people will do that. They'll say oh well
I like what's her name? Her mother listens every day the one that's coming Anita marks. I see her mother listens to shruby to look that
Somehow that's going to temper what I say on the year
I mean, I'm sure that's why they tell me these things. Why else would I care?
Right right
So just like that guy who gave me the instructions about what I should say about Israel and by the way
I've got about 45,000 Israel articles here coming up. Well, I got a dead person a one ash
I don't even know how to say his name asherton ashton I get that for what that person you said yeah
He was guitarist for um
Iggy pop and the the stooges
Did we already have that?
Ron ashton no
The other day. I don't remember what it was about. Now. What's about him
Lan Tana road and i95 up on the exit wqq. I'm completely blanks out to uh spick sounds it says
No George music here. It says wherever the hell they are. Chris doesn't say where no George music
Anybody that knows music for five or six around the internet. Well, that's great. We're not talking about the internet
Okay, oh here's another one the signals great on the internet in Chicago. No Cuban interference except from George
That's cute
Coming across find don't know if that helps. I just thought I would let you know since Andrew
But Andrew doesn't tell you where and of course it's the live audio stream. We're not talking about the audio stream. Oh god
The radio seems to be working now but the Cuban music is unbelievably loud today
It is some in some cases on top of you instead of you over it
Wow, maybe I need to talk louder
PR Ralph says here you're loud and queer you did break up a few times
But you sound great. Yeah, I sure do sure I do
We can hear you in La Belle on 560 says done too bad. They can't hear us in date rowered in Palm Beach. That would be good
Your signal hasn't cut out since you read the first email telling you about the problem uh says flash thanks flash
And first he says I can hear you
See these people don't understand that uh what's happening online. What does that have to do with anything
Nothing they don't talk to the people are listening online. How many is that you know about third man
Cuban interference that's fidel a man to hell with fidel
I'm gonna go down there and stick some of that powder in his beard
Gonna go poison the cigar. I'm gonna pee on his parade
This is pretty quick whenever I shake my balls I listen to the heal Rogers 12 to 1 hour
Since Britney Spears legal team has finally had enough senator Hillary Clinton was clearly emotional at a midday event in Dover
police arrive at Britney's home where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically
Inside a locked bathroom a possible break during the two month old writers write Roger Clemens fires back the baseball great
Did I charge us of using steroids and human growth hormone
order back Tony Roma who did not play very well against the giants is getting blasted in Dallas for spending last weekend
In Cabo with girlfriend and bad luck charm. Jessi was Simpson Britney Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children
I'm fighting for the Democratic lead Obama and Clinton took the gloves off doing one Patriots are gonna be 18 and oh
Into the Super Bowl
All the Boston Globe is so confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect
19 and old season
It's day four for Britney Spears at UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric whole Amy one has they tried to make it go to rehab
And now she has Hillary Clinton know she has to turn the time
349 for a gallon of regular unleaded gas ties a record New York governor Elliott Spitzer
Apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring former beetle Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under sniper fire during a trip to Bosnia as her lady
Richie Zambore the lead guitarist for bunjobias out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving
We now know who the Democratic nominee is gonna be and no one's gonna dispute three tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia
Devastated Miley Cyrus topless if the Democratic nomination battle is supposedly over somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton
All right day two of the R Kelly child pornography trail senator
Edward Kennedy has been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor who is so hot
I saw him he winehouse smoking at practical one week from today Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the Democratic nominee
Unveiling of the iPhone 2.0 and these two dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes as a result of his sudden and unexpected death
He's being warned like a precedent or a Pope Tim Russell died on Friday just 58 years old triple a
Reforce the average price of unleaded regular is now for
Oh seven he taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff
We have comic icon George Carlin has passed away
You're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices many prostitution houses are also hurting some media reports had suggested
Airrod may be romantically linked with singer Madonna
330 active wildfires in telephile and thousands of homes are threatened although not nearly as many homes
That's written by countrywide mortgage triple aces the national average for unleaded regulators about 411 a gallon
And how's your bullish has agreed to a $52 billion takeover mortgage giant fanny bay and pretty back
You're getting help from the treasury department avail out and canine cuisine will be off limits at some restaurants during next-month
Olympic games in Beijing general motorists in trouble red farm says he doesn't feel welcome in green Bay and Angelina
Jolie news and the baby twins will they finally left the hospital in East France over the weekend senator john McCain is jumping all over Obama
Former presidential hopeful john edwards is now responding to a tabloid report that he had an affair
Edward says this is simply not true you're not allowed to streak in Beijing for the Olympics
federal investigators want to know what maricade aslan knows about the death of a friend he fledger
One of the most important qualities in the next president of the United States is to be very very very old
The woman john edward says he had to fare with is refusing to have a paternity test on her young child
Slimming scene on Michael fell quest for perfection. I'm a hockey mom from Alaska
David do company has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for sex addiction
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska
Don Lefontein who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever has passed away
Yeah, you can put lipstick on a pig
It's still a pig
United Airlines is doubling its speed to check a second bag on domestic flight
Krayagan makes the most unsurprising announcements in years
Yep, I'm gay the can't doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass
We're a couple of mavericks gosh started Obama has his first clear lead over john McCain
Paul lumens legacy will live on for years
The style dropped almost 780 points
The race move on to the world series to take on the Philadelphia fairly syrup palen going rogue
Governor syrup palen is still defending herself over the 150,000 dollar war drove the Republican national
Committee water and CNN cannot project a Barack Obama 47 years old will become the president
Oh, like of the United States. We know the challenges that tomorrow will break
Are the greatest of our lifetime leaders from the big three automakers were back on Capitol Hill today working to secure a massive bailout
The art giant star receiver Placco Burris is being charged with a crime after shooting himself in the leg
It is epic face nothing. And by India continues to unfold lost Vegas jugs jacky glass rejected
In essence apology and sends Tim up to 33 years in prison nationwide average for a gallon of regular and littered is now a
$1.72 Oprah Winfrey opens about the recent weight gain Michael Jackson's famous littering love is going on the auction block
The house has passed the big three auto bailout bill
It's time to be so bad it's on ad today for the new Trump trailer park that's not bad
I'm kind of a king
A cup of kindness
Yeah
For all
I'm sorry
Oh boy
We'll take a cup of kind
This yet
For all
I'm sorry
You're fair
From 075 60 WKM no speaking English a key
Well, I got I got 50,000 emails now. Yeah
Yeah, let me get some too. Yeah, you been getting some too. What do they say about the signal?
They say it sucks. Yeah, well, they were back now that it's supposed to be a better now
Well some of them say that some of them say well, I'm gonna read them all
Gray some good time. Read them slow. In fact, maybe we ought to do this every day
And some you'll have to listen because we want to say you had a surprise transmitter maintenance some surprise time during the show
The signal will go like hey, I like that
Here's one from somebody who says surely if WQM pays the FCC for a license
Then they have a right to expect some sort of signal protection from interference by a 10 pot third world country
How do you like that 10 pie?
Oh, get a clearance to call chaney and scramble the jets. There's still time for one more war. So Steve. Thanks Steve
To a hell with fiddle man, they just keep cranking that thing up
Erick and Tamerex is I hear you loud and clear maybe your listeners need a good radio like mine
I have an eight foot fair right antenna build and it works beautifully QN comes in crystal queer all the way up in Tamerex
All the way up in Tamerex
God am I impressed aren't you oh, yeah
Feel a Phil says Neil. I'm one of those who never email but listen over the air clear and adventurous stay well. Thanks Phil. I hear you
And even my good friend Ken and atobico is generally a pretty sharp guy. What is with you people? We're not talking about the internet stream. Okay
The internet stream isn't subject to over the year interference
God
But Ken says the internet streaming is just fine. Well, that's good. Everybody listen online
Jose the cop your man from home says is I can hear you
Can you hear us?
Wow
How many more roadblocks are they going to throw in our way? It doesn't make any difference because we still get paid with the
Erick or not right right not as much as we ought to be getting paid both still
Your just got that big raise coming up, but he's got that new car. Oh, yeah
That beautiful Cadillac escalade
That beautiful 2009 Corvette
Yeah
Jerry says just want to let you know you're not cutting out anymore. I'm listening in Davie
This was at 1158 in the AM
Don't you feel relieved now? Okay, coming in loud and clear on my computer. So Scott and panellos park
See on the computer again
Well, why didn't I say a million times we're not talking about the internet stream?
Did I say that 50 million maybe not 50 30 million times apparently not enough
For the people who want you on serious if they can't listen live they can listen to the archives. Is Scott well
It's just another way to bitch in belly ache and you know complain
When you're gonna go to serious man
Seriously, they're going under okay
14 cents a share in fact, I brought a check out again during the break maybe less
Various is no issue too bad it didn't happen yesterday with a great calls George had keep up the good work
No problem in North Miami. Now what does that mean?
Too bad it didn't happen yesterday with the great calls that you had I don't know what that means
Is that a shot and sounds like a shot in your colors?
Did you have bad calls yesterday it was fine yesterday it was fine
That didn't answer my question
I had the usual and all that I mean if that you mean no, yeah, not not Reverend Schwartz. Yeah. Oh
Homo Joe friend. I'm sure and I
Even hear that anymore. Oh, you know, it says I'm in West boi and in the signal sucks
Always hearing Cuban music in the background. I yeah, I yeah, I said how do you like that very very well said joke?
I am
I
Have to be really really super loyal
To listen through all this crap at a boy jolly joebell you are doing it
Lewis on the palm coast says question how can you not be heard in daybrowder Palm Beach when I can tune in here in Daytona
As far as I'm concerned keep the signal strong because if you think radio is bad down there
Just try listening here terminal. Thanks for the signal said Lewis
So we're doing good up there in Daytona all right
But that's because the fiddle station isn't getting all the way up off the coast. Well, that's a sad commentary
But in mon road date and broward and Palm Beach note out I was like
Like that
With an occasional anorester charge
Throwing in and once in a great while
One of those
Oh
Some perfect unsyptous fly to get serviced by a guy
Standing in the bathroom stall. He'll stick his jug right through the wall
Oh
We know what no show name
Why would someone do this deed to evacuate this seat?
Why not meet guy's face to face instead of
Such a stingy place
We know
If we walk into a public washroom and get the feeling like oh my god, it smells like crap in here
All the time just this morning. I wonder why that is coincidence
Uh-huh 319 tallies on a pole
Other than Neil which wq I was showed you listen to the most. I only listen to Neil
154 48.2%
Mad dog Jim Manwich 95 Joe rose 31. I don't listen to wq M at all 24 the big O7 DA4 ESPN 3 and dolphins hotlines
The only guy won a betcha bokeh camper voted think
Mm-hmm now 319 vote our goal is uh, I don't know 400
Pick a low number
Especially when they can't hear us. Hello
I'm doing everything I can't see we can get through to the audience out there
We can't get through to management and we sure as hell can't get through the norm I can't he's busy in court
Defending some pervert like me. Hmm. Here's one that says Arnold's real castle is open
Let's eat some neilies nearly why the great one so are those daily burgers with much love a little listener
I'll soon come again here
They can't send you any food. I'll buy it
You'll buy it with money. Wayne wouldn't take your money. I'll slip it in this pocket
What about the money that two?
Here's one from gg and it says ps gogators. Oh gee. We got the big game for it tonight
VCS championship game. I'm sure everybody's gonna be watching on tv and if you think our daytime signal is bad wow
nighttime signal
It's like chasing the elusive butterfly. You know, I remember that song by Bob Lynn the elusive butterfly. No
You don't might have it, but you got it there
Bob Lynn the l.i.n.d no relation to Paul
I don't think Bob was gay but nevertheless
There it is see not so elusive after all is it no
I can't hear her better than our signal
Oh nice stereo separation on this you might wake up
All the locals run
One hit wonder Bob Lynn
It was on dot records
Okay, that's it see back when you were a kid and you had all those 45 stacked up
And you know what you remember the labels that that's when the actual records would labels
You know what a label was on I see
No, I only had one you only had one little 45. Yeah, I had album changer you had what albums. I only had one 45
And what was that bungalow in the jungle by jethra tall oh my god that after I bought that one
I'd never buy another one. I'll tell you that I that's show it away
I like that song anyway this one by gg says hi Neil and George we can hear you loud and clear
Minus the chak-chomp music hearing downtown my mood overall the signal blows it blows
How do you like that
For an indictment of this company, huh?
They're working on it though feverishly they they really are
And if we live long enough I think by the time they get it resolved the station to be off the air
I could be wrong. Do you notice that we've got an avail in the next break
You see that no actually there was a there was a writing so we do oh
I just mentioned that just in case anybody from the sale department are connected to it might be listening which I'm sure they're not
Races I just don't get it
Maybe it's the jock mentality. Maybe they are homophobic
Why would somebody with business sense try to piss off the golden goose who puts the station on the map?
Who doesn't get any promotion who tries to run out of town at contract time with no respect?
Who the who they try to run out of time? I see it proves anyone can run a station without looking oh they're looking all right
Oh without looking at the big picture
George puts up respectable numbers and your absence and gets the same and people wonder why radio is dying
Well, let me tell you this right. I'm dying of it. Yeah, let me say it again
And I have no light one of those two
I'm more to charge just relax all of these people are so whipped up. We're doing okay, right?
Yep, I'm not happy about that pay cut. I'm not happy about the sales department and Chris Jones
And I'm not talking about the show or making any effort whatsoever to sell it
I mean, I mean, you know that that's going to wind up in court all of that stuff
If Norma can't ever get away from all his perverts
He won't
The least he be spotted in my email or wasn't that something that was something
Tom says crummy signal. Thanks for a refreshing thanks for refreshing a childhood memory
Remember sitting on a porch on a warm summer's evening and hearing the crickets. That's what your signal sounds like
memory says
Nick
Well, thanks for rubbing it in Nick
Crickets let's get somebody holly cranked up that'll be the day. Come on on brunch with records
What are these? I've been with crickets
Yeah, play the crickets and then play a buddy holly
I don't know what ever happened to the crickets were they were they on a plane with buddy. Hi. I don't know
And the big bopper
Runs with records man a purple label dark purple
Maybe baby
Where's this to go to keep her the keys
And who's this can't help that they're talking about
Never be the day
He was okay was adequate you know
Peggy suit
If you knew old Peggy suit
That's it. Oh you want more? Oh you got more?
No more buddy. What's that? Just more of it or Peggy suit. Oh, I've seen that. I do have Peggy suit. Yeah, I knew Peggy suit
She he would do
But only for you
333 on a pull we're halfway to 66. I'll ride
Uh-oh Steven Jersey is here. He says the old Langsign 2008 Rev. Perspective you displayed
Brilliant work
Hmm
Well, it took us took us hours
Who put that together we said oh some guys
Some guys with a lot more time and a lot more talent than we got it's a two-minute reminder a two-minute reminder
That thing is like six or a half minutes long isn't it get on a here you guys are both crazy. Let me take a look
It's some more nine six oh eight really yeah wow
It seems Britney Spears legal. They seem like 15 minutes
It seems like 30 seconds to me
Who put that together? It's a two-minute reminder of how great it is to be out of that freaking year good to have you both back
So Steven Jersey thanks Steve's a good guy. We got some good guys out there listening around a couple couple several
Boy, I sure I'll tell you one thing if we could if we could like go off the air like that every once in a while
We should get a million emails
Lewis and the Palm Coast is I did before to the AM signal and Daytona not streaming
I know Louis just relax. I know that I can hear you and Daytona 560 on the AM dial too bad
The cantarice and date rowered in Palm Beach and Monroe because Fidel is going
Incribles Incribles Incribles just going apeshmit man. I guess he's on the way out
What else he given me crap huh
Let me ask you I guess well I already know the answer they can't interfere with the FM's
I don't know I guess they're not trying well
Well, why the hell would they interfere with like wqba for quite a lot where they put on all that anti-fidel propaganda
Allah kubanissima and all those other ones you know maybe they're trying they don't interfere with them, huh?
Maybe we're getting to go over I think they're just jealous of that great off in the season man
They're 11 and five season and that horrible playoff game against Baltimore
With the what's his name on a sideline?
scam scam scammer
Here's one that says in Kendall signal goes between crappy and very crappy Cuban interference is constant constant
It just never stops. I think I think we're gonna have to like wipe that damn get all your relatives back over here
And then we'll just blow the damn thing up
Some shahone
Maybe next time I'll just wax
As they go back I'll have to scratch
Itty balls baby itty balls
What do you like better itchy balls or bitchy balls? I don't have to choose
Used to be a horse called itchy bon yeah
Trotter had raced in Pomato Park
They still racing the horses at Pomato Park yes does anybody know about it? No, no
It's really um, I don't know what to say about them those people
So I won't say anything okay, maybe they'll buy some spots on the show sometime not
Maybe that bank that I hate like poise maybe they'll buy some spots on the station
I don't hear them anymore. Should I rip them and ask no? No, then they'll get all oh see
He's ribbys chasing away the accounts
you know
And then Diffle will come back and have a big powwow with jolly joebell and tell him what a bastard I am
And how I chased away nations bank and I would do a hundred years ago because I ripped them on the air
Nations bank how are they doing still in business? No long gone long gone
Remember nations bank. Yep. A lot of people used to call it Haitians bank. What did he do that because of bigots? I see
You know any Haitians? No, I don't as a matter of fact. Well there you go get on them jittney's man
Go to the county get on them jittneys. Well you're in the county. That's right. I'll be right back
Go on there like my auntie ever ride and go for ride and see if you come back alive matter
If I the might start have to be taken the jittney to work
So what's the deal you still using your daughter's car? Yes, I bet she's not too pleased about it. What's he doing? No, she's not
What does she just cool in her heels?
And she happens to be to be between jobs as we call it
Yeah, I'm at the moment. So you told me yeah, so
So are we? Mm-hmm. No kidding
Brian says you show us coming through up here in Orlando listen to above it loves bunch in 96.5 today
You mentioned your name with some regard when talking about Ted Web and Jack Harrison Tampa
Bob is okay, but he talks about wrestling too much and has hot Kogan on every second. Yeah. Well, what's that all about?
God
Next thing you'll be putting like Johnny Dork on here some loser like that
344 on the survey we're gonna make that 400 if it's the last thing we do and and based on the way the signals go in today
Oh, I guess it's okay right now
Johnny says
Nielito a friendly way to say Neil Nielito is that like Pajarito? Just like it you were going on your loud and clear
Have a great day is that like Pendejo?
Oh
What happened?
I just dropped a thing. Okay, is that like
Capron very similar rocky from Miami says stop it already. I hear you fine here driving around boy
Beach is sound queer clear to me
How did you guys? Did you guys happen to see that GD blasted how how blasted dick by tell was on the NBA telecast last night
I don't watch the NBA so I certainly wouldn't watch dick by tell come back for one more
Incoherent episode it was effing unbelievable. It says go heat. Oh, God get a life rocky. Take up a real sport
I wonder if they're replaying the Leafs Panthers game. I sure hope not
No
What are commercial for the Octopus
Oh, and of course the Brian Burke movement here at Toronto is really that really shaking things up
He brought back brought brought brought what's his name Brad May
The Toronto another sighting Brad May you can only just turn 98 years old
Mayday Mayday
Here's the NHL network enough
They're brought along slowly enough so that when they hit they're at the right maturation
Point that they can oh god. Anybody out there says this show is boring because when you're on my god
Canadian six ranges three ranges got their ass kicked by the Canadians right there at MSG. Wow
That's bad ain't it ranges
The later second here's that case of guy Alec quote between Northeastern there again cruiser but down to the wire
Now
And Jackie whober Villagomas in front and going off to take how do you like to have some of the drugs they must feed this guy
He just every race he's like in coherent now. What's the story am I gonna get a dry run test later this afternoon?
Are going to get a facts? I think the email yes from Steve Sloan that's the plan while he's ended by the way
You might tell Steve Sloan go out and sell some more stuff on this show
Hey, I put a pipe bomb under Joe Bell's ass or in it record
It's short list of sales guys. We got selling spots on this show. That's what I'm saying
Duff Steve Sloan Bob Eisenberg
Bob Eisenberg ain't selling off on this show. He's selling for you. He's not doing anything on this show
He did nothing for me. He did bring he brought those what he bring to the Gulf Stream potatoes or corn
Carrots carrots he brought carrots for the horses because PD Lenny. Oh my god
PD Lenny's scammed him. He punked him
He skunked him and he told him bring carrots to feed the horses and so he went he stopped at public and bought a whole bunch of carrots
I don't want to see you're an idiot Eisenberg. I shouldn't do that because he's selling the show real big
not
For a few moments about a half an hour ago your signal faded and returned several times
I don't know what all these morons are complaining about they were some of the most blissful moments of this entire show
Oh, this is the guy that loves you and hates me
I don't you have some guests on or discuss some topics like a real radio show. Oh boy George discusses things and has people in and takes calls
Hell get pros act around a five-minute spot on the show and I'm sure more people would enjoy that than the other three hours and 55 minutes
We have to listen to the Schmidt bat. We have to somebody sitting there with a gun and his head
Hold the trigger dammit
Why don't you hand it over to George and take out a pad and pencil and take some notes and how to do a radio show
George do something I am
Says you're my bitch and a well done. Oh god come on do something. I'm doing it right now. I'm doing it double-times
I don't have a pencil. I got a pen
Got a pencil
Got a pen and a lot of paper
Do something I am I'm doing something
Jeff says sound check and bokeh signals as clear as ever in bokeh. No background noise here
You motivated me to switch over and listen to L's soul
I suddenly missed the filler and background music too. Love you number one phan
How do you like that race is the signals much better
Manage been must have been worried about the spots
Yeah, I mean as if you're gonna advertise on this radio station if somebody could hear your commercials. I would be good
So quit running ten watts during this show
Just try to you know they're trying to put the final nails in the coffin
So the next book we get like a point oh
Here's one from davin abatura says your signal sucks. Where is the engineer did uh
What's his name ever come back Steph? No, and give you a report. No. No, why not?
I don't think he heard anything to report
What does that mean like if he found a problem he would come back and say hey
There's a problem blah blah. I think we're gonna do this or we're not gonna do this or blow it out your ass or something
Maybe if they cranked the jirbles of if they feed the damn jirbles
Maybe we get the damn thing up to about a hundred watts for Christ's
It says your signal was going on and off total dead air for quite some time in northeast davin abatura
Management must suck cutbacks question mark. Oh, he says not enough hamsters keeping the signal going or they not feeding them
See he's stealing my material or I still has get out when you can it said yeah get out
Get out when you can
and
Do what and go on a street corner spare some change mister
All these people will their brilliant advice here's another guy tell me how what to do given me directions
Critiques complaints and life instructions you left that one out oh
To even the original email I sent earlier came back under liver will now
I know to send you direct neil at nearrogers.com. That's because I say it on the air all the time neil at nearrogers.com
Thanks davin calm down calm that held down
God
At least we got him whipped up about something anyway
Listening to your voice with Cuban music in the background on ives dairy though. I kind of like it though. It says this one they like it
Maybe they like the cedar crews. I like the buddy holly much like it
I like buddy holly much better than cedar crews and the interesting thing is they're both dead
He had better hair though. He had frizzy. What do you call that frizzy here curly curly?
Kind of curly fuzzy
curly
Here's one from frances who says in the car and brow decimals back to its marginal norm
Oh, it's back to its marginal norm norm
Fred says glad your back your show is great today put on some frank
I can't find edited doll fans tuning on your side the tune on your set is it there uh Fred and bokeh
No, it's not there. It's not going to be there
Is not what we're supposed to be working on is getting every every bit that they want on the site if they want it
We'll give it to him for free right and no, what we'll do is you'll you'll come to their home. That's right
I'll bring them in prisonly autographed that's right with all the all the bits that they want all the two colored label sure. That's right
Wow, I think we're fine and caught up now. I can get it all my 400 is real stories
Your
I thought of all the baby, the baby in truth
And how I guess, and she did too
Just try to hurt she's legs, she good empty out of roll
And create a space between us that could spend
And do the baby, and try to decide
If she farms doesn't matter, when the knees get me
And my eyes start to water, then I think it's about forgiveness
To forgiveness, evenness, with every will
Should be explored evermore
There are women in your life, who will get night?
That they ever were far, you know they could've done time
But look you in the eye baby, I'll say you wrong
Then the rough up those bad sheets, and drop you on home baby
I'm trying to decide if she farms doesn't matter, when the back side comes
And my friends start to scatter when they get by
To forgiveness, to forgiveness, evenness, evenness, she's exploring
Come on baby, you can call again
1246-14-01, here's one from your close personal buddy
Okay, I'll give you a clue
I don't always do this for everybody, but for you I'll give you a clue
All right, let me die
Let me know right down
Okay, says hey wise guy, heard your smart Alec comment about me a few minutes ago
Isn't it amazing that these people are listening religiously?
I can't utter a word and then get it by them
All of them, all these naysayers
Why don't you take the stick out of your ass?
I don't care for my boys show, but you are one to talk
You wrote the book, I'm talking about other radio personalities
In order to get them to talk about you, you made a career out of it
I never ever talked about any radio person to get them to talk about me
That is a bald faced, fat assed, horse ball lie
Yeah, talk about all the people of radio TV, you talk about everybody
That's the near Roger show
But in order to get them to talk about me, did I try to get Joey Reynolds to talk about me?
Oh God, or Mr. Ego?
No, they just, they're obsessed
Like you, Johnny, they're obsessed, obsessed
I have no life
Jesus, God, get out some of those old flannel checkered shirts
And go have a good time at Duda's before it's too late
Now, is he working somewhere, Johnny, Dork or what?
I don't know
Well, you seem to be really kind of him
No, I don't
You invite him in for that once that one day
Yeah, that's right
You said to me, boy, don't ever bring that turret back in here
That's what I said
Rocky says, can't us must macho buddy Holly or Celia Cruz
Do you think it makes a difference now?
No
Probably not
Just like that guy that took that early in the show that was talking about David Bloom
Why would he put him on the list?
He's dead
Anyway, here's one from TR, who's obviously very confused
Because I never lived in Miami shores or anywhere near Miami shores, but nevertheless
I don't think
Did I live in Miami shores?
I don't know
No
No
It says nation's bank changed its name to Bank of America after the merger with Bank of America
However, nation's bank was the acquiring party
All the senior management including the CEOs were the nation's bank management team
PS during my training at nation's bank in 1993 for management
I was one of your account managers at the Miami shores location
Loved you then and now that I'm getting old still do since TR
Well, thanks TR, but I don't know what that means
He was one of my account managers at the Miami shores location, he or she
That's what he says
But I never I never was ad banked in Miami shores because I never lived anywhere near there especially in 1993
Well, maybe you forgot
No
But maybe these two like you know, posky around with my money, that could be it
Like the current bank that I'm with, which used to be nation's bank which we used to be family bank which used to be
Well, I don't want to say what it is now
Jimmy says I'm in pomp and oh and your show is coming through just fine. Oh wait
You're not listening to the salsa music in the background never mind
At least you're not talking about wrestling and taking calls from washed up wrestlers
Take care of Neil PS, tell Georgia's daughter. I'll give her a ride
Ah, haha
Over Georgia's dead body with a Jimmy said to take her she can take care of herself
Yeah, that's right or here's me
Mary
Mary of B.O.T.
Oh, not cute
Everything with this guy's bitch and B.O.T.
Okay
You say that nobody will try to sell your show to do everything you need to show to sell first satellite radio is going out so
Maybe you should go there and just fade away
Fade away
Kind of like sound like Johnny Dork same crap, you know
Who are you going to be talking about blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah? I
Talk about whatever you want to talk about including your stupid fat ass Johnny
It's time to win Israel's Gaza war that's the editorial in yesterday's Toronto star
Now do you think I dare to read all these stories about piled up here that time?
I could take some calls what do you mean a couple I got one two three four
Oh wait a minute here's some emails
I got a bunch well four is not that many is it nothing five oh
I got there also got this thing about Armageddon week you ready for Armageddon I'm all
Loaded and I got my cooler full of ice this is from this information news
2009 maybe underway, but it's your 2012 that's got everybody talking I don't have anybody talking about do you sure all the time?
documentary and stuff books
People people like in shopping malls like it when you come to my house they talked about 2012. Mm-hmm. They are yep
And all week long on television the history channel is alerting its viewers and many others who see you big what it says play
Placid on bus shoulders and telephone booths the world they come to an end of the 721st 2012
It's like why 2k, baby. Remember all the history with why 2k? Oh, I love it
Power's gonna go out the water's gonna stop running your Colossary bags gonna overflow and over these the empty for you
Oh my god
Hulk Hogan's gonna walk off the bubble loves fun show
Computers go off high that's right all computers are going offline the world was gonna come to an end as we knew it a
Two-hour special kicking off histories Armageddon week claims that the 16th century Suisse or no Stardomis
Ward of Apocalypse in 2012 and if that's not enough then try the Egyptians the free Masons and yes the ancient civilization
It actually didn't have something to say about 2012 the Maya in southern Mexico and northern Central America
Throughout we hear ominous music and dynamic dramatic narration warning of global apocalypse. Oh my god
This follows a holiday movie schedule and which it was hard to avoid dramatic teaser ads for row and emeryx
Summer 2009 ends times disaster movie 2012. Oh, this is just a hype for another movie, right? I guess
Counter-balancing this apocalypse the hype comes 2012 science and superstition a new documentary film from the
disinformation
News and network where they've launched exclusively on Apple I tune the store and is already on the best selling documentaries chart
That goes on on as Hollywood in the mainstream media distorting exploiting my encounter in their constant quest for ratings and box office
Access more and more people looking for information on what 2012 really means. Oh, God. I'm gonna worry about this all afternoon
I would buy
2012 it's only like three years away all the way. What is it December? Well, it's almost four years away
I'll be dead by that anyway. That's what Johnny's praying for
He's probably got his near Rogers voodoo doll right now talk about sticking to put a stick up your ass. That's what he's doing
He's sticking a pin in my back. Oh geez
Keith says they should send all the Palestinians to W.I.O.D. Then they'll know what misery really is
What does that mean? I don't know
Send all the Palestinians to W.I.O.D. Well, I think I think he may have a point W.I.O.D. Oh, I hate that station. Doodah doodah
Okay, so here's what the Toronto Star says do I have time for this before the break probably not
Probably not so let's take a few kids a pool
See how we're doing on there
384 so I think we're gonna make that 400 not like overwhelming not like that a wait a minute here's Cliff
I
Grandpa and barefoot Bay went home to be with the Lord to his day night
Last month got to be too much to handle for the family so we had to put him in an assisted dying facility
It was a single family home with five bedrooms of the dying elderly even the front lawn was dying
Says Cliff and Kendall when I made my final visit I was greeted by two sweaty and nervous Bohemian nurses
Poor grandpa probably had a heart attack when he woke up and found a black person in his room life goes on you'll see
Cliff and Kendall how do you like that and
Assisted dying facility. You know there was such a place. They're called hospices
Yeah, but I never heard of it called an assisted dying facility either that sounds like so finally, you know like
So does I like I'm dying over here. What so does hospice no hospice sounds like I don't know
Like kind of a nasty hospital
Although they all are they all are
You go to hospital man if you come out alive. It's a miracle. I don't care. Which one we're talking about
They're all it's just a matter of degrees
They're butcher houses
383 on the survey of the needle which QA M showed he listened to the most I only listened to the 186 48 and a half percent
I'm sure Johnny dork falls into that category. He's listening right now
I'm taking the stick out of my ass right now. I'm gonna smear it right under your nose Johnny right where their mustache is
Didn't he had any half a mustache? Yes
I remember I just remember he was big and annoying all right. Well imagine an idea. He was all right on your shape body
He just takes it also personal just an radio show Johnny
I thought you're so surly about take the stick out of your ugly ass
Only listen to the 186 Jim Man, which one 15 Joe Rose 40 boy you see the drop off after those first two selections on air
God
Joe Rose 40 that's Zaxful that's because of those and that damn what what's his name storm cat?
Okay, God what you're doing to Joe Rose. I don't listen to WQM at all 26 the big O8
DA4 ESPN radio 3 and dolphins hotlines still got that same one
Hello, this is on this is not a tumor. It's the ones the two hour
Right accruesive for babes all day you probably pretty hungry ready but now
Let's go and do go home where you're gonna wash your hands keep your elbows on the table safe piece of thank you
You don't gotta do that come see us cuz we're not your mama the new self service Mexican Resurance
Excuse me. I like the conquees the door special. Hey, man
You can't keep whatever you want because I ain't gonna get it for you. We're not your mama
Not your mama
Best of anything you want as long as you go back and make it yourself. I was great
Man
Text Max with no respect
It's a 101 you know what I got to do sometime maybe this weekend. I'm going to Taco Bell
Okay, I keep threatening to do that and I just never get around with these one like not that far from me
Okay, and why don't I go there? I love it and
Then you see the response you always go when you mention Taco Bell. Well, that's not real Mexican food. So who cares?
Good
Yeah, exactly I'm afraid of whatever real Mexican food. Oh, I had some
Oh, yeah, oh did you know oh when it tells about it?
It was a beef with sliced carrots and mung and
And then of course there's always like a there's always a side dish with sour cream
Okay, and guacamole okay, even if even if you're eating like ice cream, you know, there's a side dish
All right, sour cream and guacamole which I hate guacamole. I say I like sour cream
Mm-hmm, and I smeared some of that in that and what it's still didn't help
Here's one about banking which I'll read the first part of it last part is obviously an attempt to a sucker me to talking about a particular
Bank which I'm not gonna do and it's full of crap
I've which were on thousands of dollars in cash at a time for my bank with my ATM card without any problem at all
There are so many great banks competing in Miami. Why would you stick with a bad one?
There were even banks that now open seven days a week and I promised next day availability of funds from deposited checks
Well good
Coming with some of the mar which certainly is not the one that you say in the next paragraph after that
But nevertheless so Johnny dark who's listening like I said hanging on every word
Well, he's got a lot of time on his hands, you know, he says get it right
Roundup is the new hangout because I was saying do does round up. You know we're round up his no probably in Davy
Okay, well Johnny said Davy kind of a guy, you know, so I heard then he says I've had some offers
But I'm enjoying the downtime got a call a few weeks back from Fleetwood Groover
Who's now a W M M O and Orlando?
What is W M M O what is that don't know?
Is that Schmidt kick in music don't know remember Fleetwood Groover? I do I just a call him Fleetwood Mac Groover Groovy name
Yeah, yeah, I'm what was he on was he on the coast? He was the PD of the coast that's correct
And then he went off to Washington DC. I do believe I don't know and then there was some story about some chick that was working
I would be in the PD at some station in Washington
Was the daddy of her baby or something like that remember that?
That wasn't Fleetwood Groover was oh
And now why you go mm-hmm like cuz you don't want to get a mouthful of food there. Yeah, right. You're full of crap
That's what you got crap
You are such a melee mouth. Mm-hmm
Won't think to be a nile. It's nothing to be a melee mouth
398 on a pole we're gonna make 400 nice going without without fact Chris. How do you like that?
Jason in plantation says
Bank of America have been with the same SOB vaccines the NC and V days the best
Says Jason in plantation with Kawasaki disease
Now is there really such a thing as Kawasaki disease?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, we were talking about it yesterday
Lee look sharp and was reading off of Wikipedia. It's not
Necessarily a real thing. It's another one of those things where maybe it's real. Maybe it's not is real
Yeah
Well, what is that?
This whole thing like his big excuses that the kid was exposed to carpet cleaner because he used to be a neat freak
So they used to have the carpets cleaned and shampooed like every day every day
Because the Scientologists don't believe in that
And they changed their tune now. They don't acknowledge or deny the existence of
I see that's their public position on the matter, which of course is a big fat line
But you lunatics okay closet queens you fairy John revolta and Tommy Cruz you fairy all these other idiots
Toronto star yesterday said it's time to end Israel's Gaza war when even the United Nations compounds in Gaza full of covering
Refugee families are no longer safe havens the time has come to wind down Israel's 12-day military drive to shatter
Hamas's fighting ability
That much would be obvious to Israeli Prime Minister Olmert following an Israeli mortar attack yesterday at UN school
They killed more than 30 including several children
In a cruel irony the military had urged families to flee their homes for safer locales
But Hamas fighters using civilians at the school as shields attacked Israeli troops with mortars
Provoking a counter barrage at another UN school and Israeli strike kill three
While Israel has no option but to defend itself against rocket attacks that have reached halfway to tell of even the main airport
Olmert must know that if his deterrent message hasn't gone through to Hamas's united leadership by now it never will
The military has killed Hamas leader Nizar Raiyan and 130 other militants and it shattered the Hamas's infrastructure
driven militants underground destroyed weapons and disrupted rockets
But short of reoccupying Gaza Olmert can hope to prevent a resumption of the rocket attacks only by striking a truce with Hamas
Which is too deeply rooted to be defeated politically at least
Indeed Israelis anticipate a ceasefire or truce yesterday a scramble was on at the UN and across the region to shape the
Generally agreed contours and into Hamas's attacks
Assurances that Hamas won't rearm credible monitoring and a lifting of Israel's economic siege
Certainly Israel's long-term security will be better served by ending the war before it's a verse prospects for a broader peace
Olmert has made his point one more can be gained by prolonging the conflict and Israeli ceasefire will give
Egypt and Turkey leverage in their vetted raw Syria away from its ties with the ran and to force Hamas Syria's client to accept the truce
This is a message Prime Minister Steven Harper should deliver Harper silence does nothing good for Canada's image as US president
Like Barack Obama voices deep concern for civilians and other world leaders try to broker a ceasefire
Sadly Palestinians and Israelis are being betrayed by an absence of leadership
Neither side has been willing to make the compromises required for peace
That boosted Hamas's appeal with tragic results by yesterday some 600 gossens were dead over three thousand injured and 10 Israelis were killed
Mosques homes and public offices were in ruins a crisis is building its fuel water medical supplies were insured
And the tragedies that the UN sides confirmed there are no safe havens
This undermines Palestinian President Abbas even though one of Israel's aims is to help him by weakening his foe Hamas
It is radicalized the West Bank and arrest making Hamas look heroic battling superior forces
All without contributing much to Israel's long-term security. It's time to wind up this war says the Toronto star
Oh, and then that email I got earlier giving me instructions about what to say in Yadeh and we haven't caught up yet with all the Jews that have been killed
How many million Palestinians are there?
I don't think there are that many and not only that but if that's if that's the goal
If that's the end game then why not go into Germany why not nuke Germany?
There used to be 10 there is three and a half now left to three and a half million left in Palestine. Yes
Palestine. Did you say won't what used to be
You're staring to sound pretty anti-Semitic. That guy's gonna start protesting front of your ass
He's gonna start demonstrating in front of your butt
Are you an official in the Gaza strip say Israeli forces have fired on a truck out of you in aid mission and killed a driver
on an aid mission
Oh, tell me I'm gonna revert to that in the one to do that around this time. Yeah
You and spokesman Adnan Abu Haznah says the incident for place during a law declared by Israel to allow humanitarian aid to enter the territory
He says he went coordinated delivery with Israel and the vehicle was marked with the UN flag and insignia when it was shot in northern Gaza
The Israeli army says it's investigating we're looking to it. Oh, yeah, look you better look
406 votes on our survey and somebody says oh
My god, it says Taco Bell's meat is USDA grade double E acceptable. How can you eat that with my mouth?
I don't eat Taco Bell. I mean I thought I go there that often, but I've been eating it for years. I'm still alive
What does that mean double E acceptable? That's the lowest grade of beef that can be legally sold to humans. Yeah
And
That's it you asked
So what's wrong with it? Don't you like Taco Bell? Have you have you eaten there once a week more life? Are you still alive? I so far. Let me I think so
How can you possibly that with my mouth? I like it. Oh, there's another instruction say oh don't do this and don't do that you're wrong
You know
Not something to actually say about anything meaningful
But don't do this and don't do that critiques
Uh, what's the other lanes complaints and plates and life instruction. That's part of critiques
Life instruction quit smoking at nasty weed. It'll uh, what would the other one say? Oh, it lowers your immune system
Loers your immune system makes you weak. That's why Georgia sick all the time because he smokes too much of that whiskey
It's a back you
Provert by didn't let me sick all the time
2012 we're all gonna die
Well, let's see how many years I got we got five oh oh
Better better push it back till 2014 so I can collect every dime from these bastards
See jolly joe if you think I'm gonna take a walk your dream and
I'm gonna collect every single dime every peso
From these bastards from these life destroyers that that's what this business does best case you haven't noticed
I know destroys lives
Wdl we destroy life
a
No way they killed this year!
Bro, hockey's gone!
A hoser's greatest fear!
No avalanche, no faithful leaves,
No red wings and no stars!
Your fairies!
The only fights in Canada will be inside the forest!
I got this cage!
I'll sit around it, cause...
No can it all basketball's not for us!
No can it all basketball is not for us!
Hey, one sixteen at five sixty W.D. Q.A.
I'm not that bad, a little bit of sun there,
and snow is melting away.
How about this summer time in a week or two?
Not here.
Sean says this is a pole, Sean from Hollywood, our club buddy.
Oh, look at this!
Look at that!
Sean, yeah, look at this!
He's got a PS.
He says, by the way, Charlie B sends this pole,
who sports the nicest cod piece?
Ian Anderson of Jess Rotel,
Larry Blackman of Cameo,
Gold member, Alex in the Clockwork Orange,
Gene Simmons of Kiss or Romeo.
All right?
Just a little shot at Charlie B.
What are you trying to say, Charlie B is like that or what?
I don't know.
I'm trying to say, Sean,
anyway, Sean says I just wanted to compliment your friends at Gulfstream.
I just went back from Wheel of Fortune all the money I'd lost on the West Coast tracks,
so I was strolling through the parking lot when they were of contempt
and when I came upon an old Hispanic guy on his hands and easing in some distress.
As I was the first person to pass him who did not ignore him,
I helped him up and asked him if he was okay.
Even with my gringo ear, I was able to understand he had fallen,
could not get up, was separated from his family,
confused and by his breath,
more than little...
...mithfaced.
I helped him to the main entrance in the fashion football players
are assisted in the sidelines,
and when I summoned help.
A young security guard in Hellendale,
a patrolman on duty there, tracked down his family,
whilst I attempted to console the weeping altar boy and my Portuguese-lay Spanish.
He was quickly reunited with his family,
who appeared to be a little put out there,
were summoned away from the Latin festival,
and he was on his way home.
The folks at Gulfstream could have been nicer about the whole thing,
sorry to be so uplifting,
I promise so much more hostile and negative story next time, says Sean.
Thanks for the good news, Sean, they are nice people at Gulfstream.
And we're doing a dry run on that to pick up onything tomorrow, right?
That's right.
So that means we'll be carrying the second race,
so I got a handicap that race tonight?
I'm a good moody Bruce, has the 83 parts of a link.
Native matches there toward the well.
Florida's QT is up from between horses.
Line euro makes it three in a line on the outside.
I think like somebody is goosing him during these race calls, this guy in Tampa.
To pick it up, they're not still along my back.
To King Glocken on the outside, Centeno angles him to the outside
and now asking for run as a quarter of a mile still to run.
Moody Bruce has the lead Florida's QT on the outside, second on America.
Moves up from the far outside, now to be third three links further back.
King Glocken.
Yeah, but what does it have to do with Hulk Hogan for Christ's sakes, right?
Who?
Hulk Hogan.
What about him?
And what does it got to do with hockey?
There's a shot right on power.
He's the same.
It covers up.
I'm falling in front of that shot.
There we go, leasing Canadians from a hundred years ago, man.
It's called living in the past.
There's nothing like living in the past.
That's why the past always seems so much better, because you can be selective.
You know, the present, it is what it is.
You can't select picking shoes and say, well, you know, this part of the day was great.
The rest of the day suck.
It is what it is, right?
But in the past, you can look back and say, oh, man, remember, all those great restaurants
and remember this and remember the great sports and whatever.
The great ass.
Jank Yuger on the smirking chimps says, what was Israel supposed to do?
Question mark?
I sure hope I don't start choking and gagging again.
Sorry, that would be bad.
Then you'd probably have to work tomorrow.
And that guy'd be real happy.
George might be out tomorrow.
The government of Israel keeps saying their actions are justifiable because they're doing it in retaliation for what Hamas has done.
Hamas is the same exact thing.
They're firing the rockets in retaliation for what Israel did in imposing a blockade and bombing their tunnels and leaders.
I find both points completely unpersuasive, yes, including Israel's.
Every day now, I hear someone saying, what was Israel supposed to do?
Hamas keeps firing rockets into their country.
So here's a quick list of things they were supposed to do.
One, not break the cease fire in the first place.
Yes, I understand their frustration with the tunnels, which are used not only in the smog of food, medicine, and goods, but also the smog of weapons.
But those weapons were not being used until Israel started bombing the tunnels.
What were they supposed to do? Wait until the weapons were used? Yes, that's the point of a cease fire.
I know Israel would not like any of their enemies to have any weapons.
From their perspective, that makes sense.
But Israel doesn't need tunnels for weapons. The US just gives them to them and their weapons are a thousand times bigger.
So yes, you did not bomb just because the other side might acquire one percent of the weapons you have.
Otherwise, you'll always be bombing because it's logical for the other side to try to require those weapons for what they perceive to be self-defense.
If you're threshold for starting violence is that the other side is thinking about it, close to the rationale we used in Iraq, then you'll always be starting wars, self-defense my ass.
Those are called first strikes. If you think it's necessary, fine, but don't pretend that you didn't start the hostilities.
Two, you're stronger, don't strike back.
I know people will say that's crazy. You have to retaliate. Otherwise, you'll show weakness.
Again, that's exactly what Hamas says to their fellow Palestinians. We have to strike back. We can't let the Israelis push us around anymore.
And what do we tell them to choose nonviolence instead? I must have said a million times in reference to Hamas and the Palestinians.
So what can I say the same thing to Israel? Why are the Palestinians the only ones who must choose nonviolence? Shouldn't Israel also choose nonviolence?
In fact, a strong have a responsibility to be better than that. They can lead the way toward peace because they know if it comes down to all out war, they can destroy the other side.
Sometimes an older brother doesn't hit back at his younger brother because he knows he can cause more damage than the little guy. That's being smart, responsible, and decent.
Hitting UN's school and killing 30 civilians, mostly children, is not being any of those things.
Three, make a peace deal already. Here's the standard response to this. We're ready to make a peace deal, but the Palestinians will agree.
Arafat walked away from a deal in 2000. They don't want peace. That's horse crap. In negotiations, people accept certain deals and won't accept others. That's completely normal.
Ahood Barack also walked away from that deal because he had an election coming up beginning of 2001. That's also normal. If people don't like deals enough, they walk away from them.
The biggest dispute was over what percentage of the West Bank Israel would keep. That's a perfectly fair dispute. Either side could have given in and taken a lower percentage. Neither side did.
Could Israel have had a deal if they gave up all of the West Bank split Jerusalem and gave the right to return for Palestinian refugees? Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely. Every single negotiator involved in the process will tell you the Palestinians would have taken that deal in a second.
Now if I was Israel, would I take that deal? No, but that's my point. Both sides could have a deal instantly if they gave up a little bit more than they are willing.
So to pretend that only the Palestinians are unwilling to negotiate is silly. Right now Israel says they can't negotiate with Hamas because Hamas won't recognize Israel's right to exist.
Hamas says Israel will not recognize their right to exist, which is true. In fact, Israel just started an invasion to eradicate Hamas. Both sides are ridiculously obstinate.
Again, it's incumbent upon the strong to bend a little, especially if they claim they really, really want peace. But even if you don't want to bend during the negotiations, you want to keep a slightly higher percentage of the West Bank.
Please don't pretend you didn't have a choice. Finally, let me ask you this personal question to give you a sense of what people mean when they say Israel is acting disproportionately.
Let's say you're walking down the street in your local county here gunfire. You have a vague suspicion that someone is firing at you from a nearby school. Would you fire bomb the school just in case?
You know what the answer to that question is if you're a decent human being, no way. You might be scared out of your mind. You might be afraid for your life.
But you're not going to throw a bomb into a school full of children just in case, especially when you're not even sure that's where the shots are coming from.
You would be called a psychopath if you did. But today we hear excuses like, hey, that's what happens in wars. Maybe that's why it's incumbent upon us to try a little harder to avoid wars so that we don't act all like psychopaths when they start.
Thank you. He's good. You want to see his junk, oh, no, thank you. No, I'm good. Are you good? Great. How's that car coming by the way you got that one? Even a note.
Trick down escalate. I can just see you in an escalate talking about a pim. Yeah, yeah. The target is a pim. I should have known it was by Zini all along. That's a great scene in a car. You know, after they have the meetings of the five families.
And Tom Hagen is like shocked. Shocked. Oh, that's great. My paycheck came today. I just got to report from down there. Thanks a lot, jolly. Joe. Don't forget. Half a show is better than none.
Here's a couple about let's see. Uncle Neal dog food is grade D. So that mean that W is lower than dog food.
I guess so. Well, like is it like shoe size? I don't know Jason from plantation says I worked for a freight company that would ship and deliver a sawdust slash slash cat litter looking product to all Taco Bell locations.
The boxes were labeled ground beef filler. Don't eat that. Smith says Jason. How do you like that? Wow. Cat cat food.
Catnip. You know what? I like it just fine. No, you're going to die. Too bad. In fact, you know something I'm going to this weekend just out of spite. There's just approved you. I'll be back on Monday. If I'm out here Monday, you'll know I died from Taco Bell. Okay.
Do you know anybody who doesn't love Taco Bell? No vegetarians. Oh, why they don't have like stuff.
Taco's whether you could look at like cheese and stuff. I don't know without that. Vegetarian options they have. I guess you could order a burrito with no meat. There you go. And certainly with no beans. Oh, hold the beans. Please. That's the only thing I don't like is those mushy beans.
What is that all about? Is it because it's cheap? It's like the Chinese and rice. A lot of people like those mushy beans. No, no, but I'm just saying that isn't that one of the reasons that the certain groups eat a lot of beans like Mexicans, for example. A lot of people like beans.
Mooshy beans. Yeah, I thought we discussed earlier. We don't like mushy man. I don't. Some people do. Oh, break it. You should avoid. You can.
Zero. So what I forgot to do is you have.
It is one way to get attention. It's like driving down the street and have people not gesturing with all five fingers. That's what happens in free society for people to try to draw attention to themselves.
It's a way for people to draw attention. I don't know what the guys cause is, but one thing is for certain. I didn't feel the least that threatened by it.
132 at 560 WQM I shouldn't be reading these articles that are even the slightest.
Oh boy, we're going to get picked up. Here is no. This is a different one. Oh, short. It says subject week. You're understanding of the Israel Palestine situation is clearly at a very superficial level.
Interesting that you have such a strong opinion on something you know so little about. Okay, that's settled. Yeah. And so is every other country in the world other than the USA. Every other country in the world got the same opinion about what Israel is doing, but nevertheless.
And virtually every credible journalist like Robert here who I've got his comment. Second, although the gravity guy points out. He says it's funny. You mentioned Elvis in the context of the Cuban radio stations barging in on QM frequency because Cuban radio actually plays.
Elvis on their radio program stations, they transmit the same station and multiple frequencies effort entire programs of nothing but Elvis songs.
Of course is in most of the world. Elvis made an enormous impact on Cuban youth. He inspired many young guys to emulate him besides those four lads from Liverpool and Cubans were no exception among them. Perhaps the most prominent was Luis Luisito Bravo.
Oh, did I tell you about my the Christmas party? Did you? You're just watching Christmas party. Yeah, I don't know. That was that was a different. That was a dinner. Oh, I don't think this was also a dinner. And we walked into these people's homes and there was music playing on the computer. Okay. Guess who was singing Luis Miguel. Yes.
And being one of the very, very few people in the room speaking any English at all. I said, wow, that's Luis Miguel. Oh, my God. The host of this event was like, Oh, hey.
Because he claimed to be Luis Miguel's number one fan. I said, no, I'm number one. No, no.
Oh, I was a teenager working at a zyrster here in Miami. I met a guy who just seemed like another unreliable employee. Mr. Lot of days came in late. His mother or wife would often call in sick for him. He had less to say.
Dude was drinking probably was soon fired to do. Older Cuban employees who knew him, but were shocked at how steeply it fallen from the pinnacle of fame told me who he was. The Luis Bravo.
Luisito at the height of his fame in the late 50s, early 60s, he was he was called the Elvis Presley of Cuba. But by then he had just become a sad shadow of his former self. Now a pitiful alcoholic.
I think he died just a few months thereafter. He had another victim of the great Cuban revolution says the gravity guy. You ever hear of Luis Bravo? Yeah. I've heard a Joe Bravo. He's a jockey. Oh Luis Bravo. You did hear of? I heard the name.
And and nothing. I've heard somebody say it was he is going to see that cruise. I don't know. One can only assume. Let's see. Here's one that says I love Taco Bell. I eat there regularly. I read an article a few years back that said Taco Bell uses fourth grade meat. This grade is used in dog food probably cat food to second. We noticed the white chunks in the meat. That is bone. So they take meat and the bone grind it up. So I stopped eating there. Well, you people are so negative around Taco.
I don't care. I mean, you know, when you stop and think about all the different kind of food like hot dogs that we have a good guy and every time when you see documentaries about those food processing plants in Chicago or Denver. Whoever they are and Omaha. Good.
And we just pretend that that doesn't go on and that by the time it gets packaged and delivered to us that it's just fine
This can be and sanitary and safe and we sprinkle a little this on that and a little that and it's delicious, you know
Isn't that all pretty much what we care about with who that tastes good?
Oh, no, you're wrong Neil people eat food because it's good for you. Yeah, huh?
Robert's here is this why does so few speak up for Gaza? Oh, there you go again, you don't know what you're talking about
Why are we so indifferent to the death of destruction in Gaza?
He wants to know the major news outlets meekly except that israel's banning of journalists from entering Gaza's and excuse for downplaying
Collateral civilian casualties our president elect Barack Obama's had little to say about an invasion
It'll much complicate his future Middle East peace efforts and most commentators easily rationalize israel's many more eyes for an eye killings
Why is it that there's such widespread acceptance beginning with the apologetic arguments of president Bush that whatever israel does is always justified as
Necessary to the survival of the Jewish state it is not
While the Hamas rocket attacks are reprehensible
There also an ineffectual challenge to israel's enormous security apparatus and the severity of israel's response to them is counterproductive
Clearly the very existence of israel is not now nor is it ever has it ever been seriously challenged by anything the Palestinians did
Not back in 1948 when israel was established as a state within significant Palestinian military resistance north of the time of the
1967 six-day war with Egypt when Egypt Syria and Jordan fought Israel
The Palestinians were in no position to confront the israeli army because those whose lands were not already occupied by israel
We're living under oppressive Egyptian control in Gaza and tough to your Indian rule in the West Bank
After the speedy israeli victory which demolished the myth of the new states of vulnerability the Palestinians became imprisoned as a people by israel for crimes they hadn't committed
Even if we accept the harshest portrayal of the tactics and motives of the Palestinian movements against israel after this to six-day war and
What point did that terrorism represent a serious challenge to the survival of the Jewish people or the state that claims to speak in their name?
Yet their survival is in vote to justify the vastly excessive use of force by the israeli war machine with frequent allusions to the holocaust previously visited upon the Jewish people
I'll haunt holocaust that had nothing to do with the Palestinians or Muslims and everything to do with central Europeans claiming to be Christians
the high moral claim of the Israeli occupation test
Rest not on the objective reality of a Palestinian threat to Israel's survival the rather on the non-sequitur cry that never again
Should harm come to Jews as it did in central central Europe seven decades ago
The basic argument is that Palestinian terrorists represented by Hamas are given to an irrational hatred of Jews
So profound that it invalidates their movement even when they win elections
There was not the view of the Israeli security service when it earlier supported Hamas as the alternative to the dreaded PLO
Also history is replete with examples of terrorists becoming statesmen even within the early ranks of Jews fighting to establish the state of Israel
One of those was Monachem Began who went on to be elected leader of the new state
But before Began attained that respectability back in 1948 when he visited the US a prominent group of Jewish intellectuals including Albert Einstein
Sidney Hook and Hanna Arant wrote a letter to the New York Times warning that Began was a former leader of the Irgun a terrorist right wing
Shovonist organization in Palestine
The letter urged Jews to Sean Began arguing it's inconceivable that those who oppose fascism throughout the world if correctly informed as to Mr
Began's political record and perspectives could add their names in support to the move any represents
Began's new party was then participating in the Israeli election and Einstein and his colleagues many of whom like the physicists had been victims of German fascism
stated today
They speak of freedom democracy and anti imperialism whereas until recently they openly preached the doctrine of the fascist state in its actions
It is in its actions that the terrorist party betrays its real character
Those actions were then detailed in the letter they included the systematic terrorizing of innocent Palestinians
Manimum and children in an effort to force them to flee the territory that Began's party claimed for the new state of Israel
Clearly Began and his political errors who include Benjamin Netanyahu the most likely victor in the next Israeli election
evolved in their behavior
But I bring it up now to highlight the one-sided reporting of the current phase of this interminable conflict and to wonder
Where are the voices that reflect the uncompromising morality of Einstein's generation of Jewish intellectuals willing to acknowledge fault and humanity on both sides of the political equation?
That's Robert Cheers take on it, but he knows so little about it, you know
Right straight to these got such a strong opinion anti-Science
Howard David's a bitch
People hitting homes from work late one night when they fall
The fine on the fast food line they pulled in and gave their order to the girl and the next thing you know
They've started to
And Taco Bell this stomach started to blow
In Taco Bell a burning inside their throat
It had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
That's when they started to blow not feeling well
From the bean burrito you should have skipped the damn Chalupa
You might not have made but super
Next time you pass the sign say no even though it's grilled so it's good to go
People got sick and wish that they're on the gun so they could hunt down the people who think outside the bar
The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut so next time they'll just go to pizza
Not Taco Bell this stomach started to blow from Taco Bell
A burning inside their throat it had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
From the bean burrito
14 or 2 or 5 species of IQMC this is another thing
It's my whatever we like whatever I like you like it's no good. Oh
Here's an email to prove it how does someone talk about the great food in Italy and then talk about craving Taco Bell and Red Lobster
Your taste is unbelievable I didn't like that so I can't even enjoy the foods that I like
Taco Bell haven't been there in the least a year and Red Lobster I don't know maybe two or three times a year
I mean all these times you know you sometimes eat a weenie during the show you know you go in the refrigerator
You get a weenie out you know you've ever taken that much crap in the hot dogs made with lips and floor sweeping
No that's what I was saying before
Right a lot of the stuff that we'd if you knew what was in it you know but we don't want to know and don't investigate
And the body does a great job of like digesting this stuff and the processing it and dumping it out and that's it
Craving Taco Bell and Red Lobster your taste is unbelievable
Would I rather be in Rome right now and go downstairs to my favorite restaurant and have a wonderful bowl of pasta?
Yes but I'm not there
Well why not?
That's a good question I could be not good for my diabetes then neither and either we're going to sell that stuff at Taco Bell
I don't think the chowda is a good either when you think it's got a lot of carbs it's got taters in it probably taters
Bad Dennis says I love the chicken taco sell they had a Taco Bell my wife absolutely hated because like you said they used the lowest quality meat
But what the hell can they do to a chicken? Does anyone know if their chickens are Schmidt? I'm serious I'd like to know since Dennis he's eating the chickens at Taco Bell
You ever see those documentaries about chickens? Oh yeah
They're nervous
Jason Jason just obsessed from plantation keeper Calvin Jason he says try the new Chick-fil-A at the public's plaza sunrise in Flamingo right by my house
I like Chick-fil-A I don't think I've ever had Chick-fil-A that's good
Is it?
Well I'll be damned
And Jason also says in one of his 8,000 emails why don't the 7-0 tribe build a big ass hard rock aceto and gase and give them all a damn job
Yeah, then instead of throwing them little rocks they can throw a hard rock huh?
I'm just really see there you're going again with your anti Israel. Oh here's Amy Goodman on truth dig dot com
Israeli voices for peace just this one more and then we'll be out of time anyway
This is from Amy Goodman's the host of democracy now a daily international TV and radio news hour airing on 500 stations in North America
He says Israel's assault on Gaza by air see in now land is killed at the time of this writing more than 600 Palestinians with more than 2700 injured
10 Israelis have been killed three of them Israeli soldiers killed by friendly fire
Beyond the deaths and injuries the people of Gaza are suffering a dire humanitarian crisis that is dismissed by the Israeli government
There is however Israeli opposition to the military assault
Israeli professor Nive Gordon is chair of the Department of Politics and Government at Ben-Gurian University in the negative
Of southern Israel the region most impacted by the Hamas rockets
Speaking over the phone from beer Shiba Gordon said we just had a rocket about an hour ago not far from our house
My two children have been sleeping in a bomb shelter for the past week and then I think what Israel is doing is outrageous
The problem is that most Israelis say Israel left the Gaza strips three years ago and Hamas is still shooting rockets at us
They forget the details the detail is that Israel maintains sovereignty the detail is that Palestinians live in a cage
The detail is that they don't get basic foodstuffs they don't get electricity they don't get water
And when you forget these kinds of details all you say is why are they still shooting at us?
That's what the media here have been pumping them with then you think this war is rational
If you look at what's been going on with the guys of spirit in the past three years and you see what Israel has been doing to the Palestinians
You would think that the Palestinian resistance is rational and that's what's missing in the mainstream media here
Gordon attended a large peach march a piece march last weekend in Tel Aviv with more than 10,000 other Israelis
Long time Israeli peace activist Yuri on Neri was there he called the invasion of criminal war because on top of everything else it is openly and shamelessly part of Ahoob Barak's and Speak Bee Livney's election campaign
AQ's Barak I've exploiting the Israeli defense for soldiers in order to get more kinesid seats
AQ's Livney of advocating mutual slaughter in order to become Prime Minister Israel's elections will be in February
The assault strengthens right wing the food party leader and former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a foremost hawk and leading candidate for Prime Minister
While Netanyahu fully supports the attack on Gaza his nephew Jonathan Ben-Artsi is an Israeli conscientious objector
Who was court-martialed and imprisoned for a year and a half he spoke to me from Providence Rhode Island where he's a student at Brown University
I'm speaking not as anyone's nephew but as an Israeli trying to speak out to Americans and tell them you don't have to support Israel blindly
Not everything that Israel does is holy sometimes you have to speak firmly to Israel and tell us tell our government stop doing this
Gideon Levy is a Jewish journalist with an Israeli newspaper Haaretz
He told me I think that Israel had this legitimacy to protect its citizens in the southern part of Israel but doing something doesn't mean this brutal and violent operation
I believe we could have gotten a new truth without this bloodshed immediately to send dozens of jets to bomb a totally helpless civilian society with hundreds of bombs
Just today they were bearing five sisters. I mean this is unheard of this cannot go on like this but it is the UN Relief and Workstagency UN RWA and Gaza open up schools to provide shelter since
Gossens trapped in this narrow strip of land had no place to flee Christopher Guinness of UN RWA told me that the agency provided the coordinates of the schools to the Israeli military
Never less at least two schools have been hit by Israeli strikes in the past 24 hours
Three people were killed at the Asm Elementary School more than 30 reported dead more than 55 injured at the Al-Fakura School in the Jevalier refugee camp in Gaza
While Israeli planes dropped pamphlets urging Palestinians to leave the one and a half million residents of the Gaza strip perhaps the most densely populated place on earth have no place to run, no place to hide
Calls for an immediate ceasefire ignored by Israel and blocked by the US government. It's not clear what you about administration will do but the people of Gaza can't wait until the inauguration
There must be a ceasefire now and that's just the beginning
Sazami
All right
And ever less how could you have such strong opinions when you know your knowledge is so superficial now
Right?
What do you know about it?
That's right
You self-hating Jew bastard your grand your parents and your grandparents are ruling in their graves. I doubt it
I don't think they're moving around too much
Angelo in Fort Lauderdale says when you say tacos say Viva Olay
When the sun beats down and burns the top of my head
And when my employees laugh at me I wish I were dead
I got a ball spot and top of me
Yeah
Should I paint it, plant it or cover it it's all up to me
All up to you
He's got a ball spot just like a billion balls
He's got a ball spot I feel three inches tall
He's got a ball spot
Please help me run both heels
He's got a ball spot I know how Larry King feels
He's got a ball spot
Ball spot
Oh when I painted my head my wife she said she's out of here
And when I go to the John the guys are using my head for a mirror
I've got a ball spot on top of me
Yeah
Should I paint it, plant it or cover it it's all up to me
All up to you
He's got a ball spot just like a billion balls
He's got a ball spot I feel three inches tall
He's got a ball spot
He's got a ball spot I know how Larry King feels
He's got a ball spot
Bye bye
