The music press on the previous programs are those of the host's dad, Colin.
And you know that he's doing the music broadcast group in downtown
I understand a lot of people in the outro.
Five, six, seven, eight, two, one.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
I got that soft Florida monger should never come down there.
A warden.
What?
Noidens.
Too late now.
Five, six, eight, two, a.m.
Presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil, dial five, six, seven, oh five, sixty in date and row.
In other counties, call toll free, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil.
Or pound five, sixty on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phone.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colors, do not represent those of WQAM
management staff or sponsors.
Now The Neil Rogers Show on five, sixty, WQAM.
Oh, you're in the way.
Yeah.
As you see, yes.
Hi everybody, it's Britney Spears with an all-new blog update.
So my new song is doing well.
In fact, let me turn on the radio here to see if it's on.
All right, that was Britney Spears with her new number one song.
Five of the charts with a bullet.
I got it with this.
Good.
Take it for a gal with her.
Get out.
Sweather is for it.
It's coming out there.
Wow, I have another number one song.
Awesome.
Oh, excuse me.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
What's up?
I have something I want to tell you.
What?
You know what?
Your reception is bad.
It sounds like you said my Tushy is finding out.
Call me back when you got better reception.
Okay?
I'll do that.
Oh, right.
Oh, you know what would be fun?
I'm going to open up another internet window and look myself up on Google Earth.
Let's see.
Top in my address.
Wow.
There I am sitting on my patio.
Cool.
It looks like my f*** hanging out again.
Well, I guess it's time for another round of clothes shopping.
TTY-L-Y-O.
You know TTY-L-102.
You know, I don't know what I'm doing here today.
I got this naked crud.
You're working and you're working.
You're making some of that money.
Oh, yeah.
An honest man working on his face.
He's a miserable rotten son of a bitch that I mentioned.
Not lately.
Well, let me just mention that now and it is often a second thing of it.
Rotten miserable heartless butcher butcher.
That's Joe Bell.
So how's things going, George?
Great.
How you doing?
Don't ask.
Don't ask.
You know, it's a miracle we have any numbers at all.
Let's see today is the 20th.
10 days from now the winner book comes out.
The last of the regular books.
And you know, we can't say that PP thing anymore.
You didn't get that memo, didn't you?
No, I didn't get the memo.
And here I was talking about it.
And I was in mid-conversation when I was told by Lee that,
hey, we're not supposed to be talking about that.
And I said, what?
It's a news story.
Everybody's talking about it.
How can we can't?
So then I stopped talking.
So, clearance never sent you that memo?
What memo?
Oh, well, like I said.
So I'm down there in South Florida.
And we're driving around and the baseball games on the Marla.
How about those Marlins?
How about are they 10 and 11 and 11?
Some amazing number.
Aren't you impressed with the Marlins?
What?
And of course, they're on the other guys across the street, 790.
And you know, it's coming in loud and queer.
And so I reach over and I flip over to us.
And it's like, hey, what are you talking about, ball?
I mean, how do we get any number at all when we're barely on the air?
If you crank it up about 10 times, you might get the level from across the street.
We're operating at about a tenth of the level.
And of course, what you're all getting is also muffled and like,
like that.
It's a good thing I'm not down there very often because if I had to listen to that every day,
I'd shoot somebody.
Yo, Bell sounds like a perfect candidate to me.
What a heartless bastard.
Oh, but it's business, Neil.
We have to save a lot of money.
Yeah.
So just so I saw on TV, I shouldn't have told you.
Over the weekend on Channel 4 news, you people are almost as crazy as our
management.
You people on Channel 4 Jim DeFetus.
Oh my God.
He is not only fat.
I mean, disgustingly fat, but he looks like he's been shoved into whatever that.
That JC Penning clothing that he's wearing with a shoehorn.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
Looks like he's been shoved into that crap with a shoe horn.
And I think you're being very insensitive.
Yeah, he doesn't belong on a year.
He's he's lovingly.
It's one thing to be fat.
I'm fat, but he's fat and lovingly.
Jesus God.
And they put him on television.
Yeah, they did Jim DeFetus.
He's almost as grotesque looking as that Susan Boyle bitch.
Let's hear a lot more about her.
Oh, just again this morning on all the talk show.
They all they care about.
That's all going on.
Susan Boyle is a big sensation.
And she's never been kissed by a man.
No, she was this and she was that she wasn't ugly.
Nobody would give her that.
That's right.
She's not just ugly.
She is even by British standards.
She is grotesque grotesque.
She looks like a female version of that.
So did you look at that picture that I emailed you?
Oh, no, sorry.
I was doing a show up and stuff.
Let me look at it now.
That's a picture somebody emailed me from an old Zeta appearance
100 years ago.
And it was suspiciously to me like that person standing in front
of the table is that one with the red baseball cap that
yeah, absolutely is absolutely absolutely.
Absolutely.
Correct.
Absolutely.
Right.
Boy, were you fat?
What?
You're fat in that picture.
Well, I was a lot fatter than I am now.
Right.
Still dying.
I'm going to be out soon and all you people waiting to dance
on my grave.
You haven't got long to wait.
All of this cold has got nothing to do with that.
Everybody's got it.
Everybody's got the crud.
And this one's got that real thick green flim associated
with it.
Chunks.
Yeah, chunks too.
Right.
Look up this morning with chunks in my nose.
The side there.
There are planets smaller than the chunks in my nose.
Big dark green chunks.
Those are fun to dig out.
Sure.
But nevertheless.
Green.
Oh, that sounded suspicious.
Like it came from the arse.
No, no, yeah, that's just your filter.
It reminds me that email I got last Wednesday,
April 15 at 747 AM subject, fart sounds.
WKIS 99.9 radio stations have been playing fart sounds
in their comedy bits on the morning show.
What's up?
Isn't Joe Bell G M on at station two?
Yes, he is.
It's a beastly station.
It's a fricking beastly station and joy says in charge
of that piece of crap to kiss.
Now, if there's any truth to that,
it sounds to me like a massive lawsuit.
Like they're picking us out for a special dispensation like
a booger.
Yeah, picking it out.
Just like they picked you out.
Oh, can we fire George and put flee on there?
Neal, what do you think?
See, I didn't say anything on the ear about that for a long
time, but now that you're back, yeah.
I think these people in the audience that think I'm making
it up about Joe Bell, this is a heartless butcher.
Ken Maldon is in the hospital with a broken hip and with
the possibly lung cancer.
I mean, what is there to say is that I mean, we wish you all
the best Ken, what is that?
You know, what what's there to say at this point?
Right?
That's what you just said.
While we do wish them the best for my God, another victim
of Joe Bell and the beastly clan, these people have come in
and just butcher this radio station.
Even at a butcher shop, there's not so much bloodly in
around as there isn't this place.
I don't want to come back from vacation on a negative note.
Why not?
But when I get a phone call a couple weeks ago from a fat ass
loser like Joe Bell, give me a song and a dance about,
oh, flee sound so good on there.
Let's how about it?
What do you think if we just fire George and put flee in
there?
I don't think so.
And it's a dang good thing for you that I got that in for
both of us that we got that my contract about I get to
choose to produce her.
Thanks again.
Have to keep bailing George out as if he's doing something
as as if the amount of money you're making or the amount
of money that Ken was making are going to put a big
debt into those millions of dollars that they're trying to
save everybody's using this fake depression is an excuse.
To lay people off to screw people over to ruin people's
lives.
That's what it's all about.
Who can we f over now?
And they couldn't pick up better loser than jolly joe
Bell to do that.
I mean, he's just he's a loser and an abuser.
Not even a schmoozer.
I'll call you next week.
No, well, thank God he didn't call me last week.
He would have gotten the fastest dial tone in the history
of the subhuman race.
Here's George's pull from Friday.
Which group of people know you the most?
Yeah, I know we did that before, but that's okay.
Got a lot of votes.
1042 votes.
That's pretty heavy duty.
Religious fanatics.
236 Republicans.
130 white people that act black.
120.
129.
Did oh head.
77.
77. See there it is again.
Always wearing a sargley did oh head.
77.
Hip-a-quit's 50.
T-baggers 38.
This whole T-bag thing is just so so tragic.
So pathetic.
Yep.
Illegal immigrants 33.
Right to life for a 31.
Liberals 25.
Nobody annoys me 22.
He must be in a box.
We must have 22 people to hold it from the box.
Nobody annoys them 22.
French Canadians 20.
Nagers for just a short second there.
I thought that that was a different word there.
Right.
That was yeah.
Nagers 19.
People with the Jesus fish under car 19.
I thought we had a head religious fanatics.
A lot of over there.
Yeah.
Creationist 17.
Peter people 16.
Texans 12.
Fat people like Jim DeFetus.
And Joe Bell 10.
Royalty 9.
Grammar Nazis 9.
Gays 9.
Sports holes 6.
What's the difference?
Straight people 4 and hippies 3.
Hippies.
Yeah.
Don't you think the hippie thing is those people miss their chance like 30, 40 years.
Hey, it's never too late to jump on the glan wagon.
Right.
Then I mentioned that Joe Bell is a heartless rotten son of a bitch that I mentioned.
Yeah, I think you did.
And then I'm still, even though I'm on the way out, I'm still hoping to live longer than him.
Dance on his grave.
Now that's my goal.
That's all I got left to a shoot for at this point is to outlive that rotten heartless son of a bitch.
And you'll notice what a good guy was.
I didn't I didn't send you any message.
I didn't call you.
You want vacation.
And I want to spoil your vacation.
Well, thank you.
That would have been really.
Here's one that says Susan Boyle is grotesque.
She looks like a cross between Fred Flintstone and Peter Boyle.
Can she sing Lea Hadodi?
What?
I don't know what that is.
L-E-H-A-D-O-D-I.
Lea Hadodi?
Never.
Well, here's your buddy, John's ETR.
The 4-09-09 show on the archives question mark.
How the hell do I know?
I just got back.
I just sat down in the chair from vacation.
It's bad.
Good.
God.
Suddenly Susan Boyle has been offered a million dollars to do a porn film.
Brandon said to me this.
Oh, let's do the break first and let's brace ourselves for that.
God.
New York.
Yeah.
Goodbye, Charles Nelson Riley.
We rested your head on your favorite pillow that you used to bite.
To help enjoy your underground view.
You're fair.
You'll need a pair of concrete shoes.
Now, maybe better of route to kick it from flooding.
Dumb ball of what's so dumb that when she paid a visit to your grave
Instead of flowers, she placed it to pay.
That purple one yourself fond of.
You were in your day when you couldn't say that you were screaming day.
But that's okay since everybody knew anyway.
You're fair.
And fatty fly out with you.
What the play dumb fellow.
We spread summer sand.
Husband Jack would like to say.
Yeah, he would like to say what he can.
Is he still alive?
As far as I know, Jack Oia Klundman.
As far as I know, 1018 at 560 WQAM.
Can you hear us?
Hello.
Hello.
Is this thing on?
We got to big Oia too.
We got Jim Manage 4-7.
Dolphin Knight 7-8 with the wooden statue, Kim of Oganford, and then DA-8-11.
How is he still hanging on?
I don't know.
God.
Well, I'm not knocking him.
I mean, you can't hear us.
So what?
What kind of number are you going to get?
Probably.
One that starts with a...
Oh!
Maybe a one.
Now, here's something really suspicious.
Almost makes me want to play that sound.
Almost.
Rob Sandford sends an idiotic email, questioned about food.
Neil, I know you're a big fan of food, so I just wanted to ask you if you like fish sticks.
And Brandon, who sent that a couple of things here, says, oh, and by the way, do you like fish sticks?
Yeah, you would have to have seen a soundpark episode to get that.
It's a running gag now.
Oh.
Didn't see it.
And the answer is, no.
I don't like fish, so why would I like fish sticks?
Right.
Oh, so that's what that's all about?
You want to finish the joke just so you can get it?
Yeah.
Do you like fish sticks?
No.
Well, you're not helping me here.
What am I supposed to say?
I'm supposed to say yes, obviously.
Oh, yeah.
You must be a gay fish.
I think I'm having a relapse.
I think I gave Joe Bell the wrong answer.
It should have been a joke.
That's just what everybody else is doing.
You notice I didn't ask you this morning.
Everybody else is doing?
Yeah.
Well, the down is down to 16 points.
Not a good start.
We'll be quiet.
The down is down to 26.
So I saw Jim DeFetus on Channel 4.
And also some new nondescript bobblehead anchors.
Every time I come to town, they got like new anchors on all TV's channels.
Not memorable.
I have no idea what their names are and who would care anyway.
God.
But Jim DeFetus, some moron there at Channel 4 decided to put that thing on the air.
That's got a person.
That's a thing.
It's hard to look at.
He's no Susan Boyle though.
You know something he might be.
Could be the same person.
Yeah.
Let's hear him sing.
Put him on Dancing with the stars when he'd be great on Dancing with the stars.
Oh, I can't wait to see that porno.
I mean, we're going to argue to that in a second.
We're in the middle of a worldwide depression.
And what are the idiots in the media concerned about?
Susan Boyle and just before that, the White House dologue.
I'm not sure who's over here.
Oh, I went nuts about that.
The White House drinkin' water dogs.
The White House drinkin' water dogs.
Every day on every day.
Ugly, ugly.
Yeah.
And you know what a dog lever I am, but not that one.
Big deal.
Who cares?
Right?
I was supposed to care about that.
I think it would have been really great if the dog would have squatted it.
And then before that.
Remember before that it was Michelle Obama's arms.
You know, what about those guns?
What about those arms?
Look at that.
She must work out every day all day long.
So here's one from How about them ranges?
Ranges?
They did it.
They did it.
It ranges.
They had their planned little girls team.
The crap it all suck.
Neil, not only is Susan Boyle the ugliest woman on the planet,
she looks like Joe Bell and Joyce Fitz had a baby and then pooped on it.
But she can't sing for crap either.
She sounds like a wounded moose.
And looks like one, too.
Just another reason to hate the Brits and hate all those reality shows
everyone who watches them should be taken out and shot.
And the way they kept showing that clip with the what's his name?
Simon Cowell, you know, raising the eyebrows.
Oh, wow.
All these other people with these.
Oh, come on.
The world is going to hell on a hand bastion.
We're worried about the presidential ugly dog and ugly Susan Boyle.
Maybe ugly is in now.
Maybe my time is fine.
Hey, there you go.
Now that I'm on the way out.
Go back out there.
I'll be dead soon.
Remember right now, mom.
What?
Stop saying that ma.
No, that's what she always said.
I know.
I know.
I think I'm on the way out.
And then all of a sudden she was on the way out.
She said that today I called her the morning she died.
I think I'm on the way out.
So maybe I should say I'm dying on the hands.
Oh, first available expert on US, US Israeli relations.
Great.
Let's let's books him guess.
All right.
Start writing on a job where Joe Bell is going to fire your ass.
How do you like that?
This is a guy that lies to his teeth right to your face because he's going to work on
treating you out of car, which I'm sure they never had any intent getting you a car.
And they haven't done it.
Yeah.
And then calls me up one day out of the blue.
Oh, what do you think about we fired George and put flea on there?
He sounds so good.
I'm about, you know, like that.
And of course puts flea in a brutal position and puts me in a horrendous position.
I mean, Jesus, God.
There is no chance.
None.
Now, look what you did to the bird.
Yeah, well, the bird was a drag on the show.
That was the problem.
The bird was killing the show butchering the show.
Oh, how can you speak of the dead bird?
Here's one from Brandon suddenly Susan Boyle has been offered a million dollars for porn
film.
It says we want to get this movie shot and out while Susan has the world's attention.
Kick ass pictures for President Mark Kulker says overnight singing sensation Susan Boyle
has been offered a million dollars US to lose her virginity on camera.
The 47 year old received worldwide acclaim after shocking judges on Britain's God talent
with her jaw dropping performance of the Les Miserables song I dreamed a dream.
I dreamed a dream.
Oh, boy.
Now in an attempt to jump on the Scottish singer's wave of popularity, an American porn company
has offered the devout Catholic big bucks to appear in an ex-rated film.
Maybe she could be in there with Jim DeFetus, what do you think?
All right.
Oh, where do I get my copy?
Wow, where are they taking advance from?
Talk about stimuli.
L.A. Times reports kick ass pictures offered a self-proclaimed virgin who's never been kissed.
Hmm, cool incidents.
A million dollars US to lose her virginity on camera.
Boy, I must give the man answer before the week's end.
This week we want to get this movie shot and out while Susan has the world's attention
said company president Mark Kulker's.
Besides after 47 years of virginity, I'm sure Susan is anxious to get something cracking
as soon as possible.
Careful now.
Who is?
Brandon also says, sorry that you didn't enjoy your time here in South Florida last week.
I don't think I said that, did I?
I don't know.
I got sick. I got this nasty cold or allergies or something.
Everybody's sick.
Right.
Everybody sneezing and wheezing.
It's very allergy-esque these days.
Is it really?
I guess it's spring.
Oh, and I got that nasty flim.
It says, I don't blame you one bit for that, but did you stop having any good meals while you were here?
No.
After you and Fleet talked about it a couple weeks ago, I stopped at Hot Dog Heaven,
and their dogs were pretty damn good.
So you asked if the quality of God down doesn't seem like it to me.
It says Brandon.
And I don't like fish sticks, Brandon.
And that's something I get two emails in the same morning asking me that.
It's the gag disorder since that episode.
Oh.
Well, I'm gagging right now.
On a fish stick.
On something.
Oh, you got the big draft coming up this weekend.
Can you feel it?
I'm feeling something.
Got a lot of dead people, by the way.
You know, in the D.A.Y.S.U.C.A.S.
And welcome back to the Mojave de David's show on this.
But Nick Soutalite redidio-de-de-de-de-yo.
Now, here's the latest scores.
It's 77 to 7.
Two to four.
Whatever it is.
You know, I got to tell you, it's good to be back in New York.
And it gives me a chance to get away from that mullet head.
I keep running into every place I go.
Every place I go, I run into that muck-brain.
By the last time, maybe.
Oh, we got a call, yeah.
But Nick Soutalite redidio-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-wo.
And what do you want?
I am old.
Yeah, it's you.
There may be no escape, and you weren't there.
I wonder how it would have been.
The last time I ran into you was at the airport.
Oh, Mr.
Mr.
Yeah.
Are you the one who validates my ticket?
Now, I'm Rachel Maddo and Drake.
Jack!
I need you to validate my tickets.
Ooh!
Round trip to New York!
And what are we running away from today?
Don't crack wise with me.
Don't crack wise.
Just validate my tickets, see?
What did you start my hair for?
It's dancing on the play.
Just validate my ticket, will you?
Yeah, I got it.
Remember, if you're getting off at Newark,
watch your step.
Why?
We don't stop there.
Hey, wait a minute.
This hair is around trip flight.
You only gave me one way.
Can't leave a goal for trying.
Why are you dirty?
Get out from a high back counter.
Oh, again!
And why not?
I'm not wearing any pants.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
But you're gonna rate me no.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
1032 at 560 WQM, I think my voice is coming back a little bit.
Oh, right.
Maybe not.
Maybe not.
You're gonna have a good strong voice when you got this bad signal.
Hey, man.
Can't hear a horse.
Himalayan.
Himalayan.
I'm just embarrassed.
And humiliation didn't be great.
But that was down to 19, and Joe Bell's an ass clown.
207 votes on the pool.
Would you go to a nudist colony and get totally naked?
Huh, that's a Charlie B pool.
I sure hope he wouldn't.
Oh, Mark, can you imagine that?
I'd rather not.
That's a good pool question.
Who's uglier?
Charlie B. Susan Boyle, Jim DeFetus, or the presidential duog.
Have we done an ugly poll in a while?
You wanna do an ugly poll?
You first.
Would you go to a nudist colony and get totally naked?
Sure, I've got nothing to hide.
44.
No, two shy, 36.
No, two fat, 33.
I tried at least once, 20.
I've been asked.
Oh, I'd be too afraid of not measuring up to others 19.
Only if I could drop some weight and get into shape first 18.
I'd be too afraid of getting turned on 10.
No, I'd too ugly 10.
Only if my spouser lover came with me 7.
I'm already a new guy.
Only if I knew, only if no one I knew was there for.
Yeah.
And my religious beliefs forbid that too.
Okay.
Remember that song Don't Forbid Me by Pat Boone on Dot Records?
No, you don't have it, dude.
Right.
Don't forbid me.
But I have it, I'll get it.
You got it?
Don't forbid me.
Those for the days, baby, late 50s, early 60s.
Pat Boone.
Could he belt out an ounce of sound or what?
He sure had a pretty mouth.
The knife's down 234, the NASDAQ's down 51.
Not looking good.
And I don't know why, because back of Merck had a big first quarter.
Been driving its bottom line, TJ.
Gonna be put a little bit about TJ.
And let me ask you something.
Is there some unwritten laws somewhere as CNN
that they can't hire white male anchors?
You notice that almost all of their anchors are like light-complexed dark guys.
I did not notice.
Yeah.
Don Lemon and TJ Holmes, and then that one that I can't stand with the bald head.
They're all like black guys with real light complexions.
TJ Holmes, my ass.
Can you fasten me something?
Yes.
Oh, good.
Just in case what?
Just in case that's different from the copy that you already have.
No.
Looks the same to me.
Well then, there you go.
Well good.
And it's also just as hard to read as the other copy of it.
Well good.
And it must be the same.
It's the same.
Jim DeFetus on Channel 4.
I hope you got a big wide screen.
I thought you could put Dave Gamer and the Humper together
and they would come close.
They don't match up to Jim DeFetus.
Yeah, but at least he's a snappy dresser.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
He makes me look like a fashion plate.
Good.
God, oh my God, I couldn't believe it.
Well, what are they thinking of?
What kind of...
I don't know.
Lunacy is going through their minds to put that on the television.
It's about content, not appearance.
Oh, that I see.
Well, how can you pay attention to content when you're looking at that?
Like Fredo says,
Man doesn't come to Las Vegas and talk to him old green like that.
Like that.
Twenty-trival votes on the pool.
Let's see if those emails are pouring in.
They're trickling.
Neil at Neorodges.com.
I got to get the emails all whipped up again
because I'm sure you didn't do any emails last week.
I did some.
How were the calls?
We were doing all right until like Wednesday or something
and then those people returned.
No.
Those people at Joe Bell has done nothing about getting off the phone?
Yes, those.
Speaking of the phone, two weeks from this past Saturday
is the Kentucky Derby.
Okay.
So the Friday before me,
the day Dave Johnson calls in,
if you'd get that all put together.
Cheers.
Let's see, not to complain about George hosting the show,
says Steven.
But he will anyway.
I actually think he's more relevant than you.
More relevant.
I'm not relevant.
I'm an old funny dirty.
Okay.
Who's just hanging on waiting for the,
waiting for the Grim Reaper.
The Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board.
Isn't that what I'm doing?
Right.
Let me print that out.
Penny slots making lots of sense in Missouri.
Here's a story.
Oh, yeah.
Mark Fidrich's did.
I'll get to all the dead people.
A lot of sports dead people,
which I'm sure you didn't talk about,
because you know who they are.
You know the bird died, Mark Fidrich?
No.
How about the less Kyder?
No.
I know less apt.
A lot of dead sports people.
Okay.
Steven says.
Not to complain about George hosting the show.
I actually think he's more relevant than you.
George is good with flea,
but when that other guy comes in,
I think his name is Josh.
The show sucks because they are all amongst themselves
about inside stuff that nobody understands.
Another thing I hate is something George does a lot.
Let's say you're talking about boobs right before the break.
George says it's 10th, 30th here on all-boob radio
and then proceeds to go into the break.
Do you do that?
Yeah.
All-boob radio?
I want to say anything but all sports.
Oh.
Oh, I see.
Well, I think that's clever.
It's cute.
Let's fire George and make Joe Bell happy.
What do you say?
Probably people think I'm making that up.
It's true story.
I put it on the year to humiliate and degrade our management
and show what I want you to grave robbers and heartless bastards
they really are.
They really are.
You hear the US, Sarron?
Yep.
I just mentioned Joe Bell and right away they got them babies cranked up
coming to cart his fat ass away.
Oh, I'll call you next week, Neil.
His whole goal in life is to be as annoying and destructive
as he possibly can and doing one heck of a job, by the way.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, give a win.
Yeah.
D-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
Let me just say that Marilyn was one of my closest friends in the biz
and her death has hit me so hard.
It's so hard.
Oh, it's so hard.
Oh, oh, I'm going to miss her.
Oh, oh, my God.
Thank me.
How did you apologize, Marilyn Chambers?
I cried.
We had sex in the studio just in honor of her.
Well, good.
You and Flea?
Yeah. Well, some other people that we can't name, but yeah.
The old codger, who sends me some crap here,
ripping people are going to nudist camps because they take their kids.
That's a thing that happens, yeah.
Is it really?
Sure.
Family nudist colonies in camps.
It's like my blood run for them.
The tax protest is a tea bag crowd.
Schleffen, they're little kids along.
And then he gives me a thing here about the Passover pace at Monticello,
which is almost a week ago past.
Are you faxing me something?
Yes.
Wow.
What a comeback here on a Monday.
Two faxes in the first hour.
Anyway, the Passover pace, but I'm even put a boot,
but I never heard of these drivers.
Allen Schwartz.
Mike Kimmelman.
Whoever heard of these guys, we heard a Jackie Moe.
All you got to know is Jackie Moe.
I'll see what George sent along here.
One thing that Susan B.
should not lose her virginity because her voice won't be the same again.
Happy that you're back.
Yeah, I don't understand it, but whatever.
She won't have that wonderful voice.
Yeah.
You people in the media are bunch of crazy people.
There's no question about that.
My ears are all plugged up.
So if it sounds like I'm death-talking to a loud,
I just want somebody to be able to hear me.
What?
With that crap signal we got?
What are we putting out?
How many watts we put now?
About 30 minutes.
Oh, but we got that new stick going up.
We're going to do this.
You know something?
These people talk such a big game about they're going to do this and they'll do that.
They never do anything.
It's a fish stick.
They're going to put up.
Yeah, I believe that.
Boy, that fish stick is going to radiate some heavy duty watts of power.
George says, hey, Neil, since y'all can't play any fart noise.
Don't you love people to say y'all?
I say y'all all the time.
Y'all can't play any fart noises.
Why not just substitute the spoken phrase?
Farts sound in place of a fart sound.
I'm trying to say pithy, he says.
Oh, good.
Where your helmet is.
You just have to do the spoken phrase, fart sound.
Oh, gee, not a raspberry.
Isn't it out of the season for raspberries?
I think it probably is.
I'm not sure.
Isn't it?
In Florida?
It's always seasoned.
No.
Yeah, I know.
Forgetting the sick.
God.
I didn't see anything new and exciting.
No, no, there was nothing.
Of course I didn't go down to Brickley.
You know, I didn't go to Dave County.
I hate it.
But I didn't want to know why.
Because he didn't want to.
Right, I don't want to.
Blackie says, good morning.
Welcome back.
Hope you had a good vacation.
I was in Las Vegas the other weekend.
In between plunging my guts on the blackjack tables and playing grab ass with a cocktail
waitresses.
Sometimes two or three at a time.
I met some people who were from Pembroke Pines.
They were also fans of your show.
We were conversing about all the South Florida personalities who emailed you.
One of the guys at the table lives up in North Carolina.
He said he sees Steve Rondonero on his local news show.
He's also mentioned Steve Rondonero.
I was talking about going back to South Florida for a reunion picnic.
Did you go to the picnic?
No, every day of my life is a picnic.
Okay, blackie?
Did I go to the picnic?
And here's the, here's the coup de grace.
Everyone agreed they were never fans of Greg Vudelle.
Isn't this the kind of stuff you talk about when you go to Vegas all the time?
I also did some investigating on the streets of Vegas.
Word is that Oishmojiu shot Mo Green.
They say it wasn't personal.
It was just business.
Boy, you talk about really, really trying hard, too hard.
Glad you're back.
Keep up the great job on the show.
F. Joe Bell can't wait to get back to Vegas is blackie.
Well, good for you, blackie.
Have a wonderful life.
Oh, Brandon is back again.
He must have had a boring weekend.
He said, you know, it's fine if they want to pay Susan Boyle a million dollars to lose a virginity on camera.
But I wonder how much the guy who's going to get it, who's going to take, who is going to take it, going to get.
You understand that?
Yeah, in other words, the guy, uh, what I know, if she gets a million dollars, I want double that to actually have to go through with it.
Double that.
Oh, I got a list of dead people that will take us to midnight.
Great read twice.
Should start with it.
Oh, and before that, your close personal friend Phil Ark expert on everything in the world says, welcome back to the arrived.
Yours don't drive so many people away.
Please just entertain them for us.
Don't drive so many people away.
Okay.
Wow.
Write that down, put it on a post.
Yeah, stick it in front of the paper.
Now, let's see about some of these dead people.
Less Kyder is dead.
Down goes, and go.
He's spent 50 years as a sportscaster, but was best remembered for his three imaginative summers in Manhattan radio studio,
recreating San Francisco San Francisco Giants baseball games for abandoned fans from the polo grounds.
He died Tuesday and co-kailua Hawaii.
He was 89.
Less Kyder when 1960, it's got a picture here.
He embellished calls by simulating sounds like, oh, Mickey just got one.
But that was the raspberry.
And Mickey didn't play for the Giants.
So excuse me.
Beginning in 1958, the Giants first year in San Francisco and continuing for the next two seasons,
listeners of WINS in New York heard the refrain.
Hi there again, baseball fans.
This is less Kyder with Giants baseball.
The Giants had gone west along with the Brooklyn Dodgers, but they lingered on Kugans bluff and elsewhere in the New York area through Kyder's booming voice and excitable embellishments,
aided by his Western Union ticker,
with his taped crowd noise and a drumstick and a wooden block alongside his microphone.
You'd hear, you know, when the bat made contact like,
like that, you know, not exciting.
That's what you hear, I guess.
When the Giants and Dodgers departed Kyder with sports director WINS,
who was broadcasting Nixon Giants football games and doing pregame and postgame Yankee broadcasts,
as Kyder told it in his 1991 memoir 50 Years Behind the Microphone,
the owner of WINS, J.L. Roy Maccaugh, asked him to do recreations of Giants or Dodgers home games.
L. Roy, you got to be out of your mind, Kyder,
responded sports fans in Manhattan, Jersey, and Westchester are too sophisticated for recreations,
but Maccaugh persisted and Kyder chose the Giants,
which had Willie Mason, a host of talented young players over the aging Dodgers.
Kyder monitored telegraph reports bringing the essential play by playing the WINS studio and filled in the rest,
offering descriptive flourishes based on his best guess as to what was actually happening.
How about that in Marlins?
How about those Indian scoring, 14 runs in a second and against Yankee's unit?
That was sweet. Sweet.
You might not know what kind of pitch struck him in alpha.
You remember what a certain pitcher's key weapon is, Kyder recalled.
You can't see the condition of the field after rain delay,
but you know from your preparation what conditions the stadium is usually in when wet.
Kyder remembered how you use all this research and experience through a creative broadcast.
They may not be correcting every detail, but it's certainly plausible.
It's plausible.
Like let's fire George and make Joe Bell happy.
It's plausible.
What a rascal, man. What a jerk.
Sometimes wearing vermutant shorts and eating popcorn at the mic,
Kyder banged his drumstick against his wooden block to simulate a batter connecting.
His engineer activated tape-slaver, excited crowd or regular crowd,
and on occasion the sound of Boeing.
Once in a while when the ticker accounts stop transmitting or became garbled,
Kyder filled in the time by inventing pitcher catcher conferences on the mound
or batter following off pitch after pitch after pitch after.
During the 59 season, Kyder's recreations were heard by an average of 300,000 listers in New York area.
The Giants finished third and then actually,
while the Dodgers were surprised penniliners.
It goes on and on.
He provided blow by blow for heavyweight championship boxing matches and ABC radio
with Howard Cosell as color commentator.
And Inga goes down.
Inga, Inga, Marjo Hanson and Floyd Patterson.
Who?
You don't remember them?
Oh, yeah. No.
Kyder left.
I know and speaking to Philadelphia, which is where he went.
Guess who else died?
I don't know.
Here he can.
Oh, yeah. I saw that on the news.
Did you see him talk about it? No.
Oh, my God. I got so much stuff here.
Shocking.
Where the hell are all my opets?
I should have put them all together.
But I didn't.
Well.
It's okay. Kill the more time this way.
Oh, it'll kill a lot of time.
It's killing me. I'm on the way out by the way folks.
I'll be dead soon.
Joe Belkin come dance on my grave.
Well, he hates me like poison.
Hates is all, doesn't it?
What?
That's what it was going to.
What would you say?
Hates is all, doesn't he?
Felix Doc Blanchard, one of the 1945 Heisman Trophy,
and team Woodland Davis to form one of the most famous backfields in college football history,
died in this home in Bullfurt, Texas on Saturday.
He was 84.
The doc is dead.
Blanchard and Davis helped lead Armory to a 27-01 record from 1944 to 46.
The only blemish coming in a famous scoreless tie against Notre Dame, Yankee Stadium,
November 746, scoreless tie.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
New York Sun column is George Trevor I described the bruising blanchard as Mr. Inside
and the swifter Davis's Mr. Outside.
Sounds like the old in and out to me.
Along with Notre Dame's famed four horsemen, Mr. Inside, Mr. Outside,
were perhaps college football's most recognizable backfields.
Blackfields.
How about them Marlins, huh?
Oh, boy.
Now you realize that they need that new stadium big time,
because the interest is going to be just phenomenal.
Who is?
Blanchard was the earliest living Heisman Trophy winner till his death.
Davis died of complications from prostate cancer until 2005,
and now the doc is dead.
That's one of many, many.
But before we get to any more dead jocks,
Kirk says, oh, I see.
On his email address, it says Kirk, but then he says,
sit in North Carolina.
You hear the sirens coming?
To take you away.
For a said.
Neil, glad to have you back.
Thanks for all you can do with the joy, breathing down your neck.
That bitch, that heartless idiotic, nincompoop.
Jewish fans, Joel Jetson NFL.
The Jets call the NFL office Wednesday to complain about their first two home games
of the 2009 season being scheduled for Russia,
Shona, and then hours before the start of young Kirk for the two holiest days
in the Jewish counter.
How do you like that proving it's a goi, Shrevelt, huh?
Mm-hmm.
All you crazy goi-em out there.
The Jets are hearing from their fans and Howard Katz,
the NFL senior VP of broadcasting who oversees the creation of the schedule.
There was miscommunication between the Jets and the NFL office
for which I take full responsibility, he said.
All we can continue to do is look and see if there's a solution.
The Jets requested the NFL put them on the road September 20, 27,
the second and third weeks of the season.
Apparently, the Jets also requested not to play the home on those days,
but the message did not get through.
What we have here is a problem, a failure to communicate.
As a result, unless the league does something, some juggling,
Jets ticket holders observe the holidays, won't be able to attend 25% of the team's home games.
New York has the largest Jewish community in the country.
There's 80 billion Jews in New York and even the goi-em is bigiddish.
The Jets are scheduled to play the Patriots at 1 p.m. on September 20 of their home opener.
Russia's Shona.
You are Kipper, the Jewish day of Atomina,
officially begins Sunday, September 27.
The Jets are playing in Tampa at 1 p.m.
The Jets are home against the Titans at 4.15 p.m.
Oi!
The logical solution would have been to put the Jets in the early game in the Johnson the afternoon,
late giving Jets fans time to get home before the start of UM Kipper.
And not only that, but if they're going to play on UM Kipper,
how they're going to eat the good weenies, huh?
How they're going to have a good cheeseburger on UM Kipper?
I don't know.
Bastards.
Crazy, out of control, goi-em.
That's the problem with the world, man.
Too many f'n goi-em.
This is the Neoroncher Show.
Tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet.
This is your brain.
Wock, wock, wock, solid.
Any questions?
Hello, I'm Bernie Coquell.
If you have a loved one,
we're a grizzled bodyguard,
hired to protect you from assassins.
Don't let bullets end their life uncomfortably.
Give them the Bullet Ease Pillow.
The Bullet Ease Pillow won't prevent bullets from killing them,
but it will slow the bullets down,
allowing the bullets to enter their body gently,
and will stop them from snoring permanently.
The Bullet Ease Pillow.
Hold one in front of you now.
Okay, I love it.
I owe $205.60 WQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
If there's such a thing,
I'm a little scratchy, so I'm sorry.
What nice scratchy before I went on vacation.
You absolutely were.
It's a pattern.
What do you mean by that?
You're always scratchy.
I think you're dying.
I think you're on the way out.
I'm dying out of here.
You see, somebody's going to remember you saying that,
and then a couple weeks when I'm dead, they're going,
oh, George, put Neil over me.
I said it bastard.
George has just been waiting in the wings.
I'm a basket.
Right, that's me.
I'm a basket case.
Oh, who did the morning show this morning across the street?
I don't know.
We need a spy report from somebody who knows.
I'll go ask their audience out in the hall.
That's bad.
True, but bad.
Super Saturday's edition for the Florida Marlins.
Fans get to enjoy live music and fireworks
in an effort to increase attendance.
But last weekend's concert lineup has some people angry.
How can there be like a whole bunch of concert times going on
when the Marlins are off to this phenomenal start?
The Marlins.
Artists and Well-known radio personality DJ Lass,
the Power 96, is disgusted with recent comments made about him
on a popular sports talk radio station.
My blood boil.
I've been in this market a long time, said Lass.
The Marlins invited DJ Lass along with rappers Pitbull
and Florida to perform after Saturday's Gatsaw,
Florida.
Florida.
Florida.
York.
York Show host Ed Burliner with 790
of the ticket, a real ass clown, went on the year
that Saturday blasting the three artists,
saying they never should have been invited to perform
because their music is hate-filled and violent.
Pitbull, Florida and DJ Lass are some of the most racist,
hateful, spiteful, criminal lyricists you could ever possibly see
Burliner said in the show, this is gangster edits finest.
This is what happens when you put an ass clown
like Ed Burliner on the year.
By the way, Steve White did the morning show.
I know it's when I said, he does the morning show every day
because they got nobody to do it.
He's the PD, he's the villain, he's the villain.
If you look on their website, they got no morning show even listed.
They don't have a morning show.
And in 10 days when that book comes out, oh my god,
can you imagine?
We're Leonard told his listing audience that the rappers were trash
and not suitable for a family-friendly sport event
such as the Marlins game.
The artists performed the clean versions of their new hits
as thousands stayed to watch, but Burliner says
the Marlins made a poor choice.
Burliner, you're an ass clown, Ed.
You're almost as reviled in the business as Greg Vudelle, not quite.
DJ Lass has the talk shows as wrong and went too far.
He says his music is about fun and partying not violence.
He's demanding a written apology and from Burliner retract his statements.
Listers from both radio stations are chemying and taking sides
but for now Burliner isn't backing down from his criticism.
And DJ Lass, something.
Phone calls put into the Marlins for comment have been returned.
DJ Lass, Florida and Pitbull are all demanding an apology
and say they don't get one, they might sue.
It's a lawsuit, Greg.
It's a lawsuit.
It's a suit.
How do you like that?
Ed Burliner is stirring it up across the street.
What is that?
Oh, Florida.
Florida?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Let me see if I can find that.
Ed Burliner.
I'll find it.
It might take me half hours so but we had a lot of time to kill.
We got almost three hours.
Ed Burliner.
Ass clown.
Ask anybody in the business to say Ed Burliner and they're like,
gasp.
Oh my god, that ass clown.
He's even more revolved.
Not only by Greg but even Johnny Dork.
Haven't heard from Johnny in a while.
Maybe he's visiting the bird's grave.
Ed Burliner.
There you go.
How do you like that?
Ed Burliner.
You'll be dead someday Ed.
Then you'll be sorry.
I'll tell you one thing.
Ed Burliner, he's no.
Dave Lamont.
So let's see the list of people that Joe Bell is going to wind up having killed.
Okay.
By the end of his tenure in this joint.
In addition to it, how much longer can he hold out?
Him personally or the state?
I don't know.
How many more seconds can we endure?
About 30 men.
Here's another dead guy.
Harry Callis, the sincere and sentimental of Philly's broadcaster, who's smokey voice in
singular home run calls for nearly 40 years as much a franchise fixture as the pianist
players red caps died last Monday.
He was 73.
We go today.
We lost our voice today, said Philly's president, David Montgomery.
Oh, wait till you hear this.
Mr. Callis was found unconscious in the broadcast booth before the Philly's game at
Nationals Park in Washington.
He was taken to George Washington University, hospital whose pronounce dead at 120 p.m.
The Philly said, cause the death wasn't announced.
Harry Callis is the Philly said John Cruck, the ex-philly's first baseman now in ESPN
broadcaster.
And he's the next Jackson eyes of broadcaster with one nut, John Cruck.
He's got one ball.
Philly's the nationals official discuss whether to play yesterday's game, but chose to.
Guess who I saw in that massive assault that the Indians did over the Yankees was a great
emor size.
Oh, he had a big game.
He was big.
Grady, more size.
Man, there's a stud.
I'm not sure I like better.
Him or Luke Shen.
Anyway, Philly's the nationals official discuss whether to play the game, but chose to
play because my cover said, Callis would have wanted them to do so.
I don't want to sound callis while I'm reading this, but he was a homeroom.
However, the Philly's plan to visit the White House, it was postponed with no new date
set.
The news of Mr. Callis's death prompted makeshift memorials around Philadelphia and made headlines
on newscasts and websites across the country.
Even George was a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
Cubs contested briefly field in Chicago near Mr. Callis's boyhood home.
Callis of selfie facing Midwestern who arrived here in 1971 with a Philly's move to
the veteran stadium and was their lead announcer when they transitioned to Citizens Bank
Park 33 years later.
Seemingly was born to be a baseball announcer.
And there's a long drive to laugh.
You know, he had a Quaggle.
It was just horrible.
His fans passion for the game is Golden Voice, enthusiasm and enduring personality to
combine to make him a widely respected announcer, but perhaps this hard bit in the city's
most beloved sports figure.
He was so well prepared, had such a great set of pipes, it was a real professional said
veteran Philadelphia broadcaster Bill Campbell who met Mr. Callis replaced with the Philly's.
It was just a wonderful broadcaster.
There's a high drive to write and say, home.
Despite 38 years in Philadelphia, Mr. Callis never abandoned the taste he developed in 1950s
Naperville.
He favored Garrish sports coats, white shoes and belts, and cornball poins and songs.
His innate optimism was best expressed by the lyrics of High Hopes.
The 1950s novelty song that Mr. Callis would gladly and lovingly crew it in bars, press
boxes or buses.
How do you like that?
He's got high hopes.
I shouldn't do that.
That's very chaos.
Yeah.
What?
Perry's dead.
Yes sir.
Oh, we got so many dead people, my God.
The Lord.
What has he, what has he sown?
Mark the bird.
Figures dead.
Who?
I bet you bet you flee would know the bird probably.
Probably.
I bet you Johnny dark.
I bet you Johnny dark would know the bird.
Long live the bird.
The bird is dead.
Let me see what we got going on this outlook express, which is working today by the way.
Not much.
Here's Puerto Rican Ralph.
So are you ready for the NFL draft and George happy for 20?
And welcome back, sir.
You see, he had nothing to say.
So we just put some words on a page.
Some silly words.
Well, there's that Tony Hurts, which is just on CNN again.
Another light complex.
It's far too.
What is that all about?
I don't know.
Maybe it's part of a white male news anchor is it against the law or what?
Other than Wolf Blitzkrieg.
I guess he must be the token of the token for Bison Jew.
A white token.
Yeah, he's token.
Yeah, you'd get into the 420 thing.
Mark the bird.
Fedrich was 19 and 9 and 1976 when the American League of the award and started the mayor.
All star game.
Baseball pictures of throw as he did.
Generally walk like Roger Clemens and talk like Nolan Ryan.
They fit the part.
But Fedrich walked kind of goofy and talked to the ball.
You ever talked to your ball?
Just this morning.
He won games and hearts.
Tigers fans fell in love with them and the fans across the country did too.
Steve Kornacky writes on our honeymoon in that August.
My wife and I saw Fedrich win a game at Tiger Stadium before heading to Niagara Falls.
And on the way back when the American concert of Pine Ob was canceled, we ended up back at Tiger Stadium because Fedrich was pitching.
And believe it or not, we were still married or we are.
Uh, my wife actually wanted to go to those games.
We've seen Fedrich pitch many times during that Magical 76 season, watching from the bleachers as he ran to the mound amid wild cheers.
He'd always bend down and shape the mound with his hands before throwing.
And before releasing the ball, he'd extend his arm and jiggle it, still talking to the ball. He would jiggle it.
He was one of a kind.
Serfen Bird and off-be classic from 63 became the most popular song in Detroit TV and radio stations played it on the days he pitched and on days he didn't pitch.
Serfen Bird.
Well, everybody knows about the bird.
Know that?
Yeah.
Um, he looked like the big bird from Sesame Street.
He was 54 when he died.
Does it say here why he died?
It's pretty young to be croaking at it.
I went at everybody's head.
I'm about to bird.
It doesn't say anything here about why he croaked, just as he died.
He was found dead beneath his truck and it occurred accident in his farm, Barack Obama, Massachusetts.
I guess that's it.
He was short. He was goofy.
He had that one big season and then he busted his arm or something.
That was the end of him.
An accident.
Not a good way to die under your truck?
Sure. I'll take it.
Rather die my sleep.
But you know, you can't pick and choose that.
Yeah, when I've been great if George died under that brand new escalator, you know, that's a really uh, ass, uh, ugliest car.
It's uh, bombastic is what it is.
What do you mean by that?
Like overboard.
Like, yeah, it looks like a tank.
Yeah, that's a meal, Roger.
Well, yours would say tanks.
It's a bottom one though.
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
He bagging together.
Do you not talk with your mouth full?
You make me sick. I'm not throwing up.
Well, I keep the tea bagging.
What is that in your mouth?
Teeth back, good is a ball of blood.
Certain things you never expect to come out of a person's mouth.
What gives you ever just keep your big mouth full?
Sure.
Come keep my knife shut because I'm the secure big mouth.
The next thing I remember is having my knees and my ears.
You have some beauty.
Oh my God.
I just, I don't have a good feeling about this.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can't help but ask how.
Oh my God.
I can't help but ask how.
Oh my God.
It's hard to talk.
You keep like it.
How about I sit on your kinky face while you think about that?
Take a little dip, shake him on the bed.
Take him to a flip, then squeeze.
Take a little dip, shake him on the bed.
Make him do a flip, then squeeze.
Take a little what?
Oh my God. I'm on the roof.
Take a little what?
Oh, 1120 at 560 WQA in my back.
I'm like a dine over here.
I'm dying over here.
Years are plugged up.
I got that nasty.
Although the flames seem to have like subsided.
Well good.
Mm.
Anyway, I've got the 600 emails about how we dine, the bird.
Okay.
His clothes, his shirt got caught in the gears of the truck.
And he suffocated.
I see.
Steve says I was what?
Sounds awful.
Not a good way to go.
Like I said, and that what I said, bad way to go.
I was still living in Detroit when he preached for the Tigers.
He was great entertainment to Steve.
Steve was the white guy who was left living in Detroit in 1976.
He's the one.
He's the one with a token.
Now.
Now.
Here comes a shocking story.
Hitler had only one ball.
Now it all makes sense.
Mm-hmm.
Wouldn't you be a little bit surly too?
Yeah.
I don't know why he blamed the Jews for it, but nevertheless.
An extraordinary account from a German Army medic has finally confirmed what the world long has suspected.
Hitler had only one ball.
War veteran Johann Jambor made the revelation to a priest in the 1960s who wrote it down.
The priest document has now come to light.
23 years after Johann's death.
The war tyrants medical condition has been mocked for years in a British song.
The lyrics are, Hitler has got only one ball.
The other is an Albert Hall.
His mother, the dirty butcher, cut it off when he was small.
Until now, there's never been complete proof Hitler was monarchic.
The medical term for having one testicle, monarchic.
Wow.
I thought that was the head of the monarchy.
But the document tells how Johann saw the proof of the zone eyes in the account.
He revisits the horror of serving as an Army medic in WWI.
He died age 94 and 1985, but it told the secret to priest Francis Pauler who kept an account of their conversation.
Johann's friend Blasius Hanzuk confirmed the priest account of how the medic saved Hitler's life.
He said in 1960, they had their hardest fight in the battle of the Somme.
For several hours Johann and his friends picked up into your soldiers.
He remembers Hitler.
They called him the screamer.
He was very...
The screamer.
He was very noisy.
Hitler was screaming hell, palp.
A screamer, like our governor.
Gae.
Who worked?
Well, they say he worked like two days last year, the governor?
Yes, I'll that story when I was down here.
Your Gae heard governor.
His abdomen and legs were all in blood.
Hitler was injured in the abdomen and lost one testicle.
His first question to the doctor was, well, I'd be able to have children.
Blasius said that when the Nazi swept the power, Johann began to suffer nightmares and blame himself for saving Hitler.
Hitler's genitals had long caused controversy.
Some of them...
Yeah!
It's an area of great consternation.
It's the...
Some historians dismissed the one ball song as propaganda.
But in alleged Soviet autopsy, and Hitler backed it up.
Records show Hitler did suffer a grand injury in the sown.
Now, what is that autopsy crap?
I thought they never found his body or what's in it?
You have a brown.
They found a body.
I heard he was very nice to her, by the way.
Never put a finger on her.
Never anything else.
It's the first time an interview with anyone who treated Hitler during WW1 has come to light.
Dr. Martin Far, senior lecturer at Newcastle University School of Historical Studies,
said this genuinely new twist is fascinating.
Or here's another song.
Gering has got only one ball.
Hitler's are so very small.
Himmler's are so very similar.
And Gerbels has no balls at all.
Cute.
Another British song.
Well, those Brits, you know.
You might mention my name to Rice Master Gering.
Most versions now begin with the line.
Hitler's got one ball.
Others claim that the mother had the missing testicle in the Albert Hall.
Rhymes with.
Ball.
And Saul.
Saul Lapidas.
Committee in Ricky Durbey claimed in a gag during his famous stand-up tour that he's checked
the building out and never found it.
Maybe we can get, we can get heraldor on TV.
There you go.
And Fox News.
Searching for the other ball.
Almost all the versions we've heard Hitler's mother, the mother of the Dirty,
B blank, blank, blank, R being the one who locked it off.
Bitcher.
I don't know.
That's a new one on me.
Must be one of the Brits.
Yeah, Brits.
Silly-ass Brits.
The second verse is, she threw it over Germany, landed in the deep blue sea.
The fishes got out their dishes and had scallops and balls for tea.
Or are.
Yeah.
Oh, those Brits.
Oh, now would you curse either the Queen or what?
I would stab her in the eye with a pencil.
Good.
Kind of like I was my name.
I think Godfather 3 stabbed him in the neck with his glasses.
Yeah.
Now who was that that done that?
Don Luckezi.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about the bad guy.
I'm talking about the hero.
Oh, oh, um, Colin.
Colin.
Who?
Colin.
Uh.
And by the way, my, you know, since my trips to Woodbuy, in my opinion about attacking people has changed 9,000%.
Maybe it's only the loud obnoxious disgusting ones who go to Woodbuy.
And the other ones are.
You're the thing, Neil Rogers.
New at GM, the groundbreaking bankruptcy 0% finance deal of a lifetime.
Get a sleek new 2009 GM car for 0% financing pay for only three months.
And our credit department will be wiped clean along with your debt.
And the car will be yours to keep the new GM bankruptcy 0% finance deal.
We're all going under.
So lose the ethics and come grab some great fucking booby inventory last.
Level 31 or QM, I wanted to do the same thing about what Harry Calle has died from.
No, died in the broadcast booth.
I wonder if he said I'm dying over here before he hit the floor.
You think maybe or maybe not.
Well, somebody will know I got 8,000 emails about the Mark the bird, Fidrich.
Got suffocated by a shirt.
I got caught in some spinning thing under the truck.
Something was spinning.
325 votes on the poll when you go to a nudist colony and get totally naked.
Sure, got nothing to hide.
67.
No, two shy 57.
No, two fat 43.
I tried at least once 34.
Only if I could drop some weight and get in the shape first 30.
I'd be too afraid of not measuring up to others 27.
I'd be too afraid of getting turned on 20.
Not too ugly 14.
I'm already a nudist 13.
Only if my spouse or lover came with me 9.
Only if no one knew I knew was there 8.
And my religious beliefs forbid that 3.
It's because we got heathens on his show.
Right.
We haven't too many religious nuts.
Thank God.
Thank you.
I was speaking of that.
Here's the fake Paul Smith.
Stop before it's too late.
Near you are just back and you are clowning on dead people.
Sir, you have no decency.
Sir, the Lord give it and the Lord take it away all nonbelievers should be on guard.
Man shall not lay with man.
Remember that and get help for your gender identity problem.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
PS the tea parties were great.
I went to the one in Fort Lauderdale.
God's people at work.
You old fag with about 40 Gs.
What's the government takes away your guns?
How are you going to fight?
Gun control works great in Cuba.
From the elunatic to fake Paul Smith.
Oh, you've got some other deaths here at least one.
All right.
You could dance on people's graves all day.
God, I would go on vacation for a week and everybody died.
Yeah, where the audience goes since you came along, Joe Bell.
Oh, they all died.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I mean, the word hate brings to mind a certain level of hostility.
But it doesn't even come close to describing my feelings for this fat ass loser.
Ass clown.
Your buddy, jolly Joe, who's going to get you that car by the way, George?
I'm who was working on it as we speak.
I think Fanny yours.
I know.
Let's fire George and put a flee on air.
He's so good on the air and I need to save $80 billion.
Yeah.
I can't think of some people in that building who could save them some cash.
Yeah, me too.
I don't want to say Ray Perry on the air.
That would be bad.
Actor Jody McCray dies at 74.
Jody McCray with his father, Joel McCray, in Wichita, downtown.
I guess it's a picture.
The sons of actors Joel McCray and Francis D.
He made it, I see the son.
He made a name for himself in the 60s beach party movies.
Do I know who that is?
Jody McCray?
Maybe Pissar, I don't know.
If I saw her, oh, who him?
Him, it.
Jody.
Jody can be a guy's name or a chick's name.
I guess so.
Jody, um, Jody, uh, I don't know.
Jody McCray.
Jody, the pussycat.
McCray's mother was actress Francis D and later became a cattle rager in Mexico
that a cardiac arrest April 4th in Roswell, New Mexico said his brother Peter.
The strapping 6 foot 3 McCray launches acting career in films in 55,
teamed up with his movie star father in the 60 TV Western Wichita town
in which the other McCray played the Marshall and Jody one of his deputies.
Over the next decade, McCray appeared in about 2,000 films and TV shows including the movie Westerns,
the Broken Land, Young Guns of Texas, Law of the Lawless, Young Fury, and Cribe Blood Apache.
The Beechs movies provided a distinct change of pace.
Beginning with Beech Party, the music field 1962 American International Pictures comedy starring
Anetful Nacello and Frankie Avalon, McCray appeared in Muscle Beach Party,
Bikini Beach Pajama Party, Beach Black at Bingo, and how to stuff a wild bikini with your wini.
McCray's character in the Beech movies, which his brother Peter likened to the equivalent of court jester,
he was always the one making gags interrupting the love scenes, was originally called Deadhead and then Bonehead.
A great thing about Jody Frankie Avalon told the Times this week, he was just a real fine gentleman and a lot more...
Yeah.
Fun?
Talented.
Oh.
He really got out of the career being an actor.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
He was very brave, he created this character that was kind of dim, and of course he was the opposite of that.
Recalling the much color McCray Avalon said, he was a well-built, real athletic-looking guy, and he was really a surfer.
He's was on that board and surf.
Surf and turf.
He's dead.
McCray's wife, actress Dusty Ironwing McCray died in 1966.
Dusty Ironwing McCray.
Did you ever hear anything like that?
No.
Dusty Ironwing McCray.
Jody.
We got to be some Jody's.
Some guys.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that I got some on my email.
No.
Oh, Marilyn Chambers, that's old news.
Gads.
Yeah, Timmy Williams.
He says the Marlon suck when they're playing, when they stop playing the Nationals every day, they'll be in fourth place where they belong.
Nice going, Timmy.
How's Mom doing?
Timmy Williams.
Moron.
So nobody knows any guy named Jody?
Not personally.
Well, I mean, famous.
I heard of.
Let me go with it.
Jody.
Jody Rogak.
I don't know who that is.
Editorial fashion and portrait photographer doesn't say male or female.
Jody Fisher.
Fingerstow jazz guitar improv.
You ever hear of him?
No.
It's a guy.
Jody Morris.
Jody Climac.
Hasta la vista, baby.
What was that?
Jody Watley.
Well, don't count.
Unless he's got a high voice.
She does.
That was the point.
Maybe Joe Bell had a point about you, you know?
What's that?
Maybe he had his thumb right on.
Neil.
God.
It's all about Bill Parcell's
and how I want to lick his big, hairy arm pins.
I'm a bigo.
Coming at you from the ESPN Sport Holder.
I'm a little thinner in Epicat.
I mean Epcot.
Wow.
Look at all the interest there is in the world of sports.
Hello?
Hey, what a game by those merleens.
Huh?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I don't normally acknowledge life beyond the world of sports.
But I want to address the rumors right here and now that no matter how much
O equals zero, I'm not going anywhere.
Okay.
I'm in very tight with the management and they're convinced that the sports format is a ratings winner
all across the dial.
When we get that new tower up, you're going to have sports coming out your toaster.
It's not how much we lose our ass, but how much we think we're never wrong.
So I'm staying right here because I live in the world of sports.
Nothing else matters.
Of course.
Ain't no talk of women at all.
I fantasize about balls rock solid.
I'm 45.
I'm a lot of ball talk to the news that goes right in with the all sports format.
Sure.
I have a lot of balls.
How could I forget?
Jody was my buddy indeed indeed what you talk about him all the time.
He and his wife were both big fans.
He was hot.
I think Roger Nielsen had a thing for him.
But anyway, Jody Hall former panther also played for a bunch of other teams.
And Jody Davis from the Cubs catcher in the 80s Jody all these Jody jocks and buffies brother and family affair.
Right?
Jody.
That's right.
Seems to me also there was a Jody a singer.
And I keep thinking the song was endless love but that was Diana Ross and Lionel Richie.
Yeah.
But it was something like that.
Jody somebody.
Jody Schminderick.
I mean, not that it's important, but Jody Hamilton's his brand.
It was a wrestler and he ran a very successful wrestling school in Georgia.
Well, how about that?
How about that?
Not exciting?
That is.
Well, how about that?
How about that?
Wrestling crap.
It's kind of like gay.
Well now I've got a whole...
A whole bunch of stuff.
Old stuff.
Pre-vecations of.
All right.
Chuck and Chicago says I just heard you say you know the streaming on WQM is working.
Sorry about that, but it doesn't sound like you'll get this today anyway.
It's a freaking miracle you were able to put a show on here with all of the technical BS you have to deal with.
What's even more amazing is nobody seems to care about fixing the problems under one show that makes money for the station.
Just chuck and Chicago.
You got a chuck.
But we don't, you know, we don't worry about those things.
Do you?
You know, what's the point?
Just get that check coming every couple of weeks.
I mean, we could it wouldn't do any good.
You just try to make it crazy.
That's right.
That's right.
Go nuts.
The Dow's down to 28 points.
No, not good.
Not good.
You know I actually had a good meal on air candidate yesterday coming back up.
Wow.
It was prime rib.
You know, mystery meat.
You never even know exactly when you give you some meat dish on a plane.
Mystery meat.
It was good.
It was cooked just right, not raw, not red, and some potatoes like a rotten.
What do you call like scallop potatoes?
Okay.
With a little few veggies in there.
It was damn good.
It was edible.
Well, good.
Mark that down on the calendar.
Chocolate up for a scared Canada.
Oh, here we go.
Tom Jicke has got a QM fiery port.
Not the real Tom Jicke.
Heard Robert Greeper on with Adam Cooperstein Sunday.
Also heard Bokeh Brian calling his mohauer David on Steve Geldie.
Call was around 12.05 p.m.
Geldie said he wishes you and George would let up on poor Moe.
Oh, yeah.
George and Flea were really good last week.
Well, thank God for that.
There's a little Tommy, fake Tommy Jicke, who has nothing, nothing going on.
But oh, dirty Hitler's mother was a dirty bugger, not bitcher.
Buggler, bugger, bugger, bugger, bugger.
What?
Buggler, yeah.
Thank you so much.
Whew.
It's only 12 minutes till noon.
You've got to be schmitting me.
You can do it.
I can do what?
See what would really help?
And of course, it's raining like crazy here all day.
If I get to look out the window and see if it's like the rain is let up.
What I could do is put my clothes on.
Yeah.
Real fast.
Run across the street to the note speaking.
There's a little market and give me some like calls mental liftists.
Like these here?
Yeah, like those that you got there.
Maybe you could put those in the towel.
I'll mail them to you.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
You may have made some confrots.
That always works really well.
You know, me made some confrots and some steroids too would be good.
Okay, I'll put them in the same bag.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
What do you think of my plan?
Could you handle it for like 10 minutes?
Are you serious?
Yeah, whatever.
I'll do it.
Sure.
I'm smelling you, man.
I need something.
A little something, something?
I could make a little bit of tea though.
I don't like tea.
And never does anything for me anyway.
It just burns your tongue.
It burns.
It helps.
It helps what?
It helps the people that are peddling that crap.
Yeah, it helps.
But a haul is on the other hand.
A haul is what's the other one I like?
The Rikola?
Rikola.
Yeah.
The sugar free, of course.
I got to get my blood sugar down this week.
Or I'm going to be dead by next week.
That's a promise.
Okay.
Good.
Got to do it.
Do it.
I've eaten nothing today.
I didn't even have my bacon.
I didn't have any carbs in that.
One?
It ain't worth it.
What ain't worth it?
Whatever you're going to eat ain't worth dying over.
Over the last 30 years a Nashville Tennessee teacher invited teenagers over to his house,
gave them drugs and alcohol, and secretly recorded them having sex,
according to local police and federal prosecutors.
Lewis J. Levine.
Levine.
Oi!
Who taught in several Nashville area schools and had worked at Youth Camps in the local science
museum was the rest of the last Tuesday in child pornography charges,
and allegedly admitted to at least one incident in recording a teen performing a sex act.
Police and federal prosecutors say they continue to investigate Levine,
who allegedly invited students over to drink and do drugs,
and then allowed them to use a small building behind his house known as
the Little House, staffed sex, which he secretly recorded.
The Little House.
Mm-hmm.
Levine also recorded sexual activity in a room inside the house called the Isolation Chamber,
which contained a water bed covered with a wooden box,
according to a statement released by the Nashville police.
Levine was charged in federal court with producing child pornography,
faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted.
He scheduled to have a preliminary hearing, let's see what's it in,
and the last Friday morning,
police say they also expect to file state charges against Levine.
He hasn't entered a formal plea, and he's been held in police custody since his arrest.
He hasn't been indicted, much less convicted,
and our office looks forward to defending him against these charges,
and to be defense attorney Humundi,
who ended Alaska's judge to release Levine on bail to hearing.
Nashville police refused to come in on the charges of the investigation outside of the press release.
On some occasions, Levine allegedly gave the teen's drugs,
including marijuana and ecstasy,
according to a criminal complaint filed in the case.
The alleged incidents are believed to have occurred over a period of three decades,
and several adults who were teenagers during the 70s, 80s,
told police similar stories of drugs and sex at Levine's home.
Sounds like a fun place.
When confronted by detectives,
Levine allegedly admitted to secretly taping a boy masturbating
and then climbing into bed with a boy.
So, Sunday, it looks that there's differently than I do,
Levine allegedly set a corner of the complaint.
Police say when they search Levine's house,
they find more than 400 homemade tapes.
According to what I said, David, from a national one.
Yeah, he was a wild guy.
Yeah.
So, what do you think of my idea about going to the...
I'm serious about that.
Yeah, okay.
It's like maybe 10, 15, 20 minutes an hour.
Police say when...
What?
When they searched Levine's house, they found more than 400 homemade tapes.
According to what I said, David, from a national police detective,
a tape found a Levine's camcorder
at footage of people who appear to be teenagers engaged in sex acts.
National police began investigating Levine March 25 after receiving a call
from a parent of one of the alleged victims.
Levine was most recently working full-time
in Murphreesboro School System, where he taught science...
The school system placed Levine.
What was that movie with John Stockwell?
My science project?
Was that what that was?
My tutor, my teacher.
I thought the no.
My science project.
I'll miss that one.
The school system placed Levine Levine, whatever his name is on,
administratively April 1, no fooling when a administrator is learning
the investigation and moved to Fireham.
He also worked as a substitute teacher for the Metro National School since 2002.
He worked two full days in a half a day during the most recent school year.
It's been removed from these substitute teachers list.
I don't know how he's got time to be too.
I know what he's teaching.
How do you like that for a real prevert?
Wow.
367 votes on our marginal poll about...
Newtis counties.
I don't think there's like a...
I mean, I don't know.
Although I remember from the nude beach there, what is it all over?
That's the one.
Ugly, ugly, ugly people.
You don't see how people run around naked.
This is what I've heard.
Ugly people.
Gross.
Ooh.
I mean, why would really attractive people feel the need to go to when we're just kind?
I think everybody feel bad?
That's the only way that I'd go is if.
If what?
If I was really attractive.
Oh.
But even this.
In some other words, you'd go there to be looked at and not to be looking not to be...
Oh, yeah.
That's the thing.
No matter at every point in my life, I was always really...
Oh, Stephen Hawking is very early.
He's been rushed to the hospital.
Oh, no.
He's not looking to get in that picture there.
He never did.
No.
Stephen Hawking's not doing good.
Wouldn't that be something if he croaked too this week?
Oh, I need a comb and a paper, though.
We've got so many dead people.
I'm on the verge, man.
I'm on a way out.
I robot starring Stephen Hawking.
The problem is all inside your head.
She said to me.
You didn't know he had a singing creative idea.
Okay, save those for when I go to the store.
All right.
I'll play all Stephen Hawking.
A Stephen Hawking block.
Good.
We'll call it Stephen blocking.
See what I should do if I didn't have this live spot right now is going to get my pantaloonies and slip them on.
Right.
Real fast.
I'll do that.
Don't do the break, though, yet, because I got a spot.
Okay.
Let me just go put my pants on.
Hey.
Oh.
On its skipping, of course.
Try it again.
Oh, there we go.
Stephen gets a vacuum.
What they start singing.
You can do it.
You can actually put your pants on.
Yeah.
You back?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Yeah, but now I want to put on my shoes.
Jess.
I got my coat on.
Sure, don't have to choose.
And my shirt and my pants.
Oh, these shoes.
These shoes, man.
Oh, my God.
I'm already a rock and rollin' to go.
All right.
Do the spot.
Neil God, WQL, where the bag is.
I'm a disciple of science.
I know the universe is in full compliance with natural laws.
But many places, why is science in a pseudo-science of blacks and morons and fools?
Because their education is deficient.
They put faith in omniscience.
They believe being who control their faith.
But the arcane did it.
They did it.
They're holy, revenge-the-least-fit legit.
It's a bunch of books.
They need to read a book that's not so damn good.
But reason take holes.
A truth of each hole.
They're probably already too hard on.
They're drawn.
The conclusion for them.
But maybe there is still hope for the young.
If they reject the done things, one from the turns of the ignorance.
Who will call themselves teachers and listen to this title there?
Science teachers.
The online faith.
They place the lies.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
What needs more of his science.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
Fundamentally it's morons.
To hell with the whole lot of them.
What I ate on a skull.
He science doesn't lie.
He blink your smart.
Born a line behind me.
You won't find me.
Truth to tell.
To the man who suffers from a very lightly opposite impact.
A got time to interact with crystal, wearing freaks in need of a snake.
New age fun creatures don't get me started.
Made more sense to them.
The last time I parted not to put through finer point upon it.
But the whole new age movement is growing.
Please allow me to, D-L-A-H, explain it.
Expersiate.
Remastered projection as I go man.
He hits a mishmash of hideous.
Instead of the arcade worship of seasons.
They show the score.
dogs.
Don'tongs.
When I want to do that.
Free for GP.
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go back to the
place where I'm gonna go
12 to 4, 560 QAM hey Lee how
you doing man?
Hey it's like a it's Groundhog day
It's like an encore yeah you ever
feel like uh you know like you
just walked off the stage and
you went ahead and took your shoes
off and everything that no no no
the other guy is like is running
late so we got to come back
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
mention the outrage that I
already expressed to you off
the air but that's that's the one
outrageous thing it's not so
it's not anything else it's just
that as I don't only want to go
listen whatever um only in the
world of Neo we we do what we
can do uh fill the vacuum
whenever possible but I'm glad
that we got this opportunity
Oh what you're back already are
you kidding me?
That was quick yeah hey thank you
you see later all right see
we'll talk about that over the
bands next time next time he needs
to go to the bathroom or
something well that was quick
Lee come in there hold your hand
for like four minutes we were
gonna have a conversation that we
didn't get to finish uh on
Friday and so I didn't know I
thought you were gonna be gone 20
minutes you said 15 about
jobel wanting to fire your ass?
Sure we were gonna maybe talk
about that
Did Lee mention that jobel is a
backstabbing butcher and a piece
of craft?
No of course not.
Why not?
All because he's a butt.
I didn't get me um whatever I
said recall how they had those
but was sugar.
So I got oxygen.
Said what now?
Made by halls.
I never heard of them.
Hall's oxygen sugar-free sans sucra
see?
See?
See this?
Oh it's kind of a little bit
of sugar in so I can play that
game.
What?
Now it's got carbs in it.
But boy just this one piece
has just set me free.
So thank you so much for
giving me that uh thing.
No problem I played some um
MC Hawking.
Or did you?
Yeah.
Worked that right.
Why do I back really quick?
Didn't it?
Did.
Must have ran.
No I did not.
Not the roller skid.
And the bad part of it is it's
blustery and it's dripping and oh
it is nasty.
Yeah.
This weekend when I was down there
of course the weather there was
fabulous but it was uh like 70 here
on Friday and Saturday.
Yeah.
And now it's freezing again.
And dripping but this weekend it's
going to be 72 and 71.
It's going to be toasty baby.
Finally.
The weather here sucks.
Kukos says,
damn if Hitler did that with one ball
imagine what he would have done
with a full set of balls.
Oh.
He's probably bitter.
See.
Yeah.
Well look at this.
Here's one from the Fakillary King.
It's about time the Faker's got on here.
You probably chased him away last week.
Gee.
Thanks for that.
Oh Johnny Oroz,
top jockey at 17 year old Dyson A7.
Never heard of him.
Johnny Oroz.
No.
Yeah.
He rode out of nowhere to become
a for a time nations leading jockey.
Diet April 3rd and Palm Harbor,
Florida.
He was 87.
And there's a picture.
John Oroz gives his horse Miss
Buckeau a kiss after winning a race
May 12th 1938.
Isn't that emotional?
He gave the house a big kiss.
Oh, here's the whole thing about bedbugs.
I think I'm done with the bedbugs in the
and the all that talk about bedbugs
uh got me like thinking that I have them now.
Really?
Yeah.
Good from nothing to all of a sudden.
Oh my god.
I think we have that.
Jody Watley looking for a new love.
Have you ever heard Jody Watley?
I was playing some earlier.
No.
Yeah, I was.
You were?
That's exactly what I was playing.
Well then why didn't you know it Jody?
That she's a chick.
Oh.
Jesus.
Some of you people are so effing stupid.
It's terrifying to me.
We're looking for a Jody guy.
Not a chick.
A guy.
I would have been back a little bit
sooner except that um
some I think chick
good on the elevator.
And we're stopping on the second floor.
On the gym.
That bitch.
I think it was a chick.
It had I think boobs.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I'm not really sure what gender was.
I see.
Can't be tell.
No.
You could ask.
But it did appear to have boobs.
Yeah, are you a guy or a chick?
Say what's a pack and honey?
Oh god no.
It was nasty looking.
Anyway, the fake Luricains says welcome back,
uncle Linlow.
I hate to say it, but little Georgian fleece sounded good.
Whoa.
It's a lot more fun to say, George Sucks.
I too heard Moe Howard David calling on Gully.
It was fun to hear Gully's reaction to Moe's
doi doi doi.
It had to be Boko.
Gully said he heard George lead last week.
Even George plays the most stuff.
Said it was time to let up on Moe.
No chance.
Yesterday was last day the season of Gulf Stream says,
Larry, they have a great complex
still expanding.
How does compared to Woodbine?
Have you heard about the $100,000
or the $100,000 food casino being constructed
called her?
Should be great opens this Friday.
Good sponsorship opportunity for fleece.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Is fleece salesman now too?
I think he's everything.
He's the promotion guy.
Right.
He's the one who's trying to take over your job.
He's the acting sales director.
He's an on air guy and he's been well acting PD.
He's acting.
He's the only one that does.
Where's Clarence?
He's running around.
He take off the rest of the year to go get married.
I don't know.
So Clarence is getting married and the
Zack W.
Crances getting married.
Oh my god.
And the beast already got married and reproduced.
Whoa.
I'm going to sneeze in a second.
That was down almost 300 points.
Oh, 232.
I'm sorry.
Here we go.
Oh.
Wow.
That was very emotional.
Let's sneeze.
Good.
Good.
And here's from the fake Larry King.
This was from the fifth race yesterday.
The five was the chalk puked in the stretch.
It lost 100 bucks.
Well, two bad Larry.
I don't open attachments.
Okay.
They keep sending me attachments.
God.
That is just.
Oh, here's one from the dead Joey car.
Culp author J.G. Ballard dies at 78.
They were heard J.G. Ballard.
Nope.
From the BBC.
Oh, that got no fame for novels such as
crash and empire of the sun.
Died 78 after a long illness.
I'm dying today.
I'll be dead soon.
Jody finding.
My name is Jody and I'm a guy made high school lots of
fun says Jody.
Well, thanks Jody.
See there you go.
We got an email from a guy named Jody.
How do you like that?
You little faith.
Well, I've said to this hall's oxygen is done wonders.
You notice the difference?
It's like oxygen.
God.
It looked like flame, but it's not.
Let's see.
Oh, here's Hock Mark.
Hock Mark your friend from across the street.
My buddy.
You're good buddy.
Your Gulfstream pal.
Yep.
They're coming in today.
The emails they're trickling in.
Not like an outpouring like you expect.
Larry says this is another Larry.
If you saw what some of these people look like at
nudist camps, you would throw up.
Not that I'm very handsome.
Only if you go to the south of France,
where they go naked at the beaches.
Whatever that means.
You know what that means?
Only if you go to the south of French and France,
they go naked at the beaches.
I know.
I guess.
Oh, Kenny Rogers, where have you been?
I just put on the AM radio.
Her neil was back on.
I was happy to hear your back, but there's something
that I'm going to do.
Different about the way your voice sounds.
Anyone hear the difference?
You sound older or something.
And maybe it's the fact that I got a bag cold.
Maybe that might be it.
Kenny, you idiot.
You asked clown.
George and Flea were great,
but once baseball starts at around 1 p.m. or so,
I usually turn off the show early now.
Love, love, love.
The Kenny Rogers, yeah.
Once baseball starts.
George, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
George, Joe D. Powell.
Yeah.
Now that you mentioned it, there was Hamilton,
Jordan, and Joe D. Powell, and
Judy Powell, and a whole bunch of red necks.
Good old boys.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
This is I with this new.
Did Alaska Governor Sarah Palin know her daughter, Bristol,
was having sex.
Darn right.
In the darkest of places in the gut.
I've been there with Joe, the plumber, and Joe six pack,
and four bears.
We'll show you some racing clips.
It's enormous for.
Oh, poor Levi, man.
So under misunderstood.
Where we see the naked pictures of Levi.
Levi, Johnston.
Yeah, yeah, Levi's Johnston.
Yeah, we see the pictures of Levi with the,
I think without the Levi.
I think Bristol has them.
What?
How's it going, eh?
Well, I tell you, this oxygen is sure perked me right up.
Not.
Well, good.
Now.
So anyway, Hawk Mark says, long time no speak.
Been a long time, but here working hard, try to sell, sell spots for the station.
I've continued, listen, of course, but have to complain.
I know you get enough of these, but this one is merited.
Who put this Adam Cooperstein on the air?
He has such a capital as clown.
I was driving on a Sunday morning.
Not always.
He takes shots at us, but he's taking shots at other producers
at that station instead of taking on the on the air talent.
He took a shot at you, George, out of nowhere.
Saying some guy named David Lang was an ignorant punk.
What's up with that guy?
I'm back in the ill and better than ever since Hawk Mark.
boring.
Yeah, who's going to be doing a morning show on that station?
Hawk Mark, Hawk Marnerskane, China, huh?
What kind of a radio station is it without a morning show?
I don't know.
PD shows up every morning.
Well, we don't have a morning guy yet,
but here I am.
I suck, but you know,
kind of a freaking joke is that.
How about the Marlins?
Marlins?
The Marlins, yeah.
You're not excited about the Marlins.
You're not jumping on the bed, man.
Always excited as I have a ram.
Yeah, not.
Hey, Neil, how about those cubbies?
Get out of the bandwagon.
Remember that guy?
Yeah.
Then they got swept into playoffs.
They stunk the joint out, the usual embarrassment.
Those people are sick.
Oh, Phil Latsman says, uh, Jody Hall.
Yeah, we've already been there done that.
Thanks, Phil.
Jody Hall.
They're not meant to.
Joy Reynolds says, if you heard Joey Carr is dead
and the subject dining and dancing, yeah, we heard.
Yeah, we heard that story.
407 on the pole.
It's not not too good.
It's the new pole though.
It's a bad pole.
It does before.
Yeah.
And now we know why.
I don't want to talk with this, um, because then what's his name?
Ben, the Schmurler, whatever his name is.
Vashmigal.
Oh, yeah.
He'll be, he'll be emailing.
Oh, there you go.
It's not bad enough.
You're a talk with food in your mouth.
But now you got damn cough drops in there.
It's better when you're talking.
Kenny Rammer says a central Florida woman who fatally shot her 20 year old son
and then killed herself at a shooting range left recorded messages saying
she was the anti-Christ and she needed to save her son.
Come on, son.
I want to save you.
There you go.
In a rambling, kiri audio recording left for her boyfriend and authorities
as well as a shorter suicide note.
Marie Moore, 44, apologized several times and said repeatedly,
I had to send my son to heaven and myself to hell.
Oh, God.
Castlebury, Florida.
That's where the old dog track used to be
in the harness track.
Semmeledowns.
I wonder if it's still there, the dog track.
Castlebury right outside of Orlando.
You've been there?
No.
That's where they have those big horse flies, the size of rabbits.
Oh my God.
Authorities said Wednesday they still had no motor for the murder suicide.
The shot follow customers and employees at the straight shoot range in Castlebury
about 10 miles north of Orlando on Sunday.
We have no clue.
I don't even want to begin to speculate.
So definitely he's chief Bill McNeil of the Castlebury police.
The gun range is security video shows 20 year old Mitchell Moore
taking him at a target in a booth when his mother 44 walks up behind and points a gun at the
back of his head.
In the next frame, the son is seen falling to the ground and nearby patron appears to alert others
as he points to the unseen carnage.
The gun use was rented at the range.
Well, that's that's convenient.
Sure.
The Coen to a police report earlier footage from the surveillance video shows the mother and son
taking turns shooting and talking with other customers in the adjacent lane.
They seem to be getting along fine.
One of the responding officers said the son died of the scene.
Marie Moore was still alive on officers arrived at the range but later died at hospital.
Thank God.
Mitchell's father Charles Moore told police.
Marie Moore had a history of mental illness, had previous attempted suicide,
and been involuntarily committed to a mental hospital in 2002.
Out of the Florida law known as the Baker Act.
Oh, that's what I need.
I need to be Baker Acted.
I'm a crazy person.
Okay.
Although at least I recognize that I admit it.
Did you read that one story about diabetes and dementia?
No.
Oh, well, maybe I'll send you a copy.
Well, what does that mean?
That diabetes leads to dementia.
Get out of here.
See you.
I'm going to go get some cop crops.
Are you serious?
I'll find it and send it to you.
Marie Moore refers to the incident in record she left for a police and shoots grade saying she's spent
year a year in and out of a mental home but insisted I'm not sick.
Not anymore.
She's not.
Not.
Family members found the audio tapes on the suicide notes laid Monday gave them the police.
I'm sorry to do this in your place of business but I had to save my son one message.
Said God made me a queen and I failed.
I'm a fallen angel.
Turn me into the anti-Christ.
God made me a queen.
But I'm not the anti-Christ.
Not yet.
Although that one bitch said I was.
Remember that voicemail?
Yeah.
You're the devil.
More said she could have killed only herself.
But felt she had a safer son and do it in a public way so the world could be saved.
Hopefully when I die there'll be a thousand years of peace she said.
Oh.
And it goes on.
Red necks with guns man.
Not a good combination.
Crazy people with guns.
Punks with guns.
Farges with guns.
All these things.
Meritle bliss plummets after birth of first child.
Don't take that long.
The news won't shock many parents.
It says having a kid puts a sudden drastic strain on a marriage
according to new research from the University of Denver.
For 90% of couples, Meritle bliss dives within a year after the birth of the first child.
But don't assume staying childless is the secret to make a marriage happier over the long haul.
Ask George about it.
He'll tell you how to make a marriage.
The eight year study of 218 Denver area couples found that while those who had a child
experienced that immediate dip in Meritle satisfaction,
couples who did not also became less happy just gradually.
Couples who were the most romantic before children got the biggest jolt at baby time
said, Scott Stanley, a deuce psychology professor,
couples who had babies right away.
Within a year or so getting married,
a couple's midlomerate comes also had more substantial drops and meritle satisfaction.
Declinzer, how is so much your name doing by the way?
Susan Boyle.
Oh yeah.
Just waiting to find it.
Just waiting to be kissed by a guy.
I wonder if her mother ever gave her a little kiss on the push.
Declinzer somewhat normal in marriage, Stanley said,
for those having children,
there are going to be more concentrated around the time that you have children.
What the study doesn't capture, the richer longer-lasting contentment that comes with building a family,
he said.
George can tell you all about that.
Yep.
Nobody loses a strain on the marriage from having children.
A lot of couples gain this sort of deeper thing that you're growing as a family said, Stanley,
author of fighting for your marriage.
Proof of that perhaps is the divorce rate slightly lower among couples with kids.
You hear that?
Uh-huh.
The research published in the journal of personality and social psychology
is significant because it followed couples for eight years going deeper than many previous studies
and refining prior research.
Much of the prior research linking decreased marital happiness to children,
uh, compared what?
Decreased marital happiness to children compared parents with non-parents who typically don't
have a lot in common anyway.
The DU study done with Texas A&M University followed couples beginning before the birth of
their first child and it goes on and on.
People involved in the study also had to answer yearly questionnaires about their marriage,
including rating their happiness on a scale of one to seven.
Oh, and it looked out to George's choice before the one.
There's a-
Oh!
Am I right?
Right.
A zero.
The big rock solid.
Oh!
Oh, he'll be on a two o'clock and a lot of people are asking why.
Many of us may not be getting enough.
Were you practicing safe sex?
Yeah.
Even when the baby was conceived?
We were.
And so there were just wardrobe malfunctions?
I guess.
Yeah?
Really?
Yeah, I guess so.
Every time you practice safe sex?
Yeah.
Every time.
Levi.
Most of the time.
Most of the time.
There's two boxes and one says Sarah Palin for president and the other one says Barack Obama.
Which one are you checking?
I still like him out of both Sarah Palin.
Oh, okay.
What did he say?
I had to hear it played again.
Oh.
Back it up.
Back it up.
Beep.
Beep.
Okay.
There's two boxes and one says Sarah Palin for president and the other one says Barack Obama.
Which one are you checking?
I still like him out of both Sarah Palin.
Oh, okay.
Why?
Yeah.
He's going to vote for Sarah Palin.
Is that what he said?
That's not what he said.
I'm still liking it.
I'll bet.
He said I'm still liking the stuff in there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even when the baby was conceived?
Okay.
Well, that's enough of that.
Levi.
We're Levi intensive today.
Well, he shares a pretty boy.
For a very guy.
Much too pretty for that bitch.
But you know, I guess it was easy.
Yeah.
Five easy pieces.
Now this thing that you sent me,
see, sometimes you bark before you bite.
Yeah.
However that goes.
Okay.
In other words, sometimes you're full of crap.
Yeah.
Link between diabetes and dementia.
But if you read the
subheadline,
letting blood sugar get too low
may damage the brain too low.
So I guess if you let it get too high
for prolonged period of time like me,
you become a freaking genius.
Yeah, it's good for you then.
You should know that.
I already did.
And all I can say is I'm dying over here.
A study was released last week
that is important information for older diabetics.
Report CBS news,
medical correspondent Dr. John LaPouc.
More than 23 and a half million Americans have diabetes
and half of them are over 60.
Researchers have discovered a link between that disease
and dementia.
There's a new danger for diabetics,
letting blood sugar get too low
may damage the brain.
In older patients with type 2 diabetes,
those with the history of high-publicly seeming
events were a greater risk of dementia
than they were in old age.
The study to be published this Wednesday
in the Journal of the AMA
found the increased risk of dementia
looked at over 16,000 elderly type 2 diabetics.
Those never hospitalized with low blood sugar
had 10% chance of dementia
that decreased by 45% after one hospitalization,
115% after two,
and 160% after three or more.
With low blood sugar,
like I'm feeling mighty low,
like I'm going to pass out.
And you may have blood sugars about five,
you know, like that.
Wow.
When the sugar levels drop,
there's impairment of brain function,
especially memory and attention.
If it drops low enough,
it can cause long-term damage
to Dr. Gayatri Devi.
Gayatri.
Okay.
Unfortunately for us,
the part of the brain that's most susceptible
to low blood sugars is also the seed of memory.
The hippocampus.
Never spend any time on the hippocampus?
No.
How about the hippocampus?
Oh, yeah, that's a lot.
Blood sugar crashes either when patients
eat too little or take too much medication
such as insulin, 58-year-old,
California school,
so preventative gym,
Negro knows what that feels like.
Lightheaded, some disinist,
sometimes a clammy feeling.
He said, clammy.
Hey, mommy, I'm feeling kind of clammy.
And my name be saying,
even diabetics without hypergolacy,
may have more luck that I have memory problems.
So, Negro is doing everything he can
to keep his blood sugar properly balanced
throughout diet exercise and medication.
Just like me, not.
Anything that's bad for the heart,
which includes obesity,
diabetes, hypertension,
all of those will also be bad for the brain.
D.V. said,
D.V., why you do this to me, D.V.,
the message from the studies
that diabetes should really control
their blood sugar, a lot of pukes said,
it shouldn't be too high or too low.
It should be like the porridge there,
not too hot, not too cold, just right.
Right.
Porge.
Anybody out there ever eat any porridge?
No.
I know what that is.
I guess it's like,
like, gruel, like,
you have to be a fool to be eaten gruel,
because it really affects your stool.
In a good way?
I don't know.
Well, speaking of that,
here's one about who was Adam Puprstein.
He was presenting himself as an insider
so to fake Larry.
He did a full hour on bathroom accidents.
He put stand mage in a shame with that.
Oh, bathroom attendance.
Oh, the Lord of the board was behind the ass.
He said, he turned down mornings in 790,
because he's too busy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The dows down 225 point, and you're laughing.
You grave robbing vassals.
He turned the Lord of the board,
turned down mornings across the street,
because he's too busy.
What is he now like the Alliance for Accounting,
Sheriff or something like that?
He's some kind of a goofball.
Robert Griefer, the Grim Reaper to Lord of the board.
Yeah, I know.
I'm going to tell you,
since Joe Bell has come along,
we have put so much crap on the radio.
It's mind-boggling.
Crap, you were about to say embarrassing,
but you know, no, when you work for this company,
you're beyond embarrassment.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, you're always D-A-Y-S-U-C-A-S.
What am I going to do with all this, MOTSA?
Pass over, sober,
and wouldn't it be neat if you could use all the MOTSA?
That you didn't eat.
Catch it like a frisbee with your friends apart,
or you could jump in the water,
and put in your shot.
You can make a MOTSA,
it can play the guitar,
you can make a MOTSA,
lots of splay for your car.
Use it as a cup,
to when you're drinking your beer.
Or you can show it, asking for a happy New Year.
Insulate.
Decorate.
The exfoliate.
Constipate.
Pass over, sober,
and wouldn't it be neat
if you could use all the MOTSA?
That you didn't eat.
Proven but lots of MOTSA.
To line your hair,
so cage,
or you can use it as a bookmark,
to hold your page.
Or like a second MOTSA,
when you practice your karate.
Be the MOTSA doghouse for your dog in the scalp.
Like a little MOTSA,
but in where they goodbye,
or you can make a pair of MOTSA wings
and learn how to fly.
West and Mounts of Jewry.
Make a picture for you for me.
Have a drink of MOTSA tea.
MOTSA is all that I can see.
There's just one more thing to do
with on the finger.
You can eat it,
cause it ain't all that bad.
Braggdum,
yeah, that's a good place for it.
Well sooner or later,
it'll find its way through the old.
Recko,
and all those.
And that'll have a hell of a comment
to you about food.
Yeah.
Sooner or later,
it finds its way to your
Recko,
and then look out.
My, my, my,
that's probably a good thing.
Dave Walker says,
a long time listener all the way back to WKAT.
This is from a Thursday, April 9th.
I'm digging deep into my pile now.
What's your pile?
Okay, coming in.
What?
Hey, how's it going?
Oh, that's because you probably
used up all the good emails while you were on.
Oh, yeah.
I read them twice.
So listen every day on the stream.
No stream from your page.
This is when we were having all the
technical problems.
Yes.
Well, you weren't on that week.
Wasn't it flea?
No, but I heard all about it.
Oh,
oh.
And it goes on.
But that's, that's ancient history.
Whereas a clean machine now,
although we,
it still says down on there
because that thing doesn't give the green lights anymore.
Yeah, I heard that.
That's that's just what I heard that story.
It doesn't mean nothing.
We're streaming, baby.
We're on it.
Chef Sparky, who's always a real
caustic piece of turd,
has some caustic stuff.
I guess about the a while.
That's all right.
Here's the fake gem of sarni.
Haven't heard from him in a long time.
Number one, can't believe Jolly Joe
that anti-Semite got rid of Jesse Agler.
Yeah, that's something I didn't know about
until George told me before the show this morning.
Yeah, I gave you the body count.
The one guy in your station who actually
sounded like a real radio professionals
unemployed.
Meanwhile, there's so much crap on your airwaves.
Yeah.
Two known acquaintances,
Sid Rosenberg, he met with Joe Bell a few weeks ago
is expecting to sign a contract soon.
He will start on QM sometime in late summer
when his non-competers up looks like he'll be doing
two to four at first,
then take over from Mad Dog when his contract is up.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, it must have liked us.
One shares over there.
Yep, as for the big O,
he won't beat your place much longer.
The sources inside Lincoln Financial Building
tells me he's been in the discussions to move over there.
That's all for now.
I have to get ready to head back to the track.
I think they're serving
Sal'sbury steak in the dining room today.
Oh, God.
You all would be really good.
At the track, Sal'sbury steak with macaroni and cheese.
That's a great combo and then you can use the gravy.
Yeah, it's mixed with the macaroni.
That's macaroni.
That sounds good.
That sounds great.
Let's go.
I'll tell you, race tracks have got
and then the cafeterias have always got great macaroni and cheese.
I don't know why.
But Boston Market has the Sal'sbury steak and macaroni and cheese,
which is nice and creamy.
Do they really?
Yeah.
I'll be right over.
Can't have the macaroni, though.
That from my blood sugar.
Right.
Boy, it looked like a scab on my finger there, but it's not.
Yeah.
Well, I got issues here with this cold, you know.
I got a South Florida cold.
Everybody else was sick.
I dodged it.
You got it?
No, I did not.
Oh, good.
Chef Sparky says I think I discovered the reason for the
point.
Oh, the D.A. show working late the other night,
decided to an in-listen for a while.
And sure enough, Neil, there he was.
Yes, you know who 790 secret weapon against Q.M.
Mad Dog's nightmare.
Yes, Neil was Iro Windbag.
Portia probably didn't realize it was hopeless.
In the fence of Iro, though, he definitely is no Tim Hardaway.
790 uses terminal.
Iro Windbag 24.7.
We got Iro Windbag.
The walking tune out.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
I guess the A figures he can't drive those numbers any lower.
And maybe maybe Mad Dog finally put stuff and said,
I'm not putting them on again.
And maybe Clarence was forced to siphon him off to the D.A. show.
The night time when people are like watching TV or a schluffin.
Oh, this is one from again.
These these ones from where we're having the technical problems.
Oh, kind of outdated little bit.
Kind of like alien in the Pope.
The tapes, you know,
Oh, but Jolly Joe loves the tapes.
Yeah.
That's that should have been your first hint right there.
It was.
It was an established failed product and he was on favorite.
Right.
What a what a knit with.
Of course, they really like failed products.
So I don't feel bad.
Yeah, that's true.
Take your park.
Remember her?
Sure.
This is from also Thursday for nine.
Way back.
I wanted to thank you for playing lipstick on your collar on here.
I've added it to my iPod.
Have even played it on a bar jukebox.
One of the bartenders gave me a dollar to play it again.
Lipstick on County Francis.
Come on.
Crank her up.
Come on right at you.
Have you ever seen the movie born losers?
No.
It's the first movie in the Billy Jack series.
It was a little.
Cheesy, but turns out it was banned and sweet because of the dink and vibe.
I've seen it like 20 times.
PS I thought three decent job filming for you in Georgia every day.
The Metallica story had me wretching at my desk.
I see.
Is there something wrong with the level coming from there?
Is it my ears plugged up from the quarter?
Bring that bitch up.
God.
God.
That was down 222.
222 point.
The fake gym.
Sorry.
If that's true about Sid and Rose and Cranceman,
that's just nauseating,
sickening,
taking a guy who not only failed across the street,
but who's got a track record from the hell.
Everybody where he goes, he fails big time.
Big time.
Not to mention, of course, all the, you know,
the other personal problems.
Sounds perfect for jolly Joe, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Great.
And I wonder if they're going to like pass each other on the street.
The big O and the city kid.
You know what I'm saying?
And that trolley that we have that goes back and forth across the street.
The conveyor belt.
Yeah.
Maybe they'll pass each other on a conveyor belt.
Well, how's it going?
He said, oh, okay, big O.
Just pathetic.
Oh, here we go.
Barry Jack says, hearing that Jesse Agra has been considered for mornings on
seven, I did a ticket.
Yeah.
The NFL draft is this weekend.
Waldemoll coverage on a QM and the ticket.
No kidding.
But that that was my first thought is if they blew out Jesse Agra,
he'd be he'd be great over there.
He'd kick our ass into mornings across the street.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
He's a real broadcaster with like a real voice and a good guy just a,
yeah, and a good guy.
And I just another dumb jock who follows the marlins
and the dolphins.
How do you like that?
I think this is a real Barry Jack ass by the way.
Could be.
I can't believe you said that.
That's the first time you've ever acknowledged that any emailer
could be who they say they are.
Of course I was lying.
What?
Just now?
Yeah.
Oh.
Couldn't be.
What?
Not like, it doesn't matter.
I'm sure the real Barry Jack has is just as much of a jackass as whoever
the fake Barry Jack has.
I'm sure that.
Yeah.
See, the thing with very jackass, he likes anybody who'll talk to him.
Hey, he'll write some criteria.
That's like my mom.
My mom was like that.
Anybody that'll interact with her.
Right.
Of course, that only lasts five minutes before they realize what a crazy bitch is.
Anybody who will identify his existence is a subhuman being.
And of course, our people always like Greg, you know,
Greg had that incestuous relationship with Barry.
Yeah.
And how Joe Bells picked up or read it because Joe Bell can't talk to time
jica because they hate each other like poison, like poison.
The great hate little time, I jica and Joe Bell.
Doesn't that tell you a little bit of something?
Yeah.
Maybe I'm going to go and get me a nice bowl of matsu ball soup at two o'clock.
Ooh, that'll be good for your throat.
Yeah.
And some non-carb lunch.
Matter of fact, get you some extra to bring home the microwave later.
Like before the show tomorrow or something.
Or for lunch.
You don't think I can't scream too loud?
Yeah, it is a good thing.
To blow your voice out.
I think you're not a real good Gishri there.
That's better.
Oh, God.
That's more like it.
Now we're talking.
454 votes on a pool and we got a bunch of perverts out there.
They would go to a new discounting and totally naked.
104 say sure.
I've got nothing to hide.
Sure.
Yeah, sure.
Do we have that clip?
Somewhere where he says, yeah, sure.
Oh my God.
I forgot I put all these new ones in.
That's right.
The money's on the table.
Oh no, I have a problem.
If it's not, I don't know.
Wow.
Yeah, sure.
The most underrated character in the history of the motion picture industry.
Frankie Pentangely, Frankie five angels in Godfather.
Two.
Two.
Right.
Yes.
Well, sometimes you have to pause for a second and try to, you know,
figure it all out.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
You might be doing one to two also.
The devil you say.
Yeah, the devil devil and Miss Jones.
So what's your name?
Linda Lovelace is dead, huh?
Long time ago, no?
Was it Linda Lovelace?
I'm the other one.
Maryland Chambers.
Maryland Chambers.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Now Maryland Chambers.
She was in the devil and Miss Jones.
Was she?
Yeah.
As opposed to the other one.
What was your name?
Linda Lovelace.
Linda Lovelace, she was in deep throat.
Deep throat and the devil and Miss Jones.
I wonder which one of those goldstein was in.
Hopefully, neither one.
Can you tell me the reason he was in that?
What?
She was in behind the green door.
I don't know about the devil.
Maryland Chambers.
Okay.
Cornel Challenge.
Could be.
Behind the green door.
Wow.
No, she wasn't in whichever one I said.
What I said was I said was Miss Jones.
Well, let me who will laugh.
What I'm doing.
What?
I said that's what I'm doing.
I got the 1941 version here.
I'm sure that's not the right one.
Georgina Spellvin.
Who?
Georgina Spellvin.
What's wrong with you, mister?
Never heard of her.
Oh my god.
What a porno amateur.
I knew it.
If the one did do our...
What's kind of a funny story.
I was invited over here for this big secret
international punch smoking competition.
I just heard the government.
I had gone comments I could give you.
Did you know marijuana?
We scores the cancer, my friends.
Are you high?
Mary Jane wiped out
in your head.
Which made his head twice its normal size.
We cure the cancer,
a new excuse for smogers,
grown time for you,
sir,
because we cure the cancer.
Asmo Weep.
I'm going to smoke a ball.
Good hit.
Anyway, yeah, it was.
I'm putting out some crap.
Okay.
Well, that's why I'm distracted a little bit.
Of course, you know me.
I enjoy being distracted.
What?
Exactly.
Here's one from Dana.
Glad you're back from vacation.
Hope you had a good time.
Today's pool is retarded.
Asinine whose idea was that?
Charlie B.
It's a Charlie B special.
No, it isn't.
It's idiotic.
You like it though.
It's fine.
Whatever.
I didn't have to think it up.
That's right.
Man with flachelins problem gets stabbed.
We'll get to that in Waco, Texas.
Some Waco and Waco.
Farting back.
Are you eating?
Yeah.
What?
Tater tots.
From.
Uh, I found them around.
I found them on the floor.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
What a whist.
You can't even say what the Tater tots are up from.
KFC is coming in tomorrow with their new little chicken burger bites or like little
grilled chicken sandwiches.
1130 or so.
Yeah.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It has nothing to do with where the Tater tots came from.
My pal Tim says, forgive me if this is too technical.
But if you'd like to determine if you're hearing from the genuine article, meaning very
jackass, check the originating email address.
Yes, he might be emailing from a different account such as Gmail, hotmail, AOL, etc.
But if it's from bjaxon.herald.com or bjaxon.
My may her like comments the real deal says Tim.
But it never is.
It's always like very jackass a Gmail.
Whatever.
And who cares?
Who cares?
You care for it's the real great jackass.
I don't care if any of you are very little anymore.
That's right.
Especially after that business with Joe Bell trying to stab you in the back.
Hey, not a personal right.
Why?
Nothing personal right?
No.
Bastard.
Larry says Marilyn Chambers was around before Linda Lovelace.
She was the baby on the ivory soapbox that ivory made a big stink when they found out she was
a porn star.
What are the first to be called a porn star?
How do you like that?
Marilyn Chambers.
Yes.
Yes, what?
That was her.
That's her story.
That's her deal.
Wish she 99 and 44 100 percent pure like ivory soap up until the portal career.
Yeah.
Oh, I'll be damned.
There were some real scabby looking people, male and female who made it big.
Made a lot of money.
I know.
I still don't understand.
Testimate to the desperation of people.
I imagine.
I guess.
There's somebody naked having a sex act on it.
Let's see it.
You know,
who?
Somebody gruesome.
Somebody like Jim DeFetus.
I still say Jim DeFetus and Susan Boyle.
There's that there's that pono they're trying to get to her.
You match making them talk about obscenity.
God.
He's obscene just sitting in that chair there on channel four.
Slumped over like, I mean,
what is it?
What is it?
At the smooth.
God, my goodness.
Well, let's see.
Nick from Guantanamo Bay says,
Bellevue patient.
Oh, yeah.
I was playing that a lot to do.
We had all those problems.
Oh, yeah.
All those problems.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Yeah, over and over again.
That was one of those typical
scoot up days when nothing works.
Yeah, you have to bet on our cabs or anything.
I can play for someone waiting to hear it.
It's a hoot.
No, I don't.
Sorry, Nick.
What he can do.
Yeah.
Is he can go to YouTube and type in.
Inside Bellevue.
Really?
Yes.
And there are various clips from the HBO
undercover special inside Bellevue,
where I lifted that front.
That's where you got it?
Yes.
Well, I'll be done from the DVT.
Not YouTube.
But you know, this wasn't the pre YouTube days
when I got that.
The that was down to 2727 point.
Oh, no.
Here's one I forgot.
I never printed out.
You know, Nancy Overton is dead.
83 singer for the court.
You sure you didn't talk about her?
Did you?
No, I didn't.
Mr. Sandman, come on.
You can do it.
My favorite career song that was born to be with you.
That was a good record.
I only got this.
Wally Pop.
Yeah, and the song.
Oh, I hate that.
Yeah, I have Mr. Sandman.
I have by done.
For me, half by them.
That's the only court that song you got.
That was it.
Oh.
I'm nauseous.
I want to puke.
Oh, Mr. Sandman in a minute here.
How you going to do that?
Where are you going to steal that from?
Magic.
I bet you're magic.
Scott it.
Cadence records.
You know who else was on Cadence Records?
Andy Williams.
Okay.
Everly brothers.
The court debts.
That's all I know.
Cadence records.
See, back when back in the day,
when we had those, you know, little 45 spindles.
And you had 45 RPM records.
Back in those days, you knew the label at the music was on
because you had the record.
Right.
Now who the hell looks at what label it's on on a CD?
That's a good thing we don't care.
On a CD.
What's that?
So where's this guy get it?
YouTube.
Inside Bellevue.
There you go, Nick.
Right.
Let's say Neil, I've listened to you for many years and heard you discuss
you diabetes.
If you use insulin to control it, which I don't,
you may want to look into the omnipod.
My wife has had type 1 diabetes since she was 11 years old.
She's always had dramatic highs and lows in her glucose levels.
Since she's been using the omnipod,
her glucose levels have been much more controlled
than she's feeling better.
The omnipod.
What is that?
Where do I get it?
I don't use insulin.
Insulin pump.
Oh, it is?
Yeah, but you don't use it.
How do you know that?
I know people.
You know people?
I know people.
In the drug business.
In the diabetes suffering.
Suffering.
Suffering business.
People who suffer from diabetes sometimes use those things.
Oh, she died of the esophageal cancer.
Oh, well, well.
She joined the pop group.
The court.
That's in 1958.
Melda, her Malifluis low tones
into their barbershop quartet like harmonies
on some of their later hits.
Died Sunday in Blaire's Town, New Jersey.
She was 83.
Lived in Hackett, Stown, New Jersey.
She sang on the original recordings of the two
court debts hits Zorro and never on Sunday.
I never heard of either one.
The court debts have been together for 10 years when Ms.
Overton stepped in for one of the original four
Jane Erdel who no longer wanted to go on the road.
With singles like 80 My Love.
Well, that was good in 56.
And especially Mr. Sandman in 54.
The court debts had already made Bobby Soxley generation
the swoon.
They were swooning over here.
Shortly after the release of never on Sunday.
The group disbanded.
And now she's dead.
That disgusting.
I don't care.
Well, we're sitting around talking about all these dead people.
Someday somebody's going to be sitting around talking about us.
I'll remember them.
Yeah.
They're dead.
They know as a matter of fact.
No, for me, I'm on the way out.
Just remember you heard you hear first on QAM.
So maybe Sid can do mid days.
Maybe that's what jolly Joe's got in mind, you know.
Sure.
Sid can bring that one share over here and just kick some big bloody ass mid days.
Sid the kid.
Why would anybody in their right mind want to hire somebody like that?
In their right mind?
Oh, excuse me.
I'm trading.
You did a lot of things.
You did a lot of things.
I'm trading.
The Rogers on the sports hall radio.
WQA.
Oh, you can tell your fans.
You don't like their demands.
If they have some request, you just say no.
And then tell Walmart Kent to tell the management.
You want nobody messing with your show.
Go round from 10 to 2.
And when your shift is true, tell Georgie can relax and spoke some weird.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
You're here.
Even almost makes him discreet.
But don't play a fart.
The sound of a fart.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with the measly clam.
Don't do it.
Don't play a fart.
OK, 1-16-5-60-WQM.
I think I'll have my voice back tomorrow or not.
OK.
I don't know.
These ozone things are, they're not banned.
Yeah, well, that Motsuball suit, by the way.
You have to think it's really, really, really capital.
Motsuball suit.
I got a better idea.
Maybe I'll call order Chinese delivery and get some wanton soup or some hot and sour.
Hot and sour is good for it too or both.
Clear your head.
Get a couple of things of soup.
Get some of that crispy ginger chicken.
Ginger.
Yeah, ginger resin.
Yeah, good.
Be safe, ginger.
Well, I was sure to mess that mole, man.
Let me tell you.
I do every day.
That would be a good pull.
Two to four.
Yeah, and oh, by the way, I would see.
Crypto Toronto.
Ginger.
Be safe.
Yeah, be safe.
I'm still employed, mole.
I still got a job.
Schmuck.
So who would they rather have two to four?
Big O.
What?
I said, good idea.
Big O.
Mo.
Gellie.
Sid the kid.
How could they fire just the angular?
Oh, when you know they got to cut that budget.
You know, you said it best before the show today.
I think you're right.
You shut it off.
Think of the savings.
Look at all the money you could save.
Do I shut the damn thing off and don't pay anybody?
Except me.
Bill from Tampa says, I used to work for a lake treating company.
And we'll have to treat ponds in the Tampa area and nudity camps.
And it was mostly old ladies and old guys.
Pretty much just put on the dark glasses and didn't look around.
Says Bill.
Good ticket, Bill.
Don't look around.
Yeah.
Of course, in a halendale it's a...
Oh, yeah.
You can imagine the grandparents of the people in Tampa at the nudist camp.
On the nude beach, O.A.V.
Waco, Texas.
A man was stopped after causing a stink literally in a motel room while eating with a friend.
He was your friend.
Five men from the Houston area were sharing a way.
Did you hear from them while I was going?
Oh, yeah.
Two, three million times.
Absolutely.
I mean...
Absolutely.
Five men from the Houston area were sharing a Waco motel room Tuesday night.
And tour inside the room eating when one had a flat-silence problem.
Waco police officer Steve Anderson be saying, one man was so upset about the gassy
through a large knife at him cutting his leg and then stabbed him in the chest.
Jesus.
Wow.
Must've been a real stinker.
The 35-year-old man was transported to Waco hospital where he was treated for what appeared to be non-life threatening injuries.
Boy, that would be really a bad.
You killed for a nasty fart?
Yeah.
Must've been a real bad fart.
Jose Brauil Ramirez, 33 of Houston, was charged with aggravating the cell with a deadly weapon.
He was arraigned at Wednesday, being held in McClendon County, jail on 15 grand bond and placed on immigration hold.
Well, I wonder if he was eating them hot free holies before he went in there.
He cannot be released even if he posts bond until authorities verify he's in the country legally.
Jose Brauil Ramirez, no doubt a Mexican, huh?
Okay.
A jail spokeswoman who declined to give her name said he was not allowed to release information or whether Ramirez had an attorney.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop.
I'll be damned.
Can you imagine those Mexican farts?
I don't want to.
A lot of beans.
No.
Well, I don't think Paco gets into too many beans here.
So I never smell no farts.
Thank God.
Oh.
Focus on the family Bible narrator.
Try to lure teen for sex.
Oh, no.
This must be just anti-religion propaganda.
Sure.
So thank you.
Of course, slander.
Jim DePitas does Susan Boyle.
Good lord.
Coming to a TV screener you soon.
A Colorado man who works for evangelical group focus, focus, focus on the family.
Has been arrested after he solicited sex online from an investigator posing as a teenage girl police said.
Juan Alberto Ovalye.
Ovalye Ovalye.
Ovalye.
Sure.
42.
Thuddy was corresponding with a girl under the age of 15.
Instead it was undercover officers with the Jefferson County DA's office, according to court documents.
Ovalye was arrested April 3rd when drove to an underscores location in Lakewood to meet the person he believed to be a teen for sexual purposes before the Colorado's news channel 13.
Between April 2 and 3 Ovalye's alimpses who made sexually graphic statements in the chat room to a person he believed to be an underage teen police say.
According to court documents, he also told the teen about these sexual things he wanted to do to her.
I'll really draw from Colorado Springs April 3rd to meet her with the intention of having sexual contact.
I guess these guys don't watch that show on date line, huh?
Right.
It's only on my what two, three thousand times on all the time, right?
He scheduled to be formally charged with two felony counts of criminal attempted sexual assault on a minor and internet luring of a child.
We're all shocked to hear these allegations and just beginning to look into them said, focus on the family spokesman Gary Schneeberger on Monday.
Schneeberger Schneeberger?
Wow.
Focus on the family was an influential group during the Bush era and it's president that fascist Dr. James Dobson frequently met with president Bush latest strategy on how to rally American Christians behind terror war policies.
Similarly, after Justice Samolito's confirmation of the Supreme Court, Dobson received personal notice thanks from the conservative judge because he's a good old fascist boy, James Dobson.
Nazi.
Maybe he's got one nut, you think or is one?
Well, I'm sure that he is one nut.
Focus, focus on the family.
What was the same crap?
Where did I see the show about the evangelist?
Was that on CDD?
Yeah, probably on TV.
If it was a TV show, I probably saw it either on my pop up toaster or on my TV or it had to toilet.
Well, I'm telling you, this flim is not good. If there was a God, we'd have no flim.
Maybe it's an evil God.
That was down to 154 points.
That proves right there there's no God.
You crazy bastards.
Oh, here we go.
Here's a good one.
The fake Jason.
Okay, let me print it out.
I can't read his last name.
It's always the same.
BLOWME.
Okay.
Blom.
Blom.
Let's be French.
Remember Ethel Blum?
No.
You'd have to be really old to remember Ethel Blum.
What station was she on?
Was she on KAT?
Ethel Blum.
She was the financial bitch.
Yeah, it was KAT.
Ethel Blum.
And then there was always smeg green.
Okay, let's see what Jay Neelon Blum has to say.
Let Mo rest you jerk.
Can you let go of Mo already?
The man's been on the station for seven years already.
You made his life a living hell while he was there and you keep on now.
I made his life a living hell.
It was you.
I'll never forget today that the caller asked Mo how he felt about the two guys.
And Mo being the classy guy that he was didn't say anything negative about you.
He said that for off the air.
Yeah.
Geldie who was there with them said at least Mo is checks clear and they began to laugh.
Mo is gone and maybe you should let go too.
I have one thing to say to that.
Do do do do do.
Do you know in D.A.Y.S.U.C.A.N.?
Do do do do.
I'm here to bring comfort to the victims of this terrible earthquake.
And want to deliver this very important message to the victims.
Condoms do not work and are blasphemous.
Bless you all.
Oh, there it is.
What thought was that?
There's like a little dragon in it.
Let me play it.
It's dragon.
Pope is dragon it.
Maybe it's that gown.
Oh, it's not on.
I'm there.
Maybe you were making like sounds with my mouth.
Yeah, maybe.
You know, Heath was a real pain in the ass emailer.
Yeah, yeah.
He's back.
Of course.
Is George really unhappy in his marriage or is it just an act?
If he isn't happy, he should make her work.
Might as well be less broken the process.
Heath the Joker.
And he responses.
Good.
Perfect response.
May I see you, Anita?
Oh.
What's that bit we've got?
Which one?
I don't know where I got all these drops from.
It's an Arnold bit obviously.
Really?
I don't know which one it is.
Are you great?
I'm great.
The surfing bird flu.
I went everybody's head about the bed.
Maybe that's what I got.
The surfing bird flu, you think?
Maybe.
Maybe it's SARS.
Maybe you got the Rocky pneumonia in the Boogie-Wol-U flu.
Or SARS.
Some horrible disease from the Asian continent that the
Chinaman brought over.
Boy.
Those Chinaman.
Well, I guess when you got that many people, you know, they can't
be picky about what they're going to eat.
Right.
Mirror mirror on the wall.
Who's the cutest clergyman of all?
A 66-year-old Staten Island pastor trying desperately to turn back the
clock ripped off $85,000 from his congregation to pay for
plastic surgery.
Botox shots and fancy clothes authority said yesterday.
66 my age of Getchke.
In the Reverend William Blasen game, 66, a fixture of the
historic St. Paul's Memorial Episcopal Church for more than
30 years began breaking the 8th Commandant in January of
2000 and continued to steal for another three years
according to the Staten Island DA.
The unwed Blasen games miraculous makeovers, apparently impressed
some of the older members of his congregation.
He's a favorite of the overlay in 65 plus Grotto law enforcement
source said he was a real schmoozer.
Oh, if there's one thing it's good to be in life, it's a schmoozer.
Like some of our ex-sales people.
I don't want to mention anybody by name.
Why not?
But the same source noted without going into detail that some
people across his path have been creeped out.
Oh, there's one of our old sales guys they brought back.
Flea was telling me he didn't know his name.
Curtis?
No.
Different one.
Okay.
Pardon?
Who?
I don't know.
Used to be the sales manager.
Okay.
Back when we were on the second floor, he used to have that
office next door and always make a lot of noise and pound
on the wall and scream and yell.
Okay.
Jewish.
You don't know?
Scotch warts?
No.
Scotch warts would pound on the wall?
No.
And he wasn't the sales manager either.
Exactly.
But you said Jewish and so.
Yeah.
Scotch warts.
Anyway, getting back to a blassing game, the same source noted
without going into detail the same people across his path have been creeped out.
The landmark church in Stapleton, where Stapleton,
Oh, in New York, is renowned for its Victorian Gothic architecture and
first you're set up the Friends of St. Paul's Foundation to fund the maintenance
upkeep and beautification of its grounds.
The blassing game was used in the money to fund his own beautification upkeep.
The pastor allegedly was stealing from an emergency fund to set up to help
church members in need.
Officials said that in addition to clothes and surgery,
blassing gave you some of the stolen money to pay off his car insurance.
Well, what kind of a preacher can you be without a good car?
Right.
Motor vehicle registrations show his 87 Volvo registration was suspended twice
in 2006 for insurance lapses.
No got the money, honey.
Blassing game is listed as a scot flaw with the New York City Park violations bureau
with a case that is still listed as active.
A scot flaw, don't you love that word?
Use it as much as I can.
Sources said he also used the old gotten gains to pay for
memberships to unspecified clubs.
He spent much of the extra day hold up in his van to be lab in a home to climb
the speak to reporters who knocked on his door.
He apparently spent little or another stool in mind to make improvements on
anything but his face and wardrobe is run down house sports, a weed strewn yard.
Collapsed shutters, decked arretha windows.
This 22 year old car was parked on the street with an old poster from the church
and a Bible in the back seat.
He faces up to 15 years in prison of convicted, secondary grand larceny
and criminal possession of stolen property.
His friends seem to be very upset as attorney said.
They really feel he's been being put upon poor baby,
all these geth keys man.
Every time they get caught with error, think down.
Oh, they're being put upon.
Don't you think?
Oh yeah.
Instead of anti-religion, it's him heathens again.
That's right.
Not conspiracy.
Yep.
It's a damn good thing.
I got sprite zero.
Do you ever have that?
No.
It's like caffeine-free sprite.
Sprite zero.
Kind of like some of those numbers that we've had on the station in last couple of years.
Since Jolly Jobel dragged his fat ass into town.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum.
Mr. Samman, this was never won on your Hip Ra for 800 weeks.
Mr. Samman, bring me your dream.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-making the cutes that I've ever seen.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-pum-bum-bum-pum.
Give into lips like roses and clovers.
Then choke them, that is ground for nights, I'll over.
There.
Would you get that?
Magic.
Hold it from thin air.
Did you get it from Ron St. John?
No.
You sure didn't get it from Ricky Tiki.
You know he never sent me another message after that.
Costick email he sent me on my space.
Yeah.
Give me a song to dance about the calls and tell me how to do the show and bop bop bop
on.
This is what happens when you retire prematurely.
You have too much time on your hands.
And you start playing amateur program director.
And if you notice by the way how the numbers in the morning are waxy and what is it magic
have gone up since he retired?
No, I didn't notice that must be just a coincidence.
I'm listening to you.
You have a single meal Roger.
Well here we go again.
I'm stuck.
Not me.
Not me.
What?
I said not me.
No, it was not not coming from here.
It was over both of your spots and one in between.
Wow.
I'm going to background.
I got nothing.
Babbling?
Yeah.
Must be a commie pinco plot.
Yeah kid baby.
Hey kids who cats on your generic 60s radio guy.
Things are going great.
Radials never been so excited.
We're getting huge market chairs of every hooper book.
The future looks bright baby.
This is your generic 70s radio guy.
On quad FM.
New pretty good man.
Having a good time.
Trying out new format ideas to suit everyone's taste.
We've got underground broad pop.
Yeah.
Even disco.
Whatever man.
He's all about selling something in the air.
Hi, it's your generic 80s and 90s morning zoo FM guy.
And I'm the high boy side kid.
And we employ Zany high jakes that will hopefully make you look forward to getting up every day.
Everything you say it's so funny.
Not that, will you?
Hey, can you imagine how fast we would go out of business if we only broadcast one thing?
That's too stupid even for this business.
Never going to happen.
Hi.
On your generic early off radio guy.
And we're only gonna broadcast one thing.
Sports.
And only sports.
It's called the Pectum and right wing pop of course blend well with sports.
It's the same mentality.
You won't be long now before we have 50,000 sports stations all in one market.
Lootie char input.
We know what we're doing.
Hello.
Oh, this is your generic late off guy.
But you we're not doing so good these days.
The maybe we should go back to where entertainment.
143 17 to two at UIM.
And to verify what I just said to you.
Yeah.
Somebody sends me this email.
There's something bleeding through on the spot.
Sounds like someone's talking through them.
I want to check that out.
Okay.
Sounds like somebody's talking in the background of that in that last break.
Two of the spots.
Sounds like sabotage.
I had my computer pot open but I didn't hear anything.
Well, that must be it.
Your computer pot?
Yeah, when I play songs off of for example this.
It wasn't music.
It was somebody talking.
Well, maybe somebody loved the studio pot open.
Jazal McKenzie, Dorothy Collins, Russell Arms and Snooki Lanson and your hit parade.
Rocked to you by Lucky Strike, LSMFT, Lucky Strike means fine tobacco or something like that.
Maybe it was Testerfield.
Your hit parade.
If you're old enough to remember your hit parade on TV, you're an old fart like me.
Really old.
Now, here's the definition of Hutzpah.
This next email which I'm not going to read.
From Joe Gottzuer.
Okay.
Subject.
First request for a while.
This is another guy.
I progistormed.
Huh?
Another programmer.
No, no.
Oh.
Looking for the feed plug.
Don't you remember this guy?
Oh, no.
I don't remind me.
He says before I commit to a contract for a lot of money with your show, I'd like to get a free plug and see what kind of calls we get.
Is this, is this incredible or what?
And his motto is, your poop is our pleasure.
Yeah, you got poop all right, you idiot.
The answer always has been.
No.
And always will be absolutely, positively.
Oh, no.
We don't give free plugs.
Schmuck.
He's pumping it though.
Yeah, maybe if he brings some food in.
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
Now let me ask you.
Last week did Tony tell come in with any Motsin pizza?
No, but when checking the voicemail today, there was a voicemail message on there from him.
Maybe that's what it was about.
Well, you are, I don't know.
I'm just guessing that I wasn't here, you know, or I wasn't checking voicemail.
You know, I checked it like once a month.
You weren't there?
I mean, I wasn't checking my voicemail.
It's with the week before last year.
It was the week in Jolly Joe.
Yeah, that's who it was.
That was down to 38.
And we got about seven minutes to kill.
Boy, sure be nice.
If we got a few really timely emails here at the end of the show,
needle at neorodgers.com.
Wouldn't that be nice?
That would be.
As opposed to going back to bottom of my pile,
Brown fat may help adults lose weight.
I don't want to do that.
Say what now?
Brown fat.
Remember that song, Brown sugar?
Yeah.
Well, Brown fat.
I thought that was white.
You really missed it.
That day that we had all the stream and all, that was something.
Oh, here's one from 100 years ago.
From Larry.
Whatever happened to Tracy Neely from Polygram Records,
she was cute and I had a big crush on her.
The only thing wrong with her was her favorite football team
was the Cincinnati Bengals, his Larry.
You know what happened to Tracy Neely?
No.
No?
No?
I heard she got married or something.
No.
That was the last I heard.
Well, that's the end of that.
Won't see her no more.
Right.
Yeah, she used to bring us all kind of music.
Yes.
The Dow's down to 41.
Two 41.
Well, the Alabama crew tell pirate stories on CNN.
Two had on the ship.
Wasn't there a point where you guys were struggling with him?
There's one solution to this.
You know what you do with pirates?
Shoot them.
All of them.
Yeah.
And Russia's going on.
Oh, these 14-year kids.
That's okay.
Yeah.
Russia's going on about that?
Oh, because it was our advantage.
Oh, it was a bomb that did it.
I thought there were bitch in beforehand that we weren't going to do anything.
That's what Glenn Beckett going on.
Well, he did something, but now it's bad because there's just 14-agers.
And you know, we're going to solve weapons and stuff.
And grenades.
Yeah.
That's crazy rush for any.
Still got those ditto heads out there.
Oh, yeah.
You tell it like it is, rush.
When you pop enough pills, man, it really affects your mind.
There's nothing new on the emails.
Let me do a send and receive.
I bet there'll be a dozen of them pop up there as soon as it didn't know.
Nothing.
I mean, actually, it was pretty good today considering, you know, considering it can't speak.
Right.
And of course, I think we got the match of the century Jim DeFetus and Susan Boil all set up.
I'll bring the Chris go.
Oh, God.
Where are you going to slather it?
Everywhere.
Oh.
Can you even imagine either one of them naked?
Ah, why are you doing that?
Like a nothing good bug, same thing.
Yeah.
Planning the seed.
It's a new diet plan that gross you out diet.
Well, I got to get with it starting today.
Good.
I think my Chinese food diet, my Chinese diet might be good.
Lots of Chinese soup.
And like, you know, they got a lot of things with like a little beef, a little chicken and veggies.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
Don't eat the, like the rice of the noodles.
I don't.
And don't eat the stuff like that ginger chicken I was talking about that's loaded with sugar.
Right.
One thing about Chinese food, man, they load up with a lot of hidden sugar in one of the honey, like the honey glaze.
That's right.
The honey glaze, Chinese man.
That's why he smells like that.
Joe Judge, who's become chronic.
He never sends an email once.
Well, just to make sure.
Again, I get, and I almost never read him.
He sends him two, three times just to make sure they're going to get read, which they don't.
The second race on Friday is always a cheap claimer.
He says, and it goes on and on and on about Ron Nicoletti has never had a good ROI in Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
It looks at the horses and the walking ring and all this other crap.
So while marveling at how well you've done this far with your selections,
I'd recommend you stay away from the heavy truck and away from our ends picks.
Loving the show now with the emails rather than the callers, it's way better when you cherry pick what you want to comment on.
It says Joe.
Well, thanks, Joe.
What do you know?
And I guess we skipped the pick-up on Friday because I wasn't here.
Okay.
I mean, I would have come in if I was in Toronto, but I was down there.
It's all right.
And couldn't, I guess I could have played the race off the, um, on my cable.
We got a racing network.
Huh?
It was all right.
Was it okay?
Yeah.
Joe says, oh, this is the same guy.
Just give me your food order.
You'll have lunch delivered anytime you want this week.
Being in the store business, I'll even wash my hands before bringing it.
No, this is the, no, it's same guy.
Hmm.
Same guy using a different name.
Funny.
Yeah.
Go head up on the 790 seat.
I'll give you a free plug on here.
Okay.
Go head up on one of, uh, Steve Lapis stations.
I'm sure they got plenty of unsolved evils.
Can you imagine?
Yeah.
How'd you like to be a sales hole for like their WFTL?
No.
No, thank you.
Steve and Hawking, very ill.
Aren't you shocked?
No.
And the golf of aid in after dramatic chase in the dark.
Pirates.
This is a thing we got.
We got the presidential dog pirates and of course Susan Boyle.
These are the things that the world is concerned about.
Or at least the media tells us we ought to be.
That's I am better looking to use and see if they're sorbitol in these.
Yes, please.
There's something.
There's sugar free.
There's something tall.
Oh, tall.
Poop at all.
Ten feet tall.
Yeah.
Two tall Jones.
Let's see.
Valor, new to Teeve.
Oh, there's so much frog stuff on here.
I can't find it.
Oh, there it is.
The print is so small that you need the Mount Palomar telescope to read it.
During the break, I'll read it and decide whether to order Chinese food or go sit on the pot.
But in preparation for a massive explosion, yeah, sorbitol.
I'm sure it's in there, right?
It is.
I finished almost one pack.
I bought two packs of these.
I finished almost all of them.
The one pack.
Can you begin to smell it all the way here?
It's day off.
I'm on my heavy town.
At five, six, oh, WQA.
Shut a radio six packet every it's down.
It's a way of keeping profits up and cost way down.
Got a grow and TV network just for infomercial drugs.
Butter, bird, butter, bird.
One looks like shiny broadcast towers to you and me.
Haras synergistic profit offered to.
Who's supposed to be a pistol but turns out to be a dud?
But it, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
He's got a black velvet painting of teasers with eyes that move around and see it all.
But when it comes time to sign the dotted line,
he'll turn the save your space through the wall.
He's the crisis guy that Christian you could ever find.
Got a couple thousand people just a licking his behind
and he plays the mighty hunter.
Kind of looks like Elmo putt.
Butter, bird, but, but, but, but, but.
Don't have a ball spot.
I'm dying on the hear.
That's a good one.
I'm going to play it for you, but I got.
But he's calling a place, but it doesn't know the score.
And when Wayne runs out of garbage, but he'll go and make some more.
Who'll mismanage the amounts of media and make him in a mud.
Butter, bird, but, but, but, but, he's got way too many things.
The own and overseed, he calls unprecedented cost efficiency.
But then why do you paint your lodges not to work seven months?
Butter, bird, but, but, but, but, but.
Butter, bird, but, but, but, but, but, but.
I think his brain is as fun as I'm at a point.
Bye, bye, bye.
