560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil, dial 5607.0, 560,
in date and broard. In other counties called Tolfran, email from
Angelica Bell to be saved. A related happy anniversary and no no congratulations on your
wireless phones. The appellate is for Jack and his review guests or his college Jack
representatives of WQAM Management, talentless Jack, who's now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
President Obama campaigned for his economic recovery plan in Fort Myers, Florida.
Last question. Oh, this is such a blessing to see you Mr. President. Thank you for taking time out of your day.
Oh, thank God. Thank you so much. You're going to school. What are you studying? I'm just looking to study and majoring in communications.
Hopefully being a broadcaster or a disjockey. That's is unfortunate. What a waste of money.
Amen. Amen to that. Don't get into this. Wow. What? No, that was a funny bit. It was. Well, we sent lunch.
Remember the day I had a good fortune to pot that up and we heard it right live while it was happening.
And the goofball a historical moment that goofball a Florida.
A star was from that. I see where somewhere wherever the hell he was from.
Gamesville course. Yeah, Florida idiot. I want to hear that again. Just sort of that idiot today on GMC.
President Obama campaigned for his economic recovery plan in Fort Myers, Florida.
Last question. Oh, this such a blessing to see you Mr. President. Thank you for taking time out of your day.
Oh, thank you. Well, brother. That is just there. There were no words to describe it.
Pathetic tragic even. That too. Anyway, happy Monday to you. Here we go again.
What is it? March 9? Yes. Yes. Here's the poll from over the weekend.
I am. I am. I said. I am. I am gay. Neil Diamond classic man.
I am. I said, see, there's a guy who's a legend in his own mind. I think you're just an anti-Semite.
I never even knew he was Jewish till you told me I'm so embarrassed. So from.
Although I'm also David from. There's one and Lord document. There's another one.
There's one thing that just makes me want to vomit. It's right wing Jews. Oh, God. Self hating right wing sellouts like David from.
Yep. Those people make me and of course the right wing blacks. How can such people exist?
Like Alan keys. There's a crazy person for it. Well, there's one of these made the one with a bull-dike daughter.
Right. There's money to be made and being a sellout. 814 votes on the poll. They're not really votes. They're whatever they are.
I am a straight man 626 76.9% 77 of this audience are straight men. A gay man 50 6.1%.
Now we always hear that it's a they throw the number around 10 about 10% of the population in the US is gay or by.
Well, if you add up gay man by man gay woman by woman, we got 10.5%. How do you like that? Uh-huh.
That was just a quink eating must be gay man 50 straight woman 37. Well, we sure don't have a lot of women out there. I told you straight man who is curious 36 curiosity killed the cat.
A by man 23 someone who's scared to confront the truth 20. A gay woman 10 dikes 10 dikes a straight woman who's curious eight and a by woman 4.
Somebody sent that poll we've done that before but not quite as astutely as that was done that was done pretty detailed there.
It was good. So that's that. Oh no, holding the fags. Listen to that. Neil. Yeah, sure. Now speaking of fags. Joe Bell.
Well, sends me an email this morning. I'm in shaving in my thing buzzes and my blackberry too. And I'm thinking who the hell is emailing me at 8.15 in the morning.
Joe Bell. Oh, Neil an email from the real great view. I'll forwarded by the real Joe Bell. Oh, this man.
How am I still alive? I encountering him was the worst moment of my life. That was the worst, the absolute worst. That was the turning point.
That's when our lives went down here. That's when our income went down. That's when our ratings went down. That's when our success. That's when our happiness level of life went down.
Well, it's a good thing. What? It's a good thing. Ratings don't matter then. Oh, that's right. Ratings don't matter. That's what Joe Bell says. That's his philosophy. And of course he's a good one to say that because he ain't got any.
So here from Greg butel subject Neil. Hey Joe, someone's been emailing him. Neil under a great butel a Gmail address. Please let him know it's not me.
First of all, how would anybody know? How would he know what the address was? Who Greg butel? Yeah, whoever told him. Well, how would they know what the address is? I never read that address on the air.
Okay. You follow what I'm saying? No. How would he know your email address? No, no. How would he know that somebody has been emailing under Greg butel a Gmail address?
I've never given the address out that those come from. You might have. No, I have did not. Okay. Please let him know it is not me. I've been getting bombarded with notes from listeners down there.
One of them is going on coming down Easter weekend. Maybe we can meet for breakfast or something. Question mark. GB. Yeah, he's a sucking around. Still try to get his foot in the door. Still just dying to replace me.
Dream on Greg in your dreams in your dreams. Stay there up in Alabama with a banjo on your knee. Yahoo. Knows picking. Hated by everyone goofball talentless piece of dirt.
That's pathetic. Barry Jackass. This clip was from W. I. D. and it's a Larry King thing. He keeps any of you links. Go away, Barry. Okay. Thanks for the thing about Joseph Gackie, which I'll get to. But other than that, just go away.
Fake. Fake Barry Jackass. These people are obsessed like I said, these radio groupies, man, they are the ones who have come and deared our email thing. Right.
Fastards. They don't understand that not everybody who listens to the show, not everybody who's we even works on the show, including me, is a radio groupie.
If there's anything I just that's a pie. It's radio groupies. Oh, no, we, we made your career. No, you didn't average Joe and James out there. People who are just ordinary people who listen to the radio.
Not people have assessed with anybody who ever worked on a radio, anybody who ever owned a radio, anybody who was ever in a radio station. God almighty.
Let's see what this is from Yoshi Schmendrick. I couldn't vote on the poll. Okay. Well, let me read the current poll. Then first before I get to this.
230 votes on the current poll from some listener. What's the way? And by the way, Charlie B has vanished. He not only did not wish me happy anniversary last week. He is sent no new polls. He just disappeared. I guess all year, all year ripping on him. That's right. Finally chased him away.
You bastard. What's the worst thing a spouse slash significant other has done to you? How about we add on there? Never had one. Okay. Doing it now. Never had one. There are people out there. Never had a spouse or a significant other.
Cheated 58. Refusing to have sex 54 left you for somebody else 43 gained a lot of weight 40 ruined credit 27 became abusive sexually like. Yeah verbally or physically 22 like Chris Brown.
Cheated with one of your friends or family members 22 refused to get a job 18 stole money 16. God addicted drugs or alcohol 11. Cut you off from your family 11. Burn down the house 7.
Rect the cars 5 gave you a venereal disease that should be an STD but it says that's a old bad old. Nobody says venereal disease anymore. I remember venereal Bowman used to drive at Pompano Park. But venereal disease nobody says venereal disease anymore only to anyone.
The O. She's meant to say I couldn't vote on the poll. There's nothing for me to vote for. She hasn't done any of those but I'd like to add walking out and leaving when pissed off that this is me the F off says Yoshi.
Neal is there any way that maybe George can do some of these shows during the weekend or maybe even later during the weekdays. Oh yeah. Georgia is going to do some of the shows on the weekend on the weekdays.
Yoshi get some help. Get some help. I've listened all weekend in between all AM station. I must urge 14 hours of boring. Yeah. Get a life would be a good my suggestion. There's way too much beast at him Cooperstein K. Rog all these guys do say the same freaking thing hour after hour after at least George takes some calls rips his mom talks about pot.
I'm not kissing his ass at all. I think he's a little boring on your show but when George is by himself he's pretty good. Okay. Here's George.
They'll have a full show something. Jolly Joe. Well if you want Jolly Joe to do something with the ascending to me for I'm not going to do nothing. Yoshi Schmendrick.
I'm adding. What does she walks out on your your depressing morbid guy. God. Coming down Easter weekend. Maybe we can meet for breakfast or something. Joe maybe Joe likes me.
Greg. You know by the way Greg. Joe no lucky either. Nobody likes you got a dead dead guy. Does he like Greg. We got a dead guy. Alan Landers dies at 68. Winston man became the anti tobacco advocate.
And it's got a picture here of two dead guys Alan Landers and lot and Charles. And the caption says Alan Landers left joined Florida governor lot and
Charles at a news conference in 1996 to fight tobacco use. Now what did walk it in lot and die of did he die from. I remember he was on his treadmill.
And he fell right over. Yeah. Maybe he fell off the treadmill. Maybe that was a red mill. Well it is stuffy in here man. We're in that change over part of the end. By the way it's 11 past 10 for those idiots who think it's 11 after 9. I didn't change your clocks and watches and crack version stuff.
I don't think that's have it together by now. No. If they're dumb enough to have missed it in the first time they don't have to do it. I'm going to wait for everything today. Alan Landers the handsome model who posed for Winston cigarette ads and later sued the tobacco industry over his health claims.
I was died while undergoing treatment for throat cancer he was 68. Landers died February 27th at his home in Lauderdale said his niece Robin Levine. I wonder if she was kind of Derwood.
The word carns was my program director and Albion Michigan in 1965. The word carns that's the guy the old fat guy. I told that story about him.
In joy sing when the news news open was playing he was supposed to be doing the news. And he came running down the stairs the TV room was upstairs pulling his pants up.
Went to the U. P. I. Machine and just pulled off a whole bunch of stuff and then sat down breathlessly reading crap you know just it was hysterical.
Totally unprepared while he was in there to a joicing you know.
Well what do the Alan Landers owe but first I thought it said and landers she's already dead and she I don't know. I'll look it up if you want to care. I'm what about your Abby Abby Abigail van Bure I think I think all those broads are dead.
I'll be wrong.
You'll be okay.
You'll get me.
Remember when we fight.
Yeah. Them's with a salad toss and days like the time you root my face show.
Hello everybody and welcome to the premiere. What a more thing.
For delightful I was of entertainment and information to help you get through your busy day today.
Actually you know yeah I'm just going to talk about sports here. Here's the scores and seven to seven to three.
How about the mouth and blah blah blah. Hey what are you doing walking through here in the middle of my show.
I was looking for the NFL country by what are you thinking walking through my show.
I don't know. I don't know. I like this in the background. What the fuck is it with you?
That kind of language is going to get you ready.
Do you know who I am? I'm bold. David and that's the strength.
See having someone walk through the middle of my show.
Do you have a fucking answer?
I don't understand.
What don't you understand?
I just don't know why we need another sports show.
I mean what else can you say that there's only so much to talk about you know.
Oh and by the way.
I think that last piece of pizza pie in the back room.
Good for you.
It was tasty too.
Was my name on the box here.
It's right there. Most pizza.
Get out of my studio.
Alright let's get the show back on track.
Can I just take a second here?
I'll give you a second.
I'll give you two seconds.
And you better use them to get the hell out of here.
I don't understand why they're like.
You don't understand what it's like working with professional broadcasters.
Is that it?
Well yeah call yourself a broadcaster but you're not really a broad.
I never wonder about that.
Enjoy it.
Thanks for ruining my show.
I enjoyed it.
Why don't you turn it a little bit?
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
And I still don't like you.
Oh yeah?
Then why you're spooning me?
Oh.
1019 at 560 WQM.
So the fake Greg Budell sent me all these pictures of himself with
amongst a different crap.
Well that proves it.
Proves what?
Nothing?
No the fact that he included in there that email address that raises some real doubts in my mind.
You know as if who knows?
And who cares when you come right down to it?
Do we care about Greg Budell?
No and does anybody out there?
Does anybody even remember a freaking Greg Budell?
I don't know the fact that they hate him like poison?
No.
Hutch says, Hutch is a do-know-harm graduate.
Well that's good.
That's the good part.
The bad part is subject Facebook.
Neil and George.
I was just wondering if you considered starting an official Facebook page.
No I have not considered it.
Will not consider it.
Would not consider it.
I have to be a crazy person to do that.
Well what's the point?
None?
Hutch says, I just joined one.
Some local guys started to spread the word because I love you guys.
Thanks.
We've got a fake Facebook page.
We've got a fake Twitter page.
And we've got a real MySpace page which quite frankly, that in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Oh Facebook is the rage everybody.
Well you know what?
Good luck to you.
More power to you.
The answer is absolutely positively.
Absolutely.
No.
No chance.
You got a Facebook page?
Yep.
Yeah I'm sure you do.
My family talked me into it.
For what purpose?
To what ends?
To coordinate and family events with each other.
But then in the meantime I also reconnected with a lot of my old high school chums.
And that's what I use it for.
With all due apologies of the people that keep sending me invites.
I'm only accepting people I actually know on that one.
MySpace is a completely different story though.
It's this different story all right.
Yeah.
These are not websites.
These are phases.
Yeah.
Faces of life that people go through.
Oh everybody's going to have a MySpace page then.
Oh well that's old and boring.
Everybody's going to have a Facebook page.
Oh that's old and boring.
Everybody's going to have a Twitter.
Everybody's Twittering.
I'm tittering about the Twittering.
Yeah?
Yeah I'm Twittering about it.
Well don't start.
Twittering?
Yeah.
Surely Jan remember surely that brought you the 40 bucks last speaking off stream.
Jesus we did.
Paul please add to the poll had me arrested.
I was in jail for three weeks so I realized he locked up his paycheck.
How do you like that?
I'm adding a lot.
He had her arrested.
He was in jail for three weeks.
Surely Jan.
This is the lady that brought you the 40 bucks.
She's everybody's paycheck I guess.
Apparently.
She's the money lady.
She's money had her arrested.
Wonder what he had her arrested for.
Not not our business of course.
Right.
You want to put that on there?
I just did.
Did you really?
I did.
And I'll do respect to surely.
I'll show it to the 40 bucks.
Oh I don't know anything.
Next time he goes out to Gulfstream surely come back with 80 bucks.
I don't have her arrested either.
Unless he brings at least 80 bucks.
362 votes on this poll.
I'm looking at that.
She did 61.
Refused to have sex 58.
Worst thing in spousers to give me another word.
Refused to have sex.
I'm thinking in some cases maybe that's the best thing they did.
You're right.
In some cases.
Yeah.
In some cases.
Right.
Anyway getting back to Alan Landers he's still dead.
Yes.
I never heard of him.
But I don't know what it was.
And is also dead.
And what about you?
Not your Abby.
I'll check.
Abigail van Buren.
Her sister.
Yeah.
She was her Jewish sister.
And is opposed to her Goyish sister.
She's so Goyish.
And boyish.
Alan Landers started smoking as a child.
And wrote on his website that he was required to smoke on the sets for ads posing for billboards
and magazine ads as the self-proclaimed Winston man.
Winston tastes good like a cigarette should.
Those of you punks out there that aren't old enough remember when we used to have all that cigarette
that's faggot advertising on TV.
Salem.
Marlboro the Marlboro man.
New ports.
I used to smoke new ports when I was in college.
Then what happened?
A real gay.
Well I was going to be in this business.
I had to stop because they irritated the hell out of my throat.
I guess it was probably a good thing that I stopped.
That'd probably be dead.
I used to smoke three packs today.
Wow.
Yeah, you'd be dead.
Yeah.
And then I was smoking those dynamite cigars as great little cigars.
And then you told me that they had like paper in the tobacco.
They have a paper wrapper.
It says right over there.
Well, who reads the wrapper before they light up a Stogie?
I understand.
Read the wrapper before they put Stogie's.
He's still alive.
He's been chained smoking Stogie's for years.
My good friend Alan Finkelson from Pomano Park used to chain smoke Stogie's and he's dead.
They'll kill you.
During his heyday as a model in the 60s and 70s, Landers said he didn't know he was glamorizing a fatal habit.
Later in life, Landers became an outspoken critic of the tobacco industry and eventually brought his fight into the court system.
I helped save lives.
He told the Sun Sentinel.
Shortly before his death.
I told the truth.
Eventually smoking will kill you with slow but it'll kill you.
It'll kill you.
Chesterfield.
I'd walk a mile for a camel.
That's what the Saudi say.
I'd walk a mile with a camel.
Chesterfield.
Okay.
Pellmell.
You're going to smell if you smoke Pellmell.
I'm trying to think of the fat old TV announcer.
Frank, oh, what that was his name.
He used to do the Pellmell ads.
Big fat old.
I'm sure he's dead by now.
Frank's something or other.
Big fat guy.
He used to chain smoke Pellmell.
Florida attorney,
Nourwood Woody Wilner,
sued four of the nation's top cigarette makers on landers' behalf at the
December 95.
His individual case was scheduled to go to Toronto April,
said one of landers' attorneys Tim Howard,
April of this year.
Well, two of them won't be here to participate.
A message left for the spokesperson for R.J. Reynolds tobacco,
which makes Winston cigarettes, was not immediately returned.
Landers, whose legal name was Alan Levine.
Oh!
Was born in Brooklyn of November 30th, 1940,
something that's chopped off.
He moved with his family to Florida as a youth,
and now he's dead.
That's what movement of Florida will do.
Eventually, you're going to croak.
After serving in the Army Landers,
returned to New York, became a model.
Wow.
He was later.
He later took acting classes and hard bit roles in movies,
including Woody Allen's Annie Hall.
He was diagnosed with lung cancer in 87,
had two cancerous lobes removed from his right lung.
In 1993, doctors found cancer in his left lung.
An emphysema diagnosis followed.
Boy, not good things.
In 96 he began having chest pains at a senator hearing on smoking.
He said, I'm dying over here.
Landers then underwent a double bypass operation,
repaired two block arteries.
He survived by brother Nises and nephews.
He wasn't in good shape, and now he's dead.
Alan Landers.
And dear Abby is not, so what would seem?
Dear Abby is not ever going to be here.
I haven't been here in still alive.
I can find nothing on her death.
Just let's have a little bit.
Well, I'll be damned.
So, well, somebody can, no, what was her real name?
What's her name?
Lafine also?
Abigail Van Buren.
No, her name was not Van Buren.
Okay.
It was not her name.
She was an lander's sister.
I understand that.
And they were both Jewish.
How could an name have been Van Buren?
I mean, Martin Van Buren, that might have been his real name.
Our eighth president.
Pauline and Esther Friedman.
Aha. See, there you go.
Friedman.
Just like Van Buren.
Call me.
Neon God.
Thank you.
I have a prepared statement.
I've read far and retiring from football.
Again.
This time, I mean it.
I'm out of here.
I'm never coming back to the NFL.
Ever again.
This retirement is permanent.
Unless, of course, some other suck-ass team
is going to pay me $20 million to not get to the Super Bowl.
You listening Detroit Lions?
Hey, if I got a viking, I left mind a mother jacket.
We're to car.
1032-560 WDQA.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Hope we had a wonderful weekend.
Why do people say such tight crap like that, you know?
To be tight.
Oh, well, I mean, it would be nice if everybody had a wonderful weekend.
Some people probably didn't.
Some people probably, their weekend like Brett would say, suck to ass.
Do you hear what he said?
He said, suck to ass.
I say.
You better call up Joyce right away and see if we can get away with saying that.
Speaking of ass and Joyce and Clowns.
Brandon says, dear Abby is Pauline Phillips 80 and still alive.
She married a boy.
Okay.
And her daughter, Gene Phillips, is the current dear Abby.
Well, Phillips, I don't know.
I don't know how many Jews name Phillips.
Remember Phil Phillips and C of law?
Yeah.
Don't start looking forward in there.
Now I'm not asking to play it.
I'm just asking you.
Remember Phil Phillips?
I was a mevly of his hit.
He was a one hit wonder.
I do believe Phil Phillips.
Never seen him.
I'm looking.
Now that song is on the, um,
Bowser time life, uh, great and puking hits.
But, um, they don't show him.
So I don't know what he, why was he black?
Was he like in between?
Was he like a, what?
The only thing I have.
Why, library.
Yeah, the mevly of his smash.
He was a one hit wonder.
I'm smelling it.
Good song too.
And then of course the honey drippers or a bunch of other goyums.
That's it.
Copy that.
Black man.
Mom, mom, mom, mom.
Who's the black man?
Who's you ask?
How do you know that?
I just looked him up.
And it says he was a black man.
That sounds like a recall thing to me.
Oh, I look up his picture.
Oh, I see.
I love you.
Was he ugly?
He was handsome.
Well, okay, that's enough.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
They don't do that anymore.
That's the reason the music today sucks.
They know to...
Bob, they don't do that crap, you know?
Let's bring back what's his name with that, um,
with all that crap that he knows of it?
No, not Bowser.
You want Bowser?
I got your Bowser right here, or I've been everything I've seen all the time.
What?
Here's Bowser.
Bowser.
No, not any Bowser.
He's on here though.
Come on Bowser.
How come I don't hear nothing?
You know in a row that I just can't see tanks enough.
Welcome back.
We're on a musical journey through the 50s.
It was my favorite decade.
We finally had our own music and our own love songs.
Rock and roll love songs.
It's pretty easy to do talk ups when they lay the track over.
You know what I'm saying when they do it?
Anybody can do that.
You follow what I'm saying?
Bowser.
I was thinking about him over the weekend about him and the guy with the eyes.
Same person.
Same person.
I'm smelling you.
And then that guy at Woodbine, that tall goofy looking, he looks just like the guy with
the head too.
Yeah, I'm smelling him.
It's not a pretty Roma.
Oh, some of the people.
Oh, there was a guy I don't want anyone to go into it.
Can't people smell themselves without like bathing two days and they were in the same
clothes that smells like they slept in them?
Oh, there was this big fat nasty guy sat down next to me.
Thank God he lost real fast.
I was thinking I hope you have a bad machine, man.
And he did, at least for the time he was sitting there.
Oh, Jesus.
And I'm well, I mean, what are you going to do?
And I'm like, I'm tilting my head off to the side.
And you know, off to the side away from him like, oh, geez, please, please, Mr.
please, you stink.
I think of all the things, I mean, you know, for ugly like us, we can't help it.
That we are what we are.
Right.
Or fat, we can do something about it.
But it's not easy.
But you can control how you smell.
Yep.
And that's why my motto in life is if you can't look good, at least smell good.
Good play.
Yeah.
If you can't look good, at least smell good.
Don't smell like Schmidt.
Don't smell like crap.
Speaking of crap, Stormy is back again.
Stormcat's going to be a regular emailer now, I guess.
Just go away, Stormy.
Remember Stormy by the Class XIV?
Dennis Yostin, he just died, Dennis Yostin.
I think he did.
Class XIV.
They were pretty good.
Not great, but they were, you know, there it is.
Is that Stormy?
Yes, it is.
I'll be dead.
Because he here?
You were the sun that shine.
I don't always have that here.
Sometimes you don't have what?
Sometimes the year is listed.
Sometimes it is in what I've used.
66.
68.
68.
I was close.
I was within the ballpark.
I was within a couple of years.
Stormcat says, you said on Friday, my calls are boring.
That's right.
They are not only boring.
They're show killers.
You are a killer.
You're a murderer butcher.
You ought to be on death row, Stormy.
I hope you're listening to this more, Noi, did not.
Because I was on point.
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you one more time.
Don't be messing with me, man.
I call Joe every day and I can tell I'm a big part of that show.
That's why the numbers are in the tank.
So, thanks a lot.
I'm extending your front of the handshake.
You hope we never mention each other again.
Joe was stirring the pot.
I don't want to be nasty or anything.
Just leave alone and there will be no problem.
Okay, Storm?
Now, screw you.
Screw you.
Your calls are butchers.
They're just torture.
Purcher.
Purcher.
And the fact that Joe tolerates you indicates that he just,
like Joe, George says, Joe doesn't care.
He doesn't give a crap.
He'll put anybody on.
Anybody will kill Sam.
You know what?
In this market, I don't blame him.
I'm your friend.
He would probably even put him on.
I'm your friend.
I'm your sports friend.
Yeah.
For the pool.
Walt says this is probably not a pool candidate,
as I hope it doesn't happen often.
My ex-significant other had a pension for attempting to run me over
after screaming at me to exit her car.
She never got me as her aim wasn't that good and I was rather nimble.
After the third repeat occurrence,
I figured she was serious and her aim was improving.
I moved on.
Those crazy ones are great for sex,
but they have their own downside.
Ain't worth the risk, says WB.
How do you like that?
She kept trying to run him over.
Had bad aim.
What, had that tried to kill me?
Maybe he had bad aim.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
Who knows?
Who knows?
All these relationships, man.
Not good.
I mean, there's some that are good, maybe one or two.
Not yours.
Sorry, I was busy typing.
What does that mean?
No, but you were.
Jean from Cebrings says, how about passed away?
That's probably the worst thing can happen to me.
His significant other passed away.
Well, I'm sorry, Jean.
Jean always up until now seemed like such an upbeat, good emailer in fact,
or whatever.
But now his significant other died.
She died.
Well, I mean, it makes it sound like she did on purpose.
She died.
We're very sorry, but that's not what we're going for.
No.
That's not what we're looking for.
We're looking for things that people that like,
off to Lasso, so despite, right?
Right.
Out of spite.
There are a lot of spiteful people out there.
And of course, there's three sides to every story.
Everybody's got their own version of it, right?
Right.
I see some of these couples that would buy it.
I think, oh my god, those people actually are like
sleeping in the same building, much less in the same bed.
Oh, good.
Golly, Miss Molly.
Can't they smell each other?
I mean, oh, maybe that's a turn on for some people.
Stink.
You know, love stinks.
Yeah, it does.
Ooh.
Maybe that's why Mitch Ween threw up on his wedding night to Cheryl.
Oh, no!
I, Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
And now, in honor of Black History Month,
a profile from an African American.
This goes to the whitest black man in America.
This year's a war goes to Tiger Woods.
He is consistently saying that he is not black.
He is married to a white woman.
Well, so, how'd that sweetest model so good for him?
Any play is gone.
Now, if that ain't white, I don't know what it is.
I know, I know, I know.
His fathers have black, quarter Chinese,
quarter Native American.
And his mothers have tie quarter Chinese and quarter Dutch.
Which means that Tiger Woods is 100% f**ked up.
That was a Black History Month profile from an African American.
Oh, you can't talk that way about Tiger.
I want Tiger.
This thing with golf, man,
if there's one thing that I'll just never for lack of me understand,
these people obsessed with, I mean NASCAR is bad enough.
I don't understand that.
Other than the crash factory, you know.
But golf, there are no crashes in golf.
No.
There's no excitement.
There's no, there's nothing.
Oh, you ain't seen Tiger drain a 35-foot pump.
Oh, my God.
Drain this. Go drain the lizard.
God.
By the way, very jackass, you're really getting on my nerves.
Okay.
Why don't you alone put Larry King, okay?
Can snap each other's suspenders?
You can each other's deli sandwiches.
God.
What was that place that Larry used to plug all the time in DC?
Duke Zebra.
Duke Zebra, it's that's the one.
Very good memory.
Good.
Duke Zebra.
I had to board off that crash.
Did you really?
Oh, yeah.
For like a year.
Now, what are you talking about?
Larry's overnight show?
That's the one.
Oh, my God.
That thing was good.
Oh, yeah.
Are you kidding me?
Then they tried them in the daytime and I'm mutual and oh, Larry, we got the real programming
on the daytime.
We don't want to put that crap on.
And then the little.
Ed little was obsessed.
That's the one who got them on mutual overnight.
Ed little is responsible for Larry King, all those millions of dollars.
I wonder if Larry ever paid Ed little any money.
I doubt it.
Mr. Radio is here who's an idiot.
A total imbecile.
Simpled him.
A lifeless goon.
Neil, I take exception to your rants about radio groupies.
No, you're the epitome of it, Mr. Radio.
You're why everybody hates radio groupies.
People like you have no lives at all.
In the late 70s, early 80s, you were a radio groupie.
No, I was not.
You would talk about every other radio personality in the market.
Well, there was a time and a place that was radio-stick.
It was shocking and compelling radio.
Shocking and compelling radio.
How do you like that?
Not as shocking as when Stormy calls in on the Joe Roshoe, but close.
You think it might have been close?
No.
I only found out about Bob Lasseter, Alice Randell, Steve Canem, and the others because of
your show.
When did you stop loving radio?
Oh, when Joe Bell came to town.
Before Lasseter died, he wrote you a letter.
In the letter, he referenced the fall and out you head.
What did he say that pissed you off so bad?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
He never told me.
And what's it to you?
And what is something about the Kamilis House campaign on your lifestyle?
Do you understand that sentence?
No.
What is something about, I don't understand.
It's chopped off, but even so it makes no sense.
Bob and many others were inspired and compelled by you.
A lot of compelling going on here.
Compelled.
The spirit of Christ compelled him.
You could have been the dean of Miami radio today, but you choose the distance yourself
from the others.
This has been a factor in the demise of talk radio and Miami.
What could have been, Neil?
What could have been?
What distance myself from what others?
From Mr. Ego?
Well, what is he talking about from Jimmy Cifilis?
Oh, this is a sad, sad creature.
You just mentioned that on Friday.
Creature features.
He should have been on it.
Creature feature.
With Arthur Arthur Treacher.
Those fishing chips, how much of that place has been out of this long since, isn't it?
Arthur Treacher's fishing chips?
They've been absorbed by Miami subs.
Are you cereal?
Right.
Kenny Rogers Roasters, Arthur Treacher's fishing chips.
I forget what else is in there.
They're basking Robbins, I think they crammed in there.
So they all consolidate?
Right.
Yeah, that seems to be the deal.
Here we got Taco Smell and Tim Hortons together in one or two joints.
Brandon gives a little short bio on the sisters, the Shrestors.
The daughters of Russian Jewish immigrants, the twins attended a central high school.
Central high school in Sue City.
Oh, my God.
Sue City.
And then went down to study at Morningside College.
You imagine being Jewish in Sue City, Iowa?
Holy cow.
They were very close at a joint wedding ceremony in 1939 to age 21.
The story of Derabi is an acknowledged phenomenon of later day journalism had began in January
1956 when Pauline Friedman Phillips, a 37-year-old newcomer to San Francisco area, phoned the
editor of the San Francisco Chronicle told him she could write a better advice column than
the one she had been reading in newspaper.
He hired her and the rest as they say his history.
And now what they say?
Yeah.
The rest is history.
Derabi.
She's still alive in the sister day, and she's dead.
What was the name again?
With Pauline Friedman Phillips.
Right.
Don't sound like Derabi to me.
Where did that Abigail vent beer income from?
Boy, if one thing I hate is those.
I can't stand him.
Jesus Christ.
Abigail van Buren.
Her real name is Rosalene Schwartz and her stage name is Jaime Schmith.
Yeah.
David says, hey, it's David from Flossmore, Illinois.
Flossmore.
I was just in West Palm Beach for a couple of days.
Excited I didn't have to listen to you on the internet.
I actually listened to you in the car.
Man alive, you're not kidding.
I couldn't hear you at all.
WQM should be embarrassed how awful the frequency is.
Not how awful the frequency is.
How awful the signal is.
It blows.
How about now you hear me, David?
Anyways, keep up the good work.
I love the horse racing stuff.
Keep it up.
George you demand as well.
And Josh Friedman sucks.
Says David.
What?
That's what I mean.
No, just it's a non-sequitur, but I know.
I thought you might have made it up.
Don't I did not make it up.
Wow.
Why never finish the thing about Alan Landers.
That's OK.
Nobody knows who that is.
No.
Oh, wait till I get to my letter to the editor.
Your editor.
The program deserves better radio announcers from Ben Brisslond.
About Joe Zagaki.
Basically what he says is.
Joe Zagaki sucks, OK?
But it goes on a great length.
And well deserved to be read on this show.
And it will be.
That's from the fake Barry Jackass.
Thanks for that, Barry.
As far as Larry King, you're good over your obsession.
It's not compelling.
Compelling radio, Mr. Radio, he needs a lobotomy.
He needs to have the radio groupism removed from his,
whatever's left of his brain.
You know who he reminds me of?
Woody.
Oh, oh, you know what he.
Oh, yeah.
Not Woody Graber, chronic Woody.
Another one of the horrendous collars.
One of the worst of all time.
One of the all time worst.
One of the most obnoxious subhuman.
And people keep, oh, you call these names.
Well, you know what?
It's true.
This business is a maggot magnet.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
No question.
The radio is a maggot magnet.
It attracts.
I'm not saying that, you know, all the people
listen to our maggots.
Some.
No, but it just attracts them.
Just to make it all those who are.
The guy with the eyes, the guy with the fanny pack.
That one.
That one, yeah.
Mr. Radio.
Stormcat.
That was up 16 and a half points.
I don't know how long I'm going to leave this pool under.
You like this pool?
I guess it's OK.
It's fun.
It's an outlet for people who hate their spouse,
past and current and future and whatever.
It's an outlet.
A lot of that going on, George, is what I hear.
It's what I hear.
I don't know why your gaze won't get married.
It's not going to look out too well for a straight stop.
Not working out too well for the heteros.
50% divorce rate.
Yeah.
Immersed.
Over 50%.
You know, they show us.
I really enjoy, although they show them over and over again.
MSNBC on the weekend.
They show those crime stories, you know, those true crime stories and trials and stuff.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yep.
Like on the watch any of those?
The wife likes them.
So every once in a while, I'll watch them.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
I mean, after you've seen it the 500th time, you know, the verdict and the trial is going
to be whatever.
It's a little.
And they have the like the BTK killer.
I guess you had to be out west to know about that either that or I must have slept through
that.
Did you know about him?
That thing was on again a few days ago.
Yeah, I had heard stuff, but not like a lot.
No, he was like, no, it's on a same or like that, you know, it had bunded.
The BTK and every time I hear that, it sounds like something in Burger King.
Doesn't it?
Yep.
What does that sandwich they got that sounds like that?
The BTK.
Yeah.
The BTK tea or something?
I'm going to have to look at it.
Get out of here.
BTK tea, my ass.
The BTK boiler.
The BTK tea.
Oh, the beast is maybe it's the fact I have a Mac, but the stream just crashed for me.
I am the beast.
Well, let me take a look and see if it's the stream.
Not for you.
Not for us.
Not for everybody else.
Oh, Lou from Coral Gables, if you think I'm reading this crap, you're dreaming.
It's a shot.
Not a shot.
It's personally, but a shot at something.
I'll tell you about it someday.
OK.
I live long enough.
By the way, maybe I'll be here tomorrow.
Maybe I won't.
OK.
When will we know?
Later in the day.
OK.
I'll text you.
OK.
Because I don't want to take a day off and then find out that I'm going to go waste my time
doing something that I have to like make an appointment to do.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
You think I have to make an appointment to do that thing?
I don't know.
I don't either.
I'll find out.
Great.
Oh, Jerry.
Oh, Jerry.
Oh, it's pull time.
Pull whatever he says.
Stop.
Stop, Jerry.
Don't stop sending the polls.
Just stop being chronic.
Gene from Seabring says you're right about having been an inappropriate poll recommendation.
I should have thought before I email live.
I'm feeling sorry for myself today.
Apologies.
Well, we feel sorry for you too, Gene.
If we could bring your lovely wife back, we would.
Here's the fake bad lesson.
Do you know Anthony Kelliando?
Not personal.
And then he signs familiar.
Wasn't that from some car dealer or something?
Yeah.
From the dead bottle answer.
Do I know Anthony Kelliando?
And what's it to you?
Oh, Neil.
This is the Neil Rancher Show.
Just as your brain.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Any questions?
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. I spend my weekends judging toddler beauty pageant sky.
Mr. I spend my weekends judging toddler beauty pageant sky.
There's a special place in hell for people like you.
And it's right next to the actual parents of the little Botox bloated Bratz you judge.
I'm too sexy for my diaper.
But guys at the office have box seats for the big game.
But you respectfully decline.
Due to your previous commitment at the local mall Sunday at noon in front of Bill LeBair.
I'll contest as much as I ride one hour for a hand.
Interesting that you've chosen this particular line of work.
After all, you have no children of your own and still live with...
MOTHER.
BABY MY TAY.
Obviously, it takes a special talent and a keen eye to discover the next John Benet.
And let's be frank, how else are you going to occupy your time until the FBI returns your computer?
So we salute you.
Mr. I spend my weekends judging toddler beauty pageant sky.
You're curious odor.
You're recently deleted Facebook page and your aliases.
You are a real American A-hole.
Absolutely.
Anthony Calliander was the main man.
He was the mortgage guy.
Don't you remember?
That's right.
There you go.
I remember it and then I Googled it and I was right.
And I thought to myself, God, what a memory.
That that was up one point less than two bucks.
1.91.
Wesley who's gone from a good email or to a real idiot.
Wesley, Wesley and Lakeland remember he used to be...
Well, he started doing this.
He's been pretty good.
He occasionally had something to say.
Now he's just a...
There's nothing worse than people who aren't funny trying to be funny.
Oh, by the way, speaking of emails, I got a copy of that email also and I forwarded it along...
Which one?
The one that we're not going to talk about.
Oh, yeah.
So there.
Did it name this specific place?
I didn't get that much of it.
It's fine.
I forwarded it along to people who will need to...
Who can look into it?
Good.
Okay, fine.
But you can see what I'm not going to read it out here.
Absolutely.
No chance.
What did you say?
About 30, man.
Absolutely.
Wesley says, is it true that WQM is going to put it signal on an HD radio frequency on FM?
That should give you two more listeners.
Hey, how can we don't ever email me back?
If you did, I promise I'd read it to my listeners.
Wesley and Lakeland desperately try to be a comedian not funny.
Gone from a good emailer to a jackass.
To a...
So much of that out there.
Here's one from John Young, fake listener.
That's what it says.
A subject, paper.
Not paper, paper.
Must you really put all your emails?
Part of the beauty of email is saving paper.
Where's that paper?
Get over yourself.
Save tree.
Read off your computer monitor.
Go ahead.
Keep whining.
Sincerely, fake listener.
Yeah, go ahead.
Every time I get to the elevator and there's somebody else waiting to get on there,
me being Mr. Polite Torontonia now.
I say, and then you just used to say it, but now I say,
go ahead and I'm thinking about that dropping, you know.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Very captivating.
Like Mr. Radio would say, compelling.
This is a guy who's living in a different time.
I mean, that was an error when we had four stations doing talk.
And there was a whole different, but there's nobody doing talk radio anymore.
It's all sports talk.
It's all giving me to ball, giving me to ball, giving me how about them fish?
Yeah, all that crap.
God.
People like Stormy calling in.
That's what it's degenerated into now.
Talk about the degenerate.
Brian, the fake premonster of New Zealand says,
the worst thing my significant other ever did was marry me.
Marriage is strictly for white masterkists and perhaps just for goyem.
Anyway, I guess for the polo suggestion could read,
became my significant other in the first place,
but that would be your winner right there.
By the way, I don't agree with George on much,
but he's dead on about the brilliance of the flood of the concords.
Show us hysterical.
Anyone doesn't agree can go garfunkel himself.
Loving your showing Kiwi land, Brian, the premonster of New Zealand.
Right.
Cute.
Real cute.
Not as cute as West Sea and Lakeland, but almost.
And they're right on what he said.
They're spot on about marriage.
That was down 10 points.
Oh.
Here's the joke.
Father walks into a restaurant.
Yeah, okay.
That's the end of that.
Neil Abbey, Pauline, is still alive.
I don't know whether they hit her with five shots.
Her daughter has done the con for about 10 years
and legally took over the name Abigail van Buren.
So dear Abbey is kind of like Sandy Claus.
You know, there's not only just one that goes from one to the next one to the, you know, like that.
Like Sandy Claus.
George is correct.
Lot and Charles was on his exercise, Buck and Kea, a bike.
Careful.
Buck and Kea Lover.
Turned out he had an enlarged heart.
Wouldn't you think the governor's doctor would have known that?
Who became governor for 37 days?
Buddy McKay.
Oive, it's Buddy McKay.
Why do you think they call it Goober anyway?
That's one of the chicken eggs greatest lines of all time.
Why do you think they call it Goober?
Nitorial.
Art.
Bloody McKay.
Okay, here's this thing.
Letter to the editor.
Great football program deserves better radio announcers.
This is written by a guy by the name of Ben Brisland was sent to me by the fakeberry jackass.
Most people can agree that Hurricane Athletics is second to none.
Well, sure.
That badminton team is kicking ass.
The list reads like a resume, five national football championships, four baseball national championships,
and countless other words in sports.
However, there's one award you will never hold for a long time.
That's the award for college broadcasters.
In fact, I'm more than willing to say that the U.M. has the worst broadcasters among all division one schools.
Therefore, I believe that Joe Zagaki should hit the unemployment line.
What they're trying to say is.
George Zagaki sucks, okay?
Okay.
Zagaki is affectionately known to his few, and I do use the word few loosely fans as Joe and is the man,
the main play-by-play voice for a football basketball and the occasional baseball game.
Listening to Zagaki call a game is like nails against the blackboard.
There are times when I've avoided listening to Hurricane games on radio because of Zagaki.
His voice is so monotone, and when he tries to yell, he sounds like a person needs to use a mechanical lyrics
because he lost his original one due to smoking.
Boy, a little bit over the top here, not inaccurate though.
I would say,
Oh my, oh my!
Zagaki's voice is so bad it's gotten a major notoriety from such radio personalities as Dan Labaster and WQM veteran neo-rogers.
Oh my, oh my!
There's no requirement of being friendly in this line of work in Zagaki, make sure that he does not fit the bill.
As one former co-worker, Zagaki told me,
Joe is a cold person because he's constantly looking over his shoulder thinking someone will take his job.
Sounds like Mepho.
I thought he was the one who was always looking over his shoulder.
Oh, Rimmer wants my job!
Oh geez!
Zagaki's unprofessional conduct also has gotten him into trouble when he confronted WQM announces after baseball game last May.
Oh, we didn't hear about that, did you?
Nope.
He confronted WQM announces after baseball game last May.
Wow!
My question is, who's asked Zagaki kissing to keep his job as voice of one of the proudest universities in the country?
Proudest universities, my ass!
You crazy person or what?
I was surprised to not find one person who said they enjoyed listening to Zagaki lead broadcast.
Someone even farther saying they would rather listen to WQM instead of Zagaki.
WQM's time is 322.
It's Mike Rosenthal with the news.
There are several candidates out there where I think it would be more qualified to be the new voice of the hurricane,
to bring credibility and class back to the broadcast.
Both one option should be Dave Lamont, the morning host of 610WID former, as well as the play-by-play guy for some of ABC's college football games.
Jeremy Marks-Pelts would also be a good choice.
Marks-Pelts graduated from UN 2005, has an excellent reputation in the UN community.
Well, great.
There are many other options out there, but both Lamont and Marks-Pelts are wins in my book.
In the meantime, Zagaki should probably learn a for a job at Don Bailey Carpets with that other stooge who thinks he's an analyst.
Brian Bristlawan, Miami.
BSC, oh wait, what does that mean? BSC?
I don't know. I'm not going to gas either.
Well, why not?
Because everything that I would guess would have to dump.
BSC?
Oh, BSC?
BSC, that too.
I'm saving that one. I'm putting it on the bottom of my pile right here.
Maybe I'll read it every hour on the hour.
Why is Joseph Gackie there because the people at UN, it's not a profession at all.
It's a fraternity.
There's a bunch of blue-nosed A-holes who make those decisions.
What?
It's a fraternity, right?
Like some of us have been saying for a while.
Is it really?
Kind of like Q-A-M?
Kind of like the whole sports nerd fraternity.
All the same frat yet.
All these guys kiss each other's ass.
Kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
That's why people like that jerk on Monday Night Football.
What else is his name?
Tony, whatever his name is.
Even the Humper told me how disappointed he was at how bad the guy is on those telecasts.
He told me that right to my face, it didn't hurt the woodbine.
I'm so sorry that the one chance I see the Humper, maybe I'll never see him again.
And I wound up having dinner with him at woodbine, at the willows, the worst swill that buffet.
Oh, tapioca from.
All he did, he refrained from the desserts.
I didn't want to have my aide right in front of him.
Because that's the only good part of the meal is the desserts.
Was that bad to me to do that?
Yeah.
I mean, I figured what could little dessert hurt?
I mean, he was huge, humongous.
Lovey Hank, lose an answer to, okay, please, you look bad.
You look just gigantic.
A puppet from hell, I mean, just a giant puppet.
Looked like he was the Octopop.
Yeah, the Octopop.
He was about to pop eight kids out of there.
Out of that gigantic.
Yeah.
You think I'm kidding, man.
When I gave him a hug, he was like, it was like a meeting of flesh to the likes of which
it would be like Josh Friedman.
Oh, boy.
Zach France and the beast, all getting into like a circle fat.
Oh, jeez.
So I don't know what the beast problem is because the streaming apparently is up.
It's green all the way around, no dropouts.
Here's one that says, isn't Joseph Gackie's, oh my, from the Comfort Voice Recorder,
the plan that knows to dive into the house in Miramar.
That's, that's in very bad taste yet, is it, isn't it?
Extremely fortese, so I won't read it more than two or three times again.
Bad things.
Nioh Roger.
Not funny.
I'm so far.
Show me yours, I'll show you mine.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh.
Serving of humanity, Toxel Host, Hemroyd Sufferr.
Folks with over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you theirs help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue,
just with for my picture on the box of suppositories,
have the applicator tube, another fine product from OIV,
the obesity and broadcasting network.
Applicator, watch you.
1117 at 560 WQM, haven't talked about that schedule for today,
and pretty good reason too, I guess.
Why?
I got the big O2 to 4.
What?
Huh?
Mad Dog, Jim Mad is 4 to 7.
Dolphin tonight, 7 o'clock, at that point,
every radio in the world finds another home.
And then 8 to 11 we got DA.
So, so once the other shoe gonna drop about,
about 2 to 4, about DA, about stuff that's gonna go on here.
What do you all worried about?
Not worried, did I say I was worried?
I know.
You're starting to get like some of these e-mailers.
What are you worried about?
I didn't say I was worried.
You mentioned something.
What?
Huh?
It's not gonna make a difference.
Is my point.
You're so freaking negative.
I'm positive, it's not gonna make a difference.
Are you positive?
I'm positive.
Absolutely.
Positive, too late.
Yeah.
Oh.
I thought maybe we'd bring jerks back or something exciting.
You can get back in a train that goes across and back and forth
across and straight.
Yeah.
Come on that shit.
Yeah.
They never hired him over there, did they?
They never, I guess they put them on a couple of times.
They thought, oh geez.
Burn me once, you know, shame on in the world.
Can't get fooled again.
That was down 14 points.
Oh boy.
Adam Oshmok.
Oh boy.
You alright?
No, I just died.
Okay, do you need the help?
I just got some like flim or something.
It just relax.
You are the one that's uptight today.
Just calm down.
Jesus, God.
You're like on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
That's it.
Does that what he sounds like?
I'm over the edge.
Yes.
Adam Oshmok over there in Kitchener Waterloo says,
regarding the Schlotz.
They have got some flim.
Oh.
Working its way up.
Oh, or down or in.
Neil, I've always wondered how long it takes to know if you have a bad machine.
You take the two spins and then if it's crappy move on,
you take two spins and then move on.
What a, Jesus.
God, what a puss.
Or do you watch what other people are doing or what?
Yeah.
My best suggestion to you is stay away.
Adam.
Don't go anywhere near a Schlotz machine, man.
I want to learn how not to lose my ass.
I just gave you the answer that don't go.
Right?
Right.
By the way, something.
Yes.
That thing on Thursday that might happen?
Yeah.
We'll happen.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, yeah.
Welcome.
Wow.
Well, can't we say what it is?
Yeah.
Well, then why did you put it in such a nebulous terms?
Well, because then I would have to know what it is.
It's a basketball game.
We got a UN basketball game and I bet you I know who's going to be doing it.
Terrific, Jackie.
Oh, my God.
It's the ACC tournament Thursday at noon.
We're being preempted for a UN basketball game.
Well, the rating is not to be sky high for that clearance.
But you know what?
We'll take the day.
We'll take those two hours off.
Right.
It's going to be a nice short week.
Maybe I'm not really sure.
I have my doubts about that whole deal tomorrow.
I think the thing is something you need to make an appointment for well in advance.
I could be wrong about that.
I'm trying to find out online.
But I'm going to have to make some calls later on.
I don't want to go shlup it over there and then wind up standing online for two hours.
Oh, geez, you have to make an appointment to, you know, like that.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
I would think you being the illegal alien that you are would know something about that.
But what?
A visas.
Nope.
You know what?
Nope.
How about Mastercard?
That I know.
Here's some really good news.
Finally, with everything that's going on, everybody's out of work.
Everybody's all depressed.
Nobody can get alone.
Nobody can buy a car, a house or whatever.
Here's some good news.
15% of Americans have no religion.
Making some progress a little bit.
Fewer call themselves Christians, non-denominational identification increases.
This is from the Washington Post.
The percentage, by the way, we need lots and lots of emails today.
Needle at needlerodges.com.
We had pretty good pile there from the beginning.
But, you know, then it fades out.
Fades into oblivion.
Let me take a puke at it right now.
Oh, yeah, there's a couple on there.
I saw a picture of the beast on QM's website.
You aren't kidding.
He says, ugly as a bucket full of ass clown.
I wouldn't sit on any seat.
This man beast has.
Neal, stand candidate, safer.
We'll pray for poor George, just in coherent crap.
Kurt says, I happen to get back to the thing about religion.
You have plenty of time.
Lots and lots of time.
I happen to catch the baseball game over the weekend.
Says, Kurt, when the beast opened up his fat mouth, I thought to myself,
how the hell do the canes put up with these hacks?
Clarence on basketball, the beast on baseball, and Don Bailey, Jr. on football.
Generally speaking, the team has to approve the announces for the game.
Don't they? Yes.
Are these three rejects the best that they can come up with?
Yes.
There are no x-jocks in this town that they could put on.
Of course, they might actually have to pay them.
I guess the price is right.
Clarence and DBJ work for ego and beast works for food.
I would imagine that Joe Zee is the only one who actually gets paid.
He's got to thank his lucky stars if he's able to feed his family from that gig.
He must have naked pictures on Dona doing Paul D before he retired.
Excuse me, but I need to puke just thinking about it.
Says, Kurt.
Well, today is Rip Joe Zegaki and Astey.
I don't know why.
You think they'd be ripping Jimmy Cifilus?
But then again, Jimmy, you'd do nothing.
I've said that morning Nazi show on IOD.
That highly rated morning Nazi show.
Georgia has an opinion about those UM broadcasts.
He doesn't listen to them.
Oh.
Well, that's because they're so bad, right?
I say, yeah. Well.
Well, the state of sports casting in South Florida has reached out to the United States.
The epidemic lows.
Maybe all time lows.
And nobody talks about Geldy on those Panther games.
I have no idea why.
Can't imagine why.
Because nobody cares about the Panthers.
That's probably why.
We're going to make the playoffs this year for the first time in about 100 years.
They got a really good shot.
Ranges. Ranges.
Yeah, the Rangers won some games.
Big deal.
Georgia's pretty whipped up about the Panthers chances.
I know that.
Oh, yes.
And they're bringing the rats back.
And I still have my rats from the original time around.
Now, are you the one that told me that about the rats?
No, it was beast.
The only thing is that they're throwing them after the game is over.
That's throwing them on the ass as opposed to during the game.
Right.
All those delays and penalties like they were getting before with those stupid people.
I remember one guy was at a game at the old Miami.
That's where I was going on that year.
The year the rat.
At the old arena in Miami and some punk sitting there in the roses to me.
Oh, well, that's what I come here for to throw a bunch of crap on the ice.
And I thought this is the business we have chosen.
Come to a hockey game to throw crap on the ice.
Only in South Florida.
Dumb, dumber and dumbest.
Is that why you would go to see a hockey game to throw crap on the ice?
Sure.
How about to take a crap on the ice?
To pick up chicks and, you know, there are lots of reasons to go to a hockey game.
Take a crap on the ice.
That sounds like a new in-between period activity.
Have a crap taking context.
You can take the biggest dump on the ice in-between periods.
I mean, the stupid stuff that they do in-between periods is all arenas.
Just, you know, why can't they just play the organ music or whatever and let people-
Real, real quietly, let people talk.
Can they do that?
They could.
But no, it's got to be a constant cocafity of noise, loud, louder and loudest.
Loud.
Here is pudding.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, empezar to start a  hemo blue swaps I'm still finished beating her later I'm not in despair lends
Looks like I will be here tomorrow.
You don't have to worry about doing the show.
All right.
All right.
Well, six, eight to 10 weeks to get an appointment
to apply for a visa and a travel aid
last night.
So I don't think that's going to be happening.
All right.
They follow what I'm saying.
Sure do.
Doesn't it better to look it up and then make a call
or two and find out for sure as opposed to like taking
tomorrow off and then saying, well, that was a big waste
of time that we just went to woodbine.
Oh, that's a, sounds like a plan.
Although Thursday at noon, sounds like a real appointment
for me, doesn't it?
Yeah.
The ACC Tourney game, the Hurray Kings,
against some horseball team at noon, college basketball
with clearance.
This is where we're at.
This is where we are at.
This is the kind of stuff right in the middle of daytime
when people are awake.
I did you and baseball on WS News for years,
but we did the games on the weekends.
Weekends.
When nobody listens anyway.
We didn't like, you know, except for the college world series
which, you know, somebody might be interested in,
we, you know, we carried them whenever they played them.
But during the regular season, we carried them on weekends,
not right in the middle of the daytime, like at noon,
when we might get a chair.
Whoa, but we'd rather have the time off, right?
Because the rest of the stuff is a, although we do have
that kick ass January, it looks like in men 2554,
we kicked some big smelly rectum, man.
You don't seem to impressed about that.
Of course we're talking about it.
It's the first month of the, you know, the winter book.
I'm very excited about that.
That's the keeper.
I know.
November and December, which both sucked, I'm sure.
Try to vanish.
They're going to know what is more excited about that.
Really?
Really?
Why do you need the money?
Are you kidding?
Let me ask you this.
There's a lot of people have been asking me,
how's that car coming?
That's funny.
Let me put a few people on the streets and they ask,
how's George's car coming?
A lot of comedians out there, when's their show start?
And I say, well, it's coming.
So it's Christmas.
Sure.
So Christmas will actually get here.
And the car won't?
Right.
That sounds to me like you're claiming that they lied to you.
I'm not going to say that, although I have.
I have a little bit of a circle.
They're not making a serious effort.
I, uh, I have no way.
We've seen the me today with the, with the incredible number
of cars sitting around and lots, and nobody can afford
to buy one.
Nobody's selling any cars.
Yep.
That somebody would be delighted to exchange for you
in automobile for their advertising.
A nice trade out for a car that's
all outing on the line.
I have to pay for the advertising.
They can, you know, jump off some bogus car in your lab.
Mm-hmm.
Check out the assaults.
This is not about a little car.
I need something that can call your family, yeah.
A family and other people as well.
And what?
And other people as well on that guy.
Like a van.
Like just a, a third row of seats would be nice.
A third row of seats.
Like the Drango has.
It has three rows of seats.
Yeah.
I've seen eight people in it.
That's, uh, you know, I think they'll be able to see
it's other eight people.
Oh, and by the way, Chris, uh, Fat Chris, Wailin.
Yes.
Yesterday, he finally got the bedtime stories on there.
But I don't know.
He must have been out all night or something.
Because he got him out there.
I don't know.
No one at one o'clock.
Good.
Pretty late.
Good what?
But he was out all night.
If that's what it was.
He, he, maybe you forgot about it.
What's the story, Tubby?
Well, he, I'm sure he's not listing anyway.
I'm sure he's got a busy full.
In fact, he's probably a starting on a couple of lunches right now.
It's probably, we just leave him is what I'd be doing if I were him.
Why is that after work in the overnight?
Even on Monday, even last night he worked.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know when that starts.
Yeah.
Chris Wailin, five to six a.m.
He was out with Jesse Agarim this morning.
See, they're early edition.
Now, there's a show that's getting a lot of promotion on this station.
Not five to six a.m.
Jesse Agar, who actually is a broadcaster who belongs on here,
who sounds good.
And fat Chris Wailin, formerly of this show.
That was down one point of each year.
I choked up about it.
It's not doing too much today.
And the best news of all for me,
not that anybody there cares about it.
Well, who, listen, if it's good for me, it's good for America, right?
Yeah, sure.
The loony is down to 76 points, something.
That's the lowest in a long time.
The loony, the Canadian dollar.
Oh, no, it's back up to 77.02, but that's close to 76.
77.
See what I was talking about the other day?
How that number is going to happen up.
All the time, 77.
Now, can I get back to this very refreshing article about 15% of Americans have no religion?
The religious stuff people are finally catching on.
They're a little bit slow.
The percentage of Americans who call themselves Christians is dropped dramatically over the past two decades.
And those who do are increasingly identifying themselves without traditional denomination labels,
according to a major study of US religion being released today.
The survey of more than 54,000 people conducted between February and November of last year
showed the percentage of Americans identifying as Christians has dropped to 76% of the population down from 86% in 1990.
Those who do call themselves Christians are more frequently describing themselves as
non-denominational evangelical or born again, according to American religious identification survey.
The survey is conducted by researchers at Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, and funded by the Lillian Dalmat and Posent Foundation.
It's one of the nation's largest major surveys of religion conducted in 1990, 2000, and again, last year.
The increase in people labeling themselves in more generic Christian terms corresponds strongly
with the decline of people identifying themselves as Protestant.
And now they just say, oh, what am I, uh, goi?
Just a generic goi.
People calling themselves mainland Protestants including Methodists and Lutherans have dropped to 13% of the population down from 19% in 1990.
The number of people who describe themselves as generically Protestant went from 17 million in 1990, down to just 5 million.
Meanwhile, the number of people who use non-denominational terms has gone from 194,090 to more than 8 million.
Oh, just generic goi. That's good enough.
There is now this shift in the non-cafatic population, maybe among American Christians in general, into the sort of generic soft evangelisms said Mark Silk,
who directs Trinity's program on public values and helps supervise the survey.
The survey substantiated several general trends already identified by sociologists, the slipping importance of denomination in America,
the growing number of people who say they have no religion, and the increase in religious minorities including Muslims, Mormons, and such movements as Wicca and Paganism.
The witches are taken over.
Good. Good.
I hope they do.
The only group that could in every well-gun would be good for broom sales, I bet.
When you think?
Here. Does Nibbriwitch have to fly in a broom?
No.
Stick.
The only group that could in every US state since the 2001 survey was people saying they had no religion.
The survey says this group is now 15% of the population, so it said this group is likely responsible for the shrinking percentage of Christians in the USA.
Northern New England, the surpassed the Pacific Northwest, is the least religious section of the country.
34% of them are residents say they have no religion.
The report said the country has a growing non-religious or irreligious minority, 27% of those individuals said they did not expect to have religious funeral or service when they died, and 30%.
About 30, man.
Of people who had married said their service was not religious. Those questions were nashed in previous surveys.
The survey reflects a key question that demographers, sociologists, and political scientists have been asking recent years, who makes up this growing group of evangelicals?
44% of Americans, 77 million Christians, adults say they're born again or evangelical.
The Jesus Christures.
Meanwhile, 18% of Catholics also chose that label as that 40% of mainline Christians.
You ever mainline Christianity?
Just this morning.
You ever see what's his name's arm?
Who?
Jarlido?
Oh, no.
He's mainlining it.
If people call themselves evangelical, it doesn't tell you as much as you think it tells you about what kind of church they go to, so it says it depends.
It depends the conundrum about who evangelicals are.
It's a conundrum.
Extra small for those guys from India, a conundrum.
Now, let's see how these emails are coming.
Well, that's great news about Thursday, and it's even better news about tomorrow, I guess.
Well, I mean, it all depends on where you sit, you know.
I sit right here, and it is greatness.
Is it?
Yep.
You want to go back to your legs?
You want to go back to your legs?
You want to show them all?
Or whatever.
But it's easier to not have to.
Jason Danko and Evan Tura says, wow, just watch some clips of you on YouTube.
What is or was whammy?
Never saw what you looked like before.
I can't believe you look exactly like that cartoon on the website of your head in the mailbox.
Pretty funny.
You read an email last week that hit the nail on the head about for me about George.
He sounds like he'd rather be picking the spooge out from under his toenails than contributing anything to the show.
He should just run the board and keep his mouth shut.
He drags the show down the toilet when he opens his mouth.
Why is he even there?
Happy anniversary.
Jason Danko and Evan Tura.
Moth's 11.
That's why you're there, right?
Sure.
He needs the cash.
Oh, Barry Jackass sends me the fake Twitter and you're, oh, God.
Yeah, it's a whole play by play on the show just like they do on a stern thing.
Only his is for real.
Follow the new Roger show.
Not great ratings today, but great show.
Take that John ZTR.
And then on.
Yeah, Barry Jackass is this for real.
Oh, I remember this spot.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, I got all carried away there because Barry is driving me nuts.
When you like to find the real Barry Jackass, I still say piano wire.
It would be the best way to put some of these people out of their misery.
Where the fagship stays?
Jason, you're on QAM.
You don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Like that.
And he also forgot to say that.
So let's know for sure tomorrow.
And I hate to keep yanking you around like a yo-yo about what?
But it looks very likely if this thing is off and you'll be able to take that week vacation you wanted.
Oh, excellent.
I'll let you know tomorrow for sure.
I don't want I don't want you to running home today.
No, no, no.
It's a plan.
No pressure.
Don't worry about it.
I feel pressured like Maria Barturomo would say.
Pressure pressure.
The dollar was under pressure.
The market's under pressure.
That'll throw her ugly ass into a pressure cooker and just fry her for lunch.
For some people with very bad taste.
Some people have had their taste buds scraped off.
Including the guy that wrote this letter to this teacher at UAM.
I'll get to it in a second.
Response to the criticism of QAM and answer Joe Zagaki.
Oh boy.
What is this from?
Hurricane Reader.
They actually have a...
I guess they do.
They have their own newspaper at the UAM Hurricane Reader.
Is that it?
Uh, okay.
I'm going to read years ago.
In fact, way back in the beginning on KAT.
100 years ago.
Some controversy over stuff that was in the hurricane at newspaper.
I forget what it was all about.
I think what they said was...
There's a guy that's stuck, okay?
And that was before he was even doing their games.
They already knew that.
I wonder if Joe freed his dead.
I guess he's still dead.
He was the news director of WKAT.
I had to have breakfast with Joe before Sid Levin made my hiring official at KAT back in 1976.
I had to meet him at the...
Is it the Halliday old diner?
It's on 441.
Miramar diner.
Okay.
I think he's dead.
He was the news director of the great deep voice.
Why is it that people with deep voices mostly are boring?
I mean, really boring people.
I don't know.
You know what I mean?
Like Lasseter.
I kind of like him.
He was boring.
Don't be knocking the dead now.
Like Joe freed Bob Lasseter.
That is such bad...
Bad form.
I'm really surprised that I like you to be knocking dead people.
I was right.
Holy cow.
Yeah, exactly.
Barbara and Sunrise is...
I just turned on the radio so I don't know if you mentioned it.
But my counter reads...
Purim begins its sundown.
So happy Purim.
How do you like that?
Sundown to George.
No, no, no.
Purim is tomorrow.
It begins its sundown to be...
Happy Purim.
So we don't say happy Purim until tomorrow when we're in it.
Buddy.
It begins tonight.
Right.
Happy Purim.
Well, you never get your home in Tosha and ready too soon.
This is true.
You can never say...
Happy Purim.
Too much.
Now what's the Purim all about?
Esther and the...
That's right.
The Shrester and...
And Haman.
The King Hayah...
Haman and the Haman Tosha.
Right.
That's really how you say that.
I guess.
Haman Tosha?
I guess.
But it just...
It don't sound good.
It's just a Haman Tosha.
It's more Haman Tosha.
And don't be...
...in those little hard triangular ones, they're airsots.
That's a...
...irreplot.
They're all poison.
Eat the big soft ones, man, with the poppy seeds inside.
Those, especially when they're still warm in it, at the bakery...
Oh my God.
Those who just to die for.
And maybe that bakery...
What was it?
Pastry Lane?
Right.
Very good.
Maybe they're going to bring you in.
They've probably got a business long since...
I don't know.
Why would you say that?
Well, because they forgot about us, but then again suited everybody else.
Why should they be...
Like anybody else.
Somebody bring George some real Haman Tosha tomorrow.
You know, something that would have been a real good reason to take the day off tomorrow.
It's a poem.
Not that it's a religious holiday, but nevertheless.
I'll have to think about it.
I'll send you a message.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Barbara says, do you still watch the young in the horny?
I don't watch any soap operas anymore, Barbara.
You never talk about it anymore.
That's because I don't watch it.
The storylines are really stupid now, even worse than before.
Have a good one, Neil.
Barbara and Sunrise.
You too, Babs.
Babs.
And happy poem.
Well, it's a good thing she mentioned that, because we've forgotten all about it.
Hadn't we?
No.
It's on the calendar for tomorrow.
Like you were looking at it.
Right.
It's in front of me.
It's all I look at.
Really?
Yeah.
I'd be pressing.
Yeah, well.
You don't have to look at anymore.
When they put me in that broom closet over there, I would have to look at it.
Yeah, George, tell me about the new studios down the street that we're going to be moving to in May, or you're going to be moving to.
Right.
He said, the room is like the size of a broom closet.
But it has a window.
And it has a window.
Yeah, well, the first time in a very long time.
It must be like, you know, sure.
I'm a little flushing.
All the rooms are small and tiny over there.
So it's not like I'm being tiny.
Tiny's over there.
Oh, yeah.
I wonder what happened to him.
See, one thing about getting a dog, unless you're very, very old.
The odds are that you're going to outlive the dog.
That's sad.
You know, who wants to have their dogs go, we put the sleep.
Of course, in Tiny's case, maybe we should have a little bit sooner.
But nevertheless, what?
You bastard.
Now, he was, you know, he was fine.
No, no, no.
He was moments.
He had his moments.
Min pins are not for everybody.
You know, they screw, they had little dogs.
They're not for everybody.
They make a lot of noise.
They scream.
They yap.
They're hyper.
They're crazy.
They flapping trap.
Here is the response to the criticism of WQA,
I'm announcing Joseph Ganky.
And this is submitted by Peter Schmidt, Department of English,
who obviously don't know Schmidt.
Alumnus Ben Brisslons attack on UM Sportscaster Joseph Ganky,
crosses the line of opinion or taste into the realm of character assassination,
demands a response in my 23 years of teaching at the University of Miami.
I've listened to countless games broadcast by Mr. Zagaki,
whom I do not know personally.
Now, first of all, it says, who I do not know personally.
Shouldn't it be whom?
I do not know personally.
Oh, ask an English teacher.
Well, it says Department of English.
When you think an English professor would get it right.
I know.
Who I do not know.
Absolutely not.
It's got to be whom I do not know.
And I've always found his announcing crisp, efficient, and formed utterly professional.
That is got to be a joke.
His devotion to the University is absolutely unquestioned.
It will report with Kandaron, team's deficiencies, as well as successes.
His delivery is clear and entirely listenable and not without humor.
Oh, it's funny.
All right.
The young WVUM tell would do well to go to school on Joseph Ganky's many strengths.
This is, oh, finally, since Mr. Brislaw takes a poch out at him too.
Let me put in a good word for Don Bailey, Jr., who is color and amalization is a fine,
enthusiastic compliment to Zegaki's steady play by play.
This is written by somebody who obviously needs some serious assistance.
The University is fortunate to have both gentlemen announcing its athletic events.
I hope they'll continue to do so for a long time, since, certainly, Peter Schmidt, Department of English.
Who I do not know personally.
Who I do not know.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
So I guess that was in the U.M. newspaper, that the first shot by Ben, whatever it was.
Ben Brisbane.
And then the rebuttal there by Joseph Ganky's boyfriend, obviously.
Your panel, Alex Spendid is talking again about how he saved the life of that A-hole Neil Rogers down in Miami.
Story goes that even though you were sabotaging his career, how did I do that?
I guess I'd advise you to see a doctor when you complain of a sore arm turns out you were having a stroke.
You then return to work and continue sabotaging his career.
PS on MySpace Friends with Friends Souters is the Baron.
Another radio groupie.
Alex Bennett.
Nobody had a hell of a sabotaging his career.
The fake Tom Zickis as the rings are getting so bad in the afternoon, I'd be surprised if Joe Bell.
I would be surprised if Joe Bell brings more Howard back.
I would be surprised.
So what do we, and there's a picture of Moe, Sans Herpes.
Oh, with a beard and a hole, oh my God, looking like Moe.
Hey, that's you.
Well, that's my Moe energy, I say.
Well, there's a bunch of stuff on here.
Look at this.
W-Y-N-Z to Air Talk Mania.
Mr. Ego is trying to revive this.
Oh, yeah, talk Mania.
Mr. Ego is desperate for attention, crying for attention.
He's been an oblivion for years now.
He's just dying.
Oh, please, look, I'm still alive.
I'm here.
I'm thinking Neil Rogers.
Nobody cares again.
I'm so sorry.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q-A-M.
Do you have to take your daughter, Sissy, the new Jonas Brothers movie?
Oh, I got the Jonas Brothers.
You need the Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
Each survival kit comes with a sleep mask, so you don't have to watch.
Here, blood, so you don't have to hear.
And a sign, I'd capsule just in case the mask and bloods don't work.
Oh, my God, the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers movie survival kit.
You can make it.
The film is only 76 minutes long.
I am a Jonas Brothers.
You've made those earplugs.
Oh, my God, the Jonas Brothers.
And the sign, I've...
Oh, my God, the Jonas Brothers.
The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience survival kit.
It's too late for me.
Save yourselves.
What are they sure make some great music or what?
No.
It's a 12 noon at 5.60 W-Q-A-M.
President Obama lifts stem cell limits.
He just assigned a bit.
There you have it.
Signature.
No, we don't want to hear Tony Harris.
Okay, I'd rather croak than here.
Tony Harris.
Oh.
You people at CNN, man.
Deaf, dumb, and heartless, cruel.
What, you sick on the public all over the world.
I just...
I wouldn't wish it on Jolly Jo Bill.
So that's pretty good news then about your probably going to be taking vacation when you want.
Which I...
You'll notice over the years I've always gone way out of my way to look for...
That's a funny thing when you say that.
It is?
Over the years you've always announced your vacations and I now arrange mine around them.
Without it.
You're like a Christmas time?
Oh, that's...
Get outta here, Meg.
Get outta here, smeg.
That's a relatively recent thing and only a Christmas.
Every other time you announce yours first and I arrange mine around yours.
Always.
It's always been that way.
Which is fine.
That's the way it should be.
I'm just saying.
I'm going on the strike.
All right.
Here's George.
Howdy.
The fake Johnny Dark is back.
Well, George was able to turn you against Galen and he's been a hang around ever since.
He contributes very little to the show.
You need to produce your can add spark to the show.
George does not.
Uh-huh.
He is disinterested in boring.
Why can't you see this?
Are you disinterested in boring?
I'm on a chat room right now.
What is it?
And so are you.
Are you going to start with that again?
Look.
First, you turn me against Galen and I'm ready.
Dark is going to turn you against me, is that it?
That's it.
God, Johnny.
Here's Johnny.
You suck, Johnny.
You got a boring voice.
It's 87 along the coast.
God.
He's got a great voice.
It's not him anyway.
It's the fake Johnny Dark.
You're right.
Everybody's fake.
Including the fake Greg Buenell and the fake Barry Jackass and the fake Tom Jicca.
Once in a while, the real Tom Jicca chimes him but not lately with his password.
Greg says, good morning, Greg Buenell, some other Greg.
I was listening to the UN baseball game on the stream yesterday and I heard Joe mention something about Hank being honored with the Sunny Hersh Award.
Well, that's all I've got regards Greg and tell Nancy.
I don't know I think about that.
Is the Humphor getting the Sunny Hersh Award for what?
There's a Sunny Hersh Award.
You know, Sunny and I worked together.
In fact, Sunny was the sports director of KIT when I started there.
March 1st, 1976.
And Chris Myers was his underling, his hundred dog.
Oh, I was just saying.
I know you were.
Damn it.
But, and Sunny was a good guy and we worked together that I would dee for a long time.
But Sunny's play by play, I don't know.
I'm not going to say anything.
Because for some reason he gets a free pass.
Maybe it's because he's dead.
I never thought Sunny was like, I wish we had that clip.
99 yards.
I wish we had that.
But at any rate, he was no Joseph Gackie.
I'll say that.
Thank God.
In fact, getting the Humphor into the mix here, the reason Joseph Gackie is on the year at all is because of the Humphor.
The Humphor has always been the bad for Joe because Joe is his personal friend.
And one thing I learned a hard way a long time ago, don't ever recommend your personal friends to be on the year.
Whether it's Bill Calder or Stan Major.
Yeah, not that Bill wasn't good on the year, but Stan Major.
If you get off your duffin call now, anybody buy a good watch lately?
See, Stan went on the year at INZ when I convinced them to put me on 10 to 2 in midday and this is supposed to nighttime.
And we had Stan on 2 to 6.
And Stan thought he could follow me and just inherit whatever I had going to which at that time was spectacular.
We had 10 shares, 12 plus 12 plus on AM.
Can you imagine that?
Yeah.
What do we got 12 plus now?
One something started to sound like Lee Fowler.
And Stan just sat there waiting for the phones to ring.
He was going to be Neil Jr.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He's an overpaid talent.
I could use another little check before you go away.
You could use another little check.
Cute.
I made a lot of money in this market over the last several years and you know something.
It's a good thing for me and a good thing for a lot of other people too.
Being the overpaid talent that I've been.
That's it Stan.
Now, you were around when Stan replaced when I recommended him to replace Kane.
When Kane went to New York for 10 minutes.
To 77 WABC.
Yep.
I apologize to the whole world for that.
That was my bad.
But I mean, you know, he was out of work and he either the gig and he was a friend of mine.
And he was a broadcaster of sorts.
But boy, did that that went over like.
Like that went over like Hitler at a UJA meeting.
I mean, just it just.
Yeah, not good.
Not good.
Remember those days?
Oh, yeah.
Kane is in New York, fella.
What do you do that?
Stan Major.
Now a News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Well, then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella.
What he would do is show I don't want Kane back.
I just told you that.
But who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Ferred?
I think that's it.
You want Joey Reynolds?
So what's that?
They want the hell do you want in the air?
Silence.
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all we have to do?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I did.
Here the next Stan Major show.
This afternoon at 2 a News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
That was down 13 points.
Not anything get excited about one way or the other.
It was up 10.
It was down 10.
It's just sitting there.
Like we are.
We're just sitting here doing our thing.
We're all in the long.
Singing the song.
Smoking a bong.
Feeling myself.
I'm looking on there about the, oh, this Jerry Garner guy
with the new, over the polls.
Too many polls, Jerry.
A polling we will go.
That's what he writes.
A polling we will go.
Oh, not that I don't appreciate him.
I think the one we got on there now is his.
And see, you use one poll at somebody sends you right away.
They start sending you polls up the, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Up there was Zoo.
The Kenny Rogers writes another fake.
Heineel and George, I love your website.
I have fun going through all the sounds that made a few
of my cell phone rings and such.
I just have one suggestion or comment for the site I think
would help.
The main logo is a bit jagged.
Probably a GIF or Bitmap format.
Like I know what he's talking about.
Do you know what he's talking about?
Yeah.
No, what's that?
Those are picture formats.
If you just have your guy size up the smooth logo and
save it out as a PNG24, you'll see it will become nice and smooth.
You must be talking about that pretty out-of-the-face.
You may also have all website recommendations and technical
questions to Eric at NeilRodgers.com.
Yeah.
Who knows what you're talking about.
May or may not care.
You can never support an equality for a show where it's prodigious as
the Neil Rogers show.
Prodigies is, that's the totally incorrect use of the one I've never
liked.
Yeah, I've got to digit.
I do a ton of webcrap so if you ever need help let me know.
Hell, just send me the logo and I'll send it back fixed.
I know I email a lot of group all stuff every now and then
defending baseball and the purity of the game but I just wanted to
contribute something useful today.
Go ahead, the Kennedy Rodger.
Go ahead!
Your site header graphic.
Oh.
Could be the Kennedy Rodgers.
He's doing weekends on QAM now.
The Kennedy Rodgers that got candy crosses three.
If he gave a good enough to give candy over there that we want him.
Like jerks.
You know, I will say this, you know Joe Rose, that was his choice to
bring jerks over with him when K came back.
Remember they were together.
A lot of people forget they started out together in the morning show.
And then jerks because of his excellence on that show was handed the
two to four slot to see if he could do better than a one point.
Oh!
And he couldn't.
He was coming at us with some of the worst swill in history.
I wonder what they thought the first day that that show went on here.
I wonder what the powers that B were thinking.
Who's they?
Our powers that B?
Yeah.
They thought it's great.
It's wonderful.
It's awesome.
This is great.
Yeah, you're right.
If they like it, it's going to suck and it's going to fail.
Never have two words been spoken.
Jerges got two great memorable lines.
The first one when he described QAM before I even started working here.
It's a sports bar with a microphone.
And number two, if they like it, it's going to suck and it's going to fail,
meaning our management.
And you're right.
Like if you can't even blow morning show.
Well, those aren't the smartest comments I've ever made in my life.
So what does that tell you?
What does that mean?
Well, those were easy calls.
That was an easy call.
It was one of my.
A sports bar with a microphone.
That was my assessment within an hour of being in the building.
I'll be damned.
Let's put some sports on.
Chase by Blake.
Showed one of three first round picks that the Washington Cavittals had in the old four.
The great Joe Bowen, my good buddy Joe.
Like you remember who the hell I am probably does.
Thanks to your buddy, Rimmer.
Rimmer.
The Grimmer.
The twitch foot lousy.
So I mean, if I was back, I'd be worried about the little of these ups and downs.
Yeah.
What did he say?
What were you?
Did he say there?
Up and down.
It's hand over.
Oh, here we go.
It's race one five minutes.
The first race at the Metaos with your favorite new announcer, Roger Houston.
Sussurus Handover.
Yes.
Number seven is shaky cam handover.
John Lichtenberger and Jay Savarios Pagnolo.
Wilbur Yoder.
James Chambers of Maryland and New Jersey, New York.
Greg Wright trains.
Will Yoder, the seventh.
Will Yoder.
What a great homage name that is.
Yoder.
No, haven't you ever heard that name before?
It's one of the real comments like Smith.
That's right.
To the Amish Yoder.
I've heard it.
Not to be confused with Yoder.
Right.
I'll play that runaway bride.
And then play Apercott.
Right.
Listen, chief.
Who put the A in Apercott?
Well, we don't want to miss the first race at the Metaos with Roger Houston.
Do we?
No.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Hold on to the reason of God no game.
So if death don't was better.
Better when I grew old.
That was what I do to go.
So it looks like a smirk penis.
I told you you need a double toast of my agar to get wood.
Okay, 1220 at 560 WTQAM.
815 this morning, my blackberry bus,
it just before the Joe Bell email.
It was Sarah Williams peddling me soft C. Alice.
Really?
Let's see, not to fake Mickey Roo says,
was at first skeptical about the whole email only show,
but after listening to Hi Ron and I'm your friend,
it got all really quick.
I will say that there is a bit of an anonymous humor
to the emails you read.
Your son might have managed to find new ways to amuse this
comatose, comatose.pl. audience.
I'm not going to give you any advice because after 33 years,
you still have a loyal cult following.
I say cult only because there are many who won't admit they
secretly hear you.
Thanks, not to fake Mickey Roo.
Do you understand what he's trying to say?
No.
I guess Joe Bell still blows and he secretly is hearing
and laughing like a little girl when he rippin' men
ask.
I really don't care what he thinks when I rip him and ask
because if anybody deserves it, it's...
Right, don't, Charlie Joe.
What's up, Mickey Roo?
Mickey Roo.
Well, I don't know.
The fake Mickey Roo.
I don't know.
Maybe...
Maybe he's akin to the real Mickey Roo.
Mickey Roo, man.
The one that goes...
Oh, I see her.
That one.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Why do you care?
I don't.
See, you take these much too seriously.
That's me.
Oh, they're fake.
They're loose.
They're a chat room.
Just relax, okay?
I couldn't be more relaxed.
I think we're good things are going to be swimmingly okay.
I think we're good things are going to be swimmingly okay.
I think we're good things are going to be swimmingly okay.
Well, that's what the emailers are saying.
Coma, man.
Uh-huh.
George, this doesn't carry you.
Oh, this William and Schneider thing.
Oh.
William, go away.
Don't go away.
I've told you a million times.
Just go away.
You're blocked.
You're blocked.
Talk about a pseudo intellectual.
This guy sends me all this clap trap.
All these long, ponderous...
Stop!
It's just a radio show, okay?
Send me to somebody on what you call it.
Nova M.
Are they out of business yet or what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Do we care?
No.
Oh, but the goddess was on there.
Yeah, well, who cares?
Like Mr. Radio says, if you just be more involved with these local yentos, yeah.
Try to rekindle the past.
Half of the people you're talking about are dead anyway.
Mr. Radio, you jackass.
I think he's Woody.
Yep.
That made sense.
Yeah, I think that's him.
Mm-hmm.
Although somewhere somebody found Mr. Radio on the Myspace thing,
somewhere along the way,
because there really is such a person.
They're probably more than one.
Oh, I'm sure there's a whole bunch of Mr. Radio's.
What's the worst thing a spouse or significant other has done to you?
That's our poll question today.
526 votes.
I'm going to change it after I read the result.
Refused to have sex 91.
Cheated 83.
Gained a lot of weight 58.
Left you for somebody else 57.
Became sexually abusive,
abusive sexually verbally or physically 39.
Ruined credit 34.
Cheated with one of your friends or family members 29.
Refused to get a job 25.
Refused to get a job.
Still money 24.
Got addicted to drugs or alcohol 19.
Cut you off from your family 17.
Never had one 13.
Spouse or a significant other.
Burn down the house 9.
Gave you a STD 9.
Wrecked the car 8.
Had me arrested 6.
And tried to kill me 5.
Out of 526.
OK, pull switch.
If I was in charge of WQM for 1 hour, I would blank.
Fire Joyce, fire Joe Bell, higher Randy Rhodes, higher Suds Klumman,
spelled with 2Ds.
Can you believe that?
Suds with 2Ds.
I'll give Georgia's own show,
Change the Runaugh Music format,
Change the Runaugh Sports Talk format,
Get rid of the dolphin games,
Put Neil on 8 hours a day,
Send everyone home and ped lock the door.
I'm going to vote for that one.
Just keep the checks coming,
Send everybody home and ped lock the door.
OK.
Got it, there's the new poll.
Got it.
Boy, a lot of pressure.
Runder pressure.
What he was talking about for life.
He'll be canned for death.
Oh, he's going to, that's an old clip about stem cells.
We don't want to do that because the farbicinaglium,
they don't like that.
They love those embryos.
They love the fetuses.
They love the embryos.
They love the unborn.
The born, they can't stand.
They hate them like poison.
But the unborn, we love the fetus.
The fake Westy and Lakeland is back.
Did you ever stop to think that my emails have always stuck to
You've only realized this since the level of your
Courneymailers has attained the level of education
of our area edition that is exposed to
mindless content of the sludge I send you away?
That plus the fact I've been stuck here in fake land for three months,
now but soon I'm moving up to the big city,
Polk City. Apologies, the fake Westy and fake land,
Lakeland, whatever it is.
Ponderous.
Oishmoi Jews is happy, poor, and I think you should take tomorrow
off to go to the track.
They're going to call you a fact you whether you show up at work or not,
is Joyce a Jew?
Yes, we embarrassingly say she is.
Yes, Joyce Fitch.
And then he says,
Homentosh in forever.
Whatever that means.
Can you explain to me what that means?
No.
Homentosh in forever.
The fake Andy Calves back,
subject Ann-Ameriyah Thomas.
That was her name?
Or did she give married?
That was a radio name.
Really?
Radio name at the time when she was on the coast.
She hasn't used that in a hundred years.
Ann-Ameriyah Thomas.
Was she on the coast with Johnny Dark?
Yep.
Oh my God.
Andy wants to know,
have you heard from Ann-Ameriyah Lee that she still work with Boka?
Sure.
I know she was tight with George.
I hear she was good.
Whatever he means by that.
I'm sure I know what he means by that.
Remember the show she did with Mitch Lewis?
No.
I forget the name now.
Happy-be-leaded Ann-Ameriyah.
She's Andy Calves.
She did a show with Mitch Lewis?
Uh-huh.
Night rhythms.
Oh, night rhythms.
Well, memory.
Oh my God.
And they say that you aren't worth a damn.
That was the producer.
You produced that show?
How was it?
Well, it lasted.
It was fine.
You know I'm not a big fan of talk radio.
In case you didn't know that.
What does that mean?
Most shows sound the same.
Aren't you the one that's always screaming about how we ought to have generic talk on here and not the sports talk?
Yeah, that's why.
Most of the other shows all sound the same to me.
Yeah.
So how was night rhythms?
It was light.
It was light-hearted and mirthful.
Yeah, in some other words, it sucked.
Oh, you.
Yes, the O' Rogers God.
I know that for many Americans watching right now, the state of our economy is a concern that rises above all of us.
But while our economy may be weakened, our confidence shakened.
But we are living through difficult and uncertain times.
Tonight I want every America to know this.
We will rebuild.
We will recover.
And the United States of America will emerge stronger than before.
And the United is a wonderful world, but I can't feel it right now.
Well, I'm talking over to you everywhere, but I just want to cry now.
I'm trying to overcome it.
Well, I know that it's a wonderful world.
From the sky down to the sea.
The weight of this crisis will not determine the destiny of this nation.
The answer to our problems don't lie beyond our reach.
They exist in our laboratories, in our universities, in our fields, in our factories, in the imaginations of our entrepreneurs, and the pride of the hardest working people on earth.
Those qualities that have made America the greatest force of progress and prosperity in human history, we still possess an ample measure.
What is required now is for this country to pull together confront boldly the challenges we face and take responsibility for our future once more.
If we come together and lift this nation from the depths of this crisis, if we put our people back to work and restart the engine of our prosperity, if we confront with our fears, challenges of our time and summons that enduring spirit of an America that does not quit, then someday years from now our children can tell their children that this was the time when we performed.
Thank you. God bless you.
And may God bless the United States of America.
That's a preemptive God bless you just in case we sneeze, which I already did earlier.
It's 12.34 at 5.60 WQM. We got the big O.
Coming up at two o'clock.
Here's the a poll result.
If I was in charge of WQM for one hour, I would blank.
Put Neil on for eight hours at a seven.
Yeah, right. That's an even beyond it. That's so stupid.
Stupid high Randy road seven. That also is stupid because how does she fit in on this station?
What? Huh?
Yeah.
How does she fit on this radio station?
Why? She doesn't. No, she does not.
Would you tell me how?
Through the door sideways. I don't know. She doesn't.
Oh, changed to a non sports talk format five.
Fire Joyce for give Georgia's own show three.
Fire Joe Bell to send everyone home and padlock the door one. That's my vote.
Higher suds Coleman with two D's one.
Get rid of the dolphin games none. Change to an all music format none.
Well, that's what the fake rugby dough was pushing there.
Oh, yeah, we got a room. We're in March. You're going all old.
Yeah. Remember that? Yeah.
Oh, the swill. The swill. You're right about the content.
There's no question about that about the emails.
The swill that comes in on there. I wouldn't wish on a till of the hunt on the fake ones, man.
I want to know not just a fake one 90% of it.
Swill the fake ones. I'm just talking about the point I was trying to make.
Well, here's one from the fake Johnny dark.
Georgia slipped and said he hated talk radio.
And this person is producing your show.
And Maria was a free spirit. I'm positive it's a real Johnny dark.
You know how I know the.
You know how I know the fakes at least some of you don't know the fakes.
These people don't use Gmail.
Okay.
What you can use any mail you want.
No, I understand that, but I'm just saying that the the the berry jackass and the
baby. They don't use Gmail. They can if they want to, but they don't.
You think? Yeah. You think that's the real Johnny dark? No.
Who said Georgia slip and this person is.
I just want to talk about it all the time.
George hates talk radio.
That's why when he doesn't on and wait till you hear this.
I think this is the one that's going to put me over the edge and after I read it,
I'm just going to get up and lay down on the floor and cry.
From your friend, your close personal friend, Porter Weekend Ralph,
who is chronic and just ponderous.
I'd like to be with a baseball bag like to bludgeon him.
Terminal groupie.
He says, I guess Thursday's a half day for you guys.
The Hurricanes basketball team is in the ACC game.
It starts at noon. So look into that and enjoy your half day off.
Look into that. You're going to look into it, George.
There's not much of a terminal groupie. If he doesn't know that,
he must not be listening.
Look into that. I'm going to look into this.
Ooh, like we don't know this.
Like we have a mention of 100 times.
Now happy we're going to be getting out of here at noon on Thursday.
Like the old days with the Marlins, man. Those Marlins games.
Time and time again. Oh, we get to leave at 1230.
I'll ride like that.
Barry Jackass says, as George, if he knows the hot Tony Gonzalez from 93 Rock,
she's a big fan of your show and there's a picture of her around there.
That's Lee's wife.
It's Lee's wife. Maybe I shouldn't have said that, but nevertheless.
And I know her well from 93 Rock.
Uh-huh.
His wife works for the enemy.
Though we're all friends. We're all chummy.
No.
Lee's wife works for the enemy.
Now it starts to explain a lot of things that are going on.
Not. Well, anyway, she's a hot tamale.
Very hot.
And a sweetheart.
Well, that's great.
One of the figures.
Please wife.
See, Barry Jackass don't even know that this is supposed to be the real Barry Jack.
The real Barry would have. He wouldn't know it either.
He knows what shuttons.
Pasty, scabby, sitting in a trailer, living with all the face.
Horseball sniffing.
Yeah.
Goop balls.
Yeah.
Right.
49 votes on the pool.
Higher Randy Rhodes.
Ten spelled wrong.
R-H-O-A-D-S.
Roads.
Oh.
Andrew Calves says George Gata was not with him.
He was a Mitchell listen and Maria.
If I remember correctly, where late Sunday, Saturday nights.
That's got to be Johnny Dolen.
Don't say anything on the air, but George was hitting it.
I hear a mitch hit at Big and is doing voiceovers for the networks and movie studios in Hollywood.
He's a great talent.
Every time I hear his voice, I think of your show.
It says Andy Calve.
That's probably the real Andy Calve.
No.
Why do you say no?
Because all the emails that you get from anyone claiming to be anyone are fake.
First of all, second of all, the real Andy Calve would be contacting us through his real email.
How do you know what email is contacting me through?
I don't.
I just know that they're all fake.
Or he's all fake.
That was down 19 points.
Yeah, he's fake.
I'll write Andy Calve.
He wouldn't be contacting us at all.
He was a real little turd.
Like the one he stepped on that day that I brought Tiny to the studio.
Tiny left him a little surprise on the floor.
And Andy Calve stepped right in it.
Two additions for the pool says Mike.
One, fix the damn signal.
Two get rid of the big one and bring back the Humper.
Well, that sounds like three.
And Mike says, I'll be looking for a good machine in 10 days when I had to Vegas.
Am I adding any of those?
Fix the damn signal.
That should be one for sure.
You don't think?
Absolutely.
Get rid of the big O.
Get rid of the big O.
And bring back the Humper.
There's some three good choices right there for the pool.
I'm not saying get rid of the big O, but get rid of the big O.
Oh, God.
I need safe panels across the sea.
Two to safety features of Miami.
That's all it takes to reach it.
Save the Taliban.
Escape lands, escape lands, escape lands.
Troop away the radic map was on our head.
Now we have to use toilet paper instead.
Okay.
Escape into Miami.
Next target of a tank.
A tropical paradise loaded with apathy.
Where our island is.
There's a window size thing.
And everything.
But we'd really rather drink our tea.
Slash a few throat temp seas of hope.
Pointed towards Miami and off we go.
To where the angry humans slaughter there.
Go to the attack.
Attack.
Attack.
That's our plan.
The safe plan.
The safe plan.
The plans are planned.
1245 at 560 WQAM.
Tim and Tampus says, hey, dude, how's it going?
Eight.
I wanted to wish you a belated happy 33rd.
I just got back from Vegas had a great time.
Played some slots, but the crap tables were it's at.
Tim knows his crap.
When playing the slots, I stayed away from Wheel of Torture.
I saw your quick hits in Hearth Slot machines.
Didn't play them.
I did play Money Wheel.
Did rather well on it.
Have you ever played it before?
Never heard of it.
Have you ever heard of the Money Wheel?
No.
No.
We love meat.
I was told it's one of the latest Slot machine games to come out.
I love the Marauds casino.
It's awesome.
The Neil, it's awesome.
Well, I heard you have a listener that's big time into slots.
He used to call you all the time.
He's not the big of the slots.
He's big in making chronic crank calls.
Quarter-slot guy.
Idiot.
Do you have a contact information so I can talk to him about the slot machines?
Oh, yeah.
I heard I missed the trend numbers last week.
I hope you did well.
Ten and Tampa.
We did week.
January, we did grade.
If it just was one month, we did sensational.
If only we can keep it going.
Yeah, if we can keep it going in February and March, maybe we'll get some bonus money.
Yeah.
Maybe we'll get back to some respectability, which we've lost under the Joe Bell-ray jean.
Maybe we can keep up the momentum.
We can just blow up.
We've lost our respectability.
Somebody sends me a really interesting article.
The owner propments 23 pages.
Zowie.
He's the one who's been in the company from Pantody Fair, the Godfather Wars.
I'll just read the first paragraph when I get to it.
When I get to it, in time, too bad it's so long.
In time.
23 pages.
Take us till midnight.
Wow.
The fake time, Zickus, is WQM, seriously, consider bringing Hank back.
Jim Mandish is going in reverse.
The trends were very bad.
And as if we need to hear this from somebody on the outside.
Like we don't know that.
The signal is a big part of the problem, but the big always falling flat and Mandog needs to be teamed with someone.
He had good chemistry with DFO and Josie.
Anybody who suggests putting DFO and Josie on with Mandog or with anybody else needs a lobotomy.
Good.
God.
Have you heard where Randy will end up?
No, I haven't heard where Randy will have.
Where is that going to be, fake time, Zickus?
Haven't heard it.
Have you heard it?
No.
How is it that has syndicated you out of Tampa?
Todd Schmidt is number one of the market.
It just doesn't make sense.
That's because all the right wingers got all the diaries.
That's why Rush had a 99 share and Jimmy Cifalitica had a number in the morning.
And all their right wing crap got the numbers because they got the diaries.
Especially in December.
Or wouldn't you like to see the breakout for IOD in December?
Humongers, they scary trend.
Scary.
Barry Jackass is a hope you're enjoying the weekend.
This was Saturday, the 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
1.8 billion dollars of taxpayer funds to repay the stadium construction bonds. This dismal fact is
reason enough for commissioners who initially supported the deal to walk away from it. Just walk away,
like that thing says. I don't got that. Just walk away. Oh, sorry. Just walk away. The commissioners
of Miami Beach constituents are very unhappy with him. The New World Symphony has been
counting on 27 million dollars in tourism tax revenues through the cost of its Frank Uri design
building. That funding will evaporate under this deal. The Miami Beach Convention Center,
a proven tourist generator, will not receive the 50 million dollars needed for expansion modernization.
The Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce and the Miami Beach City Commission have weighed in
critically on the stadium deal. There is a growing awareness that this deal at this time
under these circumstances and under these terms cannot be justified and has to be junct,
we need to start over. Amen. Amen. This is from Frank. Thanks, Frank. Frank Delvacchio,
under these kind of Alistair Delvacchio. The once great Detroit Red Wing hockey player, you think?
I was down 20 points. Oh, Mr. Radio is back. Oh, God. Oh, this is so sad.
When I read this to you, you will cry like a baby. Oh, let me get my hanky. I'm
I'm smelling it right now. Then they go get a tissue. Oh, Mike, another three for the poll.
What about bring back red red? Read me or have the crow and bring back into the now.
Put why you ahead, Mike. Stop. Mike is building the pool all by himself. He's sitting in the corner.
He's building it like Play-Doh, you know? Yeah. Like building blocks like a child.
When I read this to you, you will shed tears from Mr. Radio for subject radio groupies.
Why do you insist I'm running off everyone who likes you? This is an endless pattern with you.
You refuse to something yourself to open up to any or allow yourself to open up to anyone.
Over the years, you've mentioned the cold upbringing you had and your loveless father.
I'm sure this is the reason for your personality disorder. Bill Cawder, Fat Rich and George are the
only people I can think of that you didn't run off. The bird, Craig Worthing, Steve Kane, Alice
Rantell, Stan Major, Phil Henry, Hank Goldberg, who I had dinner with a few weeks ago, Randy Rhodes and
countless others weren't so lucky. I can't think of any of those people I ran off. I had the bird
canned off the show because he was killing it, but that's not running off. In fact, even long after
that, wasn't it after that that it came out with us as you went in Tampa for a week? Yes, before you
ran him off again. You bastard. Oh, well, that's because the weekend is my back to mind. You don't
believe in God, but have some faith in yourself. I'll continue to admire your talents from a distance.
Good. Keep your distance. You stalking idiot. You are the best radio talent I've ever heard. The
old days were stimulating and compelling. Well, guess what? You're living in the past again. The
old days were stimulating, compelling. And this is another idea to once to keep trying to live in the past.
Oh, the IOD days. Well, you know what? They were fun. They were a lot and they were good, but it's
over. It's ancient history. We are here today. Bill Cawder is dead. Fat Rich is dead.
Hank Goldberg, I had dinner with a few weeks ago at the Woodbuy. Alice Rantell, email me,
and not this morning yet, but on a regular basis, the real Alice Rantell. Craig Worthing,
I haven't heard from an agent. I sure didn't run him off. And Stan Major, well, then we get an
email from Stan while back. When people were suggesting I bring him on as a guest and I said,
no way we don't do guests. Did I run Stan off? Oh, maybe he was that. I ran him off. I'm he ran off.
Why do you insist on running off everyone who likes you?
No, not everyone, Mr. Radio, just you. Just you go away, die a wicked death. Just find some other
hobby besides me besides stalking me. Just look away. He's a cling on. He has he has latched on to my life,
my career, my my existence as a subhuman being. He's latched on, Mr. Radio.
Oh, it was compelling. It was that compelling. Compel my ass to what to fart? A wicked fart.
Oh, me, you. But it's the one to do our.
Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. I Steadfastly refused to convert
from Adolog to Digital Guy. Mr. I Steadfastly refused to convert from Adolog to Digital Guy.
Oh, yeah, I remember you. You're the guy from the old neighborhood who had every zeppelin album
on a track. And if I'm not mistaken, you're also the dope who was convinced that beta without
less VHS and who thought video laser disk was great because you had to get up to flip it over
at the same exact time you needed to take a leap.
After February 17, the only reception you'll be getting is on your CV radio. But you don't care.
That just means more time to hone your skills at asteroids.
Don't forget head to head football.
Yep. There you sit with your can of tab watching your 19-inch
Sanio with the pliers where the channel changer used to be. Refusing to bunch just like that idiot
who wouldn't move up Mount St. Helens back in 1980.
So we salute you. Mr. I Steadfastly refused to convert from Adolog to Digital Guy.
Your rotary phone, your avocado colored frigidare and your Datsun. You are a real American A-hole.
Well, I want to get me an avocado colored toilet. Really? Oh yeah.
For catching a coordinate well with brown avocado. Yeah. Next.
Anyway, they mentioned in that bit tab right which to be very honest with I never liked
tab. I thought it was like medicinal tasting. Yes. Now they don't make tab anymore. I hope, right?
I think they might. They do. And what about Mr. Pib? They make that still.
What? Oh, that's right. You don't like Dr. Pepper either.
Or it's clone Mr. Pib. Is a clone of Dr. Pepper?
Yeah. Whichever one invented Dr. Pepper the other company came up with Mr. Pib.
I like Mr. Pib. I don't see it around no more but I like it.
I saw him just recently here. I think we had lunch.
Oh, the Dow is down 40 points. 38.
It's said they can't make up their mind today. Is it good? Is it a buying opportunity?
That's selling opportunity. That's a dying opportunity. Yeah. That's what I'm feeling like.
It's kind of murky. Friday we said an all-time record here for the 6th of March. 18.9 degrees
which comes out to what about 67 something like that? Well, whatever. Whatever it was it was.
But that was just an aberration. It was like a little taste of spring. And I was back to a
crap. In fact, it's still zero. 32. It's going to be all the way up to three this afternoon.
Sonny and 38. Won't that be great? I'm not going to lie to you, man. This is wintertime sucks but
nevertheless it's better than being there. Oh, you're wrong. The old bricles really come a lot.
You know what? You can have bricol and you can shove all of bricolabin right up your ass.
Damn. This bricolabin. I don't want to go to bricol. Okay. You know what reminds me of it like
base side. Remember that was going to be the turning point. Who goes there now? I don't know.
When's the last time you were in gase at base side? I can't remember. Long time. The only time I was
ever there was with Norma Kent who I don't hear anything from by the way which is fine with me.
And it was the day that I signed my deal with Greg Reed.
Yeah. I got that big signing bonus when I came to QA. Remember that? We had dinner at some
restaurant at base side which I'm sure is long gone. And then we went up to some office building
there downtown and met with Greg Reed and what was that Jewish attorney? Alan Fertel. Alan Fertel.
What a memory this little George HSC. Once in a while he comes in really handy. Alan Fertel
who said we're paying Neil a lot of money if you have to do the show from a phone booth so be it.
You know that was his attitude idiot. And they gave me that big big check signing bonus
and I signed the deal with QAM. And then went to the Panther game after that.
And I had the sign contract. I had like a big envelope with me. We loved the Panther and the
old Miami arena baby. That was it. There was some real atmosphere in that building.
Have you ever got any hockey games in that building?
I've been playing anything else. Yes. Would you go to a concert?
Hockey games concerts. Really? Sure. There was some atmosphere in there. It really was.
And that's where I met what's his name too? What's his name? Stevie S. Everrea.
Rocky. Stevie Bauer.
Gave me a hug. You would have thought I was his long lost lover. I mean I've never had a stranger
approached me like that. I mean, you know, I mean I don't mind hugging somebody looks like that especially.
But Jesus God let the air out a little bit. Okay. Like let me breathe.
Stevie Bauer. Well, not special? Yes it was. I never got a hug like that from Johnny Depp when I
had him on my show or Johnny Dork or who or Johnny Dark. I don't want a hug from Johnny Dark.
Oh Jesus. I was thinking about lunch too. He could give you a big bear hug. Oh no. First you got
to get bear. Oh. And then that bit of my Mr. Radio. It's interesting how I've kept alive.
So many people who have disappeared who vanished into relative obscurity. Stan made your Johnny
Mr. Ego. I've kept them alive. Why'd you drive them away? Yeah. Drive them away. Mr. Radio you're such a jerk.
God pathetic. Just pathetic. From Hawk, a big fan of your show. What is it?
The Dan LaBaster show is now on Twitter. If you don't know what Twitter is, the best I can explain
to say it's a quick, easy and free way for us to keep in contact with listeners. Well, this is
to get me to promote the Twitter. Well, tweet your suance as Hawk. This is from the fake Tom Jicke.
Now I would hawk be sending an email to the fake Tom Jicke unless the fake Tom Jicke was
a hawk or one of them over there. Right. Right. Right. So once again, the fake Tom Jicke has made a
mortal mistake just like that one on Friday about we remember that we this or we whatever was we
we we like the guy in the chronic from lutes. I we we we we we we we see like Mr. Pib better than
tab or both crap. None of the about thank you very much. Really? I think that would be a good pull
someday. What what product from the past you missed the most that they no longer make that would
be good pull. Not a good pull? Like some kind of a food product. Right. What food or drink you
wish they still made or something. No, not food or drink, but what what product? Okay. Try the
products. Try the product. What's the guy's name from herbal life? Did we ever forget about Tony
something? I never just did. Yeah. We never did find his name. The guy from herbal life with a big
big head of black hair. Try the products. Use the product. Try the products. Use the product.
Pyramid scam. They made a lot of money and then he's dead. He he tried the products.
And his last words were if I was in charge of WQM for an hour, I would fire joy
21 higher Randy Rhodes 19. Change to a non-sports stock format 15. George voted 14 of those. Yes, I
did. Put Neil on eight hours of the 11. Give George his own show 10. Send everyone home and
pedal octadour eight. That might happen. Fixed at Am signal seven. Reharrank Goldberg five.
Higher suds Coleman with two D's five. Fire Joe Bell three. Fire the big O one. Give it to the
right. It's like the East Coast Wappers and the West Coast Wappers same same dilemma that
the real e-mailers and the fake e-mailers, you know. Wouldn't it be something if there was
some way for us to know? I mean John ZTR you're right. He did do us a favor by coming out of the
closet and identifying himself as many of the crank e-mailers. The mind behind many of them including
those two punks. Oh, you really gay. We don't believe in that crap. Which he fancied himself as
quite the creative idiot with that crap. It was garbage pure garbage. See what makes a bad fake
e-mail is when it's transparently fake right right off from the get go. Well, he sent you that one
giving people lessons. People are not on what? How to write a fake e-mail. That was one of the ones you
read. He's not but we thank him profusely for all those flicks that he brought to George. Absolutely.
Sent them in the mail. What is it? Absolutely. Oh, he sent them in the mail. Yeah.
Boy, you need to have to leave the house. Nope. Nice going to John ZTR you to man. Now if we can
find out who some of these other fakers are, the audience would love to know it like the fake
Barry Jackass. Who the hell's that? Who is the fake Barry Jackass? The world is sitting on the
edge of their collective seat waiting dying, breathing heavy, needing to find out, needing to know
before two o'clock this afternoon. Don't you want to know? No, I don't know who they are. I know
what they are and that's good enough for me. Ask clowns? Sure. Lifeless shut-ins. Game players.
Oh, several of whom are across the street by the way we know that for a fact.
I got one here from the fake Steve Rodden Arrow which I'll get to momentarily.
10 minutes after one a QA and we have a-
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California, uh,
go one eight hundred. I want to keep Neil hostage to South Florida. Call now and you will
receive a free cell phone one that works almost as good as one.
That a girl know her mother. You phone his name is Stays Art.
115 at 560 WDQM. So here's one from the real Johnny Dork or not.
Ripping you in a ask. Of course. Would you do the Johnny that he's attacking you so much today?
Please. There I said it says I agreed with every word in that email you read from Mr. Radio.
You turn on everyone including me. I did nothing to you except dare to show up in the studio to
have lunch with you as a friend. If you're doing his cards today, he is the reason you had
been fired so he could muscle into the show and gain your graces. He has nothing more than a
cling on in a game player. I wouldn't trust him as far as I could show him. Says the real or
imaginary or hallucinatory Johnny Dork. I think that that's good enough for a jingle.
Not the one I can't play but. Johnny Dork. That one. I could play. Johnny Dork.
That as well. I can't play. Hold on. What better watch it. Let's talk about my favorite music group.
You cling on. You turn on everyone. Yeah.
Of course, anybody that was listening to the show in those days understands that the bird was
long gone before we ever did this show. That is correct. That's correct. I called up my Disney. I
was drawing the show. Right. We met once about a year before I hung up the phone. Disney was already
down the hall on the way to speak to Glenn and say bye bye. Before the phone hit the cradle.
That's how anxious they were to unload that 50 grand year charity. A year. We met once a year
before the other bird was fired. I had I was nowhere near the show for months afterwards.
No, I had the fortune. I have Marvin on there. That's right. And then I had Nick Lawrence.
Right. The reverse Nick Lawrence. Then Marvin. Really? Nick Lawrence got me those kids from that
video from that Dalton John video. Nick Lawrence. You flew in a plumber and asked on you all.
Both you and Steve Cain and then eventually he became Steve Cain's full-time producer. Oh, thank
God. Marvin. I wonder how many of these emails are coming from Nick Lawrence. None. How do you
know that? That's not his style. The other cronies probably. But not. I mean, like Brian Craig. Exactly.
Or Steve himself. Or that one the other day. A little cadre. I want to challenge you to a debate.
You know, his fan club that he can all fit in his car. Those that's where they're coming from. Right.
Well, Nick Lawrence. And then I never forget the one night at Pompe no Park years ago.
And Mr. Ego was making an appearance there, which they rude the day that they spent money to bring
him. He conned them because it was my sponsor. Therefore Steve was going to show him about all the
old dentists he could bring there. And he was accompanied by Brian Craig and their Lawrence.
And I thought to myself, I just don't know people who go everywhere with the same small traveling
entourage. You know what I mean? Klingons, right? It was just bizarre to me. Strange. Strange.
But nevertheless. Heath says George said he is against talk radio. Excuse me, Neil. He is against you
in his own pathetic show. What does he support? His indie music program by his daughter.
George doesn't even care what he says. I agree with you. After half his comments, you need to say,
what? He's the one mailing it in says, Heath. How do you like that?
George, you want to do it on air chat room, man? Go right ahead. I'm right over here.
Emailing people. How's that? What does that mean? I'm ignoring these people. I ignore them all day long.
I ignore spam. I ignore those message boards. I ignore chat rooms all day long. Are you going to
start this again like asking anything? These fake e-mailers that you know have fun with them?
I am. Go right ahead. I mean, go ahead. Okay. I will. And I do. That was down 59 point.
I mean, if you want to talk to. I'm your friend. I'm high rock. I don't know why you're not
talking to the message boards. What do you think is written on those message boards by the same
stuff by the same people? No, it's different stuff by the same people. You're just upset because
Johnny Darken, you have had a falling out. That's it. Johnny Dark and the bird.
That was really something when he showed up at the front end. That wasn't you doing it
when it was me. After we gave him, we fed him that one day and he had nothing to say on
the watch. What are you doing? I never booked a guest for the show. No, no, no, no. You're
in there. He showed up. Right. Uninvited. Yeah. After that one free lunch we gave him.
And Nazlin or whatever, whoever came back said, Johnny Darks to the front desk. He said,
he's here to have lunch with you guys again. And I said, tell him goodbye. Goodbye. Bye, bye,
go away. No way Jose. Remember that day? Yep. That wasn't George doing it. That was me.
That was him. Talk about, talk about being a cling on. Talk about, talk about, try to incinuate your
way into the show. Can you imagine him as anybody sidekick? Yes. Wow.
He, I think he wanted the 50 grand a year and the free meals are you know, like the bird? Sure.
It wasn't funny. Well, the Dow is down to 6,500 and the 60s have a point. It's down 60 points
right now. And this is what's going to happen when we wake up one day and it's going to say,
Dow 100. What are we going to do that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't have any stock.
I don't have any stock. Let's see what Sirius is doing.
Well, that Norman, you know, he's got that blog to it deal with and then he's got that fantasy
baseball and the Dow, the Sirius is 15 cent. Whoa. It was actually up to 16 at one point.
Did they, but not back to 15 cent? Aren't you impressed? Medium impressed. You think it's a selling
opportunity at 15 cent? I think so. Sell, I kill. Oh, yeah. That's what Maria would say. Sell,
I kill. Maria, you ought to be in prison. You and all those other grave robbers there in a Jim
Kramer. He definitely belongs somewhere. I had an article about that in my pile.
I was Saudi's order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling mingling. That was her offense.
She wasn't co-mingling was she?
Where the hell's my article about CNBC? I guess I didn't print it out. I put it on the website.
That is a fatso puts it on there. He must add a while weekend because yesterday morning or
or Saturday morning, stories got on there real, real late and keep in mind, Tubby, that I get up real
early on the weekends, real early, like 4.35 in the morning. Saturday night turned the clock so
I had so I got up at 6 a.m. on yesterday morning, but it was really late 5 a.m. standard time.
Catch my drift. I did. I caught it. Oh, Mark Hughes, herbal life, still dead.
Since Paul, thank you Paul. Thank you. Mark Hughes, the guy with a big head of black hair.
Try the products. Use the product. Try the products. Try the products.
That's all I kept saying. Try the products. And they're still in business, herbal life.
Well, I've tried another one ball over here. So, uh-oh.
Just warning you, turn the mic off so I can cough. No, don't turn the mic off.
Leave it on for a fetch. Oh, good. I already got the most of it out.
Did you dig it out like with a spoon? Yeah, big one.
I think that would be a great invention. You know how when you go to the dentist,
they've got that kind of curved, you put down your throat to keep the water, the saliva sucking,
too. Yeah, that's right. I think they have like a long, long,
cute stick down your throat and suck all the saliva out of there when you get like a lots of
mong, you know? That's what I've got all of a sudden. The mucus. The mucus sucker makes his
pucus. How about your round-popeel could make one of those in about 10 minutes? Come on,
Ron, you can do it. Haven't heard from him in a long time. That was the real round-popeel,
by the way, that day. See, I just do that just to aggravate the honey. Oh, I get it.
Just twist the right up. Please disregard the PVC meal I sent out about, and you'll take
it a personal date tomorrow. And you'll be on tomorrow, Lee. At a boil, Lee, he's on top of it.
A little bit slow on this one. I will be here tomorrow. It's a good thing I looked at
up online. That whole deal about visas and stuff. Oh, you can't just show up there,
and like all of a sudden, you know, here you go. You know what I mean? I did. Especially now,
after 9-11, everything's a big sign of dance. Everything like, oh, well, that's going to take 8-10 weeks
in about whatever. Well, it's always a good idea to see if a place takes appointments,
because then you can walk in past everybody like the DMV in places like that. Right. A lot of people
go down. That's all they do is take appointments. Right. Well, that's that. But some places want.
Can make appointments, but it's optional. You can do walking, but if you have an appointment,
you get in faster than everybody. So it's always good idea to call as the moral of this story.
I'm going to call as soon as we get to 2 o'clock. I'm going to call. Then it like 2-15 if I send you a
message to say, oh, guess what? Sorry, but I won't be there tomorrow. I'm sure that's all I have.
We all have to send out yet another email. So yeah, keep believe busy. I'll have no need to
keep saying, oh, please, just go to the previous two and go back to the first one and go back to square one.
Whatever, you know, if I feel, if I feel like being here, I'll be here. And if not,
Thursday, we get out of here at noon because that stupid you and basketball again.
You know who told me that PR Ralph.
Thanks for Ralph. Yeah, thanks a lot, Ralph. I hear Wednesday. We have a whole show,
attended two four hours. We should put out a press release. Yeah. No PR Ralph can do it. He's a PR man.
Anyway, it's one thing about this regime, man. We sure get some great. I'll tell you a fabulous job
by Flee and my 33rd anniversary show. That was really big.
Had telegrams, balloons, party favors coming in from all over the world.
Bottles and Lake Ontario with message, message in a bottle.
Do people really, I guess they did do that long time when people stranded on island.
I ran in like a hundred years later. It floats up on shore somewhere. Oh, here's a message from
somebody who's dead now, but boy, well, look at that. They're desperate. They're starving over there.
So it's always a good idea to get to take a waterproof ballpoint pen or maybe better a pencil.
Although I think if you write it in pencil, when you put it in the water, if you get a little
water in it, probably, probably not be too good. Yeah, it's available.
Waterproof pen. There you go.
For for being stranded on desert islands, always carry one luck in your pocket. Close to your
rectum. Yeah, close to the vest. I have no foreskin. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday
on 610 W I O D, you missed this. Yeah. Okay. Listen, do me a favor, play anything because I can't
stand listening to you. You sound like a douche. Do I? Well, can I ask your question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me?
I didn't call you. Not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God,
can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? No, play something already. Why won't you answer me?
You won't see. He won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello, geez. We had a car. I got to
move on. He was right, though. Then why are you listening? That's the operative question.
You'll just like the hate emails. Although the hate emails we know most of them are coming from
across the street because they get their jollies over there from the show. Oh, that's an
statement. They do. They're obsessed. I know. I'm obsessed. Get them off.
Said the kid and let it turn and see that. That's in that whole crowd over there. And Mark Hockmer and
Ishtagin Chynek. The fake Tom jikens says, boy, it sounds like Johnny's comments are getting to
George must be some truth to it. Sounds like Johnny was trying to do the George, what George did to
the bird? Says the fake Tom jikens. Speaking of emails from across the street.
Rooster Chuchu is back. He says, Amen. Mr. Radio is completely right. His analysis of your
nihilistic ways are exactly correct. Why do you treat people so miserably, especially those
people actually like you and your show? Mr. Radio probably emails too much, but that doesn't mean he
hasn't contributed material to the show, which means this is him. Right. And doesn't mean that he's
wrong in this respect. Maybe you hate you hate your father so much that now you take it out on
people to show you any bit of affection because you don't want to get hurt again. Yeah.
Does he get a charge you for all this psychotherapy? No, it's free. Okay. PS Johnny Dark is absolutely
right about George too. No charge. George, take off your mask and reveal yourself as the parasite
that you are. And you think these aren't amusing? I find them just hysterical.
But then again, you and I've got different sense of humor to say the least.
Dow is down 70 points 65 57 was 14,000 a few weeks ago. Oh, here we go again. Joey Reynolds with
a picture of himself. Oh, I wouldn't be surprised if George did stab the bird in the back to get
the job. I never liked a little guy. He seemed like a twerp. I like Marvin and Nick much better.
I would even like Miami's own Johnny Mac before I would George. He's such a malcontinent bore.
I get him off the air. Give that flea a chance. Yeah, give give piece of chance, Joey. The fake Joey with a picture.
They're in a feeding frenzy today. It's great. Yes, he is. It is. Yes, it is.
I mean, it's no I'm your friend. I'm your friend quarter-slot guy here quarter-slot guy.
I mean, I don't know. It's like death by hanging or dead by electric cheer. It's a tough choice.
The tough decision. Now we do have a few minutes here. We could take some calls, but I'm not going
on. You want to know why? Because you don't want to. Right. I don't want to. I ain't going to.
We got only 26 minutes to go of which eight minutes are spots.
So that means we got 18 minutes to go. I'm going to start taking calls. You better you better get a life adjustment.
Mr or anybody out there to think some taking calls. I'm your friend. They're just sitting there on the edge of their seats waiting.
Waiting for the green light. Remember that song one two three green light. What was it by the 1910 fruit gum company?
Was that the name of that song? I'm going to find out. Oh, George's got it in his massive collection.
I bet you got yummy yummy yummy. I got love in my tummy by the 1910 fruit gum company. I have no green light song.
One two three green light. I'm going to look it up, but I have that.
Why are you expressed by the way? I'm sorry.
Now what was the group I said? The 1910 fruit gum company. But you're in the
some green green something green one two three green light something one two three. I don't know.
There is a one two three in here. Yeah, there it is red light. No wonder.
One two three red light. The 1910 fruit gum company. What I tell you you better get your lights straight now, Mr.
but we're fortunate to female to get your lights straight now.
Classic. You don't like that? I like it.
Now what's the other one 1910 fruit gum company stuff you got?
Well, so the oh how I expressed it yummy yummy yummy. I've got love in my tummy. What incredible lyrics that is, baby.
Now what's the bit? What's the chicken egg bit? Oh, it's a religious one.
Oh, that's right. What is it? The Bible says. Oh, the Bible says.
What is that? Indian different. Oh.
Oh.
Every good Christian knows it came to play. It's not so very hard to do.
The name of the game is the Bible says. If you interpret it the way we do tell people you know the way.
The Bible says. Invite them to your house.
Make their possessions away. The Bible says. And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe it. If you make the Bible say it's true.
No matter what you do, you can be good. The Lord will always forgive you.
Think of the poison in snakes. The Bible says. Wave it all around. The Bible says. Find the sports and finish. The Bible says.
And shoot a doctor down. Everybody, clear your own victory. Okay?
Come on, you young Republicans.
The Bible says.
Be the crop out of your kids. The Bible says. Your youth are out of the bow. The Bible says.
Go on a stair from it. The Bible says. And pass the play around. The Bible says.
The Bible says.
Yeah, that's it. Oh, that's all I wrote. Spread them and say cheese.
Take your coat and shove it. I ain't going to work again no more.
I've had enough of all the freedom is very dead and both more.
I'm getting tired of getting money away. If you want the Christian, you're for free.
Or if you could take your coat and shove it. Feel kind.
I ain't worse than in the mind.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God. Well, leave her all these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures written by queers.
Get your keys to his powerful God and then on the women of my team way.
Except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bus.
When's all the day? Take your coat and shove it.
All right. I ain't going to work again no more.
Yeah. Just a year all right.
If your wind looks because everybody else is wrong.
And I'm getting tired of watching people die.
The name of it is visible or.
Oh, don't don't don't don't.
But take your coat and shove it.
Oh, I ain't worse than in the mind.
Oh, take your coat and shove it.
I ain't worse than in the mind.
Okay, 1-44 at QIM.
The fake Steve Rodden Aerosol is good afternoon to you.
I would like to let you know that I'm very perplexed about all these fake
e-mailers you're showing. And first I thought maybe these were all real people e-mailing.
I had a long and very positive conversation with WSBN Investigative Reporters
Carmell Cafferro and Patrick Fraser.
They seem to think that your boss Joe Bell is behind this fiasco.
Carmell says the proof is in the pudding.
Unfortunately, Patrick thinks it's a hoax by clearance.
Well, sir, I just want to inform you that we're working hard on masking these fakeers.
We'll keep in touch. Steve Rodden Aerosol.
How do you like that?
They're working on it.
I'll bet.
Here's one from diluted maggot.
He says George Roxon named my bong after him.
Aren't you proud?
As punch.
I leave this one from bong.
Carnie says leave George alone.
Yeah.
Exactly.
When's that video going to pop up?
Oh, what is that under?
I'm radio low.
I hope you still have it though.
Oh, I do have it. It's in here.
Classic. You know they were actually talking about giving that thing a talk show for about five minutes.
Really? There was a thing?
Yeah.
The thing that did that.
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
The thing.
What the hell do I have that under?
I don't know. Brittany maybe?
Well, I'm looking under Brittany.
I don't have it digitized.
What?
I don't have it digitized.
It's on a CD somewhere.
Brittany's crying.
Leave Brittany alone.
They were alone.
That's not under that.
Is it under leave?
Leaving Las Vegas?
Leave leaves?
No, I can't find it.
Oh, what?
I mean, it's good, but it's not that good.
Carnie says seriously George contributes things to the show that these are his pokes don't even realize.
Great sounds.
Recording gag songs.
You record gag songs?
Just this morning.
You don't stop saying that.
I mean things that I don't even realize is Carnie.
George just ignored these idiots.
He's speaking of sounds.
I sent over George a way file of Jack Nicholson laughing.
That's very funny.
You guys ever get it?
Tutils says British Carnie.
Thank you, Carnie.
I don't think I did.
Oh.
He didn't get it. Carnie.
Tutils.
Uddles of tutils.
Susie says, oh, this is sad.
A Johnny Dark story.
You ready for it?
You're strapped in?
I'm strapped in it, Ellen.
Hey, Neil, I was out with friends about a year ago.
A guy comes up to talk and asks me to dance.
We talked briefly, discovered we had a mutual friend who's a DJ at the coast.
Then he handed me his business card.
As soon as I saw his full name and before I could help myself, I started singing.
Johnny Darkson asked, clown.
He looked stunned and I felt terrible.
I apologize, but I still think it was pretty damn funny.
It was hysterical, Susie.
Isn't that funny?
Medium funny.
Johnny Darkson asked, clown.
We can't say that.
What?
He's proud of that jingle.
Poor Johnny.
So misunderstood.
Bye.
I don't know.
By somebody.
Very jackass.
The phone bit is called phone lines by Mitchell Lewis.
No, God, it's very.
I'm not going to, we're not going to waste our time right now.
Oh, did you ever find this?
It's a yacht. He goes on and on and on.
The fake very.
Wouldn't you like to be a fly in the wall across the street while they're sitting around?
No. Absolutely not.
If they're computerally not tapping out the door.
No, no.
No, absolutely not.
Not for us.
Keep in mind that very has an incestuous relationship with our friends across the street.
They're beneath my notice.
No, they're not.
Yeah, they are.
Scott and Phinellis Park says Ohio Express.
Best song they ever did was Big Barrow and Steel.
Not a piece of other gum crab.
If George wants a copy, I have it on MP3.
I bet you got it in there Ohio Express.
Big Barrow and Steel.
If you got yummy, yummy, yummy.
I got it in my tummy.
You know, I don't have it.
Send it.
Send it along Scott.
Big Barrow and Steel.
I remember it. If I heard it, I'd say, oh yeah.
No, got a lot of Ohio players, but no.
No, not the Ohio players.
You'll have to express yummy, yummy, yummy.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Todd says I unfortunately flipped on MSNBC while making lunch.
And Andrea Mitchell had just finished saying the air in Bernette.
Oh well, one more more bad news on the economy.
They both laughed.
Real funny bitch.
What evil bastard decided to put the wife of Woody Allen Greenspan on the air for any reason?
Much less to talk about an economy that her fossil of a husband helped to destroy.
And like you said, all they run our prison shows all weekend.
Oh yeah.
Lock up.
Whoever made that programming decision ought to be locked up.
Lock up.
Talk about morbid and depressing.
So who's going to watch this crap after they bankrupt to Saul and throw us all in jail?
This relax Todd.
Go finish making lunch.
This too shall pass.
Right?
Like a gallstone.
This too shall pass.
Garth says, keep shot.
He said I took a keep shot.
The difference between the only Garth I know is a guy who used to work at Miami International.
He was a, what do you call it guys?
Like, work the gates?
Like the luggage guy? What do they call those guys?
Something.
Yeah.
It was a good guy.
We used to have chats every time I'd be coming up here, you know, back in the day.
Right? Garth.
That's the only Garth I know. I sure hope it's not him.
He says the difference between Bayside then in Brickle downtown now is that tens of thousands of young people
have actually moved into the downtown over the past few years, whereas then nobody actually lived there.
Well good. I'm happy for them and I'm happy for you Garth.
I'm happy you're happy.
It was not a cheap shot. It was an accurate reflection of my attitude about Brickle and about Bayside,
about all South Beach. If you're all whipped up and excited about it, great.
I'm happy for you.
Well, you're a lot of people like Plain Vanilla ice cream. That's great.
There's lots of it around, man. Tons. Gobs. Gobs and globs.
So anyway, this Vanity Fair article is written by Mark Seal, the Godfather Wars.
After I do the pull, if I have a second, let me just mention, I sure don't have time to read. It's 189 pages.
It's an article that's like 650 pages.
203 votes on the pool. If I wasn't charged at WQM for one hour, I would fire Joyce 44,
higher Randy Rhodes 35, fixed the damn signal 21, put Neil on eight hours at A21,
changed to a non-sports format 21, give George his own show 18, read Harry Hank Goldberg 15.
Nice job there, by the way, Jolly Joe. After he can't hang, that's when we started going in the tank.
That's when the number started vanishing when he tried to rebuild, you know, Jolly Joe,
send everyone home and padlock the door 12 higher studs Coleman with a 1D now.
Seven. Thank you, Eric. Fire Joe Bell for fire the big O3, changed to non music format 3,
give it to the dolphin games only one.
Says in many ways, the men who made the Godfather director Francis Ford Coppola producer Al Ruti,
paramount executives Robert Evans and Peter Bart and Gulf and Western boss Charles Blutorne,
whatever his name was, whereas Ruthless is the gangsters and Mario Puzzo's blockbuster.
After violent disputes over the casting of Marlon Brando and El Pacino, they tangled with the real-life mob
which didn't want the movie made at all. The author recalls how the clash of Hollywood sharks,
mafia king pins and cinematic geniuses shaped a Hollywood masterpiece plus video more photos
and a late breaking story of how a Jersey family mentored the cast.
How do you like that? Uh huh. I wonder if they mentored Frankie Pentangely.
Cannot get him out of my mind, Frankie Pentang, Frankie five angels.
Yeah, Michael Coyote did this and Michael Coyote did that. I said, yeah, sure.
His brother had that kind of like confused mean look on his face, didn't he?
He was confused, all right? Like what? What's going on here?
Like that guy in Vancouver who was confused and they tasted him, you know, and he like died.
Oh, me, oh, yeah.
It's Dave, I heard my any town. Oh, oh, at five, six, oh, WQA.
Yeah.
Grandma and grandpa is coming real soon.
Hedgehog TV switch, a better, hager for you.
It's a scene of them catching.
It's not exactly new.
Here's some easy instructions to help you watch too.
Okay, listen close grandma. You can't use a boil and tenor anymore.
Well, your picture won't be snowy. It's just gone.
There's all kinds of different channels. Claire and Chris been riding.
But you won't see, because your own set is still in black and white.
Go to htp, go and forward slash forward slash www.dt.gov
And order a converter box.
Okay, grandma, unplug your RS cable from the old splitter on the back of your TV
and use a go axe cable that comes.
With your converter box, grandma, grandma.
One in the RF outboard, one the other end into the RF in port.
Don't soil your new flannels, because after all your high-tech hassle,
you got brand new channels that look just like before.
Grandma, just listen to the radio.
Bye, bye, bye!
