Hey, it's 10 o'clock.
Neil Rogers is coming up next.
Have a great day, everybody.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the
hoes.
I wonder if D.A. is going to bring that.
Oh, oh, oh, for the morning show.
Is he a new appetizer of our agency?
What do you think?
First of best talent.
You can do it.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My M1.
My M1.
I'm going to sport Lauderdale.
Dale.
What was that all about?
Oh, that was me.
They were clowns.
What an ass clown.
What?
You heard me.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 560-0560 in day and
well.
In other counties, call toll free 877-785 Neil or pound 560 on your AT&T and
Verizon Wireless Follens.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his knowledge, do not represent
those of WQAM management.
You have four sponsors.
No.
The Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
Oh, Alonzo, you're so big.
Money has been a little bit high lately.
I only have this much money.
I declare bankruptcy.
We're all scraping for some dough.
All our payments are amongst me.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
Your dad didn't give me any money for the school book fair.
Let me just go shopping.
New graduates are asking for her for a rest of your plan.
Everybody is broke, baby.
Everybody is crying, the blues.
Everybody is cutting jobs.
Cannapillar announced they were cut in 20,500 more jobs this morning. Pfizer is
cut in 8,000 as part of a $65 billion deal by rival healthcare firm Wyeth. So
they got 65 billion to buy Wyeth, but they got to cut 8,000 jobs. Sprint
next-tell announced they're not gonna off 8,000 positions in the first quarter.
And Home Depot is eliminating 7,000 jobs while closing four dozen stores under
its smaller home improvement brands as the recession continues to better the
nation's housing market. Everybody's broke. You got a time? No. Brother, can you
spare a dime? Come on, you'll do a show today for us. Do a show. Come on, do a show
for us. Don't mail it in. Don't read the poll numbers. Oh, brother. Well, now that
the election is over, no bomb has gotten sworn in and all the hoop lies over
with that. It's like there's, I don't know. And of course the economy's going to
hell on a handbasket so everybody's out of work and everybody's depressed. But
it's like there's just nothing going on. You know, I mean the Sun is shining here.
It's cold as hell again, but the Sun is shining. Yeah, that's nice here. Well, I'm
gonna happy for you. It's freezing. Absolutely freezing. It's frigid. But I'm not
complaining you understand because life isn't just about the weather. No. If life
was just about weather, everybody would want to live in San Diego. I guess I haven't
been there, but I hear it's real pretty, pretty nice. Now let's take a look at that
email thing to get us started this morning and oh, here's one. Phil Ark. Woo. How do
you like that? Now Phil is one of those guys. Sometimes he's good and sometimes he's
bad and sometimes he's just full of crap, you know, but at least he's there, which
is it today? Oh, I don't know. I'm printing it out right now. Before we get to that,
though, here's one from Robert longtime listener. Hi, before I give an opinion, listen since
93 Joe Bell and Joyce Fitch have definitely effed up the show. Need you damn near lost it
with my my space site approximately two and a half years ago. Thanks Miguel. I damn near
lost it with my space site. Okay. I'm assuming that's all the Jacob business. I guess there
was some angst there for about. Oh, yeah. Well, that was, you know, my space is history.
It's past a Facebook sports at now. Come on. The open a Facebook. Yeah. Right. Hold
your breath. Anyway, Robert says Georgia's become ego and ego centric wannabe with visions
of grandeur. Mm hmm. I need like that. Yeah. Whatever. I don't mind his religious
rants, but I do mind when he turns the entire show into the music, he thinks it's somebody
who wants to hear. Really? I've done a music show in over a year. Last time I was on,
which was a holiday. I played three songs. People who want to hear music would not be
on the AM band anyhow, especially with WQM signal. I know complain, critique and whatever
other verb is not. Everyone email. I get from some of us. Ten that say, thank you for
turning me on to that. Thank you. I had no idea that was out there. It's at 10 horrible
music again. Yes. Exactly. Oh, God. Complaining, critique and whatever verb. I've heard
from you. Where's his Robert? Yeah. Still listening though. They've all got to complain
down. And it's funny that he complimented the religious talk because I get more beef over
that than anything else. Although once again, for everyone complaint, I get about that.
I do. I do. I do. We're doing okay. Compared to the rest of this horse ball. Exactly.
My God. I do my job better than you do your job, Robert. Well, how do you know what
Robert? How do I have no idea? Because I don't have time to send complaint and
contribute emails to people. I'm so much fun. I'm so busy and having so much fun.
Phil Arks says, hello, Neil. So last week, apparently, there was a morning show,
radio convention here in Fort Lauderdale, hosted by your close personal friend, Pauli
Castrenova. I was wondering exactly what you do with these things. You can't possibly
be learning how to be entertaining by going to convention. Have you ever gone to one of
these things? I never heard of those things, much less gone to one. Secondly, what made
Pauli the standard bear and what is successful in entertaining? Anyways, puppet loves bunch
has started a war with Paul and old Ron. Oh, yeah, no kidding. That's his whole thing.
Calling them a bunch of clown fags for going to these conventions. Additionally, he was
complaining about the beastly legal, the permanent fraving extra prohibited words since
his show is broadcast across multiple companies, which don't have the restrictions. He has
to watch his mouth just for the beastlies. So you're not alone, Neil. Beasley is paranoid.
No kidding. That's a bulletin. Beasley is paranoid. Okay. Don't say this and don't say
that. Joyce has trouble with penis. Don't say this and don't say that. Okay. Here's
the poll from a Friday. Who's gone the furthest with the least talent? Man colder 234.
See, if it's a negative poll, and her name is on there, it's just almost like putting
the bushmeister on here. Man colder. Larry King 86. Kathy Lee Gifford, a YouTube Britney
Spirit 81 Madonna 66. Tiny Tim 57. He's dead, right? Yes. Good. Adam Sandler 51,
Joshua Gabor 50, kiss 46. Keanu Reeves 39, Donald Trump 37, Katie Kurek 33, Ron Jeremy
32. Will Smith 21, Jay Leno 19, Andy Kaufman 15, MC Hammer 7, Bob Hope 7, Gweatherth
Paltrow 7, Bill Wall 7, AC DC 2, Karen's Malak. I still don't know who that is. I'm
sucks. None for the sex pistols are Michael Jackson 982 vote. Oh, if I had to let that
go a little while, we got a thousand and then we got a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
And the ghost of Jerry Wichner would have brought his 357 Magnum and laid it on the counter
right there by you. But he's dead. What is your favorite band with chicks? This is a
Sean poll. I want everybody to know that because Sean, Sean's got problems. Now you met him
at Gulf Stream on Friday. Yeah. You see the first time. Really? Right? Well, I mean, let me
read the poll question again. What is your favorite band with chicks? Down near the bottom
of the poll, Avril Lavigne's got six votes. Avril Lavigne is a band. Avril Lavigne's not
a band. No, Katie Lang, who also is not a band. Right. That is not a band. Who? Pat Benitar?
No, right. I mean, it's just stupid. Sean is stupid. Whatever. No, it's dumb. Well, we can
take those off of there, but I don't really. I don't care. I'm with you. I don't give a crap.
If you're going to put a poll together for us, you know, we appreciate it and all that other
crap, but at least put some choices on there that makes sense. Avril Lavigne is a band.
Anyway, Fleetwood max 68, Vixie 6, 59, Hart 54, the pretender's 33, B 52 is 28. The
Go goes 26. The Go goes Jefferson Airplane 21, Blondie 19, Abba, Abba, Abba 18. They
supreme 18, Pat Benitar, who's not a band 14. Eurythmus 13. See, that's the interesting
part of it is that these incorrect choices he puts on here. They got votes.
Joan Jett and the Black Hearts 12, Mamas and Poppins 12, Carpenter's 10. I continue to turn
a review nine. Big brother in the holding company nine, fifth dimension seven, the Plasmatic
6, Avril Lavigne, definitely not a band 6. Peter Paul and Mary 6, Katie Lang 4, Scandal 3,
and the motels have one out of 456. Sean, the one you went a long dry spell without sending
us any polls. Although he wants some money there on Friday you said. Yeah, he did.
Yeah, you lost because, well, that second race. I'm not going to apologize for getting beat by
30 to one shot. That looked like chicken picker on the form. Last time out seventh by 24. In fact,
the last three starts for that horse. He'd been beaten by about 100 lengths. Lady Laurie,
let's see. Fifth by 41 and a half, seventh by 24, and sixth by 18, and the last three starts.
I mean, we're talking serious. I don't get it. I don't get it.
Sirius Form reversal. That's the gentleman's way of putting it. Form reversal. You know what I mean?
In addition to what you're only going for like a $12 double anyway. So what's the big deal?
There is one. Huh? No big deal at all. Those were races. You couldn't handi-cap with a with a
Ouija board. Remember in the exorcist Reagan had a Ouija board? Right. Wasn't it a Ouija board?
It was a Ouija board. That's how Captain Howdy got Captain Howdy, right? I wonder if Captain Howdy
was kind of Captain Howdy Doody. I wonder if Captain Howdy ever did a Doody. Howdy Doodab.
Well, I think it had something to do with it. I could be wrong, but that's generally where that kind of craft starts.
So I don't know. We'll leave those incorrect ones on the pole just to make Sean happy because he's confused.
I mean, if he's got time to come out there and see you at Gulfstream, he's,
anybody else come out that we know? Surely from the emails. Yeah, right. Who else? Some unnamed people,
you know, people that I don't know by name. People with no name. They introduced themselves. Maybe they're looking for
a guy with no name. They didn't introduce themselves, but we had some nice people out there. I see.
Oh, I see a couple of emails coming in here now. There was an article in the Wall Street Journal
that says La Carretta in Miami Airport is great. Also, this article in these heroes says George's
favorite chain has Las Vegas Cuban Rester will be opening a branch in Miami Airport. It upscale.
Las Vegas in Mary Brickle Village. And it's got a link which I'm not going to waste my time with.
Thank you, Mama B. Why aren't the bangles on there? Joe G wants to know. You want to add the bangles? Sure, right away.
Get them on there right away. Why aren't they on there? He wants to know. Why? What's wrong with you guys? Huh?
Boy, do we show for us today, Neil? Come on, make us laugh. Give us a little little stuff and something. Come on, Neil.
Neil at theorages.com. That's the email address for all your
prespicacious comments, your complaints, critiques, observations, life suggestions, and just general
misery. I won't be long before I'm your, your my bitch chimes in, I'm sure.
So Bob and Lussbudges looking for a war with old Paul. That's the oldest scam, man. Just like
the guys across the street have been trying to suffer me into that for a long, long time. Who cares
about them? When you can't even break a two-year, you're not like even a factor in the market. So
what's all those guys talking about with their one shares? And of course at nighttime we got some
shares and they also got some shares. This is the expression field format. Come to mine. I shouldn't
ask you. I'm just going to shut up.
You know when D-Y-S-U-G-A-S-R.
Scress Matthews playing hardball for 2009. I tell you what, I got fat over the break. I ate so much
turkey when the doctor put his hands up my colon to do my exam. He pulled out stuffing.
Eh, I'm serious. There was actual breadcrime to the chap, Daniel. Not that you care, but it's
going to be a tough year for yours truly. I can't bitch, moan, wine, and complain anymore because
my guys in the white house. Maybe it's time for me to go after another group of people.
I get a hobby. I've always wanted a hobby. Maybe I learned to play the trumpet on the
suicide phone. Ha ha. Step. I lost my mind for a minute. Nobody called places.
Suicide phone is impossible to look cool while you had that big donut around your head.
Why don't they always make the fat kid play the suicide phone? Anyway, let's get right to it.
Play hardball on my first guest with 2009. He's the president of the United States. I should say
outgoing George Bush. How are you? You have a crazy laugh. Anybody ever tell you that?
You make me nervous. Why are you looking at my zipper? Does it bother you having the last name
Bush? Does it answer the question? Go ahead. Go ahead. Times up. Don't answer that question.
My next guest on hardball first episode 2009. Don't have another guest. Realize people don't like me anymore.
Well, come on to program. Ha ha. Gotta talk to nine issue people like
congressman from Maine. What the hell? Guess 2009 makes me the news anchor. Most likely to play the
suicide phone. I'll pop back for another year and I miss them. Be so happy to know you.
Wow. 10, 19, 5, 60, WQM. Let's take a look at that schedule for the week.
Well, look at that. What? Monday, January 26th. George. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'll see you. Bye.
What is that all about? Another cut and paste typo there.
Well, that's because last week I was off Monday because it was Martin Luther King Day. That is
correct. And so therefore we just type in cut and paste. Our cut and paste program director,
who by the way are fake clearances, got an email in here somewhere in this very small pile.
The only thing they want to talk about today is add more chicks on the pole. That's the whole
most of the whole. Yeah. What happened to well, clearance is fake, fake clearance.
I didn't print that one out. Oh, here it is. I told you the beast would be working on your show.
You don't have to thank me. I know you really appreciate my hard work at QAM. Yeah, you're a
slacker clearance. You're real lung head. Now, George, don't forget you'll be working on Joe Rosen's
show very soon. I can't remember everything I say eventually comes to fruition. I love you,
Neil and George, not so much happy Monday guys, fake clearance. I can't wait because then I'm
going to say everything that Joe says off the air on the air. Try to spruce up the show a little bit.
Oh, yeah. What about when he's got what's his name on? What's his name? The Reviled Alex Marvaz,
named much more Reviled talent agent. Well, I got some strategies there. I'll leave the play
of using drops while they're talking or just hanging up on. Well, wait till you hear this.
Here's some good news from Rick, the Antichord Noholi guy. I just received four arbitra
on rating books for my house. It's only for weeks worth of time. I don't know what my impact my
four measly books will have on your ratings. But from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Monday through Friday,
it'll be all you, Neil. Oh, thank you, Rick. We love you profusely. Thank you for giving us
normal security officers something to listen to during the day all these years. You're welcome.
Rick, how do you like that? Yep. I'm smelling some bonus money, baby. Not. Oh, you're still funny.
I am after all these. Come on, Neil. Do a show for us today. Make us laugh.
Bill is a little poochy. Goochy. Come on. Oh, God. You know, I remember years and years ago,
saying on the year that the one thing about doing a show in South Florida is every day is like
the first day. What have you done for me lately? Every day is like starting all over again.
Well, why didn't you bring to us today, Neil? What have you got? What's on the plate today?
New York City Dave, who's a real pain in the ass, says, good morning. I really like this poll. Can you
add the band Berlin to the list? Thanks and have a good day on it. You got it? Yeah.
George is adding these. We're going to have a, and I don't know why, because they're going to be
changing this poll eventually anyway. Whatever, whatever. Yeah, but if it makes you happy,
Harry and S.I.B. again, I don't know what S.I.B. is. Nope. Why? No, Janice Joplin. No band just a
singer. That's right. That's right. No band just a singer. That's not the poll question. Name
a female singer. My God. Can you imagine that? Oh, good. God. We're back to this again. Name something.
Yeah, that's right. Name a lady. Purple parrot.
Parrot jungle. Yeah. Purple people leader. Jim. The color purple.
Oprah. Let me get off the purple. Kathy says a band with chicks, garbage,
Shirley Manson kicks ass. Sure she does. You want to put some garbage on there? I do. I love garbage.
I bet you do. Probably pick through it in the morning. Well, I can't blame you. The way things
are getting really tough. We fall in on really hard times. Tim says two more for the poll.
Now, let me read the question again. What is your favorite band with chicks? Not can you name a
bunch of them or two of them? Right. Two more for the poll. That's always happens. Yeah. Give us
a list. Okay. Two more to add to the poll. Black eyed peas with purge and no doubt. Both great
bands, hot female lead singers, got it. No doubt in black eyed peas. Yeah. We're putting them
on there. They won't get a lot of votes because it's too late. Oh, Chuck. Sheneer. Film produced
who dies at 88. This is for my dead man guy, Buzz Florida. Well, let me print this out because I'm
sure. Oh, yeah. Goes on. I never hear this guy Chuck. Sheneer. No. I didn't either.
He used to make his films with a lick and a smear. Good old Chuck. Sheneer and Brandon's got a really
a weak poll on here. What every day, sure, Aaron, you absolutely hate doing the most shaving, cooking,
washing dishes, washing clothes. Oh, it goes on. And I don't like that one, Brandon. You're right,
marginal. I deleted for a lot of effort into it. Oh, give him that. See, he cares enough to send
his very best is supposed to most of the audience who don't care enough to send anything,
although then back, back, come on, Neil, you know, like that. Sheneer, the producer, 25 films was
best known for his collaboration on several movies with special effects genius Ray Harryhausen.
I wonder if he's kind of leader, housing. Oh, that guy. Charles Sheneer, a film producer, best known
for his influential collaboration on several movies with her Ray Harryhausen as Dottie was 88.
He died Wednesday at a hospice in Boka. Sheneer, who most recently had been living in Delray Beach,
had been ill for several years. His daughter said the news release.
Sheneer was producer 25 films, including health cats in the Navy. The only film to star Ronald Reagan
and Nancy Davis, the future president and first lady. Wow. Sheneer began his three decade
partnership with Harryhausen in 1955 with the fantasy film. It came from beneath the sea about a
giant octopus that destroys the golden gate bridge. The idea for the film was stop animation by
Harryhausen with Schneeers. Charles and Ray were an ideal couple. They were both enthusiastic
about doing fantasy films at a time when fantasy films weren't being taken seriously by the studio.
Arnold Kunert, Harryhausen's agent and close friend told the Times.
Sheneer and his wisdom believed in Ray's talent as a stop motion animation artist.
Several memorable films that two made together, including Jason and the Argonauts, the three
worlds of Gulliver, the seventh voyage of Sinbad, the golden voyage of Sinbad, Sinbad and the I
of the Tiger. And last film together was 1981, Clash of the Titans. I never heard of any of these.
I saw all of them. You did? Sure. No. Yes. Sheneer moved to London in 1960, where he remained
for the next 45 years relocating to Florida in 2005. And then shortly thereafter he died.
Well, that's what happens when you go to Florida. You start screaming. I'm dying out of here.
A lot of people come to Florida just for that to die. That's what Anne Bancroft said.
Like the elephant graveyard here. When we get old, we go to Florida to die. What was that movie
with Harvey Fierstein? Poor song trilogy. Never saw it. Very sad. Then I won't see it.
Matthew Broward, and it's very sad. And Harvey Fierstein. I mean, they just show that clip over.
Well, because that sounds very gay. And of course, Harvey Fierstein, I mean, talk about Butcher.
What a gay to want to be loved. Really? Really? Well, let's leave the gay crap out of it.
Okay, it's super bowl week coming up. Let's get this Butcher in Machuos weekend so we can be like,
I feel like we're part of it. Part of what? What? Joe Rose at the Super Bowl in Orlando at the Super Bowl
and Mad Dog at the Super Bowl. Oh, boy. Dolphin tonight at the Super Bowl. Oh, so both
campers was at Gulf Street months Saturday. Huh? Friday. Whatever day it was. Yeah, he walked by real fast.
Like he didn't notice. Did he really? Oh, yeah. Didn't come anywhere nearest.
Are you cereal? Why would I just make that up? Well, what kind of a piece of crap is that? He was with
somebody and they were walking really fast and we shouted out to him and he just like looked over
and looked away and didn't want to be recognized. Didn't wave? No, I don't know. I don't think so.
Didn't say, hey, how's it going, George? I don't think he wanted anyone there to know who he was
so that he wouldn't be bothered. Oh, give me a break. You are such a... Oh, what a voice.
He hates us. He didn't want anything to do with us. Okay, because he does that horse ball show with
his zero share at seven o'clock at night. He is his wooden as a cigar sterini that fully
that for years. He's got a personality of a dead man in a coffin. 1028 at 560 WQM the most. Grab my junior, honey.
All right.
All right.
They're coming here in December. I heard they got a new member. Yes, they did.
And my only prayer is that grams were alive.
It never got a chance to see them losing all this vision and most of this hearing.
But grandma had the pins in the room where he cranked their tunes. Grandma didn't even hear it.
They did.
And when he heard painted black, he smoked bones. And when he died, they buried him next to crying tones.
Hey grandma, is it true what they say Keith? Stomach in the mix of days they discovered fire.
I was crying while I stopped going around town saying to the child of all three great-great children.
I was about to retire. Nobody nice.
Heard some talk about jagged in some intensive care and roaming around the nursing home with all time a swam.
Other than dirt, steel wheeled desert name on the tune.
Grandma just hung up here to see the boy. Grandpa loved the rolling songs.
And when he placed satisfaction, he moaned. And when he died, they carved a big tongue on his head.
And when he played the piano, he was a little bit more like a stone.
And when he played the piano, he was a little bit more like a stone.
And when he played the piano, he was a little bit more like a stone.
1035 and 560 WQM. Here's a great email from John and For Lauderdale, a radio spy report.
One here, yes please. Good morning you. You might want to inform Clarence that he aired an outdated syndicated program early Saturday morning, Pro Football Weekly.
They were previewing the AFC and NFC championships games which had been played the week before.
Most of the analysts of the show picked the Eagles and the Ravens so much for QAM Sports program.
Thank you John and For Lauderdale for spying on Clarence and his just lack of effort.
Just talk about mealing it in. He can't even afford the Postage stamps.
He won't even make the effort to go to the Post or if it's in VISOM.
Lazy, lazy, slacker. And he knows he's got a job for life because he's got naked pictures of the bees, leez and a billy goat or something.
I don't know what he's got. He's got naked pictures of Joyce and a walrus. He's got something.
That must be it. Because he is as useless as breast on Uranus.
I could use some of those. Rich and Orlando says I've seen three of the Oscar-worthy movies so far contended that both the wrestler and frost and Nixon are better pictures than slum dog millionaire.
The award season has been turned into a big heavy hug your local Hindu campaign, but the Indian movie just doesn't hold up to the other ones.
Wasn't it Jack Lemmon who said and you don't and don't give me anymore leads named Patel and Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Patel? Patel?
P-A-T-E-L. I know. That's how they say it.
That's how who says it? Al Pacino.
Well, Jack was right as dev Patel can't hold a candle either. Mickey work as the wrestler or Frank Langella is Richard Nixon.
Says Richard Orlando. Well, thanks Rich. I'm not going to see any of them anyway.
I mean, why do I want to see about Nixon anymore? Nixon and David Frost. Why do I want to see that?
Talk about-
Don't they have the actual interviews, you know, like on tape or something?
Yes, I'm sure they did. So why would we want to see some fake-
Yeah, exactly. Recreated crap with a couple of guys who don't look anything at all like the original people.
Right. Because not even remotely. Just because they want to make some movie and there are a lot of ideas over there in Hollywood.
That might be it. Maybe that's why they keep remaking really great movies and they do a real half-ass job at like real-
Like that and sighting and the day the worst that still. Right.
And Lacey come home.
Dan says, listen to her 20 plus years when I get the chance. Home sick today. So get to hear the whole show.
Oh, come on, you'll do a good show for Dan. Come on. No.
I'm healing it in today.
Horrible pool today. I agree with that. Very, I mean, the concept is fine. But what a mishmash.
If he's going to list bands, they should just be bands. That's right. Let him have it, Dan.
Freaking Sean from Hollywood. I mean, Sean, you've sent us some good stuff over the years, but lately your material.
He even worse than Charlie B and that's saying a lot. I got a whole new stack from Charlie B today. Oh, God are they bad.
If Neil farted, would you sniff it real hard? If Neil came to your house, if Neil, if you grew up with Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil. I mean, oh, Charlie, get a flesh to where the flesh to be.
Not one with the stop. Leave me alone, Charlie B. Anyway, that said he should at least spell the names right. He's got the Avril Lavigne spelled wrong.
Another band would six hole. It says Dan, hole. Yes. Put it right on there. There's your president passing the bill. Congress can act where walked in this fail to act over and over again for 30 years.
We need more than the same old empty promises. That's right. We need somebody to give us a billion dollars so we can tell Joe Bell to stick it. Stick it in the hole.
Speaking of hole. Avril Lavigne, she didn't belong under the first place. I like her just fine. Good Canadian chick. But I mean, what does she do? She's a band. She's a group.
And I don't see any apologies from Sean from Hollywood and explanation on here. Maybe he's just maybe he's plastered when he sends us that crap. Maybe he's blitzed.
How do guys who like drink just nonstop? How do they like keep their liver going? I guess the serons they're coming from Sean. Here? No, brother going the other way.
Just Bob says Monday suck, which I agree with that, especially today. S.I.B. is Sunny Isle Beach. Yeah. What a revelation. Sunny Isle Beach. I don't have a chick band way to the pole. Thank God just Bob enough already. Here's one from Anfone.
He's one of the chronic regulars, but all of a sudden decided to come up with a really stupid name. How about you? Reath for a fragment for your poll? She looked good the other day. Is she a band? She's big enough to be one. She's big enough to be a big group. She's the one man band. And I still resent the way that she chopped that country and half. You know, she chopped that word like black. I can understand why chicken act does it because he's a smart ass. She's not supposed to be a smart ass, but she can get away with it because she's your re-through. You know, that's right.
J.G. in Miami says take a look at the Sunday schedule for W.I.O.D. does anything stand out and it's got a list of stuff. And from 9 a.m. to noon, the Jesus Christ show. What the hell is that? People call in saying, Hi, Jesus. Thank you for taking my call. Naturally, Jesus answers. How can I help you today? What the hell is this? This guy even refers to himself as Jesus in the first person. Unbelievable says.
He's a J.G. The Jesus Christ show. Oh, God. Of course, don't forget the rumor. There's shoving Skur America down the dial to 610 blowing all those people out, which means Jimmy syphilis. You're done, Jimmy. Hey, Jimmy, you're out. And then they're putting a sports talk up on the 940. Can you imagine? I mean, let's divide it by another. Don't have to imagine. Have we been here before? No, but I'm just saying. I mean, they at least have a signal. Oh, that's right.
50,000 friggin' Watts over there. Of course, the last thing we need is another sports station, but don't confuse them. They'll put that Dan Cilio guy on the morning, who's got an ego bigger than Uranus.
And then a bunch of other losers, the rest of you know, syndicated crap. Role me. Oh, God. Just keep rehashing the same losing crap over and over and over again. My God. God almighty. Put something on here. Somebody might want to hear. Of course, that's not the cheap channel. F and way. That is not their style.
Any more than it's Joe Bell style, like you say, if he likes it, it's going to suck and it's going to fail.
So when's the big change coming on this station two to four and nighttime? I don't know. Just thinking out loud, okay.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble. After age 35, most men experience decreased levels up to stastorone. But if you're like most men, you don't want to take risky pills or harmful injections.
Now you can renew your manhood the all natural way with testosterone.
Testosterone is the one hormonal rich pasta that really sticks out.
Oh, well, it's right. Now there's a way to increase your sex drive and endurance.
Hey, honey, you cook up the testosterone. I'll provide the sun to meatballs.
And best of all, testosterone can benefit the whole family like mom.
Oh, my grandma.
Even grandpa.
Nothing yet. Testosterone. It'll do wonders for your noodle.
Still nothing. Oh, wait.
A moody.
A partial arm. I've got to come on.
1047 at 560 WQM Woodrow. But that's an interesting name for the meal part. Woodrow.
Yeah. Maybe maybe he wanted the wood to see wood grow.
I know. Yeah. Don't start.
So many times I know as a matter of fact, Charles and Pinecress says.
I was driving around over the weekend and listening to the station. The big old was on.
They were talking about that women's hoopscoach that just died from breast cancer.
And big old or his coho starts playing funny soundbuds as they're talking about this woman who just died.
Normally this stuff wouldn't bother me. But I have several members of my extended family who died from breast cancer.
It just seemed really insensitive and infantile. Now you're talking about the big rock solid.
Insensitive and infantile, especially the infantile part.
How is he allowed to get away with this crap rock solid?
I read about all these other radio hosts from other parts of the country who are fired for much less.
But here it seems you have to murder somebody to be taken off the air.
Rock solid. That's right, Charles and Pinecress. You better understand the big old is rock solid.
I got some of those naked pictures too, I guess.
Although I think they're going to be shoving him up to the nighttime when nobody can hear the station and stick in somebody in there two to four.
Somebody who can get more than a one one, you know. Oh God.
Somebody who actually speaks English. That was up 118 points.
Aren't you thrilled? Oh, yeah.
The late micronary says just wanted to say hello.
We all listen to you up here. You mentioned your a witcher before and he got a kick out of it.
He does like listening to you, but we outvoted him.
We only have one radio and we took away his gun.
Oh, he doesn't like listening to you.
Big Alan and I can't wait for you to join us. Rick Shaw stopped by last week, but I told him he actually has to die before he can join our little coffee clagged.
See you soon, Mike. Y'all hold it. Y'all got to. Y'all get what you all want.
P.S. Can you bring me a pack of Winston's on the way up?
Y'all hold it. Y'all got to. Y'all get what you all want.
Yeah, I'm holding it. Dougabuga.
Lucky, lucky. Here comes cookie.
I like when he was just fine. He was a good guy and I liked him a lot, but I got a confess.
I really never understood his show. You know what I mean?
Didn't you? Like when he would read the Daily Almanac?
Well, you weren't like an old fisherman or anything like that.
No, that's true. We want an old cracker. Floor to crackle.
Old cracker? Yeah. Hey, are you crackers out there? We got a show for you. Now that I'm old, but I'm not a cracker though.
That was up on 28. How do I do you?
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
All these people losing their jobs.
And what are they worried about?
Just like that, the email we got last Tuesday on an auguration day.
Oh, what's all the big hoop lines? I mean, it's not something important like the Super Bowl. You know, or like that.
Oh, the sports mind, the sports mentality. It's just enough.
It's enough to make your head just explode, isn't it?
Yep. Now let's take a look at all these emails on here.
Outlook your express and click on it.
And there are 10 polls from Charlie B and Sean and Larry and the Lanny or 10 polls.
And that's it.
They got nothing today.
Come on, you know, make this laugh.
Give us a little koochi koochi. Come on.
Nope. I'm not even putting near mail on there. I've just put in one stamp,
which I'll probably return it, return to sender.
We got to wait for something big and exciting to happen, you know.
I mean, we got almost four more years before the next election.
We got swillery walking around. Yes, how she's always got that same smug look on her face.
Always. Yes.
And she wonders.
Yes, she wonders why so many people hate her like poison.
I just can't warm up to her to the ice princess.
You know, it's like we'll be like my going outside dressed like I am right now with my walking shorts and a t-shirt and my floppies.
And if I walked outside right now, I just can't warm up to this.
Same thing with her.
The ice princess.
Oh, you just don't like women, Neil. That must be it.
Yeah, I mean, everybody loves swillery.
And he wonder why he was screwing around.
I don't.
No, nothing on the view.
What am I going to do with all those poles sitting there?
If there was a good one, I'd put it on there for tomorrow, but they're not.
I mean, Charlie, be your obsession with me is embarrassing even to me, Charlie.
Oh, if Neil Farts would just sniff his ass, I mean, would you like.
538 votes on the poll.
Whole black eyed piece in Berlin.
Don't have any see there's really no point garbage got to.
No doubt got five, but there's not really any point and putting in the bangles got seven because we're going to change the poll soon.
But if it makes you feel better that you sent me an email and we and George actually went ahead and put it on there like, oh, good.
See, right?
Means where we sponsor were listening.
Yeah, whatever.
Are we?
We'll do it.
Yeah, whatever they want.
Yeah, we'll put it on there.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
For those of you who missed that.
Let's see, here's one.
These are from over the weekend.
They're not from today.
Digging into my pile.
There wasn't much came in over the weekend either.
They're just ignoring us now.
Seth says without going into any butt looking, I will simply say,
oh, God.
That being noted, a question and some info.
First, George mentioned a group that is interested in early Miami radio.
And as Mr. Miami member of BILIA, I would very much appreciate if George has the info,
you're being kind enough to give me their email address.
What?
Let me read that paragraph again.
Please.
I mean, I didn't miss any of the words that you said.
I just didn't understand a word of it.
Well, maybe you'll observe it better.
Maybe.
I'm getting choked up about it.
It's so silly.
First, George mentioned a group that is interested in early Miami radio.
And as Mr. Miami member of BILIA, I would very much appreciate if George has the info,
you're being kind enough to give me their email address.
This is from Mr. Miami member of BILIA.
I still didn't understand his question.
He wants the email address for this group that's interested in early Miami radio
that you allegedly talked about.
I don't remember.
I don't remember mentioning any group that's interested in early Miami radio.
Okay.
And second, delighted to advise that Nila's memorialized on the website of the new book,
the history of the Jewish community of greater Miami.
Oy, vey.
Just go to Seth Bramsonbooks.com and click on the image library link on the left side.
Then click on the yadda yadda yadda.
You'll link at the top.
It's a bring up the images.
Niels pictures number 277.
Click on the captions link, which will bring you to the captions that scroll down to 277 and enjoy.
Enjoy.
And to both of you and to quote the inimitable Keith Overman, great thanks, sir.
All the best and warmest good wishes Seth, who's the Mr. Miami memorabilia.
Right.
Thank you, Seth.
No idea what you're talking about.
No, I don't either.
I'm number 277 on the history of Jewish community of greater Miami.
La Chiam.
Happy of Toss.
Yeah.
Mazel Toss.
Right.
Cox Hoist.
So thanks, Seth, whatever that I'm not, I'm not clicking on anything.
Okay.
It's too much work.
I'll go to this and go to that and click on this and enjoy.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
When you enjoy it and then what do you why are you holding back that information that he's looking for?
Because I'm a bastard.
There are no emails on the of you there.
Nothing.
I mean, there are bunches.
There's like two, four, six, eight, ten, ten really crappy polls.
And Sean from Hollywood has not responded yet.
I know he's, well, maybe he's a Gulfstream.
Did they run on Monday?
You tell me.
I have no idea.
Or maybe he's just too embarrassed that he put a bunch of like Avril Lavigne, single chicks
on there who don't, who are to band.
That's like asking which planet is your favorite other than the earth?
What's your favorite planet?
And then putting on the poll Saturday.
I mean, I just, I don't know.
Is it just me?
No.
I just can't get inside these people's heads.
I just don't understand what they're thinking about where they're coming from.
And I sure sell them when I get inside Charlie B's head.
That is one strange dude.
Let me tell you, strange, really strange.
Remember that song people are strange?
Sure.
Maybe there's a bit for a chicken.
A group of these are strange.
You know.
Groupies are strange.
Have you ever met like one of the real groupies that turned out to be like a, you know, kind of like an ordinary person?
Yeah.
Well, you have?
See, that's just it.
If they are an ordinary person, are they really a groupie?
Or they just a fan?
Where's the line?
Oh, where's the line?
Think of...
I'm your friend.
Think of that.
Well, see, like, what excludes the other in my mind?
Right.
Yes.
Groupies are strange, all right.
They're weird.
They're bizarre.
As in...
Yeah, as in that, for example.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Sorry about that.
Any questions?
I was listening to stuff in Q to make sure it had the Joyce approval.
That's all right.
That's all right.
From that bit.
I'm sitting in the corner.
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of a session.
Buying from this countless stores.
And I don't know about yet through it.
Oh, no, I've spent too much.
I bounced by Chex this month.
There goes my credit rating.
I thought I had more in my savings.
I'll take you out to lunch.
You'll buy.
I'm dying out of here.
It's the softy kind of me.
It's the softy kind of me.
I'm saving nickels and quarters.
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession.
Buying from this counts.
It is so hard.
Wow.
Whoever put that in the DCS originally.
Who did you have put the stuff in here way back when?
So many people have been involved in doing that.
So many illiterate people?
Including Kenny Gramer.
Really?
Well, he was one of them.
Thank you.
And Joe Castello and just a lot of people.
Oh, well, that explains it.
1103 at 560 WQM.
I'm getting a scratchy throat.
I think I might be out sick the rest of the week.
I'm not sick at all.
But I'm just thinking about it.
I'm working it up.
Here's a stupid email.
Neil, did you go to the All-Star game?
The All-Star game, the NHL All-Star game,
was number one, played in Montreal.
Number two, I wouldn't even watch it much less.
Let's go to it.
It's not a game.
There's no checking.
There's no hitting.
There's no...
It's just 13 to 12 on a shootout.
The East Beats the West.
13 to 12.
So that's not like a score on a hockey game.
Even George knows not.
Nope.
It's a bunch of crap.
Oh, there's another one.
And there's another one.
And there's another one.
Oh, there's another one.
And they're interviewing people.
And while they're interviewing people,
goals are being scored.
I did see four seconds of that.
And then I moved on to the Erasing Network.
To watch Harness Racing from Windsor Raceway.
Okay, I'm getting so fed up with these people adding more.
And I've ignored most of them.
Good.
More and more names of bands.
Okay.
Oh, name a band.
Or name a bunch of bands.
So I changed the poll.
Good.
So it's closed and it did.
Okay, 554 votes.
What's your favorite band with chicks?
Fleetwood Mac 82, Dixie chick 70,
Hart 62, the Pretenders 39,
the B-52s 36, the Go-Goes 29,
Jefferson Airplane 25, Blondie 22,
the Supremes 21, Abba 20.
What about the Marvelettes?
Oh, let's put it back on here and put the Marvelettes on.
Pat Benatar 17,
Mama's in the Papa 17,
Eurythmics 15.
What about the Eurythmics?
Oh, there they are.
The Eurythmics 15.
Joan Jettin, the Black Hearts 14,
Big Brother in the Holding Company 12.
I continue to turn her 10.
Carpeters 10.
First of all, I continue to turn her review.
I mean, that is so bogus.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Carpeters 10 that bangles eight,
fifth to mention eight,
the Plasmatic 7,
Overlevene 7, not a group,
No doubt six, Peter Paul and Mary Six,
Katie Lang, not a group four,
Scandal 3, Garbage 2,
Black Eyed P's 1, the Motels 1,
None for a Hole,
and None for Berlin.
How about Ed Berliner?
I wonder if Ed Berliner has ever been in Berlin.
I sure hope not.
Start WW2 all over again.
Boy, he is just...
Now, where is he on?
See, I ask these questions,
and we don't have a tummy there anymore to answer.
Well, maybe some other tummy...
This is another dimension that they screwed up the show with.
Okay, by taking him off of there,
he was like the sports outlet, right?
He had like some relationship to what's going on in sports,
which if I have a question about stuff like that,
you sure is not going to answer it?
Nope.
Not me.
Well, nice going there, Clarence, you jerk.
Oh, we need him for overnight.
It's a Niyadi, Adi, Adi, Adi, and booboo booboo booboo.
We need him for the early edition of the Jesse
when everybody is asleep.
Although I will say this to you,
I still have no information.
None.
About who's doing the bedtime stories in the future.
I guess Cortis is still doing them.
I guess so.
What?
I guess so.
Yeah, because they're getting up there most days.
But I have no information about whether tummy is just too lazy
of a lumpy, doesn't need the money or whatever.
See, I could understand if I was asking him to do me as a favor
and do it for free.
And he might say, oh, I don't want.
I'm working overnight.
I got these horrible hours, you know, like that.
But for somebody that was always the whole time he was on the show,
I'm working for pennies.
I'm not making any money.
And there's an extra few grand a year.
You'd think that this guy would jump at the chance, right?
I assume.
Well, fat people don't jump at anything except food.
Oh, boy.
Here's one that says, there's more to life than weather.
Keep trying to convince yourself, old man,
had the weather there been 75, don't you think?
At least a few hours a year day this weekend would have been spent differently.
Personally, I spent all day this weekend on the beach,
under the blue skies, breathing in the fresh breeze,
enjoying watching the beautiful goddesses
that inhabit Miami Beach, frolic.
Well, first of all, I'm not interested in watching goddesses frolic
anywhere.
Number one, it should be obvious.
An old flag like me.
And number two, I'm happy here.
So you can keep trying to convince yourself that I'd be a lot happier
being there.
But I wouldn't because I'd be with people like you,
who take the time, go out of their way,
to send me crap like this.
Weather isn't everything, okay?
You dress for the weather.
Isn't that the way it works?
Yep.
Whatever the weather is you dress for.
It just asks the Eskimoze, they'll tell you.
And like most things, if you've got the bucks that ain't no big deal,
for a nice warm coat.
That's right.
Things like that.
And it poured some heat.
I want a few bucks that would find this weekend.
I did just fine.
I have no complaints about my weekend.
Other than it went way too fast.
I have no complaints.
Good.
Other than...
well, I'm not going to go into it.
It has to do with Paco and his Mexican family.
Why is it that families just drive their kids crazy?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Why they never shut up.
It's the thing they do.
I'm delighted.
I'm really pleased that the whole family thing with me was like,
not all insignificant in my life.
That makes me sound like a hard, hard-hearted old bastard,
which I am, but just the way it is.
You can choose your friends.
You can pick your nose and pick your friends.
You can't pick your family.
You can't pick your parents.
John, a four-letteredale says,
Ed Berliner does fill-in-a-weekend stuff at the ticket.
Oh, good.
What a perfect match that is.
Oh, look at this.
John DS is a refreshed website.
Pull of countries most likely to use the bomb is still on there.
What gives?
Yeah, that's the new pull.
What does that supposed to mean?
Do you understand the question?
Nope.
He refreshed it, and this pull is still on there.
That's the new one.
Which nuclear power or wannabe are you afraid is the most likely
to set off the next big one when a Boba Grande, Pakistan 9,
USA, North Korea 7, Iran 5, Israel 4, China 3,
Russia 2, India 2, UK 1, and France none.
Out of the first 41.
He refreshed the pull.
That one is still on there.
I guess every time he refreshes the pull he expects a different pull.
Oh my God.
Here's a long email about something.
You ready?
I'm locked in.
Well, I'm printing it out right now.
All right.
I sure wish there was a place I could store those pulls.
I know we've been through this a million times.
Yeah, there is.
It's called right where they're at.
Oh, I don't want them there.
You can make a saved folder and drag them into the saved folder.
Or you can call it a pull.
A pull folder and drag them in there.
A pull, pull.
Here, let me explain your options.
Everything.
Everything you want to do is available to you.
Yeah.
Are you trying to say I'm computer illiterate?
I don't know.
I'm saying that you're a hard ass that I don't know.
I'm really a mental illness with leaving things on your computer.
In fact, my ass is so hard I might do a choice right here in the tree.
Well, let's do it.
Yeah, you inspired me this morning.
Wow.
George had to turn around and go back home this morning.
Slid into home.
No pun intended.
Luckily for him, the.
Yes, toilet seat did not slide off the bowl like happening to me in that restaurant.
That's a true story.
I know.
Well, who would make that?
I was just dying.
I was right on the verge of bursting and I sit down.
This guy finally comes out of there.
What that was that restaurant?
Some Italian restaurant in Lauderdale.
And the guy finally comes out of there and I go rushing in.
I slam that door shut.
I lock it.
I pull my pants down.
I sit down and it's toilet seat slides right onto the floor.
Luckily, I hadn't the.
The release sign hadn't been given yet.
Harry says good morning, Neil and George.
Did you see the article about the Gary Indiana mayor had the city?
With something a million dollar deficit by him a 2009 Hummer?
No, we hadn't seen it.
Why do we care about that?
I don't.
Mayor Rudy Clay bought a Hummer with government funds while the city is experiencing a 36 million dollar deficit.
And it goes on and on and on.
He said, what do you want me to do?
Walk around here.
I've got to have a car.
So he bought a 2009 Hummer three for a 30 grand.
He probably noted he got a $5,000 discount.
Well, good for him.
He could have bought a $50,000 expedition.
He said they spend only 30 grand by the Hummer.
Why does anybody care about this?
Harry, this is so freaking boring.
Yeah, I did.
I'm getting shocked.
I know I can hear.
And then I'm only like skimming the edges of this.
This goes on for about 50,000 words.
Oh, Harry, give me a light.
I have no light.
No, no.
Neil Rogers.
Good.
George Rodriguez.
No good.
Just you know why.
Hi, this is Gary Busy.
That was me playing Buddy Holly.
25 years ago and only hit movie I ever had.
But now I'm serving time again for beating my wife.
That's what's going to happen to you if you go beating on your wife.
And I know sometimes they could use good weapons now and then keep them in their place.
But it ain't a good idea because we'll be in gay.
And all that bad.
I've learned to accept my homesticks, your algorithms, deals, manless, and the other sportsman.
So at this Valentine's Day, don't go beating on your woman gay.
That good?
Hey, where's my lawyer?
Think thou shalt a few years off?
1117 is 560 WQM.
And here's a real piece of crap.
See, they have no material.
So the new deal is like, you know, attack the host.
Now, that's the old deal.
Right?
That's all they got.
Attack you, attack me.
Attack both of us.
Attack the show.
Attack everybody.
And basically because I have no life.
Unmissable.
Right.
Garbody book says, how ironic.
Neil leaved Florida because he hates Cubans and ends up living with Mexicans in his house.
God certainly works in mysterious ways.
Yeah, I look Florida because I hate Cubans and I have Mexicans living in my house.
I knew it, not, not.
Everyone knows the Cubans are the top of the Spanish-speaking food chain.
And the Mexicans are the distant bottom, it says.
There's one person living in my apartment here and that's me.
Period.
Oh, no.
We don't believe in you.
You got 400 Mexicans living there.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Maybe you just keep fantasizing.
OK.
Keep creating this fantasy life because you don't have a real one.
I have no life.
Yeah.
and on and on it goes. Yeah, I leave South Florida. I didn't I didn't left. I
leave. Have you leave it just this morning? I believe it. I think we're done with
the emails and it's not even 11 30 yet. Really pathetic. Let me look let me
scour through here. Maybe there's some from like three weeks ago. I think
that's it. Here Steven Simpson who's got a fake lineup who thinks he's very
funny and isn't even slightly amusing. Happy end of the year to you. Oh, that's
how far back that goes. To you, George and fat Chris. So I guess you're never
gonna see him again, huh? I don't know. I saw him during that seminar thing that
you were a part of. Right. Via remote control. And I thought I was going to have a
little chat with him afterwards and a little what? Chat. Yeah, disappeared. I
have his present, you know, his birthday present, which was, you know, after
Christmas. I don't think you want to say anything to with us. You might be
right. I don't know. Maybe he finally figured out that associating with us in
any way would give him completely fired. They probably took almost this. We're
just starting with a demotion and a cut and pay and a cut in hours and I'm gonna
stick you on at a time that nobody wants to work. But if you keep
concerning with them, you're done. And he said, okay, he's a lump, a lump, a
big fat lump. Haven't heard from any of the marks today with any info on her
starting date on QA. I haven't heard another word from very Jackass or Tom
Jicke or anybody else who's supposed to be in the know about the IOD deal.
About when the chief channel is switching, well, they keep doing that all the
time. You know what I was thinking about this weekend because when I'm in the
car, when I'm driving a woodbinder, wherever I'm driving, which is usually
there, I have 680 news, CKFR, which is a really outstanding news station here,
24 hours, okay, live. And I was thinking to myself, in a market, the size of
South Florida, there is no all news station anymore. Right? Used to be INZ.
And then they flipped that over to IOD allegedly, but they were never really,
they did news in the morning and then they had rush and you know, the usual
right wing crap. And then of course, they eliminated the news block in the
morning. I don't know what they do with Jimmy. You know what I mean? Yep. If
they're news heavy oriented, I don't know because I wouldn't listen if you'd
paid me. I think you're on the way out anyway, Jimmy. You're done. Well,
here's one. The guy in Pinecrest was absolutely correct about the big Oh,
about the college basketball coach in the amateur sound bites. Where does
your station get off sending him all over the country to see who the seventh round
draft pick for the dolphins would be? And they won't even buy Georgia car.
That's because they hate George because he's on this show. Right. And because
the big is part of their sports fraternity. And just to get it right, they don't buy
us anything. It's a trade out deal. They won't even provide you with a car. I
wonder how much money they're spending to send the least people to the
Super Bowl, even though it's only up in Tampa. What? Lots. I mean, I just I don't
get it. Joe is off tomorrow because they're heading up to Tampa. How long does it
take you to go to Tampa? What four hours? If it drives low, yeah. Three and a half
and so instead of having Joe work tomorrow and then like take off for Tampa,
which the game isn't I mean, I just don't get it. It's days away. But that's okay.
I'm not getting there for you. He's off tomorrow so that the A can be on. And
when a guy is doing a point, oh, is that the kind of guy you want to put in
morning drive in drive time when people are supposed to be listening when
that's your bread and butter? A guy that gets shares in the numbers.
Mark and Kendall, though, says they should keep the A around. He's got a very
good baseball knowledge and insight with baseball season approaching it would make
a lot of sense. My only knock on him is when he has female guests cheerleaders
etc. He slavers over them and sounds like he's never been laid. You in Georgia
grades is Mark and Kendall. Thanks Mark. What? I said, thanks Mark. Maybe he never
has been laid. Is he an ugly guy? D. A. Yes. Oh, maybe that's why he's got a
point. Oh, it's not just in the ratings category. It looks like Bob a
buoy. He looks like a Bob a buoy. Whatever his name is Gary. Is that his name?
Howard Stern's producer. How do I know what Howard Stern's producer looks like?
He's got a TV show and he's been all over the place. He's got like a big
old horse face with horse teeth like a Gaki like no, no, no, even worse.
All right. You see a horse. Yeah. That's D. A. Oh, no.
Horsey push. Really, really nice guy. Yeah. So what about what's that got to do with
anything? I'm just saying. Does that mean he ought to be working six to ten
a morning? I've never been in a show. Oh, the things that these people do. It's
just and then last Friday we had that on the middle of the day when people are
awake awake. Oh, my phone's ringing. I'll be back.
Jiminy Christmas.
Gonna be some telemarker. Shut that thing off during the show, man. Talking about
other people taking calls from their bookies. See? Another one of those automated calls.
This is Victoria. You know, it just it never stops. It's on the crack
barriers on your computer. It's on your telephone. It just never stops. They
don't stop bugging you. Now that the economy is in the crapper. Now they're
really going to be a going after every dime they can get. Don't you just hate
that? Yep. Right in the middle of an important radio show or at least one that
used to be important. And I go running in the other room because who knows what
I might be. Might be Ed McMahon with my $10 million. Right. The lotto was 43
million here Saturday night. Three people won. Three people split it. I was not
one of them. I got ten bucks. Oh, look at this. Jerry says had a court appearance
on Friday just before parking my car, tuning in and time to hear the
out gold steam. Let it do Obama. I had tears in my eyes. I laughed so hard. Could
you read that dancing again? No, I couldn't read it again because even if I
wanted to, I don't have it anymore. Could I read it again? Oh God. God. Oh, please.
I'm going to lay on the floor of the rest of the show and just make guttural sounds.
Look at that. I don't know what was worse. Victoria with that phony spam phone call
or that email I just got. That's what they got. It was very funny. Could I read it
again? How about how we did 10 times a day every day? Okay. Oh my God. It just
it just makes me weak. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah, he's a funny guy. Al Goldstein. Yelp. I
could actually I could find it again because I go to his blog. That was his latest
blog entry. The blog with a blog. He wouldn't be the first blog with a blog but the
other one is no longer with us. Which reminds me I got to get that blood sugar down sometime
this year. Please. Well, I got we got almost five years to go on this deal. You know. Yeah,
could you would you? Could I would I want to get your blood sugar down? Stop being on ice
cream and pizza. Oh boy. Me and pizza. I think we might have to have a a divorce. Really?
I'm just eating too much of it. Just just pounds of it. It's all carbs. Yeah. So she eats
the toppings. I told you Larry Kent, big fat Larry can't used to go to Mary's pizza and
get a big a large pepperoni and extra cheese and he would eat all the toppings with a fork
and not touch the crust and how he's dead. Oh, for me. Yeah, that's right. Only the sad
news in that case. He's still alive. So I guess that whole business about not even
a crust. I mean, you know, keeps the carb count down and your blood sugar down. But just
too much of that cheese and papi runny man, right? Greasy, heavy. All that's made of sauce.
Give me a little burn. Oh, it's best of me up. I love it.
Oh, good.
Oh, anybody has a pinion. The scenting from our way. We'll place your name in food. I
see.
As in me of the state. Don't even bother to question. Just follow and don't say.
Everybody's turning back. Flashest you. In the act of patriotism. We're washing all of
us blue. Everyone's washes you. He's got his Ford nation under almighty force and
his force. The blueused Fatherland nation has sesu,
six in day.
You got to hit those
You and Clinton's Ibaros to believe everything we tell you
Under state-run news Blood war and war, cornflat
Fill up your escalade A rupee in Cheney, push, bend you
Back to US, say, oh, we don't mind to see our jobs grow
By the time of these good, we're fascinated by a chain of
Don't read no stupid books, all of our inflating
The facts of the arid giveaway, and everybody's earning vases
Like us, you assay
11.52.560 WQA, and Mike and Fort Myers sends an email
But I tell you, there's slim and grim today, there are few and far between
And what I'll tell you in the beginning, oh, here's that schedule I started because it says to
I've never got past that
Because clearance is an idiot. They go two to four, at least that's what it says on the paper
Mad Dog 4 to 7, it's often the night 7-8 when the wooden Kimba Boat camper
Hates us like poison, and the DA show 8 to 11 and speaking to him
Mike and Fort Myers says as someone who listened to DA when he was a board op here on the west coast
For the beastly stays in the 7-70 AM back in 2000
It was working on the Tom Abraham show, in fact, DA even went on to date and move away with Tom's
daughter to Kansas City
Put it this way, you can only imagine what DA and the daughter looked like
Given that Tom Abraham was 5'10", 340 pounds, but remember DA is a good guy
Right, it says, you think it's a little sarcastic? Right, sounds a little sarcastic
DA shows sucked here, sucked in Kansas City and yet Joe Bell hired him
Nice job, jolly joe, you fairy
You fairy
Says Mike and Fort Myers
So there's an ancestor, see I didn't know about that before
That he was over at beastly at 7-70 and Fort Myers before he went to Kansas City
And then jolly joe Bell slept him back down to Florida again
Did you know that? I did not
Now we don't see it, it's a fraternity, it's not a business, it's not a radio station, it's a fraternity
It's jolly joe and his merry band of goofballs
I mean, you know, you might have originally thought like I did that he went out of the market
And did like a nationwide search to find a talent who could do something
But he didn't
You just brought a former board up from the Fort Myers Beasley station
I'm out from Kansas City and brought him back to South Florida
To get a point, oh
So what's the point? He'll be on for a joe rose tomorrow morning 6-10
Be sure and listen in, okay
And then you can decide for yourself, is he great?
Is he okay? Does he belong on the year? What's the story with him?
I don't think I've ever heard him, now I had that's wrong, I've heard him fill in for joe
Yeah, every once in a while when I heard those last few minutes before you find a coming and oh
Do you have any idea how
Relieved I am when that audio goes out you've mentioned yeah, oh my god
And now like this morning George was late because he had to go back to the house
I'd always forgot try to warn you so that you won't have to be stuck in there listening when you know I'm gonna be late
Well, I come in here the same time anyway, well, I'm dressed and I'm ready and I've taken my peels
And I'm all said to go I'm all polished up and the sheenie and shiny
I come in here and sit down again and I start you don't think I just come in here and sit down and
Wait to mail it into you. I started doing a little bit of homework man, right?
Gotta put all those great emails. That's right. That's right. That's right. Well these great emails like there's one on there now
A quick note to somebody okay. I'll print it out. I don't like reading them off the thing
Okay
All those pulls on there though just freak me out. Maybe I'll just maybe I'll just get rid of them
But then I have to come up with original ones myself. We've been out of pools for a long long time
I have for months a year maybe years
Well, no, we were doing okay back you know when the uh primaries were going on in the presidential election all that stuff all the political crap
That's over with now Obama won in a landslide
And Bush is gone. Oh god now aren't we supposed to all feel a lot better than that the
Nazis are gone. I feel a little bit better
Although I get the feeling that maybe a bunch of Americans are gonna invade my house like those Israeli soldiers that invade are invading those homes and on the west bank
Oh, 60 minutes last night, but I don't want to get into it because they don't get a whole bunch of oh you ain't twice the minute Jew
But by yourself hating you okay
Matthew says Neil quick note. Maybe you should help Joe Bell build the wall of football instead of constantly ripping him and ripping the wall down
You are surrounded by outstanding talent big old great syphilis has the voice of an angel. Guess what?
He's not on the station Joe Rose conducts
pressing and re riveting interviews
pressing
Kimbo is a true word smith mad dog has niffed the jocke of some of the greats all
The something are there. Please help mr. Bell build a wall of football. You silly old queen
All the ingredients are there. I guess all the something
All the top jocs niffers are here lighting Jimmy syphilis has the voice of an angel in other words you fair
Yeah, that's what he's trying to say about Jimmy. He's not on the station. Okay only for the games
And I still don't understand that and he won't be on that station for long either once they up slide scare America down to 610
He'll be long gone
And I'm over that beat bizarre, huh?
Hmm
And here's a picture of w clean up the aisle five yada yada and this is supposed to be funny long from Larry Larry
Save the time
Just post the email me stuff that I can use on the air that'll be of interest or provocative or something for the audience informative
Educational hysterical something
And when they send me a bunch of pictures and a bunch of a crap like that
What am I supposed to do with the beside wife my ass with it? Oh, God
Talk about out of material. Oh, here's a link to some interesting story. You know, yeah
It's not even noon yet, and we're already like
Maybe we'll take some calls today. What do you think?
Okay
Are you serious? I don't care. You don't care. I don't care
What kind of a comment is that you don't care? And prevalent that kind of a comment
I
Care
Do you you really think I'm gonna take some calls today? I don't know
You can surprise me. I don't even have the monitor on to take the calls neither
So then why would we do that just cuz because there's no emails
That's one reason
Disgraced past your faces more gay sex accusations. Oh my God
Disgraced evangelical leader Ted Hagrid's former church disclose Friday that the gay sex handle that causes downfall
Extends to a young male church volunteer who reported having a sexual relationship with Hagrid a revelation that comes in
Hagrid tries to repair his pubic image
How do you like that? Hey Teddy you fairy
Brady boy who succeeded Hagrid as a senior pastor of the 10,000-member new-life church in Colorado Springs told
The associate oppressed that the man came forward to church officials in late 2006
Shortly after a denver male prostitute claim. We've had a three-year cash for sex relationship with Hagrid
Boyd said an overwhelming pool of evidence pointed to an inappropriate consensual sexual relationship
That went on for a long period of time. It wasn't a one-time act
Boyd said the man was in his early 20s at the time. He said he was certain the man was of legal age when it began
Reach Friday night Hagrid declined to comment and said all interviews would have to be arranged through a publicist for HBO
Which is there in a documentary about him this month
Boyd said the church reached the legal settlement to pay the man for counseling and college tuition with one condition and being that none of the parties involved discussed the matter publicly
Boyd said a Colorado Springs TV station reached him Thursday to say the young man was planning to provide a detailed report of his relationship with Hagrid to the station
Boyd said the church preferred to keep the matter private with his demands decision to go public
The disclosure comes as Hagrid 52 is about to give a series of high profile interviews to promote the cable documentary about his time and exile
He scheduled a peer on CNN's Larry King live Thursday the date of the documentary is premier and has already taped the Oprah show. Oh god
Lying hypocritical phonies and making money from it
That's the worst part of the whole deal making book deals all over the place like stink on Joe
In early 2007 new life church disclosed an investigation on covered new evidence that Hagrid engaged in sorted conversation
And improper relationships but didn't go into detail earlier a church a church board member had said there was no evidence Hagrid had
Sexual relationships with anyone but Mike Jones the former male prostitute Luna prostitute
Hagrid confessed to one to slow sexual immorality after Jones allegations and resigned as president of the National Association to be Evangelicals and from new life church where he faced being fired
Anticipating criticism of the settlement with the former church volunteer Boyd said Friday
It was the best interest of all involved. He wouldn't name the volunteer or the settlement amount. They paid him off
Shut up and go away. Okay. If it's good enough for the Catholic Church
You know, Roger
Yeah
Real American a halls
We salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution the quit smoking guy
The ball dropped and so did your willpower
Every year you swear you're gonna quit and every year you high tell it to the nearest smoke for less by
It's 30 below outside in the office smoking lounge
But you don't care because for the next five minutes you are the marble mass
With the money you'd save on cigarettes alone you could put down a down payment on a new condo
But nobody condos don't come in menthol
So we salute you mr. Broke your new years resolution the quit smoking guy your trembling fingers your yellow teeth and your camo cash
You are a real American a hole absolutely
47 a QA I'm 13-dolled-noon. We're mailing it in on a Monday boy this day feels like I don't know
I think you're really doing the show. It says George on the schedule. Maybe I am the clearance come in and apologize for a screw up
Here's one from chef Sparky who continues being bizarre
Neil on DA I think the time slot. He is in does not help his cause
I've listened to his show and my conclusion if it makes any sense is he like what he has a conclusive that's how he spells it
My conclusion if it makes any sense is he like Jason Jackson. I think are good broadcasters, but not necessarily talk show hosts
Come on extra. Yeah, he's a great broadcaster Jason jerks
He sucks
On the flip side George for example
I did not consider to be a good broadcaster
But can be interesting as a fill into your show make any sense no have a sensational day by the way. Are you on Facebook yet? No
Not yet. Not gonna be don't the hold your breath am I on Facebook yet
So anyway Paco and I watched the what turned out to be a very funny movie last night and it's only got 5.2 out of 10 on
IMDB
Yeah, I get I get suckered into watching these because when he's got the remote control all right
You've seen all these a million times on cable. Mm-hmm. Mr. Woodcock
Hadn't seen it
You've heard of it. Sure. It was highly
Promoted funny is hell really funny. Well, they're about throwing it out Sean William Scott and Susan Sarandon
And now I and now I realize why I always confuse Sigourney Weaver with Susan Sarandon because they look a lot alike they are similar
Susan Sarandon looks like a somewhat younger
Sigourney Weaver and both her name start with as this so yeah, there you go. Who's with the ass?
Like Mickey Dane would say who's with the ass. That's what he needs a good psychic show on you
That's what we need
God
So you haven't seen it no
Taken it back by his mother's wedding announcement a young man returns home in an effort to stop her from marrying his old high school gym teacher
A man who made high school a hell of her generation to students Billy Bob Thornton is really goodness
And there's like a lot of really a lot of belly mass, you know what I mean good
Mr. Woodcock I'll check it out you should if it comes on your cable take a puke at it. I will it's all over the place
I just uh is it really haven't gotten around to it right well why not uh been busy
Oh God
Remember Harry that sent me that boring email before about the mayor of some town that nobody ever heard of
He says me another long long long ponderous. I'm sure just his boring, but I'll print it out
It's the only one on there now
Along with all those eight million polls those horrible polls
From Charlie B and Sean who thinks that Avala Venus a group is a band
Never never got any
Clarification for me about his acting so stupid
I'll you say he was like an ordinary guy and that he won he won something a gulshroom on Friday in that first race
He bet the chalk
so
And one well big deal
What we do the horse I think went off three to two five bucks wow
Probably had like a two dollar bet probably a show. Let's go. Let's say he's a normal looking guy
You know how that goes
Harry says faulty ATM having a two for one sale
Good morning again. You'll enjoy it. Oh good morning again
See if I even read like a sentence of this he's gonna continue sending this crap. You're an idiot Harry
Just looking to kill the show with a lot of boring boring stories that he found online somewhere
And the weekly reader something like that ponderous ATM story
Go away, Harry. We got enough time yankles on there already. We don't need you
You pass good yuck
You're gonna get a
Good morning again
Like I mean hated the first one you're really gonna hate this one
Yeah, oh that's what we get
The whole don't you understand the whole purpose of the phone calls and the emails is to be as annoying as possible while they're
Excelling and you're getting a plus in that department a plus
How can we annoy the hosts?
How can we rip them and shred them and tear them and critique them and criticize them and tell them how to live their lives and what they're doing wrong
Not what they're doing right because they're not doing anything right right
Bad haven't heard from that one yet either day you're my bitch
Pretty slim Monday 144 votes on the pool which nuclear power want to be and by the way
This is another horrible pool. I mean this is tragic. Isn't it
Whatever Charlie B
The B-standing for bad is in bad pole Charlie. Yes, bad as they are
They're better than anything. I can think of me too
Which nuclear power want to be are you afraid will be most likely to set off the next big one
Pakistan 44 Iran 30 US 18 isviel 16 North Korea 15 China 9 Russia 5 India 5 UK 2 in France none
None
I
Guess these people aren't eating their freedom fries anymore. Are they remember that?
Yo, yeah freedom fries
Oh god
I think that goes hand in hand with the sports nerd mentality too that same that same super macho
Militaristic let's rule the world let's everybody else is a pansy and that's right
We got the big ones like that
I
Think I might have to take some calls here either that or maybe you can spend some of that great wax that your famous for sure there you go
Because they're not coming in
I mean we got the oh here's one from Brandon
Have you ever watched bad Santa great movie also what about mafia very funny never heard me the one
Did you mafia's like if it's what he's what I think he's talking about the old parody of mafia movies. Yeah, it wasn't bad
And what was the other one bad Santa
That I didn't watch because I don't as a rule watch holiday movies Christmas movies of any stripe
Trevor says over the weekend I saw a rock show performed by kids from the school of rock a music school
These are 12 to 16 year old kids who do two sets of all-ed Zeppelin songs which they did perfectly
Some of these kids were so good. They were like child prodigies
Of course, they did still would to heaven which reminded me of the lady that buys bread that's unleavened
I was singing the parody words to my daughter. She thought it was hilarious. Thanks for entertaining us this Trevor
And the bread is wonder
Right it's a little a little all the season for that
It's early for paysock, but it's never too early for that bit
She's another doxed you and she needs to buy bread that is unleavened
Oh
And she's buying red it's seven he let him
The bread is wonder
The bread is wonder
The bread is really wonder
The best
The best talent
You're missing the largest the more hardy name and this portion of the new Rogers of 12 to one hour is brought to you by the letter 12
What do you want quite six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
Lices of pizza or for me
I used to be a rich doctor till I met him
Because of Ernie made off my future is grim
And now again a poor did join a freaking gym I'd like to drop
Can Bernie space punch him all of the employees
What can in the eyes until he freaking cries like the best slap
Bernie's yet make him walk into a trap
Hey, Kim in the junk and shopping in my trunks
I was a rich doctor the American dream
Until the turkey put me in a Ponzi scheme
Where things are not on paper quiet as they might seem I'd like to drop
Kim Bernie space punch him all over their place
Well, Kim in the eyes until he freaking cries like the best slap
Bernie's yet make him walk into a trap
Hey, Kim in the junk and shopping in my trunks
I used to have a platinum card and drove a Lambert Eater
And I had a man serving in Gus
I used to date pretty girls who were sexy and teeny
Now it's two bliss girls and ride the bus
I was a rich doctor who got rid of your call
But now I got no money because Bernie made off
Took everything I have that their favorite me off
I'd like to drop Kim Bernie space punch him all over the place
What can in the eyes until he freaking cries like the best slap
Bernie's yet make him walk into a trap
Kim in the junk and shopping in my trunks
Oh
12.01 a.m. Here's a silly email from Carlos who says Uncle Neil
What did you think about the all-star game last night
Has there ever been a score that our landish knee and HL
Your thoughts Neil great-epping show gens give them hell
Did not already express my thoughts about that farce
Get rid of that crap already okay
It's just for the corporate dispensers and a bunch of a Blunoz a holes
And it's not a hockey game
It's like it would be like having the pro ball or the
Me having the pro ball with touch football no tackling
Touch football
Wouldn't that be great?
See all those big guys out there touching it
How about have them play Twister
Twisters that you
Here's one for you with says George do not listen to Neil Mr. Woodcock suck not even slightly funny
Not even slightly funny although Billy Bob is a great actor
What happened to your taste Neil you turning into a Toronto nerd
Yeah, that must be it. I'm turning into a Toronto nerd it was a funny movie
I mean am I one of those people that last gratuitously at stuff no I'll check it out
It's it's good it's funny
I mean it's stupid but then again all those kind of movies are stupid
I liked it now
I'll take it out
Whatever food you like just like that thing about taco smell
I get excited even just watching taco smell commercial on tv now. How you making me hungry stop? Yeah, I get a little bit
Aroused seeing that
Jason in western says both campers must have naked pictures of someone at QAM the man can barely string a sentence together
It QAM keeps putting him on the air that's because he's a next dolphin don't you understand Jason
He's a dumb jock. He's a big inarticulate dumb jock
Has he ever gotten any ratings? Oh, he's got a rating they start with a oh yeah
And don't forget that great Kenny and blow morning show that experiment of
Jolly Joe the Kenny and blow morning show
Does that even matter a QM getting any ratings? No, it does not love your show Neil take care of his Jason western
No, it doesn't only thing that matters is the smell
That's right the smell of jock straps. That's all accounts
You better get with it Jason. You better learn ratings ratings me nothing of these people right? That's why they don't have any
They keep putting the stuff on here that only they could possibly like you know what I mean
Solid like that
He'll be on a two today. Yeah, I'm not really sure when they're gonna change the schedule
I'm positive. I mean not that we've heard anything. Have you heard any scuttle butt? No
Just a lot of butt. Yeah, that's right. I'm just assuming
based on
Things that are happening around you know
And first of them were was DA was gonna do early morning and then they put Jesse on there
Which is too bad they bury Jesse five to six in the morning because he's actually good on the year
And you know what he's talking about and he sounds like a real vodka, but that's why they put him on you know
He's not part of the fraternity I guess
He's not one of Joe's stepchildren
What have you heard about Guy
Lebert Hay the guy who started Cirque du Soleil
No, no haven't heard about him and don't care
George Ramantri, I'm not a frog. He usually sends this pretty good stuff. Not interested. Okay. Sorry
Wow
Puber says to all the screaming a holes who like this, but don't like that. I say go F yourself
I feel better now have a happy day stuck in Schmidt whole South Florida. I'm dying here everybody trying to escape
This place
Says Poo Borg you got a few Fs in that's good
I think today what it is it's a contest
Of the emailers to see who can send the most ponderous boring
crap okay that can cause people to instantly die for the dial and tune it out even I want to tune it out
That would explain a lot some guy in Montreal from Cirque du Soleil did this
Who cares
God, I think you've been hanging around them frogs too long George
Good golly
Here's one from Gary who says speaking of pace off your favorite band Chicago will be doing a special pre-pace off show at the hard rock April 7
I wonder Terry Kath is gonna make her come back do you think
Who the one hundred is bringing I know what do you mean who
You talk about him all the time we do you do
That was up hundred points just just under a hundred points
I think maybe Maria's got a point
So buying opportunity probably to take a good look and see how the loony is doing
Was down just over 80 cent
Let's get it down to about 10 cent then I could live high off the hog
Toronto stock is changes up 107 any interest in that no no
Not by me either oil 4820
The thing I don't get is when the price of oil drops like two three dollars and the price of gas goes up
Two three cents a liter Canadian oh eighty one ninety seven. That's not good. I was eight two cents the loony
That's bad get that baby down man get that sucker down
It's enough to drive me
Looney right
Remember Cecil looney and Susan looney no of harness racing fame you better you better start the studying that crap harness racing
Yeah
Later once I get the the thoroughbred stuff down
Here's a press release about crap
That nobody could care less about the center for constitutional rights the stuff that's coming in here today
I wouldn't wish on Hitler that's how bad it is
I mean just garbage
Not to mention Charlie being all those polls
What happened him didn't actually know that I think about it did he ever really send us any good ones?
I mean like a long time ago long time ago. Well, you know a lot of averages
In other words if he sends enough sooner or later one of them might be worthwhile
Right because this one here today. I mean this one just blows and it weren't not for the fact that all these people kept sending all these
Girl groups in and stuff I
Would have left the other one up there. I wouldn't have changed us to later on so we didn't have to be so embarrassed by it
But now it's all we got
Got 174 votes on it our goal is 300 today. That would be really spectacular
I'm I kind of miss a fat Chris come on people come on people, you know
Doing that stupid stuff
You know
Speaking of stupid stuff we got you and basketball at North Carolina State tomorrow night. I bet you clearance is gonna be on that
Is he there today? How much he's not even there. I think he is but I'm not I mean
I don't remember if you find a minute trip to North Carolina. That's what you always say
Maybe now what's it this time? What is what is the biggest ration there the woods and the mountains things you don't like
Wilderness far far away from people really far
I
Thought I was the anti-social one. Are you I never know
There are the people that I like you know, I'll take them with me
Yeah other than that there's nobody for miles around. It's quiet
You hear the birds singing the wind whispering through the trees. Mm-hmm smells good. There's no pollution no exhaust
Hmm no noise. No people know a holes right
There's no a holes in North Carolina. No, no, no in the woods where there are no people you see there are no a holes
They have cities in North Carolina. I don't go there. I go into the woods
And and it's pristine. It's wonderful
Christine I wish
Christine makes me think about John Stockwell again, but then again that doesn't take too much
Oh there he goes with that fag stuff again. Will you stop being such a fagged deal?
Yeah, if you don't take phone calls how can we register our complaints? I can't get that one out of my mind that that was that was really special
The one who said you know he calls he used to call several times a day
And please take calls again please take calls so I can call several times a day
And if you don't take those calls how can we register our complaints
Baa
The sound is south Florida folks
You're just too negative to him man. Yeah
Here's the set
Hi Neil just wanted to thank you in George for letting me know about Gulf Stream on Saturday and the dollar drafts
I try to make it down there at least a couple times here had a great time on Saturday
I know there's a recession depression going on right now, but there was no recession at Gulf Stream on Saturday
It was packed as it was last year at the Florida Derby the dollar transmitted an affordable day and the girls
serving the beer and knew my sister-in-law and me very well by the end of the day
Anyway, thanks again. I hope you enjoyed to have a great week. Let's see. Thank you sweetheart
Now isn't she the one that brought you that ticket or with no that was a much for surely surely
So the ladies are still friendly. How am I doing with the ladies by the way? Very well apparently
That's what Joe wants to know. How's Neil doing with the ladies?
I mean you talk about just and and does anybody we to care about how Drew Rose now is doing with the ladies?
No, no, we don't ever want to hear him again. We don't want to hear his name again
We don't want to hear his life spot again. We don't want to hear the only thing we want to hear is his obituary
You
Want me rusting and went right up to my knees
Thought I was in the sky of the
Now I'm in a supravee
Oh
The
A bag of blue diamond
Is floating by my nose
Under me the Hudson I could see
A rocking corpse with both his feet
In a bucket of concrete
Oh
Just a lot of the way thanks to a profit student
That is a water rush
12 16 at 5 60 WQM happy Monday to you. They're coming to take us away. You hear it. I hear it
Boy never stops
George from Montreal, no matter frog says I always respect your opinion and your editing skills
It's just another story about another rich miserable schmuck a whole getting sued not interested George. Sorry
Don't have to apologize. It's just very very boring and of no interest to almost anybody
Since nobody outside Montreal knows who the hell that is
Now here's one from somebody unsigned the email address Miami
Miami D barachav barachachav
Okay, something like that and it's a question
Is it true that you've been on the air for decades trashing Joe Stone crabs despite not having ever stepped foot into the place? Yes
Hmm and the reason being that I've talked to many many people and we're back in the day when we had people call
You know who actually had something to say?
Mm-hmm because I'm not into Stone Crab's period. So why the hell would I go there?
I'm not into crabs even if they're not stone
I just know it's just in crabs. Oh, I once had them
Yeah, oh nasty
But anyway, have you been in the Jones stone crabs three times and three times too many oh
I have never felt so insulted unappreciated or like a like a peasant in my life even though
I was very nicely dressed and had a pocket full of money outside of it and so on
Invader and truder apparently I didn't know the right word or
That's is you gotta
Whatever you gotta do it be one of the club it's like a club me myself and everyone else in the crowd
We were hurted around like cattle we were treated like cattle to sit there and wait for the most
Unimpressive fair that I've ever had in my life. You know what that reminds me of that reminds me of the forage
Okay, another another state of mind place the rest of us used to be but they're gone
I don't know if they still do but in those days
Butter was on the menu if you wanted some butter for your roll
Extra for right which I thought was the chinsiest thing I'd ever seen
Even the i-hawk doesn't charge you for butter
The forage where if you don't know the a major if you don't know anybody in there
They sit you in this back room, you know with this uh funky stuff on the walls and just just a really bit
It's like like saying what are you doing in here? You don't belong here? Mm-hmm
And I'll never forget the potatoes. Well whatever kind of potatoes they brought out
Potato fries or like they they were like nuke they were a microwavable loss
You know what I mean?
Was uh just incredibly bad a bad experience
But anyway jose I've just heard so many like your comment twice for dinner and once for lunch and it was the same every time
Even though in the people and the people who love stone crabs tell me over the years have said there's so many places to get better crabs
Yes, oh yes without a little plastic uh
A kutrum without a company like crap right
So yes, it is true. Okay, and I'll continue doing it as long as people like George and others continue telling me that it's a
Overrated crap
But if you know the right people in there if they recognize you when you walk in and you smear the mhd enough
They'll uh preach you like yeah, I've heard that story. It's uh
It's a rumor as far as I'm concerned that they have good food there
Really yeah
Oh here's Alice rantell any truth of the rumors that clear channel is flipping 940 i and z back to fox sports
If it's true what will become of her america have you heard of michael savage this avid nation?
Oh my god
He's the most brilliant right winger. I've ever heard a bit scary
He's a lunatic who does not belong on a year for two seconds
And MSNBC tried him out for like 10 seconds and they went in ready yanked him off the ear like Howard Veele the most brilliant right wing
River where he's sick sick
Alice
The fake Alice boy to the real Alice would be really upset
Know that people are using his name to write garbage like that michael savage my ass
Oh, did it hurt? Yeah, iod is going as they're taking scare America down to 610
That's the rumor and i and fox sports back on 940 they tried to the first time went over like a pregnant pole valder
It would lay a big fat smelly egg
And other going to do it again because it's the cheap channel left and away
And they can simulcast that the dan silio and a bunch of other crap dan patrick and the romey and all i
And then our land to win my amy and jacksonville all these markets
Open up a pot and put some syndicated crap on here. That's the cheap channel way
Michael savage if i heard him you know you whoever writes the fake Alice rantell stuff really needs mental help
So it might be manny
Okay
Personal friend manny from kendall my buddy yeah, he was a collar. He was manny from kendall you uh pulled me
I told you what he was a crazy person all of these things
And i was right and he's the one that's sending most of this fake crap
I'm sure that's the popular consensus
Is it i have no way of verifying that but a lot of people have said
A lot of people like whom that's uh they suspect people i ain't gonna mention on the air. That's okay
People that i know
Yes, people we used to work with maybe iod kind of people those kinds of people i see
Well, didn't we have an email one day saying that uh it was manny and i'm all the fake of this one and i went in the fake ad
I don't believe any of them
When do you mean i'll be very i could write an email saying that yeah, i'm manny and it's me
Well, maybe it is maybe i did wouldn't surprise me
peaked in licor
pita
Yeah, random pita how you doing? I'm all right darling. How you have that manifier?
I got that magnified why'd you get fired you hypocritical
Oh, it's too man
Why does manny crank call the station what is his problem?
It's called
Being an crazy person that's what it called and he probably got really upset when a footy got blown out at iod
Carney long time listers out the story and thought of you love the show
It's got a story with a link oh no, but it's got the story oh, it's long
Condoleezer gift the $360,000 in jewels from error bleaters
So that surprise uh anybody no
Yeah, and they got us some nice schmackas sell and jewels and and exactly that's that's my point
They're not sending anything of any interest today, but that's okay
Although the fake Alice rantell wanting to know of my favorite of michael savage a great right wing broadcaster
Oh my god michael savage a lunatic
Belongs in an asylum somewhere. He belongs locked up in a rubber room somewhere
Even the right wingers think he's just a little bit too much for most of them
A little over the top so to speak
But nevertheless in addition to which Alice uh Alice rantell being uh gay the queen that she is
Why was she go along with his homophobia his is just hysterical homophobia
friam hang them
But nevertheless
Maybe someday we'll get a real email from like a real person you think
Maybe
Long that cup. We've had a couple right. I forget who they were from
And I think that was it oh Adam is back Adam Oshmack from McKitsner waterloo go away Adam
You're ugly
And even if you weren't ugly go away anyhow you're boring
God
206 votes on the pool which nuclear power or want to be are you afraid will be most likely to fire off the next big one
Pakistan 60 in Iran 42 israel 31
North Korea 27 us 18 China 14 Russia's six in j5 UK two and finally France got a vote
Finally somebody decides that the French are far bison and believe me they are
There
There was a group of French people probably French Canadians in the elevator last night
I went down I went down to go out and I'll get the sum that the little convenience store
Mm-hmm
Two couples I would say 35 to 45-ish
And I kind of the elevator and they were already on here
And the one guy looked at me like
The with the most quizzical bizarre look and I didn't say anything
But I wanted to say what are you looking at man? What is your problem you frog you oh god
Luckily for you well, that's right you live in Hollywood. So probably when you go to the beach
Oh everywhere what do you mean when I go to the when I go to the front yard door when you go anywhere you're
Cags and all that yeah
Driving five miles and hour everywhere like it's the first time they've been here mm-hmm
I
See a great connection there between the ambiance of South Florida the
And the French Canadian mentality
Better you than us that was up 110 points
Fellow citizens for eight years it has been my honor to serve as your president what
What's life gonna be like what are you gonna do now?
I am confident I'll be driven to do something. I just can't tell you what it is yet
These January health is on the way reports are there inside the bank
Only man for the job
George W Bush mall cop I know the human being and fish can coag just peacefully
He's always been dedicated fool me once shame on shame on you
If food we can't get fooled again to protect it too many old bg. I am's are unable to practice sir
They're loved with women the last thing they expect
I hear there's rumors on the
Internet who is this guy?
I'm George W Bush
And I think the world would be better off if we did leave this if we didn't if we if we left the world
We worked the world is better off with us not leave here in idiot
I'm George W Bush
mall cop
Come from overseas showing no in a theater to you
232 a Q.A.M. I don't kill it anybody says mr. Woodcock was a funny movie
I'm not getting any other emails about that so evidently nobody saw it and you know what else I didn't get a single email about
I give up Joe Stonecraft oh well
Is it true you've been on air for years and years traction? Yes
Because if there's one thing I can't stand its places that are state of mind like the rascal house
I mean talk about service talk about tweeting you like a barbarian right after our first experience there
And when I told somebody they said oh well you got to grease the major D right right?
You show up a schmere right when you show up and and so I did that the second time
He was more than happy to take my money and then not you know heard me with the rest of the cattle
And waiting for an hour and a half to be seated
Still treated like crap yes, yes, I'd go maybe there's a code word or something that I didn't know
But I don't have any emails about that but nevertheless
I do have another one from the fake Alice rantell
I didn't say I like Michael Savage. He scares me. I just meant he was a brilliant broadcaster
I hate just about everything he says but I still can't stop listening. Oh, how sad
How very very tragic the fake Larry King is on who's obviously also the same person
I'm not sure that Michael Savage isn't Phil Henry doing a fake voice
Savage sounds just like Brad the burger bell money
Maybe all these fake people are Phil Henry
Okay, thank up is Ali but no I don't
Up is Ali you know pretending to be someone that he isn't right
But I don't are you sure I don't think that those are Phil Henry
So your guest is Manny Munoz? No, not necessarily possibly he's a contender
He's a suspect but could be any of these people
What I suspect is that it's a bunch of people that you hung up on and wouldn't talk to ever again
Pretending to be people
Dr. Savage is not a Republican Apologist says George and Miami
He hated W unlike you who as long as the person to remember the Democrat party
They can get away with anything including murder
You should listen to a show before making stupid comments is Jorge and Miami
You could have just said it on the area and have to send me an email
Jorge
Come on. Oh, yeah
He's a twix sick a twix did bastard. He's I wouldn't even dignify him with a response Michael Savage
Finally got an email about Joe Stone grabs the first of hopefully will be many
224 votes on the pool. I apologize again for this poll Charlie be his auto material the whole world is auto material
Okay, let's see what the verdict is here from Hizus
Hey, if it's good enough for Jesus it's good enough for you George
Okay, Neil and George George is 100% correct
You know
Joe Stone crabs is totally state of mind bad service crappy food and very overpriced and oh, I don't mind dropping
I don't mind dropping and have dropped three and four hundred dollars on a meal for me and my lady the best
Don't crabs they ever had our in Tampa
And I can't read the word
Something with a horrible yahoo place, but the food is great
Also on Cuban food George is correct. Right and beans are a side dish. You could avoid them quite easily
Much Cuban food and remember that most of the idiots in South Florida know as Cuban food has a has as much to do with Cuban food as the
Olive could has to do with Italian food nothing
Much of Cuban food is similar to real Southern Italian food lots of garlic onions olive oil very Mediterranean
Thanks for great show. Thanks, Hizus. Thank you. He's out of spot. He says Joe Stone crabs is a state of mind
And I don't like places that exist because it's a mental it like like the forge
I mean, maybe if you want to see a shooting in there, it's a good place
Like that
And that's it that that's a medley of my emails on Joe Stone crabs
And then sad yep
I think I'm gonna have to take some calls
How do you think me I am yes, you don't see that be bad to take some calls it would be
And because if we don't take calls how else can they register their complaints? That's right. They're in critiques and life instructions
Right and the other ones yeah and share their love
Sure the love yes, oh we got another shot at love
Another shot at love there are so many of those shows on now all all these reality shows they're all the same
It's either a shot at love with somebody that hates you like poison or it's being a contestant
It's basically being eliminated you're off the show you're out now. Yeah, and then that's what it's all about game shows
They just go on and they're like game shows that go on instead of
Resolving it one episode it takes an entire season to pick a winner
Q.A.M. Hello
Okay, let's hear it
Many years ago mad dog was talking I made you know five years ago mad dog was talking about
How to properly deal with Joe's and everything else and there was a maker either named Dennis very nice man who
Just passed away with an last couple years due to camp he was there forever
And I asked mad dog is I am going with my wife
You know, I went to your schmere to make his easy make your deal so to speak and he said on embarrassed yourself
Take care of him as you're leaving
And I'm like you're sure I mean how would he know that I'm right
You know, by the way is I want to get my butt in there and be seated quickly. Yeah, what good is it to do to me to take care of him when I'm leaving
Um, but that's what I did now. I happen to have somebody who you know kind of put the bug in his ear and said
You know this guy's gonna come for a table try to take care of me. I'm gonna see that really which he did
And then on my way out I gave him a you know, I had a party of six I gave him like 40 bucks
Hey, I'm broad
How do they know you know I just don't understand the um you know the reasoning behind that they suppose I don't need
I never heard of something. It sounds like
He was quite adamant about it. He was quite he said don't you know, he made it point down embarrassed yourself
Make sure you take care of him on your way out and I'm like well
So maybe that'll help me next time
But um as far as the food the food is good. It's not like it's not to die for my wife when I was sitting there
You know with the rest of the people saying you know what's amazing we're in here
You got all these people waiting in the bar
Three deep at the bar and you've got about 40% of your tables in here that are actually full
And all the other tables are sitting there empty and they just they're just trying to squeeze the money out of the bar
Obviously and keep your her
But outside of the stone crabs they have great like grilled lobster tails and believer enough
They've got an outstanding fried chicken. Oh the Joe's I'm going to stone crabs
But you're best bet because go there in the middle of the afternoon and go to Joe's takeaway
Which is right next door grab yourself some takeout sit at the counter right looking out the window
And up you on a nice day and you get the same food you're not playing a tip you're not smaring the guy
And you can get out of there for like you know 30 or 40 bucks and have a great stone crab lunch and it's the same food the same
Everything that you're getting inside. Okay, when it doubts smear on the way out. Okay. Thanks, Kelly
I never heard anything so dumb in my life smear somebody on the way out
No, no, what would be the point of that you've been to Burton jacks
I don't know how many times I've been there's several when they were open
I remember that not that they're the only example, but certainly a
A place that requires you to wear a jacket
What can say is about as she she as it gets yeah, I've been there several times before they close
Every time they treat you like royalty
Right, and you don't have to smear the major D. They treated me like royalty
Having to smear the major D to get it to see the restaurant
I'm sorry. That's way too plastic for me and by the way the first time I had no idea about their jacket policy
The major D you know takes you aside very nicely and lets you choose one of their off-the-rack public jackets that fits you in a very nice way
You know doesn't make a big scene like hey, you're a deadbeat get out of here without your jacket
Very nice people there
As opposed to other places I've been
Well, you just aren't up to snuff mister there's no question
I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now STD lady strip joys
Approved by joys for sounds
Rechecked by joys online gambling scams
Approved by joys words containing the word bag
Rejected by joys
erectile dysfunction spots
resoundingly approved by joys
tuba sounds resembling fart sounds
rejected by joys
blatant sports related baggery and sports show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores
Happily approved by joys fart sounds
Rejected by joys 16 to 1 a.k.w.a.m
Jimmy Joorsky is back who has an email that has nothing to do nothing of interest to anybody
Great happy Monday to you and George in my opinion the very best place for crabs is Bob Chinz in Wheeling, Illinois a suburb of Chicago on my way
Get yourself a big plate of garlic baby blue crab claws and I guarantee you'll be in a hog heaven
There's stick medallions are also the very best I've ever had the wait line isn't much fun since it runs into the restaurant
You have to stand there watch people leave but once you sit down you'll have a meal. Don't ever forget
As far as joys goes I made the mistake of living in Florida for 17 years haven't been there once apparently not missing much
Also remember the rascal houses young boy when we came down here on vacation. I hated it
crap like that is part of our why we're announced my families forced Judaism and become an atheist
Speaking of which would you happen to be a fan of comedian Lewis
Lewis and that's the end of the email black. I'm sure
Lewis black
Just based on the the lead in there
Based on why the lead in no
Lewis black can be funny. He I have no idea who they did cameos on the daily show
But he has a very funny stand-up routine that you might like don't know who he is
Matt says how about the biggest loser couple of this might we want to look at fat ugly people who's watching this Schmidt
Rock of love is worse than another shot of love
VH1 is going down. I hope that they're probably doing big numbers
PSU probably have done the worst reality poll several times. Yes
Worst reality show they're all bad they all suck
Here's one about Joe's we got a couple of them Phil atman says Joe Stone crabs is overrated pretentious and way overpriced
Plenty of better places including the side of the road
In other words the road kill in
Overpriced pretentious and way overpriced
And of course there have been over the years a lot of people on this station
Rave about how they go there and they get
Shmeared and then shmeared this one and they get shmeared back. Oh
Plastic man when I go for a meal. I want a good meal right
I'm not interested in shmearing anybody or schmoozing or being recognized or anything like that
I just want a good meal and I'm willing to pay a good buck for a good meal. How do you like that? Right?
And that's all I want. I'm not looking for all this other all the trappings of celebrity
Here's one that says the only good thing about Joseph's the overpriced key lime pie
Do you remember the hickory pit barbecue on crawlway? Is it still there?
No, no, and never been there they had the best key lime pie ever it says and your show is the best. Yes, it is
sometimes
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. yes
All right
Oh, oh please
Come on, that place is good. That place blows my mother used to drag me there all the time is right across from sterling
carajilles. Yeah, you didn't like that sucks
Come on
It blows
Okay, see you the arc
Remember how I used to tell about how they would bring the soup whether you wanted it or not. Yes
It's like it's like a cattle call in there. It's not like a restaurant like a cattle call
And my mother used to schlep us over there. Oh my god. Oh, let's go to the arc. Let's oh, let's not oh, let's go to the arc
Oh my god, you want a bark when you eat at the arc that place just oh fat
Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes
Old taking suck
Yeah, I dare yet to take a day without
I dare you to get a brain woody
Get a brain woody
Yeah, Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, you
Boy see woody there you go perfect example the people that can't stop calling those are the same people that that you get 90 presented the email from
I'm sure of it
Chronix what is your these guys more on homo Jones and all these people
Yeah
Q.A.M. Hello
So this is a radio shows. Oh, your friend Mario
Crazy Mario. There we are in a rubber room somewhere with Renfield
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Good evening, Mr. Rogers
Yeah, yeah, I've ever joined again. That's why he's surprised
Who? I love him here
Q.A.M. Hello, hi, how you doing? Neil? Okay. I
Love your show and listen to you every day, but I would I please I'm trying to make a request that you fix that are in choir about why that one 800 number
It does not work sweetheart try and call it on you free time
It says the number is out of service or has been disconnected and then if you call it
Prior or after you give away tickets it'll ring and then it just goes
Baby baby baby to a business single does not work. I don't know who you're giving you tickets to but I love you by
Well there
How else can we register our complaints if you don't take calls
Trust me the number does work. I've called it. I called that that week that people were saying oh
It doesn't work for us in addition to which the people that wasn't working for where people we didn't want to win anyway
Remember that on the emails right
The you're my bitch guy
Don't know why the end was cut off. Here's my worthless email again. Take care Jimmy Dorsky. Uh
Oh my god
A fan of comedian Lewis Black anyway, that's it for me. Okay. Didn't really need to send the whole thing again
He sends me the whole thing again as opposed to just say the guy's name was Lewis Black
If you're up flipping around and you see the uh his stand-up routine. I don't want to see him give it a watch
Oh, we're starting to get some uh
Some commentary on Joe Stone crabs. They're a little slow
They're starting to flow in now
George and Miami says don't waste your time to money going to Joe's just take a drabd everglade city
That's where Joe's purchases the stone crabs
You can buy them directly from the fisherman for third the price some of them even have tables where you can eat them
If not bring a cooler. They'll give you the ice for free
Says Jorge and Miami
You
Matt says you think they'd have bigger things to worry about but they did a story
This morning about an embedded Britney Spears lyric and how the FCC needs to act to make sure radio is kid friendly from six a.m
To 10 p.m. Who's they?
They did a story. You know they you know what they say what what I don't know
I'm gonna use to say that all the oh well. You know what they say yep
I had prime one 12 is a hundred times more pretentious than Joe says somebody what prime one 12 well thanks for the tip
Dear sir, can you please tell me where I can download the lotion in the basket drop no I can't tell you because you can't
Oh god
If you could see some of this stuff the 15th Street fisheries has great stone crabs
Joe's in that crowd blows his mic. Oh, we just had 15 speak fisheries on last Thursday
Yes, and they sold out like about 20 seconds right because they're phenomenal
And they sure when you go in there you don't have to shmure anybody and the the view is always wonderful
You always get a good table day see if I open up a restaurant
I don't want to have a I make sure to you who feels that he he's entitled to having people shmure him to get a table
That hurdle is so plastic and so unacceptable. It's just
tragic
Lauren says when I first went to Joe's about 20 years ago you could wait for two hours or more for a table
If you grease the matrix of these palm of the 20 could wait only for about a half an hour then that price went up
The matrix he retired with a ton of money in the bank
I've gone there when invited by others, but I would never go there on my own initiative
You wait and wait in a room feeling like cattle
And then once you've seated the waiters do everything they can to hustle you through your meal and off the table down to Dorigan
That's right unless you're a big-time celebrity if you're only a small-time celebrity like George
I guess forget it right the best time to go is for lunch because there's usually no wait
But I can tell you this I've been the guest of the owner of Joe's where everything was made to perfection
And I can say this I'll never go back. It's not worth the wait or the money
It's like eating with constant stress
You can just get his good stone crabs as many local fish markets
As for hockey I had no idea the NHL star game was played yesterday until I saw the local fish wrapper sports page
And saw reference to it this morning wait to publicize the game NHL got it well there you go
Believe me it's not something any real hockey fan would want to see trust me or even make believe one even George wouldn't want to see it right
By the way something yes, I went there for lunch the place was practically empty and guess what
They still managed to make us wait. They still managed to treat us like crap. They still managed to uh, you know rush us through our dinner. I say hopman dreary up above them
It's what I say
So maybe I did the right thing by not going there all these years while I was ripping them on the air
Is it true you've been on you guys and I was doing it based on the fact that I was surrounded by people on the air who are always
Just just go and in fact Hank used to go ballistic over that place dude didn't he?
Yes, he was one of these smear people he'd walk in there. Oh mr. Goldberg, you know, and he'd give him a 20 or whatever
But then again in order to keep up that girth, you know
Got to eat a lot of meals and a lot of joints
The most overrated meal
Uh, J. M says I ever had was in a place called the Depot on South-Tix, you highway about a block from where the wholesome bakery
Which was then the bakery center and now the shops is sunset
I thought the Depot was pretty good, why not? I don't think I've ever been there
I was invited there with my best friend this far the way and a hundred and fifty dollar gifts certificate
We ended up paying 250 on something I can't read it
Something 25 on top of that was including the eight dollar water service fee unreal water service
Second worst experience we had was a christie's provided the catering for presentation
We did at the Grove Convention Center the high-class restaurant restored it resorted to re reusing the star foam trays after wiping them down
After picking them up after they've been used stay classy on the other hand. I recently had the best meal ever
Real authentic Italian cuisine. Yes, the best Kobe beef ever and worth 300 bucks for around three
The Bolanesi was tremendous and the desserts were decadent the places
The videos on South Beach if it tell you would be proud if you don't want to pay that much
The Bolanesi is 36 bucks the book the the boldness book it says BOLG NES s boldness
And you can finish it the best food in the services flawless
If you're gonna pay more than 50 bucks a plate
You can do better. We were able to get a table on a spot and no Joan crabs snobbyness snobbyness. It says
By the way Michael savages last name is weener that says it all
Oh
The Bolganist is only 36 bucks. I'll have some of the bulls in this please
I'm gonna play a bull gun
New from interrogation toys it's the board game that's making a huge splash
Waterboarding
It's waterboarding the CIA torture tactic is now available for you to play along with at home
It comes complete with table for straining straps blindfold saran wrap towel in five different levels of interrogation questions
Are you cheating on me?
You supply the water faucet will supply the fly
Yeah
You'll never be bored playing waterboarding catch your family and friends that tell the truth
torture your neighbor who never moses lawn or use it as some sort of weird sexual fetish
Waterboarding
What I don't know where q.a.m. Don't interrupt me again like that. Okay. I'm sorry about that
All right, now let's see
Bobby says I remember the two places to go up and broward were the my kai and patrick murphy you know is patrick
Patricia and it's chopped off
Both highly overrated my kai had great ambiance very mediocre food
Yeah, the good thing at the my kai was the drinks the Polynesian drinks see I'm I'm like
A junkie for Polynesian food, but I haven't had it in so many years. It's uh, yeah, yeah
In Buffalo and Cheek to Wagon, New York right outside of Buffalo. There was a great place called I think the chin teaky
Okay, there was that the one in Detroit and there was one on eighth street in Detroit
downtown
Maybe that was the chin teaky well, whatever the hell the names of it makes no difference. They're both long gone great Polynesian food. Oh, man
And those big Polynesian drinks
For um you fairies
Also, I'm a sick a. M radio junkie from years and years ago. It says Bobby what happened to sandy patented our life
Don't know and don't care Bobby either last your marie heard was he eloped with n vishy body. That's the last we heard about sandy
We decided from where they're in the overgiving it to sandy. Oh good good choice bill vines you idiot
Uh
Was really ironic that I ever wound up at iod
Yeah, because there were so many attempts to so many interviews and then Larry making up stories lies
And then eventually finally one day
You're good old buddy Mike Disney and what's his name old uh scissors head bill wise
Heard me away
Oh go away Jimmy Dorsky go away you just you're just too much on my nerves man
Since being another long ponderous
I don't I really don't know what's worse the colors of the emulators
They're the same people how can anybody have so much time to write long
ponderous crap that nobody in the universe even them could possibly
Have time to hit read all day long and when we used to put people in
Remember those days we used to put people in hello wait for an hour
There you go
All right, you know get psychic credit for that. Yes
No, you don't why not because every time you pick up a line the chances are 90% that it'll be him
But but it hasn't been in that's about the fourth fifths call I took nevertheless
q a m. Hello
q a m
complaint line
Nothing now too late q a m hello. Hey, how you doing okay?
Listen, I'm really sorry to bother you. I was just wondering I almost died laughing on friday and I don't want to miss it
Is there any chance you could play that Mickey bit again
Play what Mickey bit the Mickey bit where it gets changed to the Honduran prostitute
Yeah, there's a chance. Okay. Thank you. So yeah, I didn't say I played I said there's a chance
I don't even know what this dance on do you know, but it's a recent one I think oh
Yeah, I got it right here. Do I want to play it? Sure. Yeah, you want to know why long yeah
Disney CEO calls Mickey
That's the one am I correct yes
One of these days I'm going to put some more of this stuff in the adcs, but not anytime soon you want to know why
Why it's too much like work that's right. I lost interest in that months and months. I got a stack of stuff here piled in the ceiling
Anyway, here's one that says Gary from homestead the real Gary
Deer Neil George is absolutely correct here about Joe's I've enjoyed stone crab claws from several places
There isn't much to them the claws are boiled and served cold with mustard sauce
The best place for them is to your own home after buying some closet of fish market or harvesting them yourself
I won't go to Joe since it's located in the bark bag of Florida South Beach
Listening every day to your George the real Gary from homestead also in other words. That's the complaint
Not much of one it's located in the bark bag South for a South Beach
We didn't ask you whether you liked South Beach or not Gary, but then again, it's no homestead
Here's one from Jason
It says a couple of things you guys are right about Joe's. It's just an overpriced scene
As far as tipping the matrad host the correct way they want you to do it is tip on your way out
The forge is disgusting if you ever saw that place the daytime you would hurl all over yourself
I see well, I'm not going to read the next sentence another thing about Sigourney Weaver and Susan surrender
Big beautiful natural mature boobs
no
Who's got the fake ones? No neither one has fake ones, but Sigourney Weaver's god bless. I love her. They are not big
I see you're just fine, but they're not big
I came home the other day. I had a Nielsen ratings invite on my door. Have you ever judged on this? No
What does it pay is it depending on the asher? I do it. We don't know
It's got nothing to do with radio. It's a TV thing
You guys are doing a great job bring back fat Chris is Jason. Yeah, we'd like to but uh, I
Lo you know, I have one point I'd like to and then I realized he doesn't care about us about the website about the show about
You or me or a boy named Sue
That's that's my take that's my feeling
Right right. I mean the fact that you were at that meeting together at that
Inquisition
And he never even spoke to you? No, he like he way he came in late so we know did a little wavy thing
Uh, and then you know the meeting got adjourned everyone went their own way. I lingered afterwards to talk to
people
For about 10 minutes and when I got out of the meeting everyone was gone
including him
That I could see I mean he might have been hiding in the bathroom. Maybe no, I'm sorry
Kathy says oh my god Phil Henry how the mighty of fallen well, let me let me print that out
I'll get to a Kathy
There's a few of these trickling in
Not not a lot. It's a very lame Monday
Me says back in the day the Marlon Beach hotel is a great place to get the crabs
Yeah, but I'm sure and I'm sure would have been the first time me
The Marlon Beach Hotel
Hey me
You fairy
Bill says it's very simple chose blows
Okay
How do we get started on that thing about Joe? Oh, that's right the email
But it's the true that you've been on is
Yes, it is and evidently I have a lot of company and that's how I formulated my opinion
See I'm not gonna like show up there someday um because when people tell me a place really blows and 98% of the input
I get is that it really blows and I don't like stone crabs in the first place all that much. Why would I go there?
Oh, but you gotta be if you're gonna be a big shot, you know
You're gonna be a big celebrity
He's big really big that was funny
Kathy says probably not telling you something you don't already know Phil Henry how the mighty of fallen
Been going through some of my misogynias. So I've been listening to the last week
They play a show on 9.40 a.m. In the wee small hours of the morning even though he's practically a neo-con
And it's supposed to be a progressive it runs tender. Uh 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. in LA
But here it plays from 2 a.m. Then they cut the last hour to play the 9 o'clock hour
The iMasher from the day before at 5 a.m. Which they can't play because 9.40 years Stephanie Miller at 9 a.m
He's not even listed on the 9.40 website and Henry's website says he's still on w.w.i.o.d
Unless he's way ahead of the rumors a switch
He does use his voices once in a while
He talks himself as his demoted producer off mic and the old Korean vet as a phone call complaining about Obama
And then the real calls are all complaints about Obama even one complaining about everyone calling his election historic because of his skin color
Instead of doing funny bits like he used to he does interviews there seems to be a regular thing promoting
Legalizing pod one night he interviewed the owner of oakster dam in you in California
With every commercial break he reminds the audience. This is the world famous film Henry show
And I could only think that that time is long gone this is Kathy
So we still do in the right wind crab, huh?
Our reckoning
Oh
How sad and tragic that is are you sure positive
277 on the pull we're gonna make 300 fat Chris would be proud
I'm ready to spun them that it turns out that he you know hates us like poison hum
You know, maybe we're missing something. I would hate to condemn the man
Without you know hearing from him
Let's see. Oh, this is a pull. What would your critique be if Neil allowed it on the year
The repeating stream archive commercials George not enough calls
Neils mailing it in. Neils not in Miami too much food talk too much slots talk. Oh, yeah, we talk a lot about slots
Yeah too many fake e-mailers eating on your no complaints
That's not a bad pull you know
Sure, what I get it's fine. I'm not saying it's great
Grated on the curve. It's true, but he better than Charlie being you really want to sniff Niels armpits or whatever
I mean the stuff he puts on there. Well, let me give you an example. No seriously. I got here's one if Neil and I grew up and went to school together
He'd probably with my ass be the class clown be the class party pants wouldn't socialize with me
Let me cheat on his test cheat off my test be the classable and it goes on and on and on oh
Yeah
This is a sick sick twisted obsession Charlie get some help
Don't you agree? Yes
Get some help get the program man
Western Lakeland says tell George I went to one of those jackets only restaurants and they gave me a jacket to wear and I'll have four jackets
They fit great press price was right considering the cost to find out. Oh, yeah
See that's why I'm gonna get on nice going last things don't occur to me, you know
Yeah, well, that's because you're an upstanding honest guy. I just don't think that way. Oh, the now's only up 65 points now
It looked like it was gonna make like a little bit of a move there for a while. I felt like I was gonna make a bit of a move but
Kind of subsided, you know
Good isn't that great when the pressure is off, you know, maybe it's not good
No, maybe that's an omen. Maybe the pressure is gonna come back. Maybe you'll never gonna have that opportunity again
You know, oh, I'll have it again. Oh, yeah. Oh my god. Your breasts are beautiful
It's a happy day at Mickey Mouse's office. Goofy speaking happy holidays goofy. I am the you too, sir
It's Robert Eiger president and CEO of the Walt Disney company. I recognize your voice. Please. Oh
Paul happy holidays mr. Mouse
Sir, but what I'm doing here, you know, everything doesn't stop because lights go on the tree
Well, I just want to thank you for the beautiful Christmas gift
I mean this Rolex is amazing. Oh, it's beautiful. Yeah, that's how I will thank you so much, sir
It's just it's way too much. All right. Well, what what else? No, it's odd. Just want all right. Let me get back to work here. Oh
Did you get my gift?
Sir, yeah, I'm gonna bring it up
Can we just not bring it up? So I don't understand
I don't want to talk about it. I thank you and let's leave it at that. I like wait
You did get the gift, all right? I'm not happy. You're not happy, sir. I'm not happy. Why aren't you happy, sir? My got a caramel cake right?
What happens to the lemon cake? Well, well sir
The said lemon cake and everybody loves it. Well, yes, sir, but now we got caramel right not the same
It's caramel sir. It's not the same. Caramel cake is not lemon cake
But so we'll only I thought we just mix it up this you like
Should stay out of a cake decision you get the feedback you hear the people they like the lemon cake
What do you do send a caramel cake sir? Have you tried yet? I haven't tried them too mad open it. Well, it's a
I don't know I can't do it. Hey, I was like I'd you on the phone
I guess sir. Why are we actually got nominated for a golden globe in that fantastic? What an amazing film?
He's I hated that I didn't get it
What's your dialogue right the whole thing is yips and yips
You like the first 30 minutes maybe be bad red it would critics wanted sir to make you all
He's the other thing yeah, I see the pushing days he's just go on well of course, sir
Yeah, I thought when I was changing about hooker and Honda
And so I told you to cancel it well
Sir, I put the order right away, but we just have to burn the episodes
God, I wish you'd burn them in a bell and put the caramel cake in win it
You're killing me. I apologize. So we'll try to get that off my job on the winnel thing too, sir
I just screwed that up. I thought we were gonna get that big fact you know
I'm 30 slots well, sir team. He made a deal with NBC
Nylon yeah, of course
Who's hosting I wanted it's it's nice if I look like somewhere I thought I had
Got an avenging cut. No, so that's Martin Bashir
That's why I thought we were you know what never mind the whole calm okay thing is fun my high
He's upside down. I can't depend on anything
Think you're gonna get something and you get something else
I'm sorry
Thinking
Bad and
Carboh
I'm sorry
So let's back
Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, Jen, she get the memo nobody likes those Mickey pets
Oh
It's a new whisperer. Did you get the memo that wasn't the one the guy was talking about I don't think it wasn't
I don't think it was the one he referenced it when he was chained to the hooker with the mask on his head
Well, how am I gonna find that I don't even know what that's called. I don't get those you know
You don't I don't get discs like you do
Oh, well, yeah, no less the only one I'm playing because I just got a memo or so the Disney bitch
Uh
Here's one from Rob who says you're a brilliant and fast-sell conversation list
Phil Henry is a comic genius that you are great influence on him is easy to hear
Here both of you do great radio don't let the politics do you win?
Remember what kinky Friedman says politics
Polly means many and the ticks are a blood sucking parasite
Is there something missing in this definition? Rob and Michigan. I have to listen on the internet our life alone says Rob
I
I just can't buy the fact that somebody I'm not gonna go into it again, you know
Phil is whatever he is and good luck to him. Are you sure and that's it
It's just disappointing
That somebody would sell out. You know, I mean Jimmy syphilis we could understand because he's not a broadcaster
He's just a dumb jock who would go on a year and go
Like that for four hours if they'd pay him to do it
How's that wine business coming Jimmy?
It's kind of amazing because on the iod website they have a picture him standing in front of all those
Bottles of wine, you know, and that business that went bust with Henry Verrill as the taster maybe Henry tasted too much, you know what
That could be that could be a part of it looks like he ate him out of house in the home last time we saw Henry when he waddled in that day
Somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his ass and just blew him up to like a thousand pounds
Could you believe it? I believe it. It was pretty shocking though that first. Yeah. I mean when you know somebody for a long time
You work with somebody for years and they were always you know, it looked pretty much it's the same more than doubled in size
Oh my god, just humongous huge
Like a big waddling turd burger
And then when he said oh, I knew something was amiss
Bruce and Miami says one of the best places to eat in the Birkha area is the river oyster bar and grill owned and managed by the guys who run jakes
What's jakes
If it's the jakes in the grove we've had them as meal deals are very good
Jakes bar and grill. It's food ranges from fresh fish and oysters and variety of pasta and beef dishes such as
raised short ribs delicious
Sides like garlic mashed potatoes and a coconut spinach that'll lock your socks off
It's an open and warm place with the mix of regulars and visitors alike
Neil believe it or not the area of Brickle
Mary Brickle village is a very nice place with about a dozen restaurants and another dozen clubs and a ton of very beautiful people
It's very walkable in a large community of young people 25 to 40. I believe it
I'll take your word for it Bruce. I believe you
I just I don't know I just get's worn
It just wears you out at least it wears me out
All these people trying to sell saw photo. Oh, you're just you're just out of touch. You I'm happy for you
Okay, I live there over a million years enough
Enough already and when I come back for a few days at a time. I don't see anything newer exciting looks to basically the same to me
And a lot of Malalucat trees with the bark flying off, you know and polluting the air
And a lot of people driving in a very ever and way. Oh, I never told you I almost got killed over the weekend
Because the drivers here are a thousand times worse than in South Florida
Our left wood vine and broken what was on Saturday morning
Broke even left there and there's a gas station right across the street
From wood vine with a with a car wash
Yeah
And so what I do is when I leave it you know still early 9 30 on a Saturday morning is very little traffic
I have to go up to the corner and make a ui and go back together
I can't go right across from the exit into the gas station
And I've done it a million times no problem. I mean you know I've been driving 51 years. I think I know how to drive
So I get up to the corner to light his green and the oncoming traffic is like way way up the road
You know what I'm saying right and so I proceed to make my
U-turn and all of a sudden
Just out of the corner my eye see this lunatic punk going about a million miles an hour and he misses me by about a foot
Misses me to the left goes flying by and then of course honks the horn is here gets halfway up the road
Like I did something wrong
I mean this guy had to be going to Zidian miles an hour to get anywhere near me and the damn near
He came within a foot
If he would hit me I wouldn't be here. It'd be the George Rodriguez show well
And then it happened so fast that it didn't even scare me. You know what I mean in other words
It just happened so like lightning
That didn't even have time to sink in and I thought to myself boy. I was almost just dead
You jackass you idiot you're out there somewhere have a bad day
You
You ever have an incident like that where somebody damn near killed you almost every day
Here well, I'm telling you it's worse here
I drove down there for a lot of years many many many many and when I come down I still I still hop in somebody's vehicle and drive around
Not even close
Not in the same category and of course the one thing you got there is a lot of people maybe don't speaking wish
But I think at least they can read it
Here we got all these Chinese and India people remember no speaking English
How can you drive if you can't read the damn traffic signs
That's a good part
Yeah no speaking English
The biggest name
He's not his new project
Some perfect unsipped is why
To get serviced by a guy standing in the bathroom
He'll stick his jug right through the wall
We know
No
Why would someone do this to
Revent you wait
Why not meet guys face to face instead of such a stinky place
Oh
132 a Q and we got the big old coming up oh at two o'clock
And then of course the rest of the week staring at margarall gonna be over in Tampa at the Super Bowl
How come we don't get invited to go to Tampa?
We don't ready you go to Bernstakehouse right
I
Speaking a great restaurant we go to Donatello's they just love me at Donatello's
Did you ever go to that place? I think that's we want to one place it must have been that it was in a town maybe yeah
They just love me at Donatello's at least they used to back in they when people who I was on the year
Matt says please tell the story of when you had crabs no
I'm sure the till will be right up there with a few times you've crapped your pants crab
What?
Crab your pants crab my pants. Yeah
I mean I've heard of ants in the pants but I've heard of crabs in the pants
Seriously, Neil Osteries are the funniest things I've ever heard
Especially the one on the bridge when you left your underwear in the gas station John much love Matt
And assure you what kind of sense of humor Matt's got he says
P.S. when you were talking about the Jerry Wittner purple jelly bean and his gun this morning. I literally peed myself
Now did you think it was all that funny about Jerry Wittner and his purple jelly bean and a gold star?
No, no not even the first time I heard it. No, I mean I didn't I didn't tell it to be funny
I told it to you know in a revelatory way to point out what kind of a red neckie goofball this guy was
With a bad hair piece. Why sure work with some people with bad hair pieces. I'll tell you that
Jerry Wittner
And of course the story about Jerry and his hair piece would happen along before I met him
Was when he was a DJ at W. I. N. Z years and years and a hundred years ago and he went out to do a record hop and the kids
They yanked off his to pay and they ran around and tossed it around you know like a football
It's awesome and he had damn near had a nervous breakdown over it
And that's something that's something he's the only person I've ever worked with that had a chameleon to pay
It used to change from like green to purple. Yeah from like a light green to a dark purple or we're just uh, I don't know
Strange maybe it was one of those intelligent camo two pays
Or maybe not or not 300 two votes on the pool the pool sucks. Sorry
We'll try to get one. Maybe I'll do one for tomorrow
I mean if I can't do a better pull than this crap we're getting from Sean and uh and Sean by the way never apologized for putting
Uh a whole bunch of people on there who were
Individual singers as opposed to groups
I
Mean if you're gonna send us a pull of course I appreciate it especially if it's a decent one one decent enough to use
But don't put a selections on there that don't fit the pool. What's the best the restaurant you ever ate at uh
Friday although there is a place go out Wednesday
It's probably place you get Wednesday too. Yeah
TGI Fridays. Oh my god. Did I have a horrendous meal there? Hmm
Not that many years ago either a couple of years ago three
The one right there on sunrise. I see oh
Oh my god. I thought that was a great place
You never ate there at the one on sunrise and at any of them. Yeah, they're fine, but you know, they're not you know, they're a chain
I'd be a chain to that chain chest
Yes, I'd be a chain
Q.a.m. Hello
Not there. That was our one call I was ringing
And there's no new emails there they're they're done
They ripped Joe Stone crabs and asked I mean just unbelievable and then rightfully so from what everybody tells me
and the forge and
Nobody mentioned the rascal house because it's not there anymore. What
No
I mean what a what a forest that should be your worst trouble, sonny. Oh what an attitude in there
If you want I mean if you want to see what where anti-semitism came from all you had to do was eating there once
WDQ.y.m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Hi, I wanted to relay a bad Joe Stone crab experience with you. Okay. I
went there on a christmas Eve with my
At the time girlfriend
spent a hundred and twenty dollars plus tips and
It ended up as a toilet several hours later because we were food poisoning. I will never go back
It's overrated overpriced and the service is
Subpartial okay, but at least he keeps you regular anyway
He ended up on the turlant while sooner or later we all do I guess
That's one of the gifts from God
Oh God Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, my fine. I
Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yeah
Hi, have you ever been to the picket? Q.A.M. Hello, where's the material, sir? I mean come on five
I think I heard you Q.A.M. Hello
You want to just such an intricate part of the show
Q.A.M. Hello
Hola
And back at you
WQ.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, yes
Neil, uh, can you play that card at the dude ripping that bird from my twenty years ago? No, absolutely not
Are you kidding me? That's stale than last year's months of her craniala. You got to be kidding me
Can you play that card at the dude I hate the bird my god some of you people are like uh
You belong in the petrified forest because I'm petrified just I'm shutting that monitor off. That was a bad idea you had sorry
Oh take a few calls Neil. I'll be reading great. Those guys wonderful. Joe Bell will like it the ratings will go up
Worst to pay mad says moe and any Republican senator I see how come my uh
My outlook expresses flashing and crashing and dashing it. What's that all about it's it's um
It's like flashing, you know what I mean? Mm-hmm
What's that all about I don't know like vibrating really yeah
I am a zoa
Not my godzilla because we have 110 votes on the pull by the way that's for you fat Chris tummy
Who's too lazy to put on the bedtime stories and hates us like poison?
What's the biggest name?
Yeah, kid baby and now the league of retarded citizens will prefer their rendition of green onions don't make fun
They were very hard for this
Oh
143 17 to two at QA and I think we just about killed it today. Oh, I shot off the monitor by the way
In case you missed out on any of your complaints of critique or suggestions and low and the life in one nice experiment
That was to know it was not everybody checked in
Yeah, I'll look at that right when you don't want to get right and woody, you know
Oh, he's he's well. You don't want to talk to ever again tragic
And a real stalker I told you that time at taxing at the old tax nightly and I'm driving out after the show
And who comes pulling in the other way
woody
Did he use the window down? Oh God
It's not bad enough on the phone or on an email, but it's even worse when they're stalking you in person right?
Oh
And of course the appearance of Gulfstream is a lot of fun
But that isn't to say that there weren't some people there we could have done without seeing you know
Like the guy with the eyes aka Bowser. He's the same person as Bowser
Okay, which is surprising. There's no David Cassidy records on that time life extravaganza holdy
Must have been an oversight
must have been
Bowser
Somewhere on here. I think I recorded wait a minute one moment. Please
This would be better than talking about the crabs
I hope it's the right thing you
It is not mr. Bush about your grief. Oh God Keith Overman hyperventilating
The hell up
Now I must must have to rewind this baby. That's okay. It'll kill some good time
You want to hear Keith Overman one of his special comments? Why not?
I want to hear more calls
No, I don't
My heart is down
My
I think I went not far enough or is Bowser
presidency
anyways
I'm gonna save you by the
It's
in 1957. We started shaking to the sound of a piano player out of Memphis, Tennessee.
The one and only Jerry Lee Lewis. Oh, that was enough Bowser for me. Wasn't that, that
was an act that I work of love on my part. Saw the infomercial on TV one day and I came running
in here and I thought I'm going to record some of this so we can play Bowser on here. Oh, God.
And he, what are the songs on there is Shabum and he calls it Shabum. Yeah. Shabum.
Do you ever heard anybody call that song Shabum? Just this morning.
Grandinces, I do recommend watching Mafia. It's a spoof of many of the Mafia movies that have come
out to see know the Godfather's Carface to name a few. And it's the last movie with Lloyd Bridges.
As for George, bad the sand is a very sick dark comedy with Billy Bob Thurton. I highly suggest
it for both. I've seen the previous. I do not watch holiday movies. Oh, what was funny from the
other day. After all the ripping we did on La Carreta. I was browsing through the channels and guess what?
Unvisioned. They did a piece on the many years. La Carreta's been in South Florida. How good it's
been and whatnot. I didn't know. La Carreta and Versailles owned by the same person that explains a
lot and it's a good thing. I hate seafood. So I'll never have the misfortune of dining at Joe's.
Says Brandon.
Matt says I'm a chef and let me tell you people get mild food poisoning a lot more than they'd
even imagine. Every time you have diarrhea it's probably food poisoning. Peek into the kitchen
next time you're out eating. Oh yeah, pick into the kitchen. Yeah. I'll never read out again.
Oh my God. Can you imagine going to Joe's? Can I look in the kitchen?
I didn't make it that far. Sorry. At the forge can I go into kitchen?
Once you'll be throwing the throne speech in Canada.
There it is. A covener. I mean this is steeped in tradition of the start of Parliament.
This is one of the silliest things before they start the session of Parliament. They have to have this
the silliest bitch. I forget what they call her. She's a she answers to the queen.
They just can't cut the cord. Can you explain to me what that's all about?
I mean wouldn't you be delighted to get out of the British Empire if you had a chance?
Yep. But they can't cut the cord. That's why the queen is on the $20 bill. It's just it's
celebrity worship because all the way back to the beginning of time. Is it yeah,
royalty worship celebrity worship people with no eyes? They got the silly China woman.
She's the solicitor general or the South African with LA collar.
Don't you want to hear his parts of the throne? No, I'm good. Thanks.
If you ever make his speech on this throne, just this morning.
In you know, depressing time and until we're really taking things to battle,
I think it's going to be very, very upbeat. The Prime Minister wants to show that he's in charge
that he's delivering the goods to him. Oh, yeah, that Nazi Stephen Harper, George Bush,
W. Junior, a real Nazi if there ever was one. Well, we got 220 votes on the pool. I'm thinking
of changing it again, even though I haven't put another one. Well, that's how bad it is.
Which nuclear power or wannabe is going to set off the next nuke when a bomb agrande?
I mean, come on Charlie. Be put put your mental resources to something you, I mean, he did
send me a whole bunch of stuff and it was all and by the way, my outlook is for us to
have flashing. Thank God. Good. It was like flashing. You know what I mean? Like,
we might have been updating or who knows what? What? What? Here's another one of Charlie bees. Let's
see how you like it. For me, chicken just ain't chicken unless it's baked, barbecued, chicken pot pie,
chicken salad, chicken soup, chicken spread, cream of chicken, fried for Cassete Gumbo,
McNuggets, rotisserie, stuff with dumplings. No, thank you, I'm vegetarian. I hate you,
for me, chicken ain't chicken unless it's blank. Oh, Charlie,
besides Neil and our new president, who's your favorite Democrat? And he's got a list besides Neil.
Would you really like to put your nose and nails ass in the sniff real hard? Everything is
kneeled this and I like my steak with blank A1 steak sauce, Heinz 57 steak sauce, Worcestershire sauce,
and onions and no gravy and fries and on and on. That one goes. Are any of these getting to you?
No, I'm good, thanks. My most recurring nightmares are off blank, creepy crawlies,
deaths, snakes, monsters, people I hate, family members, people in general, my job, my failed
r-y-y-y-y. And you know something? I don't know whether it's a good sign or a bad sign. I haven't
any nightmares in a long time. Have you? Good. No, not that I can take out.
You used to have them all the time. Now that I'm getting old and it's close to the end, you know.
Mm-hmm. What is it that causes nightmares? All dreams are, and this is backyard psychology over here
from a documentary, I saw, what you want, what you fear and what you remember.
Oh, we're almost ready for the throne speech. We see it debat on the wire.
I'm going to go to the hall.
That's what they call this Chinese bitch. I can't think of what her name is.
She's, she's the liaison with the queen with the throne. Maybe that's why they call it the
throne speech, you think?
That it is the pleasure of her excellence in the government.
Oh, here's this guy with us. A big thing.
That's the time.
We've got a job for her permission to call in the members of parliament.
And they are all waiting behind the doors. They are, well, actually, and we'll have to see whether they're behind the doors.
The doors are in the house.
The ramen, so.
Oh, what's behind door number three?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You think American government is saying that?
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5.
How are you?
John Rambo is still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life ain't going great.
Plenty Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was an 85 late.
Rambo 3 was an 88.
Show it.
And you're in.
And you're in.
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
His name is Sage.
She was in Rocky 5 and they liked the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a little from the power of creed.
I gotta have another head movie.
Or a bloodly show like energy.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do via long walk.
Keep it zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
But the only thing I will undo is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on opera.
Now I can't get a Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing poor Pepsi.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a hold from the power of creed.
I gotta have another head movie.
Or a bloodly show like energy.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole weight's about to kill it.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
That's why ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
But I'm hotter.
Absolutely.
Bye bye bye.
