Okay, we have an open line two of them in date county. Then number is 624-O191-624-O191- It's open phones tonight. I think you'd like to talk about so long as it has to do with animals Anybody who would have heard the monologue and put that on tape and heard what I way I started the show and then you know kind of tuned out for about ten minutes and come back Probably would wonder if they're listening to the same station in the same program, but we're just having a wonderful time here And we have an all-points alert all over the WI and Z building to see if we can't find the cat so we can bring around the year here kind of introduced her and Does she have a name Does it have a name or her name? Her name is Ashley. That's the cat Why see he crispy at the cat the name is an e-clever Ashley as an Ashley what do we know that it's a female? Let's go to Helen Dale next hello Hello, okay, nobody in Helen Dale as soon as I asked that last question. They got real nervous in Helen Dale It opens up a broad line 764 707 candle hello yes Hi, I'm first time far and And my cat can be as bravo is one bravo Grabo No, he are a white hero Greato No, no, my g are E-y Gray So B-o Yeah Does Grabo have B-o? Yeah It turned out right now And what That's nice. You can be alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That was gray bow. Yeah. How are you doing gray bow? This is one of the best calls we've had all night In fact this could be a new format for the show we could have one night a week where we only talked to the animals Remember that record we could have her ralper played a music in the background Grabo What do you think about the budget deficit? Grabo Grabo Who's gonna win the nationally pennant Grabo? And what about that Chuck Tanner huh? Yeah, that's what I say. Okay. Well, listen. It's been great hearing from you and have a wonderful evening That was one of the best calls I've ever taken in this market. There's no question about that We have an open line in date at 624-01-9-1 Okay, let's go to Miami Beach, yellow Hello? Yes Okay, that was a good call That was great Talking about your vacation here Oh, at your back What your vacation? Yes Okay, man make us a gesture Sure The next step you have some time off you must try and I'll let it rest in this fortunate act