It's 1106 at WI and Z. We're back for our fourth and final hour with the Honor Thurs Day Bill Cauderle, the here at Midnight and Will, I'll be back with our mystery guest in a little bit, but right now it's time to get an update from a good friend of ours. Roger Connor is the executive director of Fair, the Federation for American Immigration Reform in Washington, D.C. and Roger and the folks at Fair have been working diligently now for what seems a lifetime on this whole immigration mess and Roger, where are we today? Well, you probably seem to like stories in the last six or eight hours, and I have to question back that you, do you have to worry about anybody with access to what that's the few that are there? Uh, the first thing that stories we were hearing on the radio about, uh, New Year in Washington. Yeah. Where did the point of the deal finally clear the race of the first twenty three Cuban criminal has to be returned. Right? Um, did that actually happen, you know? As far as we know, that's what we've been reporting all day, and I, uh, far as I saw the story on the evening news before I came on, I thought that was the plane that I saw most, it was a fantasy, but as far as we know, yes. You know, it seems like a long time from the first television, uh, from the first time the UNI was on the radio together. When we, uh, were we predicted everybody that there was going to be Toronto because of the fact that, uh, migration was being, I am a racial kind of you have been turned over to Philadelphia now. Yeah. Roger, let me tell you, we've got an online that sounds like you're, uh, you know, calling from underneath a rock summer. Right. So, so let me do this. Let me put you on hold for a second and Chris will call you back on another line. Okay. Right. Let me go up and pick up another part. Okay. Roger's on one of those cheap phones, even at fair they have cheap phones in their house. Come on, Roger. Get serious. Anyway, we'll see if that's, if that's not the phone, then we'll call it back on another line because that was almost unintelligible. Anyway, while we're waiting for Roger to a dodge over to another telephone, let me remind you that DCA, South Florida's number one builder announces the opening of that great brand new model center at sunrise lakes on university drive, just south of Oakland Park Boulevard and as far as retirement community value, this is it. Trust me when I tell you, sunrise lakes with a multimillion dollar clubhouse, there's tennis and golf top name entertainers, a full time social director, everything you could ask for. And now with a new model center, they're featuring four new elegant designer models. They're beautiful one and two bedroom condos. Each has either a golf course or water and they start get this from just the mid 30s. The best retirement value as I said anywhere in our neck of the woods. I'm going to be out there at sunrise lakes, a phase four model in sales center at 2701 university drive. Next Sunday, that's a week from this Sunday, March 3rd from noon to 2 and I'd like to meet a lot of you. I hope you'll come down and say hello and obviously want you there to check out these great new models. At sunrise lakes on university drive, just south of Oakland Park Boulevard, for over 30 entirely Houston Cirrus, spot all over the South Florida area. And let me remind you, and this is an exciting offer they're making, they've had a tremendous response if you own a video recorder, any make, any model, whether it's beta, VHS, whatever it is. And you have any kind of a repair problem right now, while the special offer is on, the people at TV analyst will repair it 99.95 complete. That includes parts that include labor, the whole Schmier, and believe me when I tell you VCR repairs usually cost a heck of a lot more than that. So if you've got a problem with your VCR, keep it in top work and shape and call TV analyst tomorrow. The number to call is 944-3973. 944-3973, and don't forget for your TV repairs, if you mention the arroggers they'll take $10 off their regular price too. TV analysts, there are 265 northeast 166th street in North Miami Beach right behind Coney Island, their service hours, Monday through Saturday from 9 to 530, and at number again, 944-3973. It's 11 after 11, and let's see if we've got Roger and his telephone hooked up again. Roger? How that? That's a lot better. You don't sign a lot here in Alaska now. I'm sorry about that. More like Oregon, but a lot better. Thank AT&T for this. Okay, you were saying. What I was saying was that when we first started talking, we said that we could not allow for the El Castro to decide America's immigration policy. And a lot of people said that's alarm is rhetoric. Don't worry. Go back to talking about Hollywood actresses or something. And ignore that. You said I want to ignore this. I think this is serious, a serious problem. And of course, eventually everybody else came around to realize that the concerns you were raising on your radio show and that your listeners were raised and were valid and true. Now at long last, we have step one, 23 criminals being returned. I just talked to Richard Alvarez last week. Richard Alvarez is a Cuban-American. He's a policeman. He lives in Pennsylvania. He on a little Apple computer and is that the paper with his own money has kept track with police departments all across the United States of the criminals who came over in that bloke killer. And it's his opinion that there are several tens of thousands. Yep. We need to be returned before this return of the criminal to go through. Absolutely. And those of us who have a good memory, and remember back to 1980 and 81, are positive that he's correct. So that's step one. But of course, the bigger problem that we say is that for del Castro is not the only foreign dictator who is in control of our personal control of America's immigration policy. Someone once said that the IITOLA Homeini has more to do with America's immigration policy in an American citizen document. And that's far off. There's a new development that two new developments here that I have to call everybody's attention. And that there is a new Mexican connection. What I mean by that is in the last six months, the immigration service has uncovered dozens of smuggling rings that are smuggling illegally into the United States. And they're smuggling them across the Mexican border, but the people they're smuggling are not Mexican. People from Bangladesh are paying $2,000 to $4,000 of food to be smuggling across the Mexican border. People from the Philippines are being smuggling across the Mexican border. Believe it or not, patient illegal immigrants are being smuggling across the Mexican border. At huge and exorbitant food. The IITOLA has captured a number of these people, but they say they just hit the tip of the iceberg. What's beginning to happen is that at the pressure for immigration builds around the world, people in countries around the world are making contact with smugglers in Mexico that are saying the United States borders out of control if you want to come to America here to wait a minute. It's northern legal groups. Don't go to the State Department. Don't go to the American law by a Pan American law. It's a new development. I think it's a serious one and one that we've got to take very serious. That's on the negative side. On the positive side, Senator Simpson is staff as assured me personally that you will be introducing legislation in a short time. He's going to be holding hearings, but he is going to be introducing new comprehensive immigration legislation, Neil, that's actually going to be even stronger than the legislation that he introduced last year. He hasn't decided on the final form it's going to take and say what they told us is and he said this publicly in Washington, so not to be going out of school here, that you get an introduced legislation. He's going to position to be passed and that if the leadership of the House of Representatives wants to block it, they're going to have to do so right out in front of God and everybody. So that's on the positive side, that there is. And I think that part of what has happened in Washington, Neil, is a result of the SOS campaign and all the people in South Florida who got involved at the end of last year and at the beginning of this year. Because you see one of the things, the people in Florida, you concentrated on your Florida representatives and senators and that's the best proper. And they talked to their friends and Florida is considered a pivotal state by both the Democrats and the Republicans. Neither the Democrats nor the Republicans want to have angry Floridians hanging on their doors and those, both parties are now jotting to see which can do a better job of trying to respond. So what you convince people of here in Washington, I think, is that there are people in Florida as well as across the country are still walking and they're still involved and we just refuse to throw in the towel. We just refuse to give up our charities, our future for ourselves and our children, is because it's difficult. Yeah. It's because it's not easy to resolve this innovation problem. So that's on the positive side now. On the legislative front, I think there is a Congress now has, it's almost, you know, the old story about how to get the Mueller's attention. You had to take a two by four and you had to have a four head. Yeah. Well, the FOS campaign was a politically equivalent of a two by four across the head of the Mueller and we got their attention. Now on the front, as you know, we follow lawsuit in January late January. Thanks in part to the support we received from people, my name's Emily and South Florida and my name's the lawsuit. The only just to go. But we found the lawsuit. The government has not yet responded to that case, but they must respond by some time in March. They get 60 days in the basic father. So about March 25th. Right. They must respond to the lawsuit. We do not yet know what it is to go and say. But frankly, I look at the law and on the law, it's an open and short case. And the last thing that's very interesting development, the other's happened here in the country, is a movement has a reason called the sanctuary movement. I don't know if it's gotten much publicity there in the Florida. Most of the infectious and new Mexican Arizona. If the group of people who say that they believe that people coming from El Salvador or the country should be allowed to immigrate freely to the United States. Now the government doesn't agree with this. And those they decided to take the law into their own hands and bring people from El Salvador in Guatemala, like the United States on their own. Right. They made themselves into government, if you will. Right. There's a piece on the USVSCV news about that tonight. The interesting thing to me is the parallel. The issue of things, in the instance of the Cuban blokella, a group of people said, we don't care what the government's policy is. We have decided that these people from Cuba should be allowed to come to the United States. So we will take the law in their own hands and bring those people here. Right. If we decide that to be the law. And now a group is saying, well, if we don't agree with the government's policy on El Salvador in Guatemala, we will go and we will take the law in their own hands. Yeah. It's the same basic phenomenon. And it's got to be responded to in the same way. And that is, that our freedom is based and predicated on respect for law, in a respect for order. And we have got to fight on every front when people say, if citizens are going to take the immigration laws of their own hands or the spectral treatment to be accorded in the group, whether it's El Salvadoran or Mexican, or Filipino, or the Cuban. I want to ask you about the Cuban adjustment act. The numbers that we're hearing, in fact, just today, one of the representatives from the INS said 30,000 a year is generally speaking the number we can expect. Now that the exchange process has begun in a very small way. We can expect 30,000 total number immigrants per year over the next several years. Obviously, the key to a lot of this in terms of the snowball effect and the things you when I talked about in the past is that Cuban adjustment act and whether it's going to be invoked until the end of time, or whether we're going to finally get that message across to the government and say, hey, this is not good law. It's not valid for you to invoke it at this time and it's got to be stopped. Well, you see the key is the Congress amended the Cuban adjustment act in 1977. Right. And said that if you take an extra Cuban this year, you've got to take one fewer from other's country. Right. And those people have to qualify for these as just like anybody else. Now that amendment was just as plain as a nose in your face. The committee reports said that it's the intent of Congress that no one can be granted permanent residence under the Cuban adjustment act, but let's these as are available. For most of these individuals with these are not available. It was a clear intent of Congress. It's more Cuban or admitted. They've got to be fewer people admitted from Mexico and the Philippines and Taiwan or some other countries. Now, for the I&S to come along and say, well, see, we're just going to admit it extra 10,000 or 20,000 people a year. Because we, I don't know why. That's not the way our system of government works. The Congress makes the law. The immigration service does not make the law. And that's really what this lawsuit is all about. If they want to change from law, let them go to Congress. Let them do it out in the open. Let them have everybody see what they're doing. But our vote. But our representatives accountable, if they do. But Roger, we're going to have to wait until the lawsuit is resolved or is part of what's happening in the Congress and in the House in particular, part of what is happening and attempt to clarify that whole situation with the Cuban adjustment act. Well, I think what is going to happen because of the lawsuit. It is going to trigger efforts in Congress to clarify and I hope anyway. It will force the Congress to finally face up to this situation. Yeah. But some realistic and effective limits on the number of people that are going to flow into this country from everywhere, including Cuba. And, but I'll tell you one thing, we will fight all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to to pre-vict that prediction that you just saw on the paper for coming to past. Yeah. Because I think we've all agreed that the carrying capacity of South Florida in that resource term, the economic terms and social terms, is very nice and there's, you know, there's all areas of life. Moderation is a virtue I was always told. And I think we've got to have some moderation when it comes to immigration in South Florida. Well, there's no question about that. That's the bottom line. You know, we're going to have a medium and find some sanity in a whole policy, not just in regard to us, but in regard to the whole country. And that's what the whole thing has been about right from the beginning. Obviously, people who are members of fair, people who are supportive and it's a long drawn out battle anytime you enter into a lawsuit like you are doing with a federal government. You need their continued contributions. You need their continued support. And we also need continued input from the residents here to those folks. We put on those lists way back in December in January. Absolutely. Because I'll tell you that what Congress, what the, or let me put it differently, what the special interest in Washington's hope is that the people of Florida will lose hope. Their belief is that the general public ultimately doesn't care about the future. Well, that's what allows the special interest. And for they, a lot, many, many issues in this town. They're very much out of touch with the sentiments of the people of South Florida. They really believe that. Now, that's right. That's what they're hoping that so far we've proven them wrong. At every turn when they try to come in and seize the advantage, seize the upper hand, speak one through you've been there in the citizens of South Florida, been there to say we've had it. We're not going to take it. We're not going to stand for it. We're going to fight. And, you know, thank goodness for that. Because this has been the spur of the Chalphas so often to get Congress off the dime. And to get Congress moving, not just for the protection of Florida, but for the protection of the entire country. Amen. Roger, thanks a million. It's good to talk with you. As always, keep working hard and will work hard on this end and get as much input as we can. And we'll be in touch again real soon. Good for you. Thanks a million. Roger, cut or the executive director of Fair, the Federation of former American immigration reform with a couple of pieces of good news there. It's 25 minutes after we're 11 at WINZ. And in just a couple of minutes after we do a little piece of business, we have our mystery guests. We're going to unveil them, take off the veil. I'm going to try to keep on the clothes. And if you'd like to talk to our mystery guests, those who've already identified, I feel like John, what was his name on what's my line, John Daley? The number in date is 62401-91. 6, be able to please sign in. What is he signing on there? Not right that in here. Anyway, the number in date is 62401-91. And in Broward, it's 764-0707. There are any fans of this startling personality who's in our studio tonight. Now's the time to get to those phones. If you want to speak to them during the brief half hour or so that we have left. Let me give the numbers one more time in date. 62401-91. And in Broward, 764-0707. Right now, it's 1126 at WINZ. And to be kind of interesting, if nobody calls you, want to be a stand. Yes, twice as much for half the price. That's right. There's twice as much of the magnificent Country Club lifestyle you've always wanted. At Boka Tika, Boka retones most successful Country Club community. Twice the recreation twice the elegance for half the price you'd pay for anything comparable. And they've got it all. Golf, tennis, clubhouse, health club, recreation center with fabulous facilities. 11 pools, even a motel for your guests. And wait till you see the apartment, so spacious and luxurious, you're not going to believe they start at just 95,000. Boka Tika absolutely the best value under the floor to sign. Get by tomorrow and take a look for yourself. Take I-95 to your motto, Road East. For the ocean in Boka, go to the third light, turn left into the Boka Tika entrance. To the first stop sign for the Model and Information Center. That's a little confusing for exact directions or more information in Broward called 4263600. That's 4263600. Or in date called 949-6109. Boka Tika twice the living at half the price. 28 after 11 at WI and Z. You know when you have a money emergency, it always seems to happen at the worst possible time stand. Whatever might be, big car repair bill out of a job. And when you do have a situation like that, it always pays to call the pros, the good folks at United Mortgage Company. We'll give you a personal understanding service. So if you need a first or second mortgage on any kind of property, whether it's in or out of Florida, call United Mortgage. We'll take the application information right over that telephone so they can get to work for you right away. And don't forget inquiries from investors are always welcome too. In date, you'll reach United Mortgage by calling 379-2676. That's 379-2676. In Broward, it's 524-7225. That's 524-7225 or from the Palm Beach is called 655-95554 United Mortgage Company. A soft Florida institution you can trust. 299 after 11 here at WI and Z, Bill Carter comes along and midnight. Stan Major is in the studio with us and has been here fooling around for about the last hour. Now by, well I don't know, it seems like it and seems like about eight hours. See you, well that's because it's a tough one. It really goes slow, Neil. But at any rate, especially when the phone is empty, we've been sizzling all night, right? We were cooking along and Stan came in and played Mr. Regist in other phone shows the program as dead as a proverbial dornale. So if there are Stan Major fans out there, Stan of course was here on WI and Z for what about two years. I think it was about a year and a half. Well that's a pretty long time for you too. Yeah, Stan's average, usually about what? Six weeks? Yeah, six weeks. And you're in a half at WI and Z? I'm busted in my average. I think I'm a plus thing. I think I'm a plus thing. Of course, prior to WI and Z, he was at W snooze down there in South Thade. Is that you were there? Well, the day we went on the year. Well, I was in the WFA building on the day of the flood. Yes. Even Noah never saw anything like that. Unbelievable. And we were all sitting there with our pants rolled up to our knees. I was to God at the same time I ever had an umbrella for somebody in the building. That was really unbelievable. And Stan of course, then you were to run for it along that. But I don't think that was your deal. I was there here. Into the beginning. Yeah. In the beginning, I was there a year. And then you kind of flew away. They came over here. Oh, that's right. I just moved right over here. Came right over here. Right over here. Right over here. Right. The W snooze. And was not there very long. No, that's second time. That's when I went to Philadelphia. Right. But a lot of, you know, seriously, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people during the past five years, I have heard back from you and from others. I've had some very kind things to say about me down here. Not on this show. Well, my name has come up. Okay. It's kind of an unkind thing. They got the name right. So let's put it that way. And it's nice to be able to say thank you to them because I haven't had many able to do that in person. Boy, what a mellow. You know, what a waste of time. I remember. It really is. It's nice to be remembered. Well, if the phone is any, you know, barometer. Nobody calling you. No, you got to call number. Okay. If you want to talk to Stan May, do we have that 28 minutes now left? And one break. So it really, when you take it all out, it's not that much time. And if you don't call him this half hour, and if he doesn't hear from some of this former fans and some of the people are really despised. We were all friends, a former girlfriend, a former girlfriend. So we're many of those. And also former folks who just hated his guts. And they were, they were at least a couple of those. Number in date is 62401-9164-01-9191. In Broward, it's 764-0707. Now it would be really embarrassing. I mean, five years is a fairly long time in this business. But it's not a lifetime. And it would be kind of embarrassing if we didn't get all the lines lit up there. And there are a lot of people down here from Philadelphia. Now sure, spending the winter off. I have people who mentioned W.W.D.B. very frequently is a matter of fact. Dolly Banks once in a while calls. And there are some actual people who are from Philadelphia. So we're going to talk about you and Bob Grant and Jerry Williams and Dom Quinn and Richard Hayes. See how I remember all of those names? You know, Grant made a big move, like me. I thought he not an MCA? No, he's a WABC. You're kidding from nine to midnight. Bob Grant and Kenal Beherd in Philadelphia for the first time. Well, is he going back to the old Bob Grant or is he still kind of emasculated? He is back to the old. They have loose the muzzle. They've taken the shield off. Absolutely. And as a matter of fact, he was the fellow who was quoted in all the newspaper articles following the Bernard Gets thing. Because it was his show that was the melting pot. Yeah, I would imagine for a comment. But let me tell you, they were, I'm sure they weren't really two, but they were nuts about that. Here they just think Bernard Gets is the next thing to Jesus and maybe even a little bit better. Coach, I think, is very nervous. Yeah. That Gets could run for mayor and with him. Oh, I'm sure he could run for anything in New York and win the moral. That's very interesting about Bob Grant being a WABC. All kinds of things in show. But as you get on the inside of the business when you listen to this show, Okay, you've got several colors on here. We have one line still open and date. 624-0191. And in Broward if there are any angry Hispanics out there, the number is 764-0707. Now you must admit, you did ruffle a few feathers while you were here. I've never offended anybody, but my biggest fans were Merit Sterheim and Do We Night, Night and Maurice Ferray. Maurice Ferray, he still speaks very highly. If he went to call me on the Joseph Goebles of Miami. When he comes on my show, he speaks very highly of you. But of course the mayor doesn't come on this show. Okay, line one in Miami, hello. Well, I'm staying. I'm glad to hear you. Thank you, sir. I know you're one guy had to encourage you a conviction. We got a lot of more of a snurred here now. And they haven't gotten a gut to go. How is my hometown of Philadelphia? Well, it's still there, sir. Is that right? There are about to lose the Goefoil refinery. Is that right? Yep. Why? What happened? Well, those things keep happening. Well, anyway, you're talking about the worry. What's the worry about you being here? What's that? Does many of Dias know you're here yet? I've been in Miami since 1940 and haven't received one death threat. That will be some kind of wreck. I'm going to be trying to do the dynamite already. Please take care of yourself and believe me. I say with all my heart, you have gut and a lot of them enough in here. What are you trying to say, sir? What are you trying to say? Spid it out. Come on. I can take it. I'm not talking about you. In exception, really, you are. But you turned yellow to a little bit. Yes. I knew it was coming. I know. When you started the weekend on this deal, you had you turned yellow. Yeah, I just might tell between my legs and ran ahead. Okay, sir. Thank you. I knew that was one of my fans. I recognized the voice. O'Re Yellow stain they called it. The canine mutant, the lady will be in any second. Yeah, a couple of lines open and date 624-0191. Stan Major is in Miami, which could be of major significance or on the other hand. You know, I got don't tell a hero. And we have a couple of other lines in Broward where of course Stan is very big. Broward number is 764-0707-02 and Miami. Hello. Yes. I just caught the end of the last hour. And of course you had the mouth to it was. But I could tell by the stone. It was five years ago that we heard this man that was Stan Major. Seems like a lifetime, doesn't it? Yes. Stan, what are you back for? I'm a combination vacation business. I see. Are you still working in Philadelphia? No, I, I resigned my position up there. Is there a possibility? I, hell, I don't know. I'm going to talk to you. No, come on. I'm a sit-riding with you in your gentlemen's and gentlemen's and gentlemen, I want to do what? Who's that? Oh, no. We don't talk to the man who's been anymore. No, we've learned better than that. We like to stay friendly in the best ways to keep a distance. I mean, the Stan Major on WI and say would be one with a three of you. Bill called or Stan Major and Neil Rogers would be one. Wouldn't that be a trifecta? I don't really like the building too much, but that's okay. What do you want? You want to be first now? You want to be first? Absolutely. Don't you? But how are we going to do it by age? Good heavens. We do it by age. Good to hear your voice, Stan. Thank you. Hope you consider coming back down here. Thank you very much. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. We'll see how this whole immigration thing goes before anybody makes a decision. Okay. We've got some lines open. Stan Major is here. And of course, we want you to regale him with your delight and hysteria over hearing his as the caller said, Dullsett tone or did he say, Dull tones, I'm not sure something like that. In Dave County, 62. Are you aware? Yes, I'm on. I'm fine. Still got my hair. He looks the same. He looks the same as ever. Well, I just wanted my son and his everybody else. I wish it could back if we soon need you here. Well, that's very kind of it. I mean, you're a Neil and Stan had guts, didn't he? I say, Stan had a lot of guts. I know we did. We soon generally miss him. Not a lot of common sense, but a lot of guts. I'm not going on that other station. It's just a disgusting. I don't turn it on. What station is that man? No. Oh, snooze? Rimes would lose, I guess, but what can I say? We don't want to be bitter. You know, we don't. No, I know. I don't want to take up to, I know the quite a few people want to talk to you. And I wish you good health, Stan. And please stay. Thank you, dear. All right. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye. Okay. Really getting some going here. Line five and Hollywood. Hello. I'm Stan. Welcome back. How are you, my dear? Let me tell you something. Me, I'm Stan. It was Stan that turned me on to retroquince. Well, I don't doubt that. Stan is turned a lot of people on. I don't know if you're aware of it or not, but you and me, both have a very similar voice. You know that, but anybody else commented that I'm not. Never. No. I think it's because we're sitting in the same studio. No, no, no. I mean, that's I mean that's silly. Oh, I, I just, I'm just so, if you later that you're back and I hope that you're going to stand. Well, I'm complimented that you would call an undubly complimented that you would compare me to Neil Rogers. Well, I, you're in very good company. I can assure you of that. Thank you. And it's very good. You're both right in there. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. And that makes up for that first gentleman with old yellow stain. What does he know? What does he know? He lives on a beach. What does that tell you? Okay. Okay. Right on. Take care of yourself. Bye-bye. What open line did they? 624-01-91. We're building to a crescendo here as major comes back to dazzle and delight and irritate the South Florida audience. No former girlfriend. The number in Browwell is the irritated ones. Mostly the number in Broward is 7607070707. You would probably say they were the ones who were dazzled but I've heard different. Line one, my baby, chill out. I don't need a line of on the beach and don't compare me to that first. No, not at all. Well, the beach isn't all bad. It just pockets of bad. There's some very good ones on the beach. Those are, let's very few adults. Anyway, I want to say welcome back to Stan. Thank you. And you consider going back to snooze because I think there's a free to six-part, that's six. I think there's a free to six-part, that's six. I use this gutsy. Absolutely. I don't know how we got the jar off. But he does know a lot of restaurants, man. There's a lot of restaurants and today, you know, there's somebody to listen to between three and six. So he just started a bad mood, baby. Well, you have to listen to I&Z and get all the news between three and seven. I like it the most. I get the news from my auntie in the morning. As I gave her a phone, the program director, the host, me. So I think you're a private sector. Well, man, I really don't know what I'm looking at. It seems like you've got a ground swell of support building here. Now tomorrow they're going to be marching in the streets. We want Stan. We want Stan. They'll be standing over their entire thumb. Call out, call out, rantill, and tell me to have lunch with me. I don't want to speak to that girl. Well, you've got a lot of freebies you could enjoy down there. That's at least they can do his buy you a lunch or something. Oh, it's better to get in touch with Steve because he has more freebies. Okay, thanks for the call there. Bye-bye. Well, they get hostile at the drop of a bucket here. I've telling you. All you have to do is start mentioning talk radio and they go nuts. 19 till midnight at WI&Z. Another veteran of the talk war is Bill Colter's in the building. Right now, and Bill's going to regal you for five hours starting in midnight. And I'm going to tell you something. He's got stories from Gulfstream today that are just going to knock your socks off. Under a contract with the United States government, IMC's gold plus plan is working to provide Medicare beneficiaries for individuals with parts A and B of Medicare. The finest healthcare available with lots of free benefits and no monthly premium. And now the gold plus plan has become one of the fastest growing HMO Medicare plans in the whole country. Over 140,000 cloverty ins and rolled an over 90 medical centers all over day-broward and Palm Beach County. So you know there's one close to you. And don't forget the gold plus plan is recently opened there in Rollin' Office at Cedar's Medical Center. That's a 1321 Northwest 14th Street Miami. You can enroll there any weekday Monday through Friday between the hours of nine and six or during those same day time hours. Just give them a call at their toll free number. Call 1-800-462-2273. That's 1-800-462-2273. 17-0 midnight at WI and Z. Let's talk about great food again. We're just talking about good restaurants and moments of go if you will love mouthwatering seafood prepared to perfection. And I highly recommend you give a try at the Italian Fish House a tremendous menu. Every kind of seafood under the sun and then some. And it's all prepared fresh only the highest quality ingredients used in the preparation. And all the seafood is fried in pure peanut oil too. And if you want those early bird lovers here in South Florida, they got an early bird for you every afternoon from 4-630. The early bird dinner started just 4-95. They give you loads of food in the home meal from 4-95 to a top of 7-95 depending upon the choice of on-trade. Choose from Royal Macarole, rest of chicken catcha turret. A Royal Boston Scrawd, Royal Cetra, a vehicle-cut-led Parmesan spaghetti or linguini with meatballs and lots more. And again those entire meals starting for just $4.95. You'll love their Royal Bar. They have stone crabs, fresh clams and oysters and lots lots more. It's a super place. Give it a try soon. The Italian Fish House at 177. Collins Avenue on Motel Row. It's 16 till midnight. The infamous Stan Major is in town. He just kind of dropped in like out of nowhere tonight. And we opened the door and there he was. That opened the gate first. We opened the gate. We opened the door and all of a sudden he came back and saw the. And saw the palatial part of our new studios back here. This is, you must admit, first cabin compared to the. Really is on very impressed compared to those days when you were here. Well, it wasn't bad. I mean even what we had was better than what they had across the city. Right. But this is phenomenal here. We're going to know why Maurice Faray wouldn't come out just to see what the place looks like. Well, if I would leave the building, he might sneak in. Let's try line 64 Waterdale. Hello. Hey. I don't want to let the kind of the bag, but the yellow stains in the hotbird cane have been seen lunching its Morrison. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I run a hazard through the Boston Circots. That the stain is coming back to get to three to six seconds. And the rumors have really sound and solid. And I just feel it if we should give out all the news that's at the print. I'm really happy to hear it and the people should know that we need a three to six Roin on the radio and we've got to get that other kid off We've welcome you back and I can't wait for you to start and look forward to the announcement of one the day is Do you know a hell of a lot more than I do? Well, I want to tell you something that Jerry Williams is can't keep a secret Jerry Williams can't keep a secret right mentioned on this program the other day that one of the leading boys for Philadelphia was on his way down here Well sure I was coming out for a vacation. Well, no, that's email a little bit more I'm You have an idea flags at full staff since I left right sir But what is on those flags that's a question The results Have an 11 12 try to try and figure out the result if we got him in the other room Well, I'll tell you what I'll try to make call to plan we preempted him because I give Stan such a short Okay, well, that's a good the audio and money anyway. Okay. Thank you. Thank you a lot. He didn't win any money. I can tell how do you know that? I had a good day out of Gulf Stream today. I got five winners We went there for the last eight races. I had five winners in eight races including a 25 dollar horse and a 40 dollar horse That's not bad not the I'm not gonna go to the track with you Saturday because if you had a good day like that I don't know what I'm on a roll. Wait. I'm on a roll. We go in streaks. Carter's been on a losing streak for a Well, I don't know. I know he was over 40 in one point. That's me in trivial pursuit and he cash I held the record as the all-time loser loser and trivial pursuit Okay, well, we're not gonna give you the prize at the end of the show that is for sure lying to in Kendall. Hello Oh, hello, is the famous new Roger this is the infamous Neo Rodgers and the outrageous stand major I just wanted to serve it tonight, you know It's now like you come in from a vanic fuel in my radio I just had it to call you mean something good has happened tonight. Yeah That's maybe it's because of our stand. I think stand is brought us some good luck from Philadelphia Anyhow, I wanted to put my vote into stand That's very kind of or what what is he running? You made a fix I thought it was he's gonna do that Oh, you folks sure way ahead of me. Well, you don't understand You see this is kind of a subliminal attack against the particular individual I think it seems to arouse considerably more iron than even in your wildest days you ever dreamed of doing I thought he was in other words they hate him is what I'm trying to say to you I'm you know, what am I using all of this language here? They despise the guy this guy saw on the Donahusho? That's the guy Was he plugging his restaurants on that show? No, oh, he was having a tough time getting on the air No, I don't really know anything about him or anything about what's been going on in my amy for about five years or other than what Neo tells me You're any extra listening to you I first started listening to pop And Well, we had a lot of fun in those days. We had a little different then Yeah, well, that was a whole another area. I was like another lifetime Well, you got to do some pretty serious topics, but he's pretty good. I don't know how I just got a call because like I said You know like tonight I finally finally coming in Well, I'll be if you can hear us and Kendall. I'm sure my former wife will call When's it checking on that? It sounds like you just sounds like a Vienna It's a little different. Well, we got to tell on his best behavior tonight. We sent a few of those criminals back and he's gonna mind his Yeah, that's fine. It's a bit of a shame. Maybe it's your gut come to this. Don't hold your breath. Have a good night Thanks a lot line three and South Dade. Hello. Hello Sam Major. How are you man? I miss you. I'm glad you're back And you're the one that taught me about Narendra I never knew there was an orangutin. You said it. I don't even know what you're talking about Narendra Narendra Down by homestead you had a lady call from Narendra one day really and you know it's very nice We threw the phone while she was talking I became your fan that day Well anybody from Naranje is all right with me Well anyway, I just call to say welcome back and I hope you stay. Thank you my dear. Bye. Thanks a lot. By the way, there's a dolly is listening on the beach. We'd love to hear from her tonight Snoring while somebody's on here. Can you believe that anybody would do something as tacky and grow test as that? That's really terrible isn't it? Go to line four in Kendall. Hello Hello, I just can't turn in my dial and there you are. I was so glad to hear you back again. Thank you You were here when you were around here and And what you certainly are a welcome thing. Oh, I like all of the WIMC people and I think that rude crude nerd who's taking the place of a talkhouse on doubt is Where's the program right now? A lot of people are here We didn't ask for this you know there's just happened spontaneously this early interest Spongebob anyway, I'm blessed to be and I'll be listening to our raise and a big thank you Thank you, dear. Thank you. Okay. Well, I understand you staying at the Ramada Thanks a lot. You're not staying at the Ramada. Val Harbor? Sure. Sure you are. Let's throw it a couple more so I get phone calls every place Is this staying at the motel six which is about as much you know after you're working fill it off you for five years But we'll talk about that later line five in Pembroke Try to get in downtown and one of the snazzy new ones and they wouldn't let me in now They won't let you in downtown there are too many people who speak Spanish down there. Hello. Hello. Yes Can I ask you guess what the status of talk radio is up to fill in here? Well, we covered that briefly But he'll he'll go into it again. Oh, I just don't know about 10 minutes It except for for the station that I just left WWDB which is all talk on F I absolutely do up there. Yeah, there there really isn't anything that exciting happening on AM What's what's winter toes doing these days Leonard toes is gonna have to unload the Eagles. I don't care what you here He will have to sell Or the bank is gonna gonna take the team yeah Leonard said don't bet on it though It's true. It's a good idea to go out to lunch with Mayor good No, I don't I don't I wouldn't he doesn't have time for lunch He's a very busy man. Where he's a very busy man actually Surprisingly he's a very effective effective Mayor But compared to what we had in Mayor Green before Mayor Goodwin in anything would have been Mickey Mouse would have been An effective mayor He's like my amy better than Philadelphia No, I don't like either one of them better than the either one of them. He doesn't like either way He doesn't like any place. I don't don't don't put me in that kind of position. They're both very nice places They they thing about Miami is it's so marvelous to be able to go to a supermarket and buy a bottle of wine Okay, thank you okay, so you have to really super market it three in the morning We're gonna get into a lot of these esoteric conversations that are very very difficult to follow And that's the one thing when you listen to Stan Show it keeps you alert because you have to have a road map And you know you start out in the ranger and you wind up and oh you have to live in a Placed like Philadelphia, New York for a while to realize how good you've got it in an area of where you can walk into a drugstore At three in the morning if you've got a toothache. What does that mean? What do you get? There's not one single 24 hour drugstore in all Of the fourth largest music so part of the blue Austin drum is a no, just it's just that everybody decides that they will close it nine o'clock at night And so they close there's one super market chain and they only have All maybe in the entire area of Philadelphia and Sanctuary they have maybe five stores and they're open 24 hours That's it See when you were up there you kept trying to get me to go to work up there and now and you tell me how great it was now that he's left there And he's here he's telling me how lousy it is I'm just telling you the difference because you you haven't been there so so you're not aware of these These are finite little things that bug the hell out of me The state liquor thing is the thing I campaigned against up there Almost every day on the air. It's it's the most ass-on-eye in the rip off of of of the consumers that you can imagine Imagine if you want to buy a six pack of beer You cannot get it any place except at a beer and soda store and Those are few and far between In other words you can go into grocery store and buy a six pack of butt And you can do that in almost any state in this country, but in Pennsylvania you can't do that Oh really Okay, line see I've always do had a lottery. I've always wanted to do that to your line six in hell and Dale. Hello Hi, how are you welcome back? Thank you. I just would like I I know I owe these people sending you to the upstation. I'd like you to be an ING with more talk shows Well, I think they're very successful with what they do man. I'm sure they are but Just allow this into the other station anymore and inviting in the calm busy turning dials But I'll catch you somewhere. Thank you Thanks a lot. Thank you. Yeah, I'll tell you something. Okay, be up some private collection of morning when you stay on what you call it And I know when I stay out with doesn't make any difference when I stay out with what do you call it? I mean, I go to bed. I go to bed if I have a number 730. Well, don't count on too many more of those you know those five those five a.m. jobs Not too many have a good night. Okay, I'll put some of month tape line one in north Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Are you sound a little more relaxed than you did back in here early for the burial I am quite relaxed sirs. I said I've been here since nine forty and have a had one death threat And really a change wait a minute. We have a message coming Oh, I might just say I hope you stay where this down here. It's good to hear your voice again. Thank you nice talk Thanks a lot. I wasn't that great. Doesn't that show you what an area died and Well informed audience I have on this show What do you laugh in a really really well been very nice? Do they remember who you are? Yeah, they've been very kind But you know the other night I did this show on a stale journey. I think the same point holds true my point was that When you think back at the good old days you forget the bad things and you retain the good So they remember all the things they liked about you right right well we we tend to do that about everything in our own it is for you screen out all the negative You remember the good old days right just like you're forgetting about well I evidently you're not because you keep mentioning it Those long yellow legal pads with all the death threats and that was kind of an interesting period of time Was the sheriff's police Front all the time but it wasn't quite like Nashville, although I don't I think I think really you ought to give that a try Before you make any rash decision, I think you ought to go up. I understand they do an all paid religion at night up there They're wasting that big 50,000 watt signal at WLAC I think you'd be gangbusters you'd be dynamite if you pardon the expression in Nashville Well if I can just pick a guitar Go over real bit. Thanks. Oh, thanks. We used to have they understand they used to have a couple and the shoes to sing and he used to play the guitar They were I don't remember what their names were maybe called or will remember their names But they used to follow me at midnight up there and they were our real trip. Let me tell you that whole Whole four weeks was exciting and it just seems to keep popping back all the time over and over again It just won't go away But anyway, Stan Major is here in town and he'll be around for a few days and you never know where you might hear him He liked pop up on an issue, right? Could be even on I and CFM who know on i95 He's this pondering that situation up there saying well you never know Let me tell you he'd be dynamite on i95 He would not there socks off He'd put prints to shame. Let me tell you that right now You think prints his house looks like something you ought to see some of his clothes anyway Stan Major's great to see again And tell me where they're foaming Miami vise. It's really the only reason I go right out here is matter fact right after word we've got Six Cubans and Alpercino up there and they're gonna be welcoming you in just a second and two We have a special ceremony and they have a little award they like to give you that they wanted to give you Before you left town anyway, it's great to have Stan back with us at tomorrow night a day to clock my guest I'll be Gordon Stein and we'll be talking about atheism and agnosticism and rashid wasm and irrationalism and all kind of other exciting things right now Speaking of irrational bill colder is in the building and bill as I said before has just stories to tell you that I Turn you on your ear even wider than usual so stick around for that and we'll see you again tomorrow night A day to clock Linda rocker for it standing by she also has some stories that will dazzle you and then we'll get the latest from cds at midnight It's 1159 at w i and z