Is the real deal? As opposed to the unreal stage That's really a real greatest real legit Right no BS That's really a hero song's Volus Make believe Speaking of that, I heard that the Panthers spot there, wow When they win give away two free tickets to another game Yeah, they're coming in as bad echo in here Allus proud blessed night that they made it And I said we did it And I was 10,000 and 92 which I think the 92 part was right I'm not too sure about the rest of it I have never seen that building looked empty you could add your own section I'm talking about in the middle of the game, you I'm not saying in the beginning when people in the show up yet Yeah Nobody They won but nobody cares You can say now 16 thousand people for the Pangood game, but who knows? Probably really about 10 out of which 2,300,000 penguins fans Nobody cares, so let's move right along Okay, somebody just called before and said Papa knows open tomorrow Papa opens while Papa knows video for Simon Casting for a few days The now they open for live racing tonight There you go Okay Can go over there and plunge your guts on Don't be a stranger go bet on Brucey Ranger Yeah, you know we were talking about great advertising campaigns earlier The caller campaign that was done by Julian Cole years ago at call do we love you right and that was great advertising and The Kenwall and when he was at this game everybody's gone to the dogs right you know this real simple stuff That Give you another thing I wouldn't have any head at highly or we hate you I Are mayor will punch you in a mouth right exactly in fact it's like an encounter with your buddy there. That's the old punching him out routine Man, it's way close. I'm rebooting a piece of equipmenter that might take for like a so we from Sukas So I don't know what the I'm gonna do today. It's very sad. Oh, it's a long story things saying We cannot connect we cannot connect your Your channel at this time. Yeah, and I call the cable companies it raining They say I can't condone. Yeah, and they said well that's what the problem Well, no, they said pull the plug-out for about 10 minutes and when you put the plug back in it should work Yeah, and it did well that you have a cable box Yeah, yeah, well that's a problem. What you have a cable box sometimes you have to reboot a day Say say So I get it. He also I got it. I caught on Now, let me ask you this yes inside the building there. I don't think pulling out the plug-on direct TV and talking it back in the work Because when you don't pay the bill Oh, that's a different story. It's a different story. We still don't have isn't you can pull that plug-out and keep sticking it back in there all day long Yeah, well, we still don't have our direct TV really. Nope Well, must told me that the check was cut over on a west coast on Monday, and on days Let's see Friday So by the time the durable gets it up there to wherever headquarters are for direct TV. I wouldn't be surprised by the end of the year I'm not saying this is early this year. You've got your direct TV back in there So this thing is this thing is validating social media. It's on G now And it's like but it'd be usually this thing goes flying through all these files There's a lie and then two minutes you're done right three more. I go. Hey It's taking a long time And I think I put the canary on this piece of equipment because I said in George first thing this morning I said well, whatever happened at the DCS Burnout with this thing laying out how long is this thing going to last and never had any problem with it and sure enough now It's an actin up So if you're hurt any about the sushi lunch I don't I don't see that there was any sushi lunch I'm trying to get some information but everybody in their lies They still and wall they like Clarece was in there for a second and I mentioned something about that and he went flying out of there So I have no idea whether there was any lunch with it because Barry doesn't write any follow up And of course your buddy Sarni used to busy writing crap. He doesn't write anything of any interest to anybody Just garbage Oh, he did say that you were picking him really good. Yeah, which is not true I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wouldn't be I could do I could do that could pick him out of a hat not a knock at you But I mean just it wasn't like you're doing all like great no Not to a great at all. That's well actually that's break even a little bit better and break even oh It's a break even with the very rich that's exactly well 52 and a half percent is break it. It's like slipping a coin oh It's not really Well, I mean theoretically flipping a coin wouldn't necessarily come in 50% of the time both theoretically So I can't flip an a coin every time you flip the coin It's like starts all over the statistics mean nothing because each time so I'm I'm 50 50, huh kind of like rebooting like rebooting which this thing isn't doing anything now It's gonna be so aggravated. I want to just take this thing and he got out my window But somebody might get hurt. It's no little bit here overnight little is on melting right now Just a little trace. I just thought I keep in touch with that because I see it's gonna be sunny in 72 and South Florida It's just beautiful. It's paradise. What's not to like great weather For gambling. Yeah, perfect. Oh, that's one good thing about being a compulsive gambler It's always a great day for gambling no matter if it's a foot of snow You don't like a sloppy track. Oh, I love a sloppy track. Oh, yes. You don't like the mutters I don't know about the third birds the harness race. I like Transformation so oh boy. That's that's where it's at the harness race And the old sloppy track the long shots come in yeah The real widely drivers, you know who get to the lead and just It's hard to catch anybody when you're in front of a slide or the guys behind them. Yeah, that's right There's thrown a slap kind of like it our station Oh, you're trying to do in the other direction though a couple of shows ahead I don't know about that so chill answer. I was I got up real early about a minute earlier than usual this morning came rushing in here We're looking online. There was nothing I was rooting for the tapeworm You know you eat that roast I know I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying a word You're not gonna let me into that crap again today. Okay, Friday Yeah, let's be happy we can come up. I'm checking out Mohawk tomorrow so we'll see any cap one And I tomorrow will be spending the day together at call there and then we're to each on the files by the way George and they're going very slow Oh, so you should be the k pretty soon. I can cap one. Yeah, and then we're gonna go Well, why some light in the morning? We're gonna have a glorious day together. Excellent. Yep But all of these too much this weekend because it's only the second December. We got a long I know I'm gonna mic for Christmas shopping Dolphins are playing who this weekend or the bill. Well, that's a win-able game for both sides right good the bill suck Yeah, and the Dolphins suck so I think it's a good matchup and the Patriots are like 10 point favorite against two-day plan Yeah, for John yeah, they're playing the JETS jets. Yep, the S stands for suck and JTS jets Wow the same teams out there. Yeah, what do you never know though? I mean when you got all those injuries I've seen I'm already making excuse got all those bad injuries I don't think they can lose the digits You know But will they cover that spread? I don't know not interested in that's well not interested in that game. No. I wouldn't bet that game Okay, well have a great weekend. Yeah, you too and by the time I talk you get on Monday this thing might be boot again and direct TV might be working The done let's let's set the odds on that you didn't say which Monday did yeah, bye Your Miami here releasing a limited supply of previously health seats for sale of the general public tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections tickets go on stale Tuesday. October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10 Yeah This is the name These seats are in limited supply will go fast call 1-800-4 NBA ticks check out ticket master.com or any ticket master location He fans mark your calendars for Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. This is the day individual games tickets go on stale for all He hung in this might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad What's Jack? Stay tuned Oh No I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm making the contract available now! Who will you be seeing? You will not, and I find a slut! What are I doing? I need to be going. I'm going to be shy. You might put me up on it. Yeah! I'm just gonna go to the house! Yeah! I'm going to be mad! Please, dad! You want to go to the house? Yes, I want to go to the house! Please, don't! I'm going to die! What else do you want? I think you need to get me this time! That's what you want. I want my own sleeping shop! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I got the stick on my head! Okay, it's 10 away to 5.6. You're already cute. I am happy Friday too. I think well, everybody in the audience, so to do is like, pick a number, pick a time, we'll take an office pool, on what time the of these kids will reset. What a great idea! I know it's not doing it the ordinary way. It's just going very slowly. I don't know what that indicates because being, you know, computer-related. I bet you Josh knows, not 10, 20. 10, 20? Josh doesn't even know what does means. Oh, I see. What's that? What's that? What? Why didn't you ask me this thing about Foxfire? Firefox? Oh, because it just came across. I didn't know. It's been downloaded more than 100 million times since the release. It's good. Although now that I got my new computer, I got my Windows 3000. You don't really, the Explorer is never all the negatives that it has on the older computers. You don't get all the viruses, the X-Fan, the X-Fan. Oh, look at that. Validium curve files is 2.8. Okay, this is the slowest process in this human kind. I don't, a little bit nervous about that. I gave it the old whammy. So we're not going to have any Qs when we do the commercial outbreaks. I just, I'll just hold a finger up. How's that? All right, well, then hit it. When you hold a finger up, I'll hit the Q. Oh. The American military Thursday said that former American troops that including two Marines of recruitment combat operations in the rebellious province of Anbar. There were rebellious over there, where military commanders have pressed a series of intensive sweeps to disrupt insurgents, networks in advance of national lessons in December 15. Four more dead Americans every day. It's a two over here, and a three over there, and five over at six, whatever. Every single day. And there, and, you know, they're still trying to muster a little bit of courage to the opponents of the war. You got a good piece of news. I forgot to tell you this. Yep. About move on.org is considering, they're considering supporting Jewelie Romans upon it, is democratic upon it in the primary and Connecticut. That nice piece of news. That's not going to necessarily get loose, but at least there is some other people who will misunderstand up against this lunatic maniac, this lawfuler. 1433 votes were sorry. It didn't like our poll yesterday. So, this isn't even the one. One on there now with a movie. Sam, getting too far ahead of myself. I'm not going to do that today, because the one for Monday doesn't need any building. I would have given my research online to make sure I didn't leave any major things off of there. So, we don't need to do that. So, that means we can take at least four or five thousand calls day, especially with our DCS problem here. It's not doing anything at the moment. This is validating car files. It's thinking about it. So, in the very liberal way, I guess, when you get to be old, you get slow. We can relate to that, some of us. Despite there, denial is this is the poll from one was this poll from two weeks ago. It's somehow store, I don't know. 1433 votes despite their denial, everyone loves to fart. 278 jokes that chicken 253. Make sure you don't have the old bird flu. As sexual fantasies, one's 70. Picks their nose, one's 43, and then what do they do with it? No's W is totally 2,000, 2,000 for elections, one's 26, lies, 116. All the liars all the time. Enjoys 4,094. Listen to Neo-Ranger 61. Peace in the shower 31. I was peeing in the shower this morning. I kept thinking about, why would anybody deny this? What's not to like? Why would they be? It is, and it's certainly on ladylike if you happen to be one. I see. On ladylike? Yeah, you know. Why would there be any problem with that? The water is a cushion and the white TV cushion. Huh? Because it's pee. I see. Oh, there's nothing wrong with pee. Tickles the taco 31. Cheats on the taxes 29. Each their boogers 26. Josh was peeping his guts out thinking about that. Oh, we're all the way up to I. I. Look at that. And that good. So this is, this is doing the right thing. But it's doing it in slow motion. Use it this goes flying through these. Notice that indicate to you when you kind of a, uh, syndrome? No, this is fairly. Oh, it's just taken a very slow look. And how many letters are we going to go through? Well, now what are these letters? Hey. Ha ha ha ha ha. No, but I mean, what am I indicate? Uh, you can only have four digits when you make a cart number in the DCS as you know. Yes. And that can be a, a numeral or a letter of the alphabet. Oh, I know we start them with a, uh, with letter of alphabet. So if you go through all of those, if we know, you don't go through j. If we only use numbers, we would only go through j. What does that stand for? Jewish? We would only be able to have, uh, you know, 9,999 cuts. Right. And he was what's called the hexadecible system. Oh, well, let's not, like I said, nobody cares. Uh, she's out there taxes 29 each their book is 26 disgusting although low carb by the way, Atkins approved. Uh, smokes weed 16 loses their ass gambling 15 loves garbage CV 15, fears death 12. Takes their butt 11. That is really. Right. And uses body wash six. That was the pull from, I don't know. Yes, they are. Yes. I see I'm losing track now. I can't keep track no more. And then the one about the ending of the movies, which they hate. As somebody last at the outside you bought. I told you about it. And you haven't seen maybe Josh, so I said you're with canvases. You're in, um, William H. Macy. I have not. No. Said you're. It's okay. It can't make up it's mind if it wants to be real super serious or wants to be part comedy. Uh, it was good. Uh, I'm the old hole. It was good. So to speak. 10 14 at five six. You don't forget what I give to the end of this spot. You're going to have to like hit your thing there. Because I'm only on the eye. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, well, got it. Got it. So I think it's exciting that this happened today. And now, and now the real excitement is when it gets done doing this will go back to, uh, what it was before. Right. And if it doesn't, uh, well, to bad. It's that most wonderful time of the year. Unless, of course, you hit the crowd at malls. Those crazy choppers. Like, like, they got same-vitis dance in their pants. The long-waggedy line in the parking hassles, too. So make your gift giving this year a little easier for you and your loved ones. Give them a dial-macros gift certificate. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can order a dial-macros gift certificate and an Asian nomination. And a new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for a year. When you call 1 800 mattress, you choose from the top names in the business. They got them all for you. They got silly. Sort of Simmons, King Coil, Stearns and Foster, Hewlet and tempered P2. Maybe you suffered some damage from the hurricane. Maybe you need to bed for those last men, univited, how they guess. Maybe your old mattress is just headed. Well, whatever the deal call 1 800 mattress, you'll get same day delivery from Abena, M.ville 10 PM. And like always, you still pick the name transfer. And over to be your scheduled, you pick a tour. I window and they show up. 99% of the time on time, no less. That'll mattress ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. All of folks at QAM would have brain or including me with an username for years. You ought to be doing the same. So before those guests arrive, pick up that phone call 1 800 mattress or log them to the website, mattress.com. 1 800, M.A.T.T.R.E.S. Leave off the last S because it stands for. You. What comes this sport? We are the athletes. Sports where you buy 16 pounds. You weigh it. You're pushing the program with a basic signal. That's a good part of the sport. We should see you and see you to try to get good and hydrated. I'm dying on the air. I am a baby, loser, the fish. Or. One, one, one. I am a baby, loser, the fish. One, one. One with the sport horse, two. Two, two. The only other cowardly boob. That's a visit we need to. No parts of quince at all. Like a choke carmelato balls. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one, one. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one, one. Why the bad at all you want in your over-depth balance swap? Can't imagine where they went wrong. They played about as good as this song. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one, one. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one, one. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one. Miami Dairy's losing the fish. One, one. I got a good idea. Why don't I just reboot this thing and start over again? I'm going to make it go through real fast. Because it's not doing anything right now. Finish with the I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. It's about it. It's taking a rest right now. It's old and slow. And it's 1019 if you want. This has a little excitement, a little possessed to our otherwise boring Friday. Right? This is like, who's just in the little bit. Speak to the fish. Marlon's president David Samson last week. Detailed while there'd be no stadium deal with the city of Miami. Wednesday, yesterday, city manager yesterday. What the, is it? Yesterday, all day I thought it was Friday. Right? Today Saturday, right? Sunday. Oh. Wednesday, city manager Joe Erigola offered a biting perspective that spoke to the ideological and personal gulf between the two sides. In other words, they heated a like poison. Back from vacation, Erigola blasted Samson for absolutely the line to the public about the Marlon's contribution to the project. He also termed Samson and owner Jeffrey Luria, carpet baggers, and in that the negotiation would have gone more smoothly with a local ownership group. Carpet baggers, how do you like that? Yeah. Josh. Your team? O'eron J. Now. I'm looking at that. J stands for Jewish. Oh, hey. And what's going to happen after it finishes with J? That's it. J oughta be the last, uh, like. Oh. I know. You know something. If this happens, I'm going to let out such a good try here on a year. I'm going to think that you got shot. Oh. Did you start a new letter up there? I figured you're part of it. Did you start a new letter like N? Of course. But I thought you said it will go through J. Well, that's down here. What letter did you start? Oh, I'm on N's already. Okay. Then. So this is going to go all the way through N. Yeah. But there's something between J and N. Oh, no. I've got L and, uh, who knows? Lucky strike means find a Vaco, LSMFT. Number those days, of course, you know, the Vechibloka brand is. He's probably puffing out a few of them. Faggot's right now. Among the several issues on which Ariel and Samson are an odds is how much money the team would run to the project. Samson, I've weeks said the Marlins were prepared to make a $212 million contribution to a plant baseball only for silly decision to the Orange Bull. That figure includes annual rent for Ariel those focuses on upfront payments. I don't care how David wants to dress this Ariel, I said. How he wants to dress it. It's an absolute outright lie. He's putting 30 million. Not 30 million in the field and the story. If I have an apartment building and you come to rent for me, what is that? Is that a contribution to my profit? A contribution to my mortgage? Nothing. What I do with the money is beside the point. Samson pointed Ariel's unfamiliarity with such deals saying team contributions are always measured by the present value of rent payments. Another issue where the party's difference cost overruns. The total price of the project ballooned to $385 million because the original estimates were based on the ballpark opening earlier. Area Olicon citizen increase an overrun and call it convenient that the Marlins do not. If the Marlins couldn't make up the initial difference, he wanted about their building cover overruns once construction began. The price of the project amounted because his inability to do a deal led to a delayed opening which caused increased construction cost, which we had to cover because nobody else would Samson said. It's not an overrun. Again, it shows his relative inexperience in this arena. By definition, there is no such thing as an overrun until a project is being built. He ought to be familiar with that because the performing arts center has overruns. Perhaps that the root of the failed agreement is the two sides underlying content for each other. They hate each other like poison. Hey! Area Olicon makes clear his dis-taste for a sense and his negotiating tactics. Samson wonders whether the city and mommy ever wanted a deal or first place if they considered a lawyer an outsider. If Jeffrey Lawyer would have sent a professional to do this deal, it would have been a lot easier. Area Olicon said this problem is he sent somebody who's never done this deal, who's never done it in the deal in his life. I don't want to say it's a personality conflict. I deal with all kinds of personalities all day long and has nothing to do with personality. It competences him much better word. Samson countered. Everything I know about negotiating with boy tactics I learned from Area Olicon. It's disappointing that the city would hold up a sign to a new world series parade that said, if we build it where you come and it was merely an election strategy and other desire to listen to what constituents really want. As of last week, the Marlins had majorly baseball's blessing to be exploring all that relocation, threatening, relieving, and relieving. Nothing's over till it's over Area Olicon. I think getting somebody like David out of the equation would probably help. Is he talking about Samson and David Samson or Mohour David? But I really think it's the whole attitude of David Laurie. He says, I'd love to see local ownership whether it's from Brower, Dave South Florida for that matter getting Bob and Good things done. When's the sense and reiterated that Laurie is a local owner would never sell a franchise, especially not to a South Florida-based buyer? Over the biggest problems we've had all along as we've viewed Jeffrey and David truly is carpet vagres that we were all said that came with a bag of debt for Montreal. They're not local people. No local investor in their right mind would invest with them because the terms they want. Cutty like that, they hear each other. It's great. It's the typical South Florida-F and way, baby. FOOF! I like that. It's beautiful. All the way up to J, almost the end of the J's. Cool. But you're telling me I gotta go through N? Yeah, but there should be nothing in between J and Area Olicon. Let's use something on there. I think I don't really recall. Could be on each other. What? We'll find out, I guess soon, Molly. We will. Rump the J.P. Remember him? Yeah. Harry. What movie had the most unacceptable ending that was our full night? We'll say this for a second. I had a fine ending. There was nothing wrong with it. And William H.Macy was great as usual. Can Bacy look at you and look at you over 90? God, she was all well. That's what you're supposed to be. She's going to be younger. 707. On the poll today, 707 most. They don't like this poll. I put it up. I'll go around 5.30. Six o'clock last night and I thought you would be a phenomena. We should have had the other choice on it, which we can still do. I didn't, I never seen any of these. Oh, okay. We want to put that on and share. Never saw any of these. So they can't tell you about the ending. How could they never have seen any of these? Yes. That could be blind. No, no. Seriously. There's, there's not like any movie on here that's like, really, stupid. Is there? Some of them are highly hyped. No. But I mean, these are movies that everybody in their brothers saw. There's not one of them on here that you could say in their category. category. Oh, the jays are done. We're done with the jays. Everybody keep track right on your wrist. Like the guy in my mental right at down. We're done with the jays on validating the cart files in the ECS. Oh, man. Which movie had the most unacceptable ending Blair Witch Project 88 million dollar baby 58 contact 57. See I didn't see any of those. Ward of worlds 55 saw the first one did not want or need to see the second one. One flew over to Cook was missed 43. I guess everybody saw that. Right? We're just upset. We're just upset. We're upset about four uh, Mr. McMurphy. Good fellow 35. Mighty Python and a holy grail 34. Great movie bed ending. Vanilla Sky 33. The village 32. Monsters evolve 27. See it wasn't just my imagination. Monsters evolve 27 way more than make go to the head 15 by the way. That's because nobody saw that with. What's the time in America? 26 unbreakable 22 signs 22. T 21. AI. AI 21. Up in smoke 18. Milha and drive 16. Magnolia 15. The birds 14. Momento 13. Donnie Darko 11. Jacob's ladder 10. Jeepers creepers where'd you get those Mr. Peepers 10. Bridges Atocore 9. Screen 7. Lord of the Rings part one five legends of the fall for white and red pit have to die. It was a fish and accident somebody got heard. The vanishing American version four and less than zero had a little more not much more than zero than had three out of seven thirteen. Lessons and you see that know it's a rubber dotting junior movie. Oh god and I've never seen any of these has got zero so that's got to listen but I'll look at it we're on K already. All right so probably we gotta go through K and LSM and if uh Lucky Strike means fine LSM FT and then what? See ordinarily this zips through these real fast. I would be going real slow can you I mean you know it's a little bit about computers not too much. They would be like just the amount of stuff that's on there. Well I didn't do this last week when you're on vacation I don't know. It would you be in there. Let's see. It went different flying through there I'm slow it down. That must be it. Okay we're gonna take a trading call today because it is Friday. We got a lot of our good friends out there we probably want to hear from today when you think of course. And wasn't that interesting at the end of the show yesterday we found that we discovered that mopro mode at Josh's sneak in there the long with a go guard area and most is I like that guy. It was kind of interesting. Now as opposed to the regular cue because I don't want you to play that from there what could I play here? I got it listen 10 27 a QAM. Whooãƒ• hit it George Bush A No need to budge, he's a real judge, he's got a name My little sweet tells me what is things about broken way Next up they seem a leader with a committing to a future To a sin, one more judge, I'll let him live, let him stand down in really stupid What the hell are you going to do? A leader, a leader, a leader If you can't get a leader out of the road, if you can't push, Don't push, only hope, a leader What the hell are you going to do? We're sitting in the stand, he ate the bullet Didn't get one of my crony's, one more judge We're going to take that, we're going to be a judge We're going to take that, we're going to be a judge We're going to take that, we're going to be a judge We're going to take that, we're going to be a judge We're going to take that, we're going to be a judge We're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that We're going to take that, we're going to take that, we're going to take that But you're part of hard drive. It's fragmented What what does that mean? That means you should defragment it And how to help my ass And don't worry, don't be pushing the envelope here, okay, don't be pushing More luck, and that's just flashing please wait, so one of these minutes It's going to go on out of this back on evaluating cart files again This is exciting, this is like doing table I play, guilty I sure hope he booked up a little bit on it broadcast last night Panters what a game, does anybody here or is anybody there? or anybody there, and by the way, they're had to be 15 people there. Yeah. The announcement tenants was 10,000, some of which is a small-ascense built by building. And I saw a little bit, I was watching Lee's game, but I saw a little bit of that game last night, and there was nobody. I mean, there were just sections that were empty. And if there were 3,000 people there, that was a lot. Because basically, for them to put anybody in the building, now they got to be playing a team that's got its own fans, like there were 1,000 or 2,000 Lee fans on Monday, so it was a little bit better than what. But last night, as predicted by yours truly, there was nobody there. Nobody. Oh, there's the G's. And how much you pretty quick? Jake. Donin' for a lot of nails says, what was most beef yesterday? I thought it was sushi, not beef. He started the show, I've talked about some very uninteresting sports stuff. He had every time he used to win it, it was longer than four letters. He felt that he dispelled it. For those listeners from the show that was on before him. Oh, I see. He did this about four times with longer descriptive words, that he probably disassembled on yesterday, then even started definitions for some of the words again for the benefit of those listening to the show that was show was on from 10 to 2. He wasn't acknowledging the name of the show. It looked at trounce your ratings party. Numbers don't lie, Mo. Well, what does that mean? What is she talking about? Trounce your ratings party. I don't know. I think she's applying that we have them, or you have them, and other people don't. Oh. I have no better no with L. I mean, so I'm, and yes, he's getting sorely. I have them. Maybe he didn't have that sushi lunch. Maybe he didn't work out. He says, love that who did Mo? Who did Mo? Oh, for the back of the Nifty Ressolo Slampie White. She's done it. Thanks, Donna, it's a real tweet here from you always. And it says, please wait, and we're not validating anything at the moment. Oh, now it's validating quartiles again. Maybe this is just going to go on all day, you think? So I think I've got to shut it down and try one more time. Oh, yeah, there you go. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And then maybe by the, well, we got the whole weekend coming, you know? Oh, my God. This is a quite an experience. I've never seen nothing like this. But if you think this experience is going to wait to we get these calls on here, man. Can't wait. Tony, Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil Rogers. Speaking. With your computer there, I think what's going on there, you have what's known in the computer world with a ID 10T error. What does that mean? Well, I mean, write it down and then you look it up and you'll explain itself. It's an ID 10T error. I'm sure it's pretty sure that's a 10T error. And what do you do about it? Yeah. Just. What? By doing what? By moving onto another call. Oh. Ha ha ha. It's already. Yeah, it's just please wait and please hang up. It's hit it right on there. It's a please hang up on HMUK. We're a little, this two show past. Tell me Q.A.M. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. How did a short folding fat set? Oh, God. You know something, if you would die, it would make us so happy. In fact, he probably kicked him out of Milwaukee, wherever he went off to again. So came back here with his powder and his tail between his legs. Get lost. Jesus, good almighty. WQA, M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that lady that ripped the fact. That is true. No Howard was rip it on the audience, I guess. He was talking about a couple things. I mean, it's like, now I know these words maybe too big for the listing audience that was on the previous show. And, uh, good home. Hey, seems pretty, uh, well, I'm tight in here. Pretty ordinary, huh? Yeah, very ordinary. He was, he made reference to it three or four different times. How unusual. Okay, thanks for the good news, sir. Okay. Now that they didn't card files were back to then again. I think we got a, uh, ISP482.6 error. Look it up, look it up in the book. That BFD problem. Yeah, I think we got a BVD problem, okay. Please wait. It says, wait. Now, this has got to be, uh, I don't know. What time did I start at the last time? 45 minutes has been going on. They're about to start at like 20 till there. Because we're not going to take about five minutes to go right to the whole thing. It just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, there and you're going to go through all the files of real real quick. And I was just sitting there like, wow, he just validating card files again, though. This is fun. WQAM, hello. I think it will really sucks. WQAM, hello. A-Neal. Yes, sir. Neo, hey, you know for the, for the movie poll, I can't believe, uh, seven or mentioned. Well, let's add it on there. Okay, we'll get a few votes. Maybe six or seven. The induciate that ending with what's in the box. Come on, I wasn't in the box. Yeah, I was pretty weak. Okay, let's get seven on there. Okay. What's in the box? That was a Brad Pitt's worst moment of all time. I mean, he's had a lot of, a lot of bad movies, but that was maybe the all-time worst. Except maybe the legends of the fall. At least he was still liven in at this one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, if you had any idea how this is just driving me nuts here. I was in the ZM. Yeah, yeah, what are you talking about? Go through his fastic routine of it. And now, do you think that it's gonna like, what's your prognostication? Well, it was 10, 20 that thought it would be. No, I'm not talking about it time. Obviously, that's, that's, that's a slow sense past. But do you think it's actually gonna like finish it? Generally, see, here's the thing that at least, how I am about computer. Yeah, as long as it's doing something. Right. Good. Well, just let you please wait. Yeah, it's fine, I'll be waiting. Yeah, it's fine. I think our files will right. The last came up again. As long as there's some activity, that's a good thing. It's when there's no activity, then that's a bad thing. And you gotta go call it an engineer in your life as over. Oh, no. I just, I wouldn't do that. I just heard out the window. Here's this suggestion for a poll. This is one of our fanges. Probably somewhat weak, but what the heck? Yeah, it is Friday. And we got this technical problem here that I created. I created it because I like, it's fell on that, I put my copy book on the mouse again. I hit like 75,000. It's Friday, you bastard's all, I'll be cute up. And to give it to my thought, well, this reboots a thing like it. It never happened last week, John. No problem. I heard about that. I got a call. No problem at all. I just rebooted it and went through and zipped through all those files. Like that. Beautiful. So you ought to know by now to keep your mouse in the house. Well, but now it's not, but it's taken forever and today, I'd like to get back to abnormal. Anyway, which movie was better than the book was based on? I'd like you said the facts are very weak, very weak. And also, it's just off the topic. It's mototally without a sense of humor. I hear I make fun of certain colors that he says are your listeners, but he doesn't such an unfunny way always trying to be funny. That's hard to listen. And the war of which I think moto arrives unarmed. Oh boy, they're all over the whole mustard. And I guess he's all over our poor colors. See, that's always a good way. I mean, not that I would knock the colors. You do understand that. Great as they are. Who cares? Who cares? But obviously they're listening. That's the important thing. They're glued to the moto, because they want to see who he's ripping and what he's saying and the train monkeys. And Yadia, Yadia, and don't forget about that new cue now. That's a good. Wow, man. Oh, man. Yeah, I'm more of an ordinary play. What the fuck? All this book time of anticipated rules of parks. Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Sure, rules of parks right on the bus. But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man and played with bowls and a major league of a children's game. I mean, I mean, come on. Who's done more for the black community? Rules of parks? Or Jackie Robinson? Ha! Jackie Robinson was my hero. Why I can remember when I was a much younger man. And Jackie, he was working at the Jack Full of Nuts. I walked up to him, took his hand at it and said to it, you would. Oh, my hero. Now get the acupacoffee. And make it black. You think Rosa made coffee not heavily? No, I'm not a individual. What do you want? I think what you're doing. Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Who won't go bowl? Are you a black man? Yes, I can tell of it a photo. Who did more for the black community? Rosa Parks? Or Jackie Robinson? Oh, it's two separate things. What you're doing is blurring the lies between social activism. And not that I'm prejudiced. Oh, he must have been not disconnected through no fault of my own. But at any time, talent you own it a high-thons. Oh no, Lady Bl've what I said! They don't really belong here. Do they please be black the family at the company? No, no. No, stop talking. Where are they going? No. You've got a poor woman, look over here. You know who they are, ... Let's let me watch. Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh good boy! Who's a palter? Not a chie. Who's a boy? Who's a boy? Oh no, he's a dog. Who's a boy? Where in palter? For part part. No! Oh, that's not when you're happy. Oh no! He's really shivering. Hey, cut it, take off. Two. Look at me, my old palter. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Guess what? Oh no. Holy moly, Batman. Can you believe that? This is one of the most momentous moments. He's cry day, you bestie. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. Once is enough. I got worried there. That's what started it off. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, oh my god. Oh, oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. oh come on boy. Oh my god, you bestie. Oh right. So we got him. And we've got our huge back, everything is fine. So yeah, totally you're so remained impatient. That's right. So now what you want to do is you want to exit that program by hitting all the 10. Alright. I do want to do one. Yeah. It all 10 the exit the program hit CD backstage to go into your route directory and then do answer. And the interesting to check this in how long it was flashing please wait outside. Okay. Okay. Oh wait, I want all inquiries made. Oh wait, boy, if you had any idea after you did that. I have no idea. What are you talking about? Oh, this is like a crunch to us. I mean, you know, we got a lot of other stuff here. And I got my CD decks. And I got this close to the thing. But that's our lifeline. And we got 84 trillion. And not only we got 84 trillion vits in there. But there's about 20 of them. We actually still play. It's all the right. It's our wife. We're talking about a crunch. It's a job for the month of November. Oh God, please, please stop. Stop. It's a great idea. They use him as a weapon. Talk about a weapon of extra destruction. He's like a weapon. It could be the answer to the head with him. Just let him go away already. Okay, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's be in a good mood for get that he's even there. Cheney has. Most US troops will leave her rack within a year. And the army is broken worn out and may not be able to meet future military threats to the country's security representative John Merthas said there he goes again. Like Reagan would say, there he goes again. Two weeks ago, Merthas created a storm of comment. We call for you all that we know that. Merthas predicted most troops will be out of a rack within a year. I predict he'll make it look like we're staying with course referring to Bush, staying with course is not a policy. Merthas expressed pessimism about a rash to build. He said he recognized who the insurgents are, but don't always share that information with US troops. He said a civil war is likely because of ongoing fascism among the Sunni Arabs, the Kurds and the Shiites. It's just like Joe Eriola and David Sensen and Jeffrey Luria. They hate each other like poison. He also said he was wrong to vote to support the war. I admit I made a mistake when I voted for War, Merthas said I'm looking at the future of US military. Merthas decorated Vietnam more veterans said the Pennsylvania National Guard is stretched so thin that it won't be able to send fully equipped units to Iraq next year. Merthas predicted it'll cost $50 billion to upgrade military equipment nationwide, but says the federal governments already reducing future purchases to save money. I'd be like that. The National Guard is stretched so thin in Pennsylvania. Gazing you're on QM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard. No National Guard in Iraq? There's no National Guard myself. See, my call is maybe more on Mova, but at least they know that Big Chuck and the National Guard is in Iraq, okay? Iraq, your Iraq. Lieutenant Colonel Chris Cleaver, spokesman for the Pennsylvania National Guard for Indian Town, Gapset, there were some deployment concerns. We've already said some of your units had to leave equipment in Iraq when they returned to the USA which could cost 20 problems here. But of course there is no National Guard to wreck any waste of what are they talking about. Right. Or that commonly think of propaganda. Let's see, Nate from us Palm Beach is. I was at the game last night. Quite the swelling of fear. All 2000 of us have met, he really enjoyed it. How do you like that? I'm trying to be nice and say there are 3-4 thousand. This guy says maybe 2000. The place looked empty. Look like they had like a bomb scare or something. I got a free ticket in the ever-so-synchie club section. Head section 324 all to myself. empty house. Cheers to sport sports. And my best to go, Nate. How do you like that? Also, here's a pull idea. What mediocre crappy movie that you decided to suffer through turn out to have the best ending. Oh, I don't, don't want to agree with that. Well, can I at least finish reading it before you start interjecting in the scene? I am so excited to have my DCS back. You can only begin to imagine the sugar plums dancing through my head. Use it a lot now. Oh, good. Good. Calling Miss Molly. That is our lifeline. That's our lifeline. I'm hooked up with the two right to my head. Yeah, right connected to the, maybe that's what it was. Maybe I had some bad gants. Got a short of that baby house. That how you input? Oh, output. You input, I'll output. The usual suspects, we've rented this fifth fight club, sixth sense, Tantry, eights, etc. Had the best ending. No, I don't know. I don't think so. No, I don't think so. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I mean, how could a bad movie have a good ending? The only thing, the only thing good. Well, that's true. And every case, if it's a bad movie, the ending is always the best part. Like, all right, that was your story. Exactly. You go out of silver. Oh, man. It's like some shows. Oh, don't, don't. I don't want to mention. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah, I don't like. Pretty good, pal. This is from Mow. How would you sort that as you see K, including? Let's see Russell. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you wouldn't know. Nifty Russell from Russell Crowe from Bill Russell. Okay, cut the crap, pal. Get with it. Yeah, Mow and not can our intellectual audience, I'd like that. I trained monkeys. You got some there, Mr. Let me tell you right now. Mr. Mow, Mr. He'll be on a two today. Mad Dog at the, is Mad Dog actually working there? Is that been changed on the schedule? Let me look. Nice schedule says Jim Madditch had Hooray's in the pines for the seven three. So does the birds. Well, how do you like that? Two days in a row. Oh, boy. You talk about it. You're going to have to take some extra weedies. Maybe some extra steroids. Curtis Stevenson, seven to ten, and any K at ten o'clock tonight. No games, no uppants, who's no up, who he canes. All do you got the black hogs in the pants or his tomorrow? Wow, that is a biggie. The black hogs could win a fist game. WQAM hello. Dale. Yes sir. I've been looking for everman, and I can tell you without a doubt that Moby with the Rosa Park. Yeah. Got to be top five. I don't think so. I'm sorry. Let me ask you one question. Yeah. Who did know? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, I was going to say in that jerk. I just called him and said, if you're all the blinded trouble, I'll let him ride. Oh, no. He's down with like, slap happy to me. Yeah. Little slap happy. I think too many people out there slap in this morning. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, six in the Verizon and singular wireless line. I don't know what I'm going to do. I got to get back to the old schedule over the polls because the one we've done it before and I'll say, oh, you're not doing that again. I just feel like it. We've done too many damn good polls. Original polls. Yes sir. Let's just go. No, you don't want to say it. But I've got a good memory on those old chestnuts. My program director in W-I-N-Z. David Haazley or Horseley, whatever his name was, he was a father Mark the Cune man. But today, but Horseley was a real suit of intellectual jackass. A real borish guy, even more borish than I am. Well, you know, those old chestnuts. Yeah, I don't know any about old nuts. But he used to use that. What kind of people used that term? And let's bring back some of those old chestnuts. I'm afraid that one's new on me. You ever heard that? No. Oh, like old old old oldies but goodies, you know old stuff that you've You know I like a squirrel's stories nuts. I got to hang around with old people more I guess there you go Well, you stick around with us 7Q. I am hello That crosshair with me and Hank here. We did it meet the ages 100 on everything. WQ. I am hello. Hello. Yes, sir Oh You know that's a wrong number you are the wrong number you got no material. That's your problem And he just showed me give the numbers on he dialed it and then like what do I do now? I got sure. I got to yeah, you're through Come on. Let's get a lot more good calls like that between now and so I got a pile of stuff here But who wants to hear all these depressing stories like about how they want to get rid of jewelry women and about Memo confirms a lead those role in opposing roe v Wade and all these mysterious CIA flights to Europe Which they have the logs on them and the majority of America's Walmart is bad bad bad. I do have one star. I want to pass along Yeah, we'll update well I like to do updates when there's something that's like hanging you know I don't like to leave any loose ends hanging That fugitive couple charged with aggravated manslaughter for allegedly feeding their few-month-old a lethal dose of vodka Are now in custody in New Jersey good place form According to the Trenton police department Mar d'Alad deravel and Maconson and dantess Listen, you know, I don't want to get into a whole thing where you dark folks, but you know You're gonna have to start working on those names some. It's just I don't know what kind of names are those Mar d'Alah and Maconson Term themselves in shortly before one o'clock yesterday and are being detained They were staying in Hamilton about 15 miles from here said Trenton police lieutenant Joseph Aldora and for some reason They just came here walked into they were turning themselves in the Department of the couple's fingerprints in the National fingerprint database And got a hit a couple standing in their place to part were wanted in Brower County Local enforcement authorities were immediately notified accordingly police on February 13 and unlucky day for that little look A kid of last year the couple fed Macchisha d'Athus a mixture of water sugar and vodka to sued the baby who was cracking and running a favor The baby was given a bottle at 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. again when a couple will come at 4 a.m. they found Macchisha in her crib They Placin painted one for the couple's arrested October and here it is. It's only December this tooth and they already got him in Jersey How do you like that just a little update for you? WQAM hello KAM KC Yep, not too long ago. I was your old stomping grounds Amran The Netherlands? Never heard of it Near uh, Skipple airport Okay, I love Skipple managed a beautiful airport. You don't know why no I stayed out the shirt and right there and it was a beautiful sight Why would you want to stay there? Well, I was working near there so they had been this way. I've been this there most people there They got monkey business. You had real business I like going there for monkey business Unfortunately, I couldn't do any of the monkey bases. It was right this time I was ever trained monkeys. There's a lot of trained monkeys over there And as a matter of fact, I like to remind you this show is being brought to you by the number 12 1 2 3 4 4 7 See he can't leave he's become part of the he's become part of the psyche of the whole community man. You can't go mo An interesting part of that whole deal is we've tried like we've you. I've tried everything. I just give up I've given up before and I say Let's give it another shot, you know There there is no there is no meeting of the mines. There's no sehumor. There's no it's just always hostile hostile and well fine Fine, you want to hate you go ahead and hate everybody. Okay. We love you. How do you like that? That's what you don't know what to do Just like in that movie we were talking about in that I saw two nights ago the whatever monsters balls Yeah, he hated everybody, but in the meantime he loved Doing her he liked chocolate Evan at me ice cream and other other other other other delicacies right I'll be knocking Hallie's berries now. Oh, she never she looked as Christine and Just perfect in that movie. That was just close to perfection as against in that's the in that category I still have a quote from Hallie Berry taped up on the computer monitor over here I read it often when I'm getting you know someone and she's saying she said the man for me is now the cherry on the pie But on the pie and my pie is good all by itself. Okay anyway 1057 at five 60 WQAM joy Sorry, joy. I want to apologize joy is getting it's very carried away, but what it didn't finish? I don't want you to finish all right Top of the park racing in poker is back in business after Hurricane Wilma featuring live harness racing in the great poker card room Pompano Park reopens today And best of all admission in parking like always are free of Pompano Park So come move home a winner from the railroad to a poker in a smoke free card room a tournament survey day and don't forget always It's a danger. It's old Brucey Ranger Also harness Durbret Highlighter's final casting action every day seven days a week from facts all across the nation live racing in poker scheduled every Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time is 725 in a PM in a car room open set noon Don't forget live racing resumes tonight Pompano Park 725 in a PM Pompano Park is just a block South Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for more information in the curr racing schedule called nine five four nine Seven two two thousand or visit their website at pompanopark.com Pompano Park horsepower in poker. You can punch your guts on live racing at 725 tonight poker room opens at noon This is the new Roger show Oh But I know what that you expect that I He's got a lot of knowledge about the real life Yeah, I don't see it on track. That's very nice to see If you want to close things around I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about Am yourå¤šå°‘ shower I I said the boy your back is cold. Why you? I got a whole new spoiled old boo. I know everything that's going on in that room. Why I even know all the new major rules. Okay, to the drive daddy. You bad just go and stop to the ride. You're too bad if you and I take him place. I know I ain't no one's following me. But when they drop, I go and flip change. You little smoothing, the boy. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. You're too bad. It's 11.02. I have 60 W 2 AM happy Friday too. I feel so much better. My whole life and life and stuff. He has a wife. You know, had been turned around. Because my DCS is back. Yeah. Well, you're awfully, I don't know what your story is. What? No, that was a, I just dropped something on the floor. When I reached out. Okay, that's what I thought you filled the breach there. You filled the gap with the way. Oh, I love, bro. Oh. What movie had the most unacceptable ending. We have 800, 11, most of them. That means we're going to go over a thousand again. Oh, of course we started this. Maybe at the 5.30 last night. I'm going to just start abruptly whenever I feel like at the next pool. But I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to a fan just to air through your mix break. Okay. And I'm going to start whenever I feel like it. How do you like that? Because it'll be up there all weekend. While we're going to go for 14,000 votes on it. What do you say? Why not? Can we handle it? Well, I guarantee we'll get more votes on a pool. Then we'll be able to get more votes on a pool. Then we'll be able to to a hockey game last night. What is, what's the story with that? I think that franchise is on a way out. I don't want to be the voice of gloom and doom. Arlin's not threatening to leave the Panthers can't draw a fly to a manure pile The dolphins stink really ban in the course of heat. I guess the heat. That's where it's at right? Right I've jized into the heat. Have a game last night or not? I don't know Well, I beg your pardon. I was busy last night. You're supposed to be our contact with these sport nerd You're gonna be the same. How you lately? I got home late. I didn't get to watch a little sport me got home late from what I was I went clubbing last night You went clubbing last night a k a You came home. He was in the bag. It's what he's been talking about drug business scunk Get it out of your system already when you place your liver talk. We're talking the yesterday about liver. No, you know Your liver is gonna look like David the cross me pretty soon. I'm in my prime and then after that then you're gonna look like we do cross me What movie had the most unacceptable ending? Blair Witch project 102 didn't see a George song. He's still pissed off All this time I've had been that law. Why did you do that? Why are you so easy? Why do you get conned in all this crap going to movies? Is it something that I like to do and this was never going to bad movies is not a good pan? Well, you know you really don't know until you see you know right Blair Witch project in the beginning was badly ending was worse 102 $0.00 baby 68 contact 63 the war the world's 59 hey Tommy do fairy once the war of the cook was nest 48 all of the chiefs did get out the window He was great man. He was sensational drum juicy fruit. Oh my god chief you slide devil whatever we said to him I think that was a slide devil money python in holy grail 37 excellent movie fantastic Is all of our stuff at the ending is week vanilla Sky 36 good fellow 35 the village 35 monsters ball 31. I told you It just it just I'm sorry, but it was just a two quick Okay, it didn't have to get dragged on for a long period time, but I had to be like some kind of a it's not a log about the two Tunes don't zero about like something like he says well, whatever. She was not too bright monsters ball 31 AI 28 once upon a time in America 26 a noodles has the watching cover coming Signs 24 a Charlotte roof. That's what it was you remember the call we have to make it up to a Charlotte was I still don't know what it is I really like it. He loved it Signs 24 unbreakable 20 now Brian blue. There was a kid that had like he was on some stupid soap opera for a while I remember he had blue eyes. That's terrible. I remember that but I do remember that and He looked really good for about a 20 minutes Sometime in between that movie and the soap opera and he got like we'll hear me and ugly and then he disappeared We never saw him no more. That's that's sad That's what happens to guys women they can be like 50 instillate fantastic We've talked about this before, but it's true some of them are pink as far as beauty in their 30s Maybe even 40. I think it's backwards What Men have a longer shelf life. No absolutely not Listen don't be telling me about men. Okay. I know all about Jason get Rick syndrome So what's most guys good 25 no matter how would they look before they start looking pretty margin? Okay, that's you are because they are working. That's why men die earlier too because they work their ass off and women And all that testosterone too. Oh, does it You stick to your women. I'll stick to my men. Oh, that easily, but you're okay. We can agree on that and Moe he can stick to he can just stick it Science 24 on breakable 23 heat 22 up in smoke 19 The bird 17 Maggoye is 17 Mohal and drive 16. I'm gonna get that for you too I'll get your Mohal and drive and more zeal. I'm gonna get you the way the gun All right, Momento 13 bridges a Tokor we 12. Donnie Darko 12. I've never seen eighties 11 see how can anybody not see cook was nest Right or buddy. Well, who's our list? I think that's the one that's pretty universal at air everybody has seen that But 11 people never seen none of these. Oh, it's holy grail Even no, I do want to have a lot of people don't know for money Python. I'm sorry I know that great burst your bubble, but it just happens to nobody. I know Jacob well That's your crowd. You know it. Jacob's ladder 11 Jeepers creepers 11 Lord of the rings One eight screen seven the vanishing American version seven legends of the fall four less than zero had three and seven's got two That's that less than zero three and seven two seven come 11 800 plus votes. We'll get to our thousand easily today And I think that's what we'll do a better fact is to air during the break and it will change the pull once we get to a thousand on this pull How's that all right you think? That's to anyway this article about jewelry women I just thought you have all people would be so happy, but it's much too long. It's on our website Is it not Josh about the Lieberman and step with GOP and how to run the war that's right from common dreams.org Where's the thing about move on dot or where the hell is it? I can't find it Well, it's in here says too long. You article about how he's in step with all the Republicans and he's really And move on dot org wants to support his democratic opponent in primary Etc. That's too long I was just very happy to see that the people are finally admitting openly in publicly that what they've been saying behind closed doors You sell out you quizling you Oh Idiot we hate him like poison kind like a jewelry or a David Samson What you know is interesting the one thing about the Marlon organization and the same I guess with all the sports organizations in South Florida And maybe because Wayne has been involved in so many of them But their pubic relations really sucks, you know really I don't know that really bad Everybody hates everybody connected whether was John Henry whether was Wayne who wasn't in business for the fans It was in business to make money. Yeah, I did it like that. You know we the hostile and now these are two guys, man these carpet beggars WQAM hello not there online one mark that down. It's a glitch QAM hello 2 am Yes, sir Winners the most as you heard the moment yesterday was all over gold because goldie Went up to lunch with a buddy of his and when the cat came He said he forgot his wallet And the other guy has to pay for the meal. Yeah, and I mean Messic continues. Guilty or grimmer. You know they both were pantherin answers you must have them confused, but you'll forget my wallet trick I guess no was a rag it on everybody yesterday. That's just bad. Well, can you come on? We want you to be part of the family. What do you say come on? Don't don't don't don't don't even though it's a very dysfunctional family. There's a lot of hatred involved just to come on and hop aboard I guess maybe they had that sushi lunches sweet maybe didn't turn out all that well nobody tell us nothing Everybody is mum and our guarantee most of our audience they even a people at hate they hurt like poison They were on that hero website this morning. From the minute they dragged her ass out of bed They ran to their computers and they clicked on a hero. They went to very jackass and they skipped past the part where it talks about Various mommy and his brown bag lunch and his bloney sandwiches and they went right to the part where they article is They looked in a scour and it was not non there Well, very you can't keep teasing us like that very hey Barry to ferry you give us a little song to dance about the big lunch between Greg weed and mode this week about they might extend the deal and his mode gonna be around his mode Leave in his mode, mode, mode, mode off and nothing and We have to count on him because we certainly don't get no information from inside and muffy said she ain't even around today Have it say haven't seen her Paris was in the early this morning. I think these people are just screw it off. This is This is ridiculous just because they count on us to get the big numbers and they just screw around a little bit a lot They're here one day to the gun for like three or four or the kids got a basketball game Percent is gonna be gone for two weeks. He's not a vacation now. He's just he's away with the team And I still say it's pretty unusual when sort of broadcasts are taking showers with the players after the game That to me is a button behind the call of duty when you say He can that's what it's all about this. Well I see I forgot about that seems kind of it to me, but what do I know? What are their perks? How you spawning that? 11 pass noon at five sixty we got the mole man And two who's gonna rip you people in ass. He is hostile with you people listen between ten and two The people who call between ten and two the guy who used to be on with him in a morning the beast Joe Rose Hank Unayman he is hostile mole shadow boxes the universe between two and four And then we got mad dog at the hooters and the pines four to seven Curtis and seven o'clock tonight at the K10 That's our award-winning schedule a christian schedule no games. Oh, look at all a golf crap. We got under Marla Look at what we got on Saturday. What is that not? Holy we got Lenny Martes. I had every pay attention to the weekend schedule, but no wonder we got Sirus We got Lenny Martes paths as we can addition with guilty at the Mikasukhi whatever and then we got guilty at the Mikasukhi's and then we got Orlando with the Something at the cash of the day. What is that? Is that a restaurant? I would imagine I get for her to go do No Sirus, they've never heard of the catch of the day. No, but I don't get out much anymore You know something very interesting is happening on my monitor here to this is this is technical This is bizarre It's going black and then when I when I scroll the mouse it takes like about ten seconds before it comes back up again Huh, I'm a regular computer. You talk about yeah. I'm a brand new monitor with my nice computer I don't know I mean it's working okay, but it's a little scary there I mean I was sitting here before this thing says please wait, please wait, and it's flashing and flashing and my life was flashing before my eyes And then I look over here and this thing goes to black So I'm thinking the screen savers on here and I moved them out and black It's like that coffee that Jackie Robinson gave me was really dark black and Sidney Ronny you don't say 1113 there's your girlfriend. What's your name? This is Lundball? Sir that girl you bitch man. We hate you like go pop a pop a couple of odd season to rush his push Armstrong Ford one of the areas fast is growing automotive dealerships. He's business development associates to maintain contact with existing customers by Unincoming an outgoing phone mail and email in order to develop and increase customer loyalty Applicants that have direct customer service and telemarketing experience computer and data entry skills are a plus Applicants must be bilingual and able to work flexible hours. They must be bilingual Armstrong Ford offers an outstanding compensation package which includes hourly wage plus bonuses and benefits You must be ready to start work today Contact Roger Aguayo at 786 295 7887 that's 786 295 7887 Armstrong Ford is a drunk free workplace and an equal opportunity employer God it's why the you Well, still coming up tonight. I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music body to be profile story First it was Band-A How punch of my mass British people raising money for charity? Well, no bunch of linies were gonna make America look bad Not when we could upcheck something like USA for Africa We are Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on we are the world He speaks here through a translator Basically nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich cross-sars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eachator food Oh, yeah, the food for USA for Africa was freaking unbelievable Leave a silly Joel would go on to fame as a drunk driver was also there. They had to shrimp wrapping bacon thing I don't know what they did do it. Maybe they marinated in something but man Go and take you be Lewis agreed. Oh definitely what I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa Was the bovarian men's struttle Who screams teams there as well here he speaks to a translator Basically, we want to sell the bread of stuff ready come to bringing in a bunch of jerk-offs We're going together to raise money for charity USA kick ass USA for Africa It was all about getting food that people who needed and eventually getting it to four people too It's a big juicy something we'll get show business tonight on inside the mind 11 19 a Q a M somebody says a Chinatown which he says a Chinatown All right for today. I said I guess waiting for it on here all the that pulls going to be I just already packed the air for you pull for it with a thousand votes But nevertheless here's the best facts from George of all time It says your screen savers enabled and then George has got the various things They got to right click on your dish time select properties yati I still like down hit okay another bottom it says sin George a birthday check No, tell me it's December 6 is it yeah, it is very good. Oh I mean I had no intention well, I'm just forgot. You know, no, no, I don't know the New year right, but I guess you'd rather have the check All of all the years that's that it's been optional well, I'm gonna send it out this weekend How do you like that A? Let's your heart a big fat one and maybe a check two George would like it oh, we got some very bad news I shouldn't be troubling I did you see the bulletin on there about what happened in Feluca with the homemade bomb yesterday? No 10 Marines killed and love and the Feluca's closed above and it happened yesterday, but they're just releasing the news today Boy, you know what freedom march is it march is? Yeah, yeah, this is getting to the point I don't know what it is with you people out there how much cuz I lived through Vietnam and I remember the whole business and You know We're not talking the same kind of numbers, but it's exactly the same kind of crap I'll tell you what is a crack my her based on a parallelized and unwindable situation that we didn't belong there in the first place and It's garbage and then that's what it is with you innocent people are dying every single day and you know Every time one of these people dies it destroys the families and all their friends and families and loved ones and wives and fathers and mothers and a whole bunch of other people too But don't confuse them with a fact cuz freedom's on the march, you know all these chicken hox man all these draft Dodgers that send people over there to die and haven't got any idea how to get that hell out This is absolutely positively unacceptables what it is and The public says back oh, let's get the Xbox You know I think all you people out of San George birthday check to any like that. Yeah, that'd be nice This is a token of you were like I think more ought to bring in a birthday gift to Gotta come in here and pat you on the head and say I'm so sorry I tried to get you fired it didn't you're okay and here's a thousand dollars you could pat me on my balding spot Yeah, we're just on your balls Five six seven come on let's get these phones smoking baby. I want to get these Maximize the calls we want to minimize you're an am maximizer So my screen savers enabled now. What does that mean? Well, but what would it go off? No, no that's just the default setting for any computer when you get it new You so you have to actively go in there and turn it off or it'll just keep you know shutting your screen them Yeah, well, I want the screen saver to be enabled. No, no, you don't I don't Just more things running that you don't need just turn it off at the end of the show I have to the show just hit the off button on your screen That's the best screen saver in the world. I always do that right? Well actually I don't do that here in the here in the industry We can't afford to be having our monitors turn off when they want to Well, I right clicked on my desktop and it's not doing anything. It's just sitting there right now It's just like the other thing and everything is slow. No, if you're right clicking on your desktop I just did another word Minimize that last property select properties. Okay. Okay. There you go screen saver tan Screen saver. Okay, God. I might as well do this on here under screen saver hit this hit this Little menu for selecting Huh Does he once you hit the screen saver tab you'll hit a little there's a little law like a box there with an arrow next to it Little down arrow hit the down arrow Yeah So like none none and then hit okay None Okay Yeah, I think just blew up you maniac That's cute. I'm going to urge a birthday chair. Well, it's good thing you overminded me because it's a further thing for my mind Normally I let other people do it, but I can't leave it in the hands of others this year Well, what does that mean you let other people do it? Well You'll be somebody like a collar or somebody will call before my birthday Well, why is your birthday was the same as flat riches wasn't it? I don't remember was his number six I think so nice to say no line about it. He'd run you Baltimore, Ali on good volus Well, that's who it was you're the same birthday is a little alienito Maybe they have bottles with like to come and check you out come on over grandma. Tell me to Q a M. Hello This player How many Q a M. Hello My setup my app I don't know what he did yesterday, but boy he must have just He must have lost it. I don't know what to deal is Because you're nearly we like to mind our own business. Okay. We'd like to infringe another people's territory But there must have been something happened between two and four that we just can't handle no mole Come any Q a M. Hello Hello, yes, sir. How's it going Neil? All right Hey, I'm Marie veteran and I want to thank you for all all things you said you done and I also I'm a liberal too You know and I was cracking off The way the way Martha came out and you know, he's a cat and you know this guy You know, it's bleeding men and the metal and most of these people were four right then no Yeah, then when we're snorting coke. Yeah, okay. Let's never great day and get some help Okay, how are we doing on this pool now? And I'll see let me just see if Eric got that thing because it's gonna take him a while to like oh I you know something this man Is just needs to be true Eric. He really is easy. Unsum hero of this show John takes all the credit for the computer stuff, but Don't you yeah, I'll take it. No, I mean Hey, how was that? 868 now 132 volts. We're gonna switch I got 867 All right, it's just the end. I'm gonna wait because I turned off my screen saver Now, let's just see if it doesn't if it doesn't do that no more so in order is what I'm done I just shut off the monitor monitor Monitor. I mean that's the best thing anyway. I mean your tube is gonna cook even if you're just displaying a like You want to cook. Oh, I sure hope not So if you want to really Extend the life of your monitor just turn the damn thing on yeah, while I want no monitors dying I'm especially this is a nice expensive any C one I got here is a real nifty neat one, you know That's just right on top of my neat new HP computer But I'm trying to be old octopus monitor to sit in here for my divi my divi and what I do it VV these The DCS This thing works just fine that great the way it just took a long time the blood came back like like wildfire Yeah, you're all fragmented Would it was thought should like defragment? I don't worry about it I know that take that takes forever sure does because I've done that with Pewders before her defragment Hey, and why would I want to do that with this thing anyway? Don't worry about it All of these so much fun to screw it up again. Yeah, would How many Q I am hello Come here. Yes, sir. I never hated anyone on the radio before Till I heard mo I hate mo I hate mo do you do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I Do I am hello I'm here. I am yes, sir. Hey, yeah, can you tell George I found it? Oh God, please please listen if you want to date with George if you got a couple of thousand maybe He's fall on tough times. Maybe you know at the right price I'll just have a session W to Q I am hello To I am Fuck Rick bandage Oh yeah, but we all hit it. Yeah. Oh, yeah real hard banged it claimed it That's a good point to take the break I think Yeah, we're how we doing on the pool of the movies where we could put try to town on there, but if you want but why even bother because we got eight 868 we did it just froze at that point. I think you know really froze up my screen server you froze up my a numbers that's how I do 869 I'm pouring it by the ones which is probably good. We don't want to get to a thousand too quickly because if we do that 87 and the pool and we get to a thousand you're gonna like plots when you see that the newest bowlers Could I know before I'll plots right over but I'm like it. I like that when I like a little offense food now in it This is real 562 I I I Following is a test of the FEMA alert system this is only a test What happened where this was only a test? It could have been an actual emergency you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days give a dick Oh This fall to bad taste in new heights now they're taking it 60 underground in Funeral questions Well, there's the Davis family that looks like a classic service to the Olai family's one is gonna walk you think How do we pass up an Irish way it's the drop dead how many sequo does the year? Funeral crashers This is an interesting. It's a really sorry for you Yeah, really So do you want a sister maybe a daughter? Perhaps what they explore to get a go at the states five more than a head Olin Wilson they say we only use 10% of our brain I think we only use 10% of our cure in funeral crashers Still what season can tell me soon to a part of the That's a new American battle anyway, right? What is it? I'm dying out of the hands 27 old and so here's the Astoria on the dead marines Yeah, a roadside bomb through the kill 10 marines while they were on foot patrol near Faluja The marines are from regimental combat team eight second marine division 11 marines are also wounded the incident for them have a return to duty the improvised explosive device the iED What's fashion from several artile reshales the marine course said this brings the total number of US military deaths in Iraq 2223 but who's counting 2123 Edith goes on and on and you're just like Vietnam and the body bags and of course only this time We don't get to see it and then the story was even on NBC news last night that I talked about yesterday About the propaganda that we're spreading they were paying with so-called journalist and Iraq the newspapers They were planting stories the Pentagon is to uh, you know lies some of them true most of them not And like I said if we're doing it in this country, why don't sure we be doing it over there? That's right propaganda no more news just propaganda But yes lies and the Democrats are but I mean but I would but not fail there like oh well We're trying we're trying to grow up here We're watering them every day like the chief pet and seeing a panther grows 884 on it pull 100,000 I would say like right about 12 30 is something like that all right 567056 you'd want to get a lot of your calls in the day because there's a lot of a lot of strong feeling after about the bad panther crowds 5670560 in town and about George's birthday coming up on Tuesday Yeah, how old are you gonna be on Tuesday 41? Oh ancient and Listen chronic John was cross-dancing and go away and it was this pull as close to the okay We check it off in her little while stop at a pull adding okay you gravity nuts with your pull evictions Stop at a baloney That that guy Seriously The fast machine is just like the phone There's a little bit of good no shit, but he's a little bit of good stuff But I would say a large percent large person Bad Is just chronics would no life over and over and over Please pay attention to me please go away. I pass it along so if they're in stock Carolina John get lost What are the five maybe that's how many I pass along oh? Just good day shocking WQAM hello Yes, sir All right Neil Raj you just start the Boston Red Stocks and the fans in the New York met in their fans now. Okay. Good. We don't care about either one of them WQAM hello Is it Neil? Yes, sir Neil you mentioned the Vietnam little earlier, but I was thinking as well. We're fighting over there After while was like if you guys want to become his that bad screw. We'll just get out of there. Yeah, why don't we just pull out You notice that interesting thing and Vietnam is that we couldn't tell who the enemy was the same thing is true in Iraq Exactly, so I know identify the enemy 30 years later Those guys aren't exactly our friends The nation's now right yeah, so you know I take it out neighborhood's in LA anyway the Vietnamese. That's true I'm never a triveton me's cuisine have you just in San I don't know the difference to be very honest with you I mean Thai cuisine is like I prefer Chinese I'll be very up front. I like Chinese food better Thai is okay. It's a little I don't know spicy side. I'm not crazy about Thai now I coconut Thai don't eat off banana. I mean not not banana but tribe banana peanut butter You peanut butter or nano all Elvis would be so pleased to be back. Let's bring it back. Come on Elvis We know you're out there working somewhere He likes his peanut butter nano sandwiches. Yes, he does but Vietnamese food and Korean food. I don't know what that is I know kind of a little animal. I think I could be huh. You go to the Asian market No thanks. You go there. It has somebody QIM hello Yes, sir. Hey buddy. I want to tell you I'm down from Detroit you hear here. I'm here. You're great. Yes, I am I mean I what do you live in Detroit sir? I used to live in Southfield in 12 mile in telegraph man Oh man. War missel 12 mall War missy and Warren Michigan. How about Warren Maccomer. Amen You're great. I'm not tell all my friends. I mean I know you don't hear towards the guy Any crowd you can see. Listen. You guys. You're great Missy. I am okay. Thanks for the second round. Here's from Detroit. I'm great. How do you like that? I'd be big in Detroit with a 20 white folks who live there and maybe a couple of these dark folks 567 Detroit used to be a great city before some people decided to burn it down. In fact, I'm so inspired I'm not just played that whole soundtrack today. You know what? What kind of I love that? I might watch it again this weekend Just before I send you out that small check. I watch the twice Yeah, it's gonna be a couple of fewer zeros on a check this year times or tough. All right, then no, it'll be the it'll be the usual very generous amount I take care of everybody. I might even send Josh a check this weekend You know I was going I saw my pile I guess the maid decided to move some of my CDs Which I wish he keep her pause off all of my craft especially in this room stay out of here bitch We're gonna have you deported My building they got all these illegal alien maids, but anyway My room chill after about it's true I saw there been Harper CDs that you sent me and I thought to myself I came in here like to flip the music on for your city pulse the audio and Before I went and a shower and I was thinking to myself that Harper is so good and his music is so bad Yeah, what what is wrong? He's got such great talent and he he Maybe he's got bad taste. It's you know some people can sing and some people can write and some people can do both and he can't Well, I don't know whether it's the writing is a problem. I wish he just sing all the motons We've got somebody to write them some good songs. Yeah, and don't ask or man. He he melts up any time I sound And of course, we'll talk about time hey talk up If you want to see a great movie over the weekend you bored did go out in the rent or buy or steal standing in the shadows of motons If you're you don't have to be all that old if you just like moton even I think Josh might like that movie Don't you know maybe don't like moton. I'm sorry too many black people in it Yeah You don't like moton really? I think it's just fine. No, that's not an answer I ask me if I listen to it on my personal time. No, I don't have a problem a lot of time listen to it But like if a song came on I heard it through the grapevine or I think I think it's good I like to the arena if they're blasting out which are they still playing the audio way too loud if they macarina If I stayed for the game, I'd let you know. Oh well, I mean before the game is when they really crank it up And you're trying to talk to other people you can't even hear yourself thinking it and that's part of that whole fan I'm friendly atmosphere now try to tell them year after year just like I had a ton of off the goal lights You know when he first built the place to say when a goal is scored in that look these they have like a little tiny red light about the size of a Christmas red light You know behind the goals I said I don't think that's got a cut-and-bois You're gonna have like big flash and lights in there so people are the goal square that's part of the excitement of a hockey game Oh gee well Wow And they let me pick the goal lights. The next year remember that right like I was the only one in the whole crowd Ever seen a hockey game before there's something really wrong in South Florida, okay? Let me say it again Selling hockey to South Florida is like selling halva in Ethiopia just ain't all that big It's like selling canoes at the North Pole. I do love that chocolate cover canoes from door This New This is Hey Will you who am where they're very build them all and they don't come any better than Todd Keller Bush took with slumps of beauty After Michael Brown resigned I bet you're proud of second thoughts About taking it in the behind where was FEMA Broken ladies FEMA wasn't a rare insight Fina Even with warning the FEMA's boss was in bright When the scum was over Water was everywhere But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beach you there they be FEMA No, but contract they went to halva button Fina Response more quickly when a switch people hurt When a switch people hurt Absolutely It's 14-0 to QA and happy a Friday December the 2th my god It's already in of course once we get in the last part of the month nobody's gonna be working right it's a George Right and then you're going to have a case anyway so like I said no It's gonna be we're gonna be the Josh Corbin show. I'll be going on vacation. We'll soon too And where are you going to you Addle? when's this The 12 so two weeks Sounds like 10 days to me sounds like a weekend a half So that we Monday if you ask me a nobody tells me anybody these things and who we're gonna have it in your place Please don't tell me Robert Grip or I'll be on six Whoever you want I guess Yeah, whoever I want it'll be a surprise every day. I think a surprise every day or her Two men are in police custody after allegedly robbing a McDonald's and hiding out of nursing home roof Today Hi, I leave police. They don't men held up the McDonald's at 29th street in 4th Avenue. I'm 11 30 last night Police said it then rushed into the store or did everyone inside again on the floor And two big max they stole $2,000 and fled the scene One man was found on the roof of a nearby nursing home Police hit a man shot at a glass door to get inside the facility and he's the letter to climb up under roof They ran they hit under roof. They actually shot to a glass door and ran through a hallway Lieutenant Mike Miller roses said luckily we had a lot of officers here. We set up a perimeter quickly the suspect stayed the perimeter We were able to lie out of the idea Police say they found some of the school in cash news and nursing home and some wrapped in a sweatshirt near the K9 police dog printing facility in the area K9 Okay Pretty excited stuff going on in a highly a that's another place that nobody ever wants to go to no mo Don't go to high a liya unless you either lived there or he is somebody force you a gunpoint Right once the last time you were in high a liya. I'm once lived there. I told you that right next to what used to be my meal Ice school right High a liya. I can't remember what I'm gonna dump you place that one. I bet you pardon. I can't remember the last time I was there My time I was there was a highly erased track Years ago whenever that was when they were trying to save highly and remember that and the flamingos They were blowing a whistle. The flamingos were marching and there was nobody there 56050 five says kind of like the hockey aim my sniper was nobody there You can lead a horse to the water, but you can't make a race. I'll tell you that and highly is a perfect example Thank thank you so much for turning that place into a toilet mr. Brunetti into an absolute toilet Oh God Remember those concession stands down at the grandstand all my goodness If you thought the food was and I unaffitizing the people serving it up were like really something I can't say the word How we doing on the poll now 914 old bean Pretty soon have our 1000 on their nose switch to the weekend pool aren't you excited about that? 9-8-old And I'm sure glad that somebody told me you were at that screen save it. That's opinion the ass Eric was a little bit figured it out Did he? Yeah, he said either as guy has got a screen save right Yeah, but how come that that doesn't explain to me though how come it was going to the black for like so long no usually when you screens a Versanue you like just tip your mouth a little bit you just touch your mouth right and Like he gets back on the screen, but this was like just stuck there on black I guess it was touchy that way Don't you think maybe it has something to do with that pull we took the other day about Rosa Parks? I think it all ties it Come in to Q a m hello Oh, she that was gonna be a little color to online to I could smell it Come in to Q a m hello Robert churches No, that's not good now because now because somebody Q a m hello Boy They are abrupt somebody Q a m hello Hey, I want to make the same with her quite yeah, can you play the thing where the guy calls up the complaint about the year gay? No, you mean remembering Jones now that is so all good god I just played that the other day tonight. I just played that whole damn thing. You're gay There you go. That's enough. That's your that should pass if I him Put it back in your pants Reverend Jones who come down Somebody Q a m hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't like the hitting the cannon ball run. I think Adrian Marbo should have won in the Lamborghini I agree Okay good turn to raise Somebody Q a m hello Hey, man Barbol by the way. What's the big deal with her what show is she on a green Barbose? Huh? Oh, that's what it was mod next one of the reasons I hated the show besides Be Arthur and the husband and her other night. It was great sure Why you liked Adrian Barbol when we were both younger and and her boobs were you know at this level instead of where they're at right now Yeah, I think this is drives that show perfect man mod. Oh the long time ago. Geez. Oh god. It was mod. Do you watch that show? No, I thought we're talking about Adrian Barbol. I don't have seen it That doesn't count as well. You seen it. Well, maybe that's why you liked it. How many Q a m hello? Hey, they call you dead yesterday. Yeah, I Can't imagine David and then our lady bird South Pickin' my foot. Yeah, that's that true David. Nibba was must to he's too dignified for that He probably stole this fingers afterwards. Oh and and what maybe he maybe picked lady Johnson's butt Lady bird A tree a shrub and a bush that's why they called her lady turd WQ a m hello Oh, I like I said you got a grant and quick today or they're like off to the races maybe they're going to Hailia WQ a m hello On the metro where I look goes to Hailia WQ a m hello right through Hey buddy You go to Seattle should take a 15 minutes plane ride and go on over to Victoria Bc Right now you're talking Yep, yeah last four Josh bring your pass of Harto Got it. I'm gonna pass a harto screw that man. He might be able to take a little boat Oh, I want to get a passport, but it's like 130 bucks So I said what I said I don't need a ring Generally speaking you don't need one depending on where you're going into Canada We just your versus heavier will do you got a versus a good I got a copy of it that might do check when you get there They do boat tours out of there all the time. Yeah, they probably don't don't have to have a passport now He doesn't want to go in you get a passport. I'm trying to write now with all the big bucks They're gonna start paying you next year with your your raise and all those extra sports updates You're gonna be traveling the world you'll take your lady friend or not Leave her home actually when you can write down a what hey now that you're doing the website Don't they cut you in on all those options games that they do but you got a percentage I think I am burst them out of those options games You didn't I did there still doing that? I don't know no, I don't think so. I think I am burst them out of that way Wait wait take a look at tomorrow's schedule man. We got we got games that have been invented yet Panther game on hurricane's game on 13 60 and pancies on five 60 and we got something on Uranus and oh Well all over the place And you want to see that's what they're doing a busy selling spots at all that crap How'd you like to try to sell those pancer games? You want to buy a spot you guys? Come on. I think our Howard 50 set what you said how about First pot of the panter game, but they give them away free for a Gelney, but you might like a live endorsement, right? WQAM hello Yes Yes, sir Let me see it again. Yes, sir. Yes, I HW was also in Swamp thing, wasn't you? Yes, and also one more thing How about tytony if you get a chance that if not it's quite they you best it? All right, I'll go start not again Yeah, that's a start of the soft on cat at the wrong foot this morning, okay? This guy just doesn't understand it. Maybe he turned in late. Okay, that's start this off on the wrong. Oh look at that I'll go and I just cute up something we can't play It'll make you something the weather it says No, it's we started out a spider You Brass dude It's Friday You Friday Yeah, I leaned something on my mouse again and a queue up about 45,000 though So to get rid of it, I you know turned off and rebooted my DCS computer here Which you'd jam him takes about five minutes and it took a what hour Their booze he at the excitement level when that thing finally went off the police wait and this nice colorful blue and green and red screen came on I thought to myself Oh, there is a god Oh, that was that was the emotional Because you never know when you do the computer is you never know for sure exactly whether it's gonna come back and be like it's supposed to and configure Or whether it's gonna just Croc on you in fact it could still be fly from please wait Come at a QAM hello Hey Neo how are you today? Pretty good, paly A long time listeners since 1979 actually Oh my god I actually got lucky with your dating and mating show back in the early 80s Well congratulations to you Anyway, just wanted to say last summer you one of your polls was what was your favorite eldest song If you didn't last summer I just thought a good poll would be some of the Beatles fan would be What's everybody for Beatles songs and they're recording? They're recording. They're recording. I'm sure we did that but we could do it again I don't think you guys did the Beatles, but oh yeah. Oh, okay. I bet you George's life on it All right, well anyway, I thought it'd be a great poll since the Beatles are an interesting group and they did a lot of great I'm glad it's a first-time music. Yeah, you didn't want to rely on my daughter really interesting. Okay, thanks, paly. Okay, have a great soon What do you think Beatles favorite song? Hey for a back ride or huh? I mean I love the Beatles, but someday when I'm in a beat-lead kind of a mood. I'm not in a very mood today I'm not in that whole thing. Although just you're a cardee now. What if he's kid the palm of cardee not is not I'll be able to I'm very fun. You never know I want to get rid of those pictures on those websites So you saw who that's bad for my image okay, it's not good Not good those are in fact if he looks like that right now. I'd say oh boy All right, wait, huh? Wait, except you only some kind of a fruit cake would He has a little like some kind of a fruit cake to me, but nevertheless he's gonna real pretty and his old age 5 6 7 oh 6 the good part of it is the 8 nobody after knows who that is which is good What's his name again Joe? Oh, comeville with Joe McCartney W2Q I am hello Yes, sir Yeah, yeah, I do have a blow-up doll. Oh, no, the air says we did that Beatles poll already. Yeah, I know we did Thank you Eric for verifying, but did I just say to tell you guy we already done that been there I said that yeah, I wish I ever saw my back. I mean when it was coming up for you So how many votes we got on this thing here? We got nine nine 27 So why what do you got? 926 see I'm way ahead here. Way ahead of you guys because you got better internet. I got 932 How about you Related on I'm 32 So anyway, we'll be up to a thousand pretty soon. I'm just stupid and he did this poll about the movie and the exact I don't know why Goes to show you it and how do you account for taste? Sometimes we do a poll that I think for this is really crap and all of a sudden you're like 80's living people of calling in and they they go nuts I think it's a very good point because if you like movies if you end a movie the ending is the most important part isn't it Yeah, so that's that right it's like sex all a four play is fine, but the ending is the most important part But I guess maybe these people just maybe they enjoy a bad end Is real Roger That's them this is 516 Oh How did it end this portion of the new Roger's in 12 to one hour is brought to you by 1112 We'll talk about six seven eight month 1112 So I says a pizza Oh Welcome to the 70 of annual more Howard spelling beer Oh It's a ready let's go I rate mr. Bush your word is clan destiny like is in clan destiny operation I and I Okay mr. Clinton your word is monogamous pretty R T U Not even close okay senator can think you were to surprise Yes, yeah, who the hell pick these up anyway see age I B-A That's wrong But you find what I uh, don't get drunk off that anymore I thought it was up in immunity to a sex looks like the feels been now to two people Let's start with raw throw you have an easy one please spelled government Hey, sample let's go to the chat here. You've got s A T Forcible count Anything to watch that's what it's about to hear out and mr. Strime time and you can win this thing if you can spell the word You can't complain it 560 WQN here's the final pull result. I decided to pull the plug another one. I didn't like it They hurt Can you get that feeling? Well, I think it's been like it all right 934 and it no good get no mole what movie had the most unacceptable ending let's go from the bottom up Less than zero and legends of the fall four. I guess they like the fact that Brad Pitt died. It was just a fishing accident 7 6 we can have read and that interesting a Brad Pitt had two of the bottom on three Scream eight lord of the rings one had eight the vanishing the American version 10 the bridges of Toker Retwelled momentum at 13 Donnie dark oh 13 house Teddy doing check of slatter 13 Tapers creepers there's wally and mr. Peepers 14 The birds 18 Magnolia 19 well Holland drive 19 up in smoke 21 heat 25 unbreakable and I've 26 I've never seen any of these 26 house Said signs 20 new I What's the planet time in America had about 30 man AI had 33 monsters balls had 36 the village 36 good fellows 36 Money 5 out on a holy grail 41 vanilla sky 45 1 flow over to cook was nest 56 War the world 68 contact 71 Lady dollar baby 79 and in first place with a comfortable cushion the Blair bitch which project You know something anybody that went to see that in Jordan George you deserve which a god How do you know what you're my as we are the the all the economy against the new economy those witch doctors on a gambling channel the same thing It was a horror revolutionized filmmaking and these guys with no experience and they went out there with their little camera Yeah, I Was the world anyway most of them would their cute can The new polls up I'm gonna talk about it for a while. We'll let it build some votes. I've ordered for Taco Bell Back down in the mood for Taco Bell right now about it for Wendy Huh You voted for Wendy's yeah. I like Wendy's a lot of the burger joints here. I like Wendy's a lot the best and I thought I could have voted for Taco Bell If you go to Taco Bell you won't smell As opposed to the go to the career village. Oh As a lawyer and a Reagan justice department Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito played a leading role in devising a legal strategy to overturn the landmark Roviway document abortion of rights case documents disclosure Wednesday show Alito are you an 85-man random of administration solicitor general that two pending Supreme Court cases were an opportunity to advance to goals of Overruling Roviway and in the meantime of mitigating its effects and a strongly awarded 17 page legal Analyzation Alito recommended advancing administrations all the McCase against row by defending state regulations requiring doctors to provide women seeking abortions But information about Feetle development the risk and unforeseen detrimental effects of the procedure and the availability of adoption services or paternal child support He is a row of the way killer is what he is, okay Who's probably gonna in a spare time you know how we got the Scalia that goes up duck hunting? Yeah, but just you are probably goes out hunting abortion doctor in a spare time wouldn't surprise me It's important facts The last American version for you for the poll. I told him with that too late. Yeah, I sorry you lose Right 560560 pound five 60 leave a rise in singular wireless lines. Come to QAM hello Okay, sir. I'm not an idea for a woman. I know you haven't had yet who's your favorite Howard Howard has been how a shallow murder Howard the duck Howard the most See just in other way taking a gratuitous shot of mode. That's all it is. Sorry, Mo. Are we sorry? No, we're not no, no That's all this you people are fixated you have sest and obviously you're listening. That's the most amazing part You're listening between two and four Which is fine. That's what we want we want you listen 24 seven every wiki moment to QMS exactly what we want I think guaranteed that he was gonna be taken some shots at us or anybody right we'd all be listening We would that would be an osecment speak for yourself, okay, sir I got I got a big lunch to eat. I'm not sure what I think I'm going to tackle bill now I think I talk myself into it not a bad idea and a sunny shining look at this word in this come from This is the first time I seen the sun here in a long long time in a crackers age And it's already you're with the temperature is I Exactly what it is although we are supposed to make it to 34 today I don't think we're gonna make it that up but the sunny shine it's one of those days when it looks beautiful sitting inside and look at outside And you can see the smoke from that big smoke stack on the top of that building over there. It's just a beautiful day in paradise Somebody QAM hello Yeah, sir, just I don't hold you Why Come on you can do a step out sweet heart. What do you say? I'm something about I really hold you. I don't know what to least battle. Somebody QAM hello Yeah, yes, sir. I'm for stickers. I'd like to say yeah Yeah That's a fault. I'm gonna have that for a fault. I'm for stickers are like the same Okay, can I suggest something to you sir? Yeah, sir. It's a new material you call it every day And of course I have I just like I'm doing now you're an idiot coincidents For a second time I like to make you're an old coupe. We don't want to talk to old coots Who thinks that you're very creative and very funny? You're not even you're just annoying you're an annoying old coot My person I like to see your ass in a box. How do you like that sir? I'd like to see your crusty old ass in a box or on a bug and Brad Pitt ass What's in the box? We can say that all cool with his bumper sticker and you know what we'll even stop a couple of bumper stickers on it Yeah, that's good good idea Eric also says we did the who's your favorite Howard told All we did one who's your favorite one Howard? Yeah, I know we did that already Look, I'm the forward doing now about the fast rule. We've had a couple of times and there's nothing wrong with Go back and repeat for my god a ones that are just gratuitously designed because you people want a half all over Howard's fat ass Absolutely call up Howard and telling you want to jump on his fat ass and see what he says to you, okay? They'll probably say it's a loot mark you just said WQAM hello It's the time for the shock martin show WQAM hello And the ever unacceptable That's yesterday's plus over with your way behind the time He'll be a hip-rit at guys house. Let's get the bumper stickers, okay? You can suffice on each other's back. Oh, yes You people are pathetic if we don't give you a poll idea to latch on to how about how much the master's the last week's poll? I don't know what else they were, but they're all fine them Good godly Miss Molly that is just pathetic. I got one hang on Yeah, I don't think you do got one. I think that's your problem You think you got one maybe you had one, but it's missing, okay? I call a police reported missing Just like that bitch in a room. You know, they're starting that crap up again now They're starting up again. What did they find a shark that had been I don't know? I was in the drugstore yesterday I see the inquire or front page. She's alive that orders a lot more of exclusive than I see on Supposedly there was some phone call between her and mommy. I don't know and then last night MSNBC I'm channel surfing and there's the mother-in-gain With that Dan Abrams, he's just wants to step away from we to cause me cross me Would I have said with you a rubric chick and her she or two in a rubah? Anybody that goes to a rubah deserves to get kidnapped raped beaten murdered whatever and that's my comment, okay? If you go to a rubah What about drug? Can you get drug the two? drug the slung Bung drug Hello Robert churches now get no good Q a m hello Hello in Yes, sir Oh, yeah Two things I wanted to say first of all every time I think I'm can't hear a funny a parody of the song Folka or what's main comes up with it? Oh, it's a right does it he's amazing and a poker delric That's female one you've played before we just did several yeah, and then the All the time you got no early and I was important entry on the poll it would have been old. Okay good Yeah See I'm messing with their lives now because they're changing the full image stream and they're just so slow That when they just catch up to whatever we were doing before it's like oh no, there's no one out there. Oh When you're talking about what to pull on there by a 30 last night for crying our lot people had until almost until noon today To come up with bad movie endings. Okay. That's done. We don't care about bad movie and he's no more we don't care about good movie endings I would care about is the ending with that poll because we didn't even do a thousand votes on that damn thing so I thought he's like they hated it In fact, you know something that should be a staple put that on today's done the new one and the bottom of the poll and on I hate this poll. Okay That's guarantee to guess maybe 2000 every day. I hated that's I might whatever you know what it is they hated I think that Joe are grao and what's his name? Who and David Samson. I think that that's the epitome of what South Florida's all about I thought it funny the great hate city of Miami and the Marlin organization and Our bucks are carpet badgers and he don't know what he's doing. He's an expert and they're all screaming the only other in the meantime That could be no no stadium This is not gonna be like the end of the Wayne saga because one thing about C Wayne was local He knew what was in everybody's garbage But these guys, they're you know, they don't know what they'll what strings to pull. Let's straight like on a Mary and that you don't say in Josh I'm Mary and that like in that movie. Yeah, right? Team team washer world Nazis All right, I've smothed heads voting of course very important events and seeing Iraqis vote to find out watching all those four women with their burgers on us always very Enlightened you see that 12 minutes pass no to five sixty women you're unclean you're unclean cover yourselves Okay cover yourselves because if we identify you we might slice your head off All this crack that goes on in the world well the Bible says the Bible that was written by a bunch of ignorant men who You know Let her out a bunch of even more ignorant Ignorances I wonder what if women would have written the Bible Yeah, be a what a different world that might be you know Call it be different book anyway women are quite as blubbster's to use men. I don't think I should be wrong about that We're wrong about that. I'm I yeah Like I said if women would have written the Bible we all probably all the men would be did right now Except for like a couple for breeding. No, no, they they'd figure that way But they they'd hook them up like that. They all they'd all hook up with Janet Reno 12 13 and five 60 W Q amp pop at oh park racing is back at poker as well back in business after Hurricane Wilma Feetary and live harness racing in the great poker card room pump and a park reopen today in fact that poker was open right now Investible emission parking are always free of pump and a park come root home a winner or maybe a Whatever root home somebody from the railroad you're poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day You'll also find simultaneous harness tourbret highlight action every day seven days a week from tracks all across the nation all across Canada to a live racing in poker scheduled every Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time 725 PM and the card room opens at noon so all the action is back at pump and a park which we're thrilled to say Oh because we'll look at it a really bad blow Pomp and a park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for more information or the corporation schedule call nine five four nine seven two 2000 or go online at Pomp and a park calm Pomp and a park horsepower and poker you can bet on card room is open right now as I speak racing tonight 725 live racing 725 tonight This is Neil Rogers This is fiveminded you You I'm not to say nothing is I'm right now you're a birthday check lovely so you can either fill the again there I'll just stop right now no no I got the of the as I got that ginger right as back. Yeah. Anyway, that's what my son's going to know. I know. So, you know, I feel the good. Most of our people can't go to the place. What's the point of putting it on there? Okay? Let's appoint Mike. Thanks anyway. But go have another ginger. Guy, ginger. The best fast food is at Wendy's 22. All fast food blows 15. Steak and shake eight. R.B. 8. Taco Bell 7. I love Taco Bell. I love Taco Bell. Man, give me that for you to supreme with no beans. Please. My name is subs six. A&W before Popeyes for Poetropicale for McDonald's for Burger King 3 subway 2. KFC 2. Crystal 1. Checkers 1. I hate this pool none. Pizza on none. Church is cheating ain't got none yet. How about that killer flu chicken? So we and we got almost done with the post on the new pool already. How do you like that? We got chicken. It's what you get. It's what you get. It's from AC subs. Chicken fingers. What you got chicken fingers? From AC subs. You'll thank you so much. And thank God that I'm in Scott's not there anymore. Right. So whatever happened with that place did be cellar or something was to deal with that. No, I think that that's just a management change kind of a thing. I don't think that the problem would be the most outrageous thing. One of the most outrageous things that's ever happened on connected with this show was when Scott from a Lannys city stuff. This was at Hall of the Time or Super Bowl Time or something. He brings me in a piece of coffee right. To read on the ear, the only problem was that they weren't finding any spots. Yeah. That was hoofs, but as they say. Brought me in a piece of coffee. Wait, did he have a lot of hits? There's Super Bowl plan and pretty sure we're Super Bowl finalists. Super Bowl plan or isn't it? There's a piece of coffee if you would please. No. Everything okay? Everything okay? Things good? All right. Go away, Scott. You make me nauseous. Okay. You make me feel so anti-semantic when I see you. God, 90, almost 100 votes already. I pull faster and you can say, most on a two. You'll be picking on Mono, Mono. So in choir lines, which you're like to, we'll find out. I mean, that's not my choir number one priority. But now that Barry Jack is kind of like, what did everybody's appetite for either suits you or what went out of that lunch? And that's it. That's the end of it. How about mothage? You ever show up today? No, that other? Moe, what's that all about? Maybe he's got a day off. And then, then, some is going on. We don't know about. Clarence is there and no moth. So I would be showing him, hello. Yes, sir. That one's back, sir. That was a finger and that's a pull off of a water pipe. Oh. So that's what he meant. Also, I thought this was to surprise. That's what he's learning for something. Get all the time. He's only for one. But it's been carrying on all your pull. Yeah, that's right. Well, he's got that guy's older than death. Okay, 100 votes. I was wondering about him. I must be him just for burning over him. Okay, well, come here again in a month. That's the guy I was talking about. What kind of demographic? You want us worried about the demographics. Okay, sir. Don't get your nose involved in this business. Once you get your nose in it, man, you're nose starts smelling real bad. Trust me what I've said. This business stinks. It wreaks. It's like a breachies. Anybody out there eat breachies? I sure hope not for our sake. I like it. I like breachies. I doubt it. Although probably similar color. Yeah. WQAM. Yes. 2 AM? Try to get. Let me try it again. Nothing. Selected by my screen. He said something that he vanished. WQAM. Hello. Hey, finally. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Tell me my power. Tell me my turn. How did he call this about the content? rub cookie. He couldn't do any. BRA exercised in after we didn't finish the construction He deserved an option. Yeah. Convenient. I'm talking to somebody. I'm trying to tell you. I'm trying to talk. One here for ì˜ìƒì„. There's a Katke 17-10 ad placement. Er Ums book. Without a date. I could have seen somebody. It goes from one person. I could've seen someone. They could have taken out a couple of books. with Maddie Bills sitting in his land. You know, they're going to go to the way in. Hello. Yaman. Got one for the pole. Yes sir. Just got finished up in my face with a chick for lay. Chick for lay. Very nice. Is it good? Yeah. If we wait the M. Okay. That's what I was saying. He said it's a way no. Got a chick for lay. Do we know how to swallow it? No, they, is that all they got is like chickens sandwiches and chicken, or this fried thing. They got waffle fries, which are really good. They were waffle fries. Yeah. What are those things that we used to buy that they still sell? Those cheese things. Oh man. Those crackers. They're not crackers. They're like two little crackers that put to the shmoor. They're like Oreo cookies with cheese. Yeah. Cheese and crackers. They still have those everywhere. No, no, no. Not cheese and crackers. They come in a, like, sprinkles. They're like two little cheesy, um, wait for us. And they got cheese inside in the middle. You know what I'm talking about? Coming to two, but like, they come in a, Yeah, they come in a, you know, it's correct. No, I don't know. Oh, they've been making those since before, uh, before Mary got pregnant. Got by me. Okay. Somebody will know what those are. Those are really good. You never had those? That they know what. Is Josh, no one I'm talking about? No. Definitely not. Well, must be something for old people. Let's be. Break it back. So many Q.A.M. They're still around. Q.A.M. Hello. They're cheese curds. Curds. No. Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, hey. Yes, sir. He said son, um, what about like, Chris Albert, who's the a, Chris, or white castles on that? Chris was on her reign, no white castles and soft lotus here. That's right. My family's from Submission, and they get the same as if they're for Sonic, and everybody down here the same way. Where's their son at ground here? The only one I've seen is on 70 and 27, uh, central front here, okay, do you? Yeah, that's the, you gotta go to our Katie by the nut house. I like that billboard that got since you got to be crazy to eat here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. You don't know what those cheese says now? That's gonna drive me nuts. They're like, like, crap, but they're not crackers, but like, two little wafer of their cheese covered, like orange, okay? And they're very thin and in the middle there's cheese. Sorry. And they come in a cube. Sounds good, though. They are good. They're really good. They're bad for you to probably throw their trans fats and all kind of cholesterol. And, uh, man, but they're good. Sounds even better, though. I'm gonna go out into the supermarket day. I'm gonna go to Labloss and see if I can find something. All right. 70 QAM, hello. Yes, sir. In America, you said, check out the poll, uh, if you, uh, submit full. Mapful. Yeah? Yeah, you see good or what? Is he good? Brilliant. I just, I just wanted to finish one sentence. What are you really gonna go? Yeah. I know where he's gonna go. Believe me. Same place as George Bush. QAM, hello. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Cheese waffles. What meal? Does that what they're called? Cheese waffles. I think that's it. You know what I'm talking about then, right? You got it, man. It's those are great. Those are great. You know what you mean? And they do come in a cube, right? That's coming up, egg is well. What do they do? Yeah, they might, uh, I see. Why? Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. They made by real wise. He used to be the PD. It's, uh, I was in. And also was the PD a kiss for about 10 minutes till like, cut onto him. Kick his, uh, cheese waffles. Now, you still tell me you've never had those. Never had those. Google it. Don't know. Don't have a picture of it. It'll show like a waffle. See the surface of the, uh, a cookie, uh, cracker thing is waffle. It's like a waffle, uh, thing. Both of them are like, oh, great. Huh? Otherwise, that you, uh, a picture and a recipe of a, uh, the classic lemon charlete roost. So if I said it twice, it's because I, uh, you know, from a bird. Who sent me on what? You emailed it? Yeah. Oh, well, I'm not going to mess with that. On Yahoo, no less? Yeah, whatever. Oh, god. What kind of a Yahoo uses Yahoo? I hate Yahoo. Can't send it to your other email. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, look at it. I'll pick a puked it. But it means time you've got a Google cheese waffles. I'm doing. And I guarantee it once you look at it, I mean, say, oh, yeah, I had those. I'm trying to tell you another thing we used to make croissants. I was, huh? They'd buy croissants, croissants, croissants, cheese waffles. I got the wise ones that they're in a bag, though. Oh, but they're making a difference with what they are. I don't know. I think, uh, the ones I had were wise. I think wise might be made in Rochester, no less. Well, I've never had them. Isn't the, and then wise has got, like, a little owl is their logo. Yeah, the one. Yeah. See, that's what I'm telling you. I think if you, if you Google wise, you might get that. Well, you might get, like, hemorrhids. So anyway, you're looking at, you never had them. I have not. Never had them. I'm looking at them. Oh, although these are, um, they're showing them in a bag. Well, they could be, what do they mean this is make? Are they showing what they look like outside of the bag? Well, they look like waffles. I'm not sure if this is what you were describing though. I guarantee you, what else would I be describing? I don't know. I'd be a cheese waffles. No, they are like waffles. They're like two waffles, cheesy waffles. They're like waffle, uh, uh, they're like, way to be that way. It's continued. Right? Right. Exactly. That's it. Oh, man. I want some right now. They look good. We're on a big queue. Funny, it passed noon at 5.60 WQM. Rich room filling sound from your iPod. We're talking, of course, about the power of the Bose sound, digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod. Like even charges your iPod while it plays. Sound in business says you're bound to love what you hear. And that's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most on the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod. iPod mini. iPod nano. And iPod with video. It's sleek appearance, soundlessly blends with your iPod almost any room they core. It's easy to use even comes with a remote that controls the sound of our system. And basic functions if your iPod can all be crossed the room. Let the room filling sound of the Bose sound dock digital music system delivery. New iPod experience. In Sir iPod, stick that baby in there and hear what happens. Experience the sound dock today. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the sound of the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit more powerful. And the Bose sounds the Bose sound is think and how to sound it is. Yeah. And then, the Bose sound is a little bit harder, The Bose comprar as well as the Bose sound that sounds even more powerful. And now, the Bose Transfilm Sheep it about this. I need to be comfortable. How's that? Well, you know who I am? Of course, it's worth more than I have lived you. Why, I'll have you know. Oh, it's not here. Watch the bed right there. His blood and strip his hide for food. Now, see here. I ain't no tell like a person. You know who I am. I'm more, I wouldn't have even it. And I've made my bones on the floor. Can you make a necklace out of this bone? I'm a person. I'm a person. I'm a person. How many of you want votes on the pool? That's not too shabby. Clif says a Popeye chicken bar none of the best chicken in biscuits. Why people should try it. Oh, chicken in biscuits. Not here by biscuits in gravy. I get wherever it is. Oh, I can't stand on any of those fast food biscuits. Those really dry. Oh, biscuits. Oh, that's for glam man. Biscuits. But the hearty said there's no hearty's in South Florida. Are there? Do they be? Keep going through this. I don't remember if the one is still open. But the hearty says, well, I like that shrimp. We're going to got a minute. Got good touchy shrimp. There's man chicken in Swiss and all kinds of good things. The best fast food is that. We got 171. Wendy's 37. All fast food blooms. 21. Stake and shake 17. I thought everybody hated steak and shake. We agreed that we liked the shakes and the burgers are like a crappy and out. All the meats fall in the part. Then we agree on that. I don't know. Maybe there's some dissenters out there. Maybe they're shaking it. Taco Bell 14. I hate this poll 13. See I told you it's moving up the ladder. Poirotropical 10. Arby's nine. Miami subs eight. Subway seven. Oh, boy. A N W six. Pop I six. McDonald's five. Chick filets. Four. I mean like that we just put that chicken on there. And she's already got four. They're getting a C four. Checkers three. Burger, I should get a get a kind of chubby if you'd dare answer. A little. I don't think I ever ate it. Checkers. I know there's one on this cane there right around the for where you still work. They're okay. There's one right at the street. That's the station. A checkers. Yeah. I'll put it right away home. Work mouth. Right. North. Yeah. No. South. South. South North South South North South South North. That's that's moving in the dead county. Checkers three. Burger King three. Crystal to pizza to and churches chicken. They got none on a 175 churches chickens got the big. Oh, I think I like that. Must not be to rock solid. Uh huh. Church is chicken or it is. You're an Jonathan right. No churches chicken, didn't you probably? Probably. Probably did probably did. I'll be there. Never had none of them. Cheese. Things though. Oh, no. Oh. and she's awful that's exactly what they are they're like little waffles and I see what's cheddar cheese in the inside absolutely you'll be pleased to know your check is in the envelope the envelope is already addressed already got the two of the 178 in stamp signed and the moment I leave here is going in the box well I'd say a dragon will be saying they're saying what's the box that's already spent well good for you that's why he was that they just can wait another few days i'll get over the weekend don't feel what hey well you're already walking in the box you might as well throw it no you're going to wind up your ass is going to be in the box if you don't watch it mister he is such an ungrateful little bastard you know it's just all this booze and screw in there is just out of control you're going to be burning in the hell you better repent and then your evil get ways right now now you'll allow you'll get taken care of that's what duck told me where the hell is he today what's the story with a moan the Greg luncheon where the hell is muffin who's on first and who does got some of them waffle things they've even seen a personal day I cannot believe that you looked on like you googled it and you went under and you seen it and you actually still never got it no they also back and they used to have which I'm sure they don't make any more they had like two little thin patties frozen with the cheese inside cheese burgers okay you know what I'm saying okay I'm trying to remember I give you a you make him in a fried pan and the cheese would melt from the inside oh those were really good and they also had you know how Morton's he's dogs Morton's makes a pop pies which I hate pop pies are strictly for real going the whole made is good but those uh oh gee pop pies well that's fat but anyway they used to have like Morton's little frozen spaghetti dinners in and like a little tray little aluminum tray little tray he'd be having huh yeah you never seen those I must have that was the best right now I'm horny for those little Morton's spaghetti and I don't think they make him normal I haven't seen him in years but those were good and what you would do is you'd cook them like for about I don't know like if it was supposed to be 15 minutes in the oven and you're baking for like about eight or nine minutes until they've got like a little soft kind of like the idea of putting the ice cream in a microwave and so you've got a little mushy and then you take your cheese and you've got to take some cheese and just jam it in there and then put it back in there and finish cooking them with cheese but like all all man time what is with this eating crap I don't know well see if there was a god we wouldn't get fat from eating and then of course the responses well that's man man invented all these fat and they are right yamam okay get out of here when have all these diseases and all these damn nuts and viruses and crap how could anybody possibly be so ignorant is to believe is all the good books as a good book with all those people getting murdering each other and at some good book even a godfather right now with that violent so last night I totally saw on the much-handle was it it was on court TV Canada and then our special owner documentary about the history of the Sicilian mafia which it didn't get into the american mafia all the way it was that it was far bloodier than the american mob mafia's everywhere yeah well when they started all these bodies laying in the streets there and people running around i should be quiet all this other crap that was that mean what i took becai actually peaky is like men as you know i'm a zady like all crap you know like uh i vey like that that's exactly all i could becai i thought it was a kind of violent i'm a good friend i said i thought i was a kind of island you know we're gonna send you asked to polar mullman and then they will fear uh somebody and won't be you so they showed that whole thing and how they finally they finally fear they've cleaned it up all though you know although in fact they showed that there was some private airport that they built their just for the applying to america of all the apopies all they refined popies that there were smuggled from turkey also the crap and a canister they didn't mention that a canister thank god that the a her when the popies growing again that canister we get all the herwin fraud you drug addicts out there is good news the pony till one at five sixty seventy come by the way for the moat it's a good for the bro number of moatets they'll be long and two today mad dog at who doesn't the pines it for a courtesy and a k-rounds at our award winning uh Friday lineup what you want make up no hockey games that's tomorrow 10 thousand some odd and uh and the people tell me when jacis when he was there before the game the world like fifteen people there and then what you said yeah I mean I leave when the game starts and I'm right in the front when you walk in I thought I saw a hundred people maybe yeah maybe it looked like a marlin game from like two years ago not last year when you're laughing about it's true hey listen there were some of those marlin games when it weren't even a thousand people in those stands don't you know and of course the camera man are under life and death orders oh don't drill any shots don't pan up into the stands all the public see there's nobody there and we'll put in the paper tomorrow 10 thousand or something like that or fifty five hundred there's like six hundred people and they're including the usher including David Samson and Jeffy Loria I wonder if Jeffy Loria's shafts at Luria's you think that would be appropriate Joe Arguel by the way hates you both like poisons is your carpet baguess and what is you would die would like you to eat those canolies that you know I wallet left over well that's really something that's so typical southward I've been telling you people that for thirty years now third man hate is our number one specially man hate there's no shortage of it I'm gonna I think I might go to the supermarket and scar at none of it if they're online is that a current thing or is that like a historical current is a better fact the results show to many distributors offering said product all right she's awful's baby I'm telling you like him I can't believe you never had though you know it looks like something that that I would have gotten but I haven't what what does that mean have any I think what they've right east law all these crappy snack foods yeah and even the old arcand weird ones like munchows which I can't even find around it I will admit I don't see these because I don't when I go in the supermarket I look in the snack department because that's all carbs you know I try to avoid that like to play I'm gonna have carbs I'll stick with my ice cream if I told you what I did yesterday you would fall on here I don't want to hear it and has to do with ice cream the ice is having me hash I'm not better not say tell me you just poured it down your pants no I did not I might as well have I might as well have poured it on my uh yeah I'll let you think about it during the world I got that dear what that you ate like a gallon of it no all right no not a gallon but I did eat more than I've ever eaten in every part of my life and you're I put it I put it in the freezer I quite a bit of it I put in the freezer and I debated what I was going to do and about our later I ate the rest of it half a gallon nestle is heavenly hands and you know something where we grab it no it's my blood sugar hydrated it no do I feel sick no I feel great in the sunshine state not even there it's why feel good hey listen when it comes to your feet man get yourself over the brand these shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes brandies is the place to think about when it comes to a puttin some real good the uh starting is good stuff on your tutsies brandies carries a humongous selection of all the top brands like rock port half a gallon rock port floor shime echo mafisto s a s new balance all the others and brandies professionals who fit is will make sure you got to customize video care a favorite comfort shoe every time this as for Arney he'll take good care the pros at brandies understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide widths as well for those of you with big wide fat ones brandies is worth the trip from just about any place in town so don't forget that that awardman in combination for comfort style fit value and selection always thing first to brand these shoes and you'll find brandies in the same great sort they've been doing for years now they're going to go in strong at 1290 no federal highway in pop at a beach brandies open daily till nine every Sunday nine to five and this week is a stupidest time to buy sa issues at brandies because men's of women styles around special sales save even more than usual take 20 30 40 bucks off and selected sa styles this week so be sure to get in the brandies before our cameras on a steal or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandies shoes dot com this is meal Rogers this is five 16 16 16 16 Friday you first fix day are we So far as everything and we would like to see the world in your way. So far as everything and far as everything and far as everything, we hope to shine. It's good for us, for us and on our day. Oh, come 48, let's just make sure his wife don't find out about it. Anyway, what do we got? 200 and some of my vote. 2, 31 and we just changed the poll to top of the hour. How do you like that? That's not too bad. I guess they like this one better. Or they like being right about that they don't like it. The best fast food is it when these 40. I like when these a lot. I'm not going there. All fast food blows 23. Poiracropic Al 23. Stake in shape 22. I hate this pool 18, Taco Bell 16. Well, I don't know this for when I hate this pool beats I talk about. It tells me a lot of your tastes is in your Tush, okay? That is really sad. What's that to like a Taco Bell? Huh? Beans. Well, I don't get the beans tell the whole of the beans. Stick the beans. Schmere the beans. Just not on my food. Subway 12. Chick, Chick, Palais got 11. I don't know where I was with that popular. Yeah, it's good. Pop eyes 11. Miami subs 11. That's, they just need to heart more of them man. Those Chick-filais are hard to find. They're in the malls but other than that. Good luck to you. I'll be man. Think of it in the malls. Sweet, you know, plastic pizza. I'm sure that it was called the orange bowl. I mean, I'm probably going to not around anymore. All the malls had date land. Everywhere had the orange bowl. I had that plastic pizza. Yeah. Never that? I'm sure that's what it was called. Yeah. I don't think I ever had it. But I saw it. I mean, also had what's the stuff that they still may figure out in here in the Eden Center. What's the stuff that I like the drink? Orange Julius. Orange Julius. Very good. All pure sugar. It's like an injection sugar. I'm going to bring in so we'll send you blood. Not as much shit was a half gallon of nestle's. I have a really half. I bought it with the best of intentions. Yeah, right. Yeah. I thought of myself. I have a little put it in a freezer. I'll finish it over the weekend. You know, I had a little here a little. I just I can't eat a little ice cream. I'm just addicted to it. It's like having a little heroin. You know, I bought that bag of crack with the best of intentions. No, that's right. I was only going to do healthy things with it. That's right. Like that 400 pounds at the police. He's good. Well, he was only going to sell the little. I'm trying to do a little. RB's 10 and W eight McDonald's seven, checkers six KFC four killer flu chicken Burger King three, Crystal two, Pizza Hut two and choices chicken finally got a pair out of two. 37. And on a Boston market's not a fast food joint. I didn't think so. I wasn't a fast food. Please put on a pool. They make a really good chicken podcast. This is good. So I'm going to let me tell you again, top pies are for Graham. Okay. Stop it. A pot pie. That's like those. All looking at several court houses shut down in Connecticut after what? A non-specific threat. Don't add that. They're waiting for the state police to respond to a non-specific threat to Connecticut to digital department. How do you like that? Fan, fan, fan, fan, fan. We'll see what keep our eye peeled on this. Anyway, also it says the meatloaf is pretty good. I do like meat. Oh, it is. And they have good stuff. But for example, they're driving window. Yeah, that's just for pickup orders. That's called a right. It's not a fast food joint. If you both would drive you have to call a head to pick up your order or order. Lost in market. I never forget the one is, you know, the place that I'm sunrise, it's right in your my, where my bank used to be. And there's a little little building there. It's, I think it's a mattress place now. Okay. It's been like a dozen different things. And it fails no matter what it is. You know, kind of like some people never were in their lesson. They go to business or other places keep feeling that was a Boston market. On sunrise, right over there, like across more best bias. Right. You know what I'm talking about? Yes, I do. And I remember I had a little controversy with that guy with a manager because he got surely with magazine who I was and I made some comment on the year one day about the service that they're being really crappy, which it was. And he made some well, if you got any problem, please grant me first before you. And the problem is that they never know what they want to be. He used to be called Boston chicken and it was Boston market, which was in some terms. And they just, they don't know what they want to be. And I remember everybody was touting it. It was going to be the hottest stock on a stock of staying with Fred. And the food is okay, but they don't know what they want to be like. And they got all these sides 18 different sides. It leveled off now. They've got it together now. Yeah. They took them all the kind of like figure with only one other side. Because I'm not like big on macaroni and cheese. It's, well, you need it for boys. Sure love macaroni and honey. I could eat a bat of their macroni and cheese. And the dining room, in fact, Hank would verify this and the dining room had calmer. All right. And the dining room had a clubhouse. I mean the cafeteria. Okay. Oh, they got good macaroni and cheese. This is the other problem. Very good. So next time you want to, in fact, when you get this check, take the money out there to the track. You have 20, you know, 100, you've got that. Put it all in one horse. Now put it all in the longest shot on the board. And why? And why? And you can not cut 30 to one shot. But 30 man. I'm like 16 to one. Now they're eight to one. I look for some old guy that's dressed really shabbyly and had that. No, look for less or green here. You'd be good to it. Or maybe he couldn't go up in a press box. If you tell your cards right with the hopper, let's go up in a press box and watch him push time, jica, over the edge. Flight logs reveal hundreds of C.I. flights to Europe. More than 300 C.I. flights have landed in Europe either. Force, a British newspaper said, according to a new adding a new element to planes of Washington's been transporting terrorist suspects to secret prisons in Europe says that the agents, France, press and the Guardian. The Guardian Daily said it seemed flight logs documenting the flights by 26 planes operated by the CIA. The information showed an unprecedented amount of travel by the agency but didn't reveal which planes took part in the alleged prison transfers. The CIA has been accused and reports of using European countries for the transport. They legally tension and torture. Torture. I've respected Islamist terrorists in the wake of 9.11 attacks. I'll rate you to report some out in Europe this week as EU Justice Commissioner Franco-Fartini threatened sanctions on Monday for any member of the nation hosting CIA prison camps on their soil. Goal to your cell phone, okay? That's why I wanted to tell like I would buy a couple of days ago. Don't soil yourself. Oh, I think I'm too late. No, seriously. I know you find this amusing but I just I don't understand how people can smell like that. It's just how do you leave the house smelling like that? They're degenerate deadbeat slime. You don't like the kid. You don't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Remember that? Yeah. And the same thing. How do you walk outside smelling like that? Like death. Good. Golly Miss Molly. You know they say it to me. I don't want to get to graphics. People are still eating lunch but they say at the moment of death that your body just relaxes and then this is all. Yeah. Remember, monsters ball they had a puppy put on a diaper right there at the beginning? Oh, that's right. He did put on a nice diaper. Puffy. You know, two bad dead part wasn't for real. I bet you read just what like it. He didn't watch it. He was 50 times. Or maybe not 50 but. Bop. Puffy. Hey. I'm tempted to play that. You know, I just play it on Thanksgiving. But I'm just tempted to play that maybe again. Because there are a lot of people out there. They wonder. Bop. What does that mean? What do that mean? Anyway, Boston Market. I mean enjoy it. I never had their meatloaf. I do like meatloaf a lot. They're nice. They're nice. They've got like that herbal flavoring seasonings to it. Very really. Yeah. So you kind of get to feeling here. You like Boston Market. I do like Boston Market. Because you can afford it, certainly. Yeah. For starters. You know what? I left off of this pool. What's that? Because it's a chain. I don't know if there's a whole bunch of more. One of the one there on them, sunrise, Boulevard, and Pine Island is it? Are you university, uh, floodwarkers? Yeah. Now would you call that fast food? No. No. Oh. It's a burger place. But it's not a fast food place. It's a fancy burger place. Yeah. The fancy burger place. And like I said, I love that place. But I stopped going on a fairly buttered the buns. Great. What are the buns and boy sure affects my bun? Right. So, whoa. Man, after eight in here, I'm just making a mad dash. Wow. In fact, you know something my mother probably would've enjoyed life a lot better. She would've introduced her to that place. What has started a lot of her problems. I don't know what you've grown at about that was, that was her whole life, her whole life so I set her around at ceramic bull. She wishes, she wished, she prayed, she, uh, oh, anything, you name it. And when your mother tells you that she's taken a laxative every day of her life since she was a little girl, that she'd take a little something. You know? Oh. Have anybody wondered what's the, uh, the, no, you, no, you tell her. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, 16, two, eight, seven. So, this is on, this is not a tomb. It's the one, the two, allah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no-no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ah, ah, ah, ah- Gaza, for you I don, oh, that's Arizona, it's Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'm gonna run this. Oh God, oh God, oh, why don't you look at me suddenly? Oh God, I doubt M cer shortcut that we'll talk about it. Oh, I'm not a cop. Yeah, yeah. Noya One, two, three, and five, 60 WDQAM. The National Security Agency's released hundreds of pages of long-sequited documents on the 1964 Gulf of Tauke and Incident, which played a critical role on significantly expanding the American commitment to the Vietnam War. The material posted on the Internet overnight when they included one of the largest collections of secret and receptive communications ever made available. The most provocative document is a 2001 article in which an agency is storing our give that the agencies intelligence officers deliberately skewed the evidence passed on the policymakers and the public and to falsely suggest the North Vietnamese ships had attacked American destroyers on August 4, 1964. Based on the assertion that such an attack had occurred, President Lyndon Johnson ordered airstrikes on our Vietnam and Congress passed a broad resolution authorizing military action. How do you like that? Go John. It'll be on our website. All right. Vietnam War Intelligence deliberately skewed. Sound familiar? Yeah. Now, in specific strategic and etiquette judicial department, FBI and State Police respond. Dan, Dan, at that close yours of several courthouses in Connecticut. We will continue to work this story and get as much information. Now you continue to work that story. We're working on for you. We're working the story for you. Work this. Oh, and there's that bitch man. I cannot stand her a cure of Phillips. Honest of God. I'd rather see Lou Diamond Phillips and I can't stand him either. Majority says Walmart bad for America. But if so many things we can't stand you. What? Tune into the same expression. I can't stand fill in the black. I can't stand **** and can't stand ****. Let's do a poll. What? I can't stand. Well, that's a good one for Monday. Ain't it? Yeah. We're not going to start it now. I don't have time for any calls this hour and a week. I have my agenda. I must meet my make my, what the hell are you all saying when he came in from the rain? I must make my witness. Is that what he says again? I can't stand. That's the next one idea. What a George man. I tell you, once you tell me it was a check in the mail, it comes through with some good material. That's inspiring. Majority says Walmart bad for America. So you get those cheese waffles and you're going to thank me more than the check. Well, I'm working on that. I'm going to make my curse because you might get addicted to them. You might have to buy a whole bunch of cheese. I'm sorry. At least I'm not eating a half a gallon of ice cream. I just cut some cheese. Is that kind of like a, I'm not sure. I'm actually there as a very, there are very few people out there that could match me for ice cream. We don't have to have those eating contest where I was talking about. They just had that one with the Japanese government of hot dogs and the other one and the worst of all we had the other day. That's what I mean. Oh yeah, that's right. It's a turkey eating contest and that's getting a little runch. You win whatever she did. Very few people can match me what it comes to ice cream. Although it does have to be tempered in the microwave. It has to be nuked a little bit. And then you can almost almost eat it like soup. Ice cream soup. Sure, it's all better than those damn tomato soup cakes that gracious. Make it that's why she got kicked off and show on passions. Too many tomato soup cakes. By the way, is anybody ever seen what the hell is the name of that all come to me? Norma. Norma can't put Norma from passions and we are able to gather same person. Some 56% of US consumer stink law marks grew as in his bad for America. Quite a way of the international police today by one of the retailers. Most local critics, you see how much you better be happy about now, Mr. Just days before your birthday. A lot. The National Polk Commission by WakeUpWallmart.com, a non-funded group that's been pressuring Walmart to raise employee wages and benefits, surveyed a thousand 12 randomly chosen adults on their attitudes toward the world's biggest retailer. Respondents were asked to choose which of two statements most closely fit their personal opinions. The majority or 56% of the said, I believe that Walmart is bad for America. Just like George W. Bush is bad for America. Just like the Warren Iraq is bad for America. Just like Dick Cheney is bad for America. Just like Julie Rubin is, it may provide low prices, but these prices come with a high more late economic cost for consumers. The 39% agreed at Walmart is good for America and provides low prices and saved consumers money every day. Walmart questioned the timing of the poll, which was conducted in November 15 to 18, weekly made the retailers' critics organized events to highlight their concerns about the company and screened a widely publicized documentary that cast Walmart in a negative and very honest light. The poll is another way for them to wake up Walmart to reach out for something to try to validate their efforts because they had nothing else to hang their head on while March, folks. I'm in Sarah Clark, said, oh yeah, you go, Sarah. Not. Walmart, the largest US private sector employer, faces intense pressure at home from unions, environmental groups and others who say the company pays poverty level wages, offers poor health care benefits and gobbles up green space with its massive big box stores. At the same time, Walmart is defending a record large class action lawsuit that charges it with discriminating against women and paying promotions. But you hate to Walmart, we hope that you die. Yeah, you like that. I like it a lot. We hate to even worse than the city manager hates the Marlin organization, those carpet beggars. Planned to allow citizens on planes opposed, I just can't get over that. And the public sits back like, oh, that's it. I think we don't have to go drill through all our bags again. In fact, this movie last night, a very quick scene of it was in LAX and the airport and the movie's cellular. The hotel nearby. Right. And the guy very cleverly, he put into a gun into the other guys' bags so that it was stop and then it come to turn out to fight out that the other guy was a cop. So I asked his LA page, I'm LA PD, I'd leave me alone, he grabbed his gun. And it was a story about crooked cops. Do we have journalists on the payroll? I might like a story like that. It was okay, if it comes on, I wouldn't pay to watch it, but if it comes on, it'll be fun about it. That's all like a piece of it, but that's a lot. We're combasing your end, William H. Macy, and then this punk whatever his name is, he's marginal. But it's pretty good. You will understand though, if you see it, my complaint about the fact that they can't make up their mind, but it wants to be a serious movie or comedy. Now, yeah, there's like some of the hitchhiking movies had a little bit of comedy in them, but that's different. But that's slightly a comedy. We've had a cart-chase, not a serious cart-chase, but like a silly cart-chase. It just, I don't know, it didn't fit in. But it was okay. I'm a scale of five, I get like a three-and-a-half. It's not too bad. In fact, it had three stars on the thing that I had on the crawl on my cable, three stars. Or the reason I watched it. I haven't heard my lesson yet. I keep getting sucked in by the stars. A proposal of a lost small scissors and tools back on our airliners has drawn a stride opposition from Platytenus, families of victims of the 9-11, and several lawmakers. Transportation Security Administration Chief Kip Holly was expected to outline the proposal today as part of a broader shift in airports security. The plan would allow airline passengers to carry scissors less than four inches long, and rents isn't screwed, drivers less than seven inches long. So if you've got a screwed driver or the real sharp end on it, that's only six and a half inches long, it's A-okay. Yeah, just top that they be out and stick it in your bag. Okay. Yeah. In that ridiculous. Yep. In other words, a screwed driver does like seven and a half inches long. How much more dangerous is that than a screwed driver does like six inches long? And what do you need to be taking a screwed driver on your trip for anyway? Oh, you know, just to see. It's one thing to be drinking a screwed driver in first class, but to be taking a one in your goods representatives Ed Markey of Mass and Joseph Crowley of New York City, they didn't intend to produce an introduced abil to preserve the current prohibition on Sharfs' users, tools, and knives, and airliner cabins. Thank God for them. You crazy people of TTSA? The Vorsal Administration proposal is just asking you the next time I have an autopsy move from box cutter to scissors as the weapon that's used in the passenger cabin to planes mark he said. Holly has complained that airports Queeners spend too much time confiscating small orders from innocent passengers. He wants them to focus instead on searching for what the TSA views is a more serious threat improvised bombs on a bomb agrande or pecania, whatever. Like the one at Kerala soldiers in Iraq yesterday, just pathetic. Airlines generally support the plane, so as the pilot's largest union, the airline pilot's association. Bob Hesselbeen, the Union's National Security Committee chairman said pilots think it's more important to focus on passengers in 10th, rather than what they're carrying. Then we ought to have a psychic at every screenings fund every airport, right? What's your intent? What are you going to do with that screwed driver? What are you going to do with that little swish blade? A swish army after the briefcase of a frequent fly, we know very well as a tool Hesselbeen said, a ballpoint 10 in the hands of a terrorist is a weapon. So I got to do an idea when we just ban terrorist on planes. I was just thinking that same thing. Yeah, that was a problem. Is there a, we know what they're thinking? My grandpa feels he says not $200 like you all were thinking. How does he know what they were thinking? He says he though that and the information he always does that. When he gives you the low price of his rotisserie oven, not $350 like a in the stores, not $200 like most of you must probably think it. It's a formula, man. He's got that thing down to a science, pedaling crap. TSA screeners this year, loan of confiscated 12.6 million prohibited items, including 3 million chart objects, quantity, homeland security department, and we know how, we know how they're right on top of it. They've also taken away 8.1 million lighters the only item prohibited by law. You can take that one day saying they've 16 pass the matches, but not the old fashion time. What do they call the old fashion kind of big matches? A wooden knight head in the box, the wood matches. Isn't there a name for those like a blue dot? Blue, blue, blue, a blue diamond. Okay. Speaking of a kira Phillips and the blue diamond Phillips, blue diamond. Isn't that it? Not the brand name? Blue diamond. I think over the weekend, I'm going to go out and sell some moreton salt. I think we feel like a kid again. You ever have to do that in school to run some moreton salt? No, that sounds strange. They've had to go door to door and sell moreton salt. No, they made a sell candy. Yeah. But that's salt. That's what they do now. That's strange to me. Well, that's better for you. Candy yourself. See, this is another ass salt I'm looking at. I'm looking at American youth. That's why all the kids are fat. Like poor, I wasn't a name like Hallie Berry's fat, Trubby Kidder, and a movie. That was sad. He was so hit or problem. He did. Wow, he had a dysfunctional life, okay? He had no daddy. And mommy was like, hand him off and she was always on a verge of getting evicted. Which eventually did. And so I think that was a perfect ending when I sat on the porch. Oh, Jesus, I shouldn't say they sat on the porch. 113 a QAS. This is Neil Rogers. He was still. Oh, double y'all. What comes on for Texas? We have a guitar on my name. All they died in the lazy animal. I race cash with a team okay. I roll to clean up. Don't put the blame on me. As I come from my vacation for a full number of two metines. Swing your partner around the ground. Now go a little swim through the water. Let's stay on the swim to the left to the back. Here we go. Swing a little mud out. There we see no. Oh, good. Trey not. Like in those people, please. To the person that is the end of the pandemic is for their right team. All right. Play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo yo, man yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery ride. All right. Tickery, Dickery, blank. Is it a doc, B, P, C, Marina, or D, inlet? Oh, man. Is it under the question? You're kidding, right? This is $100. For $100. This is the million dollar question. This is the first one. Only for $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah, all right. What do I get? What do I get? Well, we have the Aste audience, the 5050 and the phone of friend. Aste audience. Not too many white people in here. They have 5050 in the helmet. Oh, you don't have a phone of friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery ride. Yeah. All right. Who are we gonna call, puppy? Oh, my boy. Oh, dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty, we've gone. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Melbourne from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? Hey. Got your friend here, pop daddy. Go dirty, what is up? What's up? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? All right. All right. Old dirty. Uh, tough daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. So you said? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. Why? No. Yo, dirty. Fizzes off for me, all right? Hey, man. Victory and victory. Blank. Is it? A dot B p r c marino or D. Italy. Oh, come on man. I don't got much time. I know this man. I know. I should just pee. P you sure? But, but, third man. There's a lot of money, man. I bought third. All right, man. Thank you very much. Times up all dirty. Said, peer. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to call the audience? No, I like to add a lot of fly. I actually know there's only three lifelines. You'd use one you have to let. No, no, no. I get another lot of fly. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shuttoost. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shuttoost. Puffy, use the 5050. What's the answer? Puffy, it's stuck. It's a A. It's stuck. My final answer is stuck. And it's not good one. You go to the home of dollars. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run, you run. Now, why don't you care that Puffy all right, and I'm moving? It's for sure you're right. He had to put on in my two nails and was standing by two. He was one of the observers. Make sure you put on the depends. 334 votes. The best fast food is in Wendy's. This is our second poll. We've made the transition already from the movie endings that you hated like Poison to the fast food that you like a little bit. Or maybe a lot. Wendy's, oh, there's that fascist John Agrapada that butcher. Wendy's 56. All fast food blows 38. That seems to be moving very fast. Poit or tropical 36. Stake in shake. 32. Maybe now maybe their burgers are falling apart now, Mom. Let me pass out of try. Maybe I would go over there and get a little sack. Too far. Too far. Well, you know, when you go to drive through normally you're bringing it home or something like that. Yeah. Oh, well, what do you mean? Normally you're bringing it home. Well, I guess if I was there, I would go to stay and shake. I'd bring it home because I'm a bread around a corner. But for you, eat it on a way home. Right. Have to sell for one of your ear. Have a soda in one hand and then about to sandwich his ear mouth. Valver, rise on my knee. Right. Stake in shake 32. Taco Bell 26. I hate this pool 25 and that's climbing up there. I wouldn't be surprised if all fast food blows and I hate this pool. They wind up one, too. I would not. I mean, I would not be surprised. It ends by. Where's that? I'm. Subway 18, Chick-fil-A 16, Miami, Sub 15, Papai's 14, RB 12, McDonald's 11, and W nine, KFC 7, Chekers 6, Churches chicken five, pizza Hut 3, Burger King 3, and Crystal Saliment Day dose. And that's because there's only the one I believe in. So I'll flow her. That I know it. But there are no power line or something like that. Subway. Remember how it is? I need to find out. In German. I, is number one, I, Tried, but like if you order, I never really paid that much attention to the way the German sick. Because I don't want to make a total fool of myself. I'm ordering like a brat worst. What do you say? I, in scrap worst, you say I. I would have said, but I'll ask John Gers. Yeah, he would know. He's a real crow. He, oh, he is. He's a real star crow. And proud of it. Pilot reports missile fired a jetliner near L.A. X. Remember that plane that caught Shackdown? I mean, that crashed the TWA. What was it? 800? What was the flight? There was an eight in there somewhere. I think we'll see W 800. That the crash they said, but a beep, a loop, but about. And then there were all those, that's several witnesses said they saw a missile hit it. Yeah, and then there was that book that came out that I bought. And I talked about and the book disappeared. You couldn't find it no more. Remember that? F. B. I. H. Isons and Homeland Security officials spent the weekend last week. And investigating the report of a possible missile. And this story is just coming out now in today's, where is this KYW Philadelphia? F. B. I. H. Isons and Homeland Security officials spent the weekend. Last week, investigating the report of a possible missile fired at an American Airlines plane. And I think this is why that one was actually coming out from L.A. X. Sources tell ABC News, the pilot of American Airlines flight. 621 on Routes, Chicago, radio and air traffic controllers after take off from L.A. X. He told him a missile had been fired at the aircraft and missed. The plane was over water when the pilot said he saw a smoke trail pass by the cockpit. F. B. I. is his belief was a flare or a bottle rocket, but they say they may never know exactly what it was. And of course this is the holiday travel and season Josh's going to see it all. I'm going across the pond you're probably gonna be flying home. I'm looking for that check. Right. So I'm saying grab a seat. We don't have to do it. We don't have to do it. But that would be something. I don't think they never tell us the truth. No, of course not. Because that would really, that would never put big kibash on. The airline industry is already on this last leg. And they're all either in chapter 11, 12, 13, 15, whatever. Their off-source is the Chinese say. They got issues. Look at this. Connecticut attorney generals on there, participating about this, a conference up there. And we're, hopefully, removing our attorneys from those court houses. Exactly where you located. You and New Haven, which city you went. My office is in Hartford, but it has lawyers all around the country. Several court houses shut down after a, specific threat of Connecticut. You can use those activities. I wonder if I have something to do with old Julie Romano and the public. I've been evacuated as well. I'm sure Wayne Sanford. I don't know if you know who he is, but then. Oh, he is. We are for the Department of Homeland Security in Connecticut. Sanford is also a notice that the bomb threats were actually cold into the court houses. Did you receive that information? Oh, my God. They were bomb threats unspecific threats made this morning. By telephone to the governor's office apparently. None of this information has been confirmed. Okay, Greg, well, when you will find out, you'll just keep your nose in it. Okay, just keep, keep sticking in there. What's our goal on the second player? 400, we got 354. We get to 400 by the top of the hour. And we'll all take it the next couple of weeks off. What do you say? All right. And then I got news from, I'm about 70 cent of me a check. That's a good idea. But I think everybody out there ought to send me a big fact check. For my birthday was not long. I was November 5. It's not too late. Birthday card would be a little bit late at this point. It's kind of a little warm. But if I check, how? It's a good idea. For my birthday would be good. Or for your new go and Christmas. For all the heathen holidays, whatever it might be. How about at least a 1500 for a start? This is no more. Roger this. What do we have? This is 5. 16. 8. George Bush doesn't care about black people. Absolutely. Don't do it. She came around and closed the other books away. Carry private and though have put dreams. Carry private and though make you the rocker's name. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. The world is so beautiful. Two things I'm pretty about that. That's a very important thing. That whole Harry Potter thing just drives me up the wall. Flip it to the show. You can sew all the crap in fact. It is the easier the cell is. Look at us. All this intellectual crap. All this important stuff. We don't care about that. We want to hear it in a bridge standard. We want some naked pictures. We have naked pictures. We have a gender renewal. Did you hear our cats and hear us speaking of planes? We're about it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. I can't say. I want to see if anybody else speaks to them. I want to see if anybody else speaks to them. I want to see if they're in. What? Why is that? A brought worst. If you're only ordered. No. You said you say on instead of one. I mean, would you take a letter off because you're. So the sentence that way, and English, it's that way in Spanish. I was in Italian. When you ordered a singular object. Do you want to tell me about my favorite fast food restaurant? Yeah. If that Korean restaurant called Greyhounds. Yeah. I'm going to write that down so I can laugh at it later. Yeah. That's, you know, Italian. Uno. Uno, do it. Uno pizza. Uno, uno pizza. Uno pizza. I beg of pardon, you don't say, oh, well, instead of. Uno pizza? Well, so I want, if you want, like, one pencil, un lobis. So I meant, uno, espinna. Don't you remember that? Only one stone in your shoe. I don't think that's been a mean stone. I don't know. I was like, that's like a thorn. That's what the, or thorn in my side. So uno, espinna. That was a bad scene. So I was a good scene in a campway, because that was some of the worst acting, you know, I walked and blew me, that covers a lot of territory. And I'm moving. The other piece was in the Atlantic City, and it would be for the big hit in the Atlantic City. I thought we could leave the government. He's waving his arms like, uh, uh, braw. It was so bad. It was surreal. Like, they actually put this in a camp in the, uh, when you put this in the film, or these outtakes, you know, like, with coke in my brain. There. Well, this was going on. But the scene where he's visiting his old friend. He's saying the states, my ace in the hole. Remember that? Mm-hmm. The, whoever wrote the script, the dialogue. Okay. Can't you see these tools, the scenes? You're my ace in the hole. Yeah, right. Or maybe just an ace hole. We can say that. For no. Yeah. In fact, why, why not? I think I just solved that problem. I think ace hole is just fine. It's a line from Godfather 3, if anyone would like a choice. Ace hole. W to Q a m line. Hello. Q a m. Oh, hey, I got a good Taco Bell story for me. Yeah. Can I talk to him? You talk to him. No, but, uh, I used to work at Fort Amber Delay that a shipping company several years ago. We had a refrigerated cargo containers that came in. And that, they said there were something wrong. Something wrong with the refrigeration unit. We got to open up the container to look at it. The boxes were marked. Taco Bell, you had the great e-brett edible. Yeah. I guess I think I just think I just changed my lungs plants. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 10. I probably were sure Wendy's. And Pomp 5, uh, 60, only Verizon's thinking of wireless lines. Ice. Try. Dry. The only thing we have to fear is fear. Right. W to Q a m. Hello. Hey, what's up? How you doing, sir? Good man. It's a real quick blue. You're not having to me. You don't speak your mind. No, no, I was sure, but for me, bro. This and real quick, I got to speak back and to work. I want to both. I don't think that way, but we've got to both conference. Right. Right. And center. I have a seat of the rate. Wow. I don't know. He doesn't swing that way. Yeah. That's what Louise told about. What's your name, too? Mariah. He's really scary. I know. Amazing. Somebody's brought you. Just don't get the message. I mean, even we know about Louise. So can his predliction. But not Mariah. She was around. You said that. Oh, speak of that South Africa. To have gay weddings. South Africa's highest court is ruled in favor of same sex marriages, which are banned under court legislation. He constitutional court order that parliament amend marriage to what I'll gay weddings within a year and South Africa. All you have for coolers. You have to learn about what I've said. Everybody's the seheners. You have some things. So it's. Thank you. So it's. It's. And I have faith. They say there's got 2 things. Because out of that same Court it moved the Mayor's you have. I have a paper for you. I have a. So thank our heels. Yes sorry Noir in court. But we. But this is going. Yes. So. But what's she got that final tÃ¤Ã¤ on the. register for church wedding at the Department of Home Affairs. And I would like to change. Gay weddings come up in South Africa. So while you are, so that's the choice. You need to come up here to Toronto. Or you can go up the road to Kingston in Ontario. It's good to be a good Kingston boy. Don't sure you'll talk about your on the coaches corner. So tire to him. We've got him. I'm going to tire to him. That's still old act. Tragic. How are we doing on that 400 votes on the pool? Let's see. 387. I mean, this is not even a contest. It's good thing I picked 400. You know what? Seattle had to pick my numbers. And you know, and my nose. And I know, I don't believe you. I listen to both of you. I still don't believe you. All right. Whatever. I got a great story about a bird like animal with dinosaur feet. Did you see this? No. It's about the archiopteryx. I was just telling you about archiopteryx the other day. Well, I got a story about it. And I'm going to do the break. And when we come back up, I'll tell you all about it. It's Skeleton of the Archiopteryx. Let's say reversed it. To a tracetron in current birds. So all you, uh, even with design people out there, all you God squad folks, guess what? You follow crap. Everybody knows it. And quit trying to come into the back door. They got a name for that. Okay. What they say? This is Neil Roger. That's him. This is 5. 62. A. That's him. That's him. That's him. Well, close. And soda. The bill. Oh, show. And pink is a call. Says we've asked the employee you to for us at the word of most popular best of such eyes. But that's not all he's doing. Don't see what we mean at the beginning. I'll have a notorious B.I.G. mask and IT with an IT. What's up, I see. We're there. We're there. That's your. I did drive by the second window. The city is all that and the bag of cheese. Well, we don't sell no chips. But we do have bread fries on our values. They use for all this. Because it's a much love of choosing these days. Here's your order. Can I get it? Yeah, yeah. Not can I get it. Here. Yeah. No matter what you want. Or up above our grill. There's a big city. It's because immediately locate the region. That goes. Yeah. All right. All right. I'm 43. I'm working on that. All right. You working on it all the time? OK, we got over 400 votes. We can relax on it. It's a stupid ass pool. 405. And we got like 17 minutes to go. So no problem. I do like that. I can't stand. But you know what's going to win that, don't you? Oh, yeah. You know who? You're president. Not mine. You're president. Thank you. A new and analisational of archiopteryx. The earliest known bird-like animal shows it had feet like dinosaurs. The fighting that's supposed to believe that the bird-screening backyard feeders today are descendants of money, ancient carnivores. While not all scientists agree, many consider our archiopteryx the first bird since it had wings and was the first fossil found with feathers. Details have been lacking on the animals. However, since only a few fossil specimens have been found, the new one reported in the last Friday's issue of the year. Maybe today's issue. This is the day's. Today's issue of the journal's science is the tenth known in one of the most complete. It's got a picture of it here. Contrary to what have been thought the new fossil shows that the first tow was not reversed in archiopteryx. As is the case, I'm current birds. According to a team led by Gerald Mayer, or our research institute, Shakenberg, in Frankfurt, Germany, Einstein, et cetera. Like at the reverse tow, what half of the animals ability to personalize current birds, or research, you said, on the other hand, it's second tow could be extended like those of Therapeut. Beast-footed dinosaurs, a group that excluded such well-known examples is T-rex. Oh, let's play some T-rex. Archiopteryx was considerably smaller, however close to the size of a man pie. Oh, remember the man pie? What about him? What though was the man-named of the man pie? Hechel and Jekyll and what was it? McCarty. Ah, heckle and Jekyll, here. What I just tell you. The new example lived about 150 million years ago and what is now above Veria. And God, the while I love that Bavarian cream pie. Oh, God. I want to face them and close to Denys. Probably. And I don't think they do the mother-humber pie anymore, Denys, do I? I don't know. Remember, I had that episode. And I had a talk about Denys. Matthew T. Carano, a dinosaur-rex-word-ethy Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History agreed that the discovery supports those who consider birds to be descendants of dinosaurs. The lack of a reverse tow doesn't mean an archiopteryx couldn't sit in a tree, but probably indicated it was not a habitually tree-living animal. We assume it could fly, but we don't have a lot of information about flying ability. Most of the known specimens are partial, so the new one answered knowledge of the animal she said. And there's a picture of it right here, but favorite fossil. Is it really? I'll be in here. I thought I would. That y'all agreed. Wall green disciplines for pharmacists. I might have to not make a lie check for a while. Oh, you got a fossil yet? You all have to do, think. Wall green company, Denysians, largest rugs to are chained by Revenue Senate's put four Illinois pharmacists in the St. Louis on Unpaid Leave for refusing to fill prescriptions for emergency contraception violation of state rule. There we go with, you know, that thing about rules gone wild? Yeah. I'm going to make a write a book called Goiom Gone Wild. Because that's what America is all about today. It's just, they're just out of control. The four-sided religious or moral objections to filling prescriptions for the morning after filling have said they would like to maintain their right to be used to dispense in an Illinois. That's not an option while we're in spokesman Tiffany Bruce said. She probably can't do Gary Bruce. A rule imposed by Governor Black and Joe Bitz, whatever his name is, and April, requires that Illinois pharmacies that spell contraceptives have proved by the U.S. Food and Government Station to fill prescriptions for emergency birth control. Pharmacies that do not fill prescriptions for any type of contraception are not required to follow the rule. So what's good for the goose is good for taking a gander. Ed Martin and attorney for the pharmacists on two they called this one pretty disturbing and said that we're considered legal action if law Greens doesn't be considered. Well, you mama. At least six other pharmacists have sued over the rule planning of forces them to violate the religious police. If you're religion prov... and let's say I don't believe in blood pressure medicine, okay? I mean, what kind of crap is that? Well, the jove is what? This is don't believe it or any of it. Yeah, so it's probably not a good idea for them to be pharmacists. Or the seventh day of Venice in Venice. Or whatever kind of other furritails you're inventing this week. And one, isn't that guy's name Joseph Smith? I got it's getting fried. Right. I heard that girl over in West Coast. He just came back. Joseph Smith is the guy in Palmar when the York who found the tablets. That's right. Right. And he said take two of Carlisir in the morning and put make some of the babies in the morning. And that was the founding of the Mormon Church. The Church of Latter-day, but whatever the hell it is. That whole business, it makes me gag. All you religious nuts, when you're going to wake up and sit the coffee, okay? Smith, the coffee. You see that commercial they keep showing you year after year about that punk. He's probably 80 years old now. He comes home obviously from college or something for the holidays, for Christmas. And he seeks in the house in the morning. Blue girl comes downstairs. Oh, Tommy or whatever his name is. Ace is a line of how to wake you. Everybody up. He goes and makes the Maxwell house coffee or whatever coffee. You ever saw that? Nope. And they've been one of that every Christmas for the last 75 years. And that it must be a hundred years old. I'm in for a treat this year then. No. So, 419 votes. Time to sniff, wake up and sniff up and wake it. God and chew it. I still don't believe you guys by the way, you're lying. All right. I didn't tell on the ear that horrible stir. This is a little bit too gross, but nevertheless it's part of life, you know. I go to the ATM. This is before I went to a woodbinder then. I go and take out or maybe I'll always be far went to Niagara Falls for the weekend, a plunge. So I want to take out some extra cash. So I go to where my bank is and I go to the ATM. Which is inside like a place. And I kept out the numbers, you know, I'm the money is coming out and I look down. I realize I hadn't seen them when I hit the buttons. That somebody had sneezed all over the keyboard. Oh, geez. I told you this. No, I don't think so. I told Josh this, I guess. I told somebody. And somebody had sneezed all over the keyboard. Like, oh, and it's like, oh, it looks like a keyboard, but it's not. Oh, God. Yeah. Oh, and I saw a week sober and they have me on the envelope that you make deposits. And it was like a crumbled up envelope. So I took it and I like, white the way as much as I could. Because I don't want the people standing behind me who think that I snotted it. Oh, God. But they're your bogies. You're thinking you're doing, you think it's a place to do banking, but it's not. Great. There was one of the words that was there. And then I had a smell like I would buy them. I'm telling you what man. The prospects of being in that box are looking better all the time. Lisa's nice and quiet in there. I hope. Wouldn't be something if they serve plain Celine Dion music in there? Oh, yeah. Oh, brother. 430 votes on the pool. The best fast food is at Wendy's. 71. Day Thomas is really proud. He's still dead, though. He's pretty proud. Grudder, great guy. Day Thomas, you know what? Yes, he was. An unsung hero. Tony Segeretto, like, in course, Tony is a silly person who takes him so very seriously. By the way, Tony is a silly sports nerd who became a new banker. Anybody we believe he's got. Oh, no, you're silly, Tony. Cut the crap. We're talking super bold. When he's 71, all fast food blows a 50. When he's just moved up to 72, that was Tony's vote. He loves Dave Thomas. Play a tropical 47. Stake in shake 40. Now, they've really moved up. They must have done something. On Monday, we're going to need to... All you people sample steak in shake over the weekend. We know they got great shakes. But the burger is what we're getting a lot of complaints about. And I stressed that myself had to run on their own sunrise. Where the meat was like fallen apart. There's nothing worse when the meat starts like coming apart in chunks. Stake in shake, not 40. They're doing a fine number on here. I hate this full 37. Taco Bell 34. Chick-fil-A 24. Subway 22. Well, Miami Sub 21. What was the other subplaced at the guy with Tommy about the other day? I was in that, uh, sun-central thing. And the guy said you haven't tried it. And it's, uh, that probably should be on here. Women at your house was a quiz-nose? No, no. Oh, we got a quiz-nose fast food? I don't know. And I mean, they got, you know, they got. Subway. If Subway's fast food quiz-nose ought to be. Two quick quiz-nose on there. But that's not the one I'm talking about. It was the night that I had never heard of it before. And they're like, all over four lot of it. I love it, only. Oh, the spot is? The spot is. That's the one. Now is that fast food? It's, I guess we can... What's the nose is? Well, the quiz-nose and Miami Sub 21. Well, by the, let's put La Spada on there. Before it's too late, thank God for me for that memory. Who am I? Popeye's 20, RB 15, McDonald's 13, and W9. Let's put La Spada and what else did I just say? Say I can't remember. Quiz-nose. Quiz-nose. I think I had quiz-nose when they brought the food in that one time. That's a little bit of what it was. That's good stuff. That is. That is really. And they're all over here by the way. I got quiz-nose all over the city, eh? How many out of quiz-nose instead of Taco Bell? Because I don't think they're using that meat. KFC 7, checker 6, churches, teakin' is that five. Vogueur King's got five. I love the Vogueur King. I can sit here right at home and be in the... I'll pizza have four and crystal has got a pair. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Jesus. You can avoid every black baby in this country and your crime rate would go down. Oh, here's the cause of my neck. To let's out of the gigo. When he makes it way though, my neck is not the kind you can do in the... But I see it got in her. He's all mine. Where he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or humans. And then I can saw the turn-seeder. He saw her naked. He saw his reportedly to go in line. That place in he was working hard. They nice in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took a mac and noodle for the next clothing. Loading for my cup was blowing, rings are slow. That's that. That's that. There's a cause in Monica. She left out a gigo. Every time he makes it way though, my neck is not the kind you can do in the... But I say, got in her. He's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's been made her full of bias and feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom, she was born and born. And now, four was two and her with bills all gone. All right. There's a cause in Monica. She left out a gigo. Every break of time he makes it way though, my neck is not the kind you can do in the... But I say, got in her. She's all mine. All who can do you say, got in her. But the master is faster. Oh yeah. But she got up to his take a test over it though. That's enough. And put in. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And put in. Girl. I'm so proud of that. I'm so glad I remembered a play that again, you know. That was a laborer love. We've got 400 hours to do that. That was the manual. I don't have one in fancy ass. It didn't even think things like that. So I had these strawberry long cut and boy. I think I did a fine job considering these kids these days. They don't remember what that's all about. Yeah, old fashion that. Yeah, all you radio pumps don't remember like, In fact, these kids don't even know anything about carts, you know. If Reverend Jones is given theirs his. It's. Look at that. It's still all. That temperature man. But. It's. Look. Sun is on a commiscay looks beautiful. It is a fine. Find. He walked through the. I think you talked me into it. Okay. How do you feel about dessert? Seriously, what what what. The. The. The. Do I feel like Taco Bell or I feel like. Quizz knows. Yeah. They got. It's. Oh, they got soup. Oh, yes, soup. I love soup. I'm a soup man. We got. If Bette will. We don't know, them. How. Did they? But a couple of reports on a podcast. They fell in 454 H. P. More than 54 boats on the pool. And you're going? I see. You say you've ahead it. But at any rate, we need to free food and one thing I was suggest of they bring in like a lot of don't leave too much of it laying around cuz you never know