How it things? Everything is great. Yeah, I mean too. This is a clean thing. How about those Patriots? Holy cow, what again? That Brady is amazing, isn't he? Yeah, 12 for 12 in the fourth quarter. Yeah, chips are down. Him and Vennetary, man. Those two got balls of granite. Yep. No question about that. But guy is now brought his team back in the fourth quarter, 17 times in his right. And he's so cool back there. You know, does he just carve them up unfazed? Yes. Don't be fooled by the pretty face folks. Somebody called the show earlier and said, oh, they're still. We should have taken a time at the ice-binaterial. Yeah, right. Like that guy. Right. Like that guy is an automatic. Whoever the clown was on the broadcast was saying the same thing. Oh, well, I could have, you know, like it's going to make any difference. One way or the other. Yeah, that's so. You don't ice-anomenetary. Nope. And of course, the dolphins were smelling super bowl, man. Oh, yeah. This is the overall reacting town on earth. You know, last week, Ronnie Brown was a bomb now. He's, you know, it's always a bad sign when your team wins a game and you act like you're really shocked that they want. That's not a good sign. And, well, I was shocked that they won yesterday. Look, like Carolina's highly overrated. They stuck against the whirlwinds. They played very poorly against the Patriots. They played the worst that game. But they're not playing well. They actually could have won the game. And, you know, they came back. They tied it and they're moving again. They get to the dollar. They're on the worthy of life. They're on the worthy of life. They go, but he throws that interception. Well, you know, it goes for Ronnie Brown. What's not to like, you know? It goes to that a good second. Have you just three for the world? It goes for the world. It goes for the world. It goes for the world. It goes for the world. It goes for the world. It goes for the world. It goes for the world. And of course, the marlins are just, I guess everybody will be in the dolphin bandwagon. badly. They're going out and, you know, what do you think they want in style? You know, give it a good shot. They're going out in shame. That cookie crumbled. Yeah. So, well, the last week of the marlins season and they are suddenly irrelevant. Oh, that means we got no more 12, 30 early exits. That's bad. I'm going to have better take a vacation pretty soon. Make up for that. I'm going to have about two weeks. Yeah. I'm out of here on Thursday after the show Thursday. I'm really going in the York. That's the point. The gold cup at Bellmont on Saturday. Yeah. I'm going to get the gold Charlotte on Monday. I'm covering the Monday night game for ESPN. Will I be damned? Charlotte. Well, that's not a mine Charlotte. I like it there. Never been there. Oh, it's a nice little city. I've driven to the Carolina's on 95 years ago, but I always drove real fast to there. Oh, I like to Carolina's. Really? Yeah, I went to school. What? I've always liked it there. That's right. You went to Duke. Yeah. Holy moly. Hey, and by the way, speak out of college. You just have about those Spartans. Yeah. What's that all about? Something. It's Illinois. Yeah. It's the seventh. A whole bunch. Well, they're pissed off. They're sick and tired of taking all that crap from those mechigan people. I wasn't a good day for them. Don't tell me they lost again. Mechigan? Yeah. Yep. I'll tell you. I'm awesome. A worse possible way, too, at the end of the game. Oh, no. Somebody may be a real upset to say. I would think so. You're not going to be happy. You're not going to be happy. You're buddy back in town or is he still a fan of you? I didn't really check his itinerary. I keep him any answers out of these people. You know, whether it's about my paycheck, whether it's about his my good buddy, mobile back in time. Yes, he's so happy and excited that most are going to be back in town. Right. And he wasn't sure that he was. Oh, that's a shock. Yeah. See there you go again. How far were you if you're leaving after Thursday showed it in the York. All right. These next four days. I keep my nose real clean. Do you know what I mean? Oh, you mean? Peabell? Yeah. No more peabell. This week. You have four days to hang on real tight. I've been pretty good. I've been in the last nine men. Findberg. Whatever his name is. What a jackass. So we're the other place I would come and ask for four hours. I think on and off on Friday. I'll actually do it again today. I'm going to agree with you on that. Yeah. That's a jerk. Yeah. Do you know if you were able to do anything to hurt us? It would be almost amusing if we're for the fact that he tried to hire you and Maydog and everybody on the staff except me. Yeah. And then, you know, we'd like to get Joe back. But oh no. He's not going. He hates Q. You know, so everybody hates Q. I'm going to play something about Joe. Joe does not hate Q. Yeah. No, no. He hates two people. They're one of them is Greg and the other one is so, so he's going to be unmentsible along. Yeah. And I think Joe dislikes more people over there than he does over here. Wouldn't surprise me. Like maybe Dan LaBaster is one. I'm here. That could be one. Yeah. They're others. Well, I don't think he and Defoe ever get along that well either. I don't think he has a lot of respect for the general manager. The stew guys probably not. That's your form of bird off here. Your responsibility. Are you made him what he is today? Yeah. A guy with the rich daddy. I didn't make him that. Board of Made General Manager. Boy, what a market. You know what? It's like the story. I told you about how the Howard Primer from KFC. I've heard of that story on there. Remember about how he was going to get fired. Yeah. And the PD left. Yeah. He was sitting in the hallway. He had to go in thinking that he was going to get a promotion in the news department. And the city was going to get fired. And the PD walked in just before him. And I can't take this place out of here. And so, Judith, what's that was their name from Nevada the center? Whatever the name was. Actionner? I was an extrader Campbell. Yeah. And she calls Howard and says, how would you like to be program director? He just happened to be the first available body. He also had a rich daddy who bought that station. Yeah. And turned into Haitian melodies. Well, Sydney tell us that they say hello. Oh, yeah. Give him a big kiss for me. Thanks, Sydney. How is he? He's great. He's doing fine. He's living a good life right now. It's good to have time in North Carolina. You're talking about Lynn Russell to him? I will mention that to him next time. Yeah, just he would he says. Okay. Well, he pretended when he and Craig Worthing and I had dinner at Ruth Chris year two ago. He pretended at least he put on a good act. Like Alzheimer's was kicking in. I don't remember anything about any of that, you know, about Lynn. But nevertheless, trying to remember Judith's last name now. Yeah, the city has been with the center of Nevada. Howard something. And I can't think of her name. To begin with L. I don't start with that. I have no idea. I haven't got a clue. It wasn't cats and time. I can tell you that. No. Now were you ever in that building? Did you ever share? You know, music was was in the same building. In fact, they owned a building. And it was my friend Mike Perl's family was the music. People, they were the music people down here. Yeah, yeah, the franchise for down here. So I used to go over there all the time. In fact, I used to go in that building and sit with Sunny. Why do this show at night? So you were in the, well, where did he even do a show out of the main studio, though? He didn't get his own studio. He did? Oh, I don't know. I was a big studio. Yeah, that was it. And there was the big picture of Frank Cassen-Tine who was the father. He was named after him after his name. And there was a big picture on the wall. I still do this day swear that as you looked at it, the eyes were moving. It was watching you. He'd been dead for years. But there was a big picture on the big eye. The best story is with, with, with, with, Sidney and Mrs. Cassen-Tine. The day that you and the warm Sidney, he were going to go out on the air. Yeah. And he kept her on the phone for hours. Four hours show. So if you wouldn't listen to that, it was a classic. And it's a true story. Oh, boy. Those are the days, man. Those were the days. Just a couple old guys reminiscing. That's us. It's a bird bath out there outside of window. That room was like, it was like a mussely in that studio. With those old drapes and that big piano in there. That was a boy. Oh, yeah. I remember it. And then the transmitter was inside the building, which is very unusual. The tower is sitting out back. And the transmitter was inside the building in the control room. And I used to have those real. It was older than Methuselah. Art Smith was the engineer. I'm sure he's the long since pushing up daisies. But we had those big glowing final tubes. He'd go in there looking at it. What was like, Mark Coney would have been proud. It was just amazing. What a place. Yeah. That was quite a time. Yeah. Those are the daisies, man. Yeah. Well, we're still doing it. We had that. What was the sales manager's name that died too from a Notre Dame? Oh, wow. Wow. I didn't know he died. He died. Oh, a long time ago. In fact, his son called me on the air years ago. And on this station about four or five years ago again. He was in the top. He was in the top. Bob Allen? Yeah. That's so nice. Or that Jewish station. We don't want to be that Jewish station. We're in the second part of these old Jews. We don't want to be that Jewish. Well, he was a Notre Dame guy. Oh. Oh, that Catholic thing. I don't know. But he used to shoot some mean baskets in his office though. He wanted those little mini basketballs. Yeah. Oh, I got, I could, you're right. I should write a book. The only problem is nobody buy it. But I would amuse a hell out of me. And you. And me. Yeah. And George. Probably not Greg. But that's the way it goes. I'm seeing Greg lately. Well, that's good. Well, he's leaving. He's probably making his plans now to move on. We're not bored. You know. I don't want to discuss that. No, that's good. I do a time to leave. Probably not. I'm not treading that direction. Good time to leave and go. But yeah. It's not a bad idea. Yeah. Go plunge your guts out. Okay. I might, I'll say how do you, I'll say how do you buddy on the cross over it too. I can move a bit kiss for you. Oh, please. And the best of you. Back to him right on the. Okay. See you tomorrow. All right. Yeah. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber. But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines. But it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorists. But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm. Think again. Because the money you spend to feel your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was fill her up. Some other public service announcements want to blame terrorism on drug addicts. But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. I think it was there for well-bored shoes. Just trying to keep her nose clean. That's right. That was the last straw. No, well, by the way, speaking to that, you know, they had volume for column by on CBC last night. Didn't believe how many the words by the way. Totally the effort was in several times un-experigated. They just to show the original version. And I had to watch it again. You've not seen it many, many, many, many times. And the point I think of that movie that's the best. And of course it's so true now is the idea of keeping the public scared. Oh, yeah. To mean things. Keep everybody on pins and you'd like more scared. Like the power of night bears. Exactly. And in line with that, I got a little story a little bit later about the newest, The Nile Monitor Lizard. Have you seen about this? No. What a nasty. What is a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more. I've seen them. What do you call it? What do you call it? What are the little comedians that run around all over in the backyard? A here in Florida, Lizard. Yeah. What? Lizard. No, but they have a name for those. Get it. Get it. Like little, they're a tough small and harmless. This is a big meaner. A mother looks like a serious dark thing. It's a sharp tooth invasive reptile. And it's into Florida. And it may make its way to, wow. Wow. So there's another reason. There. Good. I've been a total panel. What was it? Good. Eight bugs. And other little bugs. And also little babies too. So all you people are reproducing a little bit too much. Just say your baby's out in the front lawn. See what happened. Anyway, our poor. I'll be before we do the pool. Here's some more good news from Iraq and Afghanistan. A suicide bomber, driving a mini bus, pulled alongside a convoey of elite Iraqi Commandos in Baghdad yesterday. And detonated as explosive coming 10 more people in the spare burning metal. The parfors explosion rattled when goes miles from the stretch of high wind, the eastern neighborhood of Guadier blood from the dead and injured soaked the bread in the roadside stalls. Isn't that lovely? Yeah. Blood soaked bread. I bet you they get a discount on that. Or chart extra. And a US to new helicopter crash yesterday where what mountains and some of that can stand killing all five crew members on board, the US military said it didn't appear to have been shot down. It was just an accident. But then somebody got his as opposed to accidents where nobody got hurt. So I guess we were just kind of like a big disappointment. They were hoping for like a lot of dead bodies and chaos and Katrina part two. But it just didn't pan out just flooding. I mean, it did plenty of damage, but not like the big league. And so last night, MSNBC had a big special on there. And there was a little Brian Nourcrasse was getting all kinds of kudos and about how he saved all these lives during Andrew and how brilliant he was. And he's the guy to throw. I told George before to show it's like chicken little. You know, if he keeps screaming long enough, the sky's flying sooner or later something does happen. So nice going Brian. I want to give you the real thing. Yeah, not a lot of it. They went up for that asteroid. So anyway, who's the best American rock band of all time? We had tremendous response. The only promise are about 300. We have freaked on this pool. And if I'm not going to notice it, right? You, if you want to waste your time creeping our pools by all means, have a good time. It'll keep your Earth screen. Because obviously, you have no life. 20, 823 votes have worked about 2500 similar real votes. That's pretty impressive. Ask me, we might actually have somebody out there listening Joel. Wouldn't that be bad if we two in another big month in Europe? Salvation is a really pretty good summer book. Oh, no. The best American rock band of all time. I think because there's so many of money here because we need what are we going to do with that journey thing. Stick them down there. Like what about the like it matters. I've all been right down there with readly of Ramones. You know what I mean? Isn't like this. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. 15. This. Come on. What's very funny? Here's my story said by true. Oh, I hear. A better girl calls to find her soul. Had a bug and ran it around. Give it to every guy in town. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. We didn't get enough to go! No, I'm afraid it's falling off you, the world's falling apart From a guy who's gone, you just have a hole Where there's fog and a hole, and getting through that She haven't known, but keep away from a simple ensuyer Get away from that girl! You know, I'm sure you've seen people in your lifetime Horace, so beautiful that it hurts to look at them, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. I think everybody can relate to that. There's people that you almost can't even look at them Because it's just like, it would be like being diabetic And too much eye candy in the garlic. Garlic, yes. Huh? Scarlett Joe Hanson. And I think even Joshua to be with me, that yesterday in the Patriots Steelers game The Tom Brady looks so good, that it was... What? Yeah, Joe Hanson. Joe Hanson. It was difficult for me to look at him. That's how good he looks now. I don't know what it is, but it's like he's going to go well whatever. Joshua, to say that same thing this morning. Yeah, I heard him. We probably thought I wasn't paying attention, but he said the same. And of course he's busy on Gloteney as Boxer 3 in the... Oh! There you go, nice going. Yeah, pretty sure, you know, better than the Path right now. Hey, give a little bit of credit, Mr. That was one hell of a gaming yesterday that Patriots Steelers game. I walked in the Pittsburgh. Huh? I watched it. 12 for 12 at a fourth quarter. And inventory is solid. Brock's solid. Is it a block of granite? They are just at their back. And of course those dolphins, well, what can you say? Oh man. Yeah. Oh, and I'm sorry. It was a premature vaguation on my part. Three more US soldiers were killed back today. In two separate attacks involving Worldside Boms, one of the attacks occurred early and the day in Western Baghdad, killing two. The 30 US soldiers were working with a 47th Brigade with Scoda by 50 miles on east of Baghdad. Yesterday, and this is over in above here. The story I had before about the 10. See, people think that, you know, there's like one story. And oh, well, that's just nicely related into, you know, what's the 10 dead rat heads? Usually at least 33 more raties were killed during a day of step of violence. Gunman, Royal Doretical, Shea, Curec, Mooktana, Al-Sadarambus, and Iraqi patrol, Eastern Baghdad, Slum, and US forces joined in a 90-minute gun battle, killing as many as 80 of the attackers. But 33 raties were killed there. And also yesterday, armed men pulled off during armored car robber, killing two guards and escaping with $850,000 on a suicide car bomber, slender into a conboard carrying in tear ministry, commandos, killing seven of them in two civilians, and south of the capital, two separate bicycle bombings in town markets, killed at least seven more people, and wounded dozens. Other than that, everything is just all we're for. I, if you would say it's Oki-Doki, you see, freedom of your heart. Everything is just fine, so quit making up all those stories. Okay, the best rock band of all time, American. Now, journey, if you believe this, which we don't cause it was free. Every 65, so we'll take 300 out of it. Let's give them 65, okay? And again, whoever would, I mean, have all the bands to free. Right? Journey, my ass. The door is 275. It was, look at this. See, instead of wasting your hosts with freeping, you couldn't have been the incisive votes, but you weren't, because you're too busy with a bunch of smart asses. The door is 275. The eatals, 273. Are you ready for that? An aerosmith, 253. Holy, moly, ratman, and even Van Halen, the marginal Van Halen 209. Oh, and did you notice that Howard's voice was on that Connecticut school of broadcasting spot? It was brought to our attention. Speaking of David Lee Growth, Roth, who was rumored to be a replacement Howard. Soon. These boys, 125. Greatful dead 105, how's that? Oh, there's must be people who are just, they're ODING and fish for what I think. The, uh, Woody Grappers are the world. All men, brothers, 88. Chicago, only 78. Oh, greatful dead 105. Chicago is 78. That's enough to make you want a cock out right there. Leonard Scott, 28. Scott, 28. Nirvana, 61. Metallica, 54. Fleetwood, Mach 52. Frank Zepa, 50. Earthwin and fire 46. Ramones, 45. This is taking me an hour to read all these. But CCR for, I agree. CCR 41. Dave Matthews, band, and kiss each hand. That was for Dave Matthews, that kiss. Oh, steelyed in in the band, 34 piece. Duns and roses 33. These, easy top, 32. What about Keratop? Right now, by the way, speaking of, uh, Keratop, Tommy, uh, production ace, uh, and the bottom itself, and I used 2004 Corvette. Let's hear it for Tommy. Ah, that's supposed to be a secret. No, I don't think so. Not anymore. I think it was for you. Oh, the no. Why not? Nice going Tommy. So his other business on the side must be doing live at his radio business. His rock band. Red Hat chili pepper, 31. Top pity and heartbreakers, 31. The pixies 29. Green Day 25. The talking heads 25. Bond, Jovi 25. My, my, my. The car is 25. Our EM-23. Oh, boy. Wait, you can't like our EM unless you're gay. That's what I was told. Rage against a good machine. On 18 Jefferson airplane 18, then do be brothers 17. Top too much. It's not what if they've done better than I would have. But they're old. The doobies five cigarettes silver bullet ban. 17. Sublime 16. Who was your cult 15? Black Sabbath and grant a funk railroad 15. The birds 13. The birds. Mama's in pop as 12. Boston 10. Lincoln Park 9. The steamer ban. Six 38. Special finally got six Bill hitting a comets five. Stone 10. Stone 10. Pile is five. Alice Cooper five. Turtles five and loving the love and sp. Oh, no wonder. Look pretty put on here. Instead of the love and spoon. Really writes love and spoonful. Yeah. Oh, Josh Curtis. We're the hell. Let's come in. They're a huge bit. Yeah, they got a lot of votes. Love and well, I guess because nobody knows what that is. Love and spoon. You're right about. Oh, you're right about mine. I think we better redo this thing. I should play laughing just for her laughing. No. Oh, they guess who's sorry. Hey, I'm on the bat. Love and spoonful was. You didn't have to do something. You didn't have to. You guys don't know what. People even imagine. There was a bringer. Did you ever have to make up the way they did it? Yeah, that's a pretty big picture. And then of course, here's the word that everybody knows. Even Josh might know this one. Since it's a. It's a separate. It's a separate part. Yeah. I know that. Everybody knows. Oh, you didn't have to be so nice. That's the one I was thinking of. Daydream. What a day for a day. Did you ever make up the way? I was somewhere in the city right on the roof. Nashville, cans. Love and spoonful. John Sebastian. I'll take you a little bit about Josh. You know, John Sebastian from Joel Sebastian. From Sebastian. Kevin. Okay. Let's get on with the show. Quick. I've got a lot of fish to fry. I've got to go back to sleep. I just, you know, it's rainy and cloudy here. I'm sure the sun is shining there though. I don't know. I can't see anything. Oh, there he is. 376 votes on our poll today. The biggest we've done this long time ago. Although I think the results are changing now because the people that love it there. They don't want any part of this show. We're too negative. And I'm too honest. I mean, too negative. 1076 votes. The biggest problem of San Francisco is the Cubans 95. The Cubans Cuban. No, no. I'm sure he's so good. I'm sure he's still dead. I'm a time-sharfer still dead. That was something about the reminiscent with Hank about KAT. I'm sure the audience went into a coma but you know what, we enjoyed it. We don't care. We enjoyed it. And Joel is over there dancing different up and down. Oh, no. I'm not going to let their all eyes old use. They're over there. We're going to say it about, oh, no. Nobody wants to hear that. We'll grab you. They do. They love it. They want to hear about the old KAT days. They want to hear about something with when radio was a radio. I suppose to this crap we got now. Garbage. Just absolute swill. If I have to read one more story about John Hogan and Clear Channel was doing this and Clear Channel was doing it. You know, my friend Derek is right. John Hogan sucks. And I'm not talking about the driver from the window and I'm talking about John Hogan, the CEO from Chief Channel. The people that are basically destroying this business. And if I get any more of those insight, did you call Tom Taylor by the way, Josh, please? Sure. Get around of that. No, seriously. They came. They opened two accounts instead of one for me number one. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. They were going to be a big deal. I think I should probably tell a story about my high pitched tonight is called what a sort of bus start. Oh, it's a good story. Yeah, it's perfectly taken to turn with it. It's my long Saturday night. I come into my place here and I hear in my living room I hear this high pitched tone. Do we have like a 60 cycle tone we used to have some like that? Yeah, well the the bleep is just a shortened tone. No, no, no, no. Much higher pitched than that. I mean, yeah, like that only. I like that only much higher and much. And I'm here and I'm thinking, okay, what the hell's it? It's not to drive you crazy if they would log dogs in this building. If I had a dog, he would like jump out the window, kill the toe. That's all high. It wasn't annoying. And I'm thinking, well, where the hell's that coming from? So I was the first thing you think of as your TV, right? Right. Turn the TV off still there. Right. Then come here and go on around and I'm listening to my air purifier. Not coming from that. And I'm like trying to position myself in different places and I go on other rooms in my place here. And in the studio, here, do I hear it? No, in my bedroom, do I hear it? No, Pat rooms. No. And so this is very, just concerning. If you're well, something in the building or somebody either left a client sign or something's going on. Or maybe from the fire alarm. So I get up yesterday morning and the same damn high pitched tone. And then you start worrying about, you know, it's pretty when you get to be an old Jew like me about tonight. Is it all, you know, is that what they call it? Yeah, tonight is tennis, I'm not sure how it's going to happen. When you have always hearing those high pitched tone in your ears and it's just it's in your head. You know, it's just in your head. Yeah, like that. Yeah, very similar to that, only without the wobble. But anyway, that's all right. So yesterday, I went downstairs. I had to go to the store, get a couple of things. And on the way out, I told the concierge. I said, would you send the maintenance guy up because there's some, and the maintenance guy comes up here. And sure enough, he's listening. He hears it. He hears it. So I know it's not me. I'm not losing my mind. I mean, at least somebody else heard it. So he, uh, he's going to go check it out. Yeah, and the worst part of it is that when I go down a hallway, I go to the elevator. I hear it in the elevator. Yeah. And then I get to the bottom of the elevator. And I hear it down there. So I'm positive at this point. It's something in the building and something in the air conditioning system and the, uh, something. I don't know. Your fillings are picking up radio signals. Right. So I come back and at this point, I pick up my blackboard and I send a message to a friend of mine was in the building. I said, come on up. I want to see if you can hear this because it's driving me crazy. And maybe even figure out what it is. And he sends me back a message. He'll be up in a few minutes. And I, as I pick up the blackboard or read it, I realize that this high pitch tone is coming from my little blackberry. I mean, from such a little thing, I can make a name like that. You know, I'm so pervert. I know how to learn. Seriously. Uh, and of course, as I was going down in the elevator, I carried this everywhere. So it was in my pocket. Even though it was in the off position turned off, it still was making that noise. See what I'm saying? Right. So the button. So the base of the elevator is I still heard it. And of course, because it was in my pocket, you more on you idiot. So I take this thing out. I realize as I hold it up that it's making this sound. So I open it up with a knife. Took the battery out, re-inserted it and here it is right here. You hear it? No, because it's not quite a church knife. I thought I would blow it up. Wow. So there's like a little interesting story. And of course, the madening part when you hear something like that, you know, where it's coming from? And then it follows you around. And you convince that you're like losing your mind. That you have great read disease. That he's finally gotten to you. I got to get to meet Greg. Well, it's big enough. Greybrowvers by the way these Saudis. I just don't know what to tell to say. I'm going to let's get him all. You ragheads. I know that we have a few people probably American troops. Listen to an over there in Saudi Arabia. Hey, you guys over there. Just go and hook the old cheer to the oil. And let's have a bloodless cool. Even a bloody cool is okay with me as long as there are people on it. Those ragheads, Saudi princes, man. You're your time is coming, baby. This reminds me of Josh's favorite movie network. This story that you somebody sent to us, right? Saudi Prince Al-Walib bin Talal has purchased 5.46% of the Fox Corporation. According to Gulf Daily News, raising concern that the conservative Fox News may soften its anti-terrorist stance due to the views of the new shareholder. Al-Walib, the nephew of the late Saudi king, Fad, was in the news when he visited the World Trade Center's remains just after the 9th of the 9th of the text. And offered then the U.S. city mayor Rudy Giuliani, a 10 million dollar check for relief news, Al-Walib then released a statement blaming U.S. foreign policy and support for Israel for the attacks. Giuliani returned the princess check with a statement that there's no more equivalent for this attack. The people who did it lost any right to ask for justification when they started innocent people. Not only are those statements wrong, they're part of the problem. So there's one raghead okay. So now one part of Fox News is that we didn't hit Fox News enough already. Now, God only knows as they said network work kind of crap is going to be penal for truth on that network. As if it is right. And if you didn't like that story about our for a Saudi friends, you'll love this one. All right. More. The Saudis and the Bush's man, they're in bed together. That's why they hold hands, you know? All right. Jent, hold hands because they're in bed together, literally and figuratively, you name it. They're doing it. The Bush's end have been laden's. Punk, buck, buddies. You know, they have that piece. Did you see it on 60 minutes last night about the search for bin Laden? No, I missed it. What a waste of time. Well, we're not going to find bin Laden. We got a football game on every time I tried to tune in. Well, that was a Patriot Steelers game with some kind of about 737 and don't be knocking that. Okay. That was Mooye and Portante, very important. If you say so. I'm telling you right now, man, Tom Brady was in it. Oh, he sure looked good yesterday. I mean, how does Josh that? Yeah, Josh, you just astonished. Anyway, of course, the reason they're Josh probably a buck span, he got that young good looking coach, you know. Was that so young anymore? That young buck? Yeah, young buck. Hey, buck. What is that bit? Oh, that's that, uh, uh, they're all strawberry bits. Yeah. Hi, buck. President Bush decided last week to wait. Listen to this carefully. Okay, to give an idea to kind of crap. And it gets very, this is from the British newspaper, the Guardian. I didn't read anything about this in my scouring all the other 80,000 websites. President Bush decided last week to wait any financial sanctions on Saudi Arabia, Washington's closest era of ally and war on terrorism. For a minute, isn't that ironic? Yeah. That we like saying that my relanski was our closest ally in the war against the mob. For a family of doing stuff to stop the modern day slave trade in prostitutes, child sex workers and forced laborers. In June, the state department listed 14 countries is failing to adequately address trafficking problems, subject to them all to possible sanctions if they didn't crack down. Of those 14, Bush concluded that Bolivia, Jamaica, Qatar, Sudan, Togo and the United Arab Emirates had made enough improvements to avoid any cut in USAID. Or in the case of countries that get no American financial assistance, the barren of their officials from cultural and educational events to Darla Jordan, the state department spokeswoman. Cambodia and Venezuela were not considered to have made so radical improvements. Hey, Hugo, how are you doing? But both clear them nonetheless to receive limited assistance for such things as combating trafficking. In the case of in a Thuella, which has the tense relationship with the US and the leadership of a person in the Hugo Chavez, a Hugo. One of Latin America's most recent spoken critics of the US foreign policy, Bush also allowed funding for strengthening the political party system and supporting electoral observations so we can overthrow a huge Chavez, just like in Guadalda, the Indian, and showing all the other ones. In addition to Saudi Arabia, Ecuador and Kuwait, another US ally in the Middle East, were given a complete pass on any sanctions. Saudi Arabia, Ecuador and Kuwait, despite periodic differences, oil, red Saudi Arabia and the US have a tight alliance built on economic and military cooperation. That left Myanmar, which we used to know is Burma, Osol, Farts, Cuba and North Korea's the only nations in the list of 14, Varg, completely from receiving certain kinds of foreign aid. Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, you got it? Is not it? It's not a good cutting off for any assistance or humanitarian aid. The White House statement offered no explanation of why countries were regarded differently, Jordan also could not provide one. As many as 800,000 people are bought and sold across national borders annually or learned other countries with false promises to work rather than if it's a credit for the state of our most or women in children. But the Saudis are okay because the Saudis, those ragheads, those grave robbers, those courts, or a coaxe, nor an in pieces of crap. There are good posts up, but by the way, speaking of Kuwait, I just mentioned in passing a while, our soldiers were over there fighting and some dying in the first Gulf War. The Kuwaiti hotchats, the princes and the other ragheads were on the French Riviera, a storting coke and partying until 4 o'clock in the morning and getting laid and having one gay old time. The face is Neil Roger. The face is 516, 815. Oh, a 30-day questcast. Well, I ran in Lincoln. The answer, granted, I drove up in the hill. You want me to show us. And recall how, if half been well-lit, the market still gives me change. And what a weirdo, followed my map of Star House and Shimes and was shot to see. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She had a great time in the city. She was pounding down the road around the stairs. She was by swinging from nowhere. She had a great time in the city. She was honking about to run up. And she was going to think how she's going to wind up. As much as someone seemed so cheerful. Speaker Bass is calling me I won't keep the mind, I won't let you find That she likes the cement I'm not the same, ma How wonderful life is With Angelina Joly in my basement Let's see how it is Watch it to predict All of a man in But I bet you give your last sin Help me Have Angelina Joly locked down in your basement Help me, I'm so hurt my dog I'm doing this, don't hurt pressure I'm hurt your dog, Mr. I'm pushing dog in the basket You know, some cranking out all the old clients that's here today Yeah, and why not? Why not? I'll speak in a minute, I knew hero by the way And Joshua, I think, might agree Rob Marciano, the weather dude They just had a thing here on CNN He's my new hero He's a fairy, handsome young man Who can't see that? See, even a old job like Mad Dog Even he's not so upset about that He took a lot of showers, naked with a lot of other guys Anyway, speaking of that, probably the most important story We will take some calls today Won't we if we ever get any? I don't really know what Adam Kirsten's Monday It's Adam, I don't know what it is It's like blue Monday, like the fat man was so high Don't you play that walk in an whirlwind scene again With fat stomping on it, that was so bad Come right up, unless you want to How about blue Monday, you got that? I don't have that How many copies? You got it? Yeah, let me get it Okay, what were you going to do? I don't understand where you keep coming up with this stuff I know you told me death gave you a whole bunch of olies But how do you, and I added that to my personal collection Which of course was extensive to begin with That's not blue Monday Sure it is Blue Monday by who? Fat stomano Oh, I don't think I have that Do I really do Monday that anybody knows What is it? Blue Monday by New Order Who order? Or we could play blue Monday by Orgy You gotta be, she doesn't even know that Take her off And what we see is that we love and spoon the left Everyone the most important thing For something Come on, let's Actually, I'm not a listener But you talk, neither of you could even name a song at this time I want to tell you talking about I have the greatest hits, I love them I bet the base players Neither of us could name a song at this time You had to look it up, I know you looked it up Yeah, I did look it up, I didn't lie about that Well, I couldn't do it like in a second But if he'd give me about three seconds, those are all gigantic hits Wow, the day for a day, we love and spoon for a big man It would be hard I heard you, I thought we would do this to you I want to say this Because you're thinking right now What a dodging old fart, I'm supposed to know all those old groups I can, I can tell you Glenn Miller and the Rudy Valley And Amico Carruso and Al Jolson and all these old old As vending years before I was born even so many people were popular And that doesn't mean I like their music Or that I listen to their music, although I didn't like Al Jolson But at least then who they were, say if you're going to know your music, Mr. You and everybody Alright, Mr. Ice, told you I heard, Mr. I've heard those two songs that you played I just haven't heard of them Well, today, so anyway, what about the Tampa Bay Dolphin game? Well, that's going to be a lot easier Just like being a win with that Miami game like I forgot what they were November 13, I believe, could be unlucky 13 for a Miami, there ain't no number 13 play on the field for them And even with him, it would be just a shalacking But you people continue talking to yourselves No, oh man, we're two and one, we're two and super bold Yeah, right, we're small and stuff and all right So speaking of that, the biggest story by far Forgetting about dead people in Iraq and hurricanes and ball games and stuff like that As a matter of fact, there it is, look at my timing Oh, if there's anything in the world I care about less, I can't imagine What it might be, actress to me more an anched in Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi were married Saturday, capping their celebrated two year long older woman younger man Relationship, two celebrity flag, a magazine to afford it yesterday Isn't that exciting? And CNN just has a news on there As people are on the edge of their seats Grabbing themselves in each other Representatives for Kuchi Kuchi 27 and more 42 can not admit I couldn't care if he would marry Gary Moore who is still dead by the way Or marry Tyler Moore, could not be a mean Don't keep me that who Gary Murray is out or more No, I said, oops, we said it the same time But both us, we can be in people magazine reported on the websites The couple murdered LA on Saturday and it was just on CNN So there's a chance that it might be true Anybody care anybody with a life give a flying crap about either one of them By the way, yeah, some stuff we don't care about The whole Tom and Katie Holmes things seem to just disappear Nobody hears anything from that anymore Hey Tom, you're fair Rumor is that that whole scienceology thing is freaking her out Really? Oh, doesn't she realize she was going to be a captive member I think she's coming around. She's going to be kidnapped US weekly or I'm sorry, us weekly reported that the wedding was attended by about a hundred of the couple's friends Including, well, a hundred of their friends, a hundred of their closest personal friends Included, you have a hundred friends A hundred acquaintances, maybe, but yeah friends Including, more second has been Bruce Willis Also at the wedding, we're actress Lucy Lou And we got an eighth naked picture on our beat of where I'm cutting it in Yeah, and more three daughters from a marriage to Willis More who started in ghost, GI Janine and Stifties first began dating the younger Kuchi Kuh in 2003. Just as she was making it, and guess why she also found out that he doesn't have a A But making a highly publicized return to the screen is a high kicking villain and Charlie's angels full throttle And then hit the bottle Kuchi, whose bread came as a star on TV's that 70 show is co-creator the MTV reality show punk figures It films a food guest who in 2005 and doed wears my car in 2001 The great piece of cinematography in American history. Oh yeah It was the first marriage for Kuchi and third for more. She was married from 80 to 80 Ford, Iraq musician Freddie Moore and from 87 to 2002 the Anxious Bruce Willis People magazine said Kuchi and more met at a dinner in New York City in 2003 After Kuchi began dating more the magazine city quickly carved out a place in the lives of her three daughters By Willis, rumor, rumor, rumor, rumor, 17, scout 14 By the way, speaking to remember I saw a little bit of that Columbus Chicago exhibition game last night And remember sound like he had learned how to sing again. Oh boy Who came to embrace Kuchi as a third parent of actually calling him a mod short for my my other dad The relationship between more and Kuchi has been seen by someone Hollywood as evident I say that someone Hollywood as evident survey liberating new trend in which older American women are dating younger Man challenging his traditional convention of made me simmer. I just something new right There's something new and There's no real saying that seeing that picture of Lynn Samuel's on a website with that flag from from serious They used to be on the John the Daily Show What else is name again Freddie a caro? You know who that is? I don't really I don't think so Flan boy at the screaming queen big year bald head thinks he's funny a kind of guy's that serious radio and I was gonna show on there And if you go to Lynn Stamels website, there's a picture me and Frank Carl and I would kind of know if I'll hear she is with another flag What is with that that just I don't that bugs me more than almost anything in the world these flag tags Well, what is the deal with that? What is their propensity to be like Attracted to that I'm not just talking about the gay people but just screaming flaming queens like miss bug Fair that one I self hating Nazi maybe he and Hitler did have something coming you know I thought he told me here now getting the good the oh yeah So I came across this movie last night on out TV which should you have that there probably not I haven't heard in my flip-ins Oh, but anyway was a British documentary called was Hitler gay was Hitler gay and Sure a lot of evidence in their indicates yes A bit brown by the was a lot more much of than he was I think here's the fact this is I really enjoy angel angelian abasement Boy, you please explain what inspired it By the way, please put French Canadians on your pool. Oh, yeah, and then loving okay This is I think I know who this is 560 pounds let's get a call or two on here so that audience thinks we're gonna take about a call today We might because this pool I don't think needs a lot of building we'll we can put French Canadians on here. Let's give it a shot. Hey here You go I need frogs Come to Q AM hello Sure, let me get a before get to my point about that action Cutschers who yeah, who cares yeah Those who please more to have me Wouldn't really risk a lot better than the demi more I don't know anything what was why really? He was I think was engaged in her before he made them anymore. Yeah, yeah, it matches very very beautiful They are right I'm the key rules. I would eat all of the thing yeah I don't know if they are real beard Yeah, I don't know if he's kind of a last week Did you I for also those the people who turned the judge the iron was the only plant That press court the two guys that was when a British army officer reported that there wasn't even there They they he looked down a piece of paper. He was reading call-out and it's a If it be on guy because the doctor let me take your questions. They wasn't even there. Now he's trying to be anti-jagger She's a big fan of his not all my guy. Oh, okay They they they they can't understand where was he talking to tell again upon a motion is nothing that For no, I think you had a part of motion The problem is certainly all with up into a frenzy that's good on a Monday morning You know us Monday Monday. See there's a lot of his in the pop has same genre love and spoon full right right era same era 515 votes and it's just coming up to a level of clock now Tell you one thing either we got the I think stick in the pull there at the top is what's putting us over the top don't you? Yeah, sure. Thanks to Josh for coming up with a really good idea It was Eric's fault that was jam way down to the bottom that damn air 10-507 yeah, got just the Neil Roger show Chevy plates My irritation They were getting too close to that fellow headed fighting side of Texas for a father to escape They're dropping mad push in the soil anymore push in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil push in the soil in the soil If they told it this this will be done 3,000 lives will never be a bench Because you'll bring wash buggy Also pass over you'll go to the kitchen up and cook and put the fucking push in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil That's a really push in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil Push in the soil in the soil in the soil It's not so much the foundation of going above them Governor Purdue of Georgia. I thought did it show some leadership Head of a job Governor head of a job Brian 541 votes biggest problem with South Florida too much hate 130 the Cubans 130 did flat foot of tie The drivers 55 height and humidity 53 new yorkers 44 the politicians 42 too many old farts 36 they should have a lot more votes Oh brother I should have a trillion votes talk about a screwed up demographic where the median age is death plus 20 per can's in tornadoes 33 nothing It's paradise 17 in French Canadians solamente uno Solamente un let's see cases that anybody watched 60 minutes last night. Yes. I was just talking about that K and if you see K by the way, it's our high oh man Oh man, what I was just sitting on my balls. I said they go watch 60 minutes last night. Can you see the guy in the crowd during the Pakistan we port playing with himself? Sure there was no one to start. Well see that maybe that's something symbolic about that. I did not see that Honey like that maybe there was something sublible about that K or maybe K was just hoping she saw that quite frankly I mean he's just Packing it anyway get back to that story panic in the streets baby Leaf Elizabeth and Vades Florida. Well you've got to look at this. It's in the hero on a hero website. There's a picture there. You got to see the picture Oh, even seeing lots of iguanas around the backyard lately. This big they're pretty big, but the iguanas aren't like killer lizards No, I hear it's the night of the iguanum myself. Excellent love hands spoonful Santa bell the invader I got this for you know actually somebody uh spilling swirfs under some of the most amusing stuff right You know I'm saying who gives a crap about John Sebastian love and spoonfully were good It were fine. I mean it were like very melo and low key and kind of like a slush and oh that's pop music Neal that's not rock whatever you say okay Smucks Santa bell the invader arrived further. We almost certainly by sea tucking skater little arms into a slender body A propelled itself with its rigged tail a well muscled rudder through the waters from neighboring Cape Coral or Pine Island Vrologist believe and here it is now just as the experts feared a carnivorous dagger clawed razor tooth African monitor Lizard that knows no Florida predators running a muck in a fragilator preserved with nestlings and Electable bird and turtle egg We did consider offering a reward, but we demand people to bring them from elsewhere said Judy Zamora I wonder if she's kidding her she doesn't spell the same way. Oh Judy Zamora not Judy Zamora Remember Ronnie Zamora he's out now. Yeah, I just go and Ellis Judy Zamora city manager for Santa Berlin The Southwest Gulf Coast which posted Lizards mug on this website and caution that no Infant humans be left alone We're very concerned yes She said the Nile Monitor Lizard is cousin of the evorations commodled dragon the same kind of attack Accra Sharon stones then husband in 2001 and has been the scourge of Cape Coral for years I'll be damned. I didn't know that did you know that which part commodled dragon and Cape Coral? No, of course, who now goes to Cape Coral except a bunch of real old old forests much older than even me and Hank and Mo and Eddie God are we old Joel huh? Half a dozen of also been spotted on here nearby Pine Island barely not that's not Pile on in road. That's the island Oh, they're on Pine Island road. He held a bunch of the dragons running around probably with those white hats on you know Burley two miles from by sea from Santa Balam, likely where the unwelcome newcomer pushed off I don't think we can say that can we that is from being vegetarian these lizards can eat clams fish birds mice rats spiders snakes sales Possibly marsh rabbits what tells a marsh rabbit well? They're a little dapper than a regular rabbit. I'll be damned whatever they can fit in their mouth I wonder if that's a named after Joe Marstonier basically anything they can catch the eats a great code in the University of Florida Doctoral student in wildlife biology. Oh, you know who else was on lifestyle on that special thing they had with the Brian Norcross Well, he was just in there for a minute was what's his name from the azoo? What's it they run the guilt Ron McGill was under from the zoo and he and his wife were like hiding under the during anger He's hiding under the mattress thinking that they were gonna die and she was pergling at the time He's a good guy Ron reggae is he is in fact you know something I never play that and I'm sure I'll forget to play it later So how about if I just play that thing do it? Okay, this is Ron McGill for mommy metrosoo and I listen to that Neil Rogers wanted to our hell It's even better than sex with the animals Sounds like Ron's got his own bunch of a train monkeys, you know that seems to be going around Cork hate crawl residents how locals have reported a decline number of fuel cats and fear for their pets safety All my goodness, okay keep your pets and kids inside At least one lizard has been spotted dining on a tiny endangered burrowing owl There's also the possibility of lizards remember where the where worker bees are you after you what does a worker read the best and That like their commodal cousins they hunt in packs. Oh no, I can just see a whole pack of them come out of university drive In fact, I can see him going like east on sunrise Boulevard to sunrise lakes The creature is reaching a rival on Santaville no one was photographing him even across the back here at one of them was raised Considerable alarm because 70% of the others they nature sanctuary the setting also confirmed may troubling Southward migration of the monitor Lizard all be at one long anticipated by biologists they're here. They're here. It's been up the British were coming But now Lizards good if somebody saw one animal is probably more this has been my biggest fear all along that they spread south said Tom Campbell a Volodist at University of Tampa and at monitor lizard eradication program and keep crawl Campbell that it would be surprised if the monitor lizards when I already established in South Florida There's been a lot of sightings down there he said Nile monitor lizards were first recorded reported and came crawl a decade or so ago and quickly Flurist in the long-standing city's formed odd miles of canals official suspected they were first loosed by ill intention reptile traders Are unsuspecting pet owners startle that their hand-sized hatchling go into an ordinary 30 pound 7 foot long adult the lizards current population came close That's a more than a thousand and when they nested they around 60 eggs Should we produce faster than yeah Go in the blank there a lot of me could put in there. Actually than your people I'll go back to that again. Yeah, we'd say get we handle that on Friday. Yeah, so lamented dose Where's that do's? 566 votes on Apple we got a shot at 600 a during the show so many 10 after 11 what's that schedule looks like this week Looks kind of pristine and clean to me although Friday hence said oh he's he's gonna be doing a show Friday from the Yorkie and tell me that He's saying he's going to the Yorkie's doing a show Friday from the York well if Mokin do it right right if Mokin The hopper can and a candy man can we got Moette to it says here I don't know from the local or from New Yorker from hunger where he's gonna be mad dog is four I'm sure he'll be abooted over the dolphin surprising victory shocking win over the much-operated care a lot of panthers yesterday Marlins on deck at 630 anybody care about the marlins anymore No, well, I said at this town is so fast to jump on it off bad wagons It's about the fastest the only 10 they move faster is when the early bird opens. I mean, it's just unbelievable On a marlins, they suck okay they choked in a stretch and they stink and they have an all-asus scrabbles in the other You see that thing Josh about AJ grenade and Mokin get into it. Yeah, he ripped him You know, he ripped me I'd be mad too if I'd been stuck in the last part of the season Yeah, well, they're letting up their frustration now because when the chips were down It really folded up like an accordion. Hey, you can't win in every year. You know, you can't Real places they support their names. I think just to show what our real great sports town it is I think the publisher turned out and drove tonight for that Washington National Florida Marling You do at the P.P. Park right down the street there. No. No. What do you say? What's your prediction? Okay, I'm the announced attendance for nine about 17,000. Well, I'm now still what I haven't been out I'm not real. I mean, yeah, I'm talking about the phantom cry down. I'll go with 22 22 people or thousand 20 Oh, man the Washington that you know, I'll be honest with you. I mean, there's what 60 in plus The next year only I think a pair a couple behind the Marlins Well, it doesn't really matter No, it doesn't matter. It's just the idea that it would be embarrassing to finish behind the first year Washington that's Formally the expose and then any case. I was the baseball game That's our awarding Christine line up here on QM as it looks like we're coming back to like abnormal here this way We're coming back on to what end would? 571 votes. We've got to have 600 before 1115 or my name is squat never happened But yeah, let's start pushing them. Okay. I mean we did like almost 3,000 over the weekend and most of them were real You people at the Freepthus would journey over the weekend. We like to send your ass on a journey. Okay, a long journey put them on a space shuttle Of all the groups to pick you or we just think maybe it was for real Yeah Maybe the journey fan club got wind of our pool and they decided to hop on it 12 hours speaking of hop on it Put the person and do the job You had to see the picture that went along with that audio you had to see I mean I'm glad I did that story We had about his drinking again. I have no doubts. Plus it was in the inquire So it's probably two in the first place, but I mean this you talk about coming on glued and tattoo and strongly brood Christian to ask the net question. Yeah, I bet Here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong for the homestead They've always treated everybody like family another one We're still in offer to do the join their family for naturally is extended their for-family plan a few more days to September They 30 about Turned man and right now at Armstrong for to homestead you get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families begin Not only do you get employed family pricing, but just still also get Armstrong for its unbelievable exclusive tires and batteries for like program And for limited time with a new car purchase you also get on top of this a color TV for free All of these things what are you waiting for pick up the phone and call David Richardson 05 247 51 12 You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town no games no playing games in your credit cards your keys No bait in the Swiss no phone details this fantastic offer is waiting for you only at Armstrong for homestead Really always treat everybody like family Armstrong for visit US one south west 307 street just 20 easy minutes out to the 836 you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town. We'll bet fat boys life on it Check them on the web arms drunk cars. Come and then give David a call at 305 247 51 12 and ass David rich about the Ford family plan today Grab a few miles extra and save yourself thousands and casidians at Armstrong for it Of homestead This is new This is five 62 Hey everybody half brown and brown a countable for everybody brown and brown as a human being I'll make this a point that but I got around those and I know where the point is that was no runs You get them saved They don't worry about looking at any way I did everything I possibly can This romance of all for the club's land Oh, what a job I had a vector of people when I much more than a weeps of the steamer and a blue list of a fair It's his skin's brown nose and the real It's his skin's brown nose and the real new all means is right out in gone With no use and I did one heck of a job and it's your pays off to be a crown and another white And he's the Christian Bowling the national guard is down there now With all of us just to get the press out a town everybody go home There's nothing to see Everything here is picture pain over her tank gave us Bob A. B. C. for Neocon social into me and we like the giant republic It's way to He's his for our Lord and King Praise Jesus for our Lord and King How worried compassion what we assign In turn so right to have this black's and you descend to say it's a national disgrace That you'd never back in the first place This is no time to play the blame day since we know that Her retainers called by games who are not the right guy A home like sky he would play and then go home Oh, we're achieving the America's right wing dream You pick everybody like me and there's a ring of a big Get to the top round those in the rich for how I just said in my heels Maybe in horses I'd rather you than than watch floating horses on the negligent murder now And I'll keep going down to keep my nose round I'll take the gift murder now, but I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown Pfft K ohne my piggy Oh By aliens You been kid that by alien? Where did I dump you? I'm looking for keys. How about quirky? That in the market? Where? In the Mexico. Where? In the Mexico. How about cookies? Yes. Thousands of tourists. No, not the Mexico. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to me. I want to get married. I really do. I just thought I was kicked out by aliens. Oh, I believe you. I think I showed him. I think I sure have. I think I sure have. He does. The aliens. I've showed him. Oh, you say, sure hearing me like, Ryan, secret, sure. Oh, the longer than that. The longer like Bobbiol. Oh, I think I don't think it's your dad. Oh, I don't think he'll ever. I believe you, where are you? Can I pick you? I've got a seven-eleven. I've loved it. Yes. Can you give me a slurpee? What? Slurpee. What? Slurpee? What? Like a blue bar, it was. I just think I'm not. I think it's your slurpee. All right, I'll get a Michelle. You really been kidnapped, honey? I'm so pale into the blue bed. A aliens job of blue, I am. Yeah. Like a Chevy van? No. Did a Ford? No. What kind of a ending? I think I'm a man. Is that the only thing to eat? Is that the probe you've been? No. Focus. No. Prad, yes. No. My blood. No, you can't. I'm not coming. I won't stay in the cellar. I don't want to burn the day. No. What? No, I don't. But I forgive you. I don't care. You come home. I'm not coming home. I'm not going to stop me. Bye bye. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Joey, soy divides me for the award. You're welcome polievative prayer there. And that's because I had another fear fox ofive gazeiro time, I wouldn't have it Before I take off. If it's not just a browse for my fan ass a little bit which come up with all the articles you send from the New York Times you have to be want break in hard times as you've heard and I don't know how I should the page, in being a private pilot and say what to do? With mainly that role, what I'm not able to view they are, you're not putting it in a dream. Just up in past couple of days of that. Well, in other words, how much you have to pay? I don't know if you're online you do it how much is it? I don't remember it's like 50 bucks a year something like that. Okay, there you go. Well I'll include that in your next check smuck but I mean you can't just not put the stories on because you have to pay for it. Are things that times that tight? Couser tight here. Get outta here tight this. That man. You're lonely if you box or whatever, just put it on your just credit card. Get outta here, will ya? You've got a credit card. Stop being such a quizling man. In Scolar right next time we put it on the pole. Love and spoonful. Well whatever, so I apologize if you people can't get to the stories but Josh ain't subscriber. Go ahead and do it. Okay, we're perfect. I check I was thinking of sending this week in the other episode on a pony make it real slow. The story I was trying to find and this is not one they had to subscribe. It's right on the front page on their website. It taxed in Iraq, this is just in. Kill 16 more including five teachers slain at a school. I mean and we sing anything about this in me. No, we saw your president bumbling and fumbling there with his latest announcement about his high level discussions with the energy leaders and his good Saudi friends and about they want to expand the or the whatever. Right, they want to expand their profits and they do want to help a job and they're raping the public, they're raping the world. The old I.L. Like I told in the first place, oh I.L. And M.O. Any why even Tommy James and the Shawn Dells and Money money. They know what it's all about. I bet you Josh knows Tommy James and the Shawn Dells. Not. Yeah, I listen all the time. Do you know who they are? No. Maybe if I heard a song like I said, don't subscribe. A group of armed men, there you go. Money money, baby, that's what makes the world go around. Like I said, and that will be like so much network. Well, the Lord is a business Mr. Beal and he's right. Just like all these religions that these idiots out there including a lot of people listening to me right now that you keep subsidizing. It's just business man. It's just business. It's business and control. It's M.O. any why in C.O. and T.R.O. L.E. control. Can I read this story or not? I don't know how your Tommy James and the stick in Shawn Dells. If I never heard them again, and I don't know where they were. They were all right for about five minutes. A group of armed men burst into a crimson and clover my ass. A group of armed men burst into a primary school and town south of Baghdad rounded up five teachers, marched into an empty classroom and executed them a police official said, all those killed were Shiites. Ah, Shiite. It was close to the end of the school day about one paim in the town of Musaia 38 miles south of Baghdad when 10 gunmen dressed as police officers ended up building in South of teachers today. Man also shot and killed the teachers driver who was waiting outside and taken home for the day the official said the attack is especially cool as it took place while children were still at school. How do you like the little H.N.A.N. that rhymes? It rhymes at times. Was the worst in a string of attacks across the market that let the 16 people did including three American soldiers when who were killed in the road vehicles at Rochide it's just violence and bloodshed and we've got all those you know we got to settle like trucks over there we could be televising live anytime we wanted any craft that's going on because it's our puppet regime that's over there anyway but nevertheless you don't see nothing to see anything see where you go 925 thousand plus without electricity in the Texas and when they're reading the audio and the same old stuff over and over again although I wouldn't mind seeing Rob Marceano again but nevertheless but instead we get Renee calmly who's with energy Luzian I guarantee one thing to know F.N.L. thank God Cruz came to our aid how do you like that town Cruz came to the race you're fairie and what you said? certainly so yeah hey Tommy you're not fooling anybody you know this house like I used to be about the only one I guess because me with a big mouth and no brains but I used to be the only one that I was always talking about him well you guys got that built in radar yeah that's what you are but for now it's like commonplace even the bits that were playing I mean everybody you're not fooling anybody Tommy come out come out you're where that scienceology crap okay come out of the closet be like a real fag man and cut the crap okay you kind of a cult following a small but cult following 27 it's like you know that mission impossible I think was about all these merges he's had that's what that's about he's not fooling nobody and of course we all know those adopted kids kind of like Michael Jackson those those make believe care the other test to baby the test to babies right the test to babies how did you sleep last night in a recent national survey by the national sleep foundation fewer than half Americans before getting good night sleep most nights one of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new great Simmons beauty race queen set for my friends at dialometres this Simmons beauty rest features individually pocketed coils so you walk through your partner thrashing and rashing and bashing during the night right now price is just 599 bucks this is for a limited time only so pick up the phone call 1 800 mattress right now and ask for their neodial it's that Simmons beauty rest for just 590 man bucks plus a portion of every dialometres purchases being donated to the hurricane Katrina relief when you call 1 800 mattress you'll get same day delivery all across south Florida and when you call 1 800 mattress you can choose from a deepest selection you still pick the two hour window that eight in time for delivery to fit your schedule when you want them to show up and dialometres does show up on time 99.7 percent of the time almost as high for sending is time breaking the fourth quarter yesterday all of us here at 2 m are using dialometres new out of be doing the same log on the mattress dot com or give them a call right now at 1 800 mattress they can be taken away your crappy old mattress and put it in a new one by tonight by today have a great night sleep on a brand new bed from dialometres call 1 800 m a t t r a s leave off the last s because it stands for stew pennies savings is new Roger this is 5 16 and they don't come any better than Todd Keller talk about your death long presidents of you ain't kidding goodbye George you got to go me oh my own you got to go home because I'm a bad all the bio but you sure put a quick when it came to sick carry shower son of a bush is a food your two shall say goodbye young that's a tragic while people drown you play the round of relaxing golfer well he was on vacation for IRT's and not your couple key that's ever been down whoops and no one can't do even prepare for the worst of there you go you were the one busy have infertant rational know the on best to get at a later date that's real bullshit holding your situation once that dot should get locked up so it don't continue but no one will get played with age and play know his will roll apart hand as for this a be a slap on a wrist and no charges fire what a surprise because you're a liar no one gets fired with each new mess so nobody a new death toll a slip in the pulse that's no problem a little fix it your spin the she will deal with new will reams because that's their job as per usual son of a bush is a foot in your church you're all in it we just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no brain no problem so you made it obvious that these can most of us you have their chain what's that and what's with that smurf you stupid jerk when people have died oh so the bull beats you should be a piece and we mean pronto you're a solid favor get them out you're here jackass you don't subscribe it's 100 bucks a month hey by the way yes why don't you just tell you know the next story you send me yeah just yeah you know on the top put your little password and then I'll see you get it put it up where oh there's a good idea okay I'll handle it I can do that just be careful with it now if you gave you it like held up in a parking lot and somebody sticks in a knife to your throat throw don't be given them my password well it's only only for done I see okay and I was the other thing all count down to kick off with QM today seven to nine payment the press room 1233 Lincoln wrote in south beach stop by for prizes ring specials and watch Monday night football Kansas City will pulverize who to play in Denver I think yes oh brother I mean talk about a mismatch that's seven nine at the press room in south beach with five sixty QAM the old fart station yeah it's a one good thing about the NFL now you got parity so almost all the teams really suck except of course for the bucks and the Patriots other than that everybody sucks one say 141 votes on a pool we get to 700 by noon I think we got a thousand left you know we're kicking at ancient style here don't you think if we get 700 by noon that what we get a thousand by a two o'clock man okay this has become like habitual now and on you journey people feel free to treat this full by the way a million times between now and two o'clock let's take journey on there okay go ahead oh I got another one I got another one the biggest problem south Florida is uh what's your name? Florida Stefan okay and you can put journey and what about rosanna Danell we do have the politicians but she's a special breed put on a whole bunch of stuff on there okay and maybe they can take one of those and they can run with it and by tomorrow you can't like 50 thousand votes for it and they'll really pull the wool over our eyes yeah the biggest problem south Florida is six hundred and forty nine votes two much hate hundred and forty nine hate that the humans under forty eight well I like a lot of them but uh not so much but you know the ones are like yeah no I don't hey listen that's just me I'm the only one who feels that way about things so anyway that Rob Marcia and the weather guy and CNN the driver 69 heat and humidity uh 64 the politicians 55 New Yorkers 52 what a breed oh boy the rotten apple two many old farts 46 how come that's gone down so far maybe they all died you say it's possible it's not just they can more hurricanes and tornadoes 40 one nothing it's paradise 23 and a half percent say it's paradise absolutely and French Canadians have only got a small pair those pepsies those frogs five six WQAM hello QAM I want you to get to call waiting they vanish probably was Ed McMan WQAM hello hey here how are you doing today pretty good sir I was wondering if you saw President Bush's news conference I caught about an hour gone in the sendy see we was an hour ago was I'm just a few minutes ago oh well he was asked for the opinion on role versus Wade yeah and he said it didn't matter to him how people got out of New Orleans as long as they got out right old already yeah older than Matthews was grandma five six seven oh five six feet pound five six to leave around you know so he said it like click and like uh okay he's kicking his instance man WQAM hello how are you doing pal right all right listen I'm going for a pool yep liberal facts liberal facts okay thanks for listening to the highway the Rogers trip I don't thank you okay to me liberal facts how many but turn man WQAM hello yes sir hello Neil yes how are you great cry yeah and I can ask you something chronic uh it's about sports that I don't want you to get mad to late yeah yeah um what's what's your problem with the car with what what what what's your problem with Bobby car it's a great coden huh he's a great coach he's not a coach he's a manager jackass what I say anything about Bobby Cox are we talking about Bobby Cox no see the the must be yes is school out today or something is this the general Monday because it was the center of the circle era early usually the way to look on that's right so I'm looking at how much time it's long so almost a long time all your little who the old buddies who sit around a pass in the phone they're passing back and forth and the phone too my buddy yeah if your buddies made a heat to like boys now what's that all about because I'm not one of them I'm not a little who you'll faggot like them oh I see well maybe they'd like you to join their client oh they would tell me you can't find you and hello you got a stay on top of the whole we made a mistake what are you gonna make a mistake in my day yeah I'm telling you it's unbelievable it's not all right great isn't it wasn't even the blurt went out either there was excellent how many QAN hello good meal what's going on yes sir what's the every day excellent what is it we're gonna know the radio okay yeah turn down that stupid ass radio man and then turn up thing out yeah that's going on the way up but I figure I would keep you on the water so you're fine okay no one's your pole please always well I can always we do a great well our while I was going around I said everyone I hear yeah which is maybe what we got this population problem 19 till noon if you and the mole myster from somewhere he's out of this world of two this is real rubbish there's a no no this is five sixteen two eight sprjay are describe okay I'm on me, because I come from my vacation for up front of opportunity. Swing your partner around and round. Now build a swimming pool in the water, but stay on the stream to go after the ride. Here we go. Sign a little mud out there, we'll see go. All the dust, three knots, biking those people free. To the first of the leaves, the end of the night, make this for an air-wrecking. Oh, come on, guys, go! He's got it! He's got it! Oh, oh, oh, oh, fuck! It's hot, it's hot! I think it's safe to say that all these things take out air to watch the game of football. And to see football, come on, it's half a day. Go for it, punch down, and then you need another five points in the other screen. You're a swimming pool, touch down, it's under the air. I love footballer. Touch down! Oh, my, I miss that you, so I'm on your side. And you will sing, my name is Vincent. Vincent of Session. They are, we can't about no one to give you. Oh, I'm feeling the vision. It's like, I'm on a just a game, baby. And I'll tell you, Tom Brady, sure, look, could yesterday you played great too. 600 and 78 votes, we'll make that 700 by noon, or my name ain't more to more shorts. I don't see Journey on the pool. That would do it. We get about 2,000 if you would do that. Oh, you really want me to do that? Yeah, why not? Did you just get the message I sent you? I can look. Well, just take a puke at and see if you got it. And that shouldn't give you the info that you'd be looking for. Big day today, are you worried this? How much do you know? See, this is what kills me about these so-called news people. Anyway, don't start with that hockey step again, although the Panthers October 5, 13, and it's held season any first at all. What I just say, what was I saying before I got interrupted by that? The, the important of the story I heard is, intelligent design trial, against the impensalvania. And what I was saying is about the news meeting about they put all this garbage on there, and all the bad stuff that's going on and erect a bloodshed and the murder and the violence and the grotesque crap. It's like, maybe if you watched a crawl on the bottom, maybe you'll see something about that. But probably not. Might be. Yeah, it's just pathetic. And also this, this is a very, very huge story, even more important than those losers. By the way, did you check that thing out? Did you look at it? No, I didn't. Go to the Herald Web site. Go to mymeherald.com. For, let me do it right now. One moment please. Because when I guess that'll be on tomorrow, Josh, that's story about the dragon I sent that to you there, I guess. Yeah, yeah, it'll be on tomorrow. And when people are, we're, click the link so you can see the original story on the Herald. We, are you on a page, George? I'm on the main Herald page. Leithel, I, Lizard and Vade's Florida. There it is. Okay. Okay. I've got that. And look at a picture. Look how big that thing is. I've seen people smaller than that. Oh, yeah. Man, he, Bell. Well, I've seen them in nature shows. They're, they're quite, I've never seen like that. They can climb trees. They can leap. Maybe that's what's in my roof. Probably. You probably got one of them, come old or dragons up there. Well, it sounds too big to be a rat. Well, you got rats, call up the door or buddy there. I, I don't know what this is name again. Our video. Even page from alternative to my management. I'll turn it, turn my management. Thanks to them. We can see the page are the best. You got bugs. You got rats. You got whatever you got. I mean, it sounds really big. I think clump it around if there's a like a problem. It's probably a raccoon. Okay, or possum. Or could be a possum that's possible. Or one of these giant monitor lizards could be that. Look at that thing. Well, maybe you can bring it as a pet. Especially for the hungry daughter. I'm not a company. Giant lizard as a pet before. Me too. Huh. Intelligence design, trial begins in Pennsylvania. They, a court case brought by parents in Pennsylvania could have a profound impact on America's debate over religion and rule in public life. Enough of it already. Okay. There are too many serious problems going on now. You're destroying the damn planet with your stinking global warming and all your evil emissions. Cut the crap already. All this hoax, pocus, all this nonsense, all the garbage. It's the fear of the unknown like that, a Michael Morthing and also when it's, uh, thing you were talking about, powerlighters, power nightmares. Keep everybody scared. Keep them in the state of frenzied and then you can do whatever you want. Yeah. Take away all their freedom. Break them for gas. And from safety. Safety. Safety. Anyway, get back to this. Dover Pennsylvania. I was going to say I wonder if dover downs is no, but it's in Dover Delaware. As you probably know, they got slothed there by the way. They were a gigantic person. In the beginning, members of the Dover area school district board rang over what should be required in their high school biology curriculum. Somewhere adamant that science teacher should stick with a lively taught theory of evolution and random solution. Others said that teaching of intelligent design should also be required. Arguing that certain elements of life like self structure are best explained by an intelligent cause. But cockroaches, somebody really intelligent invented them. They got that hard shell even in your step on them. If it's step on them, if it's step on them like three, four, a whole bunch of time. That's turned man. They took their feet. The debate had strong religious overtone. Nearly 2,000 years ago. Someone died on a cross for us at board member William Buckingham. I bet you jacked on those of Buckinghams. Kind of a drag. Don't you remember that song by the Buckinghams kind of a drag kind of a... Huh? Oh. I don't remember that. Don't remember that. You're all comfortable. They've been all the hit. Said board member William Buckingham who urged his colleague Susan. There it is. Susan, I think you're losing. And now you're getting ready for a bruise in anyway. Nearly 2,000 years ago somebody died on a cross for us. What do we dig a list concept? Said board member William Buckingham who urged his colleagues to include and tell you to design a ninth grade science classes. Shouldn't we have the courage to step up for him? And it's got him with a small agent this which surprises me. Although this one's smoking champion of those heavens. Yeah, they probably decabitalized it. Today a trial begins over the... Don't make a capital case out of a way. Today a trial begins over the board's decision last year ordering that students be taught about intelligence and design and the flaws in Charles Darwin's theories. Several parents fearing the intrusion of religion and the public schooling filed the lawsuit to block the policy backed by the ACU attorneys. Activists on both side believe the stakes are high in the case, which is divided into small, rural town about 100 miles west of Filta Alphia. They proceedings in a Harrisburg and by the way Rodney Harrison gets into the state and the paper is still when how do you like that? He's one of our main men. You do know that touch. He wasn't the only one. And they got a whole bunch. Yeah. And he still kicked this. The proceedings in a Harrisburg federal court will be the first legal town to the mandatory teaching of the design which is championed by a growing number of crazy, mani, a Christian fundamentalist to come up a bunch of dangerous people. A bunch of lunatics, a bunch of far-bison, as the Chinese column. The verdict to be rendered by the West history judge John E. Jones, the third, can have a profound impact on America's cultural wars over religion and its role in public life. Witnesses are expected to bait whether the intended design, contingent, is scientifically valid, or a Trojan horse designed to subvert Darwin's theories. We're fighting for the first amendment to separation of church and state the integrity of schools at Filta Alphia Attorney Eric Rothschild, who is sending up with a battery of Pennsylvania ACU lawyers to argue the case. This trial should decide whether the school board can impose its religious views on other students. The statement on its own into design to prove that over school board was ready to land for its science students in January, and will be ready to get this year and part it reads in part. Because Darwin's theory is a theory, it continues to be tested as new evidence is discovered. The theory is not a fact. Gaps in theory exists for which there is no evidence and tells in design as next Sunday's the origin of life that differs from Darwin. We respect any theory students have occurred to keep an open mind. Not, don't believe these lunatics, these religionists, these the God squad, they're crazy and they make up a much of a lonely so they can get your mind and grab your money and brainwash your ass and the rest of you two someday. Just take a look at all those people doubting and all those Muslim kids that are those damn democracies and they're rocking back and forth or anything. Then they get down in their hands and these and stick their nose and the guys ass and further down those magic carpets. What kind of mania is that what lunacy? Not to mention of course those Orthodox Jews that throw them bricks at those women at the wailing wall. Well, I guess those bricks are good for something, right? There you go. Remember that somebody else you sent after these bricks are made for even? Yes. Several days after the board six days we've order proving the intelligent design where as a lunatic three to sending members reside in protest, in November to oppose these slaves will vile for seven open seats on the board. One backing the teaching of intelligent design the other strongly opposed. Board members in their allies also believe that freedom's arts state, they've blasted the ACLU for seeking a gag order on what teachers can say they're gagging on it. The issue is bubbling out of the surface all over the country but the dober board had to their convictions said Richard Thompson, she counseled for the Michigan based Thomas Moore Law Center a bunch of far-visin. Go ahead. The Center promotes indefensive religious freedoms of Christians. He sent this hand-in case pro bono, pro sunny bono. If all this sounds early reminiscent of another case on evolution that is 80 years ago, 80 years ago are we making some progress or why? No, it leaps. 80 years ago the scopes trial and date and tendency with those trained monkeys. Tested the legality of a state law banning the teaching of evolution that case which inspired the young people to be in her at the wind featured an epic courtroom confrontation between attorney George Dero who was played by was the Charles Lawton who played parents to Dero. I forget. I look at it. Was it Paul Munie? Who was it? Scott Munie? Between attorney, attorney, attorney, attorney, attorney, attorney, attorney against the law and former Democratic presidential candidate, William Jennings Bryant, no relation to an eater who defended the statute. You know he lost three times. I think he's the only one ever. Ran three times in law three times. What do you think Jennings need to Brian? Although teacher John Scopes was convicted of violating the law, he states a cream court leader overturned the verdict suspended a sentence. Suspended a sentence. As in date and over policies have been roiled. The pages of very newspaper has been filled with letters pro and con and the national media have increasingly focused on the case. But there's a notable voice missing from the free. The discovery incident influential Seattle based organization that backs the intelligence designer argument is not supporting the law for board. We oppose any effort to require the teaching of a talented design. Said John G West, senior fellow at the Institute. This is a side show where politics in the front of hijack. And mandated he added saying that the Institute was also appalled that the ACLU is attempted to block the teaching until the design with a gag order. Residents of Dover and Paris sharply divided as the school board. The only thing they seem to agree is on the growing media coverage is becoming really terrorists. It's getting ponderous. So who do you want to know who played in the movie and heard the wind? Who played the Ernst D'Rale? All spurtacer. That's your phrase. That's right. He's a hundred. Yeah. He didn't take Ernst D'Rale. Who's in that movie though? Right. Well, who played Ernst D'Rale? Yeah. I don't even see him on here. How could that be? What do you mean by that? Can we have they didn't use the real names? Right. Frederick Marks, King Kelly. Right. Dick York. King Kelly. No, he dancing in that one or not. A whole couple minutes till noon is five. Six, he's having a few at him. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. Um. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. He salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. If we've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, it's not the count on FEMA Director Michael Brown. What can President for you now? Our parents leave nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. Master Better God Call. Stifty two billion dollars has been allocated by the US government. But you've created so much red tape. The victims won't receive it till money, bro. So Michael Brown, you're the winner. When all is said and done, you will lose your job faster than you can say. E-colors. Ow! And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston Afterdon home too. Three hundred a child, girl. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. You'll clipboard your stupid Navy blue FEMA shirt and your comon shirt. You are our real American A-hole. 730 votes. That's a third man. One at Paul the biggest problem with South Florida is the Cuban's 167. Too much hate 160. The driver 79, he humidity 74. Pondices in 59, New Yorkers 58. Too many all-farts 50. Perkins in turnators 40. Nothing is paradise 28, 3.8%. People who are people who have been anywhere else. I guess. Friends Canadians for Gloria Steph on 3 and journey. So far it's got the big, oh wait till a big journey. Fan club finds out. And they'll go zoom into the top. I'm sure. I'm positive. Now I just got through mentioning before about the media and their work coverage. And here we are again. Here's Cameron Percelusian on CNN and they're Hawking and Hawking and Hawking again. And I'm in granted. It's a few manga stories. What's MSNBC? Oh, they got the guy standing there in New Orleans. Ron Blom. And we got water up to his duplicate. And there's Ron Reagan Jr. The Banner. Hey, Ronnie. You're fair. They have a ballet dancer. But for example, this weekend, you might not know that there were hundreds of thousands of protesting against the war in Iraq. I saw like two seconds of it on the news. I didn't see any seconds. I didn't see first seconds or thirds about this story. Nothing. And of course, any time people are protesting to the highlighted day feature it on the American media. Of course not. Because it's not good for the establishment. Talk of a pervinist. More than 100,000 protesters, but it watched in Saturday. The United States dual demonstrations against the West Side War in Iraq and economic globalization before coming together to demand that President Bush brings the troops home. Now, look at that. There's a line missing from this story. I'd like that Cindy Shea, an anti war protestor. Some was killed in fighting in Iraq. Was there camping out in Crawford, Texas. Very much of August while Bush was vacationing there. Her rallies drew crowds. It's sometimes never in the hundreds. As she demanded meeting with Bush. Will be the checks and balances on this out of control criminal government. She and said, was becoming anti wars best known face. She told the crowd gathered at the ellipse of Park We High to White House. In LA, about 15,000 people protested peacefully while thousands of marches in San Francisco and in London urging an end of military action nearly 30 months. But third man after an invasion lasted the Saddam Hussein. The crowds in March and 12 throughout the day. And by late afternoon, organizers of demonstrations said 300,000 people are assembled. We're seeking the anticipated 100,000. Meanwhile, the counter demonstration, boy, today draw some people or what? You know how many? About 400. Support for U.S. troops fighting your broad mix with anger toward anti-war demonstrators at home as hundreds of people far fewer than organized and expected rallied Sunday on the national mall just tens of days after hundreds of thousand protests against the war on Saturday. No matter what your ideals are, our sons and daughters are fighting for our freedom, said Maryland fats, who drove from New York Jersey to attend the rally. We're making a mockery out of this all-way and we need to stand united but we're not. That's right. Just goose step in line sweetheart. That's what eight all said. Hey eight all. You're fair. About 400 people. What a protest. What a you can get that many in a phone booth. I know quarter there. Right by Chuck Siv Center. Right on the entire place. There's more than. They were in for their drugs. About 400. That's another Chuck's that's right up to street a little bit by the barbershop. About 400 people get the nearest stage on the eastern segment of the mall. A large patchwork American flag serving as a bank drop in mid-banners and signs proclaiming support for the U.S. troops. Several speakers held the effort to bring democracy to Iraq and Afghanistan. They did not those who protested many demonstrators focused their iris in the Xi'an because she's evil. She's an evil to run all out of their stuff because she tells them what they don't want to do. The truth. Your kids are dying for nothing. They want to say those things because it's bad for business and bad for world prices too. Thank you again Mr. President for these bargain basement or prices and for padding the mark on its collective heads and what a nice dress you made before when he went but it would be. But it would be. But it would be. But it would be. But it would be. It would be. And we'd just build up the market. Let's take a look! It's going to be tight and it looks wonderful. Kick Kick Kick demain! That's one of a great polished climbers it is. I thought you were my buddy, my pal, my little, you know, pocket socket, rocket. I said, he's a kind of like small amount. If he gets to come in your pocket, like many bell, you know? Turns out to be a real mean spirited, bald-headed geek. WDQ, I am, hello. Neil, are you doing pretty good, sir? Spirey Port from the march on Saturday. I was up there this weekend. Yeah. And they were there for 300,000 people there. It was jam packed. I was a little bit more than happy to send George or you guys some photos that I took if you want to check it out. Yeah. We believe you. It was great to have speakers, you know, the march. There was a rally right before the march on the ellipse. And just there were so many people that was still in down. If anybody knows, do you see down past the monument, you know, along where a long constitution has been, you know, then the march took place, and I mean, the streets were jam packed. And that's because, like, great power there. Really well organized. And you're right. The news even in DC, I mean, I'm the hurricanes we knew, you know, it was going to overshadow it, but just there was absolutely no coverage of it. But it was happening and I'll send George to the QAM site, some pictures of you. Okay, great. Thanks a lot, Paul. All right, you're excited. You're excited. Whatever it is, you know what it is. You know where to go. Okay, what's this thing you're sending me now? Brian and Pompano B. So you should glory our step-on votes being included with the Cubans on your phone. No, she's a separate category all into herself. He's evil on and see here we go again with a mobile machine for adding individuals motion, I say no on Mo. You leave him off of this one. No, no, no, no, not today until we find out where he is, then we'll open an ass. Here's a facts that says from Eric, if the schools have to teach an alternative theory of evolution, line not also teach self-centered theory of history that says the Holocaust never existed. The Nazis supporting intelligence, a Zion should really go for that, since it was just those sinning Jews rounded up and executed, and the Lord's going to slaughter them anyway during the rupture and magnitude. That's a good point. That was the Jews and the Fags and the Gypsies and all these other undergarbles. You know Hitler was then plund-haired blue-eyed race. I saw him will be, I did I mention the son of Aaron Nye. I don't know. I told you about it. Yeah, I said, oh you made it. What's it? Or gay? Freakly gay. Not that, you know, anybody ought to be proud of that. But that seems to go with the territory with him and that Aba Brown was a real bull-dye. She was just a beard. She was to Hitler with Angelina Jolie or who's the other one? A Margo Kitter. For all the other ones at Tom Cruise and Supposedly of Mary. Oh, Mimi Rogers. And Mimi, oh Mimi, screaming Mimi with a huge giant... She wasn't the only screamer in that family. Not whatever. It's all just a bunch of bull crap. And of course, Katie Sherlock Holmes. And speaking of the anti-Cindy Sheen movement man, I'm telling you, they're really pro-airack war people are really coming through. And extraordinary appeal to Americans from the Bush administration for money to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq. And so much has raised eight bucks. Six hundred dollars. Woo! This is an article in the UK Observer. Yet since the appeal was launched earlier this month, the nations and rebuild new Orleans have attracted hundreds of millions of dollars. I think it's almost 900 million out from the Red Cross. So it's over billion if you put all your money. And by the way, the Red Cross, we got a skating article about them. I put on the website. And correctly so. And you're probably saying, well, how can you put this thing up on you at the banner at? Well, we got to do something, you know? That's the best I can do. But I'm still very leary at the Red Cross, especially after 9-11. And especially when we're about to bureaucratic waste. And especially when we go about the goal they had to say, well, we saved the couple of million off on the side so we can use that for fighting the war on terrorism. What those are Red Cross got to do with the war on terrorism in politics? He might have an eye. Anyway, the public's reluctance to contribute much more than the cost of two iPods to the tent to offer citizens a further stake in building a free and prosperous Iraq has been seized on by critics as evidence of a growing ambivalence over Iraq. This coincides with the concern over the increasing cost of the war more than 30 billion. Not 30 million. Has been appropriated for the reconstruction initially, Mark has oversees a agency, USAID, expected to cost taxpayers more than no more than 1.7 billion. But now it's asking the public if they want to contribute even more money. No thanks. I gave it to the office. By the way, John, should you get that thing? I got it. No, okay. Is it working? I don't know. Let me try. It's understood to be the first time that the US government's made the appeal to taxpayers for 4.8 money. Contributors have no way of knowing who received their donations even where they may go. After official said details are had to be kept secret for security reasons. USAID's head or layman did not know it was disappointed with a meager somewhere as an after a fortnight. Every little help she says. In the past 12 months of American while we know about that. $600 for the most short-sharing time. Wow. Plus rebuild a rack. Don't you want to help rebuild a rack? No. You're doing it every time you go to the agasties. Actually what you're helping is help the Saudi princess get more cocaine. More that white powder. It is just absolutely unacceptable what's going on. And the media says back by the meat. But it will put about and we see all these guys waiting up to their armpitch and water and standing out there in the boiling and raining and on a big deal. We're unimpressed. We're non-plused. We're disgusted. This just fed up. The media is pathetic. Every one of you in a media and I know like I said all the networks have Miami bureaus and CNN with your damn Miami bureau. Except for our friend, I want to name everybody else at CNN should die. I wicked death and also a jack-haffery. We like him. The Kennedy. Except for those two. The rest of the misfested. That Mrs. Lindbaugh. That turned code bitch. And those bubble heads they have on at scumiles of Brian. And that's so late dad. Oh god. And what is this now? It is Bush look. They got the CNN cap's on. They got the hair back in a ponytail or a bun. What is that? That's the action news look. All I see. It sends me to action. It sends me right to my button. I want to see where it caused me. I want to see her drown in the Orleans. I paid big money to see that. If I made wooden sticker in a bathtub with plain clothes. Maybe they didn't have a good time in there. You never know. 1213 at 5.60WQA. And what was the other movie in the bathtub? All it was in the... The... The Jack Nicholson movie. Which word? Where the old of the broad comes out of the bathtub. What did they want that was so complicated? The shining. And that's what he means to like an 800-year-old shoe. Anyway, when you're shopping for shoes, comfort fit and bargains is what it's all about. And of course, if you're looking for a combination of all of the above, get over to Brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes. Brandy's carries a humongous, unbeatable selection of all the top brands in the shoe business. Whatever brand you like, they got it. Rockports, floor shine, new balance, Mufisto, SAS. And Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure you've got to customize fit. That's the most important part of your favorite comfort shoe every time. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price. And if Brandy's chances are you're always going to find the style you like in your size on the shelf or in your Slyf on your feet. The pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort and Brandy's even specializes in wide wits as well. Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere for comfort style, fit, value and selection. Brandy's shoes at 12.90 North Edible Highway in Paparobito, Pinedy. Monday through Saturday, saline and Sundays till 5. And after all this weekend, Brandy's take advantage of the current sale on women's naturalizers, Rush, Amerson and Trotters selected styles only 25 bucks. Come in or visit him on the website, do your shoe shopping online at BrandyShoose.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. A few months ago, a few among the millions suffering from tension, stress, or occasional boredom, well now there's help with weed from 420 pharmaceuticals. Ask your doctor if weed is right for you. Possible side effects of weed in coup-comping, we've been cutting lots of the first high-high-skigling Brandy Hunger Packs at deeper appreciation of cartoon, Twinkies, playing for sp and downloading fish concerts from 1997. Realization is in the bag with weed. We don't intermigle in the carol, mean. Take out the best of work that you ever seen. All right, ask anybody in that table of wood. Take a look at your district on the way to the country where the country goes. Rush, Amerson, he wants to sell and from a mile away to 10-tec place now. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. We're going to buy a small piece of wood. Smoke it every day until you're long-served. We're talking on the table we have made. Jamaica doesn't eat any for a minute. America can't pour the summer here and say, God, nothing like this in the U.S. Hey, this is what's in the stock. Stock can't just smoke smoke. They like a display pen, talk. They begin to pop and choke. Smoke can't just smoke smoke. They can't drink food. Bum, how's that sound? You are in a strong man. You like to smoke the guy instead whenever you can. There's many people coming here for miles around. A bite he will produce by the ounce of it now. Rascal man, say to her, how am I all right? They can't just be good tonight and then they smoke. Oh, smoke can't just smoke smoke. They're fair. They like a display pen, talk. They can't smoke, can't just smoke smoke. Smoke can't just smoke smoke. They can't just be good. They can't smoke smoke smoke. Bum, how do you want to buy a 60 WDQM 800 votes on a poll? It's only 12.21. How do you like that? All right. The biggest problem with stock flow today is the Cumin's 70-25-28. 208-100. The driver's 89, heat and humidity 81. The politician's 68. How about we put on this in the Erdogan Show? Okay, that'll get a lot of votes. Sure. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. We've got a lot of votes. In fact, there used to be a big sign on our front door as nagging is BS. It's not only about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. It's not about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. It's about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. It's about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. It's about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. It's about the fact that we're not going to be able to do that. Republicans who joined the friends, he'd were poor record amounts of aid for victims of hurricane Katrina, now realize they give Bush a blank check without any notion of how intense to pay the bill. It would be nice if he'd released give us some idea of how intense to finance Gulf Coast rebuilding, said Republican Senator Conrad burns of Montana. Vizin is lacking, said GOP Senator Ralph Voynevich of Ohio, were floundering, were floundering over here, even flippers embarrassed. How's Luke help him do it? Oh, he's fun. Republican strategists complain that GOP dissense fashion with Bush is reaching epidemic proportion. Senior Republicans have been probably the expected season GOP candidates. This doesn't themselves from Bush. There are so many Bush naysayers because of Iraq. There's a piling on, effect going on, complaints are Republican consultant. Chris DePino of New Haven Connecticut. The what? The Pino? The Pino? Bush's troubles, of course, lead Democrats, clearly hoping to gain seats in Congress during the midterm elections and possibly take the White House back in 2008. Wouldn't that be great? Oh, at least it'd be an improvement. I don't think we'd be great for anything else. Anything but Bush? No more ban and b. Maybe no more Bush. Bush's troubles, of course, lead Democrats, clearly hoping to gain seats in Congress during the midterm elections and just after re-netzons, just as representative Rom and annual chairman of the House Democratic campaign committee. I think there's a lot of anger. We're gaining because of that. We could blow it. They can gain ground. They've lost, but there's a big shift going on. And I think if you take that one letter out there, it's the same. You know, terrible. You can smell it. It's in the water and everywhere. What's where you shift? Well, anger over the Iraq War contributed to the growing decision. The Bush was a Katrina Full Bar that pushed most over the edge. The breaking of the Bush spell opens the way for leaders of both parties to declare their independence and shaping more perpid national agenda, where it's columnist E.J.D. on the Washington Post. It's good we've played Siffle to suit today. Probably pissed E on off. The federal budget already must be for Katrina's now a laughable document. Finding a way forward in and out of Iraq will require creativity from those not implicated new administrations of mistakes. And if ever the phrase reinventing government had relevant, it is now that we've observed the performance of a government that allows political hacks to push aside the professionals, such as FEMA. Oh my God. People's lives, life and death hanging in a bounce and they got brownie hound on there. I mean, absolutely. And it really, it really, it horse ass is what he was. And it really, it horses ass. And of course, there are a lot of those, especially these Saudi-Rabin horses asses. Concludes the on. The Bush era is over. The sooner politicians in both parties realize that the better for them and the country. Recent months have brought home to them. And they've been admittedly growing majority of Americans that President Bush's government doesn't work. His policies are failing. His efforts to leadership is detached in self-indulgent. His way of politics is provided for a reduced aid if I had an angry and dysfunctional public square. We do not go on like this. It seems everyone knows that George W. Bush's did meet. Everyone, of course, except George W. Bush, are real pain in the push. 26 passed new and only that five feet people found dead in an apartment in Beaumont, Texas. They've currently suffocated from generator fumes. Well, you're generator now. Yeah, we go through that over and over. You'll be fumin about it. We've only got 100 labels stuck all over the freaking generator. Use only outdoors, use only outdoors, use only outdoors. Well, maybe these people couldn't read. Well, aha. 27 passed new and if five 60 W to few, I'm speaking a bad weather. For years, I've been tugged at the dry concepts. Is the best carpet fining company in the universe. But they can also do lots of other things for you. They can save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars in other areas as well. Dry concepts can also do for your fantastic drapeery cleaning. A post-relyther furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, or yet or rug cleaning, petro-retrements, and water damage as well, especially if you got a big jewel from the hurricanes. Dry damage can also clean a restore your talent. Grab quickly and efficiently. Dry concepts, professional staff, is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented. And during this month, the race of timber, we should take advantage of their summer sizzling number two packages in water damage special. Dry concepts, the best in the business I've used in for over 20 years. It's a pleasure to do business with them. No games, no BS, no tack on to the end of the job. They give you written guaranteed price right up front before they start doing the fantastic job. So from carpet cleaning the talent, grab cleaning. It's the only place you ought to be thinking about. Dry concepts, and daydread and uponbeets is called on toll-free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web. Dry concepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-a-rocksawling. That's a looser. Rusty, alcohol, mineral, got suspended. They must dare write swimming in his veins. He's acting in dignity and offended. From his homework, he benched with their play. When he tested side-to-side, and wameless finger in the daycare, I guess he was likely women when he said he never used her this size one year. He's walking a tight-roll-buyer, refusing to admit her age. When it comes to a new retireder, wonder if Robbie will make the hall of fame, but this goes up the alcohol mineral, got suspended. Because this heroine tested positive care, it just up to say go at your mental. Now, it's technically been like a sin. I said it wasn't a bad way. Raffy showed up. I wonder if Ali on his really proud or raffy. And he said, hey, go home. Bye bye. This fire fox is starting to really frost my ass. How many times now, I had to reboot this computer because this freezes up when I try to print a story out. But third man. As much as I love my little fire fox and hate internet explorer, it's just a got certain things. Maybe it's allergic to the hero, like I understand that. I can't understand the or times, but they're here with anybody can understand that, right? Right. I'm allergic to the hero. I'm so allergic to what I can't understand. I don't get it no more. Oh, here we go. I wish I could not get the Sun Sentinel. Ells Sentinel. Yeah, what is that all about? I don't know if it's really consistent with you. I don't know if you're in that house. Maybe they know there's a spik inside. It's it's litter. I don't want it. And it's on my yard. So it's litter. I'm going to give it all back to them. Yeah. Let's save all. I don't understand. What is the Sun Sentinel has to do with the hell Harold? Nothing, it just reminded me. They have a Spanish language publication and they're throwing that in my house. Oh, I see. They're putting in their L Sentinel. I don't want any language that I want. I'll set no one in my yard. Yeah, quick. Loitering his yard and quit. Did you call inside radio by the way, Josh? I know you might not have to give me that number again. Okay. I don't feel like faxing you to it. Oh, gee. I hope I didn't smith can. And I guess I did. Oh, boy. That would be bad. I'll just dump it. I'll let you know what I got. Well, can't you find it? No. Come on. Make it ever. No, I don't have it. I wrote it on a little post. He gave us that. Let's go. Give it that order. I got it. Well. Now, but it will do me for the show tomorrow morning. Tomorrow will be my last day of getting awakened early in the morning by page after page of Incipant crap coming over my fax machine from Tom Taylor and inside radio. Hey, Tom. Let's go away. Okay. It's the only time in my life I've ever gotten like a service that I don't want anymore. Well, no, it's the same thing with a paper like you said. I don't want it no more. Well, too bad. Here it is again. I don't want it. Too bad. You got it. And all that. Crad there's nothing. I the only reason I subscribed in case anybody missed it was it last week or the week before. And we got those rumors from the beast about Greg Reed is leaving at the end of the year. And it turned out it was an inside radio. So I had to subscribe to get it. And that seems to be the thing about nowadays. Oh, you have to subscribe to read this. You have to pay to get it. What is that? Why? That's how they get you. What do you mean? What do you mean? That's how they get you. They have something you want. They have paid for it. Right. Z. Yeah. What I said when I hear that every morning, O.V. Tired of it. Nautious. And I'll only write about this crap about the NAB, the National Association of Broadcasts, of Spineless. Oh, cowards. God. They're the worst the NAB. Can't complain about the balls of most of the broadcasts in America because they ain't got any. They're old smoothies. I know the smoothies are very big right now. They're good for you. Never have a banana smoothie. Not lately. I like mango. Oh, mango. Fah. But with mango. Next you're going to say, guava. I love eating. 157 votes on this freaking poll today, man. They are all over it. And journey still has got to big. I guess the journey crowd they are. Freepers. They were just on the over the weekend. It's like the thing with the beating curtain, you know, the people who are with the naked pictures. And they're all gone. Those college punks and all those other idiots out there. Just desperate to see a naked picture. Oh, man. Look at that. They can naked woman for Christ's sake. I have a look at naked woman. Hold on. This past two minutes. Oh, yeah. I know comment. I could say so. I'm not in the same word. So remind me about that before the short of Marba inside radio and a time Taylor, call them up and ditch them out. Call them up and just read him and ask. See, me was going to just rip you like crazy for day after day. And talk about your incestuous relationship with the NAV Tom. You quizzing you. You're fairie. Let's take a bunch of calls. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a resident. Singular wireless lines. Let's think about 100 between 9 to a clock. What do you say? We still don't have the word on mo. I'll set it up and go back from stuff about my paycheck. I'm going to tell you that. If that check doesn't show up today and at the box yesterday today. Let's see. I'll see. See when December. Remember that sounds see you in December. Yeah. See, one thing I know this may be crazy. But every payday you can have to have spill fuses. You can have to have a nervous stomach. Or whether your check is going to show up or not. You know, I know it's a very unique concept. But wouldn't you think that it would be possible at payday could come and go and be like, it's just like clockwork, you know, just like fall not a bed in the morning or day. Just like the sun showing up in the sky once in a while. You think that payday would be automatic. Not a QAM, not with the beeslies. Oh, well, this one did this and this one left it sitting on the counter and this one has a finger up her nose or somewhere. WQAM. Hello. Free the call. Where's mom? WQAM. Hello. All this quiet. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. I'd like to say the George did a great job and does a great job when you're welcome back. Kind of a little late for that. Yeah. A couple things. The Cindy Sheehan, you know, the when I first heard about her, what she had brought up was were there under, you know, bad intelligence and we should just walk away and then all the things changed to he's a liar, which then doesn't work. And shut her up. I mean, it's like, you know, my wife's a bitch. I don't call her. What do you mean there's a work that 300,000 people protesting in the York and thousands all over the world and doesn't wait me doesn't work. But all the conservatives are saying, all the arguments against she and her is the fact that she's calling him a liar. You know, something, but it was John Kerry who, you know, no matter who it is that criticizes all the whistleblowers, she's near and Schmier that that's what's going to happen to you. If you all the scientists, all the other people that have taken issue with the positions of this bunch of Nazis, they're going to Schmier and Schmier anyway doesn't make any difference. But she's got the big pair. She's got a lot of people out of bandwagon. No, I think it's great. But he's got a week in a liar and he has to be called liar. And you're wrong about the conservatives because all the pools are showing that even in the article, I just read by Doug Thompson. They're jumping off man like he's got to play. That's great. Yeah, and I heard that article. They're running away as fast as they came man and God bless America. Or what do you used to be American? Remember America? I remember it. Yeah. What do you hear? The biggest topic, I'm not going to read the pool. The thing with the Cubans. They're obsessed with Cubans. The Cubans in the anglo's in the shards. He's in this one and that one. Everybody hit and that's the correct answer. Too much hate. It's right on the Cubans ass. 182 Cubans, 190 nine, too much hate, 180 two. And that's because you people all hate each other. And that's the truth. Yeah, I'd like to just have to play that everybody hates somebody. That's the theme song for South Florida. That's the theme song for South Florida. That's all that. How negative can we be? How much hate they call me negative? I'm Mr. Euphoria compared to you folks. Negative, hostile, and hateful. And just like somebody was saying before, I was a member of the resource, I said it or during the cross or with Hank. About last week, Hank said it about Ronnie Brown. And last week he was the biggest bomb in a bad draft pick and you know what they know all the stuff he used our hero. He used the best. Now, Phony is an 86 and a half dollar bill. Okay, that's not Florida, man. Phony, baloney. Ever had some, baloney, moroni, filary, where did he win? Was that short fat, Danny? Who did baloney, moroni? I'll look it up. Now look it up. Oh. This is bad news. I had bad news boys and girls in my billboard top 40 book is a phone apart. Because it weighs so much every time you pick it up, you know, has a tendency to like a phone apart in chunks. Do you remember? Right. I don't know how that. You know what I mean? You got one over the voting moroni? No. You don't have water. That's all. Yeah. Larry Williams, like I said, it got to be number 14 in 1957, Boni Moroni. Oh, that was cool. Also, I'd sure if I'd fan me. There's one music before 1960. Oh, well. At least reporting about you. He might as mine says for old you, Fags on it is what my book says on the cover. True. Fab. For 41. Ha ha ha ha. There he goes with another one of them Cuban things. All course early out of Rosanna Dan and I because the Kurdist He was the big gay right supported to. She's for gay marriage. She's for everything. Yeah. Who are you? Can honey you phony? How do you like your buddy, a raffy now sweetheart? And Jose can suck. How do you like all your boys? You bitch. You idiotic lunatic. You maniac. Iliana my. I still say let's put her in a box and bring guilty around her back. Right? All right. Let's make a deal. Let's put her in a box number three. Any box. But then again, it's your crowd man. Oh, no. She's wonderful. Right. She's offered a guarantee and she's got some head turn. Just like in a whole quick they stopped talking about John Roberts. He did proble no work for that. He writes thing. All of a sudden we didn't hear about that normal. Prop 42 at 5.60 WCOMB. It's shot. What like presents? Braille. Oh, Mara Kim. Hero. You man. You hero. Today we salute you. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. It's a filthy job. And no one wants to do it with except you. And you're not afraid to get your hands dirty. You. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. Drive up big brown truck. Put your nut to liberate anything. You're taking it away. Because when the seppic system starts to back up. It won't go down. You. Back up your truck. You whip out that big old hose. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. And suck, suck, suck. That mallota is crazy. But you're not done yet. It's time to grab that long handled shovelsquaker thingy. And make sure nothing gets low at the highest. Thank you. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. Put changing that giant 1200 gallon diaper. That's very six inches below the lawn in the backyard. You're too crappy job. So, track a cold, but life and pinch it else. To Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. Oh, real, American hero. Mr. Seppic tank sucker out of it. And he's a flush. St. Paul is Missouri. But he sure has a fancy cube. 891 votes on a pool. How's that? Nice. Oh, I'm impressed. Whatever. US force to import bullets from Israel is troops used 250,000 bullets for every rebel killed. That's a good aim. Yeah. Let's do that 250,000 times. US forces have fired so many bullets in a wrecking Afghanistan estimated quarter of a million for every insurgent kill that American ammunition makers can't keep up with the man as a result. The US is having to import supplies from Israel. Oh, I like that. What's that? They deal with bullets over Israel anyway, huh? They're much of gun nuts. That's right. The kill knows the right hits. A government report says the US forces are now using 1.8 billion rounds as small arms ammunition a year. 1.8 billion. The total is more than doubled in five years. Largely as a result of the war's nap Afghanistan and Iraq as well as changes in military doctrine. John Pike rhymes with bike. Directed to the Washington military research group global security.org said that based on the GAO's figures, US forces have extended around 6 billion bullets between 2,000 and 2,000 and 2,000. How many evil doors have we sent to their maker using bullets rather than bombs? He said, I don't know. If they don't do body counts, how can I? But using these figures have worked out in around 300,000 bullets for insurgent. Let's round that down to quarter of a million so that we're underestimating. 300,000 for insurgent. Well, man, even Santino never got that many on the causeway. We're all going to work on a virgin 900. You think we can make 1100 today? If we really put on a big push, start a grite. Huh? 905. What was that? And journey still's got to be way too late. Turnivote started pouring in, man. They're going to come in big bunches, just like hemorrhids. Count down the kickoff with QM79 to collect tonight at the press room at 1233 Lincoln Road in South Beach. Stop by for prices, great specials in March, Monday night football. Kansas City will decimate Denver. You take it to the bank. That's 79 of the press room in South Beach with 560 QAM. Your old use station. Man. Chris says, thanks to the recommendation of the film, the hospital was great. Right on Chris, man, it's outstanding. George C. Scott, one of his best performances. And another one of Patty Chasties, great Saturday. You see that trash? No. Now, after your take on network, I'm a little bit reluctant to give you another Patty Chasties look, but I'm a little reluctant to watch. You know, sometimes people blurt things out. I was just in the verge of saying, I might go out to the micro-lapse of the story today and the dietary and the scent of the email. I mean, email. I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't. That's the email. Huh? Don't waste your time. No? No. Why do you say that? What is it about? Like, what do we got here? About a hospital. It's about a hospital where, again, when you head of its time, about all these and raw medications and all just the crap that's going on there, how corrupt and incompetent. But it's just, I guess, not your thing, huh? I don't know. I've never seen it. It's, well, that's the idea. Well, I'll think about it. I'll think about it if I take Chasties up to the end of the time. I was thinking they like putting together a package. Maybe I'll go up there and buy that movie and FedEx, it's you. And George, I'll send them my best wishes. Maybe I'll even get you north by Northwest. I'm in such a good mood. Ooh. How's that? All right. Cause Amazon.com, right? You know, I'm not going to say it. They're all right. At least, at least when you order from them, you get this stuff. It's just that, uh, and sometimes they're delivery. And this, this story really cracks me up. WXDJ in Morning Show, co-host, and Ricky Santos has co-hosted Joe Ferrero. Those are those real two hot, uh, DJs in the morning. I actually did some posamy. Okay. Yeah. You're not listening them religiously in the morning. Hoop. And Ricky Santos confirms to radio and records that he's temper, left his gig at SBS's tropical L.S. and the school to run for mayor of Miami. Or at the L.S. old guys, the ones that brought me by that humongous picture of what's his name? Yes. What is his name? At Ricky. No, it's not in Ricky. It's that, uh, I don't even know what his name is anymore. It's a huge gigantic picture. Some, uh, fashion-up and Cuban singer. He was, uh, what's his name? Yeah. What is his name? Spico Rico. The Spico Rico. That's the guy. I left it and I see, here's what, this is what bothers me about these stories. I left the show while the elections are going on. Make sure we're within the guidelines dictated by the FCC Santos. See, that part is correct. The response from the community has been massive and I didn't want to people accuse me of getting that supporter winning because of the show. I want to do this the right way and that's why I decided to leave the show during this period of time. Well, that's the only way. You can't be on the air and run for office as how we'd stern found out when he was going to run for governor or mayor of New York. I think it was governor. Remember that? Few years ago. Yeah. What did you say? But you can't be on the air because if you are, then every minute you run the air, you have to equal time to your opponents and say, uh, I don't think so. Santos also said that whether he wins or loses or return to the WXDJ morning show, he is holding a press conference September the 30th. Thoughts turned him in at 1 30 in a BM at 600 South North, H3, my mean, talk about his campaign and Ricky Santos, he wants to be mayor of Miami. That'd be only an improvement, I think. When you? Oh, yeah, anything will help. Gotta be a major improvement. El Solman, now they're okay. Who is that guy in the picture? Jerry Rivera. That's right. Wow. You don't know Jerry Rivera from Haraldor River. Didn't know him then and I don't know him then. Yeah. He was okay. He couldn't see his letter of paper. He looked all right. And a picture, I mean, takes up a little bit of like a whole room practice, really. My house people, well, I'm coming. Got that at a wall because I can because somebody gave it to me. 916 votes. They're coming in and bunches and journey finally got one. Oh, here comes the journey man. The journey crowd when they hop on here. They're going to bust a bank. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? How are you? Who's just talking about that ratio of a quarter million votes to one? Right. I wonder how many of the rebels are using every time they shoot an American because every time they shoot an American. Exactly. Every time they shoot down a helicopter they shoot whatever soldiers they say they got a lucky shot. Yeah. Maybe they got better. Remember maybe Alas on their side. Could be. Yeah. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Well, maybe Alas are beaming in. I'm saying he grabs the whole day every bullet and the apologies. They're all magic bullets over there. And I just hear another one of those bush people. WQAM. Hello. That's that. WQAM. Hello. I'm Alia. Yes, sir. This is Nick Louis C. I am listening to your show a long time ago when I was in Florida. And it's been like four years. And when North Carolina now, I just wanted to call you guys for talking to me. I don't know. I'm in North Carolina. No. I'm a radio. I'll be damned. And they said, I'm on the list of few everyday. You were making a power stir and look like Martha Stewart. Let me just say that right now. But I wanted to call you. We were talking about the hospital a few minutes ago. And I'm from New Jersey and there are putters up there too. They are putters. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anything. Why not? Can't even walk any more next time. They call your cousin. I'm going to. Yeah. There's some of the bitches. Let me tell you that now. Man, have you ever seen that Louis the hospital with George C. Scott? That I never saw that one. I'll tell you one thing. Since you've got that family personal horrible experience. If I were you, I'd go out and rent it or buy it or sell it. It's something you'd really appreciate. It's great. I might just do that one. Thank you very much. OK, pal. Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina. That's right. The mission is out to Montclan. If he's listening, I love you, man. I'll see you soon. OK. I don't feel that. OK. No personal messages now on Collette. I wonder if I onto that nose Mr. Red. Do you think? Hello. Ha ha ha. Oh, we can do better than that. There you go. Good morning. Hey, Sean. Where may I help you? Hello. Hello. Good morning. Hello. I'm Mr. Red. Yeah, but that stay for the 80 minute time. Every time I play that, but that's why I don't play it. Got the worst Tony voice answering the phone. And a lot of those that's a real voice, like on that lotion and the vanskin. Yeah. Yeah. 1257. Maybe I'll have to play that too. But I don't have to play that too much. Just stuff. I've got to play that last hour. Let's bring back that one to two hour. Now Wednesday is over. Every day. How about noon to two? All right. These going. When they won't see nothing about what they know. I mean, you know, when you got an operations manager who cries like a girl and you got a general manager who keeps that threatening belief and you got a program to record food like you know since you anybody seen him lately. Yeah. Can't you get an answer out of him? You know, I mean, I'm trying to be a team player here. From what even the evil do we're there is is he in New York is he in the studio? Is this going to be a answer? I don't know. You know, a query minds one, no these minor details. And by the beat by the book, by the way, yeah. So I'm sure that my checking going to show up. They's probably in hiding. You probably dropped the balls on that too. He said he had a habit of doing that. So why did you know it? All right. And everybody. A separate body. All the time. There's that so well. I'm in father's bed. For a kid, I would play. And I'm in a car and I'm off school. And I'm in a car and I'm on the car. That's the best way of remembering each and everybody. All the time. Right. I'm in a car and I'm sent here. That's the truth. It's where the teacher is first. I was probably there. I'm playing home. I want to be here. You'll find there as he works. There's and also homework. It's yours. It's yours. You'll have fun. Changed your feet when the teacher, It's why you didn't want to. V Studios at night. Where they're the same? It's a warm. I wanted it. I needed it. You must stand on that. I love my Noah. the 942 vote an apple man. I'm pretty impressed it takes a lot to impress this old queen But nevertheless two votes for journey. There's still an bottom of the pool, but I got to see it Yeah, not too impressive, but a little bit impressive everybody does hate everybody That's the problem with South Florida the biggest problem is the Cuban sort of in 13 to much hate 188 The drivers 109 especially those Cuban and New Yorker and the whites and blacks and greens and Jews a heat-neumidity 97 the politician's 80 the orchestra 74 hurricanes in tornado 67 too many old-farts 59 How was that possible? I would have to step up by assault on the old-enthus again like a few years ago That has to do with our plane hall and they'll vise a lot do it Seriously, what is that? Two of the old-farts only 59? I guess you people haven't been around you know Like calm us any other real city in a world where like mostly living and breathing people you see a few old-farts Violin or what for more said like living and breathing vibran young and hung and beautiful people you know there It's just a every other block is another condo complex if it isn't when more it's 73 billboards If it's not carriage hills it's death hills it's whatever it is crap Nothing it's paradise 32 of a 3.3% of people who need to be institutionalized immediately if not sooner 32 Prince Canadians 10 Gloria step on eight the New Yorker show three this is definitely the problem and journey's got a peer This show is absolutely the biggest problem if we just get to show off the year We just tear it on that transmitter, you know Yeah, be real interesting. I haven't had no of message here my phone rang once it was the package downstairs I'm sure that's a some really funny stuff I'm sure every day funny stuff in the mail all the time soldiers chilling test him on a fuel's demonstrations against Iraq war a Former American soldier was served in Iraq and filed for conscientious objective status as given an extraordinary Instead of the worth dehumanizing effects That helps explains why the British and American public is turned sharply against the occupation On the eve of large anti-war demonstrations in Washington and London this weekend heart Vegas told how indiscriminate fire from a US troops is likely to have killed an untold number of Iraqi civilians Mr. Vegas 29 said he was still haunted by the members of what he experienced an urge the El Presidente to withdraw US troops from Iraq Please I don't know how many instances I killed with my mortar rounds mr. Vegas who served with the 82nd Airborne Division said during In your presentation last week at American University in Washington and fact that I had days that I don't want to remember I try to forget he added well when you're firing treated rounds, you know like about a big Some people are gonna die the rare incident of the chaos of the combat including an order to oh Let me try it again because it's too important to do All right, mess around with the rare inside of the chaos of the combat included an order to open a fire on all taxis in the cities of Samawa Because it was believed that Iraqi forces were using them for transport comes as US support for the war in Iraq slums to an all-time low Poles exist at at least 60% now believe the war was wrong mr. Bush's personal approval rain is also an array record low and his little speech you made there before about the energy thing He was a fumblet and something like as bad as usually is this was an all-time low as well and vericing and humiliating You almost felt sorry for them again almost a refineries with crude oil Bush's attitudes of British attitudes rather the Iraqi War of Shonanation divided over the decision to invade But by last October the balance had tilted 46% to 40 toward an anti-war position Not since August of 68 the high point of the opposition the war and be a non has been a majority of the people in America believe that an ongoing conflict was wrong That historic turning point in public opinion came seven months after Northeastern means forces launched a devastating tent offensive as the divided Democratic Party convention Chicago was choosing unfortunately Tuba and Humphrey Redden-Gee McCarthy as its presidential candidate and 10,000 anti-war protesters fought pitch battles with police in the streets Now in September 2005 campaigner states reached the point where opposite of the war and wreckage become a mainstream issue I certainly think they should encourage people to go to Washington participate in the peace demonstration Subcanny Kelly a veteran campaigner in the group voices in the wilderness the politicians are gonna counter that these demonstrators just come to Washington for a day and go back to their normal lives But I think now they're gonna have to realize them when people are out on the street saying bring them home now They're saying the same thing is what many voters think She ended my senses that people are having a serious this illusion with any sense of competence What leaders of this country that makes many people afraid. Oh, no, be afraid And I said, do you look at that lizard by the way? Be afraid. Yeah, I saw it and nice. We're impressed. Oh, no, it's a nice lizard Yeah, over got barbats in the backyard. Wow, that is a big mean looking mother And I'm sure that when a Lord the design that one he had something specific in mind Just like when he desired fireflies and food flies and cockroaches and CT flies and mosquitoes He had something specific in mind just aggravating us and don't forget the Lord is a perfect God He's perfect. He's omnipotent. He's omnipotent. He's omnipotent. He's omnipotent. But his rats shall wax on you know You don't you don't have to have like a a real intellectual discussion about religion to just the bunking because it's so it's so idiotic Kind of face of it like even a little child if you said look at all the contradictions here Look at this stupidity God is perfect But he seems to have all the forables and all of the all the defects that man is God so like I said last week man invented God's in his own images and that's why God's wrath wax is not And that's why God keeps talking about kill-log your enemies all of these things and stoning all your disobedient children That they shall surely be stoned to that for in the course of kids. Don't call me surely Now let's see the oh and here you go group and I got a couple of stories here the print is so small if I apologize Resonance and if you saw the size of this print if you had the magnum vision reading lenses and the Mount Palo Martelloscope Maybe you could read this but with my eagle eye group list 13 most corrupt in Congress I watched our group naming what it calls the 13 most corrupt members of Congress is calling for ethics investigation of some of the most prominent leaders on capital Hill and report being released today Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington that sounds like an axiom around to me Citizens report that the 13 members among them sentimenturarily or bills fist and house majority with Roy Blunt Republican Missouri might have violated a variety of congressional ethics rules the public bipartisan list includes three Californians Representative Richard Pombo Maxine Waters and Randy Duke cutting him Honey Ham is one of two house members whose residences have been searched as part of separate federal criminal investigations The other representative William J Jefferson Democrat Alusian is also named on the watchdog group's list three of those named the listed A concrete burns and represented his Bob May and Tom Feeney of Florida Tom Feeney were cited for their dealings with one time Super lobbyist Jack Abramoff was a subject of congressional federal jury grandeur investigations Abramoff was in bed at last month on fraud charges of laying to a Florida business deal and is pleaded not guilty They all violated ethics rules melanies slow to watch dog groups executive director set of 13 members of the Congress list She criticized both political parties for what she said was faded of police ethics They're all a bunch of crooks, okay? They're all a bunch of crooks you could throw you could put in a symbol and ever like honest politicians You got how name you wanted I like and that's Bobby Wexler, okay? I'm gonna grab her westerner sure throw it that's it. I'm trying to think of somebody else You like anybody else how about Dennis good sentence? We like little Dennis with a man here piece huh? What about that find gold guy Nah rust fine gold. Yeah Then he just both to confirm a robber's yes. Oh, yeah, so like I said So I want to run from person what about the panic for any person. Oh Ten can't really put in there because he's got too much money to have to worry about graft the graft was in the pants Oh, and I saw a thing on a biography channel, which I usually love about old man Joe Kennedy and oh brother Oh, he wasn't into bootlegging they could get all the booze they wanted about about all the other stuff Crap I have never seen such a white wash in my life Man he should have had a group called gangsters be us old man Joe Kennedy plus of course He also figured Hitler never stole a freight train Not to mention of course all the fixed post and West Virginia in the Democratic primary in 1960 and then people have ordered in Chicago When I think 60 to put JFK over the top but nevertheless So there you go there's a bunch of minutes some stuff in here about Tom Delay your buddy. Yeah, in a report title beyond Delay The 13 most crap members of Congress. It's based on news articles not the documents the watch show group says it made available to the LA times He walks to a group has been out spoken and criticizing house majorly or Tom Delay for what they call his ethical Lexus and is the media like focusing in on that. Oh, they were worried big time about Bubba and Demonica That was heavy duty stuff man and Kenny star. I'm gonna get your boy Kenny star Seriously you people in the media all the crap that's happening to America right now It's in your left and you got blood on your hands You got big fat popping who's in bleeding hemorrhage and horizon that's what's coming next Hi, Debbie I made the shooting against your operations done okay and some body contouring and some liposuction There was wondering if it's from Tommy talk and the lip augmentation because medic the breast Such a high face if all of these things There's wondering more extra with well I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? Can we don't? The lotion in the basket How much? 5000 Excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to Laser surgery have the lamps stop crying yet mommy Excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby it puts the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV Okay, can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and I'm not looking actually we can tell you that when we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy? If you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket or do you like to make an appointment? Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine Okay, okay Um, my name is buffer will build okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. You might know me It was the lotion in the basket. I understand it was the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It was the lotion in the basket. Okay, do you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah, it was the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the Glacier bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that was it puts a lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? It puts a lotion in the basket. Okay, I was talking to the time. Okay 975 old man by 130 we're gonna have over a thousand votes right our way to like two million in air to impress Yeah, all right and journey's got foe Do you think there's somebody on this line nine Q. I am hello hello Neil yes, sir Have you ever heard of a movie the rapture the rapture? Yes, it was made in 93 with starring Mimi Rogers Mimi Rogers yes, I think it It has a lot to do with what's going on with this country with these right wing lunatics sounds often for making the rapture We did that we talk about that church the right than the past and but I'm saying I seen it You're starting The movie office is winter type yeah, and then a cheap buying to God and how crazy should be come I'll be the name just like when I George is wife so a lady friends that it was telling me my pleasure Saturday. I think you should check it out. Okay. I'm gonna go and when I go over to buy those movies today I'll check it out. Thank you to rapture with Mimi a screaming Mimi Rogers is it good or did not? No, it's okay Don't that's worth the time that the Lord has been better off investing in the North by North West Better off watching and real high school. Yeah, absolutely well North by the North West That it was I think I think Josh would like the hospital better than that work because it's not it's number It's not as long and it's you know, I was drawn out I'll keep me awake man. That's the goal there you go and of course the price is right Anyway Paul Krugman rises New York Times find the brownie For all you brownie hounds out there for they politically curious he can entertain me I'd like to propose two new trivia games find the brownie and two degrees of jack-a-brain off The objective and find the brownies to find an obscure but important government job held by someone who's only a parent qualifications for that job are Political oily and personal connections It's inspired by present and pushes praise for days after Katrina hit for the hapless Michael Brown director of FEMA Brownie you're doing a heck of a job. I guess it depends on the meaning of the word heck There are a lot of brownies as time magazine puts in its latest issue Bush has been further than most prisoners to put political stalwarts in some of the most important government jobs you ever heard of Time offers a couple of fresh examples such as the former editor of a Wall Street medical industry newsletter who now holds a crucial position at the FDA A tipster irrs me to look for brownies among regional administrators for the general services administration which oversees federal property and leases There are several potential ways a position at GSA could be a view For example an official macular particular businessman and inside track and the purchase of government property that charged against David Safavian was recently arrested or here a particular land or an inside track and many space to federal agencies Some of the regional administrators at GSA are long-time professionals but the regional administrator for the northeast and Caribbean region which includes in the New York has no obvious qualifications other than being the daughter of the chairman of the conservative party of New York state The regional administrator for the south west appointed in 2002 after failed bid for its father's Congressional seat is Scott Amy the army the son of dick army former house majority leader You get the idea go ahead and see what a rather who you can come up with jack Abraham office Alabi's to pay the huge it was paid huge sums by clients such as casino owning Indian tribes and sweatshop operators on side pan Two degrees of jack Abraham office inspired by their markable centrality of Mr. Abraham off who was in that last month On charges of fraud and Washington power structure the rule isn't defined important political players who were tending with Mr. Abraham Offets too easy and said you have to find people linked by employment one degree of jack Abraham off is someone who actually worked for the lobby Two degrees is a powerful Washington figure hired someone who formerly worked for Mr. Abraham Abraham off or who had one of his own form and plays but a work form Grover norquist the powerful anti-tax lobbyist is a one degree man Mr. Norquist was Mr. Abraham off's campaign manager When he ran for chairman of the college Republican National Committee then became his executive director and don't this Miss this is kids stuff as Franklin forest lines in the new Republic the college Republican organization pays serious salaries has been a stepping stone for legs of Lee at water and Carl Roe Mr. Roe by the way is a two degree man. He hired Susan Rauston Mr. Abraham Moss first assistant as his own personal assistant for those unfamiliar with what that means Ms. Rauston became Mr. Roe's gatekeeper the first new determine who got to see the great man Tom Belay the House Majority Leader is also a two degree man Tony Rudy who worked for Mr. Delay and several capacities left the work for Mr. Abraham off Finally, so nobody should be considered a two degree man on a kind of the recently arrested Mr. Safavian who worked for both Abraham off and orquist Then went into the GSA and under the White House Office of Management and budget or he oversaw for human policy But I'm not sure who gets credit for hiring Mr. Safavian. Okay enough joking to put in my games Which actually are we search programs for enterprise and journalists is that all the scandals now surfacing are linked Something rotten and the state of the West government and the lesson of hurricane Katrina is that a culture of chronism and corruption can have lethal consequences How did this a bunch of people see people dies people and how we got agitated? All the other net Paying the thing. That was looking for false at strike as a negative and this show is probably the biggest problem in South Florida 993 votes will have a thousand by the bottom of the hour and then after that you're on your own journey Four and your larger show six were on the bottom like that yogurt on the bottom You what what's that bit about the trout what is out on the bottom yogurt is that it oh? Trowzer trout Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt cherry strawberry banana peach blueberry Well, look out taste buds prepare yourself palate for Cruzons trout on the bottom yogurt Cruzons no trout on the bottom yogurt combining to the list just attributes of yogurt with hearty chunks of rainbow trout No frills no gills just great taste Cruzons trout on the bottom yogurt regular and the eye it's marginal not great, but it kills yeah, but it matches trout. Oh, I see here's your girlfriend again The one that you love so much PFC lending Lendine. Oh, I'll go Prosecutors in PFC lending the England's prison abuse case for trade her enclosing arguments today is an eager participant with a Sixth sense of humor while the Pets attorney's described her as a weak-minded pawn trying to appease a Sudissing boyfriend a jury of army officers was to start liberating the sanctanone England one of the most visible figures in the Avogar Red scandal faces up to 11 years in prison if convicted on seven counts of conspiracy and maltreatment and 10 easy if you write for us in 2003. Oh, stay on a stick around the inside show up. My name is shape Jrzard competing description of the 22 year old reservist from Fort Aspie West Virginia during closing arguments The accused knew what she was doing said kept in Chris grave line while one of his related to the baby gravy line A one prosecutor she was laughing and joking she is enjoying she is participating offer her own sick humor Captain Jonathan Chris England's defense lawyer countered an England's actions what the be has Private Charles Grainard Jr. with whom she was having a romantic relationship Granger then a corpus been labeled a abuse ringleader by prosecutors She was a follower. She was an individual who was smitten with grain or crisps and she just did whatever he wanted to do I wonder if he's related to Quentin crisp or Crispy quist who grave line said any subservient segment felt her grain or was not a legal excuse You have the same moral responsibility whether your leader or a follower he said England's trial is the last word group of nine army reservist charged with mistreating prisoners at Abugar red two others have been convicted including grainer and their many six made the plea deal Certainly soldier testified during England's trial Prosecutor's use graphic photo is a victim of the support their contention That she was a key member of the abuse conspiracy including one of England holding a naked detainee on a leash pointed other prisoners in Immulating poses we've all seen him we've seen him all and you know what nobody cares Oh, that was really shocking for men to you know, yeah, and like well, what's on the desperate housewives next week And look at that whether in normalins again. Oh, that's Florida much of the rain. No is moderate You see that for Walton V. I think I think God is she odor Florida, man And you know who's the responsible the gexter Jeff Bush it's that the generate family of his man the drug in the sun and the daughter with a Finger up or nose and whatever else you can stick in there a thousand and one vote. I'd like that, Jim 15 I Double, better, fill it! Belly, the president, it's no son, who doesn't have to run? No one else is going away, he might as well just move right in! Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard We had the golden spoon, he was born with nothing that, So look out on you, dude, if ready for the death, he's a paler, has he that he? Oh, you give our people right to Wandy! Oh, Razzy, the talent I made at the club of the ballet! Well, he was very wealthy dude, with very bad abuse, who never paid his dues by next year? We'll all be strewn, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard Any sparky with that grain, against Buddy with KW, he was a big, they call it silver! The Toriolani, right, give it to the club of the ballet! Oh, do they take a KW party? Oh, that means the talent I had to, no more bad play! I got two more for the pole, two more for the pole, two more for the pole, two more for the pole! Okay, and too many Bibles for us! Okay, I think those are both excellent, and of course there's some crossover in there, but never less. For our taxi drivers, right, good for you, you go guys! I'm all for this hand drivers, and I can do a magic, because I know my hand driver here has been whining and moaning about the price of gas. In fact, it were rumors here last Friday, they had a crunch on all gas stations for a couple hours, because the rumor mail started that it was going to be like two bucks a liter, which is eight bucks a gallon! Yeah, and so people were in panic buying, they were tapping off the tanks because they were, they were all rumors on the streets that it was going to be eight bucks a course, they're not that's me true! But nevertheless, it's over four bucks here! Yeah, the cab drivers are really taking it up the old back door nose! Broward County cab drivers went on strike this morning to protest increased to Span's fees from the county's largest cab company at a time of record gas prices. A crowd reportedly numbering in the hundreds, pick a the Broward County Government Center in Fort Larddale, the Spanches were calling for extra cabs to service the airport, which depends on yellow cab for most of its taxis. Last week, we've grabbed with the man of yellow cab dropped recent increases into Span's fees, which the drivers plan were designed to take advantage of recent fair increases in the market. The county and the county, and the company, say, for rising gas prices. How do you like taxes? It's kind of sticking to those four cabbies. That's one job I would never want to have! No way! And of course, there were a lot of those drivers that I would never want to be in their cab to, and I've been in many! Oh boy! I could tell you stories here I told you about the one I was falling asleep that night, coming back from woodbine, and I've had many others! There's one Indian guy who like, he holds the steering wheel, he's so nervous and so obscured! He holds the wheel, so tight, and it looks like he's going to have blood dripping out of it! Great! And the wheel too! I mean, just terrify! I'm just swirving all over this! Anyway, stay home! It's a good idea! Yeah, be a shudder! Even there, it's not all that safe, but stay home! Lock the doors! From the outside! Get there! And make one of those little slots in the bottom of the door, you know? When it can shove the food in, you know, get the delivery! I can get all kinds of delivery! I can get Chinese delivered! I can get the Italian, of course! Whatever kind of food you'd be wanting! I can get it! What's that horrible place? Oh, I better not say that! I like I said moving, I like that really great place! Ah, where they got chicken and ribs! What's that place begins with an ass? Swiss shallot! Oh, don't say it! Okay, it's good! They don't advertise an installation! I mean, this business that we can't knock anybody out! Come on! We're not going to get choiced again, are we? Huh? Ah! If you ever eat into Swiss shallot, I'm not used to go there all the time! I have ever had the pleasure! And I don't know why, because to me, it seems like strictly for Goiam! David Lindorf and Counter Punch ran out of the eye! They take few of our calls here between now and two. I just don't have time, so I apologize they had a time! And maybe you even believe me! I don't think so, but, you know, did they believe me? No! David Lindorf and Counter Punch says they face oil prices, don't they? And of course the answer is... Absolutely! And thanks again Mr. President! He says there's so much propaganda, faith-based economic theorizing, and civil ignorance and I have tasted around the question of so engasilean and oil prices in this country! For a haven't said, of course there's collusion, an awfulistic behavior in price-picking in the oil industry! It's the way this particular industry operates! Start with OPEC, the F-Gang of Produce is largely in the throttle major oil companies, which sets production quotas for the most of the major oil producing nations. Then move to the large companies, they used to be 7, now there are far fewer mega companies, thanks to mergers like Exxon, Mobile and BPMico. Even when they were 7, those companies aren't really functioning as an independent competitive enterprises, and it's only gotten worth with increasing concentration. Because we find a raise offshore drilling platforms and pipelines are gigantic multi-billion-dollar capital projects, a typical refinery can cost upwards of $5 billion to build, most are joint projects involving several companies, rather as least the use of them. Such as the situation, all those elements of a business which are normally closely held trade secrets, important to maintaining competitive advantage, inventories, coup reserves, pricing, production rates, relative mix of heating, or low and high octane gas, etc. are common knowledge. It's not like a typical business, say automobiles or TV sets, or companies keep those kinds of number of secret, or if they collude, have to do it by meeting in secret and agreeing on higher prices. The executive said the oil industry never have to get together, whether they're over a game of golf or in a back office. They know all about each other's core operations, without ever talking. Collusion, not competition is a way of life in this industry. There's simply no way he is a competitive model, where we're explaining what happened to gas prices after the Katrina storm hit in New Orleans, at best 10% of production we shut down according to reports. That's 10% of one quarter of US demand, a tiny amount. Even if it were 10% of total demand because if we just import capability at the Louisiana port, we're talking about 10% while gas prices rose 25% to 35% even more in some areas. Not often mentioned in the same articles on this phenomenon, was the fact that the world price of oil actually fell by almost 10% over the same time period. When the world oil prices rise, as I notice, some sure most readers also noticed that the price of the pump is up the next day, sometimes the same day that the report comes out. Yet oil from places like Saudi Arabia and Kuwait takes months to go from the well-head to retail gas stations in the US. Even oil from head out to oil takes weeks to become gas to the station in the US. What other product do you know of where the retail price jumps towards immediately when the price of raw materials that goes into it goes up? This bread go up into store the day that wheat prices can't come up on a Chicago murk. This candy go up into store when the price of sugar rises on the comics. Of course not. Just gasoline home heating oil. So if more expensive crude oil doesn't actually physically get to the pump for months and the price of the pump goes up immediately who's pocketing that money in the meantime. Hint is not your local gas station owner. Just check out the stock prices of the oil companies. You know how to correct the answer. In a competitive model, the time Milton Friedman likes to sell a great company like Sonoco and Exxon would keep their retail prices as low as possible until cost-force and to raise prices. Something that simply doesn't happen. Indeed, it's a one-way argument. When the poor barrel, I'm sorry, indeed it's a one-way arrangement. When the poor barrel price of crude oil, the price of the pump hangs on at its high level. Sometimes for weeks, but if crude goes up, so does the pump price. Consumers can't shop for bargains because all gas stations behave the same way. For the most part, though, it's not the stations that are doing this and it's not the only way to be able to do this. Many of them are not even independent businesses that are owned by the major companies, but the oil companies themselves are doing it. The money that results from this elusive and optimistic behavior, in other words, is accruing to the oil companies and their stockholders. The beauty of this arrangement, from the oil industry's perspective, is that nobody can be fined or jailed for it under US anti-trust laws, not illegal to have elusive results. The government would have to prove elusive intent, and as long as the oil executive don't actually sit in a remote teleconference, and especially can aspire to collude on raising prices or cutting production, that simply cannot be done. If Congress and the White House were serious about combating price rig, important native production slowdowns and artificial skiersities, they'd be changing the anti-first law so that the objective existence of anti-competitive pricing and production loan will be illegal, not just deliberate conspiring to face prices. A simple step would be just to make all the competitive information regarding production and pricing of oil and oil products all the way from the wellhead to the pump public. After oil, as the oil companies all know everything about each other's internal pricing and production, there is no justification for keeping that information from the public. Instead, we have exactly the opposite situation, of course, secret meetings via oil industry subsidized by as present and executives of the oil industry where we'll close if the decisions were made. Oil and energy are too crucial to the economy and people's daily lives to allow them to remain the private domain of all company executives and the oilman, Bush and Shane, the name too, who run this blood and oil administration. But in South Florida, we do love the oily bird. This is the meal Rogers. This is 516A. I'm so happy. It's like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me, a steam father. What is it my child? I have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. I'm afraid to tell me your own father. I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. No, Shane, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promised you would still love me. Of course, my sweet child. Of father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. I'm pregnant. Oh, I see her. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But is it your pregnant and not married? Yes, father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors or stone you today. My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Can you check again? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. It's the first step. The focus is on a fundamentalist and it'll be steamed sand. Me, I speak with you. My esteemed husband. No. What does this mean? What is this? Oh, I have something to tell you. I'm listening. I am having an affair. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, you're lying. I'm going to the backyard to collect some stone. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course, we stone today. No, be in the house. I have a problem with why. So they fucked me up. They deal with them and it problems. That's like me. Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father. It's my son. He did it. He's not using little drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is it, father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are not. The guy didn't see it. The guy didn't see it. The guy didn't see it. The shot on location. In fact. There. That was a six. He also on a pro. What's wrong with some Florida. Why is it such a piece of crap? Anyway, here's a facts from page who says, since one of the horses Brownie was in charge. What is that? Oh, I see those Arabian horses. It's good enough a better job managing FEMA. How about asking what a hook had done a better job in the emergency. Terry Shive, Oh, Michael Jackson's ship bubbles. Britney Spears, Jessica Simpson, Lassie, can't think of a word. Okay, well, put this in my pile. Okay. Also, it says, by the way, as a public service, I saw some Louisiana Fisherman complaining that the day, Bree wasn't lying then to get them a golf to go shrimping. My advice, do not eat anything in New Orleans's page. Get your fish from Iowa next to you, see you. Yeah, good. Oh, that's wasn't a great key job in food. No. I'm going to go poker tomorrow already. I'm not going to tell you what it is. I'm not going to tip my cap, but I already got one. How do you like that? All right. Talk about getting a heavier self. And then that's the thing now. If I'm just come up with these pulls every day, life is fine. It's good to go to head. Count down to kick off with two M today from 79 PM at the press room at 1233 Lincoln Road in South Beach. Stop by for our usual very marginal and embarrassing QM prizes. Along with drinks, pesos and mocks might enough football. Kansas City in Denver. I blow out that 79 at the press room in South Beach with 560 QAM. What's the trend green? Right. That's the quarterback for Kansas City. Yes. He could play a mighty right behind the Tommy Brady, not too close right behind. The red cross money paid rights Richard Walden and the LA times. And again, I'll say like I did to begin the show. We got the ban around there for the American Red Cross on our website to try to get people to donate. And that's fine. I did it a little bit reluctantly, but I know what else to put on there. Did you? Did you? No. But I already did express many, many times. My content for what they did after 9.11. In the fact that I'm real nervous about a lot of these organizations that have all this bureaucracy and waste lot of your money anyway. Richard Walden writes with Hurricane Rita now making news. It's time for Americans to take a more disciplined look at their tremendous generosity. As of last week, the American Red Cross reported and erased 826 million bucks in private funds for hurricane Katrina victims. The critical of philanthropy has the total figure more than 1.2 billion for all relief groups reporting. So the red cross received about 70% of all giving. This percentage was no doubt bloated by FEMA. It's mystifying released to the media of the names of 19 faith-based charities. Plus the red cross, remains a side in three lesson on groups to wish the public should donate. Rather than a much wider group of established relief agencies. This skewed giving to red cross would be justified if the organization had to pay the cost of the 300,000 people of the sheltered. But FEMA and the affected states are reimbursing the red cross under pre-existing contracts for emergency shelter other disaster services. The existence of these contracts is no secret to anyone but the American public. The red cross carefully says it functions only by the grace of the American people, but people includes government, national, and local, but would come to a spectrum of major disasters as they red cross media blitz. The national red cross reports it's been $100 million last year on fundraising alone, and it's hard to escape the organization's warning of armor getting if you don't call them the credit card number, or send a check or donate blood which it resails to the tune of more than 1.5 billion dollars annually, part of its $3 billion in income. In some account of 40, we've had the spectacle of drive-by drop-offs of bags of money in public places such as the Rose Bowl, massively promoted by local media, Hollywood studios and stars in corporate America compete to make huge donations. The red cross brand is platinum. It's fundraising vastly outruns its programs because it has very little or nothing to rescue survivors, provide direct medical care or rebuild houses. After 911 the red cross collected more than a billion dollars a record in philanthropic fundraising after disaster, but the red cross could do a little more than trace-missing people, help a handful of people in shelters, and provide food to firefighters, police, permits, and evacuation crews during that catastrophe. When New York Attorney General Elliott Spitzer asked for documentation of the red cross's response was that it is federally chartered and not answerable to state government regulators. The clamor rose however when the media began dissecting red cross activities in the line 11 aftermath, this resulted in the resignation of the organization's president and chief executive, Dr. Bertadine Healy, and the appointment of Senator Extended and George Mitchell of Maine to oversee its 911 fund and help clean up its image. Funds were then pushed out the door including millions to New York Limot drivers who said they lost income after 911. In Wobbscale Resin, Sir Lorman Hatton to help pay their utility bills. The organization also ran in trouble after the 89 San Francisco Bay Area earthquake when it was revealed that it planned to spend only a fraction of the millions of dollars that had collected the area damaged by the earthquake. When the Bay Area is mayors found, up the insisted that these funds be spent on housing, homeless shelters and health clinics, the red cross had to weigh for one time only its longstanding policy against funding non-red cross groups. Spare changed and there would be a lot of it this time, stays in a red cross national disaster account. This allows it to spend funds donated for one purpose on another one. The red cross expressed to raise more than $2 billion before hurricane Katrina related giving subsides. If it takes care of 300,000 people that $7,000 per victim, I doubt each victim under red cross care will see more than a donut, and interview with a social worker when a short term voucher for a cheap motel, but a few miscellaneous items such as clothing and cooking pots thrown in. The red cross is 3 million unpaid volunteers, 156,000 of whom said it says our deployed hurricane Katrina are sold of the earth Americans. But asking more all the faculty collected money will go and how much red cross is building FEMA in the affected states is a legitimate question even if posed by the person of a small relief agency. As hurricane redadisipated, let me answer my unpopular question like this, giving so high a percentage of all donations to money agency that defies itself only as a first responder and not a re-builder is not the wisest choice. Americans ought to give a much larger share their generous charity to community foundations, grassroots non-profit groups based in the affected communities, and large number of international brand name relief agencies with decades of expertise in rebuilding communities after disasters. And then it says Richard Walden's president and CEO of Operation USA, a 26 year old international disaster relief agency, based in LA. Anybody ever heard that? Operation USA? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. That's all the red cross would like more your money and they can do it with it and have a good time with it. Maybe somebody would get a donut and maybe a purple star to jelly bean with flavor dotter. Maybe a crispy cream. Well, you don't. You don't know something we don't hear anything about them anymore. Okay. Who was off the road? And it wasn't just a low carb thing. There's a low crossing as all over that's did me. But it's just a, it's just ran its course when people began saying something after eating too many of them. I'm dying on the hand. How many people have seen that? Okay. We got to load on our moes more in the building. Can somebody, uh, and we spied him. Have we seen him do you smell him? Is he there? I don't know New York is yet to fan. I'll find out there in the break. Does anybody care? This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Oh, go, go, go, go. This is WQAM where they very build them all and they don't come any better than Todd Keller. Oh, we're moving on. We're going up to the gas and so on. Oh, there's more right for us to go. We're moving on. We're going up to the gas and so on. And they're making no really any inside. So I go through the station. I got to ride me a day. Things like a lot of dead presidents are just a few little but that's okay. Take a look at that day. And then boys dance to eat. And then girls go and they think they can't fall asleep. We're moving on. We're going up to the gas and so on. And then boys think they can't fall asleep. We're moving on. We're going up to the gas and so on. We're going up to the gas and so on. We're going up to the gas and so on. Thanks again. I'll start the last day for the carbon based gas prices. You and your schmuck ahead. The Saudi buddies man. You and all your pizons. Partners in crime. Don't forget Bush and Ben Laden. Okay. Who's with the B is an bastard Spastard ghost. Like I said, we don't want to do that. Don't set the bar too high, man. Don't set it too high. If it was 87 in the whole, I was just the random homesture. He is live in this studio. In the studio. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And then we got the 9 dollars for that Marlin game, that's a good big tune in audience and a tremendous crowd at the stadium. They're jumping off of that bad wagon man. Fasten you and say a B bag. The most in that's in 10 to play the Marlins talk about any any camp on show. That's our kind of pristine line of today. The biggest problem with South Florida is the Cubans to 146. Too much hate to own nine. You see the cross over there. You see the connection? We hate the Cubans, but there's too much hate. Right. The driver's 120, he humidity 114, the politicians. Let's see, you didn't put those other ones on there, did you? Roger. Josh, which one? Too many redness and too many Bible thumbers. Who? Let's get those on there. Now, please just in the nicotine man, the driver of the 120, heat humidity 114, the politicians 26 New Yorkers 88, hurricanes in tornado 75, too many old-fart 67. That should have had a lot more. Too many nasty, hateful, miserable, old yentres. Nothing gets paradise 36 say it's a food paradise 3.3% not too many. French good eighties 11, Gloria Steph on 10, journey headache and the new Roger show, Solomon P.C.s. We only had six. So that should make this feel a little hot. Only six people are hate us like you're poison. Well, like I said, I'm thinking seven. Bye bye bye.