The orodgers Yeah, uh Oh I know Thanks gotta put on the set sets I'm playing spit up You guys will do something you haven't let him say squat all morning long He's working and working Doing what? Uh, you know writing his scripts and breaking that aligns and getting ready for the screen games Ha ha ha ha Right Well somebody's gonna do the top job You see some of us so we just continue playing along We don't let some little candy ass hurricane that's gross our life up Well I've got spare those of us who are far away I have responsibilities Yeah, that's right. Well you got your priorities straight enough Your parents do a little work for change Yeah, I'm not real good at just reading the names of you know open restaurants and stuff right I'm very good. I'll find out what you know about this stuff. I'm very good at finding them Yeah Special that pizza joint. It's not a pretty good. It's very good. Is it yep? I've been here. What is it called? Uh, what's the name of it? I forgot what's that the pizza place of Oh, no boys does raise I think you used to advertise with us a long time ago really that doesn't bring any bells with me Well, I don't know I got my power my phones are working and my It seems to be great right here. It's a little cloudy little drippy Yeah, if you're gonna load for the next four hours I know I think that's everybody that would be a low blow I'm not gonna do anything like that. You're looking at the mad reason not to be there I'll tell you that and you can not imagine You know what it's a good reason to think about getting out of here. Yeah, that's my message to that I said that to you ever. I've been telling people that for years get out before it's too late Well, it's just you know one hit after another and it's getting to the point where it's Under its humbry tough place to live just good the some of these people just get through putting the It tastes back together from Katrina and then and like the people on a west coast with Charlie last year We're there now that the people are rebuilding expensive homes and I guess what surprise Yep, this is what happens when you're in a tropical swamp not a good idea And then upstate New York has got and the new wind was got snow and they and we're Easter when the journey here though New Jersey had bad weather too. They had bloods down the Jersey shore Yeah, Northeastern is a getting wild one thing I've discovered here though when you're north of Lake Ontario For whatever reason in boy, I'm kissing the ground right now, but when you're just north of all of that we 99% of it You miss well, I'm out of here tomorrow. It's really well I have to be in Tulsa Oklahoma for a tell me on Friday for a lot I'm I'm doing a breeder's cup preview show and your studio is in Tulsa So I'm going there tomorrow and and from there I'm heading west not to lost wages Oh absolutely excellent wait a minute don't tell me you're on another vacation No, I'm gonna work. It's just gonna be doing your show from Vegas I think you oughta listen this should be the lesson to you the message Have them set you up for the nice studio I'm sure that one of the casinos for the publicity would love them Well, you've got my amps on a station out there They don't do things out there you could you could do it right from there or even better than that had one of the casinos like the MGM or something like that Caesar's as already said they do it Caesar's the season would be perfect in fact there putting me up So a little plug there from the Humper for Caesar. That's good. Hey, I'm gone Man, I first alive too much worth to do to be sitting here without television Yeah without cable I got newspapers I'm most apart life. I'm like a See an m I got my TV Got my internet we have TV here at the station. Yeah, I was out of wood by yesterday morning while They were all having a mirror where new people were all getting like blown off the face of the map I was having a good time. You know if this was not supposed to be a severe storm when it got to us and yet it has been Who said that who that I'm thank goodness? I I Didn't get sucked into that. I said they kept saying it was gonna be category one when it got here Well, I don't know what category it was even can it was like a three Katrina was a category one Let's a lot of damage especially in days. So this was so wide spread is this about what category it is You know that's more that's marginal in terms of what you should be prepared or not right in Additionally, which they were only guessing anyway. They didn't know this was like a mystery storm The only thing they had right was the the track from Naples on up to the Northeastern across the state It's smack the trio good Neil. I mean you should see what's going on here's Trees down everywhere. I asked the IS George and Josh Cortices said well, is it like back at anger when the traffic lights are all out Yeah, or doing the four way stuff and they said what traffic lights are you? Yeah, or 99 and a half percent of the traffic lights are not functioning in this town or gone They're just not gone. Yeah, well, I just to haul ass right to there four way stop or $198 ticket watch that I've seen the way these people do the four way stuff You know well the way well there's are at all the main intersections the police are out Will they better because the way worsens off load is that somebody stops and then about four cars as soon as the first one goes That about three or four behind and go to all the time to go now. Okay, not good one at a time Okay, a little bit more orderly please So I guess the only people we're talking to are the people in their cars right or transistors Yeah, or the one of the ones who listen to me also last week when I got their transistors to assist you see I had the Josh put the all the information on our website But I guess I wasn't thinking clearly because if people have no power then they don't have any Internet, so it was kind of stupid but at least the people on the rest of the country can see where they can get buck boiling the water Where they can get gas and food and ice and stuff like that. Yeah, well, I'll look at that with interest when I am in another part of the country Yeah, well, don't rub it in but hey, it's getting out. I'm already out. I'm just waiting for the airport to open Yeah, well, what's the story and you know the other thing is Neil? What are you going to story about that? Well today they're closed for today for sure Both airport or both airports. I know a lot of people said that they're going to be evaluating you know Two there were the old closed. I think the rest of the day They are yeah, that was the information we had information Josh had that earlier and I saw it on on a Coral on Channel 7 three major airports are all closed. Yeah for the rest of the day. Yeah for Tuesday So otherwise But I'm hoping that they're going to be open tomorrow any other thing is it you know They closed down 995 last night because they have a curfew. Yeah, so you're marooned here I mean you can't get out by any kind of transportation You're stuck to your fly out wind tomorrow. Yeah tomorrow Susan shows her one. Oh, you'll be fine. You'll be fine a sunny shrine and it's nice and mild and low 70s and the best weather of the year It's just almost worth waiting for oh the weather is fantastic You know it the one break that we got is that it's cool enough that people can open a windows and get some air Right to bed. They know windows in our studio That's why George and Josh have to go in there to do their show today. Yeah because they said about 180 degrees in there It's the old shaken bake. Yeah, George brought He's got a big fan with them, which is something at the beast and the parents. They go fan who's that great Yeah Greg is doing in the corner the whole show George is biggest fan. Yeah, he blows Yeah, hey Greg you're fairy anyway Well, listen have a safe trip off. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Are you gonna be on in the morning? Yeah, Josh gonna be baby sitting your show tomorrow. I don't know what was going on in this morning Well, first of all, I have no alarm seeing you were there. Well, I couldn't get up this morning without no alarm and my cell phone was not See the cell phones don't work down here either right so you're full of your phone out my phone's working at home But it doesn't ring I Can call out I see hmm because there's no power But what does it mean there's no power there's no electricity. I don't know but I can call out But the phone doesn't ring and my cell phone doesn't my cell phone rings and then I've got to use you know I got nothing come in but my own is a ring. I woke up at seven o'clock and came in right But I told Josh that last night. I was in communication with him and I said if you want me call me and I'll call the cell phone I'm because it'll ring I have to do with the fact that after you got there You're still weren't saying anything. I said that's right. Yes, you got an important work to do. I forgot. Yeah Well, we're just gonna do the best to do our regular show interspersing a little information because I don't want to this business So getting all modeling depressing especially when we don't we have a news department. I remember back during Andrew at IOD When we had like truck my aggression it's enough for ram and grits and then all these other people I Henry burrow real new. Yeah, grits and infection right there was a lot of threats in there Especially from your friend for Gary, but anyway Yeah, we really covered that thing like a blanket, but here we don't unless it has to do with the ball game We don't really know too much so Basically I'm getting stuff off the internet out of the newspaper and whatever they and of course They can't fast me anything either because the facelines know right and we can't even get it We can't even get a newspaper really. There's no place to get one So so in other words if I do read this stuff out of the newspaper so I'll be doing a service today Yes, you will just reading the newspaper and taking a lot of cramp for that. That's correct from certain So I don't know what time did we start doing programming mistakes? I heard mad dog I came in yesterday afternoon. I thought well, yeah, that's when that's when so he started it for yeah Well, that was a good idea because the weather because that thing blew out of there by noon. It was already I was a little later than that. Well, maybe one o'clock. It was already over the ocean It was in my backyard. I did want to clock Was it really? Oh, how about families by you? You can much. Oh, yeah, terrible. Yeah, trees. I did no more trees And I actually I live on on a little island We couldn't get on a raffle until five o'clock yesterday there was a big tree block now back during a Andrew was it wasn't it during Andrew that all those big World palms at highly or got uprooted and pulled out of the end right wow It's just not been think about that think about how deep in the ground the roots of those things are the trees that have been there for like a hundred Oh, yeah, but it's I mean it's terrible here. Well looking at there's a that dog face Bonnie Schneider on CNN She showed all this massive stuff and it's just just south of where I'm sitting right now It's just over Lake Ontario and all in New York state and fully in Jersey and the New England man Heavy duty rains and then the reason being that that other row wasn't any of that other thing that tropical storm It was brewing out there over the Bahamas so Alba alpha yeah, the Greek one and another over the Atlantic And that kind of merged with Wilma one. Well, I got our sure the two of them merged together and then they ran into this cool front from up Yeah, they're they're having a 60 miles an hour ground away and fully airport in San Francisco They had a bomb thread in long beach California or forso they got the laser out there This is kind of a good data stay home and just you know call your booking punger guts out wow One beats you some nice airport well, it's not so nice to be there now. I guess because you're sitting on your ass Close from a bomb thread You know all you people that call and phone a bomb thread We have a little more considerate and do it on days when there's less of a crack going on When you think yeah, have a little bit of considerate. I have a little as the Chinese say a little rock monus for those travelers I'll fit it. I go through all this hell traveling at best is a nightmare these days So compounding it with all these horrible delays and closing and stuff So you're positive that for a lot of your airport is closed the rest of the day. That's what's on the crawl on channel 7. Yeah They're quiet It doesn't Was that are you sneezing? I just cough. I don't have a cough button wearing here. It's There I do not go to that doughboys pizza. Don't go there. Please. Why not? Because it sounds to me like one more cough, and that's the end of the humper I haven't been there in a couple of years. Well, don't make today a today you do it just to make it so fun. Do you know what? That's not like you have a lot of choices But that's right. You have no food refrigerator. I do have a half a sandwich left Well, I brush home and get it right now because it'll spur on you anybody has got food to refrigerator It's a good day to pick up because it's just gonna ruin this for anyway So just when it does get on there and before it starts getting botchallism and stuff on it Anyway, what is said and what it said on channel 7 was all three major airports were closed. Yeah But that doesn't mean the rest of the day. I think that may have been so long And hold on what did be so what did they say for today for Tuesday all day? Are you positive that's what that's what everyone is saying It's all the all the websites all the TV stations everybody Same all the websites are saying that because I had our college so that maybe was closed and probably for the rest of the day But that for the water it was maybe the news hasn't been to Ronald yet I beg you pardon maybe the news hasn't yet been to the right and it doesn't work too well Thanks a couple of days before gets up here. I forgot about the wrong delay Yeah, and you know something I'm pleased to say it well listen have a safe trip whenever they start flying I'll talk to you tomorrow. All right. You know how you can between Clarence and the beast up. I may have more all right I was working in the steady research With the news I was in the dead to this what I've given a star But there's more right in his kills what the will to the old old right now in my George P3 Call filing your orders work Flames Peter on the floor. Sorry, wrong, that made my home so big. Seems he's confused about this, then something. He asked me before he was a stop to all this. Is there anything you can do about my land for it? I'm at 7th floor instead of stopping this thing. And as poor as I could be disentered, he will insist. He drove it home. To kill his kids and made them a dozen of illegal codes sandwiched. I do spend service. You know what boo boo's been heard? It's high the need all the time. I do spend service. Oh my god, we're great to call. It's really good. This is my turn to be a new man. Hey, thanks bud. Hey, it says you're full of water. How would international airport is closed and will remain closed? That's what it says right here. So anybody's planning on flying into full water today. I would say forget about it. I mean like that. Anybody there? See, I can't hear you guys now for some strange reason. I have no idea why. Well, that's because I can't turn my own mic on. Oh, so I got to, I'm at the mercy of Josh. You really worked that really except that. Wow, that's okay. Very informal day today. Right, very informal just to do the best we can. We have the reason these guys have to be in the sports studio, which is kind of uncomfortable for us. We don't want to be associated with it. Oh, let me explain how uncomfortable it is. But nevertheless, we, because we have no dots. We can't take any calls in our studio. And actually we want to get some of those really great calls on. I've got a great people who can notice no what's going on by them. And if there's still alive, it would be a shame if some of those chronics got killed during the hurricane yesterday. Get out of the tragedy. You know, I don't know why like these kind of shushing people in the hall because we have all the doors open in here. I kind of like the background. I'll be on some of the. Oh, it was great when I heard Hank coughing thereafter the. Sure. But I was a little bit nervous for him because the last thing he needs before taking off for Tulsa is another p. B. else's suspension. Well, I'm not going to rub it. And he's wrong about that. That would be a terrible thing. In fact, I'll lie to you and say, I wish I could have been there to be true that yesterday, but there would be a bad lie. Just another good reason not to be there. Okay, now let's play a five year. Let's do a little break. It's a 10 14. Yeah, let's let's do a little break. I hear a lot because they couldn't factually be a log or anything. In fact, you people with a transistor system. You have to couch your blessings. And I'll read and what we're going to do is since Hank told me that didn't no place to buy a new paper because no place say, and all the transportation problem, no place to go to electric etc. And so on. I think what I'll do is I'll read both the Sun Sentinel and the Harold and maybe even the Palm Beach post from cover to cover. Oh, but this is Neil Roger and in the phone book, this is 560 Maximum My God. Guys, let's go. 560 WQAF yours, support whole my organization presents the Neil Roger Show. Neil won't be in a game today, so that we may provide you with more stimulating entertainment. Well, suited for this area. And the management state of mind. Live from the white side of the road. It's Miami Hurricanes Girls dot-12. All right. Well, what better to have on doing that? The aftermath of the hurricane and hurricane dodgeball. It's 19 past 10 explode. That's oh, hey, we're back on. Are you starting in again? Hey, I don't know what all days we need people are like trying to put their lives back together again. When some of them are probably like semi-suicidal. So Josh has put this story up there on our website. And like I said, I kind of forgot that most of you don't have power. So, well, and it looked at people out of town. Can we didn't say see, we're good thing we're not there. That's right. What's we're getting on the pool today? And that pulls you to stay up for a couple of days. Like the one from Friday did. Yeah. Although we do have 112 votes on the pool today. Sure. Because almost all of them have to be from out of town. Oh, this is interesting. This is going to be out of the out of town people. That's something. Right. That's right. It's excluding the South Florida people who are just pissed off and fired up and disgusted for having to be there. Anyway, here's what the sun's sent. Here's the summary of everything that you just survived. And we assume you survived because otherwise you'd be dead. You wouldn't be listening. Hurricane Will McClubber, the entire 7.5 of the state yesterday, killing 7 people, causing heavy flooding in the Florida Keys, ripping off roofs from the west coast of the east, blasting out South Florida office, sunrise windows, quitting one of the largest power outages in Florida history. Residents had a weird, you know, who really pisses me off? Who? Especially on Key West. They were, they're, they're the Florida counterparts of the Key Jones. Oh, well, we're a K-John, we're standing in the Orland. And it's the same thing with the, what are they calling themselves down there in the Key, uh, where the, uh, the Fagans? Yeah, the, the Gagans. No, there's an aim for it. No, no, I'm so drunk. That, that's it. The concrete public. I think a lot of them suffer from a cank on ahead because 90% of the people that they didn't evacuate and they're just can kiss the ground that they didn't get killed. You have to be a lunatic, a maniac. And anyway, residents had a week to prepare, but we're still left gasping. It will must strengthen reach. Who could when up costing $10 billion in damage, uh, more than any of the four storms that the state last year. The hurricane came short, 22 miles south of Naples as a cat tree. We're checking to see if a Joyce is still alive, or we're certainly hoping not. And buzz across the state. They fit cat tree or higher than it Florida 19 months. In South Florida, what made Wilna, you need was her wide, weak closing your reports causing their universal power outages, major destruction, Broward aid and Palm Beach counties. Do the extensive damage, Broward and the counties that were under curfew until 7 o'clock this morning. So you see, Hank shouldn't have probably been coming to work before seven anyway because we had a curfew. Yeah, that's true. I said, we were right. I thought the people would be unpuzzledly surprised by the power of the storm. And I think they've been unpuzzledly surprised. So Tony Carper, Broward's emergency management director, the driver's hurricane that has some decades. Let's see. I don't know why I don't want to waste my time reading all this other stuff. Indeed, county glass rain down from exploded building for Sides in the downtown financial district at Broward Avenue. Luxury condos, bank buildings, businesses were heavily flooded. My name is National was closed. And let me see it again. What the sunset was saying, what they're saying for Lauderdale Hollywood National is closed and will remain closed. It doesn't even say for the rest of it. Like maybe for the rest of your life, who now knows? But it sure is closed. So anybody planning to bail out or anybody think of that they're flying back in, it's in the work to promise them. With electricity out for records, 3.2 million of its customers, FBNL expects to take up to four weeks to restore service. Do they do a hell of a job or what? They are really the absolute, let's salute our folks. Let's tip our hand to the folks in FBNL. Up to four weeks to restore power to 3.2 million customers, homes and apartments and businesses. The utility at Sir of 35 counties plans to offer a more successful service. For a success estimate, sometimes they would express to resume service to the very last customer without power. If they're going to tell us today, when it is in other words, you wouldn't say if an Evans come back in the year 2525. And then to provide a county of a county breakdown, perhaps tomorrow, and sub-counting estimates later in the week, executive said in the conference call at yesterday. Most audiences concentrated in South Florida with about 98%. So if you're in your car, kiss the radio, if you got one of those transistors, that I told you the last week, kiss it. Isn't that what Bubba said? Kiss it. Kiss it. With about 98% of all subscribers are two and a half million customers in the track county or a day-browered Palm Beach without service like yesterday, that included more than 860, 2000 customers in Broward, 650,000,000 Palm Beach, and almost a million just a million just a half a million in day county. We asked for patients as we work around a clock marshalling as many resources as we can, said, D.C. Williams, she must be one of the original key figures you think? No doubt. Or is that G-Share of G8? Vice President for Distribution of the FPNL. FPNL also asked customers, please do not call the company to report outages. Usually people find out their phone lines. If there appears to be an emergency, such as a down line that seems to pose an amount of danger, call 911 or call 1-800-4-outage. 1-800-4-outage, O-U-T-A-G-E. Wilmanak Power Outer, more FPNL clients, and any single event of a company's history said, President of the FPNL Armando, Al-Avera. Let's see, I'll put that in my pulse, say that over here, you're saving it. Oh yeah. You've got the agastations that are open, and I don't want to like, this would be really bad to tell you this, but to show you how self-restourges he told you before to show, and he wasn't there when there was one sick go and look, he had heard at the real few. Mm-hmm. And he wasn't going to put the address on there because he'd like to get their first and tour class before they run out again. There you go. That is bad. You still going to do it? No, I don't. Read everything that I got to do it. Such as this could be a comedy routine, which is handwriting, which all looks like doctors. Hey, how have you got this morning by the way, Territz? You were just, oh boy, go ahead. Oh, well, I mean, I got all kinds of stuff here, like, not just gas stations, but... Well, no, no, no, no, let's do it orderly, okay. Like an hospital. Let's have you in orderly. If you can see what I have in order to... All right, pick and choose. We got the bill boys' pizzas, that a gas station. Oh, well, you might get some bad gas if you eat there, but I hear it's pretty good. Make up your own mind what county is it right now. If he goes there right now, he's probably on his way. Come on, fast, so quit eating, quit show it. And that better people shouldn't be eating no pizza. Go ahead. Mobile gas, you want to $57.00. Do boys pizza? Since you just mentioned it. This is the order that I have here. $8.29.17 Street cars away in Miami around noon, they say. Latin cafeteria open now 12.00. 12.00 and West 29 Street in High-Eliya. No, no, no, wait a minute. Latin cafeteria is a gas station. Listen, if you could see what I have here. Okay. It's all walking through gamma design. Just read the list. I got five places to give gas. Very young people. It's on them and there's no order. I wish I could fast until you get crack up. Home Depot in the Oakwood Plaza's open. Sit, go. Here we go. Home Burner. I'm not to go around. Open with gas. 72nd and 87th Avenue. That's 72nd Street. You make up your own county, whatever you want. 72nd Street in 60 second Avenue, 56th Street and 67th Avenue. The public said 111, 12, 137th Avenue is open. Public's in date line is open. South Miami Hospital cafeteria is open for some of that, you know, yellow. Good cafeteria for good fellows restaurant, 186th and 104th Avenue in public range is open. Jumpbows restaurant, 751 north west 7th Avenue is open. Here's some gas. It doesn't say the name of the gas station, but it's gas. 90 second and bird road. I'm going to skip that. Public's at 800. What do you mean you're going to skip past now? Walmart Walmart. Walmart is open at sample internal creek. That's the Walmart of coral springs. The public's on a hundred and eighty-fourth and fourth Parkway, 10th row of prizes open. Also the public's at sample and 441 in Margate is open. 441 in Helen Dale. Sit go. That's the one that I wanted to keep a secret. It's open. Walgreens bird and where? I said 441 in Helen Dale Beach Boulevard. Oh, no, you did not. Well, trust me. I did. What? They have no gas. Oh, they have no gas. See? See what happens? Anyway, Walgreens are bird and they're mini mards open. Yeah. Just the mini. I bet they don't have any. I see the bird and red. The Walgreens of Bird and Red is open. And so is the Walgreens at Bird and East Flagler. Windixie on a hundred and eighty-third and fifty-seven-dabony is open. The public's on a hundred and eighty-sixth street and sixty. Let's say sixty-seven-dabony. That's what it looks like to me. Is open. No ice. A lot of Hill Park. Yeah. I don't know why I'm reading that. I got the listing here where people can hear. There's also no ice here. It's a prize. I got all that stuff. And CSS is selling generators. Call them at 954-410-0809. 410-0809. 410-0909. Yeah. And that brings us to the, that's back around at the beginning of what I just read there. Great. Okay. Also, most of the Broward and areas of Palm Beach are under a boil water alert. We'll do all of this stuff from there. Browse of Park's dive by the way. I mean, there is other stuff from there. Go down in the world. And I'm sure since people couldn't get news papers and they got no electric. They can't see the TV. We got TV right here. We got TV right here. The TV? Because Mrs. Lindball on there. 28-past 10-it-w-u-q-a-n. Braves-ripped. Stability and security. And our government is doing everything in its power to confront and defeat that threat. We are expanding and strengthening terrorism. These efforts are paying off. We have established the terrorists from the mountains of Central Asia to the deserts of the Middle East. And from the Horn of Africa to the Philippines. There is more to do. And the next several months suicide bombings, the headings, and other horrific acts, can and should be accelerated. And we're working toward that goal. We're doing everything in our power to unite disaster and by staying focused and determined, we will prevail. Thank you very much. Your welcome, man. You're doing a health and job. Thank you, put us low gas prices. That's an extra quality global warming that you're helping contribute to with your friends and big business. I would say he is, like old Browny Brown. He is doing a heck of a job. HECK OF a guy doing a heck of a job. 26-4-11 o'clock. We got a Mroid 2 o'clock to South known to illuminate and elucidate. then mad dog is four, pants are previewed with seven damn good things that games on the road against the penguins who ever want to gain me at by the way this season. I think they got like instead of sitting grows the thing they got big crossbow and marry a little and I've got anyway the pathers at the penguin 7.30 followed by the encampment show and we'll do our best to entertain and amuse and inform. We got to inform right? Yeah I sure would it. I mean you know we can put a little couple on somebody's face after this trauma that they went through yesterday. It's worth a million dollars I would say in fact just send it in small bills to us we'll do it up and we'll send a whole bunch to charity a whole of about thirty-day dollars. Both my main international and fourth-larit day I'll Hollywood airports closed yesterday after suffering damage from hurricane will my hand, my me officials were skeptical whether they could resume flights today. This is what the hero the same because there seems to be some debate, they're playing it like minute by minute hour by hour. The roof system terminal buildings at MI were significantly damaged and fencing along the perimeter road was down said Greg Chin and Air Force spokesman. It's not a safe place to be right now Chin said we're getting maintenance crews to get the breach parts of the fence fixed as soon as possible but if need be to get to your portal when as soon as possible the staff people in those breached areas he said. If court-lutter day airport officials met with airline representatives and the TSA last night about the earliest time the airport can resume flights. I'm gonna keep checking this like every 10 seconds okay okay I'm sure that you got the now let's see you have the cable in there right we have I don't know if it's cable but we have the local channels. You got now that's our part of it NBC 6 which you sure got a lot of airtime last couple of days so you want to like just keep checking their crawl and the bad news is that over the weekend you don't see it not seeing it was MSNBC they kept throwing on channel 4 because I guess they have a skeleton crew on MSNBC over the weekend it's a cheap ass operation obviously anyway and they kept and they kept throwing channel 4 and then the channel 6 on there too and so I was entertained by Tony Sigerretto and Jackie Nesprough I kept thinking of myself oh this is like a bad dream well look at you the only like we have one of those little portable battery operated TV things and yeah it could only pick up channel 7 oh yeah it was a worse than death I thought I was doing so I kept thinking about it so oh there's that dog-faced body Schneider but certainly everyone's thinking to send a grease for picking up some moisture as a result of when we're being close enough but not the perfect storm that we were anticipating last week which is a good thing that's not really good now we've had an hot short already ready for do things some snow through parts of western sections of Pennsylvania and we're expecting that snow to work its way out into the higher elevations of Massachusetts into the mountains of all my and upstate New York plenty of rain and wind deal with as well check out these wind guys in New York City it's already gusting up to 38 miles per hour Cleveland at 30 and that's pretty far west but far in the windy city you know they expect to come 47 mile an hour gust in Boston broad time they got to real tourist there oh speaking of our news partner yes they got three TVs showing local news here in the studio ten four and seven is on the TVs so our news partner is at one of the ones that were able to watch it here well then how how are they planning up channels six all morning longman and yesterday I don't know it's not all of these TVs maybe they're loading here so well we're probably figured they got enough cover job ready well I don't understand what do you mean it's not on those TVs well there's a good news they're like crystal sets they're tuned to one frequency new one of them well there's four total what is on ten one is on seven one is on four and the other one is on the kids too bear and steam bears yeah yeah so another remote channel is that what you try to remember note scattered about the room but who knows what goes to what yeah well just give it a shot it will be some really say anyway Miami I'm an actual head of one one way open yesterday mostly the sir government workers but closed airline and cargo operators have moved their planes uh to other location to advance will mark in airlines mommy's largest carrier had kept two jets in their hangers the planes board damage sent in line spokesman net the les also close port ever lades and will afford to they'd count the both of that power proud officials said FB and lades made me stirring up uh power to port ever lades of priority because it's the infu point for most of south Florida's gasoline tankers uh huh the bar port handles about 13 million gallons a gas today's responsible for about a fifth of all the state's gasoline so that's a high priority and also any place that FB and l official's uh live in that area that's also a hot top priority getting power restored is that correct okay trust me I will now most of brown in areas of palm beach are under a boil water alert in palm beach counting a boil water alert by the way means tap water is not drinkable don't drink it unless it's been boiled for least three minutes in fact to be able to say shot aside the three and a half yeah that's a hard boil by the way yeah that's a hard rolling broiling broiling broiling broiling broiling broiling like boiling like you're gonna like you're gonna throw pasta in it in fact that's not a bad idea I play that bonks sound effect but you know how that goes oh palm beach counting delray beach river beach island beach and lake worth are all under a boil water alert in west palm beach all city customers are without water will be under a boil water alert once services restored said marquill and surra a city's folks women city officials know at least 15 brace in the city's water lines in west palm and water treatment plan has received some damage in brown or the city of coconut creek residents who receive the water bill from the city of coconut creek boil that water in the city of deer field beach city of Fort Loderdale city of Hollywood residents in areas west of state road seven east of the turnpike and south of Hollywood Boulevard east of the turnpike and south of Hollywood Boulevard said include you no well don't boil water then city of Loderdale lake city lighthouse plug residents in the northern portions which has a little bit vague to me I don't know I don't like the way that it says it here north north of what you know city open park city of parkland residents in eastern areas again vague and nebulas city of pember park city of plantation including unincorporated rob you park in the area located north of sunrise between 56th and sunset strip served by the city of plantation city of pop at obiege residents in northern portions of we see the water bill from brown county water wastewater services the city of west park city of Miramar that's just down the road from us right residents north of south west 25th street and the south of southwest tens stream do do do do do do do you city of timber at the entire city bullet city will manners boil it loaded out by the sea north pere airport boil it unincorporated rower county residents in the area bounded by brown bourret and the south north west 25th way on the east in north west 15th court on the north and north west 38th have no under west little two complex for my uh... nimbled mine del ray beach florida police folks women Jeff message said that his city has multiple i mean breaks in my water pressure will be stood when the storm clear the blow water order will continue to further notice let's see i guess they can be not under a blow water notice hmm i don't know well this is the sun suddenly see i could say they don't know i better double checkers the sun sent a sort of cest with the brown in pombies especially pombies county the water is good and dead well and drinking well the way to say that water should and date come on down and drink some man in fact if you live in brown it's always the gas not a good idea well i will have to break i will do the uh... after a while i would be doing a lot of this today because i do have my regular bedtime stories because especially since most people without power can see what's happening on the tv they don't have one right and since we don't have really an all new station in the market anymore do you have a split of the square status keep channel you people are lunatics crazy people i mean we stay on all new states used to be i in z and was supposedly good to be do i didn't put a lot of bogus right wing Nazi talk shows under instead very embarrassing all of a sure that they're right doing their best in order probably they got john legged on there when you think uh... uh... yeah food water ice other hurricane supplies we got they brought and pombie troll that water in date is good roseaparks is dead and life will go on this is new the white house and somebody to the city uh... they said he gets paid if he bush's plans on the radio absolutely a white o l a they walked up to him offer 240 grand to spin a few lights in a number of the welligal馵 The world they talk, three or less about the channel that they've been hiding And got taxed, they used cash each time New sky around, and he collected a fee And they said, he's in the pocket of the first Jamie But our strong way is a radio guy Betty, we friends taking drugs, he gets a damn to pay Oh, the love, the A-Rite for when they pay Oh, the love, the A-Rite for when they pay Oh, the love Can you say sell out? It's a promise it's before 11 at 5, 60 WQA, yeah Goes even with no electricity, no radio, well, shame on you Right? Right In fact, maybe they can just live in their car Don't run the battery down, listen to your car, but That's not a bad idea, though, right? Because you're not supposed to be driving money, yes Limbs and trees and all kinds of crap down here They didn't make me come in here, I would have stayed home with all the... A traffic light, so a very few traffic signals work And probably like 99% of them are out either not functioning Or like hanging and dangling and stuff like that Okay, here's a tip, because there are some cops Drecking traffic on selected intersections When the cop is waving at you to go, please go or just put them off Oh, sorry Yeah, well, you have to be alert for that, you know, you're a little bit... Yeah, no, we take a little bit out of uh, I understand, I'm deli-yeah Okay, here's the deal, food, water, ice, other hurricanes, it flies I realize a lot of this is redundant, in terms of been reading it over and over But you know, something what else we're gonna do Now you could punch up our call if we had any Okay, do you see any lines flashing there? Do it, say hello Hello, how are you doing? Pretty good, you okay? Yeah, I'm okay Hello? Yes sir I'm here, my amelage man I'm in this room, this place looks like a war zone Yeah I mean, it's awful trees all over the places There's hardly any electricity, although there's a couple of places that's very nice and stuff Yeah And, but man, I'm telling you, you love you, and Toronto Name in So, I'm not gonna do that I'm gonna go outside right now, I'm kissed the sidewalk, I'm gonna kiss the ground That's how happy I need to be Do it like 30 times I'm gonna kiss it, probably I'm not turning man And again, exactly man I'm not turning man, I'm not turning man, I'm not turning man Hey, thank you man, they care Okay Well, there's a call, see now that was good Yeah He's the tree, a lot of trees uprooted just ripper it out of ground It's a category three is not to be munked with Including the one on my house Some of these silly people out there, reports I'm getting is that I got lucky there But you will never know Never know till I have like a room by room inspection and like You know check it all out And of course that thing with the airports Oh brother Anyway, here's the list, Broward County Ice water and this is gonna take a long time But you know what it's so what else we're gonna do Right? Definitely Broward and don't go looting okay We don't want to send reputation as those slime balls in New Orleans That were in the same thing Where do they just hang out on the cave, can't coon in the Cousin alleys, we're using the same stuff By the way, too late, they're already looting it up Well, I'm just giving my advice, okay I want to be inside of a lot and this is not a situation where there's like no no food available at all or water Right, that's why we're gonna give this list over and over again instead of going in here looting places and Don't be looting no sneakers of course unless they're Nike's But the Cooper city ice water and food will be available at Brian Pickleau Park Remember that movie Brian song? Yes, James County five of a one Sheridan street hours to come it says well see this is not the Centribal hours to come my ass I just not that I don't like that well anyway 951 Sheridan that's not far from you Right way out there twist It's not that far far find one for you you can go to the Oakwood Depyze between There's an interesting ass man. I got a judge right just needs to guess cross springs from more information It just has a phone number for our food water nice call nine five four three four four one O one we do have this on our website, so if you know anybody it's got a computer go and look at it Three that's got electric anticomputer three four four one o o one Then you beach free ice and water we distribute it at city hall sometime to again sometime today between now and circus Call daily emergency operation center at nine five four nine two four thirty six hundred before you go She left it over there to find out whether they're distributing or not yet nine two four thirty six hundred Hollywood residents could pick up ice and water at Oakwood Plaza They've been butchered parking lot between sterling and Sheridan east of inner state I 95 well you're familiar with that and that we see all our shows right that's right there right there right there for you Waterdale lakes for information call nine five four five three five eighty twenty fifteen Let me try it again nine five four five three five two eight one five and water hill Ice and water will be distributed at city hall park located 1900 north west 55th Avenue as far as the food is concerned. I'd go over to doorboys Yeah, there's a man also also if there's any Restaurants that are open they ought to like be calm as in or like fasting as in or something And huh do boys They have a a correction and a second location that's going to be opening up if you want me to go The correction is because Claire said Miami written down here even though I said 17 up out as you know exactly That's eight twenty nine seventeen street causeway in four lottery. It was supposed to Oh, he wasn't far off as supposed to the 17th street causeway Miami. It's not there And they have another location going to be opening it noon at 172 and pines and yeah, I say offer to bring us some food down here at the station Which I say All right, baby Okay good and then if it's good we can say boy. This is a place you will they have people lined up for 10 miles and if it's bad then I will save you a lot of gas Waterhill ice of water at city hall park at nineteen hundred and north west 55th Avenue in Miramar residence can call nine five four What what kind of a number is this? 602 43 57 help for city service questions. I don't think they help as part of the phone number. Okay A curfews enforce from 17th the seven a until for the notice in Miramar. We know that it could try to boss people around north Lodderdale shelter at Park Lake Elementary School 39 25 north state where seven Lodderdale lakes two truck loads of ice and water will be available today and Kimberly Boulevard Kimberly Boulevard Boulevard. It says here boy Answer the where we're putting this together. I know they're under lot of pressure and state road seven Kimberly Boulevard in state road seven a half in pines park 7800 hemp in Boulevard starting at noon starting at noon in north Lodderdale in Parkland for information call nine five four seven five three 50 40 7 535 40 leave a tower good friends in plantation man. It's just it says in plantation call the citizens hotline nine five four five eight five 23 63 585 23 63 or log on to plantation.org nobody's got any electric okay I'm not gonna log on to plantation.org use silly people you quizlings sunrise they cities offering updates on their website sunrise FL dot go Well, that's good but nobody's got any power so you silly people and sunrise Tamarack Tamarack sure came help lines at nine five four seven two four 24 36 seven two four 24 36 Western residents can call city hall to report problems That's not that's not that's not I'm not even gonna read that I'll read anyway, but it's not seven thing to do a ever only with food water ice and stuff nine five four 38 five 2000 Will manners for I thought we already did will manners. I guess not for general information nine five four eight three one four thousand There's a lot of stuff on here that's Agributing anyway Palm Beach County do we really want to do Palm Beach County? You told me Boca oh look at this Boca five six one four one six thirty four hundred or two into 16 58 Kable channel 20 or my book about US first of all they ain't got no power so not gonna tune in to be a channel 20 They're not gonna go to my book a dot US because they got no internet 16 58 Whatever that is it's some who knows what that is The FHP chain it be motors issue up there in Boca in the spirit time. What he's not playing golf for listening to us Point and beach for more info call five six one seven four two 64 55 Delray Pompy park not pump at O park but pompy park will be distribution center for ice if necessary call five six one two four three 7400 or And then it's got the way I'm not gonna read any websites Let's see Jupiter is too far Lake worth five six one five eight six seventy nine to one for more information is this stuff We got this on our website too, okay? Not that anybody can see it because they have no park It look our hokey. Oh, that has that's great scary pie Focie community center bay distribution center for ice and water in Palm Beach called the town hotline at five six one two two seven seventy seventy two two seven seventy seven in And then we'll get to the account if we got to do business first This is a meal The meal runs ourselves Let you000 Fuck It's a love video, not goals. Hey, that's good shit. The couple soaks in her behind is a terrible deck though. Hey, body, are these leavens kids by the way? No, man, just really f*** up. We have a devil. Okay, if anything happened to Joyce during the storm, somebody needs to advise us, then we can take the bleep sound of some of these bits. Yeah, that would be a labor of love. Then we can put a few smiles on a few faces out there, as opposed to having moved under all this repression and feminism. Like our son, her bush. Anyway, every QAM, Miami 4-lettered, I forgot to do that. Yeah, I didn't hear that in that region. There's a little bit nervous. WCQA, Miami 4-lettered, El, plus plumber, sweet water and candle, void where prohibited. And the cruel oral springs. Okay, in Dave County, ice water and distribution centers supplies of available approximately to the afternoon. Home Depot, well, this is, well, it's not that long. Home Depot 157-50 Southwest 88 Street, Miami. Metro Zoo, Paris Field, 1034 northeast 8-speed, homestead, Amelia Earhart Park, 401-60-153 in the higher, Leah, the orange bull. Oh, God, don't go there. Miami-Dade Community College North, and Miami-Dade Community College Kendall campus, 80 Barnes Park, 341-South West 77 Street, Miami, Tammy Annie Park, 112-011 Southwest 24 Street, Miami, the Mall of the 163rd Street. Oh, you don't want to go there in North Miami Beach, and landmark property, formerly called the landmark learning center, at 206-100 northwest 47th Avenue, Miami. That's where ice and those are ice and water distribution centers and supplies will be available. Or approximately two this afternoon. Now, yeah, or then, oh, boy, a lot of listed a lot of reading lists. It's going to be a real workout, you know? Palm Beach County opens 11 supply sites today. Schools closed through Friday, let's rock. All these locations in Palm Beach County will have ice and water. Some will have food, but they aren't specifying what you're going to have food. Go there and say, hey, but a half food, I'm going to be really upset. Just jump and down and pitch a fit or pitch a tent. Here are the sites. Gammery Judge, what does that calorie judge grow? What is that? I don't know. Celebrate a misprint? Calmery Judge grow that said, 4,000 or one seminal prep would be road in Lasso, Hatchy. Oh, well, Palm Beach Community College, South County Civic Center at 167, 100 jog road, West Adelray Beach, South Florida, Fairgrounds, 967, Boulevard, West of West Palm Beach, Don't Blade Fire Station at 525 South West, Seconds, Clean and Bold Blade. The boat, I see that house on fire in Bokka, do you see that? Yes, I did. Bokka municipal center, 6500 Congress have a north in Bokka, Gaines Park, 1501 Australian Avenue West Palm. The provocay community center, 360, Main Street, South by Poki Manford, that fabulous cherry pie that Poki is so famous for. Pompy Park, everybody did a couple of these, Tanner Park, 105 Palm Beach Road and South Bay. And the Wells Recreation Complex named either after Mary Wells or maybe a Chris Wells at 2409 West Avenue, H in Riviera Beach. Some previously and on sites, Burrell's Ranch or Roger Dean's Stadium will not be operating, at least today it says will not be operating. Palm Beach County School's because at least do Friday, more than 95% of schools have no electric anyway. Let's see, well, that's Palm Beach. Now, I got list of about 55,000 cancellations and stuff like that. And I just, you know, I have to be a little, a little bit discretion. Because otherwise we'll hear it all midnight. Well, no, because the list is so long and there's so many addresses here and, oh, guys, just the ponderous. Okay, we gave it the day County, Icyn, the water locations. Let's see. And as if we really need to tell you about schools being closed, schools are closed. Right, right. Oh, that's a whole list here. I don't know. I mean, if anybody has to, that's stupid. Because the school doesn't. Stay home. Yeah, don't go to school. Don't drive. Stay off the phone. Let's just necessary because the phone lines are jamming. Oh, yeah. Okay, airport, Slack, I say, my international closed until further notice for Loderedale Hollywood closed until further notice. Florida Keys and Marathon closed today. Key West International Airport closed today. They say passengers advise to call your airlines and determine when service will resume out of Miami and door for Loderedale. Some flights might not be operating even after the airports were open. So, call your airline. I'm not going to give you those phone numbers on here because who cares? Vane Transit Metro Rail Services Feta 35 days for repairs, a bus bridge, will run free public buses parallel to the metro rail, buses are running on a limited route or is that route? Monroe County, bus service is spent until further notice. Rower County Transit, service suspended all day today. Port of Miami on determine cruise passengers call your cruise line. Port Everglades closed to shipping traffic. Cruise passengers call their cruise line first. Alligator Alley, toll suspended in east and westbound directions. On the Florida turn by toll suspended northbound in Southbound for me to say one to exit 309. The Polk Parkway never heard of a toll suspended. You know where that is? Will are you eaten food? I got a cordola bar here. Oh, I thought the pizza show. Oh, I'm waiting. Come on, don't boys. Bring us all the food you want, man. Because we're going to eat lots and lots of good plugs in a better be good because if it's bad, we'll trash your ass. And an extra one to take home. Right, a couple of extra is two for Georgian two for drives to take home. Sograps expressway, toll suspended north and southbound. These sunshine skyway bridge toll suspended in the northbound direction. The day to expressway authority all toll suspended including the dolphin, the downshadow, the grantany, the airport to snap or creek expressway. Special operations committee imported directors meeting set for today post bone. Ricken back her, Mark Arthur Venetian Judy and settle causeways closed today to everyone but residents or a central person now. Let me say again, the ricken back her, Mark Arthur Venetian and Judy and settle causeways closed today to everyone of said, residents or essential personnel. Courts closed today. Got it. I'm not going to read them off. I mean, you know, who's going to go to court today? Exactly. Cleveland Clinic Hospital, our patron and elected procedures cancelled today. ER means open. The employee hotline at the Cleveland Clinic 954, 689 5777, patron information 954, 6995000, 6995000, Jackson Memorial, our patron and elected procedures cancelled clinics closed pregnant women to call Jackson paternity hotline at 305 585 2229, or Jackson South 305 25125 100, Jackson's health system employees call 305 5858000. Why am I given that number out of you? Don't worry about number where you work. Probably better off you're not there. Memorial health care system elective and outpatient procedures cancelled today and Memorial regional hospital in Hollywood and Memorial hospital in Hollywood. Postal service office is closed and liver suspended in zip codes 3 2 7 0 0 2 3 4 9 0 0, which includes Dave Rower Monroe and Palm Beach counties. I thought that whether hail or rain or snow or will not in that way. We just wrote that on that building. It has nothing to do with them. They look at that. They're showing. Look at this. It's just been hit hard by heavy rains over the past couple of weeks. We have that situation. It's hot. Not to choose. It's where there was an old dam. That was threatening to get away from all the pressure called the rain and the water. In that or some dark and plucking reported to him. But who can tell he's got that red smotter blown all over his head. The place would still a lot of sure was going to see Rob Marciano underluff this weekend. Anyway, let's see. You give you the postal service closed it today. Delivery suspended. No bills to that. It's good. Trash pickup. Yeah. All the way to power. Carbage recycling and bulk trash pickup suspended. The county. It's an ongoing assessment. Once the county apprises the damage they pre pick up will begin. Well, thank God for that. Go out there and get all that crap off the roads on the sidewalks and everybody's yard. All those limbs and trees. Man. City of Miami regularly scheduled garbage collection expected to resume today provided that roadways are clear. How do you like that? Well, let's hand it to those folks in day going out there and pick it up that trash. Those sanitary engineers. You go boys. Hollywood, Dave Rewoldle begins today. Good news for you. Good. Moral Gables. Trash pickup resumes today. But expect collection one day later than regularly scheduled pickup day recycling is suspended. Is it a little for the notice? I'm here's a pal. These are all closed. Residents of the boardwater I did. Price Gouching Hotline. If I'll complain with a third attorney general called this number. 866. Tool free. 1 866. 9. No scam. Or just 9. No smith. 1 866. 9. That's 866. 966. 72226 for those of you. A little bit too slow feeboard or stupid or just panic you do. Combobulated. 1 866. 966. 72226. Anybody tries to rip you off it of course. Now that we have that new law in effect. Yeah. They're trying to gouge me man. Yeah. Come gouge this. Parts are of course all closed. Not a day can be taken to kids to the park. And then as far as you fence, I don't know whether I should do these because it's so many. So I'd be selective. Be selective. Daniel Highlight closed Monday for simultaneous was a little later that was yesterday. Festival Miami, concert performances post-bomb. There was one thing about the Jewish holidays. Oh yeah. 8 often rose to the lowest Jewish community center in vocal because today in a more for the holiday. But how is it that? 8 often is it Jewish name. You better watch it, Mr. with an anti-Semitic and you've read after a Wilma. This is not the time for that. 8 often. You may say hello to me. 10 to rise. So what about your is this circus just something now? I tell you about that. I don't know. Yeah. It's not enough to keep everybody satisfied for a couple of months for Christ's sake. Let's see. The 4-dollar initial votes show post-bomb to October 29. And remember first. Friday fights at the South Florida Fairgrounds cancel to October 28. Key West fantasy fast post-bomb to the moral for kickoff. Oh that must be word of is, you think? No. I spoke to this morning. He's here in South. And how do you make out? Why don't you buy a little trap because he's over on the beach somewhere. I mean he's trapped. You know how they they close the bridges. All the bridges are down. So he's trapped over there. That's why he's not here. The old bridges are down. He just called. He said he's working his way over here. I'm working my way back to you, baby. He's swimming. He's got rubber wrap. Go home, stuff. Key West fantasy fast post-bomb until November. I'll continue to October 30. About 30 minutes. Mind that. Let's see. The Mozé theater. Is that named after Jack Mozé? Oh. Oh, the nine-inch nail sponsor yesterday, Bank Atlantic Center Post-Bomb, New Day TVA. I'm a beef voice concert post-bomb until last week in December TVA. Bond Jovey, ticket. I know Jordan is upset about the tickets go on sale. Saturday at the Bank Atlantic Center. Hit the box office 10A and Mrs. October 29. Chicago Blues on Harrison Street. Nobody cares about that. Oh, the domino tournament. Oh boy. That's really. Oh, great. I'm looking. I'm just looking through these to see if there anyone. Oh, Hanson Sunday concert post-bomb and top of the beach post-bomb, New Day TVA for Hanson. At least the ticket goes to the Hanson concert by the will. Be shot at the entranceway. That's incredible. Hanson, my ass. I'm looking at this. Any. You know, there might be some of the pet clinic. Broward County's low-cost pet vaccination clinic post-bomb till November 19. Plantations aren't in the park weekend. Post-bomb until December 10th and 11th. Last, a roughest day, Bajo. Rats below. Premier post-bomb until October 31st, APM at Tiatro Tower. I just wanted to say, also roughest day, Bajo. Yeah, it's about my basement. Is it? I don't know the basement, but. And the red-hatt ladies' toy collection has been post-bomb until October 29th and Willed Manors and you know Willed Manors got lots of ladies. At a sucks. With your latest update, I'm Todd Keller. There's many important things going on that you won't want to wake up to. So here's sports instead. Sports God, you kill O'Neill. Many sports holes wish of gay men, then go manner. Kind of equal to 9-0 today. Light away something new. Wait a minute, buddy. Where is the love? Where is the love? I'm on. You don't promote the prestigious Kakafoni. And he did the ball. How did they even show it to the noise? That's what I mean by where's the love? Another chestnut. My baby pants would feel style a human. I can't. I can't. I like it. Where is the love? No, no, no, no... There were women. Where did he go? You know it has reminds me of the time I bought a Nest RS. And all the time I bought it, was buying the sports cord. Oh man. What are you saying that about the deadly weed? It's, too, again. Yes, it was. I use specialized Nest RS. What is that? It has a little mac카�. How many horsepower? Time to fade you to understand. It's a sex change well it's something we'll hear. What is an issue of problems? is your problem? Oh, Doc. I've always been a lesbian. I've heard of you with a white coat and a clipboard and all that's talk about Harriet Miles and this sound. You know why I'm in SRS? Yeah, yeah. We've bought a Recon Mirror Dice and an A-Trek. Look at how he's there. Let me check your ears. Sure. Second off the grey matter, huh? Kind of same height, I'll see. There's smutney potatoes. I'll see here. You went bad. You could take their pants on. Not ten wide. Whoop. Poop. Poop. Poop. Poop. They've slept all the way from Boca in at Mass, huh? It's going to be a Mass, too. The Highways are a rack. It's brutal. Wow. Drive carefully, Mo. And then we got them at Dolby before. He was on yesterday. So he's a veteran now. I wouldn't have done the show yesterday, but they didn't want to risk a whole bunch of you guys' lives coming in there. Oh, you wouldn't have done it anyway. The storm was raging at, you know, in the raging and eating. Yeah, it didn't calm down until after noon. So. And then when they told me they had some Schmuck run and a board there that there's no as asked for my elbow and wasn't going to be able to. Do this and do that. I said, I know. That's okay. I'll just sit down. Yeah. Beginning in agonizing all two from in your progress, who died the owner of the New York Times. So Wellington, Mary, 89 died of cancer just in the course of the parkside. We'll get eventually to all of that stuff. I got the whole pile of stuff here that I want to get to. Okay, let me just do this. Here's the pulveres off from Friday, which our realize has not. Oh, there's your fan asked governor. Oh, I like today. Oh, God. Get him out of town. That's why you keep getting all these hurricanes. The Lord is really pissed off at him and all lies in all the crap. And where there's slots by the way, jab you idiot you quiz like you fair. And if leave the waste. Yeah, I'm working on the way all right. Leave your way right out of town. Right out of the dodge. Oh, Governor. Governor, Jeb Bush, I give you an update on the recovery of Hurricane Woma. This wasn't intense storm. Please don't tell me that's why I think that is then Iliana with the glasses. Now she's wearing. It looks like Iliana with the glass. Oh, no. That was Iliana Rosanna, Dan. And all she said was it was all. Oh, great. Yeah. What news a group for singer do you secretly like but would never admit that that was the pool on two. It seems like a month ago a Friday. We had the 1943 vote for it was on their long time. Grand Manelow wins. Hey, Barry. You fair. Two hundred eight votes. George Michael 125. Abba one thirteen. The BG's 94. Boy George 86. See, I, the fact that there are 86 people like him. I mean, maybe a song that he did that you like. Who? Boy George. Oh, not me. No. Talking to somebody else. Sure. Yeah. Elton John 81. Neil Diamond 80. Allegion is on mine. M&M66. The monkey is 62. What's not to like? The monkey's made some fun music. Not great. But oh, you sleepy queen. What are they show? What is a can't be comedy music? Right. That was fun. John Bonjovie 54. No, macho guy. It's sad. The carpenter's 50. Michael Jackson's 50. 50. 50. The village people 47. Avolivine 45. Barbara Stuyson 45. Same nose. That's what boys 42. Elvis 40. Camped an inch to the middle 39. Stingardan 34. Journey 33. Ari O. Speedwagon 33. Millies in early 29. Jimmy Buffett 25. Have another cheaper group in Paradise Paradise My Ask. Rick Nelson 25. Ari M. 25. Anne Marie 23. That's scary. Rod Stewart and kissed 20 of peace. Celine Dion 19. And Louise McGillard will Smith 19 of peace. Ricky Martin 18. A Ricky. You're fairly. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. You're very. Wayne Newton 16 play. Aken 16. Hey Clay. You're very. On the other side of 14 he's going to wife in a bunch of kids all the way. Certainly very. Faye. Forner and Boston about be. Vintin 14. A piece. CC R 13 Brian Adams 12. Good Canadian boy couldn't sing as well. About paper sack. Aqua 11. Michael Bolton of 10. Bobby Goldsbro music to blow your brains out. Oh honey. I miss you. 980. 980. 9 John Teshate. That mid-Lar 8 and 8 and 8. 10 Newt. 8. Hermann's Hermann 7. Rob Thomas 7. Sylvester 4. Gary Lewis and the playboys. 3. And O. Town. Oh. Town. Two. From Orlando. Okay. I want to take a couple of calls in here as we go along. We took one. We tried to. We don't want to. We would take more. But they're none on the line. There's one on the line. We're not here. We're not here. They're going to run. But once they see that with a signal is out. They're 5. 670. 5. 60. And the Verizon and Sing of the Barrel. We like to fight out. They're still alive. And 1. And squeeze. And put it in a bowl of place where you are. And whatever else you want to pass along. And maybe. Maybe 70 people got restaurants and gas stations. They'd like to pass along too. Since it's one thing to get out of the newspaper. It's nothing to find out from like living and breathing. My way home would be really nice. Yeah, gas station. I thought you had that one and Remember the handle gas. It was a psych really. They were already out of gas. Yeah, are we out of gas? Like steely Dan right? I'll be there any calls coming or not. No, no, no, no, no, no, there's one. Oh, grab it. Talk to you Q. I am hello Hello, hello Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good everything's fine here in plantation Asserves like you here a gas station. That's open. That's where I need to go. Okay, okay, buddy When you say everything's everything's fine. I have a lot of trees all over the place You can do it or I'm fine my house is fine the trees. You know that's their problem. Oh We're fine. Oh my tree is exactly as long as they don't hurt us So it's wrong with you here a gas station open call me at my house and let me know first no problem. They're not going to do her Good luck. Good luck amigo. Okay. There you go. There's a guy who you own plantation. We got a more if you want to take more go and listen Very lucy goosey a day very informal just when a doctor's with it out. I mean information. Oh Yeah, oh, you want to talk to somebody? No, you mean we got some more calls. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, but we got to do the break first This is Neo Rogers I E We'll look to your back to teach you under the truth. We accept your futures, but they're nothing. We call the phone, we call the night, we pass it in the oven through the night. It's over soon to Sharon Dussoho. In the time in Seattle, Bazaaroo. That's not so confusing, although it's news. We call the phone, we call the night, we pass it in the oven through the oven through the oven. We call the phone, we call the night, we pass it in the oven through the oven through the oven through the oven. We call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the hard, we call the night, we call the night, you call the day, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, we call the night, I'm less than like I said if you got food refrigerator eat it now as long as it isn't like a rain and got stuff growing on it yet. Yeah, even if it is. And even if it's just a little bit green and just got a little tiny stuff growing on it, that might be good bacteria, a little bit of real healthy and resistant to all kinds of nasty stuff, maybe even a bird flu or might be stuff that'll kill you either way. Monday's term caused billions of damage, kill at least seven and most are as many close because of widespread power. And it is that if six million people would have electricity today, creating long lines that those places that were open, such as the 500 people away from outside of Broward County Super Wal-Mart, which was letting it out 20 people at a time, isn't that where you go? No, car that. And of course Wal-Mart now has food. No, car that. And drugs. Yeah. And all of these are things. Joyce Carr. I wonder if he's can enjoy Carr. Dining and dancing. Remember, Joey Carr? I do. And his brother Steve Cohen. Oh, there's a real bozo on my TV. The bus driver's order that she give up for she. Yeah. And he probably agreed. Joyce Carr, the first person in line at the cross-prane store of awaiting several hours and hopes to find a generator only learned the store was out, but she still wanted to buy a grill charcoal and water. But what's he going to be grilling on it? Oh, you know, shrimp? I mean, I'm sorry. I beg you for what he said. He said, Josh. See, we've heard different reports that the power will be out for some time. We're so worried about supplies and our family, Carson. Ellen Siegel. Oh, 56 have naples said that neighborhood near downtown Fort Largherdale where she was staying at its power restored today. Oh, good. I said on a bench reading The York Times magazine, a mid-Charles of broken glass and pieces of foam insulation as people brought carts for the water and milk in a drugstore. Don't be loaning now, like I said before, because if you loot, there's one of your oldest information. There's plenty of places you can get food and water and stuff and ice. So I'll be making excuses now. This isn't all the beans. We don't want to be like emberst and you really like in Cancun. I haven't seen anybody that's in bad humor at all, Siegel says, see, that's it. That's because they're listening to show. Ellen, we're putting little chuckle on their face. That's right. Stegging all the press and morbid. Oh, gee, what are we going to do? We'll do it with the best we can. It's all I'm doing pretty good. Yeah. Anyway, Ellen says, especially after what happened to Katrina, I think people are just thankful that they're safe. I mean, how can anybody complain about this? Whatever that man or what that means? In other words, not like Norleyens, where the whole damn town is flattened. And like we didn't tell people to go to a PP park and hang out there and do all kinds of stuff in the water. Yeah. There are a few floaters working in their workplace, I'll guarantee you. The storm's flying across the state in about seven. And by the way, I forgot to mention that the Humper didn't tell you that anybody who would have not the dolphins could be Kansas City, I'm probably not had to be dreaming. If you're dreaming, I'm screaming. How do you like that? Well, we don't get screaming. Right, Josh? Not even close. No contest. And I'll tell you that. Let me, maybe you can answer this for me. The attendance said 68,000 to 50, which of course is a joke. That's a ticket sold. I'm sure. Not even close to that. The comma was in the wrong place. Maybe 6,285 because they actually showed that game on the NFL Package yesterday. They showed the tape of the game. And you saw this nobody there, right? Yeah, there was nobody there. I mean, nobody, even a concessions people bailed out. There was a smattering here and there. I don't know. I don't really want to guess a number. And I was Friday night. Now, there was nothing big going on Friday night, right? No. Maybe they just knew. They knew that they were going to lose. Pretty much. Maybe all the chiefs fans are the only people in the stadium. Yeah, they might have been a few chiefs fans because they like Trent Green. He looks pretty good. But it was bad. It was really wicked now they're 10, 4. And what can I say? The strong sign to cross the state in about seven hours yesterday. The 21st name, Sturm in the Worst Atlantic Hurricane, season on record was blamed for at least six, possibly as many as eight deaths statewide. More blood on somebody's hand. Art grateful. Yeah. Officials in the state's three most popular say, you know, 10 people ought to be grateful to the opponent, man. He, this is, especially, we're getting right on the edge of 2000 dead Americans in a rank by the way, right on the edge of it. The three most popular series day, I'm, I will, you can take this to the bank other than saying it right now to make my point. I'll never say Miami, David. You can, you can, you can, you can, you can put 15 different words in the county. Right. It's just a bunch of crap. But they also have an excuse to put an odd or stationary. That's two of us. You know, all those state county are always, will be, they've county. Miami, they, my ass. So, they'd rather than Palm Beach counties were prepping the distribute ice water other items to Sturm, struck residents today. Why do you tell me, restoration efforts could stretch into weeks more than 80, 200 people were in shelters across the state earlier today, and FBN also is up to four weeks till everybody gets their power. It'll be days or weeks before back to normal, they'd may or Carlos Alvariz said, Will the head hard to two of Florida's largest citrus girl in counties too in southern Florida? Henry, that's still hungry. Are you sure and codger? Growers in these areas have seen their grows, their barns are equivalent to home severely impacted by the Sturm said, Andy Levine. And he scores it like Avril Levine, L.I.V.I.G. and E.L.Frog spell. Executive Vice President of Florida's citrus mutual lease states larger citrus or organization. Henry and codger have about 138% of the fruit crops in bloom off freezing some trees are leaning over, operated due to severe winds, precise damage estimates not available yet. Florida's citrus growers are also concerned that we'll look at it increase the speed of citrus canker, George. A bacterial disease that is moved by wind driven rain from more information check, Florida's citrus mutual.com. Well, no, I didn't. FL citrus mutual.com. To late for us anyway. President of Boyd Promise, where are we now care what he said? President and said we have fruit position food medicine communications equipment urban search and rescue teams. She has made a clear choice. Yeah. He'll work closely with local and state authorities who we spotted the hurricaney said. The hurricane arrived as a cat tree and littered the landscape with damaged signs on expenses billboards, roof tiles, pool screen, streetlights, electrical lines, all of these. All of these things. FL trees and blown roofs dotted expressways. All three of South Florida's major international reports. By before, Lodded Island Palm Beach were closed all year travel. My name is Amade your port point and this is Amade your disruption said John Houtard. Spokesman from our headlines which had some major hub in Miami. I mean, for air force try to open, let's see, this is it. They don't know. Try to open later today. Spokesman Mark Henderson said, but it may not happen to Llamobico's damage to fences in one way lighting and problems meaning security requirements say he couldn't discuss. I have a feeling that before Lodded Island will open later in the day. It doesn't seem like that here. That's just my own opinion. Don't let me if they don't. But I just, I have that feeling. Can you feel it? Yeah. Then you're good? No. Come on, like in my attempt. I said, five months got to think about the word was it's way off. It's way off in the Atlantic. That jet stream really blew that thing away out there. You see how fast it went out in the Atlantic? Yes, I did. Which is about the only little piece of good news for the Northeast Coast there for the coastline because they were really getting a double whammy on their frequency whammy. Because they were getting the northeast. They were also getting the ass-in to vote. What was left to Will and Alpha and Beta and Karateen. Well, I'd say I would look at him. That are evil. Yeah, now. Oh, nice going down here. I look at him and I know that evil alerts everywhere. This is evil right there. Oh, I do a spot on this. This is five, sixteen, two, three, four. So I'll play this. Yeah, do that. How big are you, Pern? I'm going to do it. I start caught a right in mid-speed there. I got thrown off my feet when I saw this former radicalism exploits his lawn. See, when I saw that. Hey, speaking of a loser here and I'll tell you if my hair was not ready shaved short, I'd probably would all fall out looking at him. Set him and go down. Oh, right in on this man and turn that man down. Oh, my face is losing time to rip my head off. Oh, my bang bang, bang, you're the practice room. Oh, bang bang, bang, bang, the torture factor. Oh, he can make two tough and fun to me. Well, I've been humbled by a dark matter of degrees. See, a point is huge. Oh, hey, you know, yeah, you just go back to the show. And start the wheelie, never win. Break and blow, blow. He's a smile, a wrist and a ball, a picture ball, a pillow and a tie. Oh, he's a smile, a wrist and a ball, a wrist and a ball. We're being prepared to make sure he's dry. Wow. We're seeing the loser five, sixty, WC, I'm going to hope you're all okay. Okay. Okay. As then the same as what you say. Okay. This company's must be really quick and in their boots, you know what? Oh, imagine. For a George saying he's going to put in claims for about $100,000. Never did get to the days pool. It's almost noon already, but it's kind of a mood point. I'm not going to send you too many stories for tomorrow, Josh. I know you'll be disappointed. I'll don't worry. They won't be done till I get here in the morning. Oh, I'm going to start a holiday. Yeah. No, no, seriously, I'm not going to send you whole bunch because what's the point? I'm so like a little overkill. We do have on our website for those six people out there that have power. In fact, let's see how many people are 20 food water. I said they were going to surprise the 20 people are read that one already. It's not even noon yet. I'm not exciting. That's the lead now. Are we so something? They might be so alert because I mean, obviously, the people all of the state aren't going to be reading those. I've discovered a very interesting thing today. See, there's always leave it to me to find a little tiny silver last, especially not being there. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, Robin Hood. But a little silver lining and even the darkest cloud in that is this. Yeah. I discovered today that, you know, these people who listen to the show online, remember I was talking last week, we ought to be five times as mad as Duffins and Clarets that we were last week. Remember the whole deal when they were like, I put in a stupid as Joe Girardy press conference on there on our the audio on our website. Give me that very important ground breaking press conference. Yeah, that's the one. And everybody already knew who was going to be the manager. Just a piece of crap. Well, come to find out and looking at the stats that the, I was just about half of the people listening online are local. Okay, ready for that? Ha, yeah. I thought so because we got such a horrible signal on a, my name is, you know, yes. I know. Yeah, we're right now. I would say we got, well, maybe 60% of what we ordinarily would have at this time. Maybe less, because a lot of people listen local and of course they have no power so they can't listen online because they got no computer, no internet. So that's kind of an interesting thing. Now, I mean, not all that fascinating and most people out there, but very fascinating to us is that there are a lot of people in Dave Browden, Palm Beach and maybe even a Monroe County, maybe even in like Henry County, who knows where maybe in Yenemsville, who do listen online. So I'd like that Clarence and W. idiots you, you, you, friend with it, quit messing with our audio there soon after the wins died on you want to put a car or two on I mean, whatever, you know, you feel like, yeah, well, just shout it out. Why is there somebody on there? Yeah, we got a couple of people. Two A M. Hello. Oh, try to. New Q. A M. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got two things about the holiday. I don't know what it's like. Look at this, but it's chimney, that's a red. I'm always<|en|>, it's a good story. Oh, it's a how store. I want to my favorites. Oh, yeah, it was sick of it. It's a few on kipper. It's sick of it. I don't know that picture of Tom Delay's, my one for his mug shot. Yeah. Well, in Saturdays, sunset, no, the 22nd on 3 a. They got a picture of him, Doug Deslorer, it looks like the, yeah. Kind of, perhaps, rat. It's a great picture. I'll be damned. I don't know if you could get that on the internet or what. Sure. Some three A. Three A on 20th. Okay, and in plus. So where are you now? I'm in Florida, by the sea. And in the dark, but, uh, great to hear you. But you're everything, you're building's okay? Yeah, I'm fine. The building's fine. I'm fine. But I'm not in town, trees and stuff. No power here. I'm fine. So be sure to help out the trees. We can always find another tree where shall I. I'm sure I'm at, uh, what's your name? Uh, Lady Bird Johnson B. Proud. Hang in there, pal. Okay. Thanks. So there we go. We got three. Three. We got three colors so far. They're all still alive. Now, so maybe I might say, well, it's a big deal with that. Well, believe me, if you heard similar calls in the show over the years. Well, I was personally in South Florida. I had another one. Okay. Well, that's enough for co-op for right now. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't need to have to do this like phone off a log. I learned that from Denise Poppett. Poppett like that. Just rambling on. Saying nothing but rambling on. Actually I say something. He says nothing. Hey Dennis you're an idiot. God. I just remember what was right about him. Okay. So anyway the poll. Who are what do you fear most? Now we do we periodically we do the same question. But with a hurricane upon us. I figured it was good timing and I was right. Sure. Who are what do you fear most? And of course the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. And the only votes on the poll. But he did that. To remind myself that I'm here and I'm safe. At least, save it in your hand. I'm not going to go to the court. Boy, boy. There's a rumor going around that the 2008 presidential election might be called off after all. Post-phone because of bad weather. Somewhere. Yeah. Carlines, Irkweigs, floods, avion, and all of these things. Well, he's scary. Really, scary guy. But it's that target's worshipers leaving a mosque. Yeah. That's the man in the mosque for Shrpersh. The mosque of what was it was? That movie, the casco of the mosque of what was that? That around the head of the iron. That's the man in the iron mask. Who knows? That was here. 11. 50. I want to say it again. Number one. There's something that'll take your mind off the hurricane and the trees and the damage and the opinion, the antifist is again. And the best part of it is look how nice your weather is right now. It's a Mahay. Beautiful. Nice. Cool. It's nice and cool. It's 73. I don't know what it is here, boy. It's the last day was bitter and nasty. Not that I'm complaining you understand. And it looks to me like it might be a little low that the cow like the antifist and drip. You know, like there's somebody up there with the faucet. Look at that. A higher 46 today. What's not to like right now. It's 40 year or three. And the sun comes out tomorrow. Eight. That's 46. 48 and sunny on Friday. What's not to like. No hurricane. No. No earthquake. No George voice. This is real Roger O.S. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q 8. The federal government just learned about those people today. By your who doing fish is a proposed party. Brown offered no authority. And most of the way. I'm looking for the Republicans. It caused hundreds of dollars. My brown. There's no one left to blame. I said brownie. You're the government. She might say brownie. The short corers up in flames. There's no one. I know who's or blame your fish. We'd better make them shut up before pieces. If we're too who messed up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many. Take that. He should do time. I would just fire the spot. Please wait to dumb the run. The F.E. and the F.E. Some people died when he ran half. He had time. He's a good man. Now that everyone knows that your leadership flows. You can go back to your power shows. Today, those Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the wife. And of course you remember that Brownie was the president of the International Arabian horse ass association. Remember that? Yeah, I do. Arabians. See how all the Arabs are able to bush plan together. All these ragheads for a sanctuary of our regime. Yeah, that's it. That's what he's given. Anyway, we got over 300 votes on a poll. I'm not going to read the poll results again in the end of the show because, well, did I ever read it all? I did. That's enough. Because these people can vote on it. They're left out. That's probably the only reason they want their power back on. They don't care about having food and a refrigerator in their washer and stuff like that. And their TV. So anyway, right? Right. I got the hourlys. We just can't back them to you. Well, how about can you read them? I can read them. Maybe they can read them to you. Maybe they can read them to you. I can read them to you. Sometimes you ask, so it helps us like a child. Right. I'm just mentioning. I got to read it. Let's get it. Let's hear it. 5am to 6am. This is of course WQAM 2554. There we also are going to get the vaccine numbers. So we can embarrass him. Humiliate them because we do anything to hear them. Oh, hey, tough. The vaccine numbers too. Yeah, because they all begin with it. Oh, come on. Don't get with it. You got nothing else to do in there. I'm going to look at high tech and recommend you to just know he's good. Anyway, 5 to 6am 39 6 to 7am. Well, these are men 2554. Men 2555. You've got a stress effect because I was just creating the audience on an arbitrary stuff. I just said that 2-4 from 6 to 7am. That's week 7 to 8-4-2. 2 to 4. That's the big. Oh, he's not so rock solid at all. How about it? 7-4-2. Oh, no way. Maybe before you go on, I was, when these numbers came on, I was rave it with a hump or about OG. Well, basketball's over in August of September. We didn't have that the windbag, our windman. And they're never gone on me. The NBA started that again already. I'm to visit my hockey stuff. How about those leaves last night over time? That's going Eric. But anyway, so you got 7 to 7 to 8. What's going on with shoot out? What does it now listen to me? You hear what I just said? Shoot out. So I need to find out. Yeah, I don't think I'm out. Shoot. If that's crap is on again on a hump or show. Because if it is, he's doomed. I'll find out for you. Please. If they wouldn't listen to me and bring that hour, we'll windbag back for an hour, every morning, all. Or sometimes twice a week. Anyway, go ahead. 7-8 is solid. Good. 4-2. 8-9 also. 4-2. How about that? See? There you go. And that's mostly without Iris. Oh, sand's Ira. 9-10. 4-0. So that's last three hours there. That's the hump or show. But moving on up to the right side, we'll take it. And that's because there's no that crap in there. All the Thibrod Ira back. I'm going to be wild. Go ahead. 10-2-0. 6-9. 6-9. That's us. 11-0. 7-5. 7-5. Holy moly, rat man. New d'Warnes. 7-1. I'm too bad, especially against Rush. The pill pop and right-way heavigrid. That's still kicked his ass. I'm sure. 1-2. 6.7. Okay. All right. Now 2-0-0-0. 4-0. 4-0. Okay. 5-0. 3-0. 3-0. 3-0. It's going to be a good number for Mal, that's a good number. 3-0. 3-0. 3-0. 4-0. 4-0. 4-0. 6-0. 2. And that's because there's not much mal-0 in there. Because in the 6-3-0-7-5, we had that Marlins pregame and all kinds of other crap. Shall I go on? No. Okay. I'll get it right now. What? All right. Go ahead. Do the average while I get the vaccine numbers together here. Which have you got them? Yeah. Oh, Joel. I hope you're not listening. Man, it'll be so embarrassing. People will be laughing at you. They just see you. And they'll be like, ah, ha ha ha ha. That's so fine. We're from a waxing. That's that. Any idea to fix these. Got a number. Let's see. Now, this can't be right. Nine four. Oh, no. I'm not. Let's see. Seven point. Yeah. You're right. About a 7.1. We'll take it. Is what I get. I mean, it could be. That's because of the police. The seven, huh? Right. It's at least the seven. I haven't. Oh, nice going. Our George and Neil. You. And Josh. And then Brian. That's us. No. Now, what? So what do we got for waxing? All right. From now on. My last year we got to get on the edge of your seat. You need a good laugh. Okay. Everybody's depressed. You just went through a whole day of hell. And you're still going through hell. Trying to put the piece of your life back together in. Here are seven ninety the ticket numbers there from the summer rating book. Okay. And then 25 to 54 that desirous targeted the demo. Okay. Five to six. Zero point two. Now away. It's a point two. Sorry. Six. Seven. A one. Oh. No. Wait. One. A one. Point three. Oh. Don't be hasty. Seven to eight. One point four. Okay. Let's take a look at it. You can grab over. Is that a four two? They got a one four. That's the triple. They had the little dogs number in there. It's exactly three times. One four times three is a four two. I'm going. Huffer. That's enough. Go ahead. Eight to nine or one five. So it's one. I won five. Four two. One five. He just spanked a man. He spanked. At nine o'clock. That's a clock one four. One four. Right. So Joe Rose breaks a one. And out of ten o'clock, when he got that juice and on the toast and over night mark, a mania, whatever his name is. Hit the button. Oh. Point six. Oh no. A zero point six is ten o'clock. We got a six nine. And they got a point six. Joel, fine. Because five we got a crawl under the table right now. Do your desk. And I would just not come out again. I love it. A clock. Oh. Point nine. No. Yes. A zero point nine for. Oh, j a Mcduffy. Well, that's what he owes for. And toast and juice and oh, OK, noon noon. Oh, point eight. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. There's something that he said for consistency in my wildest dreams. I told you, you're going to see a lot of in those numbers. Baby. All right. Now give it a rest for one o'clock and honor of one o'clock. They have a one. One o. One point four point four. Point four. That's the booster. Right. And we're clocked to a clock. Oh, point six. No. Point six. Yes. 0.6. Oh, point six. No. Oh, no. All right. I'll call him down for the next three because they got to run here. OK. So you're playing with family best students. Do that. Right. One point. Yeah. One. One. No. Most banks in big time. Four. Two. And three. Two. One. Oh, see that damn most catching on. I totally agree. I think it's nice going. And it's the haircut. It's that new. The new. The new. Now, they got something going on from four to seven because they got a handle of bastion. I see because they got a two on it four clock. Oh, eight. Five. Two. A bastion two on. It's because he's so much younger and hip or been on. It's. I see it. They have a two point. Oh, got that five. Six. A two two. Two. Yeah. So what six is three two to a two two and that's because mad dogs almost never and he's only on six thirty most of Eastern baseball season. So that that dispels the myth of how to Marlon's really. Oh, it marlon's really. We're stranging on something. Screw that crap. Okay. These people are just to understand first of all virtually every game is on television. Secondly, any sports fan would much rather hear the mad dog than hear a bunch of pre a foreplay. Okay. Baseball foreplay. So that really hurts him badly. I still say well, yeah, mode done good. Yes, you did. Nice going. Moe and hopper. We all done good. Except for that six to seven hour and that's an abortion because of that. And now, of course, that's gone. We got no more baseball. Although that panther and the panther pre be on stretch of life for seven. Although, like tomorrow or Thursday. See, it's a six thirty to seven. That's that that's six thirty to seven thing kills us. That's just absolutely kills us. Couldn't we dispense with that stuff? No. Now, see they got a cellar getting its spot in there. So they make their money back for the rights of the rights fees that they pay for all of this swills force that they put on here. We love that panther. There is a tight first place with lightning last time I checked the division. Nice going at the leaf, varsity game last night. What number game? See the new rules now. Wider open and wild and woolly and just psychotic stuff going on. And then the shootout, which I can't stand, but Eric Lindrose comes through. First, I go on big Eric. He's kicking ass. Let's get hockey intense. What are you saying? Oh, sorry. You know, the weird thing about being in the studios. You can see everybody walking by. And you know, the other interesting thing is why did the panthers in Ottawa? Why did they like a post-Bone that came to the simmer ceremony? There was nothing wrong, sir. And that Chris, there would be about 10 people there. Based off of the dolphins had a Friday. Seriously, can you explain to me what was happening Friday? There was nothing going on. It wasn't even raining. Maybe people thought it was coming earlier. Yeah, get out of here. Get out of town. You phony is you whimped. You phony, but loony. Gers is sure the tremendous enthusiasm they have for their team. And you know, something? There's certainly so. It's obvious that Joel is going to real good goose from the dolphin games being on that station. Not. They're going to be something they're chest-nister eagle there. Lobastro. He had the biggest numbers on the station. And I'm a big star. You couldn't like mad dogs, but okay. Not even the same category of human species. I used the word human loosely, but you Lobastro. You quizzed him. You silly. Yeah. So even the books you had in 0.6 and the two to three are. That is the graceful. They got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 hours out of these 13 hours that begin with a 0. 0. A direction. That was going to happen. The average of the day parts for us over here as compared to Waxi. Who did? And what we got. Well, in the morning from 5 to 70, I'm 28 to 110. Us on top. 5 to 70. No. 2, 8 for us. And I've got news for that 2, 8's a little bit. It's really not what I'd call rock saw. I'm in the stretch of imagination. We got to get somebody on it that speaks English. Haken. The humpers 7 to 10 am, yes. 4, 1, 2, 1, 4. Kind of. Oh, chopsticks to pose there. 3 times the Joe Rosalty is on there. As much as we like Joe, a ghost injury when you're on a losing when you're on a sinking ship, you go down with them. OK, Joe. I hate to break the news to you. The day. Because you guys are getting wild through the infecting. We're going to tell you right now, Joe. He's also wild for you guys. Ask over there. That's right. The new mo. I mean, we tend to do a 2, 7.7 point. Oh, to a 0.9. Oh, 7.0, 7 sure to weigh 0.9. Joe, I'm going to tell you, you are right on our ass. OK, you're just, OK, one else we got 2 to 4, 2 to 4. Oh, 3.9 to a nice going mo to a 0.8. Ah, woo! Point eight, what's the point? And 4 to 7, 4.4 to a 2.1. 4 for more than double. Yeah. So we got in some, I mean, we got like 80,000 times with a guy. You're sure. Take a look at that. That is just, Joe, the five of you, I just, I just disappear. I just take a long walk. I go to the nearest window on an upper floor and just open it up. Maybe you don't have to open it up. That's good news after yesterday. Maybe you didn't have to open it when you were. I was right. And then we're broken to one of the windows up here. How it would be very, very, very hot. When we really got broken windows? No, I wish I might throw a chair through one of these just to get some air in here. Oh, that was something that I put his fist through the wall. This is a miracle, Roger. Yeah. Oh, man, Peter's great. I'm a thousand feet. Will not you and your life. But don't be close to the horizon. He's by our side. The reconjoined joy that he'll see. There's a meagot, rather, for him to do. And all by all see. Oh, God, there is a prayer. Glory and praise, O Canada, praise, that God's Lord. Oh, God, there is a praise, that God's Lord. To me. Who are lumbar and ill-high would international air for disopen up one runway for a private plane. But remains close for commercial flights. Close to the got it. We still don't have complete power to the terminal or the airfield to Jim Jargello or Fort D'Rector. We have water restored, but we don't have pressure. Both of those, we don't respect to commercial operations today. The airport will slide later tonight with a commercial flight schedule for tomorrow morning. We'll be canceled. How do you like that? So this could be a prolonged of the thing going on. Really bugged about this school being out for the rest of the week. Yeah, I'm sure that. Soon have to get up at four in the morning, whatever it is. Well, that's what we got painted against kids home all day. When driving, the sun sent me'll say, watch out for puddles. Okay. There's nice and very important advice. I still can't get over all those numbers with a, oh, whatever it is, seven 90. Okay. And it's been a four and a half million year for a horse ball team that's two and four. And going to be like maybe a three and thirteen. That's bad. Is what that is, Joel. Okay. So we're impressed. You've got a lot of money. Who you could not. Maybe if you went out there and handed out a hundred dollar bills on street quarters, you could buy the audience. I doubt it. They'd have to lie for you. I'd listen for that. Yeah. For at least you'd pretend you listen. That's right. After the storm of Lord driving through puddles of rain water, it says here, and here's why. While engine takes his to water in the intake system, ultimately gets to the pistons, which are an assignment of compressed air. And that is that the four way in piston summers are the Detroit pistons. But water doesn't compress an amazement pressure inside the engine can bend piston rods or crack the engine block. Either either essentially ruins the engine. The transmission. Water makes the gears slip. If the rotors are very hot, it's fortunate water can warp them. And there's nothing worse than a warp rotor. The result is you curl fiber when you try to break, especially if the higher speeds. In this water begin the break lines and cause break figure immediately or later when you least expect it. You hit the break in nothing. Right? Right? Isn't that what man for man said something about warp rotors? Something like that. Yeah. I still don't know the lyrics to that song. Why did I lie? Soon after the wind is died down, people looking to turn a profit on the hurricane will show up. Maybe on the lookout for profitiers and price dodgers. And like I said with new Florida law, that when it will affect October 1, they try to rip you off. Shut up thing. And I'm sure the governor will personally come and give you like a gold medal and pack you on the back. And the people from the NRA will too. They'll send everybody down. If you need some. Are you, why do you keep cracking your knuckles all the time? Or are you going to do that? You have a studio. Are you going to do a lot of stress in there, is that it? I always crack my knuckles. But I was not going to eat. Not so loud. I only need to do it one way. Mucklehead. So how's the food coming from? We can't get there. Go ahead. Don't boys, if you listen, we can't get through to the money on a phone, mobile or otherwise. Why not? All circuser busy. We don't like your kind up here, you name it. Huh. Where are they again? For a lot of deal right on the causeway. Well, we're not going to bring you pizza. Are you crazy? Why the hell not? They're not going to come from for a lot of deal all the way down there to the date Broward. There's one on Pines Boulevard also. Well, that's also far. That's what they're going to do. That's like I said not so far. It's close in for a lot of deal. Maybe. But we can't get through anyway, so. Yeah. We're we're we're. Well, they must be listening right now to a boys. Where do we get that from? Well, now that's right. We don't say anything to them. Well, they called us. They did. Yeah, they called me. They said they said to tell everybody about their one open on Pines, not just in Florida. Right. So call back sir. We'd like to. These guys are starving over there. And like to at least five pies and pie's a piece to take home. One on the way home like that. Rich would do. What? Nothing. What is he saying? He's going to have a. Remember that. Oh, that cheesecake. Remember that. Somebody brought in those humongous real heavy cheesecake. She's 12 out of 75 pounds. And he ate one from the driving from the station. Doubt was house in Kittle at the time in the car on the way home. Probably with his hands probably. He. Just like just like in fact, so remember when she went up and she started digging. That's a great cake. And then. Do you want to eat? Yeah. Why he'd already eaten half of it anyway. Soon after the wins died down, people looked to turn a profit of the price Gouders have eaten something first asker, friend or relative who lives outside the emergency area to deliver a ship into you. For how long? Eight. Now, this is especially helpful for great ticket items delivery. They'll make take days, especially the way no mail delivery right now. Everything's a mess. You can try to bargain with Gouders, but it won't be easy. People that look trucks with goods and grab the emergency zeroes do it to make a quick buck. Make money fast to exploit your desperation and your misery. Don't hire our licensed roophors or contractors or fly by night tree timers. If you know that Gouders are currently reporting for the state attorney general's orifice in San Florida call 1-86-96-76-76-76-722-6. Media reports include the names of people or ministers accused of Gouders. You can not help prevent the spread of profit tearing. There you go. So if somebody tries to goud you, call the attorney general's office and bitch them out. When it doubted customer, 1-86-96-722-26, we could post all this stuff on our website, but you know what's the point. Nobody can see it anyway. Nobody's got no power. Six million people in Florida would know power. But have no fear because there are two things they ought to be very confident in number one is FEMA. And number two is FB&L. The most two things going for you by the year 25-25, like should be back to abnormal. It'd be great. Here's the poll so far. Not too many votes because nobody's got no power. She had to inform you that's kind of great considering. We are goal is 350. 350. What votes? Oh. We got 320. Who are what you fear most? George W. Bush 96. Religious nuts are right on his answer with 76. It's in two words race. Laws are freedom is 28 and you can thank the above two for that. Old age 20. South Florida driver 17. Dick Cheney 17. Terrorist 16. Black folks 15. Job lost 10. Hurricane is only 10. Solument they deus. Ver. Ver. Six. The. World War 4. Turnado 3. S.T.E. 3. Cops 2. Gaze 2. Flying 2. Criminal's won and Joe Fiber. Oh. Oh. If we could just put you up at 5 to 7 in the morning, we'd be for Rock Solid. What's somebody on the year? Somebody to run a year. Like, I don't know. How about Mohit? Mohit back in there. I'll learn how to find his position there 2 to 4. If that was Eddie Caze in for him, by the way. I beg your pardon. Eddie Caze is telling him for Mohit because he's coming back from the football game that he called, I guess. Yeah. How's he coming back? He can't get back. I guess he's walking. He did money and football last night. I don't know who they would be. Who did play last night? What wasn't it Atlanta in New York and Atlanta won? Yeah. On the point of the day. What was it the job of the Jets? Yeah. They kicked the Jets and started like that. Oh, J.E.T.S. The S.T.S. Maybe that's why he's now working. Oh, that's right. He was probably the Jets and I'm sure and I can even know the network didn't think so, but jury was. So no mode today. That's bad because we wanted to personally pan among his bolts, but in congratulations. They didn't throw those two good solar hours in there between two and four. Rock solar. The new mode. But no mode today. The new mode. You have to wait till not tomorrow either. Because for some reason, we got guilty in Philadelphia on the schedule tomorrow two to four. We're sure against that. Has to do with tomorrow's Panther game, or through days. But what's that all about? I'll tell you. There's some strange, but don't ask any questions. Just go with the flow. You know, go with the flow and the hell with them. No mode today. We got to who do you say Curtis? Any K. Any K. Like I thought you said. And then we got mad dog at four and then the panther stuff. Panthers at the Penguins tonight. Things are pretty. So who's going to do any K show tonight? Don't tell me he's doing a double header. Who knows? I haven't heard it. A little difficult for the for the odds. What are the odds on that? It's twice as past noon if you wait for. Mr. Reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 30 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day. And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world. Next Tuesday at 4 30 p.m. Market down. The local local local authority. The local authority. The local authority. The local authority. The local authority. The local authority. And over with that view, we said that he said a lot of noise. He said a lot of noise. He said a lot of noise. He said a lot of noise. And I don't give a bad point. That very message is saying. If he was supposed to think, say, guys, that lot of people do do do do do do. I know how you know. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at Nettando I say he elevated down. And not my way to care, but I'm booming desk now. I can't handle it. Everybody careful left. The noise was maxin cow. The one that's back has magic. A lot of noise didn't me. The noise was maxin cow. The car was stretched with the drag. The car was stretched with the drag, but some could be on the 동 list. Some could be on the bridge. No one could touch with women, other could score ways. I said the song is a package called why you love and I got a whole new spoiled old fool. I know everything is going on in that loose. Why I even know all of the new Marjard rules. I'm into the giant daddy old. So bad there's no one talking about. It's a bad issue when I take this race. I know I ain't no way of playing me. But when they drop, I boys will change. It's a little smoothy. I'm a little slow. I'm a little slow. I'm a little slow. I'm a slow slow slow. I'm a slow slow slow slow. I'm a slow slow slow slow slow. I'm a slow slow slow slow slow slow. Okay, 20 to one. No mode today. We got MK-ADK today instead of the mobile mic. So they knew it improved. Anyway, we got some bad news from Iraq. No. Death count. Okay. I guess 2000. You got it. Really? The war in Iraq is our two milestones today. They've reflected countries' pan to democracy. Oh boy, who wrote this? And as human told us, the official said the referendum on a draft constitution passed. And a lot of people are passing gas because the US military debt told reach 2000. 2000 dead people based on a war built on lies. And of course nobody is saying, in peace of mind, right now go straight to jail. Do not pass code and not collect it, said I'm in so on. And I'm saying that. And you know what? What's the point? I haven't get upset. Okay, I'm not going to go through all these. So what do we find out? We don't have any food coming in. Is that the only alternative? What about Chuck? I'm sure he's not open over there across the street, right? I don't know. It's a disaster area down here out of city. I'm interested in it. I can't imagine anybody would be open around here. What about a place where they don't need electricity? It's like what? Where they serve rotten food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. The best food. There ain't no more studies. Marking. What's he for a sunny no more? That's to bad. He was going to be a short time. Not a long time. Civil rights icon. Can I get into my rest of my town here? We could put on a couple of these silly ass calls. We don't have a lot of money. There were good. We took three good calls. That was fine. And we'll probably pop another one or two in there too. I'll talk about these casualty numbers. They themselves, it's unit, lost 14 troops in the span of just about 45 days in June and July of this summer. When I eat these, we're exploding on this area. This is thought to be according to the military. Where the insurgents are staging their operations in the capital. This is where they're assembling their weapons. This is where they're amassing forces. And so this is where US troops are still very much in battle. And when we were out there, I asked them about the casualty. They say, of course, that those that they knew, those that were killed are constantly in the back of their mind. And back to their mind, that's good. Speaking of dead people, Rosa Parks died. Everybody knows Rosa 92. You see that the Lord Blessed Rosa, because she had the big pair. She had a big, big pair of Cohones. And she went on a bus and you get out my way. Now what you said? So like that. Honky. Rosa Parks, who's active, civil disobedience in 1955 inspired the modern civil rights movement died. He tried yesterday. She was 92. Believe me. That's old enough. Parks, moment in history began in December 55. When she refused to give her first seat on a bus to a white man in Montgomery, Alabama, with a ban to underneath. For a rest of her 281 day boy, counted the bus system by blacks that was organized by 26 year old Baptist ministers of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. The boy, kindly, did the court rolling, the civil-editing public transportation in Montgomery. But it wasn't until the 64 civil rights act that all public combinations nationwide were set in the early 64, until the 41 years ago. Are we making some serious progress? No. Or what? No. And then he had black senator, by the way. Barack Obama. Oh, Senator. Yeah. That's him. He's senator. Oh, I thought he was house. Never mind. There you go. You better get with it. Hey, you know. Hey, my senator. Name me another one. I'm done. And so what was the senator from Massachusetts, the black senator, that was, you had that big scandal. I don't know long time ago. Republican. I'm not saying regular threats in having lost your department's storage job because of our activism, Parks move from Alabama to Detroit in 57. She later joined the staff and we asked representative John Coniors and Michigan then cried in a great American. We like John Coniors a lot. There's a guy with a big pair of balls. Remember what he said to Michael Moore? Yes. Senator News for you. Sit down, son. We don't read this crap. And he showed him the 85,000 pages of the bill. Remember that? He said, do. He said sit down, son. Have a couple of sandwiches. Coniors who first met parks during the early days of the civil rights struggle we call to public football. Yes, that's the plan. We are going to try to get a look. They number one day that she worked on his original congressional staff and he first elected the house in 64. I think that she is the mother of the new civil rights movement is the impact not just on the nation, but on the world he told CNN, she was a real apostle of non violence movement. He remembered her as somebody who never raised your voice and eloquent voice of the civil rights movement. He treated her with death frames because she was so quiet. the attorneys' name was, who said that the parf die between 7-8th of natural causes on Monday, called a related rate courage. His name is Gregory Reed. Huh. I like that. Oh my God. If I was him, I would change my name. Parf School, Fondity, Rosa and Raymond Parsons, too, for self-development, now beyond people pursue educational opportunities, get them registered to vote and work to a racial peace. As long as there's unemployment work crime and things that go to the inflicted demands in humanity to man be garblessed, there is so much to be done, and people need to work together, she said, can we all get long? So Rosa Parsons did, that's bad. By the way, those Senator groups from the VA in Iraq what? Thank you, Senator Brooks. Who you were talking about before? Anyone Brooks? Republican? Was that his name? Yes. Black Republican guy, he got an involvement in some big scandal, some whatever was. And he's dead, I think. Was it Brooks or Brooks? Brooks? Like I said. So anyways, a few years ago, he's dead. Not only one black senator, that's Barack Obama, no more blacks in the Senate than I can think of. Come a long way, not racist, but your honky's man, but your right wing Bible thumped bigus is what's right in the American now. And like I said, all these trees that got up, rooted Lady Bird Johnson would be so proud of you if you planted a tree, a shrub or a bush. Oops. Moving along, very rapidly. Jim Lowe writes for the Interfress Service, who is Jim Lowe? He's got it right. First rated Skowcroft is sales neocons in Cheney. Oh, this is good. This is Joe's of Wilson. Big report was highly doubtful. As it turned out, Wilson's assessment did not put the yellow cake issue to rest. It came up again 10 months later. And of course, all those four documents, too. We had that story on the website. If anybody gets their power back. I could go for some yellow cake right now. Yeah, that's how about some of that tomato soup cake from Grace and passion that we've been written off the show to make a soup cake. One week after a top eight, the former Secretary of State Cool and Paula should a blister in attack on foreign policy making in the Bush administration, Brent Skowcroft is served as National Security Advisor under Bush 1, Papa Bush, a CEO of Kons of persuaded the President to go to war in Iraq. And anybody with the New Yorker and New Yorker magazine, Skowcroft is relations with the Bush administration, who had badly strained since he publicly warned against invading Iraq. Seven months before US troops crossed over from Kuwait argued that the invasion was counterproductive. This was said to be part of the war on terror, but Iraq feeds terrorism, Skowcroft full of magazine. And in that the war was moving public opinion against any new foreign policy commitments for some time, this is the Vietnam war during late 70s and 80s. Vietnam was visceral in the American mines since Skowcroft also served as National Security Advisor in the mid 70s under Gerald Ford. This was a really bitter period to turn this against foreign policy adventures deeply. This is not that deep, but we're moving in that direction. Skowcroft marks come at a critical moment according to recent opinion polls. The government's performance in the wake of Katrina Bush's choice of his personal attorney to serve on the Supreme Court and the lack of progress achieved in Iraq and the commander for the presence of program ratings had below 40 percent, even Joel can't believe how low those numbers are. Moreover, there's a growing likelihood that a federal special prosecutor will end up having administration officials. They are thought to apply to key role in trying to spread it and punish whistleblower at Joseph Wilson who had publicly questioned its rationale for going to war in Iraq. The provis case, they dark cloud over the White House at a moment when it could at least afford it. The administration was also unfusely surprised by the cascading media coverage given to a talk at New American Foundation last week by retired general Lawrence Wilkerson, Paul's Top A for 16 years in which he accused Cheney and Pentagon Chief Doug Ronald Rumsfield of leaving a cabal that circumvented the formal policy making and intelligence processes in order to take the company to war in Iraq. There's no question about it. Two thousand Americans are dead because they're much allies because the neocons cooked it up ahead of time and everybody says, well, what are we going to do about the hurricane? Where are we going to get some lunch? And by the way, where does that lunch? Well, I'm going to call you guys. Now they must be swamped. You imagine? We appreciate their, you know, they lied to us. I mean, it was down the track and a sin for free plug. Right. I don't mind giving them plug. Maybe they'll bring food tomorrow. Maybe. When they get their act together a little bit because I would imagine once we put on your about doughboys. Right. I mean, what wouldn't be nice if they'd open up the door and have somebody bringing about six boxes, a hot potile high. Oh, yeah. With patty rooney and sausage and onions. He did. Really heavy duty mozzarella. Oh, yeah. We're going to take a look at the real thing. Or maybe we can some citiniano. Sands the cheese. Sands queso. I like the cheese. I didn't team the one at QM. We got any K for the Mollmized to retook because Mow is he's in Limbo somewhere. Russia wants a spring wagon dad. Who is hardy to impress? Oh. Mow.ientôt- sieht up television for the feathers. ... 그거Mama, though. She's almost a genius in a sense. Man, if I'm the shock you look like one of the kids, but that's thin and it's not worth my fair. All of the kids, people, the kids, the people, the kids, the people that are in this mother. But the good thing is friends is to wipe their waver of pain. The people that are in this mother, and the parents, they, she wear. I almost let all that to do with them. But if I'm the kid, he's fair. All of this time he's fair, willing. And when I should have, who's fair? She may the will be up to the man. He and I suck at trusting she thinks, they're on their path. She's a cheap battle with that type, and they say, he will all be the kid. He, for what's fair? The reason for all the women is mother. But calling to his friends is the wife they wear the fence. The reason for all the women is mother. Call 467, who and when a red man gives a crap about them, nobody in their right mind. That's the operative part under the age of over the age of six. Okay, now I want you to, let's, let's recap the gas stations. And the restaurants and home depots, President Men, and when you're done doing that, I got a blockbuster, a slackbuster of a story from the New York Times, Cheney told A to see a officer lawyer's report. Your vice president is in deep crap, man. I'm going to tell you that he do do do. Even if people in New Orleans never saw do do like this, he was the one who disclosed to a scuder liby about Valerie Plain. How do you like that? Uh huh. As opposed to what, and of course, now comes the purge report, because already scuder liby testified that, oh well, he learned about it from journalist. Yeah, journalists, my ass, I like that scuder. Good on your segue in school right out of town, because they're going to nail your ass. Okay, anyway, what do we got? We got these places. Sit-go, 72nd Street, 87th Avenue. Presumably, that's Miami, of course. 72nd Street and 62nd Avenue. 56th Street and 67th Avenue. These are all sit-go gas stations that are supposedly open with gas. Publics on 112th and 132nd Avenue, the publics in date land are both open. The South Miami Hospital cafeteria is open with yellow and sandwiches. Uh, good fellows restaurant, 196th and 104th Avenue in Cutler Ridge is open as is jumboes at 751 northwest 7th Avenue. There is gas at 90 second in bird, whatever that is. It must be a genericest maximum of gas station. Doesn't have a name. They moomer at coral springs as a warm mart, sample road and turtle creek. Publics info has a number here. This is just on scattered sheets of paper. 800-242-1227 for publics info. I guess call them and find out if there's a publics near you or something like that. Windixie is open on 183rd Street and 57th Avenue in Miami. The publics on 186th and 67th Avenue is open. Nothing, nothing. CSS is selling generators. 9-5-4-1-0-0-0-9-9-5-4-10-0-8-0-9. Mobile gas on US-1 and 57th Avenue is open. Uh, doughboys is open but you can't call them. Uh, 829-17th Street, causeway in Fort Loderdale. And 172 in Pines in Pembroke Pines. The Latin Caveteria on 12th Avenue and west 29th Street in High Alia is open and the home depot. What about the cafeteria? I'm sure that's closed with all those pets. Home depot, Okotaza is open. Publics on 184th and Miramar Parkway in Pembroke Pines is open and the publics on sample and 441 in Margate is open. There's a SITCO on 441 in Helen Del Beach Boulevard which has supposedly is open. Whether about they have gas I hope because I'm going to drive by there. And there's a Walgreens on Bird and Red which is open and Bird and East Flagler Walgreens is also open. Excellent. Now what about the Walgreens by you there on a corner? I don't know. Oh, the one over here? I don't know. What about the BP on a corner? No, nothing was- Oh, the BP was trashed when I drove by this morning. Really? Really? Signed down and the yellow tape knocked me out. Completely trashed. Man, bad news. Yeah. Although one good piece of news. We're number one. Dammit. And we don't have number on. Joel is number. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's better than one, isn't it? Wow. Talk about doing a number. Man, oh man. He's probably right now doing a one or two and a three. Uno goes trace. What's got he Mack? Cheney told eight of CIA officer lawyers report from days New York Times by David Johnston, Richard W. Stevenson and Douglas Jell. I'm Louis Lebe Jr. Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff. First learned about the CIA officer at the heart of the league investigation. In a conversation with Mr. Cheney weeks before I'd have arrived, then they became public in 2003. Lawyers involved in the case said yesterday. Notes of the previously under-slogs conversation between Mr. Libby and Mr. Cheney on June 12, 2003 appeared in differ for Mr. Libby's testimony to a federal grand jury that he initially learned about the CIA officer Valerie Wilson from journalist lawyer said. The notes taken by Mr. Libby during the conversation for the first time placed Mr. Cheney in the middle of an effort by the White House to learn about Mrs. Wilson's husband, Joe Wilson, who was questioning the administrators have a given tells us about a racks new for the program just to by the work who was questioning the pointy on the fact that they lie like hell. He said the yellow cake my ass and they tried to do with the Statula. Lawyers involved in the case who described the notes to New York Times. I'm getting choked up about this because it's so exciting. Said they showed that Mr. Cheney knew that Mrs. Wilson worked with the CIA more than a month before identity was made public and her undercover status was disclosed and syndicated column by fascist Robert D. Novak on July 14, 2003 who belongs by the way on death row, Bob Novak. I'm so glad to see that he has to walk with a cane and a hobba's along with his undetscore. Oh, how old are you? There must be a God. There's only God. Mr. Libby's notes indicate that Mr. Cheney and found his information about Mrs. Wilson from George J. Tenon, the director of the CIA, and response to questions from the vice president about Mr. Wilson. But they can day no suggestion that Mr. Cheney or Mr. Libby knew if a time of Mrs. Wilson's undercover status or that her identity was classified. The scowsing a co-operate agents identity can be a crime. But only if the person of this closely knows the agents under cover status. It would not be illegal for the Mr. Cheney or Mr. Libby. Both of whom are presumably cleared to know the government's deepest secrets. To discuss the CIA officer or her link to the critic of the administration. But any effort by Mr. Libby to steer investigators away from his conversational Mr. Cheney could be considered by the special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald to be an illegal effort to impede the inquiry. How about purgery sounds good to me? Okay. Why House officials didn't respond to request for comment? And Mr. Libby's lawyer Joseph Tate wouldn't come at a Mr. Libby's legal status. Randall Sandborns, folks been from Mr. Fitzgerald to come to comment on the case. Any day now, any minute now. It's going to be coming right across to the wires right on my TV here. Finds for a best way, Cotted with Chip. I didn't like that. Any minute. And the fact you got power there. Now how is it? We got generator powers in it. That's what we have here. Just this corner of the building. Like the way the studios are. And what about Kentucky Friday? Is that still standing like Elton John? Well, it's still upright although their sign is in our parking lot. No. Yes. What you better hang on with the kernel would be proud. That's good idea, blackmail. Look at the wall. We don't mind the sign being the air. But we should go on them and then chickens getting blown in there. What's going on with that Asian fluna. Hell, he'd anything at this point. Yeah. There you go. Anybody's got even some birds and some forestry and a few of them. Yeah. We're going to spot them. He's guys waiting. So very seriously. What are people going to be doing about food? But you had some publics there that were open and we see her too. Well, we're stocked up. I mean, and you got that the hospital cafeteria. Ooh, man. I'd rather fast. I'd rather pretend it was young keeper for about a week than go eat that. So what if they have the green chillin? Man reads naked above Niagara Falls Rapids. I love this story. This is Niagara Falls, New York by the way. Case to hopper wants to go up there. A Chinese performance artist, the Puritan City Court Niagara Falls, New York yesterday for waiting naked into the rapids of Niagara Falls is part of a stunt that went wrong. He, on Chang, 38 of Beijing, which charged with the certainly conduct and exposing himself in public vote violations after being arrested by Niagara Park police Saturday afternoon. He was ordered to return to court November 4th. Police said the man stripped off his clothes and waited to win 40 to 50 yards at the brink of the falls. He tried anchoring himself with a rope to let unknown object and tended to stay in the water for 24 hours, but that I came loose and so I began making his way back to shore. Naked. A tourist concert of the man was attempting suicide called Park Police to come out of the water. Two university of Buffalo students were filming the stunt were also charged with the certainly conduct. Chang, one Friday sat naked in a plastic glass box full of white concrete in front of a Buffalo Arc Gallery as part of another stunt. He's in the US for University at Buffalo called The Wall, reshaping contemporary Chinese art. He's a Chinese people. I would mind seeing naked, but he won't have a mom sure. Trust me. Hundred votes for George Bush on the poll today. Water, who do you fear most? Now they will fear you, George. 83 for religious notes. 255. I told her goal was to finish. We made it already. Let's really set a high water mark so to speak. That's bad. That's a bad term to be used these days. Let's set a high goal. Let's go for three seventy five. What do you say? We can do it. We can do it. We can do it, Joel. Okay. The big numbers we got them and you don't. You guys suck. You're an embarrassment to this industry. Okay. Not even a part of the industry. Stu got my ass. What a joke. What does it got to it? What a joke. Put a bunch of children on over there trying to play radio and they're going to not work. And that's what I'm going to do. But this keep in mind. This is with all the tremendous publicity help from their buddy Barry Jackass, who's say, you know, got that in sister's relationship with the Harold and seven ninety. And Jim Sarny, who can't write enough about them all. He's too busy writing about seven, six. So you know what that means. And what we need to know is what that is. Boy, how do we do it? How do we do it? You know, how do we do it? We sure don't feel that would help with the media. And of course, the little Tom Jika who lost his radio in the flood, I guess. It or flood in his pants and lost his radio down in there. Something. He wouldn't know a radio, somebody jam fifteen and muck his rectum. But we still do it in spite of that. How do you like that? Twenty five, sixty, sixty, seventy. Come and capplen for the moments. For the new one approval, my red duds. Pretty nice numbers, they're in the summertime. Nice going. Oh, you go, Mo. See we're saying nice things about them. And conveniently he's not there. Damn it. And then in Marwick, I gully and Philly, I fell in for my, I just, and then Curtis on Thursday It says here just dawn on me. We'll have to wait till Friday to a confabiliating congratulate. Based on my extrapolations. So this is on. This is not a tomb. It's the one, the two, I'll. Tired of the same old restaurants. Try the cafeteria, centaria of higher wea. How much is that door be on the menu? The one with the barbeque tail? How much is that door be on the menu? I'm sure that the chefs out of jail. That's right. No matter what the weather's like outside. We're going to be training cats and dogs at the cafeteria, centaria of my area. We'll be through stomach stuff, growling and make your neighbors pit bulls stop doing the same thing. Talk about delicious. Mmm, mmm, your meal is always fresh. We kill it right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, centaria. Try it once. You'll eat their religiously. How much is that door be on the menu? The one that is fried in deep fat? Please bring me that door be on the menu. And bring a side order of cats. Walk, run, or catch a great hound for the cafeteria, centaria of higher lia. Where we give new meaning to the word, that food. 102560WQAM. Pretty interesting. 38 people have read that the story online, I should be in fact the top two reads so far. That one about the ice and water and food and all of these things. Any other one about power can be out for four weeks. Well, I see the out of state people are interested. Not. Well, in fact, they're not even in the other room. Maybe there are no out of state people. Maybe this is a myth. Maybe it's something I've created in my own mind. Maybe. I'm serious. Anyway, you know, something when the bottom line comes who cares? Because out of state people look into arbitron diaries. Anyway, that's what we're like kicking ass into arbitron. Unlike Joel, who's kicking his own ass. Hey, Joel, don't start throwing a furniture around. We've got enough damage already probably from this damn storm from Wilma. Don't be thrown crap around. 40 because that'll be the after wind at the rain. But it's also very cold. No, Easter. Oh, they got that in the reason. That's Chad and Massachusetts where this guy is, which we can now see is face. I don't know. Put the pull of it back over to again. Paul majority will reject evolution. This is scary. This is Zyna America, baby. It's no hope. No hope. Most Americans do not accept the theory of evolution. Instead, 51% of Americans say, God created humans in their prison form. And other three in 10, 30%. How many? Say that while humans evolve, God kind of the process. Just 15% say humans evolved and that God was not involved. Oh, I'm sitting here trying to do a radio show. Forget about it. These views are similar to what they were in November 2004. Shortly after the presidential election. Is that incredible or what? Pretty incredible. The question on the origin of human beings has both this month and in November 2004. Offer the public three alternatives. Human beings evolved from less advanced forms of life over millions of years. But God got the process or God created human beings in their prison form. How about a fourth choice? There is no God. It's a bunch of fairy tales. You idiot two quizlings. Yeah. Be ass artists. Oh God, did it the Lord? Oh, there's Jackie Jers. No, it's not. It's the northeast right now. It's 53 miles per hour. See, it's in the zoom and way out. It's a kind of a category with maximum wind. It's 105 miles per hour. And as it comes over the water, these cooler waters. We're likely to see it become extra tropical, very thick. It continues to push up in this direction. Now, I mentioned that it is influencing the Norwegian system. What would I write in this? I'm from out there. I'm from out there. Remember that tropical depression? Some of that is an area of low pressure that is causing new ingress. Just a sound of the water. Just a sound of the water. You see it? That's how a Norwegian system is. That's how a Norwegian system is. In the group. There's a lot of elevation. We've only got little children. No. But for all the non-profitable. You can't see the ice. Temperatures will drop in all the ocean. The water is in the water. The water is in the water. The water is in the water. You can't see the ice. Temperatures will dip below freezing in this region. And the rain didn't use to be quite heavy. The wind has been persistently strong, especially across Boston. 44 miles per hour. 44 MPH. I don't like that. When they hear 29 MPH, good data stay inside needs of the region. So, in the first place. Anyway, the results were not much different between the answers to the question. That was a good one. A specific time line was included in the final alternative. God created human beings in their present form within the last 10,000 years. Oh, my head is scrubbing. America's most likely to believe in only evolution. Our liberals, 36%, those who rarely were never 10 religious services, 25%. And those who they college degree are higher, 24%. In other words, smart people don't buy the bubble micees. The masses, the asses out there, the flat earth crowd. That's the crowd. You got to be really scared. Look at it, pulled it. Religious nuts. Crazy people. Well, you know, white evangelical 77%, we've literally church Core 74% and a conservative 54% are more likely to say, God created humans in their present form. In other words, morons. People, other than a box of rocks, other than sawdust. Demor than cockroaches. Demor than chinchulas. Demor than chia pets. Demor than manny bell. Well, she was stopping and we got a little carried away. Yeah, come down. So what I was not, I noticed you haven't flipped on channel 6 or 7 or 4 or 10 or 10 or I have those others. We have 10, 4 and 7. But if they got anything that we ought to be knowing about and passed along to the public. Because, you know, we're doing a hell of a service. A lot of people are just sitting in their cars. School of people have to resist your steps around. One of those, they're showing wreckage in on the crawl. They had everything that's closed, which is everything. Yeah. How's that? Everything like that. I'm going to let you know those events that are scheduled like the fingernail painting contest and some of the service. But I don't. You asked if it might point to Neil. Let's take one call now. We got any calls slash that board or not. Yes, we do. Okay. Let's punch one up. WDQA and hello. Hey, I'm coming. Yes, sir. When you get this all blows over, you got a week of shows on Jimmy Seth a low play by play Friday night. Really? It sounded like a baseball game. It was so funny. It was half of the red. It's magical. If you could just grab up the table any of the first or second quarter, you know, his play by playing. We loved Joe. I know, but he's no Jim Man to cheetah. And if not, we would be hysterical. How bad they are. Well, thanks for the good news. That the pleases me even more and pisses you off even more. Have a great day, pal. Are you okay? Everything I like by you? Yeah, I'm tree phone. My house, but I'm fine. You're a beer. Go around. Should be our biggest party. Have a great day, pal. Let's see if people are all upset about trees. I mean, we like trees. You know, they provide some shade and, you know, the squirrels and rats come up of them and other than that. And the birds and the birds of course have got that heavy on food occurring around. So shoot them. I have some news here. Oh, now the way he said that. I don't. The way he said that. I don't know. You know, just what I'm getting called in with there's a national tool supply on 57 25 West, condo Beach Boulevard. They have generators. Number there is 954 954 3 722. Say it again. Is I stepping in 954 963 7227222, which you'll only wish is he had a 22. Well, what are those hours? So there you go. So if you need a generator that are soon and later, there's a place right there in Hell and Dale Beach Boulevard 954 963 7222. Easy to remember. Right. Go buy one for Georgia one for John. Oh, no, I got a generator. I just need to get it for it. Yeah. Oh, you got to go get the answer for it. That's sick. Yeah, the one that doesn't have any guests. Well, go ahead of the shell over by where you live. Right there by where we used to work. Okay. That's what I'm doing street. Well, that's what I'm doing. All afternoon is just driving around and so live. Easy. I'm running out of gas. Looking for gas station. Not a good idea. Although I got that four wheel drive. Because I think I'll probably have to take several days off and out of the hurricane. Because the way Josh called me. Hey, Josh, that was, you know, any time you do calls for a strange. I think what it was a check testing was, if I was going to hang up on it. It was going to be threatened not to. Yeah, when I already said the, I'm Friday that we are mended our ways of women to our friends. Whenever they're all one. Not really, but I don't mind hearing from Duff. But clearance, he always sounds like suicidal. Of course, if you were him. U.S. Civilian points to Neocon ideology beyond actions and Iraq. This is from agents, France, press. Okay. I wonder if that's kind of bill press or press your pants. A federal and U.S. civil matter of service, the government advised during Iraq's U.S. Policy in the country at the initial stage of the occupation was driven by Neoconservant ideology rather than careful preparation and clear understanding of issues. Ambassador Robin Raffell, who has been nothing that's not Raphael. It's Raphael, who has been with the Foreign Service since 1977. And once served as assistant secretary of state, delivered or unusually candid remarks on age like 2000 interview for a relatively obscure history program at the U.S. Institute of Peace. And who does like a good piece every now and then? Right. And so, made on notice until now, I'll increase the numbers of Americans begin to question the Bush Administration's involvement in Iraq. Two thousand dead American soldiers as of right now, human sacrifice by this bunch of great robbing lunatics, Raphael was served as state advisory to the Iraqi government for maple to August of 2003. Took particular issue with decisions by the Administrator Paul Bremer to launch the Bathification of the country in the span of who's saying is military. And I've smelled some of the people live in that part of the world. They need me. They need Bathification, not the Bathification. They need a bad fast. But one needs to understand is that these decisions were illogically basic. They're not based on analytical and historical understanding. They're based on ideology. You don't counter ideology with logical experience or analysis very effectively. She said political pressure on professional foreign service officers was huge and pervasive. The ideology was, what was has come to be called neo-conservatism and a whole belief that this would be an easy war that would be welcomed with open arms. Remember the flowers in candy? Oh yeah. That's true. That pizza from doughboys, the Pillsbury doughboy. He insisted this view was cultivated by expatriate Iraqis, so they're on agenda, which they tried to impose on US officials. She said it became quickly obvious to her that the US could not run a country that Americans didn't understand. We were a bunch of amateur soldiers, they've set for the engineers. And even they didn't have a professional means to interface with the Iraqi. So they were missing. She said there was very much the sense that we were getting in way over our heads within weeks, way over our heads, drowning in a seave incompetence in death and bloodshed in the chaos. The US diplomat said you believe the administration of Bush went into Iraq too soon. It should have waited until the US was able to have been in international coalition. But there were two pressures he insisted. One was the clear political pressure, election driven and counter driven. Another one was the troops to report forward for Afghanistan and let that kind of fall back and then recognize it re-energized everybody's very difficult. But according to her, it was difficult for a professional diplomat to express their views. Because of the administration's ideological enforcers present in the country. All yes, there were political people around in about you. We called one head to be careful. Because of somebody who wanted to stay alive. You just keep the reaction. That's the way it works. When you got a country run by a bunch of Nazis, a bunch of fascist lunatics, a bunch of Bible-something crazy people who say choose life into the sacrifice thousands of people. And my grandmother knew what. No, that sounds great. Now let me go and read all those things about the toenail painting context. I forgot that one. Yes. Can't miss that. Oh, there's so many important things going on for it. And if we knew that Hanson was coming to town, my god, we knew like post-go and everything. Ooh, like the hurricane would have been good. We did post-go and that panther game in Pittsburgh. And by the way, the panther probably two of us have won a game here. Don't forget panther, three of us with seven. The panther is kicked the four-pengals ass seven thirty tonight. It was Gildings. I mean, he was a roger. It's thirty a day, plus gas. Well, I ran in Lincoln. Gas or credit, I drove up in the hill. You want me to rest? And recall how if half of him well it's not long. It still gives me chance in what a we're on. Followed my map of Star House and shine. And one shot to see me. Sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jordan. Yeah, the law, the law, the law, the law, the law. Well, I was the flag of New Hurray. Can you see me? When I saw her hesitate, she ate. But the clothes from Star would work in the forehand. And it was too late for her in my car and... Rolled the windows down. Now she was my queen and... Who threw my baby crown? This is your regrettable. And I've got Angelina Jordan. In my basement. I've been to sleep. And I think I'll keep her there with me. Hello. And charge her red hair. I can't rip off what you don't mind. I hope that she'll find that she likes the Superman. And it's a pain for her. How long the floor life is with Angelina Jordan. My baby. I'm thinking how to get her. Watch against the fridd. Follow her manning. But I bet you give your last sin. Help me. I'll have Angelina Jordan. Let me lock down in your basement. I'm gonna press all her my dog. I'll go and press it. Don't hurt her pressure. I'll hurt your dog. It's back. It punched the dog in the basket. It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah, we get it. One 18. I got some good news. My man or natural is open. Really? I can get the hell out of here. Here I am. Sitting way to hell up here in the Inmsville. Thank God. I'm on a cosarathy internet. See, I got my power. And I got window. And I got all these things. Window to the world. The money in our natural air, Porteminal building is open. But the purchase in arrivals will not begin until 5pm. Well, that's only like less than 4 hours from now. I have a feeling something may have an in 4-loaded L2. But I haven't done that enough on that yet. Never say never. They always say, oh, well, we're going to be closed. The rest of day for sure for a ride. Commercial and cargo passengers should check with airlines to see if their flights are still on. Because it will be a limited schedule. So, the officers and the passengers will send to NaFlood and I. A spokeswoman is your reporter. Regular ticket counters at the airport you said. So I called the airline. I'd find out which was not a nice. My international open. The purchase in arrivals begin at 5. And the PM tonight got it. Got it. And I got it. I got to say this. The Harold website is doing a good job. Better than the Sunson. This is very unusual. Because usually the Harold website. Just like their newspapers sucks. It blows like they're working. Thomas School will be canceled. At least two day of this week in Daedmd. And he's there's your bad news. George, pain in the ass. Kids are going to be home all the time. Terrizing you and driving you crazy. Daddy, daddy, there's no food in the house. Daddy, what are we going to do? Daddy, let's go to the ice cream. Are the good news is. Anybody out there that had ice cream in the freezer? Yeah. Now you're not going to have to pop it in the microwave. Which you couldn't anyway. Because you don't have no powers. That's right. The good news is it will temper to that nice consistency that we all know and love. Like, noosh. Hmm. There's nothing like ice cream, moosh. The other school will be canceled at least through the end of this week in Daedmd. Broward County's raising issues about the length of the school year and the schedule of Florida's Highstakes standardized test those tests. Oh my God. Principles were still engaging hurricane damage to school buildings but massive power out of just and difficult road conditions convinced both the streets of the square of the entire week. They're scrapping it. Got it? Got it. They had an end-brower. Nearly every school is while a power said Joseph Garcia spokesman for a Daedmd. Superintendent Rudy Crew. Initial damage reports were surprisingly light for a region that sustained massive travel to homes and businesses. Well, maybe God left the schools alone. They pursued us working mysterious ways. Indeed, I walk a life to Henry H. Fire at Middle School in Hailea, maintenance of his north-aid and coral reef sustained serious wind and water damage which will slow repairs elsewhere. In Broward, Blanch, Blanch, Ely High School and Pomp and Re-Slausive to the Museum, Roof, Cyprus Bay High and Western sustained major roof damage and eight new portables across the early damage in Pember Pines. I wonder about the port of Pines around this construction sites? I could use one of those. Man, we should all want them streets looking like New Orleans with all of them things floating around. Your friend asked Governor, said he wanted districts to try to juggle teacher work days in Hailea, vacation to meet the 180 day school requirement. The worst hit counties in last year was hurricane quartet. We're allowed to dip a low that mark. But Bush said he wondered what would have been repeat. They definitely had a experience dealing with that last year. He said, it's the last option, frankly. Speaking, it was unclear what the Bush were considering letting badly damaged district delay. The huge, the important Florida comprehensive assessment test, the F-CAT, which is scheduled to begin February 27. That test, well we know what it does. After last year, storm 12, Florida 67 counties took the test a week late and a lot more took it two weeks late. Those districts ultimately scored better than the state average because they probably found out from the other kids what the questions were. That always helps. Just write it on right the answers on your sleeve. That's all right, work for me. And just tell me, you just saw the movie Momento and you just tried to emulate the goofball. What's his name? I don't know his name in the movie. The act. Oh, David. Right. Guy Pierce, Guy. Right. What a guy. Man, I'm telling you, my memory is a sharp, even because then he had to go through the trauma of that herd. Maybe yesterday, that could be it. I just went to the bathroom with a flashlight. Did you really? Did you find it? I did. And the flashlight. I do that every day. List of when Dixie published in Home Depot that are open. Here you're going. I don't know. You read them at all. We'll compare. Someone Dixie Public and Home Depot stores are open. Public's most public stores were open by the Sporning and Location South of Vokad to Pembroke finds with some exceptions. They covered each folks woman said information about stores south of Pembroke finds to the keys was still being gathered. Customers may see shortages or that's a good one. Maintest urges. A personal goods were affected by the power loss. And what about bomber water? This might be my research to that. For information about open stored here from an e-call 1-800-242-1227. I think you give that number out. 1-800-242-1227. When Dixie the father and win Dixie stores are open. I'm going to bite my tongue just like you were in other place. 60 power loss, 4th Avenue and Highly a 6500 west 4th in Highly a. 5850 northwest 180 turret in Miami. 39 80 west 18th Avenue. Probably one is 10th Avenue and Highly a. 98 southwest 67th Avenue. 146 55 southwest 143 Miami. West 48 3 and 60th Avenue. Home Depot. Most Home Depot is open powered by generators folks. Thank God for that. Thank God for them. So get your generator. Get a bunch of batteries. Get your battery offered radio. If you're listening to somebody else's radio right now in the car. Who knows? Got only knows for Christ's sake. If the Niles really got to come through the next four weeks and get your power turn back. If set to course, naries where other people live. Always a good idea to make sure that somebody who neighborhood is a big shot of nip. And all in boy that power comes back like just like that. Like a bingo. Damn a big shot. Yeah. Not our goal was 375 on the pool today and we got 3. Oh, 375. I just looked at it. Holy moly right man. Man. Talk about having your thumb right on it. So Miami International is open starting at five this afternoon. Check with your airline, yaddi, adi and a perfect and a pair of trees. Now I also have. Oh yeah, I listen to this before I do that. Okay. Because I want to get in some meaty stuff because these people would out the TV. They don't know what's going on in a world. And then I find no newspapers because we're going to go and buy newspaper right? Right. Unless maybe the old vending box or maybe you're not probably not. I was going to say maybe your gas station quick mart or whatever they usually have. I don't think they're going to have meat. In fact, most of those places won't have power. They won't be open either either. Senate majority leader Bill Frist was given considerable information about his stake in his family's hospital company. According to records that are at odds with his past statements lies that is they didn't know what it was in his stock holdings. That is so unbelievable. Managers of the trust that Frist was described as totally blind regularly informed him when they had a new shares of HCA in. And for other assets to a soldies according to these documents. In other words, it's in black and white. It's on paper. Lire, liar, your frist is on fire. Since 2001, the trustees have written to the to a frist in a set of 15 times detailing the sale of assets from the contribution of asset to trust and frist in his family. The letters included notice of the addition of HCA shares worth a half a million million dollars in 2001. HCA stock worth 750 grand to a half million to half in 2002. The trust agreements require the trustees to inform Frist and the Senate whenever assets are added or sold. Kenneth Clark, a law professor of Washington University in St. Louis since he was surprised. Kathleen, I'm sorry. She was surprised at Frist and ever claimed before the summer's liquidation that he might have owned no HCA stock. Did he say that? What was he thinking of? How do you know to sell the trust? Tell the trustee to sell the HCA stock to be the no hand in the first place. There's a profound question for you. I don't know if I'm going to start in like general motors, but hey, if you're saw my GM stock. Boy, I'm to what did I tell you about that deck of cards and you were a little reluctant there because you had been led down the garden. So many times this is it man, the cards are falling. It's like those dominoes, a domino park. They're just plinking down. And it's like plink along prices right. They're tinkling and plinking down without a flashlight. 300 and 80 votes on a poll. It's pretty impressive when you say I would. Nobody knows stories. And I'm learning a lot today about where our audiences. I mean, we do have these. They bits that we get from around the world, which but they're not written about our own stories. They're probably living places where they have like real newspapers. 40 42 people food water ice, another who hurricanes supplies have read that already. Now what does that tell you? I mean, that there's 42 people listening to show who are in town with power. Well, where? If you have power, call up the station and everybody from the station will come over and eat your food and just like a man and do a number in your house. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Six. Girls! Girls! I'm going to do it. Welcome to the 566 WQM 80K for the Maltmizer for the new and improved Mowad 2. And we have Meddog at 4. And then Panthers stuff. Panthers and Penguins. My main international, again, is open at 5 a.m. And then, Coggaire Online, Call the Airport, Call for Philip Morris, Call your mother. For a lot of day, I'll close it in all day. They got issues. Now, I got it for Brower. I wish I had this for days. Like I said, the Sun Sentinel is doing a much better job than they were. Well, they're both doing their best. So, can they be very difficult condition when you say that's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. Tom, but this is City By City Damand reports from Brower. Got it? Tom, but it'll be heavy flooding in the Southwest section. Extensive damage to iron rises on the beach about a dozen cars overturned. Please block the roadway. Charter fishing fleet in the Hillsborough in the West Destroyed. Tom, but it'll air park and heavy damage to hangers about 20 planes flipped over. City Hawk Coastal for the notice. The brief recap expected to start today. You'll tell these widespread power outages. Tom, but at least under a boiled water notice. When in that boiled without Hollywood, flooding minimal. Do you have any flooding? No, not really. Damage, numerous trees, power lines, and traffic signals were down in Georgia's house as a mess. Yeah. City Hall, a firefighter was hurt when a fire truck had downed power line on Harrison Street and a 1A about 2PM. The 54-year-old firefighter taken in Memorial Hospital with a fractured pelvis and other injuries that he backed into the fire truck. He asked him to be a little bit of a surprise. Residents could pick up ice and water at Oakwood Plaza. David Vusty's parking lot between Sterling and Sheridan Street east of I-95. All nonessential government services, but until further notice. A volunteer telephone for Katrina victims on Thursday may be cancelled. Ah, yeah. Let's have a telephone for survivors of Wilma. Sounds good. Hollywood tourism seven-on Wednesday may also be cancelled. Ah, the city Hollywood's other boiled water noticed trash pick up resumes Thursday. Miramar, no flooding. A man was transported to the hospital after roof collapsed on a merley Monday. The late-shore park tennis complex engulfed by fallen trees Monday. City Hall and Parks and Rec Services will be closed at it today in Miramar. Garbage pick up resumes today, a special pick up for Sterlingity. They've restarted the member three. Community Bus Service will operate on schedule 738 and the 6th of DPM. Curf you enforce from 7PM to 7AM until further notice in Miramar. Water and sewer systems are working. Call Springs. Minor flooding. Substantial damage to roofs caused by trees and wind. They'd breathe until they pulls block intersections in roadways. Down power lines and dangling over the roadway in intersection. City manager Michael Levinson. City Hall closed today, expected to be open tomorrow in Call Springs. Why spread power outages? Traffic signals and major intersections have blown down. For a lot of deal. No flooding. Wind has been broken and built east route to city especially in downtown. City Hall closed for the notice. Power outages is almost 100% city water on Monday said Mayor Jim Novel. He's a crazy person. We haven't found anybody with electricity. He said water mains have broken to boil water water is in effect. Water. Water. Order. Well, I have an update that South Beach power has been restored. South of 50th Street. Oh my god. Hallelujah. Past it. Or you're just following good craft in Anderson. By the way, I'm getting a ton of calls. Can we say the gas stations again? We will momentarily. Hold your water. But we sure order. Well, no, that's more important. I'll just make a here before Helen Dale Beach because I mean nobody in Helen Dale is under the age of 100 anyways. So what are they worrying about? Okay, go ahead. What do we got? The gas stations. Sit goes at 70 second street. 87th Avenue. I presume these are dead County. Okay. What do you mean you're getting a ton of calls? You're answering the phones? Yeah. Okay. Now, not for me. It's hot. I'm sweating and I'm answering the phone and I'm hungry. Yeah. We're hungry. Too late for us though. I have to grab something on the way home. Like maybe a twin. I could go into kitchen right now. I'm getting some instead. You just to make sure you more aggravated. I could get some broads on force. Okay. I get some broads on my flavor wave. Okay. I'm going to have to start a delicious. Gas stations. This is important stuff we're planning around. That's why. All we have so far. 70 second and 87th Avenue. 70 second street and 60 second Avenue. 56th street and 67th Avenue. Those are all sit-goes. What else? Gas, gas. And look through here for gas. Mobile gas station. US-157th Avenue. And that's it. I have one. I have the dolphin gas on the southwest corner of the overpass on 441 and 95. I guarantee a lot of people have to speak of dolphins. God gassed it that game. Now, let's see. They do have a listing. I'm putting this out on the Sunset. You think they heard us got listing for gas? Because it sounds like they're too much like ass. And they might get upset. They're very good at the two shoes over there. Let's see if they got listing for gas. Well, I'm going to please. I play some filler music, but you know. I'll play some filler music, okay. All right. Don't see it. So like I said, the Sunset will shoot on a stellar job. A software has got plenty of gas, but no electricity for pumping it says here. Motorists looking to fill up their tanks face to tough challenges this morning in the track out of area. Though at least one Chevron station on Okatubi Boulevard West Palm Beach was up and running. See, there's a Sunset on again, pan-ringed upon Beach County. Nearly all gas stations contacted by phone high-y. We couldn't get their gas pump from storage without electricity for FBNL. Florida Power and Lute. We have plenty of gas but no power so that Moaham and Hadri runs a mobile station and 1,000 month after we're highway in Boca and a common refrain of gas stations. That's the big damage, no lights, so we have no gas to pump, no computer. Still, he said he was selling snacks, cigarettes, and other goods from his mobile station convenience to eat without electricity. Can you please call me back. He said we have a big lot of customers and they all want parliament lights. FBNL was continuing to restore power this morning while I'm up a beat, but I'm a woman. I've got to do with gas. South Florida had plenty of gas at the Thompson Storage Terminal's Monday, but pumping it was often impossible because of power outages. No electricity, no gasoline, say Jim Smith, President of the Tallahassee Base Florida, Petroleum, Marketers and Convenience Tour Association, which includes gas stations. There are some locations with generators to pump gas, but for most of our members, that's a huge investment. Still, gas station managers like Osmond Chaudery, who runs a Texas Association at 1600 East Open Park, Florida, Ranchas, Valin, and get their local vacancy. I probably shouldn't even read these because that's not a place that's got it. He says, if I don't get powered by tomorrow, I can't even come to the store because everyone haven't forgotten my car. He says he lives in Coconut Creek. And of course, I had about to lose money like crazy. I'm almost thinking, maybe in the circle somewhere, and had some, but didn't. Don't. And won't. How do you like that? So the prices down, it's a real bargain and they got plenty. But you just can't buy it. They can't pump it. And well, I tell you one thing. It's a sad day when you can't pump it. No, no. I also have a first gas station I've heard in Broward. This one's in Pompino. It's a Marathon gas station on South East Fifth Court and Cyprus Road. I think I just call them said they're doing container only. Like they'll pump it in your container or your computer container. You'll pump it and then they'll let us go into your container. And by the way, I know it's Marathon and it's somebody's other offerings. I don't want to mention Cyprus. You know, this is not the day to be picky about what brand again. You're going to put your car in. You know what? I just mentioned that because no, I know that there are some people that are very, very picky about stuff like that. For example, I wouldn't put them in them off-brands in my Corvettes, but then again, I'm out there. And I'm worried about filling up my tanks and so thanks a lot. You want to say what he said? I'm saying on the full we got 293 votes. Our goal is 400 by the way by two o'clock. I just made that up. We got 393 so we got a shot, right? Yes, we did. And believe you me, these people that are like going the extra 9A. So if anybody else is, I wish they'd call you in with some food places because all we got so far, whatever, is the couple of places that you read plus that pizza joint that still is obviously not going to say you guys any food today. No. Well, when you think that somebody would have brought you by some food today, you had to feel like something, but they didn't happen. Jesus, why I mean, it's not bad enough that I bring in food to Josh at the ball games up there in the stadium. Maybe they exclusively, they just, they can't get up there. They don't care about this thinking Marlins or whatever I might be. But right there at WQAM, with a Kentucky fried chicken sign in our parking lot, and probably your traffic hal just a couple of doors down and Mickey, these just right next side by each set. That's what it's structured. Anyway, it is. It has been you. I don't know what you're all the people I like I said. I wanted the people that area are so hungry. This is Neil Rogers. That's exactly why it says he's five, sixteen, two, eight, four. That's not him, Paulie. Oh! In a place that's better than a bad man. I've been a little bit busy. I've been a little busy track that's great for me to do. It's a great, great, great, great picture, good day day. We're too slow to get into, we just have to go there. Two wives just asked for something to tell about that. I don't know how much money it's got to go for that, that's the salad I found. I don't know how much time it's got to go there because that's not a good track to build it dry. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. I've got a good thing to do. City all closed today. Boy water, widespread power outages in Wilton, Manor. Which sounds kind of gay to me. Open Park, flooding minor. Roop through the wall, front and part and building on Northwest 21st and 26 people homeless moved into American Red Cross, shelter. Roop collected a My Chi restaurant 35, 50, or federal highway. Roop collected a Christmas of insurance, 1955, East Oakland Park, Florida. My Chi restaurant to hand. No. What does that sound like? Polynesian to me doesn't have sure. That's that. You know the My Chi. They had the flaming baton act. They know that. The dancing girls. Oh, the My Chi. I said, I'll have one of my thinking about it. And I had a brain fart. I was soon they forget. Yeah. It's been there 100 years. City all closed today. Boy water ordered down power lines, widespread power outages in open park. Member of Pines flooding minimal. City all had windows blown out. And then our exhibition in South Los Damage. The public service building was also damaged. Many trees uprooted streetlights and power lines down. Her plans overturned her career port. City all up and I limited bases today. Water and suicide services. Okay. Resident well. Window. The city is part of the fire department roof. Be a rock and high winds flooding minimal. Boy water ordered in effect. City commission meeting for tonight's been canceled for you. I saw water at the city hall sometime today. Beach in parks. Coastal for the notice. West in flooding minimal. Many roads will be impossible for the next year or so. Some underground water breaks and low water pressure to injuries or debts. Some of the city still has power in western. Well, that's all jam into a SUV. Go to western. What do you say? All right. I'll drive. West park. Let's see. It seems to me I'm missing something on here. It's a plantation. There it is. West park. No flooding down trees and power lines. Boy water advisory in effect. Pembroke park officials out of able reports. Reports of mobile home damage. City under a boy water notice. Cookers city. Police have put a four way stop sign of major intersections. And powers out. Cookers city sports complex scoreboard demolished. As was the city hallmark. Key and a major injuries reported. Commission meeting canceled the night. Maybe. Residents may pick up ice water and food at prime pick. A little park. The hours. To be to TBA. North. Waterdale flooding minimal. One of the city's two fire stations lost its roof. Trader Park. Minutes. Wives. Red devastation. Two mobile home parks. A heavily damaged. Residents can stay at the Shubber and Park. Flex Elementary. It is. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Over to been the last.�� scissors paper. So the Produktろ. digestAny 알았어 to be cleaned. It groups four creatures. So the the the 커. Wildman's seeding ball. Fire incumbents. Plenty of emergency Ltd. You can call him send a while at 25. Sometimes with the mistery Till Region. 99 into the door. ... I pretty much believe he's Plenty of fire and Morning bark. And water operas. It's part of Turning thing LY in for temporary properties. Plenty of gunpowder, Tolerary вс. I'll order in the first attempt. That all right? Are you writing it down? Yeah, right. Good. Think we passed along some fairly useful information and probably some useless also as well. We're doing the best we can. 154 QAN. This is Neal Rogeris. This is 516A. Let's go. They put the number in the 50 and they took the best out. They put the number in the 50 but it's not there anymore. They put the number in the 50 and they took the best out. They put the number in the 50 and they took it out and they made it. I got a lightning with the lines. I said, maaam, me. I feel a lot less like they were with the mhm. Maaam, me. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad. And my name is since Nealis can give you a job. They put the number in the 50 and they took the number in the 50 and they took the number. They put the line in the 50 but it doesn't taste the same. I used to think that if it left me with my teeth, it's with my legs. And I would have hurt my hand. I would go and go and go and draw an aniner and line. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. Maybe doctor would be better. I mean doctor, pepper, the day'd be a pepper through doctor. Pizzy's you from 50 and he's coming. Doctor, I'd been at five and will be great. Sometimes I wish I was great. Say, but the lemon in the first thing, please do good. Baby, baby. Bye bye.